I was staring at my beautiful girlfriend and wishing that the earth would open up and swallow me. I had royally screwed up and I was too drunk to think quickly enough to talk my way out of the problem. I was sure that my greatest fear was about to come true because I had been a fucking idiot.
First, a little explanation of how I arrived at this spot. My girlfriend, Donna, and I were attending a party hosted by her friend, Sylvia, and her sister, Diane. We were in the middle of a drinking party game called baseball. It involved drinking, stripping and sex based on the events in a baseball game.
My awesome girlfriend was the first girl to go topless. She was a big hit at the party. I had dropped out of the game because Donna got upset about my conduct with the giant boobs of her sister, Diane, and a passionate kiss from a gorgeous girl, Angie.
None of that was the cause of my current problem. Donna's friend, Sylvia, the "Commissioner" of the game, called time out and gathered up her team of girls. Most of the girls except Donna were wearing only lingerie. After talking for a few minutes, Sylvia announced that the girls' team was challenging the guys to a bet about the outcome of the game.
The bet was $100 per player. This was a huge amount for college girls. Sylvia announced that a couple of girls were dropping out, but they would be replaced with other girls at the party including a girl named Betty whose tits I had admired for several years. Silvia also reminded everyone that a team won by forcing a member of the other team to drop out or fail to perform the tasks required by the game.
I assumed that Donna was one of the girls dropping out of the game before this bet went into effect, but I was wrong. I asked Donna why the girls made this bet with guys who could drink them under the table.
Donna smiled and said, "Sylvia has been watching the guys and they have been drinking nonstop since the start of the party. She is sure one of the guys will pass out soon. She also thinks that as a back-up plan some of the guys will ejaculate and won't be able to perform in the game."
I was none too sure about this logic, but most of the girls seemed to be on board including my girlfriend. Donna said, "Diane and Sylvia really want to win this bet and I want to help them if it is okay with you, baby."
I told her it was okay even though I wasn't sure she had $100 in her bank account and I thought I would probably have to pay part of her share if the girls lost. She gave me a big, busty kiss. There is nothing like the feel of Donna's big soft boobs on your chest or arm.
The guys quickly accepted the bet since it seemed like they couldn't really lose. The guys could drink more than the girls, were more than happy to perform the sex acts and it gave the girls incentive to stay in the game.
Sylvia called a quick bathroom time out. The girls all ran for the restroom. They were all in bras and panties except Donna who was only wearing some small white lace panties. Her huge F cup breasts were on display for the first time in her life and they looked incredible. Most of the girls tried to cover their bodies as they ran, but Donna just happily walked along with her big breasts swaying. The smallest move of her body caused her boobs to jiggle. They were huge and firm, but Donna could not keep them from jiggling when she made even a small movement. I knew this because I couldn't take my eyes off of my topless girlfriend. Watching her, I loved her so much. It seemed to me that every other guy in the room was staring at her, too.
A couple of my buddies came over to talk to me as the girls ran to the bathroom. My friend, Don, was really excited about Donna taking off her clothes. Don is a great guy and was a really good linebacker on our football team. For some reason, he never had much luck with good looking women. He was a guy's guy and just didn't seem to connect very well or for very long with women.
Don had long been totally enamored with Donna. He was always respectful and polite, but it was easy to see that he lusted after Donna. He never failed to ask me about her.
Don said, "You are such a lucky guy! If I was you, I would stay up all night just staring at Donna and that unbelievable body. She is fucking gorgeous!"
"Thanks, man. I like looking at her too!"
Don continued, "There is no way she can play this game much longer! A girl who looks like that has probably never gone down on a guy. I have never had a pretty girl go down on me. Only slutty girls seem to want to suck my cock. I bet Donna just lets guys worship her tremendous body. I know that is what I would do if I ever had a girl like her."
I noticed that several guys were standing around listening to our conversation. I was feeling pretty proud of myself for having such a hot girl(as if I had anything to do with it). Donna was clearly the sexiest girl in the room. I looked around to make sure none of the girls could hear me and said, "This is going to drive you crazy, Don. Donna is not only beautiful, she loves to suck my cock! She is great at it. I don't know how often she did it with other boyfriends back home before college, but she has no gag reflex and her blow jobs are incredible. She can deep throat a big cock with ease. I love to watch her swallow my dick."
Don gulped and looked like he was about to cum just thinking about what I told him.
As I laughed at Don's reaction, I looked up to see that Ross had heard my comments about Donna sucking dick. As you may remember, Ross was a teammate of ours on the football team, but among my friends, he was considered an arrogant asshole. He had a smirk on his face as he said, "I figured that anyone who dated you would be a cock whore."
As he said that, Ross turned and headed toward the bathroom where the girls were still waiting in line. I tried to call out to Ross to tell him to go fuck himself, but he either ignored me or didn't hear me.
In my drunken state, I did not pay too much attention to Ross. Actually, I never paid too much attention to Ross. I considered him to be a rather slimy loser.
My buddy Shawn said, "Don't pay any attention to that ass. Donna is a great girl! Ross is just jealous since no nice girl will have anything to do with that scumbag. "
As the girls returned from the rest room, I started looking for Donna. I looked across the room and a feeling of panic came over me as I saw Donna talking to Ross. She was not covering her breasts and as they talked, her big, heavy, F cup boobs were continuously jiggling. I knew she couldn't help it, but I wished that she could stop the jiggling when Ross was talking to her.
I thought to myself, "Surely, Ross wouldn't tell her what I said about her giving blow jobs! Guys don't tell girls what their boyfriends said about their sex life. That was like a code that I thought all guys followed. "
Ross talked to Donna for a few minutes and then Donna headed toward me. I was not sure, but I thought that she looked a little bit upset. As she walked, one of the other guys said something to her as she made her way through the crowd. I instantly knew I should not have said anything about sex with Donna. My heart was pounding as Donna walked toward me wearing only her panties. Like always, her boobs swayed and jiggled uncontrollably as she walked toward me.
One of the many things I loved about Donna was that she was a great looking girl who did not know she was great looking. She certainly never acted like she knew she was attractive. I never fully understood it, but Donna was this gorgeous voluptuous girl who still thought of herself as the skinny, flat-chested girl that she was through most of her high school years.
She told me that her mother and sister both had large breasts and she was a skinny bean pole until her senior year of high school. She was so flat, her nickname was "ironing board." My theory was that the kids made fun of her and it left her feeling inferior and ugly even though she was now voluptuous and beautiful.
I have seen photos of her in high school and she was really pretty even before she developed her tremendous body. However, Donna didn't believe it and never completely felt attractive despite the obvious evidence to the contrary.
Clearly, Donna could see herself in the mirror and knew on some level she was hot, but she never fully believed that she was pretty and desirable. It made her try very hard to please me and I loved it.
Donna approached me with a hint of tears in her eyes. I was feeling sick. I had opened my big mouth and hurt the girl I loved with all of my heart. I was silently cursing myself for being such a fucking imbecile.
Donna came close to me and whispered, "Did you tell all of the guys here that I love to give oral sex?"
"Well . . . sort of. I just said how good you are when we make love."
The tears welled up in her big blue eyes as she said, "Did you tell them that I have no gag reflex?"
'Uh, . . .I guess I did sort of say something about your gag reflex. It was a. . . a compliment!"
She whispered, "Did you tell all of these men that I swallow your entire penis and that you love it when my mouth is around the base of your penis?"
"Yes," I said. "But it is not like it sounds. I was bragging about how hot you are and how much I love to make love to you!"
Donna had tears running down her cheeks as she said in a low whisper, "I shouldn't use this language, but did you tell your friends that I am an awesome cocksucker?"
"No!" I said, but being incapable of lying to Donna about anything, I added, "Well, I sort of said that, but didn't use that word."
"Ross said you called me an awesome cocksucker."
"I don't think I used those words, Donna."
As I watched tears were flooding down her beautiful face and I was dying since I had been caught telling a group of guys how well my girlfriend sucked cock. She had to be worried sick about her reputation around school and it was all because of my drunken big mouth.
As I tried to come up with an apology or something to say to make this better, Donna said, "Did you really brag to your friends about me?"
"Yes."
'So, you are proud of me?"
"Of course, baby."
As she moved into my arms, she said, "I am so happy to hear that. I have been worried that I didn't do it right. . .you know, with my mouth. You are older and more experienced than me. I was afraid you didn't like the way I did it. But, you told all of our friends that you are proud of me!"
She kissed me passionately. I could feel her huge boobs against my chest and the wet tears running down her cheeks.
She said through her tears, "I am so happy! I am making a fool of myself crying like this. I just can't control it after all of these drinks. I want to make you proud of me! I want to show off for you if I can work up the courage."
I replied, "You don't need to worry about how you look. You look awesome."
I was thinking that I had dodged a bullet and wanted to take my very tipsy girl home to bed. Donna passionately pressed her body against mine, hugged me tightly and stuck her tongue down my throat. She was as aroused as I had ever seen her. It crossed my mind that maybe Donna was secretly an exhibitionist, but usually she wore rather conservative clothes her Mom bought her and didn't show off in public.
As she kissed me, Donna pressed her crotch against my rapidly hardening dick. She also grabbed one of my hands and placed it on one of her big boobs. As I squeezed her boob and touched her nipple, she moaned. We continued to kiss passionately as I felt her up in public.
She finally stopped our lengthy kiss and whispered, "I am nervous about continuing this game, but I really like to show off for you. I also want to help Sylvia and Diane win the bet." She looked down at my hard cock and giggled while she said, "It looks like you like it too!"
She looked me in the eye and said, "I am so sorry I made you quit the game. That wasn't fair. I was just being jealous. It is alright for you to play if you want. I am only continuing in order to show off for you."
I thanked her and tried to tell her it was not necessary for her to continue the game and we should go home, but the Commissioner was starting the game again. Donna looked in a mirror, cleaned the running mascara off of her face, smiled at me and bounced into the group of her teammates.
I joined the guys team again. I removed my pants because the entire team of guys were without their pants. I was feeling a little intoxicated, but Donna and several of the other girls seemed to be way over their limits. Donna joined her team and stood there with her boobs out with perfect posture. All of the other girls at least tried to hide their boobs.
Donna's busty sister, Diane, finally said, "Donna, at least try to cover up those big things! You are embarrassing me."
Donna smiled and replied, "I thought the whole idea was to show off. None of the guys seem to be covering up."
Donna still made no effort to cover herself. I was becoming convinced that she liked exposing herself in public.
The game resumed. The men's team, Kansas City, was batting in the video of the baseball game Sylvia was playing. The Kansas City batter crushed a double off the wall. The guys all cheered. This meant that each of the girls had to either let a guy feel her up, remove a piece of clothing or drink a cup of beer. Several of the girls drank a beer or removed some clothing. Donna and her sister each elected to let a guy feel her up. Donna was staring at me as she selected a name and went to join my friend, Shawn.
Shawn looked at me for permission. I didn't know what to do, but finally I shrugged and said, "It is part of the game."
I was torn. I was turned on by the idea of Donna showing off her massive boobs. However, I also had feeling of jealousy when I thought about other guys touching her. At least Shawn was my good friend.
Donna kept looking at me and smiling as Shawn rubbed her giant boobs. She stood in front of him and put her hands on his arms and shoulders sort of like they were dancing as she let him rub her breasts in public. Shawn was a big guy, but his hands were not nearly big enough to fondle all of Donna's boobs. It would take two hands at least on each boob and there would still be boob to spare. Soon her nipples were stiff and she looked beautiful. My exposed cock was hard as a rock. I could feel my heart thumping in my chest. Donna was smiling but also had a look that I recognized as her look when she was getting very horny. Because none of the guys were wearing any pants it was easy to see that Shawn was also excited.
After rubbing both of Donna's big boobs for a while, Shawn let go of one of Donna's boobs and started rubbing her pussy through her panties. Donna gasp as Shawn touched her and soon looked like she was about to orgasm.
Donna's sister, Diane, had picked the name of my black friend, Larry. Diane leaned back against him and he grabbed both of her giant breasts through her bra. I was sure that Diane had never been with a black guy before. She seemed to love it as he felt her up. I saw Diane slip one of her hands behind her to grip Larry's big cock. I could tell Larry was enjoying this game. I was finding it hard to believe that conservative, religious Diane was letting a guy feel her up in public. I don't know what size bra Diane wore, but her massive boobs were bigger than even Donna's. She was shorter than Donna and not as pretty, but her breasts were outstanding and pretty much dominated her entire appearance. Virtually everything between her shoulders and her waist was big heavy boobs.
After the two minute time period, Sylvia started the video again. One player made an out and the guys all drank a beer or removed some clothing. All of us had our cocks exposed which I thought was kind of exciting. My eight inch cock was the third largest cock on our team behind Ross and Larry. Larry looked like a porn star his cock was so big. It really seemed to hang down near his knees.
I was getting a little tipsy. My head was already spinning a little. I was wondering how long Donna and her friends could stay upright.
The next batter for Kansas City crushed a home run. The guys all cheered and most of the girls moaned. Sylvia reminded everyone that the guy and girl could negotiate something different than what the game required. Most of the girls started drinking a beer. Many were looking a little green. Angie, the blonde beauty, walked to the front of the group of girls and slowly unhooked her bra and let it slip off. Her beautiful boobs bounced in front of her. She looked proud of her D cup boobs. I noticed she gave Donna a little smirk as she showed her boobs in public for the first time. Angie definitely felt some sort of competition with Donna.
To the amazement of all, Sylvia drew a name. She was actually considering fucking the guy whose name was pulled from the hat. She pulled Ross' name from the hat. I assumed she would avoid sex with an asshole like Ross. However, Sylvia seemed to be a size queen and Ross had a fairly long dick. I can't say that without thinking that Ross is also a fairly obnoxious dick.
Sylvia, dressed in some sexy white lingerie walked over to Ross and said, "Ross, would you be willing to let me give you a blowjob for the home run instead of going all the way?"
The crowd all cheered Sylvia's willingness to suck a cock as part of a party game. The entire men's team seemed excited with the direction of the game.
Ross said, "You look like you can suck a mean dick. I will agree to that."
The crowd cheered again and Sylvia grabbed his hand and started for the bedroom.
Ross snarled, "Where are you going?"
"To the bedroom for some privacy," replied Sylvia.
"You don't need any privacy, bitch. Everyone at this party now knows you are a cocksucker. Get on your knees right here."
Several of us started to tell Ross to quit being such an asshole, but Sylvia interrupted us, smiled and said, "I guess everyone does know what I am going to do."
Sylvia slipped to her knees in front of Ross and was soon licking his semi-hard cock. Sylvia's cute hard body looked great on her knees. Before long she was being cheered by the crowd as she bobbed her head up and down as she sucked Ross' big cock.
Donna came up beside me and pressed her big boobs into my arm. Donna was smiling as she watched Sylvia suck a dick in public. She whispered to me, "Sylvia is so sexy doing that in front of all of these people."
When I agreed that Sylvia looked sexy, Donna whispered, "Do you want me to do that? I want to look sexy for you."
I didn't know what to say. I was loving that Donna was showing off her spectacular body and loved the idea of her having sex in public, but I still felt possessive about her. I just answered evasively and said, "I don't think I want to see you do that in public. I am afraid it would be a embarrassing for both of us."
She looked a little disappointed and said, "Oh, I thought you liked me doing sexy things. There is not much more I can do except to have sex with some of these boys."
I left the issue open by saying, "We will have to see how the party goes."
In the meantime, Sylvia sucked Ross' cock until it was hard. Ross then put his hand on the back of Sylvia's short blond hair and started humping her face. You could tell that Sylvia knew her way around a hard penis. She made a concerted effort to swallow his dick. Sylvia had about half of Ross' cock in her mouth, but he kept pushing her head down looking for more. After giving it a good try, Sylvia gagged on the cock and had to spit it out to breathe. As Sylvia gasped for air, Ross roughly pushed her head back onto his dick.
"Suck my cock, cunt," Ross said as he forced her down on his cock.
Sylvia tried to comply. Her lips were wrapped around his dick and her cheeks were indented. Sylvia soon gagged again as Ross pressed her head down on about half of his cock. It looked like Ross might cum in her mouth soon if Sylvia could stay down on his big cock. However, Diane who was watching the clock called time when the two minute time limit was up and the blowjob was over.
Sylvia stood up smiling and laughing and then tried to regain her composure. The crowd loudly cheered for Sylvia's effort. Some guy in the crowd yelled out, "Hey Donna, are you going to do that next?"
Donna smiled and said, "I just might! It is up to my boyfriend."
The crowd roared.
Sylvia started the video of the ballgame again. The next Kansas City batter hit an opposite field homer. Back to back home runs!
The crowd cheered.
The girls looked a little frantic. It was easy to see that most of the girls could not drink another beer so soon after the last.
Donna and Diane whispered something to each other and quickly walked to the front. Diane unhooked her industrial sized bra and let her enormous tits come out. The big jugs bounced in front of her. Her breasts looked heavy and hot even though they sagged a little more than Donna's perfect boobs. The look on her face was total embarrassment. Her face was bright red as she showed her breasts in public for what had to be her first time. Several guys mentioned how gorgeous huge tits ran in their family. Diane futilely tried to cover her big knockers. Her little hands did not come close to covering her big tits.
For a year or so, I had been looking at Diane's big jugs. She never showed them off or even showed any cleavage, but even in conservative clothes, her big tits looked great. I loved the chance to finally see them.
As soon as her sister was finished flashing her boobs, Donna stepped to the front and slowly removed her panties. Now she was completely naked in public. I could tell even from a distance that her pussy was soaking wet. It looked like Donna had trimmed her dark pubic hair. I didn't know she did that for the party. She smiled and laughed as she showed her pussy and ass in public. Her ass looked gorgeous as she turned to join the other girls.
Unlike her breasts, Donna's ass was small and tight. Each bun fit easily in my hand. She did a little dance for the enthusiastic crowd. Of course, her tits kept moving a full 30 seconds after the dance ended. Donna noticed them jiggling and tried to stop the movement of her tits with her hands. She only managed to make them jiggle even more and soon gave up. The jiggling boobs embarrassed Donna. She blushed a little and even tried unsuccessfully to hide her breasts with her hands.
Angie removed her panties next. As all of us who had lusted after her for years knew, Angie had a great ass. It looked like Angie had shaved her pussy. The crowd seemed to appreciate the great bodies on display.
Sylvia removed her bra. Sylvia did not have big boobs, but they were very nice and bigger than I would have thought from seeing her dressed. They were either B or C cup boobs with dark, pretty nipples. The guys were calling on her for more sex, but Sylvia said that her mouth needed a little rest.
Several other girls removed some clothing or drank a beer. None of the girls looked like they could drink much more. Seeing nine almost naked college girls in one place was incredibly hot. I remember thinking that it was like being in an ancient Roman orgy. Naked, drunk people were everywhere.
Oakland finally got the third out and the guys had to drink another beer. The Oakland A's came to bat. To the wonderment of us all, the first batter of the inning hit a solo home run. The girls all cheered. However, soon they realized that a home run meant they each had to fuck one of the guys, remove clothing (if they had any to remove) or drink.
With most of the girls having reached their limit of alcohol, the girls drew names each hoping to negotiate something with the guy whose name she had selected. Donna picked the name of my buddy, Don, who was infatuated with her. Diane picked my former roommate, Rusty, who was completely wasted. The beautiful, blonde, Angie, picked my name. Sylvia picked my black friend, Larry.
The room was tense as everyone was waiting to see what the girls would do. Sylvia quickly made a decision. She walked up to Larry, gently grabbed the middle of his big cock and led him by the cock to the back bedroom. Everyone hooted and yelled as she took him to the back.
Don looked so excited I thought he might explode. I assumed that Donna would drink a beer. However, Don looked between me and Donna trying to figure out a way to have sex with my gorgeous girlfriend without making me mad. Finally, he said to Donna, "Donna, what if we agreed that I would just feel you up instead of going all of the way?"
Donna smiled and looked at me. Donna seemed relieved. I looked in her bright blue eyes and said, "It is up to you, baby. I told you that you could play."
Donna quickly agreed to Don's proposal and went to stand in front of Donna to offer him her naked body. Don looked like he had died and gone to heaven. His hands immediately grabbed both of Donna's big knockers.
Angie now approached me. At first, I assumed that a nice girl like Angie would drink. But, she walked up to me, grabbed my hand and started walking toward the bedroom door. I couldn't believe that good-looking Angie wanted to take me to the back and fuck me. Before this party, Angie had a good reputation and was generally thought of as a girl who was either a prude or who was hard to get. This would have been really hot except I knew Donna was a little jealous of Angie and I didn't want to do anything to upset my girlfriend.
I looked at Donna for some guidance. I could always drink a beer to avoid sex with Angie. I was already imagining the shit I was going to get from my friends if I passed up sex with this beautiful blonde. Angie flipped her long blonde hair behind her so that her nice, firm tits were easier for me to see. I wasn't sure what Donna wanted me to do, so I stalled for time by saying to Angie I was willing to negotiate.
Angie looked a little surprised that a guy would want to negotiate when she was offering to fuck him. However, she smiled at me and said, "I will get on my knees right here and give you oral sex."
I gulped and looked at Donna thinking that she would tell me to drink. Instead, as Don fondled both of her boobs, she seemed to be absorbed in the process of letting my friend feel her up in public and said, "I told you that you could play."
I couldn't believe my luck. My cock was already hard from watching my naked girlfriend get felt up. Now, Angie was dropping to her knees in front of me and started kissing my balls. She looked so sexy. I lusted after Angie for a couple of years before Donna came to campus.
I was worried that Donna was still going to get mad at me if I showed too much interest in Angie. Donna was staring at me as she was felt up. Donna's boobs were shaking and swaying as Don tried to feel every inch of them. I looked at Donna as Angie started licking and kissing the shaft of my cock. I tried my best to focus on and look at Donna, as Angie slid her soft lips over the head of my cock. Soon, Angie was sucking away on my dick. I couldn't believe a nice girl like Angie would suck my cock in front of a crowd. Apparently, the crowd couldn't believe it either because they let loose a long sustained roar.
It is hard to believe, but I tried my best to look as if I was not too excited about a girl who looked like a swimsuit model sucking my cock with a crowd of people watching and cheering her on. I tried not to hump her gorgeous face and I tried my best to only look at Donna. Of course, seeing my voluptuous girl being felt up made my cock hard too. I was desperately trying to avoid cumming in Angie's mouth even though she was on her knees doing what I had dreamed of for several years. I somehow managed to hang on until someone called time. Angie, kissed my cock and slowly stood up. She gave me a quick kiss and returned to her teammates.
Donna looked extremely horny, but did not seem to be upset with me at all. I was relieved. Her attitude had changed as she got more and more horny(and drunk).
I didn't get to watch very much of it, but Diane had offered to let Rusty play with her big jugs to avoid having to drink another beer. Rusty agreed. He spent some time rubbing Diane's tits. However, a good deal of the time, he put his hands under her heavy boobs and flopped them up and down . Diane was completely embarrassed to have her naked boobs flopped around in front of a big crowd. She tried to make him stop, but Rusty was drunk and thought it was hilarious that Diane was so embarrassed. Finally, she gave up and let him flop her boobs around.
Sylvia and Larry were called out of the bedroom. Sylvia looked disheveled. She also looked a little stunned. I wondered if Sylvia had ever had a cock like Larry's before. Larry was smiling and laughing. Judging from the size and hardness of his huge black cock, it did not appear that Sylvia was able to make him cum in two minutes. From what I knew about Sylvia, it was not for lack of trying.
I saw Sylvia and Diane speak briefly to each other. Then, they called for Donna to join them. They then had what appeared to be a serious conversation or at least as serious a conversation as three young girls can have while standing naked(or almost naked) in a crowded drunken room. Donna looked worried as Sylvia and Diane spoke to her. Several times, she glanced at me as her friend and sister spoke to her.
The Commissioner started the video again. After a couple more outs, Kansas City came up to bat again. The Kansas City batter hit a ball so hard, it looked like it might completely leave the ballpark. The guys were all cheering again.
Usually, when our team scored, the girls sort of flailed around for a few minutes trying to decide what to do. This time was different. Diane came straight to me with her big jugs swaying, grabbed my hand and headed to the bedroom. I looked at Donna to see what she wanted me to do. She saw me look at her and shouted that she said I could play. I was secretly pretty excited to go to the bedroom with my girlfriend's busty, religious sister.
In the bedroom, Diane closed the door and suggested that I lie down on the bed. I laid on the bed on my back with my cock pointing straight up at the ceiling. Diane then straddled my body on the bed. I thought for a moment that the conservative girl was going to fuck me. However, what she did was lift her huge watermelon size boobs and squeezed them around my hard cock. It felt really good, but looked even better. Her hands couldn't really control her knockers so they were flopping all around my cock. Then, she started titty fucking my cock by pumping it up and down with her big boobs. I loved it.
As I watched her titty fucking me, I lost my head and said, "Your sister always sucks my cock while she does that."
She looked at me and said, "I have never tried that with a man." She looked at the sky for a moment and said, "Lord forgive me." She then looked at me and said, "I will do it with my mouth if you promise not to tell anyone and promise not ejaculate in my mouth."
I moaned, "Okay, I will not tell anyone and I will do my best not to cum in your mouth."
She seemed to accept this answer and said only, "This is so embarrassing."
About that time, a huge roar came from the other room. I remember thinking that something really hot must have been happening.
She then repositioned her huge melons around my cock and put the head of my cock in her mouth. Diane then started sucking away on my cock. While admiring her huge rack for about a year, it never occurred to me that she would suck cock. She seemed like such a prude. I was overwhelmed that my cock was now in her religious mouth. Soon she was pumping away on my cock with both her boobs and her mouth. She was still wearing her glasses as she bobbed up and down on my hard cock. I thought sure I was going to cum in Diane's mouth, but the thought that Donna might get upset with me made me resist. Before too long, someone called time. I moaned a little when Diane's mouth and big knockers came off of my cock.
She said as we got up from the bed, "I thought you were going to ejaculate."
When I replied, "Me too!" she playfully hit my arm and reminded me that I had promised not to cum in her mouth.
She also said, "I am glad my first time was with you. Thank you."
I replied, "No, thank you. You were really good especially for your first time."
I hoped she didn't tell her sister what we did.
We left the bedroom and returned to our teams. Donna was standing talking to the other girls with her boobs shaking like a bowl of Jello. She didn't seem to notice the jiggling.
Sylvia restarted the video of the baseball game and Oakland's manager apparently conceded defeat because he replaced his pitcher with a reserve infielder. Without a pitcher on the mound, Kansas City would be able to easily get more hits and home runs.
A moan went up from the girls' team. Another home run soon followed.
I watched to see if Donna would take a drink, but before she had a chance to decide, Sylvia came over to me, grabbed my hand and headed to the bedroom. I looked at Donna, but she wasn't looking.
Sylvia didn't have the boobs of Diane and Donna, but she had a sexy slender body that was hot and nice boobs if you aren't comparing them to the Kelly sisters.
Sylvia closed the bedroom door and we headed for the bed.
I said, "What do you want to do, Sylvia?"
She sort of rolled her eyes and said, "I want you to fuck me."
I am pretty sure that I had never heard a girl say anything like that before. My cock immediately got hard.
Sylvia lay down on the bed and spread her legs. I was worried that Donna would find out that I fucked Sylvia and that her sister had sucked my dick. I hesitated a moment and then the temptation of a sexy hot girl wanting to be fucked was too much for me. I jumped on the bed and kissed Sylvia. I always kissed Donna as we had sex and did it out of habit. I could tell the kiss surprised Sylvia, but she went along with it and even stuck her tongue in my mouth. However, after a fairly long kiss while I squeezed one of her firm tits, she said, "Why don't you fuck me? We don't have long."
I reached down and inserted my hard cock in her pussy. She was soaking wet. I then remembered that she had probably fucked Larry with his gigantic cock earlier. As my cock slowly entered her, she said, "Oh yeah. That feels so good. Larry nearly split me in half."
I didn't really like the reminder about how many cocks Sylvia had taken, but it felt really good. I started thinking that I might cum in Sylvia. She moaned and groaned with every thrust. Her slender body was built for fucking.
As I fucked Sylvia, I heard another loud roar from the crowd in the other room. This seemed louder than any of the earlier roars. I wondered what I was missing, but I didn't give it too much thought since my dick was in a hot nasty girl.
I wasn't sure if she was faking, but it soon seemed like Sylvia was about to orgasm. She certainly sounded like it. I was thinking that I was about to cum, too, when someone called time.
Sylvia pulled me into her one last time and sort of moaned again.
As we got out of bed, I thanked her and said, "You know, I don't think we should tell Donna what we did back here"
Sylvia smiled and said, "Okay, if you think it will be a problem."
We returned to the main room and rejoined our teams. My eyes immediately went to Donna's boobs. They were beautiful and jiggling. She was talking to her teammates and seemed very happy. In fact, the girl's team all seemed to be more upbeat than they had been a half hour before. I thought that maybe one of my teammates might be about to pass out or cum giving their team the win. I knew that neither possibility was far-fetched.
Sylvia started the video and as you might expect with an infielder pitching, Kansas City hit another home run. The girls didn't seem as upset about it as I would have expected. Once again, before I could figure out if Donna was going to drink or negotiate with one of the guys, Diane came over to me, took my had and led me into the bedroom. Her heavy jugs bounced as she walked even though she was still trying to cover them with her hands. It was a hopeless attempt. About all she could do was cover her nipples.
I didn't want Donna to know, but I was looking forward to seeing Diane's big udders again. I assumed that she was going to titty fuck me and suck my dick again. She seemed to like it the last time she took me to the bedroom.
As we were closing the door, lovely Angie came into the bedroom, too, with my buddy, Rusty. Angie looked at Diane and said, "Would it be okay if we share the bed?"
Diane said, "Oh, my lord, how embarrassing!"
Angie replied, "I know! But, I don't know anywhere else to go. Do you think we can share the bed? You know I won't tell anyone."
Diane had a rather sick look on her face and said, "I can't believe I am going to do this."
Rusty looked at me, started laughing and gave me a high five. As roommates in the jock dorm, we had had sex with women in the same room before, but they were nothing compared to Angie and Diane.
The four of us crawled onto the double bed. Rusty kept saying to Angie that he had waited a long time for this. Rusty had lusted after Angie for a couple of years. Only some steady girlfriends had kept him from making a serious run at dating Angie.
Diane kissed me as I grabbed one of her massive tits. Her nipples were both stiff and she was obviously very horny. This was surprising coming from a religious girl who everyone thought was a prude. I had been around her a lot while dating her sister and I was sure that she was a prude. Clearly, everyone was wrong.
I got on my back and assumed she would titty fuck me again. I was thinking that I would cum in her mouth this time if she had time to make me cum. Instead, she straddled me, grabbed my cock and slowly inserted it in her soaking wet pussy. I couldn't believe it!
At first, as my dick entered her, she was pressed against my chest. I pushed her up a little and said, "Let me see your breasts."
As she glanced at Rusty and Angie next to us on the bed, Diane said, "Oh, my God, this is so embarrassing! I may die of humiliation."
However, she sat up so that I(and Rusty) could see her massive udders. They bounced like only heavy, natural boobs can bounce with each thrust. I couldn't take my eyes off of her big, heavy, nasty looking jugs. She soon seemed to get used to showing her bare tits bouncing. However, she became embarrassed again as Rusty said several times, "Look at the size of those tits!"
Rusty even reached over and pinched one of Diane's stiff nipples. She blushed and covered her giant breasts as Rusty laughed. He loved to embarrass poor Diane.
Diane was not anywhere close to being as hot as my girlfriend, Donna. Donna was a 9 or 10 who would stop conversations in restaurants just by walking to our table. Diane was rather plain with cat eye glasses and conservative clothes. Maybe a 6 or 7, but I couldn't help but stare at her massive boobs every time she was around. I couldn't wait to see her knockers heave as I fucked her.
As I started to fuck Diane, the loudest cheer yet went up from the crowd in the living room. I looked to make sure the door was closed and continued to give Diane my hard cock. I grabbed both of her giant boobs as she jiggled on top of me.
With all of my focus on Diane's big tits, I didn't notice what was happening with Rusty and Angie. However, after a few moments, Rusty said, "Shit! I can't fucking believe this, but I came just a few minutes ago and I can't go again without a little rest."
Diane kept riding my cock, but looked over at Angie who was spread-eagle on the bed next to us, laughed and said, "We won!"
She was right. Under the crazy rules Sylvia had told us at the first of the game, being unable to perform one of the sex acts caused the team to lose.
Rusty continued to curse his bad luck and tried to beg Angie to give him another shot after he had rested a little. Angie was pretty vague about whether she would give him a rain check.
Diane continued to hump me for a few more thrusts, but soon jumped out of bed and headed to the door to tell the crowd that the girls' team had won the game and the bet.
I got up and followed the naked girls back into the living room.
When I walked through the door, I couldn't believe my eyes. My beautiful girlfriend was on her knees in front of Ross with his big, thick pecker lodged in her mouth. Cute little blonde-haired Sylvia was also on her knees sucking Larry's huge black cock. Her mouth seemed to be filled with just the head of his dick. She looked like a cute little white girl trying to suck a giant black fire hose. The crowd was going crazy and had gathered in close to the two girls sucking cock.
Of course, my focus turned to Donna. At first, I didn't know what to do. Here was my beautiful girl who I planned to marry within a year sucking on the dick of Ross, a guy I truly hated. I don't hate people as a rule, but I made an exception for Ross. He had no redeeming qualities that I could see.
Ross was standing. Donna was on her knees in front of him with her legs spread so that her little naked butt stuck out behind her and looked incredibly sexy. Donna's boobs bounced and jiggled each time she bobbed her head on his fat cock. Watching her made my cock hard. I was still naked, so my erection was in plain sight sticking out in front of me. My mouth was dry and my heart was beating so fast I thought I might have a heart attack.
I wanted to pull Donna away from him, but I hesitated a little since I wasn't too sure I had any right to do that after I had secretly fucked Sylvia and Diane. However, I was sure she would want to get away from that giant asshole, so I just announced again that the game was over.
I was sure Donna would pull back off of his cock, but she didn't. Her head kept bobbing back and forth on the cock. I felt like everyone in the room was looking at me being humiliated by fucking Ross. If that wasn't bad enough, I had a hard-on watching myself be humiliated.
After another minute or so of cocksucking, Donna pulled back off of Ross' cock and looked at me with her big, beautiful blue eyes. Her face was wet and she shyly smiled at me. She said, "Is it okay if I finish what I started here?"
I knew from her dealings with me, Donna always felt a responsibility to help a man cum if she was the reason a man had an erection. This ignored all of the men who got erections just looking at her in class or a store or a restaurant. However, she always felt obligated to finish what she started.
I was almost incapable of telling Donna "No." I looked her in the eye and quietly said, "Okay."
The crowd cheered as she leaned in and put the big cock back in her mouth. Her sister, Diane, standing next to me with her little hands trying to cover her big jugs, gave me an incredulous look. Clearly, she thought I should have shut down Donna's public blow job. She was probably right.
Ross looked at Donna sucking away at his cock and said, "Suck my cock, you whore!"
Donna kept sucking his cock. Donna tried to look at me with Ross' cock still in her mouth, but Ross said, "Look at me, bitch!"
Donna looked a little frightened and looked up at Ross with his fat cock still in her mouth. Ross looked at the girl I wanted to marry and said, "Tell me you are a cock whore, you stupid cunt."
Donna pulled her mouth off of Ross' dick and said rather shyly, "Since I am down here with a penis in my mouth, I guess I have to admit that I am a cock whore."
Ross said angrily, "I didn't tell you that you could take my cock out of your cocksucking mouth. Tell me you are a cock whore with my dick in your mouth."
I was sure that was the end of this embarrassment for Donna. I waited for her to get up and come to me. But to my surprise, she looked at Ross, put his dick back in her mouth and said in a garbled high voice, "I am a cock whore."
The drunken crowd got more and more excited as Ross abused my girlfriend. Her cheeks were indented as she sucked on his long, thick cock. She now tried to keep eye contact with Ross.
Donna's huge perfect breasts jiggled and swayed as she sucked his dick. I couldn't take my eyes off of her despite the humiliation I was feeling.
Ross wasn't satisfied. He said, "Call me 'sir' when you address me, you cunt."
Donna looked embarrassed and said, "Yes sir" with her mouth full of dick.
It came out, "Yeth sir."
Ross continued, "You must be a stupid cunt. I said to tell me you are a cock whore with my dick in your mouth and to call me 'sir.' That means you need to look at me and say "I am a cock whore, sir."
Donna looked at Ross and said with his dick in her mouth in a muffled voice, "I am a cock whore, sir"
It is embarrassing to admit it even now, but my cock was hard as a rock watching Donna suck the asshole's big dick. Her beautiful lips were stretched around the middle of his cock and she bobbed up and down on it whenever she wasn't talking to the asshole with his dick in her mouth. I desperately wanted to stop him, but I was too turned on and too worried about my own activities during the game to say anything. I couldn't stop staring at Donna's big jiggling boobs as she sucked. Her nipples were stiff as a board and her boobs shook as her head bobbed on his cock. I couldn't believe how sexy she looked and how she was willing to suck a dick in front of almost everybody she knew at school.
I turned to my friend, Shawn, and asked him what has been happening here while I was out of the room. He hesitated for a moment and said, "Sorry, man, but Donna sucked off Rusty and Don before she got to Ross. They both came in her mouth and she swallowed their jizz. She won the baseball game for the girls' team single-handedly."
Shawn had always shot straight with me. He said, "She looked so sexy on her knees sucking their dicks that the crowd in here just lost it. Everyone was gathered around her cheering her on. I am sorry to say this, but I had no idea Donna could be such a slut. She was very excited and swallowed their entire cocks. With her tits jiggling and their cocks in her mouth in front of all these people, there was no way those guys weren't going to cum on her mouth."
About this time, Donna did something I had never seen her do. She started rubbing her pussy with one or both of her hands as she sucked Ross' dick. It was obvious that she was soaking wet.
Ross then said to Donna who continued to look into his dark eyes, "Your little boyfriend said you could deep throat a cock. I don't believe you can take all of my cock."
Even though I knew she could swallow my cock with relative ease, I didn't know if she could possibly take all of Ross' big thick cock which looked like it was about 9 and a half or 10 inches long.
But, to my surprise, Donna glanced at me and her mouth started to move further down his hard cock. People were shouting encouragement as she kept moving further on his dick. I remember how the big veins on the side of Ross's prick kept disappearing into her mouth.
After another inch or so of dick went into her mouth, she made a gagging noise, appeared to swallow and the big dick went down her throat. She was deep throating a huge cock! Her lips were stretched around the base of his cock.
The entire crowd went wild! It was an awesome sight. Both men and women were cheering as she kept her lips around the base of Ross' hard cock. She really had no gag reflex.
Ross started humping her face, but her lips stayed on the base of his dick. My dick was so hard I thought I was going to cum.
Then, Donna's cheeks started to indent. She was sucking his entire dick!
Ross looked at Larry who had the head of his giant dick in Sylvia's mouth. Sylvia was trying valiantly to get more than the head of Larry's dick in her mouth, but just couldn't do it. Ross said to Larry, "Larry, come over here and stick that big cock in this whore."
My friend, Larry didn't move a muscle. Instead, he just looked at me. I didn't really want anyone fucking Donna. But, I can remember thinking that I didn't want my friend Larry to think I would say "no" in this crazy situation because he was Black. I hesitated a moment trying to think of some way out of this and finally just looked at Larry and nodded.
Larry smiled at me and gently eased his cock out of Sylvia's mouth. Then, he walked over to Ross and Donna. Everyone on the team knew Larry had an enormous cock, but I had never seen it hard. It was unbelievable. It stuck out in front of him like a thick, black tree branch. I was sure Donna would say "no" to fucking another guy. Especially, a guy she barely knew with a humongous cock.
However, Donna let Larry grab her by the hips and move her into a doggy style position. She kept Ross' cock deep in her mouth as Larry positioned her and then got on his knees behind her. I was sure she was going to end all of this. But, she didn't.
Larry started to push his cock against Donna's wet pussy. I was still waiting for her to end it. Instead, the head of Larry's big cock entered Donna from behind. I could hear her gasp as it entered her. I didn't think she could take Larry's monster dick, but more and more of it disappeared inside my beautiful girlfriend. Her perfect tits were jiggling even more with Larry pushing his big cock into her. To my complete surprise, Donna took all of Larry's cock. She even started pushing back against him as he fucked her.
Donna moaned and clearly had an orgasm as she swallowed Ross' dick and her pussy was filled with Larry's big black cock. I recognized the, "Ah, Ah, Ah!" sounds she made as she came. At least to me, the sounds were familiar even though a big cock was crammed down her throat and a bigger cock was stuffed in her pussy. Also, her huge breasts were heaving and swaying as she had her orgasm. As she moaned, she was such a trooper, she kept Ross' big prick in her mouth and at least mostly down her throat. Soon her lips were back at the base of his fat cock.
I remember wondering what made her cum. Was it being fucked by Larry's big cock? Was it sucking Ross' big cock? Sucking cock and being fucked in public? Being naked in public? Sucking Ross' cock in front of me? Being fucked by my friend Larry in front of me? Surely, it had nothing to do with being turned on by that asshole Ross.
I was sure that Ross and Larry were going to cum just from the sight of my beautiful girlfriend with Ross' entire dick in her mouth and Larry's huge dick pounding her from behind. It is embarrassing, but my hard cock sticking out in front of me exploded just from looking at the sight and seeing Donna have an orgasm in front of the crowd. My sperm shot out and landed on Donna's side and hair. Some landed on the side of her left boob. It was easy to see that I had cum on her because a big blob of white sperm was slowly dripping down on Donna's beautiful dark brown hair. Donna glanced my direction(to the extent she could with her face in a guy's crotch) when the cum landed on her body.
For a moment, I hoped that nobody saw me cum just from watching my girl suck another guy's dick and get pounded by another guy. Unfortunately, Diane, Angie and two of the other girls clearly saw me cum. Diane was staring at my dripping cock and said, "Oh, God! How embarrassing! I am embarrassed for you. You must be some kind of pervert."
Angie and the other girls were laughing at me as I felt myself blush. I doubted that I would ever live this down.
I had the idea to tell Donna not to swallow Ross' cum, but that fell apart when Ross grabbed her beautiful dark hair, pulled her mouth off of his big dick and then exploded on her face. Cum shot onto Donna's face landing on her cheeks and chin. He shot more cum than I had ever seen a man shoot. Spurt after spurt landed on her pretty face. She sat up a little as the cum ran down her face and dripped onto her massive boobs. She took the cumshot without complaint and simply let the sperm sit on her face. I kept thinking she would wipe it off, but she didn't.
Once again, the crowd lost control and started screaming. I heard Angie say, "That is so degrading and disgusting!"
Ross said over the roar of the crowd, "Eat my cum you little slut."
Donna dutifully started to scoop big globs of white sperm off of her face and ate it. She looked like a kid licking a melting ice cream cone. She even scooped up some sperm off of her tits and put it into her mouth. Larry watched Ross shoot his sperm all over my girlfriend and then resumed pounding her. Now, it was harder and faster.
Donna got back down on all fours and started pushing back against Larry her big breasts bouncing with each thrust. I couldn't believe that the entire school was getting to see what Donna's big tits looked like when she was being fucked. Soon, Larry couldn't take it any longer. He groaned and filled her pussy with cum. Larry left his cock in her for another minute or so and then pulled it out. It was giant even after he had just cum.
The girls on Donna's team all gathered around her to help her up from her knees and congratulate her. She looked exhausted and satisfied. After a minute or two, Donna came to me and pressed her giant naked breasts against my chest. I grabbed one of her sperm-covered boobs. It was completely soaked in cum. At that point being felt up in public didn't even phase Donna.
"Did you hear about what happened in here when you out with Sylvia and Diane?"
"I guess. Shawn told me you sucked a lot of dicks."
"Yes, I guess I did. Diane and Sylvia begged me to make some of these guys ejaculate so we could win the bet. I told them I would help but I didn't want to upset you by having to watch. So, I had Diane and Sylvia take you to the back room. I was hoping I would be able to tell you in private about what I did with the other boys, but then you walked in on me. I am really sorry, baby if I embarrassed you."
I replied, "I am not mad at you. You looked so sexy. It was pretty awesome. As you probably know, I had sex with your friends in the back room."
Donna sort of smiled at me and said, "Was that you that came on me while I was with Ross and Larry?
I felt myself blush and said, "Yes. You looked so sexy, I couldn't control myself."
She laughed and said, "A little more sperm on me tonight really didn't make much of a difference. I may need help to get it out of my hair."
As I held Donna in my arms I thought about our wedding that I hoped would happen within the next year. Two of my future groomsmen had now cum in the bride's mouth and many of the expected guests had now seen the bride naked, sucking dicks, swallowing cum, willingly taking cum all over her face and boobs and getting fucked by a huge black dick. I wasn't sure if I could stand the embarrassment, but I figured I would get used to it.
Donna gave me a long passionate kiss. With her tongue in my mouth, I thought I could taste all of the cock and cum she had put in her mouth that night. My cock got hard again. As we finished our kiss, she said, "I really had fun playing that crazy game."
"Yeah, it looked like it."
"Maybe we should play again sometime."