I woke up disoriented. I was extremely confused. I wasn't totally awake at the moment.
I was still half asleep. The place smelled like raunchy feet. My pole became so stiff, I felt someone gyrating on top of it. A contraction squeezed hard.
I felt hot flesh over my 22 year old face. I couldn't see. Sweat dripped over my face. I started to sniff uncontrollably. The texture was rough And I was really enjoying it. I couldn't help the place I was in.
I felt like a slave. I felt like I belonged here. Like I was taken advantage of. Then I felt my arms in shackles. I then realized I was on top of a bed. This woman on top of me, was enjoying herself. I then started to hear laughter. There were other women? I then realized, we weren't alone.
Was she humiliating me? Who could these women possibly be and how did I end up here?
Aunt Connie had big vines of twisted braids flowing down Her back. Her skin resembles mahogany.
She lived in the rural areas of Georgia. There were no neighbors around and there was peace and quiet. She could hear herself think, especially at night.
She lived during the 1940s. She survived, although it had its disadvantages. It was a tough period for everyone. But she enjoyed growing up. She had really good memories. The house she was living in was spacious.
The architecture of these Georgia houses were big and colonial as if architecture was still coming from 17th century.
She finished college at an early age of 22. She majored in Science, business and fashion. She was a big beautiful black woman. Living with her mom, Linda, she learned her mom's feet were raunchy and stanky. Her mom's feet were size 8 1/2, wide and amply high arched. Whom she inherited her shoe size and raunchy feet from.
She came from a long line of raunchy feet women. Her dad left her mom. She became depressed and would see a therapist. The therapist was a woman who helped with her issues.
At age 22, Connie started a business, her own shoe store just for women. She hired big beautiful Black women.
Her mother was very happy about the news of her graduation at Georgia university. Now to see her starting a business, made her proud. She thought her daughter was much more of a writer. She was always supportive of her.
At the time Linda was 47 years young and single. With the help of her therapist, Connie hired her mother to be the accountant for her business. It was great, because it was helping local black businesses In the area.
She imported wide shoes for big women. Had a huge stock and hired someone to keep her informed regarding how much she had.
This was before the computer age. She had some friends. And each would met at the food mart daily, especially with her mom Linda. They were the best of friends.
Both Linda and Connie had the support of the community and had a good reputation. Connie owned the shoe store but had someone manage it for her. Decades passed and they could afford to travel.
Connie had a sister name Sheila. Now Sheila was my mother. However I could come over to aunties house whenever I wanted.
Auntie and grandma would say, "you're welcome over at my house, anytime, day or night. Even when I'm asleep." They gave me keys just in case I couldn't get in.
Sheila however, graduated and became a photographer. She spent her time taking pictures of nature. She was a great artist. She was also a mathematician. In our house, she had beautiful pictures adorning each room.
The women loved tea.
Mother's feet too, we're amply high arched. Except hers was a size five, not eight and a half. Her feet smelled awful. When I was 22, mom was 40, auntie was 42 and grandma was 62. They were all single and yet seemed so proud of their stinky feet. But were ignorant of foot fetishism.
They didn't know about this world of men loving feet. But Mom would come home and she had sore feet. Asking me to rub her feet and to sniff them. I took delight in doing what she commanded. She had a bossy overtone. I did the same for auntie and grandma.
All three enjoyed this. They even slept over each weekend. I enjoyed their company. But it never went beyond this. My father left when I was young and I'm now 22.
It was now the 2002. I just graduated college and majored in engineering. My aunt now wanted me to live with her and so I did.
I was offered a job to help with her business at the shoe store. I was horny and replied so happily. She hugged me so tightly. My cock sprang stiff and I could feel her bosom.
They were sweaty. I could feel her nipples erect, as she positioned my hands on her huge beach ball behind cheeks. Her hips we're wide and round. Her waist was small. She was a perfect hourglass shape from all angles. She was only 4'10''. Grandma was the same figure but only 5 feet tall.
We hugged what seemed like forever. I hope she didn't notice my hard on. Auntie were a one piece dress with no bra or panties. That's how she normally dresses. Her breasts were a size 44 KKK. She was a bra buster like her mother, who too was 44kkk. Luckily she made clothes on the side for da sistas.
She had a sewing machine at home and enjoyed making clothes for women. Mom taught me photography before I moved in and Connie taught me how to sew. I learned how to make both women and men's clothes. Connie weighed only 160 lbs but wasn't fat or obese. She was thick and hot as hell. Just like her mother, and my mother. They lived just beside my mother on the same plot of land. They had an extra bedroom that I could live in.
And in that bedroom I did all my fantasies. My mother's bedroom was just a window from mine. It was the perfect fantasy. I could see my mom Come into her room and undress. Her window had no blinds but mine did. I could spy on her.
I left my bedroom door unlocked always hoping I would get caught masturbating to my fantasies. Whether it be mom, Connie or Linda walking in and wondering what their reactions would be. I have yet to find out.
Mom came and visited whenever she wanted. She gave me the keys her house and said exactly what auntie and grandma said.
But all three women were heavy sleepers. I used to years ago try waking them up but they never did. That Was when I sniffed the heavenly scent of their infamous stinky feet.
Auntie and grandma both had 29 inch waist, and 70 inch asses. But mom's ass was only 67 inches. Sometimes all three women borrowed each other's clothes.
I bought a laptop and on that laptop I posted numerous pictures of all women's arches. Well since mom was a photographer, she loved the idea of having her high arches photographed. But what she didn't know was what I was doing with the photos. I love to draw.
Secretly I was drawing their arches for my sketch book. I used this to masturbate daily before going to work.
Mom drove a Honda, auntie drove an Acura, and grandma grandma drove a Lincoln and I drove a Hyundai. We loved sporty cars and enjoyed them very much. Once a month I drove all women to buy any shoes they wanted but they preferred I pick out the shoes for them. It was always on a Saturday. And they spent about seven hours shopping for shoes, which they loved to do. And they would shop in aunties shoe store. This was my pleasure. I could not wait for this time to shop with them once a month. They had huge closets. They had enormous amounts of shoes and were shoe lovers.
At home I would go into their bedrooms like a detective on my days off and take out each pairs of shoes. Then I would sniff, masturbate and ejaculate my huge loads into the insoles of their shoes. They had a huge collection of different styles of shoes.
Their shoes stank worse then their feet. It was like a furnace of rotten vegetables fermenting like stinky tofu. When I opened their bedroom door, I was welcomed by the pungent odor of their shoes. Their shoes had lots of their sweat and stink leftover.
They would wonder what the white lotion was the next morning? Especially on their stinky feet.
Both houses had a basement. So mom used hers to develop pictures and I used aunties to develop my pictures. They saw no need to go in the basement. So I used it.
I loved to write and wrote private journals and hid them in my room and basement.
They were friendly, understanding, compassionate women. They enjoyed their life and me living with them. We got along great and hung out together as often as we could. They even let me sleep with them when I wanted to.
We would work out not that they needed to, because they had bangun bodies. These women were fine. Short, thick, dark and sexy.
So they even let me watch when one would take a shower. I would give them naked massage and when one was ready to shower, I would walk in and look at mom shower, or auntie or grandma shower.
"Dave, Linda time for breakfast." I hear auntie call out. It was 7 in the morning and we didn't have to be to work until 8 am.
As usual, they were always sweaty in their bras and boy shorts to near nakedness. They sat at the dining table while i sat under it sniffing their feet. They never question my actions but enjoy my company. I could see them cross their legs and their arches expand.
The most beautiful sight on earth. The eighth wonder of the world in my eyes.
They always walked barefoot in the house which is an activity they also enjoy.
I masturbated and came. Then I had the opportunity to dress them and feeling the hot warmth of their sweaty, stinky feet in my hands, while putting their shoes on before work. I almost came again.
We head out for work. Then I am greeted by lovely old black women with locks and afros. They in touch with their culture and love being Black.
But best of all is it's summer. I get to see many barefooting women walk in with smelly and sweaty high arched feet.
I get to help them try on shoes. But they love when I pick them out for them. I love my job. I meet all kinds women. They are usually above the age of forty and middle aged or the elderly. Now that's my type.
These women were bbw and plus size mostly. But what I enjoyed was the Aroma of their feet. I felt like I was in a kitchen of professional chefs making great food. Smelling all the great food aromas at once. But this was no kitchen but a shoe store. Most importantly my auntie's shoe store.
I was social and loving it.
"Hi Dave. You look nice today, you been working out?'' Miss Smith would ask.
Other women would join the conversation. These women were mostly single, widowed or divorced.
Her name was Sandra Marcum. Rumor has it, when she was in her twenties, she left Georgia and went to new York to pursue a degree in science. She came back and worked in a lab. Now it was the millennium. She went back and learned about computers. Now she is back in the same lab and able to use computers.
She is now 67, single with a forty-eight year old daughter, Joyce who is also single. They walk in looking for shoes. I gravitate in their direction.
After seeing them a few times, they seem to enjoy my company. " David are you the only male that works here?"
"Oh yes." I respond. Knowing they both have narrow high arched feet size 9. I immediately got a hard on. Auntie allowed me to wear any clothing I wanted while the women were Required to wear professional garments.
I wore a long loose shirt, covering down to my knees. Boxer briefs, and over that cotton gym shorts. It was a hot summer. I sat the women down and did the usual routine.
Sat to the side of them. To Have perfect view of arches. Grab their legs and remove their sweaty shoes. Like my family, their feet stunk also. I couldn't help but sniff their gorgeous feet. The smell was intoxicating.
What I didn't know was that Sandra was also a therapist. Her daughter Joyce was a science teacher in middle school.
"Do you like high arched smelly feet, Dave? Don't worry we won't think badly of you!" They both said. Some women know about my foot fetishism and some don't. But these two women would discover it.
I froze but answered truthfully. "Yeah!" I stammered.
"Awwwww!" They cooed. My family wasn't around. Thank God. Then I felt their feet lower to my crotch. My pole got stiff immediately. They pressed upon it very hard. I started to close my eyes and breath heavily.
Then they were giving me a foot job. I started to hear, "you love high arched feet don't ya, Dave?"
"You can't resist high arched feet? They are so irresistible? They are sexy? beautiful, perfectly shaped?" And the taunting would continue in front of everyone. I was enjoying this humiliating act they were doing. My family was in the back getting shoes for customers. They did not see this happening. But my customers did. Now they know I have a foot Fetish.
"Yesssss. Yesssss!" I replied. "I can't resist them, especially on an older mature woman. I get turned on when I see women's high arches, especially in perfect poses! Shoes make them sexy and only they can look good in sexy shoes!"
They responded by saying, "I knew you would say yes! I've been watching you looking at our feet. Drooling at our arches. You seem submissive. You need a dominant woman in your life. And we love a young man. How about you come to our house in a month? Now I have a reason to shop here! Deal?"
"Yes, deal." I said.
"Good then it's a deal." They replied. They ended with me cumming on their feet. They bought their shoes and left after giving me their email, address, phone number etc.
The women told me that I wasn't sexy but handsome. Well I'm glad. They said, if I keep working here they wanna buy shoes only with my hands touching their stinky feet. They enjoyed seeing me work here and was the only reason they would shop here for shoes and no where else.
They became loyal and faithful customers to my aunt's shoe store. They walked to me and introduced themselves and hoped I will be able to service them each month.
I told them, "Of course!" Later that night, I was watching mom undress. seeing Her rest her crossed feet on her desk. I started masturbating. I repeat this every night. A few weeks pass and in walks grandma while I'm masturbating.
"Dave what are you doing?"
"Umm. Ummm..." I couldn't answer. I froze. Her curiosity led her to uncover my sheet. She pull down my boxers and sees my cock stiff. Out comes the sperm all on her face. It won't Stop shooting. Then in comes auntie Connie. She sees the whole thing. I was nervous.
"What's going on here?" Asked Connie.
"That's what I'm figuring out Connie!" Grandma said.
But grandma was overcome with lust. she hasn't had sex in over fifty years. Then she lowers her head and her mouth surrounds my cock. Her warm mouth swallows and she starts to give me a blow job. I start to buck in her rhythm. She kneels to the floor.
Auntie Connie is in shock, But also is overcome with lust. She sits down. Soon starts to reach down into her pussy and start to rub. Her huge pussy lips are wet. She begins to finger herself.
Grandma couldn't help herself and keeps sucking for a long time. Connie was breathing hard and closed her eyes.
Mom didn't see this. She must have fallen asleep.
I went from nervous and anxious to relaxed and comfortable. I loved the feeling of my grandma giving me head. Then she stopped.
"Why were you masturbating grandson?" she asked.
Auntie was still masturbating and didn't realize I was being interrogated.
"It's because I have a foot fetish grandma." I said coming clean.
"A foot fetish? What's that?" She asked.
"It means that a man loves and is attracted to women's feet, grandma." I replied.
"You are attracted to women's feet?" She asked.
"Yes."
"What makes feet attractive to you? What do you love about them?" she asked.
"It's not just any feet grandma. It's women with high arched feet."
"High arched feet? Tell me about that!"
So I asked her to sit on my bed and cross her legs. Then to point her foot forward. I explained not all women have these type of feet. Many women have false arches. And many have flat feet that can flex and look like high arched feet, especially in shoes. But to truly know if a woman has a high arched foot is to look at her foot barefoot and see if it can flex into a half circle, without any footwear giving her the appearance of a high arch.
Soon grandma was flexing her arches. Then she look down at my cock. She noticed it was erect. "This is what gives you an erection David?"
"Yes grandma and you, auntie, and mom all have high arched feet. I've been taking photos of all three of your feet before moving in. But only of your arches and nothing else. Then I'd put it on the internet. After that I needed to draw the arches for my masturbating practice rituals. Your arches keep me horny. I started to fall in love with all three of you because of your arches. So daily I fantasize about all three of you. wanting to have sex with all three of you. You three are irresistible because of your arches. what women don't know is its not the shape of your body that makes you sexy, a knockout etc. It's the shape of your feet that makes you sexy. If a woman's feet isn't high arched, she'll never be sexy no matter what shape she is in. America and the world, glorifies tall skinny women as beautiful. European beauty standards. But If the world judge beauty by my standards, women would never be depressed and worry if they are sexy based on looking like anorexic models. Instead of men judging beauty by European standard but instead by women with high arched feet many women would have better self esteem. But the world doesn't see it my way. But i do." I said.
"Wow, i never knew men loved feet. Especially high arched ones. I didn't know it can cause you erections. Our arches make you fantasize about us?" Grandma Linda asked.
"Yes of course. But i also love your big fleshy breasts, hips and thighs, making you thick in my opinion. Not fat or obese. It turns me on. I love hugging you to feel your huge breasts. Wanting to squeeze your juicy round ass. But my real fantasy is having sex with all three of you. I love sniffing your stinky feet."
"You mean our stinky feet don't bother you?" She asked.
"No, in fact thats why I love your feet even more. The stinkier the better. I love how strong it sweats and how dirty you keep your feet. I can't keep my eyes off your arches deep wrinkly soles because of it. Why do you think i pick out your shoes? Because your arches make sexy shoes look sexy which women with flat feet can never do. Women with high arched feet dont know how sexy they are. Ive always loved middle aged women. When im out helping women try out shoes, i get a hard on and masturbate later fantasizing about their intense arched feet. Wanting to be with them. Other women can't compare to your high arched feet. Its beauty, art, symmetric and the perfect shape. Like I said, its not about above the ankles shape that makes women sexy or attractive but below. It depends on her having high arches. And her knowing how sexy she is."
"Wow Dave. I never knew how strongly you felt bought us." Grandma Linda said.
"I love your huge labia pussy lips. I want to play with them." I said.
Right then, she pulled down her panties and juices flowed like a river current. She grabbed my head and pulled me into her womanhood. I played with her huge pussy lips, biting, licking, and sucking the juices for all she was worth.
"Fuck me!" she said. I got up. Then i lifted her to the wall. Fucked her brains out. We made love all night. Then i put her on the bed. Put her feet to my face. Sniffed her feet for all she was worth. Fucking her til she felt pleased.
She soon learned how to be dominant. I taught her how and we began our d/s relationship. We started to fuck everywhere. The back of the shoe store, in our homes, their cars, the woods. At our customers houses, and neighbors houses, their cars. In mom's and aunt's beds, closets etc.
Her arched feet made me submissive to her. She loved having a younger man. I kept up with her. We fell in love.
But she enjoyed the anal sex. She would bend over and let me plow into her behind. That was when mom and aunt came home. We thought they were going for tea. But they came back sooner than expected.
"What's going on?" Aunt Connie asked. Linda already informed them and other ladies about my foot fetish.
"We were just enjoying each other's company. Its been like this for months. A young man knowing how to treat a woman. An elderly woman. Ive not had sex in 44 years. His company showed me that this is how a Queen should be treated. By giving all attention to her feet. I made advances to him and he accepted. I know he is my grandson. But no man has ever tolerated my stinky feet nor ever showed any love nor complimented them. Since he is the only one to do so. I started to fall in love with Dave... He treats me just right. What woman would turn down a foot rub? What woman wouldn't want to have high arched feet? Ballet dancer's everyday keep trying to arch their feet. Either you are born with it or not. Either you have it or don't. He taught me to love my self and i indulge in all his fantasies. I started to love my feet. He teaches me how to please him. Just to know a man love my feet made me feel special. I even learn he loves to be dominated. He is very submissive. Ive never had a man treat me like this even when i turned 18. For the first time I enjoyed sex. Then i wanted more. More attention to my feet. I realized this is what i needed. Its been missing from my entire adulthood. And Dave is the only one to give it to me. I started to feel appreciated. And truly loved. Dave is the first man to truly know how to treat a woman. Then i wanted sex from him and only him. He is good at it. He is open minded. Since men only see beauty in flat feet women. Even Bob left me for one. One that was younger. Dave filled that whole in my life. I finally know what I was missing. It was Dave. He stares atour feet in hopes of seeing our sexy arches. I'll even share him with you two on one condition." Grandma Linda said.
"What condition is that?" They asked. Grandma Linda replied, "we learn as much as we can about foot fetish from him and you feel the same way as i do as i said earlier."
"Deal." They replied.
From then on i had all three women. I taught them how to pose their arches. I took pictures. I drew their feet like it was an art class. They did so without question.
I saved this for my collection. Then as i start masturbating in my room, in walks Grandma Linda. She starts watching me masturbate. I was so in to pleasing myself that I fantasized about her feet. But she decided to to make the experience better. She sat on my chest and smothered my face with her delicious wrinkled soles. I could see her arches.
"Sniff!" She commanded. I sniffed fo so long. Then she grabs my stiff member and starts to give me a hand job.
"Sniff!" She kept commanding. She was starting to really understand foot fetishists. Her feet stank assaulted my nostrils. Vinegary smell. She rubbed her rough dry feet all over my face.
The sweat glistened as it covered each inch of my face. Then she lifted one foot and her toes descended into my mouth. She forced me to suck her toes.
"Suck." she said. I sucked each toe. Then globs of goo shot out like water from a fire hydrant. In walks mom and aunt Connie.
Connie kneels down and starts to suck Me. She bobs her head up and down. Then when she is finished, mom Sheila repeated what aunt Connie did. Then they all get off.
I drifted off to sleep. Then woke up disoriented. Pounds of flesh descending down my stiff member. My limbs shackled. I was chained to the bed.
Then ones huge pussy lips grinding on my face. I sucked and sucked. Then I heard laughter.
Were there more women? Was i being humiliated? Then i had to sniff more feet. I was blind folded. Then i heard camera shots.
Whats going on? I suddenly heard grandma Linda reply, "dont worry grandson. Its just a little humiliation. We'll share pictures with all the women you know with high arched feet."
My fears were laid to rest. During that night grandma Linda wanted anal sex. She sat so she could get as much as she wanted from me. Me poping her in the ass. Then i got to sniff her feet for enjoyment.