CHAPTER 2: Pet on Board
By the following week, the plan was in place. They had learned that Heather was going to be out of town all weekend and John had cleared the plan with the other guys. They all agreed to adjust their schedules and share time with Cori so that Chad could have the full weekend. They didn't tell Chad anything until that Friday. Then, they sprung the surprise on him at lunch.
Cori brought in a cake and sang "Happy Birthday" to him, doing her best sexy voiced Marilyn Monroe impersonation. She actually got him to smile. Then, John put an envelope between her tits and she presented it to Chad. He pulled it out and the outside of the envelope said, "Present No. 1". The letter inside simply said: "We're sorry we forgot your birthday. To make it up to you, you want to give you three birthdays -- tonight, tomorrow and Sunday with Cori. If you call in sick on Monday, we understand."
Chad looked up, surprised and smiling. "I don't know what to say," he said. "Thanks, fellas."
"We're sorry, Chad," Ben said. "I don't know how we missed it. And don't be mad at Cori. She hated to break her vow but told us that we missed it and that it had upset you a little bit."
"That's all she told you?" Chad said.
"Yes," Ben said. "She hated saying that much. She didn't want to break our common trust. I told her I thought you would understand."
"Yeah," Chad said. He smiled at Cori, nodding. "I understand. Thanks, Cori. And guys, I'm sorry if I've been in a bad mood the last few weeks. It's no one here's fault. But this helps. Thank you."
"No problem," Ty said. "There is a Number 2 present, but Cori won't tell us what it is. I guess she'll tell you on the way."
"Speaking of which," Ben said. "Your present starts now. I'm letting you off early today. You two go have fun."
"If you want to come with me to my place, I will give you the other present and you can pick out what you want me to wear this weekend," Cori said.
Chad shook everyone's hand, then took Cori's and hurried out the door. Once they got to Cori's place, she presented him with his second present, handing him a large duffel bag.
"This is your other present," she smiled. "I'm really sorry about what happened between us and about forgetting your birthday. It must have felt like I didn't care about you at all. I hope to make it up to you this weekend."
"It's OK," Chad said. "I shouldn't have taken it so personally. I'm a grown man. I need to give you and everyone else the benefit of the doubt more often. This whole weekend thing -- it was your idea?"
"Everyone liked the idea," Cori said. "I hope you don't mind that I told them that I thought forgetting your birthday upset you. I didn't say a word about our date that night or anything else."
"I know you didn't," Chad said. "I trust you."
"Well, I trust you too," Cori smiled. "So that's why I got you all the stuff in that bag -- well, the guys all chipped in money, but they didn't know what I spent it on. I told them it was a secret."
Chad unzipped the duffel bag and found it stuffed with bondage and sex toys. Vibrators, dildos, ball gags, butt plugs, handcuffs, chains, straps, ropes, chokers, collars -- it was all there. He smiled.
"This mean what I think it means?" he said.
"Yes," Cori said. "No limits. I'm your toy all weekend. You can even gag me and bind me at the same time. No safe words. I trust you. I hope this will prove it."
"I'm not easy to convince," Chad grinned. "Might take a couple days."
"I hope so," Cori smiled back. Then, she led him to her closet -- her place was small, but the guys had built her a massive walk-in closet to hold all her special outfits. "Would you like to choose my attire for the weekend, master?"
"Yes, I would, slave," he said. "Go gather anything else you need while I do this."
Cori was nervous but happy. Chad seemed excited about the weekend -- she just hoped he wasn't too excited. This would either be a very fun weekend and a great way for them to bond, no pun intended she laughed to herself, or it would expose any differences that might drive a permanent wedge between them. Her goal was the former and she was going to be optimistic. She gathered up some personal items, makeup and the like and put them in a bag next to the bag of sex toys. Chad already had a stack of clothes on the bed. She smiled and grabbed a large suitcase, filling it with the clothes and shoes he had selected.
"Put this on," Chad said. He held up a sexy little outfit that she hadn't even worn yet -- it had just come in a shipment of clothes the guys had ordered recently. They each got to make some selections and Cori remembered that Chad had picked this outfit out specifically.
It was a tiger print micro bikini, bright orange with black stripes. It came with a headband that featured matching cat ears and elbow length fingerless gloves.
"Purr-fect choice," she smiled, enjoying her little joke. There was no need for modesty, so Cori stripped down and put on the bikini while he watched. The guys ordered all her clothes a couple sizes smaller than what her shapely body demanded. They enjoyed seeing her breasts and ass spilling out of her skimpy clothes. This bikini, which would have covered precious little even in the right size, was way too small, which made it just right.
The panels were designed to cover the middle half of her breasts, with ample side boobs coming out both sides. That's if it was the correct size. The undersized suit covered about a quarter of each breast and Cori carefully positioned them to make sure her nipples were covered if nothing else. The bikini top looked like tiny orange and black triangles in a sea of tits.
The bikini bottom was no less revealing. The v-shaped patch of cloth covered less than half her bare pussy mound. The straps clung tightly to her hips and dipped between her ass cheeks, drawing the fabric tight against her pussy. Try as she might to spread the material to cover herself, the bikini, like any hard dick, seemed determined to snuggle between her pussy lips, leaving her pink fleshy folds mostly exposed.
Also exposed to Chad as she got dressed was the end of the butt plug she had stuck in her ass. She couldn't hide it and didn't try.
"What's that for, naughty girl?" he asked.
"Just wanted to make sure every hole was ready for you, master," she said. "You're options are limitless."
Next, she put on the pair of black thigh-high stockings and thigh-high black fuck-me boots. Then, she put on the cat ears and a black choker that had little bells in the front, making it look and sound like a cat collar.
"Fuck, that's hot," he said when she was done.
"You like how your pussy looks?" she asked.
"Yes, cute little pussy cat," he said. "My pet."
"Your fuck pet," Cori corrected him. "Master."
"That's right," he grinned, lust in his voice and eyes. "Fuck pet. Cum bucket. Slutty little fuck toy."
"Guilty as charged," Cori smiled.
They loaded the bags in the back of Chad's truck and drove off toward his house. Chad's cock was already hard inside his jeans. He couldn't take his eyes off her as they drove. He drove with one hand on the wheel and one eye on the road. The other eye was focused on her and the other hand was touching her thighs, squeezing her breasts, tugging at her little outfit.
"Good thing you live close, huh, master?" Cori teased as they left the town limits and veered off onto the small country roads.
"Fuck this," he said. "I can't wait."
Chad swerved onto a narrow dirt road. He knew it well. It was a little path that led only to an old abandoned farmhouse. There was a pond behind it that he fished on sometimes. There was almost never anyone around.
He brought the truck to a halt at the side of the road and pulled Cori out of the cab. He pushed her onto the hood and pushed her bikini out of the way -- top panels off her nipples, bottom panel to the side of her pussy -- as he pulled out his cock.
He was hard and she was wet. He was inside her in a second, her velvety pussy sliding over his cock as she wrapped her boots around his waist. He put her hands on her tits, pushing her down while he used them as handles, thrusting into her. She was sliding up and down the hood of his car, the heat of the engine no match for the heat of her pussy as she reacted to his sheer lust and powerful pounding.
She didn't know the seclusion of this area like Chad did, so she expected a car to come by at any moment. It was both scary and exciting, being out in the open, exposed, being fucked in the open air. She was about to cum and Chad sensed it.
"Not yet, fuck pet," Chad chided. "You have to earn it. Looking hot isn't enough."
He pulled out of her and flipped her roughly onto her stomach. He let her slide down until her boots were on the ground. He bent her over, pressing her chest and face against the hood as he removed her butt plug. Her asshole gaped for him and he popped his wet cock right inside, thrusting all the way in. He pushed the butt plug into her mouth, forcing her to suck on it as he fucked her tight little asshole.
Cori could feel his lust and desire with every deep, powerful stroke. The man needed this so badly. She wanted to cum, but this was his time. Hers would come later. She gave into him fully, relaxing her body, letting him take her. She was getting tossed around like a rag doll, his cock doing most of the damage. He wasn't hurting her, but he was truly fucking the shit out of her.
She felt his cock throbbing and heard him groaning. She felt him grow tense, then release. Waves of cum spurted inside her ass, warm and wet and delightful in its own way. She waited until he finally relaxed and pulled out. She didn't hesitate. She stood up, turned around and knelt down, taking the butt plug out of her mouth and replacing it with his softening cock. She licked and sucked on him until he was clean, his last drops of cum sliding down her throat. She didn't stop until he told her. That was her role. Finish the job. Every time.
"Well done, slut," Chad grinned, pulling her to her feet by the cat collar.
"Thank you, master," Cori said.
"Get in," he said. "We need to do something before we go to my house."
Cori climbed in, wondering what he had in mind now.
"Think your friends would be willing to do a little favor for us?" Chad asked. He was referring to Tammy and Gina, Cori's friends who often covered for her at the Shop when her duties took her away from the desk. They were attractive young women who understood and supported Cori's role at the shop, but they did not participate in it. Until now.
"Probably," Cori said. "What do you need them to do?"
"Give hand jobs to each of the guys," he said. "That's all they have to do. No fucking or sucking. Just jerk them off. Tell them it's a thank you from me to the guys. And have them collect the cum without the guys knowing why. There are some small Tupperware containers in the kitchen. They can use those."
Cori called and reached Gina. She explained what she needed and, after a little coaxing and promise of some concert tickets from Chad, both her friends agreed.
"Good," Chad said. "Tell them we'll be there in an hour to pick up the containers. Make sure they label each one."
Cori relayed the information. They drove back toward town, but that wasn't going to take nearly an hour. Cori didn't ask where they were going. It wasn't the place of a submissive pussy cat to ask such things.
There was a small adult store near the edge of town. Chad pulled into the lot. Cori couldn't imagine what other toys or outfits they could possibly need. But there were only two places in town she could wear this outfit and not look ridiculously out of place -- here and the Body Shop. They walked in and greeted the clerk, Ted.
"Looks like you two are ready for some fun," Ted said. "You look amazing, Cori."
"Thank you, Ted," Cori smiled. "We always have fun. How are you?"
"Doing well," Ted said. "Can I help you guys find something?"
"Yeah," Chad said. "I need to get some lube and body oil."
"Sure thing," Ted said. "I think Cori bought just about everything else we have in the store the other day, didn't you?"
"Just about," Cori giggled. "Don't judge me, Ted."
"Never," Ted said. "I wholeheartedly approve!"
"Which lube do you think is best?" Chad asked, holding up two tubes.
"Everyone has a preference," Ted said. "I've got a couple sample tubes if you'd like to try them."
"Good idea," Chad said. "Cori, why don't you try them and then use whichever one is your favorite to thank Ted for his help with the bag full toys you bought."
"Yes, sir," Cori grinned. She squeezed a bit of lube on her hands, then knelt down in front of Ted. "May I?"
Ted looked at Chad and, seeing that Chad was indeed serious about this, nodded down at Cori. "Hell, yes," he said. "Chad, would you mind locking that door and flipping the sign that says I'm out to lunch?"
"You got it," Chad said.
Ted unzipped his pants and let them drop to his ankles, pulling out his thick, fat cock. Cori smiled and touched it with her oily, glove-covered hands, stroking him gently, rapidly bringing his cock to life. She stroked faster as he got harder, working her soft but strong hands up and down his shaft, rubbing her fingers along the underside of his cock. She teased the head with her fingernails, scraping them gently across the tip. She cupped his balls and teased them with her nails too, making them churn inside his sack.
A bubble of pre-cum emerged from the head of his cock. Cori looked up at him, "are these lubes edible?"
"Of course," Ted said, hoping she meant what he thought she meant.
"Which one tastes better?" Chad asked.
"One way to find out, right?" Cori said.
"That's right," Chad nodded. "Do what you were born to do, my little slut."
Cori's lips were around Ted's cock before Chad even said the words "little slut". She sucked out that first drop of pre-cum and teased the opening, searching for more. Then she opened her mouth wider and bobbed down on his cock, keeping her tongue along the underside as she pulled him in. She pulled back up slowly, letting the cock fall out of her mouth as she licked her lips.
"Yum," she said. "That's delicious. The lube tastes pretty good too!"
They laughed at her joke as she wiped the oil from Ted's cock, then squirted some of the other in her hands. This one said it was cherry flavored, the other was strawberry. She coated his dick and balls with it, then took him back in her mouth, swallowing more pre-cum.
"The best part is the pre-cum," she said, smacking her lips. "But this is the best lube, too. They are both good though. Can we get both?"
"Of course," Chad said. "But you're not going to leave our friend in this state, are you? The best tasting part is still the cum, isn't it?"
"Mmm hmm," Cori said. "Sure is. Will you give it to me, please, Ted?"
"Fuck, is she always like this?" Ted asked Chad.
"Always," Chad nodded. "I think she likes it as much as I do."
"Damn," Ted said. "Yes, of course I will give it to you. Just suck me good."
"I was born to suck cock," Cori smiled, glancing at Chad. "My master says so."
"Your master is smart man," Ted said. "Prove him right."
Cori did just that, slurping and sucking on his thick shaft, swallowing the sweet lube and drops of pre-cum with every bob of her head. Ted put his hands on the back of her head and pumped deep into her throat as Cori's incredible tongue lapped at his balls.
"Fucking amazing," Ted mumbled. "I'm not going to last much longer. Can I cum in her mouth and watch her swallow it?"
"Of course," Chad said. "Want me to get it on video for you?"
"Fuck yes," Ted said.
Chad launched the video on Ted's phone and recorded as Ted pumped his cock at Cori's beautiful face, her eyes locked on Ted, her tongue out, ready to catch every drop. Ted controlled his aim, expertly directing the jets of white hot cum onto her tongue and into her mouth. Cori collected it all, waiting patiently for him to finish. Then, she looked right at the Ted's phone, waited for Chad's signal, showed the wad of cum in her mouth and swallowed it with a smile and a lick of her lips. Then, as she always did for her co-workers, she sucked Ted's cock clean, working any final drops out of him as he slowly softened.
"That's an award-winning blowjob," Ted nodded as he pulled his pants up.
"They all are," Chad laughed. "Well, she seems to like both flavors, so we'll take both. You got a large bottle?"
"Got some industrial size in the back," Ted grinned. "Like you'd get at Costco or something. Looks like a lifetime supply to me. Never figured anyone would be able to use all of it. But damn, you're going to have a lot of fun trying."
"I'll take both of them," Chad said.
"They're on the house," Ted said.
"No," Chad said, waving his hand. "You helped with all those other toys. The blowjob was a thank you for that. I'll pay for these."
"Tell you what," Ted said. "How about you buy one and I'll give the other one for free?"
"Deal," Chad said. "Hey, if Cori sucks your cock every time we come in, can we get a 50 percent discount all the time?"
"Deal," Ted said. "Definitely."
Ted and Chad loaded the giant bottles of lube in the truck and Chad and Cori headed on to the Shop, ready to collect even more cum.
"Either that stuff tasted really good or you are really ready to suck some cock," Chad laughed.
"Yes, master," Cori said. "For some reason I'm really horny today."
"Cum-hungry little slut," Chad said. "See, this is the true you. You're role playing when you're a sexy confident tease. This, submissive, horny, desperate to please, needing to be used, this is the REAL Cori. I knew it all along. It's about time we found the real you. Fuck, if I had known you were going to suck cock like that, I would have had you blow the whole Shop today."
"Yes, master," Cori said. "I do feel different today. I'm not sure why."
"It's because you're being honest to yourself," Chad said. He was on a roll now, believing his own words. "You're being the cock-sucking, submissive little whore you were born to be. This weekend is your awakening. I'm going to train you, bring it out of you until you won't be able to deny who you are any longer. You worship cock and live for cum. And it all starts today."
"I like that, master," Cori said, only half playing along. She really was feeling different, but very much herself. It didn't make sense. Maybe Chad was right. She had always been submissive, but it was always in a playful, cock-in-cheek sort of way, if you will. This was different. It was more serious, but also more real. Being Chad's servant, his sex toy for the weekend sounded bad in only one way -- that it was only for the weekend. Cori shook her head, trying to clear her thoughts. This was all so crazy.
They got to the Shop and Cori was her usual self, at least outwardly. She smiled brightly and hugged her friends and kissed her co-workers, all of whom thanked Chad for the odd but welcomed gift of handjobs from Cori's friends.
"I'm thinking we need to add them to the staff full time," Ben said, smiling.
"We should!" Cori beamed. But Tammy and Gina politely declined. They were happy to help out -- lend a hand, literally, when needed -- but giving a hand job in a closed room and walking around the office barely dressed and fucking co-workers day and night was a whole different level. They didn't judge Cori -- in fact, they respected and admired her. But living her life was a bit too extreme for them.
Cori asked the girls to join her in the bathroom and there, Gina and Tammy gave her three different containers, each labeled with the name of the man's cum inside.
"What are you going to do with that?" Gina asked.
"I have no idea," Cori said. "But Chad insisted on it. I guess I'll find out soon. Thank you so much for doing it."
"No problem," Tammy said. "I have to ask, Ty's cock -- do you, you know?"
"All the way, every hole," Cori smiled. "Used to hurt like hell. Still does when he fucks me in the ass and he makes my eyes water when he shoves it down my throat. But I take every inch. Every time."
"That's impressive," Tammy said. "I think it would kill me but I would die happy."
They all laughed and Cori tucked the containers in a small tote bag. She said goodbye to everyone and left with Chad for their weekend of dominance, role-playing, humiliation, bondage -- whatever decadence Chad had in mind to test Cori's will and body.
She didn't have to wait long for things to intensify. They drove around the corner and Chad pulled behind an old warehouse. "Get in the back of the truck," he said. Cori didn't know what was going on, but she got out of the cab and climbed carefully into the bed of the truck. Chad joined her there and she assumed he wanted to fuck her again. He had her remove her bikini bottoms and top along with the stockings and boots. She was nude except for her choker, gloves and cat ears. She felt exposed and vulnerable and was relieved when he told her to lay down in the bed of the truck. She assumed he would fuck her like this. There was no one around and the truck would mostly conceal them.
But that was not Chad's plan.
He had bungee cords in the back of his truck for securing things that he hauled. He wrapped one of these around her wrists, binding them together and putting the hook through one of the rings built into the side of the truck bed. With her gloves on, the cords didn't hurt too much nor dig into her flesh. He had her lay flat with her bound wrists over her head. Then, he attached separate bungees to each ankle and pulled her legs apart, tightening the bungees and hooking them to the sides of the truck bed.
He took the stockings and wrapped them each one separately around the base of her breast, tying them tightly to make her breasts pop out like balloons atop her chest. He had some rope in the back of the truck as well and, with a devilish look in his eye, tied it on each side of the truck bed so that it stretched across, taut, a few inches above the bed of the truck. He put it at just the right height so that it touched her hardened nipples. Any bounces along the way would make those sensitive nipples rub across the coarse rope.
"This is going to be a fun ride, you little bitch," he grinned.
Cori's eyes were wide, but it was much anticipation as it was fear. He stuffed her bikini bottoms in her mouth and pulled a dildo and vibrator out of the bag of toys. He forced the big dildo into her ass. He turned the vibrator on and stuffed it in her pussy.
"Naked in public, tied up and every hole stuffed," Chad laughed. "It's your dream come true." He took a couple of pictures as he admired his work. He pinched her nipples and jiggled the rope, making sure it would rub across her tits. He fingered her clit while the vibrator buzzed away happily and he smiled as the juices flowed from her pussy.
"I'll do my best to avoid pulling up next to any big trucks and to make it a smooth ride for you," Chad smiled. "But I can't make any promises. You'll cum on the spot if someone sees you like this, won't you?"
Cori couldn't respond, but her eyes fluttered and she almost came just at the thought of being seen like this. Chad left for a minute and Cori wondered where he went. A few minutes later he came back with a piece of cardboard fished out of a dumpster. He had a marker in the truck and scrawled on it "Submissive, willing slut on board." His version of a "Baby on Board" sign. He showed it to her, took her picture with it, then put it in the back window of the truck.
"That should keep anyone from calling the cops," he laughed. "Hmm, but I better take that gag out of your mouth. Anyone pulls up and asks if you're OK, you let them know you are, right?"
"Of course, master," Cori said after he pulled her bikini bottoms out of her mouth.
Chad put the bag of sex toys in the truck cab and one of the jugs of lube. Then, he grinned and opened the other. "We have plenty, let's see what this looks like," he said.
He jumped in the back of the truck and started pouring the oil on her prone, tied body. He spilled it slowly across her belly, tits and legs, making her tanned skin glisten invitingly.
"Damn, that's definitely picture worthy," he said, taking out his phone and snapping a few more photos, including close-ups of her oiled breasts with her hard nipples just touching the taut piece of rope suspended above her.
"You ready for this, my pet?" he asked.
"Yes, master," Cori said, not sure if she was ready at all. It was all overwhelming. Tied, exposed, covered in oil, her nipples being tormented, her pussy responding to the humming vibrator, her ass stuffed with a huge dildo. Pain, pleasure, excitement and fear all coursed through her. She was thankful to be helpless, in a way, because even if she could move, she wasn't sure if she wanted to.
"I'm going to set a world record for the number of times I fuck you this weekend," Chad said. Then he hopped out of the back of the truck and climbed behind the wheel. He pulled slowly onto the road, looking back through the window at his prone pet. Suddenly he hit the brakes, cursing himself for almost missing this opportunity.
He grabbed the GoPro camera out of this glove compartment and climbed in with Cori once again. "This is going to make a hell of a movie," he said. "Smile for the camera. And cum too, if you want."
He mounted the camera on one of the wheel wells, pointing it down at a slight angle so it would get a nice shot of her tits and face.
Moments later they were driving down the road. Chad was barely able to concentrate and nearly ran a red light. He slammed on the brakes and looked back to see Cori's tits wobbling, her nipples rubbing back and forth across the rope. Then, another pick up pulled alongside.
"Here we go," Chad thought.
"Oh no," Cori thought. She had hoped no one with an elevated view would pass them. Or had she? Regardless, this small southern town was full of pickup trucks and SUVs. The likelihood of going through town without being seen was miniscule.
The truck stopped short of pulling even with Chad's window. There were two men in the cab. And they had naturally spotted Chad's precious cargo.
"Holy shit," the one on the passenger side said. "Hey, are you OK?"
"Yes, sir," Cori said, forcing a smile. "It's all OK. We're role playing. I promise, I'm fine. Horny as fuck, but I'm fine."
"Fuck, I'm horny now too," the guy said. Naturally he was taking pictures.
"Take as many as you want," Chad called back to them. "I know this looks bad but it's just something we wanted to try. We're from the Hard Body Shop and you can get a shot of my license plate and take my picture too. You won't need to report this, but if something bad happens, you'll have evidence and can send help. I swear I'm not kidnapping or raping her."
"I believe you," the man said. "I mean, I don't believe this, but I believe you. She doesn't look like she wants to be anywhere else. In fact, I think she's having an orgasm."
They were right. The sheer absurdity of her situation and the constant stimulation of her body had brought Cori to a fast and powerful orgasm. Her pussy spasmed and creamed around the unrelenting vibrator. She cried out, "Yes, yes, I'm cumming. Fuck yes!"
"Dude, you're the luckiest man in the world," the guy said.
"Don't I know it," Chad said. The light turned green and he waved and moved ahead.
Chad loved that Cori had been spotted and that the attention had made her cum, but he decided that he didn't want to push his luck on an altercation. Lots of religious and conservative folks around this small town wouldn't see the fun in what they were doing. He didn't care a lot about what other people thought, but he also didn't want trouble for himself, Cori or the Shop. Plus, he had a little slut in the back that was at his mercy and more primed than ever for a good fuck.
He turned on a side road and quickly got out of town and onto the back roads where they would be relatively safe from detection. This route came with the extra benefit of being a windy, bumpy road. He knew that would be all kinds of naughty fun for his passenger.
Cori's hard little body was tossed around, her stuffed holes aching but happy. Her tits slapped repeatedly against the coarse rope, rubbing her nipples raw in spots and leaving red marks on her beautiful round breasts. Tied tightly at the base, they were massive balloons ready to be popped.
Chad was hard as he glanced back at her and did his best to hit every pot hole and bump in the road along the way home. She cried out but he wasn't sure if it was pleasure or pain. He guessed some of both.
He whipped into his gravel driveway and came to a halt. He jumped out of the truck, lowered the tailgate and released her bonds. He stuffed the bikini bottoms back in her mouth, pulled her roughly toward him and pulled out her vibrator and dildo. He threw oil slicked legs over his shoulders and drove his cock into her sauna-hot pussy.
"Had a nice orgasm, didn't you?" he taunted. "Liked being tied up and on display, a little cunt being shown off for all to see, didn't you?"
"Yes, master," Cori said, mumbled through the bikini bottoms. She was sliding back and forth in the truck as he pounded into her. She could hear birds chirping, insects chattering and his cock and balls slapping wetly into her, over and over, harder and deeper and faster. He grabbed her breasts, still bound at the base and hypersensitive. She came again and he laughed as he plowed into her creaming pussy.
"You are naughtier and kinkier than you ever realized," he said. "You get off on this as much as I do. You need to be used, exposed. And I need to cum."
He pulled out and sprayed cum across her belly and tits, then climbed into the truck and replaced her gag with his cock. She cleaned him, then sat up and, upon his orders, cleaned her belly and tits, scooping his cum into her mouth and swallowing it along with the sweet, berry-flavored oils covering her tight young body.
****