AS Submitted OG
Author's notes:
●All characters in this story are at least 18 years of age
●This is my first ever story submission. It's planned as an ongoing story with at least 5 chapters
●If you have positive or negative criticism/comments, let me know.
●If you like it, and are looking forward to chapter 02, please leave a comment as this will give me more motivation. Enjoy!
● Originally some of the characters in this chapter had different names. That was changed in an edit.
***
Chapter 1: "There's Just One Problem"
When I came out around the end of high school, I was met with a predictable amount of hostility--and support--at first. But once the dust had settled, I was faced with indifference. People really didn't care about other people's shit; especially by Grade 12 (which I'll try to call "senior year" from now for the non-Canadians).
But every so often I'd experience something that was neither hostility, nor support, nor indifference:curiosity. Especially from straight guys. They really wanted to know about the mechanics of gay sex, and often when they would ask me about it, it felt very much like flirting. It usually didn't go anywhere, but often enough it did. It never lasted though.
I was far from the only out gay kid at my school of over 2,000 people, but I tended to be withdrawn. I had friends--nerdy, arty types mostly--but I didn't go out of my way to form community. And despite having secret hookups with a number of other senior guys, I wasn't at all "dating". It made me a good 'dirty little secret' for some of the more curious or closeted guys.
A few months after my coming out, very close to the end of senior year, I started getting invited to hang out with a group of loveable jock types that had been very close buds since the beginning of high school: Danny, Eric, and Josh. Danny and Eric went back even further. They knew each other since elementary school.
The first time we hung out was after a school thing. An impromptu sort of thing. It was a basketball game. I didn't normally go to school events, especially not sports-related ones, but I was hooking up with a guy from the team and I thought this show of support might help make him feel more seriously about what we could be. The boys were there, and Danny struck up a conversation with me. He invited me to hang out with them after the game. They were going to drive to a nearby field and drink. They had beer for me, too.
Danny, Josh, and I drank, while all four of us including Eric sat in the grass, chatting. Danny declared we were playingNever Ever Have I Ever, or whatever the hell that game is called. You know the one: take a swig of booze if you have done the thing. Eric would take a swig of water, since he was driving.
Right off the bat Danny threw out a sexual one.
"Never ever have I ever..." he paused for a moment, looking around coyly, "gotten my dick sucked at school."
With that, he took a big sloppy swig of his beer. A stream rushed down his sharp jaw and along his neck as he guzzled from the bottle. I watched the trickle disappear into some spines of hair coming out of the top opening of his v-neck. He wiped his lips, most unsubtly.
Maintaining eye contact with him, and glancing over at Josh and Eric, who hadn't drank, I raised the bottle to my own lips and was about to take a big swig myself when I paused for a moment, saying "wait" out loud, as I thought to myself,have I actually gotten my dick sucked at school or only sucked other dicks at school?
I had done both, and with that realization proceeded to gulp down some beer.
"Dude who sucked your dick at school?" Eric asked Danny.
Before Danny could answer, Josh cut in.
"I'm more curious about who sucked off Moh over here," then turning in an aside to Eric added, "Danny was Marlene, and probably Jess and Ashley, too."
"Yes, yes... no, butalmost..." Danny said, raising an eyebrow before continuing, "and I'm also way more curious about who's been suckingyourdick, Moh."
Danny enthusiastically reached over and gently cupped my junk through my shorts, he didn't grip it much but I did feel him press up a bit against my balls and shaft, and it felt nice. I reflexively kind of thrust upwards to mash my meat against his hand. I gently pressed and did a little swirl while he, in turn, squeezed more firmly to make my cock palpably throb in his hand.
And then it was over. It lasted no more than two seconds, but my head swirled, and my heart raced and my cock--of course--continued to throb. While the other guysdidsee Danny grab my crotch area, I don't think they noticed just how much contact we made. They still looked at me expecting an answer.
"Look guys, I can't tell you who's been sucking my dick or whose dicks I've been sucking."
"Oh come on,Itoldyou." Danny objected.
"It's a bit different for me." I thought about how to proceed. I explained that I didn't want to be no fun, that I was happy to play the game and fill them in on all sorts of scandalous details about myself, but I also wasn't gonnaoutpeople that they actually knew.
"I know that all sounds boring, but think about it this way. If I ever suck any--orall--of your dicks, you can rest assured that I would never tell anyone."
They all smiled and chuckled at that, accepting my explanation. But Danny's smile lingered and looked a lot more lustful than the others. For the rest of the night I could feel his hungry eyes on me. Especially on my ass, which admittedly looked pretty great in the shorts I was wearing.
***
I hung out pretty regularly with Danny after that. He'd come to the park near my house and we'd smoke weed together. Or we'd drive around in his expensive-but-still-sensible European car.Audi, I think? I wasn't a car guy. Occasionally Eric or Josh were with him. But the next time all four of us hung out was about three weeks after the first, on a Saturday night at Danny's house.
It was during finals before school was officially finished, but classes were over. There was a sense of absolute freedom, aside from one easy-as-fuck exam, prom, and a graduation ceremony I was completely, one-hundred-percent, done with high school. I was weirdly excited to hang out with people that I went to high school with, but really hadn't hung out with then. I wanted to be sexual around these guys, I felt like something could happen, at least with Danny. And I felt like it was easier to be that way because they were new to my life, and after prom and graduation, it would be very easy to never see any of them again. I felt like they may have been counting on this too, at least Danny.
I got off the city bus pretty solidly in the suburbs. The evening breeze carried the smell of looming summer. The air was crisp, not cold.Fresh. A blue-orange gradient stretched across the sky, broken apart by a smattering of ivory-coloured fluff, glowing in the evening sun.
Danny's house was about a fifteen to twenty minute walk from there. If I had come earlier they could have driven me, but they had started drinking around 4 PM, the moment Danny's parents left for Italy, and so no one could safely drive me. Considering how cavalier many of the kids in our school were about drunk driving, I appreciated that. But as I walked, it dawned on me that I hadn't planned how to get home. A cab would be expensive as fuck, no one could drive me, and the last bus out of this neighbourhood was probably in less than three hours.
I could maybe sleep over, I knew Eric and Josh were, but I hadn't planned on it. Josh had been doing sleepovers at Danny's since they were all 14. Eric, who met Danny in grade school, had probably slept at his house once a month since he was 10.
I felt like a bit of an outsider. And it had occurred to me that Danny invited me to "come over". He didn't invite me to "stay" or "sleep" over, in his text to me.
As I approached the house my feelings of outsiderness grew and loomed more heavily than ever: this place was a goddamned palace. It wasn't like an L.A. celebrity home, but it was a regal, fully detached brick home with a manicured lawn and elaborate landscaping. The backyard was surrounded by a tall wrought iron fence mostly obscured by a thick hedge.
The driveway was a full roundabout with a wide mouth leading into the street. In the centre was a stone bench surrounded by flowers and bushes. This house was not the kind of house I was used to going to. And as much as I wanted to get sexual with Danny, the thought of staying over filled me with a weird despair; a pit in stomach. I associated rich people's homes with bad things.
As a child of not-wealthy immigrants, I was used to rich-people homes being places where I either embarrassed myself (and family), or places where I sat perfectly still while I tried to pretend I was somewhere else.
I walked up to the door, heavy and wooden, inlaid with angled glass pieced together between metal. I rang the bell, and peered through the glass. It looked like the there wasn't much activity on the ground floor of the house. The lights were low, but I could make out that the front door led into an open vestibule which let out into an open living and kitchen area.
As I waited for about thirty seconds my heart began to race, I pondered ringing the bell again. All of a sudden, I felt like I had to pee and didn't want to be here. I don't know why I felt so nervous, but all I could think about was just darting off into the evening light. I tried to steady my shaky hands as I saw a warped figure shift along the glass as it grew larger. Danny open the door and greeted me with a huge smile on his face.
"Hey, we've been waiting for you." He said giving me a quick hug and ushering me in.
I instantly chilled out. I let out a sigh of relief and melted into an almost calm state. I admired the way he smiled at me, his pearly whites beaming against the backdrop of his sharp cheekbones. He was so manly. His shaved, dark hair, and prominent nose gave him a much older look than the rest of us. In his quick hug I caught the whiff of his antiperspirant and maybe his soap.
It was nice. Nicer still was briefly having his arms and chest pressing into mine. He was firm, shapely, his chest broad. He was wearing a plain white t-shirt that was thin enough to be transparent and blue plaid pyjama bottoms. He was dressed for bed already, at 8pm.
"I'd offer to take your stuff, but you didn't bring a bag." He observed, almost as a question. "Are you not sleeping over?" He looked a little upset.
So he did want me to sleep over.I thought to myself.
"Oh. I didn't realize I was invited to..." I trailed off, mumbling.
"No worries, but none of the guys can drive, and the last bus is at 11:00. Maybe if you stay, we can find you a toothbrush and some clothes to sleep in. I'm sure we have extra."
I chilled out some more as he led me into the house. The inside of the house was as opulent as the outside, albeit lest tasteful. It was full of stuff. Lamps, paintings, tables, vases, sculptures, some plants and flowers too. It was a largely open floor, aside from a bathroom and a closed off dining room but because of all the stuff it felt very separate and closed. It was made up of a kitchen and three rooms that most people would call living rooms, though maybe not if they had three of them. Then they would probably call them a salon, solarium, and den or nook. Either way, Danny's wealthy Italian heritage really came across in this home.
He led me downstairs where Josh and Eric were playing XBox on the huge TV. The couch was a giant modular sectional that spanned most of the room. There was ample space and two free corners, but Eric and Josh both gravitated to the centre. There was a sense of at home-ness from both of them, I could tell.
I awkwardly chatted for a while and settled in. We drank, smoked some weed, played some XBox and PlayStation, hung out in the downstairs den, the patio, the kitchen. A lot of what we talked about was sex related, but a lot of it wasn't. A lot of it was just catching up with friends.
We passed a few hours that way and while the house was still so alien to me, I watched how Josh, Danny, and Eric all seemed so at home here. Josh and Eric knew every drawer and cupboard in the kitchen like it was their own. I was increasingly happy to be here, amongst these friends, but I still felt how different I was. When they looked at the photographs on the wall they knew everyone in them, while I hadn't even met Danny's parents.
We were back chilling on the couch downstairs. After a particularly big bong rip, Danny turned away from us and yanked down the back of his pyjamas, showing us his remarkably smooth, muscular, white ass. I must have been salivating as my eyes lingered on those meaty haunches. Josh and Eric hooted and hollered in admiration of their best buddy's shapely derrière.
Danny's right buttcheek jiggled as he gave it a hearty smack, exclaiming, "I'll betyoulike this, Moh!"
He was right, Idid, but I just sat there biting my lip. It was the first time he had addressed my gayness this directly, in this way, by showing off his sexy body. He wiggled his bare butt a bit more before doing a 180°.
His boxer briefs were still pulled up in the front. His trim pubic bush led into his equally trim trail abdominal hair. I saw the outline of his semi as it bounced up and down in the fabric of his undies. He cupped it with his hands and gently firmed in his grip until I could see it perfectly formed under the tight fabric.
"Or do you prefer this?" He asked, as he squeezed the bulging fabric housing his big flaccid dick.
This was a decisive moment. I felt a rush of energy wash over me. It was enlivening and debilitating. I felt I had to choose my words carefully, but I most definitely could not be timid.
"Well..." I started. "I've seen your ass now, and it's awesome, a really great ass. Ten on ten. And your dick looks okay through the briefs but I technically haven't seen it yet, so I can't really compare it honestly."
A huge grin formed across his face. He bit his lower lip, his pearly white pressing into his rosy lip as he lifted the front of his t-shirt up to his ripped chest and slowly lowered the front of his bower-briefs, maintaining complete eye contact with me the whole time.
With the absolute quickest of glances I looked over at Josh and Eric, who seemed expectant, but not nearly as excited as I was. He held the waistband for a moment, just above his cock. I took the moment to soak in his fit, hairy body--that he obviously grooms very well--while I wondered if he wasreallygonna show me his cock.
One anticipation filled second after I had the thought, he yanked the waistband way down. His plump, uncut cock jiggled and swayed. The head was completely concealed by the foreskin in its flaccid state, but I immediately noted that he is, indeed, a shower. Perhaps a grower, too. My eyes remained completely fixed on it for every second it was exposed. I thought of gripping onto those fleshy asscheeks and filling my mouth with his cock, right then and there.
And then it was gone. His ass, too, as he brought his waistband all the way up and let his shirt drop down.
"Well?" He asked.
"'Well', what?" I replied.
"Do you like my ass, or do you like my dick more? I believe that was the order of the questions, then you demanded to see my dick, and you know the rest."
His flat matter-of-fact, deadpan delivery was betrayed by his unmistakable smile and once again, my frantic nerves were set at ease by his good nature.
"I wouldn't say Idemanded." I protested.
"You demanded," He replied. "Now answer."
"Oh I mean honestly it's hard because you have a, like, a fucking amazing, amazing fucking ass, as I said--I could eat it for days," His eyes perked up as I said this. "But that dick looks pretty fucking meaty, and I'll bet when it's hard it is nice and..."
Rather than attempt to finish the sentence I made a hand and mouth gesture accompanied by a "mmm" noise.
"So, it's really hard to say. I hope it's not a cop-out to say that I love your dick and your ass, and, if given the opportunity, I would worship them from dusk till dawn."
"Okay..." he said, nodding and not betraying any emotion, "It's definitely hard to call that a cop-out answer"
My face tingled, as I looked away, a bit embarrassed by my forwardness.
"His dickisreally big when it's hard." Josh said, paving over the awkwardness I was feeling, allowing me to continue.
"Also, I have to ask," I started. "Your ass is really smooth, likereally smooth,considering you're a hairy guy and--"
"I've been getting my back and ass waxed professionally ever since I turned eighteen. The front I trim myself" He interjected, anticipating my question before I could even ask it.
"Oh okay," I replied to that remarkably clarifying answer before adding, "I'm pretty much smooth all over."
"Okay..." Danny said, before adding in a lusty voice, "Well let's see that smooth body, then."
"It's only fair, dude." Eric chimed in to Josh's assent.
I could have pointed out that it was only fair forDannyto see my naked body, since I'd seenhisdick and ass, but I didn't. Danny had given me an opening, and I had to decide just how far to take it. I didn't think I'd necessarily get another chance like this tonight. And protesting that I need to see Josh and Eric's bits for it to be "fair", wasn't how I needed to advance things.
"Okay. You're right. Fair's fair." I said, standing up and tugging at my shirt. "But you may as well sit down, so you can enjoy the show."
"Oh am I getting a lap dance?" Danny asked as he assumed the middle seat on the couch.
"Sure, why not." I said.
I hadn't exactly planned on giving him a lap dance, but that worked even better.
Josh and Eric sat quietly on one wing of the couch to observe the show, while Danny remained in the middle, arms up, resting the back of his head in his hands. I sort of grooved and worked my way closer to Danny as I removed my shirt, revealing my lean athletic upper body. Danny pawed at my chest, running his hand down my front.
"Very smooth..." He observed, his fingers gently caressing me.
I gently grinded my butt into his thighs as I slipped out of my shorts. I straddled him on the couch, first facing away, then towards. I inched my body closer and closer to his until I was fully grinding my brief-wearing ass into his lap. He ran his hands all over my exposed skin. "So smooth..." he kept saying.
I hooked my waistband and ever so gently began tugging it down and up again. I turned around. With my butt facing him again, I press it firmly against his crotch, grinding in circles, giving him a taste of what it might be like to have me ride his dick. I could feel it firming up. I kept tugging at the waistband of my small briefs, giving him little peeks of my bum while I mashed it into him.
"You're a bit of a tease, aren't you?" He said, lightly slapping my clothed buttcheek.
"You wantthis?" I said, in my most fake-innocent voice as I tugged the waistband all the down my backside. My skin tingled as I felt the air glide over my exposed ass. It lit up with electricity when I felt his hands settle to cup my bare ass.
"Very,verysmooth." He said, gently rubbing me.
In all the excitement of being this exposed and touched, my dick had grown fully hard. It was begging to burst out of my briefs. The waistband was still up in front, but it was barely covered.
"Yeah," I said, spinning around to straddle and face him.
His lips grew into a huge smirk as he looked at my hardon, stretching at my briefs and crying to be released. I started lowering the front of my briefs.
"I have a little bit of hair here," I said, showing my trim bush. "But I keep it short. The rest, I shave."
And with that I let my dick spring out of my briefs, a pearl of precum shot loose, to everyone's amusement and amazement. I watched Danny's face light up as I revealed my erect cock. He ran his hands along my sides, my front, my ass, but he stopped short of grabbing my dick. I danced around his lap and waved my dick at him; I grinded my naked ass against him.
And then I stood up and faced him, my hard cut dick pointing straight at his head. My briefs were bunched up in a thin band around my mid thighs; I hooked them and started tugging upwards and downwards. I watched Danny's face to see if he'd be disappointed at the prospect of me covering up again, but it was hard to read, so I decided it was best to ask.
"So... Should I put these back on?" I asked, mostly to Danny, but I also gestured to Josh and Eric.
They looked visibly disappointed. Perhaps not crushed, but they certainly weren't nodding along.
"Or should I take them off completely?" As the words left my mouth I let my briefs drop to the floor.
A huge, open smile formed on Danny's face. Josh and Eric were both visibly buzzing with excitement. I stood there for a moment, basking in their admiration, getting harder and hornier with every second of it before stepping out of my briefs and sitting on Danny's crotch, completely exposed and fully erect.
I worked my ass like a butter churn as I pushed it into his lap. He hungrily pawed my body, squeezing my pecs and clawing my abs, rubbing my thighs and gripping a fistful of my butt. His hands were all over me, but he didn't reach for my cock on his own. I gently took his right hand in mine and wrapped it snugly around my hot, hard shaft. He eagerly squeezed--a little too eagerly at first, causing me to spasm slightly. Once the shock subsided and his grip settled into a firm yet gentle hold, I continued to grind against him.
He lovingly stroked my shaft, he reached his thumb over the top of my glans to rub my precum around. Without a foreskin to work with, my cock really benefited from some lube. He worked my precum over the glans and the top of shaft before removing his hand to lick it and spit in it. He invited me to do the same; I did. With our spit slicking his hand he went back to stroking my dick, now more smoothly, slowly running hand along every inch of my manhood, and rubbing the helmet with equal care. I collapsed back into his muscled chest as he embraced me tightly with his left arm, while his right hand massaged my cock. I closed my eyes and surrendered to his touch breathing in his rich woody musk.
After at least a few minutes I peered over at Josh and Eric who seemed both embarrassed and excited by what was unfolding before them. I wanted to make sure it wasn't too much, too fast. I also didn't want to shoot my load right then and there, not unless things escalated and there were some mouths, holes, and/or other dicks involved.
When Danny stopped stroking me I got off his lap and reached for my briefs. As I got them about half way up my thighs he planted his hands on my hamstrings. He looked me right in the eyes, his ice blue eyes framed by the tent of his angled brows, his lips curled in a sort of sensitive frown.
"Maybe you could keep them off, for a little while?"
His frown transformed into a smirk that he was clearly trying--desperately--to make into a pleading, sort of sad, puppy dog face. He failed. Healwayslooked so naughty. He was so handsome. His lips came to these sharp points flanked by dimples. Right now, only his upper teeth showed. They were spectacularly white, with what I would callslightlyvampiric incisors.
But more than any of that he just looked so confident, and that turned me on.
I lifted my hands from my sides.
"Well, help me out of these, then." I said, as I waved my hand over my briefs nude deliberately smacking my hard, and now slicked wet, dick, letting it bob up and down and reigniting his grin.
He quickly pulled my briefs off and tossed them to the far end of the couch. With his hands on my hips, he spun me around to inspect my ass.
"You've got a nice fucking boy butt," he said, giving my right 'boy buttock' a hearty smack. He retreated his hand momentarily and I heard his lips smack.
His hand returned. His thick middle finger, now wet with his saliva, tapped the base of my spine, and slowly slid down. Even just one finger from his strong man hands could apply a nice pressure. I arched my back and inhaled as his fingertip rolled along the precipice of sphincter to gently lodge in my hole. My whole body electrified as my ass happily accepted its new visitor. And then it was gone, his finger continuing down my crack.
"Keep that up, and I might just stay naked all night," I said, laughing--although I was totally serious.
"Keep this up?" He asked as he took hold of my thick 6.5 inch rod. He gave it a few slow and loving strokes. He brought his face so close I could feel his hot breath on my wet cockhead, while he swirled the clear, slick, drop the had formed around my piss slit.
He stared up at me with a wild look in his eyes, his long tongue slid past his lips and he started making exaggerated licking motions that dodged my penis by bare millimetres. He smiled at me as he waved his tongue under my shaft, just barely avoiding contact. This cocky young man was an expert tease.
With that I stood up and we continued the night's activities.
***
We drank more and I suggested we play spin the bottle. That didn't take, sadly.
As much as the boys clearly wanted to explore their sexuality with me, spin-the-bottle with only guys was maybe a little too blatantly gay. Instead we played more XBox while they remained clothed and gawked at their new naked gay friend.
Danny did more than gawk. Danny was very openly grabbing me, and I was inviting every bit of it. If I'd walk past him, he'd grab me, wrap his arm around my waist and pull me close to him. I'd feel my dick hardening against his pyjama pants as he squeezed and spanked my ass; heftier squeezes and heartier smacks each time. Eric and Josh were a bit more hesitant, Eric especially. But nonetheless as we passed each other, or sat down I noticed they tried to brush up against me more and more.
I alternated between feeling empowered and ashamed. In general I was a bit of an exhibitionist, but when I thought about being a poor kid, naked in a rich kid's house while he and his friends remained clothed, I felt a bit disgusted with myself and wanted to cover up. But then, Danny would do something like passing me on the stairs and gripping me by the small of my back, pressing his forehead against mine, and giggling and gushing as he made me moan by enveloping me in his hard, warm body; I absolutely melted. I felt intoxicated and would walk proudly into the next room, erect cock first.
This is not simply a metaphor. I did--in fact--stick my dick through the open door to the basement and waited for someone to notice before walking through entirely. The first time it was Eric who noticed.
"Hey Moh, I see you there" he started. "Six or seven inches of you, anyway."
Eric had a good eye for measurements, it seemed.
The second time it was Danny himself, who had just turned the corner, escaping my view, and surprise grabbed my dick. It was a tight grip, deliberately painful but not torturous. I fell back onto the steps.
"Gotcha!" He said, gripping my cock with a menacing grin.
"Well, now that you 'got me', what are you going to do to me?" I asked, putting my hands behind my head.
He loosened his grip and rubbed my shaft, massaged my balls, and slipped his finger into the tiny sliver of exposed buttcrack below my junk. He gently pressed his finger against my hole. My skin tingled, my back arched, and my chest rose involuntarily. He swirled his finger around, not fully letting it enter me. He held my chest down with his free hand. I pushed back, but even with one arm, he was fucking strong, I watched his bicep bulge and the veins on his forearm tighten while he effortlessly pinned me down. I let out a big moan as I felt the gentle sting of his finger finally breaching my hole. Just holding one inch of his finger in me, he swirled it around and then pushed it deeper. My body convulsed, and I felt a gentle sweat break out on my brow.
"Oh fuck," I cried in a whisper.
He brought his face close--parallel to mine. He tunnelled his finger in and out of me finally deep enough that I could feel the rest of his hand colliding against my cheeks. With his mouth next to my ear, he whispered,
"Nice things." And with that he slowly licked my ear, up and down, and up and down again, before nibbling my earlobe and releasing me; removing his finger, too. I lay there, breathless, for a moment. A long moment.
***
As much as I was enjoying being exposed to three hot guys and admired by at least one of them, over two hours had gone by of me being totally naked--not to mention, frequentlyhard--and Eric and Josh were still quite reluctant to touch me, or even regularly acknowledge my nudity. They regularly stared, and when I was alone with either one of them, they would touch me more, but unlike Danny they weren't openly molesting me, and that was disappointing. I felt like I either had to be alone with Danny, or get the others to join in. I mean, to be perfectly honest, I would have been happy to have Danny fuck me, right then and there, to Josh and Eric's adoring or horrified eyes.
I didn't think that was going to happen, though, unless they were participating in some way. I got the sense increasingly that these three haddone thingswith each other--sexy things--but not frequently, and nothing super hardcore.
We decided to watch a movie, a sexy, trashy (non-porn) movie. Danny suggestedShowgirlsand we were all happy with that. Before settling in, Josh and I went upstairs to get more beer for everyone. He decided to prepare an ice bucket. I mostly just watched as he scooted around the kitchen, gathering things. He offered me a glass of water and I accepted. I thirstily chugged the tall glass, letting a fair bit slosh down my body. A stream traced down my sternum and snaked along the faint outline of my abs, until finally dribbling down my cock and balls.
"Oops," I said, "where can I find a towel?"
I did not actually need a towel to deal with a tiny bit of water on my torso and penis. I just wanted to see where I could take this situation.
Josh rushed to a drawer and fetched a woven tea towel. As he approached me he looked like he was about to hand it to me, but then kind of pulled it away and got in closer. He pressed the cloth against my chest and started dabbing it, gently, working his way down my front. He let out a little chuckle as he pressed the cloth against my soft dick and gently rubbed it around my ballsack.
The cloth was rough, and his hand so close. He lingered with it there for a moment. I took his hand in my right, and gently pinched the cloth with my left, pulling it away while I held his hand in place. He did not resist, but was starting down, his shaggy mop of dark hair obscuring his facial expression. I leaned my hands back against the counter. He slowly shifted his hand from my sack to my dick and took a hesitant hold of my shaft. The warmth of his hand instantly brought me to life. I felt the blood fill my meat as it plumped up and rose. He softly tugged at me a few times, and before I knew it, I was fully hard.
"Fuck dude, that feels so good," I whispered.
It wasn't mind-blowing, but I wanted to give him encouragement. I was glad I did, as he proceeded to stroke me with a bit more vigour. A silver streak emerged from behind his mop of hair and landed right on the head of my dick. He used it, and a few more spits-worth, to lather up my dick. I unconsciously started thrusting, and gyrating, fucking his hand. Forward as he moved in, back as he moved away. He kept lightly chuckling with a sort of innocent bewilderment, like he was doing something he never thought he could but always wanted to. Or maybe even something he never thought possible?
After a bit of that, we returned downstairs. Danny and Eric were both seated on the couch. They had queued up the movie. I deliberately waited for Josh to sit down before I did. He wound up sitting to Eric's left.
"Don't mind me," I said, as I lay myself flat, face-down, resting my body across all their laps. My shins rested against Josh, my chest and shoulders on Danny, and my still hard dick pressed against Eric's thigh, while my bare ass pointed at his face.
"Looks like I got the best part," Eric said, delicately tapping my ass.
"You did," Danny added, giving my left ass cheek a slap and a jiggle. As he brought his hand back to himself he ran his middle finger up my crack and let it nestle at the precipice of my hole for just a second. "Come on Eric," Danny said, grabbing Eric's hand. "Don't waste this!"
Danny firmly pressed Eric's hand into my glutes. Eric complied, and laughing uncomfortably, began to squeeze me and even tease his finger along my crack. I responded to his touch subtly, gently gyrating my hips and gently thrusting into his leg. This went on for a minute or two as the movie started.
Not wanting to spoil the momentum, I turned around to let my dick face Eric. With some trepidation he rested his right hand on my abs and the other on my thigh.
"I'm not gonna tell you where to rest your hands, but you can put them wherever you want." I said, flexing my cock a couple times and giving him a wink.
Eric just smiled, his russet skin getting flush with excitement.
Danny slid his hand down my chest and started tugging at me as the movie played. He'd stroke and stroke for a little while and then he'd stop. Eric kept his hands on my thigh and abs, but had moved both a bit closer to my centre. It took another ten minutes or so for him to finally work his left hand all the way up my thigh. He gently massaged my balls while Danny still gave me the occasional stroke, basically keeping me from getting soft. Not that I would have. I was extremely turned on and ready to explode.
Danny, seeing Eric getting a little more adventurous, decided to give his friend some encouragement.
"Eric, why don't you take over?" He waved my dick at Eric like it was a relay baton.
Eric wrapped his fingers around my pole with predictable hesitation, but once he got started, it felt really nice. Relaxing, even. He gave these slow, sensual strokes. He smeared my precum, eagerly, and massaged my balls with his left hand. He kept looking down at me and smiling. It was like he was checking in with me. It was sweet.
"Damn," Danny started, "You're giving our boy the five-star treatment, huh?"
I think it was meant to be encouraging, but Eric became a bit self conscious and slowly stopped touching my cock altogether.
Eventually, I sat up normally, wedging a space between Danny and Eric. As the movie--which featured a lot of female nudity--went on Danny made some teasing comments about my boner.
"Hey, aren't you supposed to be gay?" He reached for my meat. "What's this?"
"Hm. I wonder if it's because a super-hot guy keeps grabbing my dick?" I retorted, dryly.
His face reddened. It was funny to me that calling him hot could make him blush. Maybe it was me pointing out that he was grabbing my dick?
***
It was getting colder in that basement. I grabbed a small pillow and kind of hugged it on my lap.
"Don't cover up." Danny said, grasping the pillow.
"I'm just cold." I replied, truthfully.
"Come. Lie back on me, I'll warm you up."
We moved into the right corner of the sectional sofa. He sort of spread his legs so each was on a different section and I leaned back into him. His clothes felt cold to the touch as they made contact with my back. First, he wrapped his drink free arm around me and vigorously rubbed my upper body. Then, he had me hold his drink and used both to rub me all over. From my thighs to chest, and everywhere in between. He stroked my cock once in a while, but remained focused on warming me up. His chest was so broad and firm, and his big biceps were like pillows themselves.
"How's that?" He asked.
"Very nice. Much better."
"I think things are heating up over there!" Josh hooted from the other side of the couch.
Danny and I chuckled a bit. He held me close to him with his hands on my chest. I tilted my head back while he leaned his forward so his chin was resting on my shoulder. He looked over at me with an inscrutable look on his face.
It wasn't a smile, nor was it menacing. He just kept staring deep into my eyes, then his eyes were all I could see, and they closed, and his lips were on mine, and my eyes closed, and my lips opened, and his lips were on mine...
His tongue surged past my lips and crashed against my own, swishing up and around in my mouth. I could faintly hear the movie, and Josh and maybe Eric making more cat calls, but everything aside from Danny was blurry, faded. His tongue greedily exploring my mouth was sublime.
His hold became a squeeze. His biceps bulged and compressed me on either side. A pocket of warmth pressed against my lower back. His bulge stiffened and warmed as we kissed. I instinctively started gyrating, subtly, letting my ass and lower back connect with his bulge. He released his right arm's grip over me and moved his hand between us, to adjust his package. I raised myself slightly until he lowered me back down. I felt the firm outline of his hard dick through his t-shirt. He must have pulled it above the waistband. It caressed the small of my back and throbbed as I nestled into him.
With every second I felt his dick pulse with heat and plump up just a bit more until he was fully hard.
Just as this was happening, the movie reached its infamous lap dance scene. In the movie, a naked woman straddles a man in a suit. Meanwhile on the couch, I was naked in a clothed man's lap.
"She reminds me of you." Danny teased, unable to keep from laughing.
I spun around to straddle him from the front, as was happening in the movie.
"Oh yeah?" I asked, raising my eyebrow.
I started grinding up on him, my naked cock pressed right up against the swelling mound of fabric concealing his cock. As I dry humped him and our cocks squeezed together a surge a precum spilled out of me, slicking mine and making it cling to his shirt. Then for a moment it felt like the shirt fabric disappeared entirely as another gush of warm, slick fluid saturated his t-shirt--this time fromhisside. I looked down to see his cock beautifully outlined by the tennis ball sized wet spot on his.
He kissed me again. Softly. Just using his lips. I closed my eyes as he shifted his hands around my back and kept sweetly kissing me. I pawed at his hard chest. I wanted to strip him out of his clothes and ride him, but I was also so turned on by being naked on top of this gorgeous, clothed jock. I was turned on by the audience too, but I would have liked more audience participation.
The movie kept playing, but Josh and Eric were firmly focused on Danny and me, making comments to each other about the "better lap dance".
I slipped my hand under Danny's shirt and lifted. He held his arms up. I beheld the visible part of his cock resting against his belly, snaking out from under the waistband. A thick, red cock, darkened by the shadows of veins.
He hoisted his pelvis as I yanked his plaid pants down, allowing his full cock to spring loose. It was a monster. A beautiful monster. It had to be eight inches; maybe more. As I took hold of it, I felt an almost drug-like sedation, a dizziness while I stretched back the smooth, sticky skin of my new friend's penis.
I held him at the base of his shaft while I brought my face close. I let him whimper as he felt my hot breath on his wet, mushroomy glans. I dragged my cheek along the underside, gently turning to plant delicate kisses along the ample runway of his shaft. I let the stubble on my chin graze his balls, sending a jolt through him. I let my tongue drop out and dragged it along his sack using it to scoop his nuts into my mouth.
His balls were faintly salty with his manly sweat. The heft of them in my mouth made me drool sloppily. I swished them around with my tongue, and sucked. I grasped his bulging thighs and felt an extra sheen of sweat on him. The smell flooded me; I felt surrounded by him and nothing but him. I looked up to see his godlike body, the look of absolute joy on his face, framed by the deep valley of his pecs, and couldn't help but feel pride. I was proud that I was bringing such pleasure to the face of a god.
I let his balls out of my mouth. A thick strand of slobber formed, bridging my mouth and his ballsack. I finally starting teasing my tongue around the base of his shaft, snaking it around as I worked my way up.
When I got to the head of his dick I paused. I licked it and then I kissed it, driving my tongue into his frenulum making him moan again. He wrapped his hand around the back of my head and turned to his friends.
"Are you guys sure you're okay with watching what comes next?" Danny asked his friends, while holding my head against his erection.
Watching, he said. Notseeing.
Eric mumbled something with Josh's apparent assent. Neither of them left.
With that I licked my lips and slipped them over his mushroom head, swirling my tongue around it. I needed to worship every part of his beautiful dick. But finally, I took it properly into my mouth. My jaw was stretched as I pushed past the halfway point, soon feeling his head press up against my throat. I kept pushing.
"I think our new friend here likes having an audience..." he said, running his fingers down my cheek.
I felt myself partially swallowing his dick. A sweat broke out on my brow as I suppressed the urge to gag. Finally, I could feel the ridge of his cockhead penetrate my throat and I bore down, allowing him to fill my mouth fully. He threw his head back in pleasure.
I pulled back to about halfway up his shaft. I pushed my way down until the trim hairs of his pubes tickled my upper lip, then back up. Any break I took in deep throating him was spent licking him, or kissing him, or giving his dick any manner of worship it deserved.
While my hungry mouth swallowed his meat, my hands felt up his hard body. His trimmed fur pricked my fingers as I combed through it, over his rolling abs. Spit kept spilling out of my mouth as I slurped. A pop rang out every time I brought my lips above the ridge of his cockhead.
"That shit's so loud!" Josh said on one occasion.
I ran my tongue over his balls and along the underside of shaft as he took hold of his cock.
"I wanna cum in your mouth." He said, rising to his feet.
As I got into position, he put his hand on my head and used it to balance as he sort of spun around me and placed me on the couch. He jumped up and was now standing above me on the couch, squatting so his pelvis was at my mouth-level.
He gripped the back of my head and hand-fed me his dick. Once he got it in there, he fucked my mouth, aggressively thrusting and instantly hitting the back of my throat. I grabbed onto his big, clenching ass-cheeks, as he pounded away, pinning my head to the backrest of the couch. He moaned as his chest glistened with sweat. His balls slapped against my chin. His thighs bulged as he maintained this rather difficult squat/thrust position. And finally I felt his dick pulse again, throbbing and thrusting even harder and faster than before.
"I'm gonna cum!" He shouted.
He maintained his jackhammer rhythm for a few more seconds, bashing my chin and nose with his pelvis as he force fed me his giant dick. He erupted. I almost choked as my throat suddenly filled with his thick, salty cum. He slowed his thrusts and edged his cock backwards as he continued to shoot in my mouth.
I lightened the seal over his dick as I hand pumped the last few drops of cum out of him. I looked up at him: his heaving chest, abs, and face were glistening with sweat, his eyes drooped. I curled my tongue and burrowed it in the cleft of his frenulum, working it up his slit. A large white pearl squeezed out onto the tip of my tongue. As I swallowed the last few drops I milked from him, he whipped his still hard dick up and down, hitting my face and tongue.
"Oh fuck!" He smiled and laughed in ecstasy, as he stroked the hair of his new cum-hungry friend.
We both got off the couch. Eric and Josh had been relatively quiet in this time, just gasping and making awe-struck comments. They both sat there with their hands down their pants, sporting obvious hardons.
"Kiss?" I asked, stroking his cheek with my thumb. "Or is that too much?"
Though I had swallowed all the cum in my mouth, I still very noticeably had some on my lips.
He slammed his whole body into me as our lips crashed together. The slippery cum smooshing between us soon became indistinguishable from the spit oozing off of our intertwined tongues.
His hard body was warm against mine, but coated in a cold sweat. His dick, though mostly deflated, rubbed against mine as he generously moved his hips. He grabbed my wrists and pulled them down to his ass. I grabbed onto his smooth (waxed!) muscle butt.
"Try to grab a handful," he mumbled, through his slobbery lips before planting them back on mine.
I grabbed nice fistfuls with both my hands. But as he thrusted, making his muscles contract, his once soft flesh slipped out of my hands, becoming hard and unmoldable. He unflexed for a moment, allowing me another attempt to grab, before he flexed again.
"Gotcha."
He grabbed his shirt from the couch to use as a sweat (and leftover cum) rag. When he turned around I dropped to my knees and planted two quick kisses on his buttcheeks.
This amused Josh. He laughed, causing me to glare at him.
"Dude, it's just that that's something we make each other do when we lose a bet," Josh taunted.
Of all the things I had done to Danny tonight, somehow Josh had feltthisdeserved special mention.
"Do you ever make one another get naked, possibly for the night, for losing a bet?" I asked.
Josh and Eric kind of looked at each other sheepishly while Danny just laughed. Before anyone else followed up by saying anything, I cut in.
"It's okay. I have enough of an answer." I said.
And with that, I planted more kisses along Danny's right buttcheek until I finally gave it a little bite. Nothing too hard, but I let my teeth sink in, a bit.
He leapt upwards and made a tiny yelp and everyone laughed.
***
As we decided it was time to get ready for bed we showered (and the others changed). Danny had found an unopened toothbrush for me to use. It was sweet. Eric and Josh were going to sleep on a pull out sofa in Danny's (giant, rich-person) bedroom as they had been doing at sleepovers for years. I wondered what this meant for me.
Fresh out of the shower and wearing only a towel (more than I'd been wearing most of the night), I approached Danny in his room where Eric and Josh were already in their PJs on the pullout.
"Where am I sleeping?"
Danny stood up, next to me at the edge of his king-sized bed and put his hands on my hips.
"You can sleep in bed with me," he said, moving his hands up and down my sides.
My face uncontrollably lit up; my heart raced with excitement; I felt the booze and everything flood my head as the room turned red and blurry for a second.
"There's just one problem, though." He said in a serious tone, pressing his face right against mine.
My gut sank as I prepared for the excitement to be torn away from me. It was too good to be true; of course it was...
He paused, and pressed in even closer. He hooked my towel with his thumbs and with a gentle yank, it dropped to the floor. I was--once again--naked and pressed against a clothed Danny.
"I don't have anything for you to sleep in."
To be continued...