Authors Note: This is anotherFICTIONALstory. All characters in the story areFICTIONALwith the exception of my wife and I. All of the actions and conversations in this story areFICTIONAL.
*****
My trial was over. I had pleaded guilty to being a black cock sucking cum drinking slut whore of the highest order. I had objected to being called a whore and pled not guilty. During the court adjournment for lunch I had been forced into stripping and having sex with six black guys. I must admit that they didn't need much force to convince me and I did enjoy the occasion. I didn't realize that the session was being filmed and then the film had been doctored to make it appear that I sold my pussy for forty six dollars and thirty five cents.
The white judge that convicted me had made his way down into the holding cell and lifted his black robe to reveal that he was naked from the waist down. I had been naked since the court re-commenced after lunch.
"Blow me." He ordered.
I complied without hesitation.
After he had shot his load into my mouth he played with one of my breasts for a moment and then turned away and walked towards the door.
"Let them in." I heard him say.
He left the room and the "lawyers" and just about everyone from the court's public gallery filed in. Every single one of them was black.
I knew what was about to happen and I shivered in anticipation. I was nervous but determined to concentrate fully on satisfying every single black cock in the room. I was also well aware that there was recording equipment in the room and I wanted to make sure that, if they were still recording, I gave them value for money.
I walked casually over to the table in the holding cell and climbed up on it. Lying down on my back I let my legs fall open so that my pussy was on display. It wasn't long before I felt a hand between my legs and soon after several more pawing at my boobs. I was indeed guilty as charged.
The fucking started and before long I was wailing like a banshee as cock after cock penetrated me. I began to wonder if Darby had used only one criterion to select the guys as the cocks seemed to be getting bigger and bigger. My back started to get a little sore and so I called a temporary halt while I got on my hands and knees. This gave me the opportunity to get through the guys twice as quick with one in my pussy and one in my mouth.
After a while several of the guys decided to use my ass instead of my pussy and, although it was painful at first, I soon got used to it. It was a different sensation and led to several wonderful orgasms.
The pace started to slacken and I was grateful for the rest. My ass and pussy were dripping cum and my face was covered in it. When the last guy had finished with me I sat up and asked for a towel. The female black court guard brought me one and told me that there was a price to pay for it. I wiped the cum off of my face and asked her what she meant. Her response was simply to start unbuckling her belt. I dropped the towel and got onto my knees. Pushing her hands away from her belt I took over and eased her pants down. She was wearing a beautiful pair of royal blue silk panties which I took great delight in pulling down over her ass. She sat on the bench and let her legs part and I wasted no time in tasting her hairy pussy.
As I licked and sucked her pussy I was vaguely aware that the guys were getting dressed and leaving. Soon the only sounds in the room were my grunting and her gasping and sighing. I felt her start to tremble and buck and I made sure that my tongue was firmly on her clitoris. She orgasmed and I licked her gently until she got her breath back. She pushed my head away and stood up to get dressed.
I had nothing to wear, indeed I had no idea where my clothes were. The guard put the handcuffs back on me and pushed me roughly towards the door. We walked down a long corridor and finally came to a steel door. She pressed a button and the door was opened from the outside. She pushed me though the doorway and I found myself stood on a loading dock as a van backed up in front of me.
"Innocent or guilty." The outside guard asked.
"Guilty as hell." The female guard replied.
"In that case she won't mind this."
The male guard who opened the door stood in front of me and started to flick my nipples with his fingers. He soon tired of that and went to town with his fingers on my pussy.
The van doors opened and a ramp clattered down. The guard removed his fingers from my vagina and I was pushed into the van. I sat on the cold steel bench and my legs were shackled to some iron rings that protruded from the floor. Naturally the guard missed a couple of rings and my legs were secured wide apart. The guard sat on the bench directly opposite me and I watched his eyes roam from my tits to my pussy and back again.
The van door was slammed shut and a single light came on.
"We have about a half hour journey ahead of us. I could do whatever I want to you." He had an evil look on his face.
I was not going to be intimidated by him.
"Then why don't you?" I challenged.
Before I knew what was happening he had unlocked one of my shackles and spun me around. He re-shackled my foot and bent me over. A few seconds later I felt the head of his cock pushing against my pussy lips. I was determined not to be afraid and pushed my pussy hard onto his cock. He gasped as I tightened my pussy muscles and pushed my ass into his groin.
He certainly had not expected me to do that and, apart from the fact that I was securely shackled, I felt that I was fully in control. He orgasmed extremely quickly and sat down. I looked over my shoulder and noticed his limp white dick and sweat dripping off of his face. He quickly pulled up his pants and looked somewhat embarrassed.
After a few minutes I said "You ready to go again?"
He obviously wasn't and took out his inadequacy with a very sharp slap across my ass. I flinched but I was determined not to feel intimidated.
"Oooh, I like that." I cooed.
He responded with another slap and then another and another. My cheeks felt like they were glowing red and I was on the verge of yelling "Stop" when I felt the van slow down and bump over a storm grate. Then the van stopped. I was sure that this would not be the last time in the coming week that I would feel pain.
The van door flew open and my leg shackles were taken off.
"Did she get a little boisterous?" I heard a voice say.
The voice belonged to Darby.
"She was a bit lippy." The guard replied.
I was helped down from the van and Darby led me towards the elevator. As we got in the elevator Darby slapped my ass even harder than the guard had.
"Ow! What was that for?" I yelped.
"Because I own you and I can." He replied. "You can expect more of that over the next week."
"Bring it on." My bravado responded and I instantly regretted it.
He didn't slap me again and not a word was shared on the way up to the penthouse. When we got out of the elevator he took the handcuffs off of me and led me into his bedroom. His butler was on his way out of the room and Darby stopped him and said "Is it ready?"
"Yes, just as you ordered." The butler replied.
The butler had a good look at my naked body as he left and then Darby led me to the bathroom. Just like the very first time I spent a night with Darby there were candles lit and a bath full of steamy water.
"In you get." He ordered.
I held out my hand and he helped me into the bath. The water temperature was perfect and the aroma was intoxicating. I leaned back and let the water cover my body. I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. When I opened my eyes I saw Darby coming into the bathroom carrying two glasses of wine. He was shirtless and still looked magnificent even though he was in his sixties.
I took a sip of wine and handed my glass to him. As I closed my eyes I felt his hand on my stomach. He had a soft cloth in his hand and he began to soap my body. He slowly worked his hand up to my breasts and gently massaged them. My nipples hardened against his hand. I knew that he would soon work his hand down my body and between my legs and so I slowly parted my legs in anticipation.
When I felt his hand on my pussy I sighed and pushed back against his hand.
"Not yet." He chided.
He finished my pussy and legs and then told me to lean forwards while he washed my back. After a few minutes he stepped away and picked up a towel. I stood up and held out one hand. He helped me out of the bath and started to gently towel me off. When he was satisfied that I was dry enough he led me into his bedroom and helped me up onto the huge bed.
I watched him strip off his pants and boxers and was again amazed at how good he looked. He got into bed beside me and took me into his arms. I could already feel his erection growing.
"Did you have a good day?" he asked.
"It was interesting." I replied.
We cuddled for a while and then he turned onto his back and said "Come to me now."
His cock stood straight up and I knew that I was to straddle him. I did so happily. I took my time with him and got him close to orgasm several times before I backed off a bit. Finally I didn't back off and felt his cock engorge and release. When he finished I lifted myself off of him and got up to get a towel. When I had cleaned our combined juices off of his cock and balls I got back into bed and we cuddled again for a while.
It had been a long day and I soon fell asleep.
At some point during the night he woke me up and took me very roughly from behind. It was thoroughly enjoyable and again I was amazed by his readiness and stamina. We fell back to sleep and although it was several hours it seemed like only minutes before I heard an alarm clock. I sat up and looked at the clock on the bedside table next to Darby. I leaned over and turned the alarm off. The time was seven a.m.
I shook Darby awake and said "I think it's time to get up."
He got up and went into the bathroom. I heard the shower start and about fifteen minutes later he re-appeared washed and neatly dressed.
"You have two minutes in the bathroom. Go." He ordered.
I went to the bathroom and had a pee, washed my hands and face and cleaned my teeth.
"Come." He yelled.
I hustled out of the bathroom just as he was leaving the room. I almost had to jog to keep up with him as he headed to the dining room. Breakfast was already on the table and he said "Eat. You're gonna need it."
I didn't need another invitation. I hadn't eaten for quite some time and I ate greedily.
He waited until I had finished and then stood up and barked "Follow me."
Again I struggled to keep up as we headed for the elevator. It was only when the elevator doors opened in the underground parking garage that I became conscious of my nudity.
We got into the smaller of the two limousines and it headed out towards the highway. We were heading out to the west end of the city and I wondered what our destination was.
We drove for almost an hour before we pulled into the parking lot of a factory. It was a modern building in an industrial business park. There was a narrow strip of grass between the parking lot and the road and I was surprised at how many vehicles there were on the road.
"Come on. Let's go in." Darby ordered.
"Wait, I have no clothes on." I protested.
"I'm fully aware of that. Get out of the car." He sounded like he was losing patience.
I got out of the car and crossed my arms over my boobs.
"Put your hands behind your back." He demanded.
I reluctantly did so and he grabbed my arm and we started up the steps towards a door. I heard a truck horn sounding as we reached the top step and I cringed. I was naked in the street and pretty obviously someone had noticed.
Darby opened the door and ushered me inside. In front of me was a reception desk behind which a middle-aged black woman sat. She was on the phone and I heard her say "Yes sir, the order was filled last night and they will be shipped today."
She hung up the phone and looked up at us.
"Good morning sir. Beautiful day isn't it?" She addressed Darby.
"Yes Marsha, it certainly is." Darby replied. "Can you assemble all staff in the cafeteria in ten minutes?"
"Of course." She replied.
Darby started to lead me away down a carpeted corridor and I heard the intercom crackle and then Marsha's voice. "All staff to the cafeteria immediately. All staff to the cafeteria immediately."
Darby reached into his pants pocket and fished out a key. He unlocked a door and pushed it open.
"In you go." He gave me a gentle push and I found myself in a very well appointed comfortable office.
"Stand here." He ordered as he led me to the middle of the room. "Hands behind your back."
I did as I was told and felt very self conscious as his eyes roamed over my body.
"Is this your company?" I asked.
"One of them." He replied.
"What do you make here?"
"Packaging. Cardboard boxes and plastic containers." He replied.
"What are the cardboard boxes used for?" I asked.
"Mostly for business. They use them to put their old records in before they send them off to storage." He answered.
"And the plastic?"
"Mostly for commercial movers. You'd be surprised how many large and medium sized companies change premises in a year."
"How many people work here?" I asked.
"Forty two on the night shift and fifty six on days. Shifts will be changing soon. You'll get to see most of them. You're working here today." He smiled.
He leaned forward and pressed a button. "Marsha. Everyone in the cafeteria?"
"I'll just go and check sir." She replied.
A few moments later the phone rang. It must have been Marsha because I heard Darby say "Ok, thanks. We'll be there soon."
"What am I supposed to be doing here today?" I asked.
"You'll do what you are told to do." He replied as a matter of fact.
He led me out of his office and locked the door. We turned down another carpeted hallway and I saw some double doors ahead of me. Above the doors was a sign that read 'Cafeteria'.
All of a sudden I felt the thrill of my nudity although for once I felt uncomfortably vulnerable. Darby pushed the doors open and the room fell silent. All of the chairs were occupied and there were guys sitting on the tables too. More guys were leaning against the walls. I looked at some of the tables in right in front of me and noticed that three of them were occupied by women.
"Good morning everyone." Yelled Darby.
"Good morning." Came the mass response.
Darby led me up a couple of steps onto a small raised platform. I brought my hands in front of me to cover my pussy.
"We have a new employee for the day." Darby addressed the crowd. "She is here to learn how we do business."
"She'll be spending some time in each department so you'll all get to know her quite well."
The majority of the people in front of me were black but there were also a few whites, Indians and what I guessed were South Americans.
"Put your hands behind your back." Darby whispered to me.
As I did so I noticed all eyes staring firmly at my pussy. My nipples were already erect and now I started to feel dampness between my legs.
"As you all know, we hold a banquet for charity every year. Some of the proceeds from that dinner go to help pay the wages of some of the student interns here and also to pay for some of the food that we eat in this very room." Darby announced.
"What you don't know is that Janice attended the most recent banquet and indeed, gave her body for the cause." He continued.
I could feel my face turning red and I looked down at my feet. I was too embarrassed to even look at the crowd.
"Isn't that right Janice?" he asked.
"Yes." I mumbled.
"What was your mandate that weekend Janice?" Darby asked.
"To entertain the guests and do whatever they asked me to do." I answered.
"What were your rights that weekend Janice?"
"I had no rights. So long as there was no violence I had to do whatever I was told to do." I was now beet red and I wouldn't have minded if the ground opened up and swallowed me.
"Does anyone here wonder what Janice was told to do that weekend? If you are uncertain you can ask her exactly what she did do." Darby instructed.
A rather fat black man stood up and asked "Did you suck any cocks?"
"Yes, I did." I replied.
"How many?' the man asked.
"I don't know. I wasn't keeping score." I snorted defiantly.
"An estimate then?" Darby asked.
"Perhaps twenty or so." I lied.
"I have looked at the videos quite often. I counted well over one hundred." He shot back.
All I could do was shrug my shoulders.
"What will you do here today?" asked Darby.
"I don't know." I replied.
"Will you suck anyone's cock?"
"If I am told to." I admitted.
"Will you take multiple cocks at any given time?" he probed.
"If I have to."
"Then why don't you tell everyone what you intend to do here today."
I took a deep breath and announced "I will suck cock and I will take multiple cocks here today."
"Any more questions?" Darby asked.
An Indian guy put up his hand.
"What is your question Dhaval?" Darby asked.
"Is any part of your body off limits." Dhaval grinned.
I looked at Darby and took a deep breath. "No." was my honest answer.
An extremely large black woman asked "Do you lick pussy?"
"Yes, I lick pussy too."
"Ok everyone, when you see Janice during the day please be friendly. I'm sure that Janice is willing to give her body for our cause again. You are, aren't you Janice?" Darby smiled.
"Yes, I am willing to give my body again." I felt embarrassed saying it but it was the truth and I was looking forward to it.
The staff took that as their cue to go back to work. I noticed Marsha whispering in Darby's ear and he nodded and smiled.
Marsha headed out in a bit of a hurry and Darby took me back to his office.
"Ready for your first piece of business?" he asked.
"Sure." I replied.
"Follow me." He ordered.
He led me out to the reception area where Marsh was sitting with a huge smile on her face.
"Come around here honey." She instructed.
As I went around to the other side of the reception desk Marsha lifted up her dress and I saw that she had no panties on. I didn't hesitate and got down on my knees and started to tongue her pussy. About fifteen minutes later I felt her start to squirm and her orgasm followed soon after. As I got up I noticed that the whole thing was being watched in silence by at least a dozen people. I wiped my mouth with the back of my hand and waited for my next instruction.
"Ok everyone, back to work." Laughed Darby.
He took me back to his office and gave me a large envelope full of papers.
"Take these to Louise in accounting." He instructed.
"Where will I find accounting and which one is Louise." I asked.
"Go out of this door and turn right. When you meet someone you can ask them two questions. "Where is accounting and what can I do for you."
I left Darby's office and turned right. I opened the first door I came to and found myself staring into the empty darkness of a store room. A little further down the hall was another door. I opened it and immediately heard people talking.
"Is this accounting?" I asked.
"No honey, this is finance." I was being addressed but a very tall middle aged man. "What do you have there?"
I handed the envelope to him and he took a look inside.
"This actually pertains more to finance than accounting. Come into my office while I see to them. It won't take long." He said.
I followed him to his office well aware that at least a half a dozen pairs of eyes were assessing my body. The finance department was open plan and the office of Ken Bradley - Head of Finance, had glass walls that were only slightly frosted.
He threw the envelope on the desk and said "Is there anything you'd like to do for me?"
"What would you like?" I replied.
"Come round behind my desk and bend over."
I did so and immediately felt a hard slap across my ass. I yelped loudly. Embarrassingly loudly in fact. Then I felt his hand caressing the part of my ass that I knew would have his handprint on it. His hand drifted down between my thighs and then up towards my pussy. I felt a finger penetrate me and I sighed with pleasure. His finger slipped out of me and a moment or two later I felt something pushing against me. In no time his cock was past my pussy lips and sliding deeper and deeper in to me. With his gentle thrusting I could feel my boobs swinging forwards and backwards and I opened my eyes briefly. I was not expecting to see the rest of the finance department stood just inside the office door watching me being gently screwed on their boss's desk.
There were four guys and two women watching the action and I got the feeling that I was going to be here for a little while. Mr. Bradley picked up the pace a bit and my boobs started to flail around uncontrollably. One of the women stepped forward and cupped them in her hands. She squeezed them gently and the mix of sensations almost pushed me over the edge. In the end it was Mr. Bradley who succumbed first as his pulsing cock spat several streams of cum deep into me.
He put his hand firmly into my back to keep me bent over the desk and said "That was nice. David, I think you should go next."
David wasn't about to decline his bosses offer and I very quickly felt him inside of me. He was very eager and frantic and his cock slipped out of me several times. Eventually he slowed down and regained a little control. I barely felt his orgasm and was quite surprised when he pulled out.
"Antoine. You're next." The boss ordered.
"I want a blow job." He replied.
I stood up and went around to the other side of the desk and got down on my knees. Antoine dropped his pants and underwear and I gasped at the sight of his cock. It was large but I had seen plenty bigger. It was very dark in colour and was simply one of the most beautiful things I had ever seen. I started slowly at first, licking and sucking on its head. Then I started to take it deeper and deeper into my mouth. I was a little embarrassed at being watched enjoying myself but I soon found myself concentrating on the task in hand (or should I say mouth) and my audience no longer mattered. He started to groan and I felt his cum hit the back of my throat.
I stood up and looked around the group to see who was next. The other two guys didn't seem interested but I noticed the large black lady easing her pants down over her thighs.
"Come over here and do your duty porcelain." She ordered. "This is what white girls should be used for."
I went over to her as she stood up. Her pants were down around her ankles and I wasn't sure what I should do. Without warning she swung her hand and slapped my left boob. I yelped and she laughed. She slapped me again and sat down.
"Come on honey, get to work." She snapped.
I got down on my knees again and pulled her pants off. Then I reached up and pulled her panties down. She lifted her legs up onto my shoulders and pulled my face down into her pussy. It wasn't the most pleasant experience I ever had but I knew that I just had to get on with it.
I had been tonguing her for a couple of minutes when I felt someone probing between my legs. I parted my legs a little as a pair of hands grabbed my hips. Whoever it was thrust hard into me and I had to stop licking for a moment. The fat woman grabbed my hair and pulled my head back on to her pussy and the guy behind me went balls deep. I still had an audience watching my debauchery and, to be honest, that suited me just fine.
When they had both finished I stayed down on my hands and knees gasping for breath. A sharp slap on my butt brought me back to the present and I stood up.
Ken Bradley - Head of Finance handed me back the envelope and said "Accounting is the next door down the hall."
"Thanks." I smiled and heading for the door.
I found the door to the accounting department and went inside. The room was fairly small and contained only two desks. At one sat a white woman who was tapping away furiously on a keyboard. Sitting at the other desk was a young black guy who was sat back staring at my body.
"Are you Louise?" I asked the woman.
"Yes, just a minute." She snapped.
After another minute or so she stopped pounding her keyboard and looked up. "What do you want?" she asked.
"I thought I was supposed to ask you that question." I chuckled. "Darby told me to bring you this."
She took the envelope and said "Thanks."
I stood and looked at her for a moment or two and thought to myself that she had a body I would like to explore.
"Is there anything I can do for you?" I asked hopefully.
"No, but you might ask my colleague here." She pointed to the young black guy.
I looked at him and he said "I think I could use a little comfort."
"Ok, how do you want me?"
"You can bend over my desk." Louise offered.
I grabbed the edge of her desk, bent over and spread my legs. The young black guy stood up quickly and I heard him taking off his pants. I felt him move in behind me and gently touch my pussy. His fingers soon found my clit and I felt a tingle run through my body. Before I had time to enjoy his touch he penetrated me and started to ease himself deeper and deeper into me.
"Oh fuck." I gasped. I opened my eyes and saw that Louise had pushed her chair back and was watching me getting screwed with a smile on her face. The guy increased his pace and my tits were swinging back and forth in perfect time. This was the first fuck that I had really enjoyed so far today. I squeezed my pussy muscles as hard as I could onto his cock and pushed back against his thrusts.
I knew I couldn't hold on long and, sure enough, my first real orgasm of the day overcame me. He came shortly after and eased himself out of me. I was breathing hard and managed to gasp "Wow, that was fantastic. Can I see you again?"
I stood up and turned just in time to see his cock before he tucked it back into his underwear. Even though he had just came and it was gradually shrinking it still looked magnificent. I knew I wanted more time with him.
Louise turned her attention back to her keyboard and without breaking her attention said "Go back to reception and see Darby.
When I got back to the reception desk Darby was stood talking with Marsha.
"Ah Janice. How are you doing? Are you taking care of my people?"
"I hope so." I smiled. I had no doubt that Darby had cameras in the offices and he had been watching me "take care" of his people.
"Come, let me show you the shop floor."
He held out his hand for me to hold and led me down a corridor. We went through a steel door and I immediately heard the sound of machinery.
Darby reached into a box and pulled out a pair of rubber shoes. "These will protect your feet on the shop floor."
I slipped them on and Darby led me down a staircase onto the floor. He started pointing the machines out to me and explained what they did. After a while he called another guy over and introduced him as Baxter.
Baxter was a middle aged guy with short graying hair. He looked like he was in good shape and his hair gave him a distinguished look. Darby told me that Baxter was the floor manager and was, therefore, the most important man in the factory.
"I have to get back to my office. Baxter will look after you and I'll see you in a couple of hours." Said Darby.
Darby headed back to the staircase and Baxter said "Come on. Let's go and have a look around."
He gave no hint at all that he was looking at a naked (except for a pair of rubber shoes) white woman. Instead he seemed far more interested in his machinery. He told me the names of each machine and told me how they did what they did and how many 'units' they could produce each and every hour. If it wasn't for the admiring looks I was getting from the machine operators I would have had to say I was bored.
As we reached the end of a line he called three of his men over and introduced them to me. I shook the first two guy's hands and offered my hand to the third. He also shook my hand but didn't let go. Before I knew it he had my hand behind my back and was reaching for the other. At that moment the other two guys sprung into action and grabbed my other arm. They marched me towards a steel post and my arms were tied in front of me and then to the post. Then a narrow bench was placed between me and the post and my feet were spread wide and tied to the bench. I found that I could comfortably rest my stomach on the bench and I was grateful for it because I knew exactly what was about to happen.
Sure enough I soon felt a guy edging his cock into my pussy. I don't know if guys were actually lined up behind me awaiting their turn but a small crowd soon gathered in front of me. As the fucking got more and more frantic my boobs started to swing around and I knew that they would soon become the focus of some guy. I have no idea how many guys fucked me but I know I enjoyed it until some asshole started slapping my boobs. It soon became painful and the fun disappeared. In the end I just wanted it to stop. Eventually Darby reappeared and watched for a while before finally calling a halt. I was untied and taken back into the offices. After signing a couple of papers Darby led me back out to the limousine.
We headed back into the city and the hotel. I was surprised with the next activity that Darby subjected me to. I was led to a part of the hotel that I had never seen before. It turned out to be the hotel's spa and for the next few hours I was pampered until I felt relaxed. My skin tingled and my muscles were totally relaxed.
Next we had a meal in Darby's private dining room and I was taken to a bedroom and told to sleep for a few hours. It was just after 4pm.
I felt someone gently shaking my shoulder.
"Wake up. It's time to get ready."
"I'm tired honey." I mumbled. "I'm gonna sleep in a bit. You go on ahead." I sleepily replied.
The shaking got a little more insistent.
"Leave me alone. I need to sleep."
The bedclothes were ripped off of me and I awoke with a start. Darby's butler was standing beside the bed. I was startled and tried to cover myself but the duvet was around my ankles. Somewhat self-consciously I covered my pussy with my hand.
"Time to get up madam." He informed me.
I looked at the clock and saw it was seven o'clock.
"Is it morning or evening?" I asked.
"Evening." He replied. "Time for you to get ready."
"Ready for what?"
"I have no idea madam. I just know it's time."
"Ok." I yawned.
I got out of bed and went into the bathroom. As I went through my regular waking up bathroom routine the memories of the past day and a half came flooding back. I had enjoyed most of it but my boobs were a little sore from all of the slapping. I did a quick inspection and was relieved that I saw no marks on either of them. I also did a quick inspection of my pussy. Considering the number of times I had been fucked already I didn't feel sore. Then I heard a polite cough.
"Madam, Darby is waiting."
"Enjoy the show?" I asked sarcastically.
"Yes, very much thank you." The butler replied calmly. "You have a beautiful body."
I blushed at both the compliment and the fact that I had just given him a legs wide open view of my pussy.
He led me out to the living room where Darby was waiting.
"Good sleep?" he asked.
"Yes, I feel good." I replied.
"You look good too." He complimented. "Here is your outfit for the evening. Please put it on now."
Draped over the back of an armchair was a coat hanger and my next outfit covered in plastic. I took the plastic off and found a very thin white blouse, an incredibly short red skirt and a red micro g-string. On the floor was a pair of red high heels.
"Where's my bra?" I asked.
"No bra tonight dear." He smiled.
I put the g-string on and adjusted it to cover as much of my pussy as possible. Then I put the blouse on and did up the five buttons. My boobs strained against the material and I loved the way the fabric rubbed against my nipples as I moved. The skirt was next and I wasn't surprised to find out the even the slightest bend forward exposed my butt cheeks. I slipped on the high heels and declared "I'm ready."
"Not yet." Darby replied. "Jenida here will take you to the bathroom to do your make-up."
I turned and saw an Indian woman standing near the door. She had been silent all the time that I had been in the room and I had not noticed her at all. She beckoned to me and I followed as she led me out of the room.
She did her work quickly and quietly and when she was finished she gathered up her kit and nodded towards the mirror. I turned to look at myself and was shocked at what I saw. The exaggerated red lipstick, dark eye shadow and rouged cheeks had transformed me into the archetypal paperback novel hooker. Perhaps that was how Darby and his friends saw me.
I went back into the living room and asked Darby "What am I doing tonight?"
I was afraid that I was going to be walking the streets in search of business.
"We're going to one of Marcus' bars. You will be working as a waitress." He explained.
"Then the make-up is a bit much isn't it?"
"Perhaps, but bear in mind that tonight you'll be working for yourself too. You're waitressing and you get to keep all of your tips."
The tips didn't matter to me but I was glad to hear that I would be working in my friend Marcus' bar. I knew that he would take care of me.
I had one more look at myself in a mirror and realized that my blouse was indeed thin. My nipples were evident not only because they were hard but I could also see their shadow through the material.
Darby hustled me down to the garage and we got into the limo. We didn't go more than five blocks when the limo pulled to the side of the road and the door was opened. Darby and I got out and entered the bar.
It looked like a regular bar to me. Lighted 'Bud', 'Canadian' and other beer signs adorned the walls. A jukebox blocked an unused door and a small area of the floor was set aside as a dance floor but, for now at least, nobody was dancing. The only thing that I thought was out of place was an old upright piano next to the jukebox. Perhaps they had amateur nights. Most of the barstools were occupied but a couple of the table were empty. It was still early and I knew that, even on a Tuesday evening, the bar would soon fill out.
Darby pointed to a guy behind the bar and said "That's Davis. He's your boss tonight. Go and introduce yourself."
Davis had seen us come in and was already on his way out from behind the bar. He was a young, six foot plus white guy who certainly looked like he could take care of himself. Watching him move I was instantly attracted to him. He approached with his hand outstretched. His handshake was firm but gentle.
"Hi, I'm Davis." His smile was genuine and very appealing.
"Hi, I'm Janice. I'm your new waitress." I was already smitten.
"Hi Janice, nice to have you on board. One quick suggestion for you right off the bat. This will help your tips enormously."
With that he reached forward, grabbed my blouse with both hands and ripped it open. The buttons flew in all directions and I felt my boobs tumble free.
I was shocked and tried to cover up but he said "Don't bother, you'll serve like that."
I tried to pull the blouse together at the front but no matter what it left little to the imagination. Did he say tips or tits I wondered.
I had no buttons left so no matter what I tried it made no difference.
"Who needs a beer?" Davis yelled.
It seemed like every guy in the bar yelled at once. I was paralyzed for a moment until Davis smacked my butt and said "Serve these people."
I turned to the nearest table and asked them what they were drinking. At that moment there was silence as I realized that they were all drinking in my boobs. I repeated the question and each guy told me his order without taking his eyes off of my partially exposed breasts.
As I made my way quickly to the bar I realized that my blouse opened right up and my bouncing boobs were entirely visible.
I took as many orders as I could as quickly as I could and then I turned to the table nearest the door. As luck would have it as soon as I approached the table the door opened and six black guys walked in. I tried to cover up so that nobody on the street saw me. One of the black guys said "I think this place will do." As he looked directly and my partially naked chest all I could do was smile.
I was hustling from table to bar to table to bar making sure that the drinks kept coming and the patrons were happy. It dawned on me that there was no money was changing hands. I found it difficult to believe that everyone was running a tab. On my next trip to the bar I asked Davis how come nobody was paying for their drinks.
"Worried about your tips?" He asked.
"No, I just thought it seems odd is all."
"Perhaps if you tried this." He offered.
Before I had a chance to protest my blouse was on the floor.
"There. That should help!" Davis grinned.
I bent to grab the blouse but Davis had his foot on it.
"You don't need it." He gave me a mean look and told me not to forget my clientele.
"Ok, I'm topless. Been there before. Nothing to worry about" I told myself.
Now that I was topless a few guys assumed they had the right to grope me. I put up with it for a while but then a guy slapped one of my boobs and my first instinct was to defend myself. As soon as I slapped his face I knew it was a mistake. Before I knew what was happening my skirt was around my ankles. Someone grabbed me from behind and lifted me off my feet. I tried to kick but someone grabbed my legs and another pair of hands tugged the skirt right off.
"Behave yourself bitch and it will be easier for you." Davis growled.
I had no idea what he meant but I wasn't ready to be abused.
"Serve your tables." He snarled.
All I had left was the tiniest shred of material coving my pussy. I had happily stripped naked for hundreds of guys over the past eight months or so but only once was there a hint of menace. That occurred when I stripped for an exclusively Indian and Pakistani audience. Tonight it seemed like some degree of violence was more a probability than a possibility. I looked around to see if I could see Darby. He was nowhere to be seen and all I had in front of me was a sea of expectant faces. Some of those faces were female but there was no comfort for me in any of them. I wondered what would happen when my g-string came off.
As it happened the bar seemed to regain a sense of civility and, although I had but a flimsy piece of material between me and total nudity, I started to feel a little more at ease.
I served a few drinks and hoped that the threat was more imagined than real.
"Pussy, pussy, pussy." It started as background noise but soon became the only thing I could hear.
I quickly realized that it was going to happen one way or another very soon. I had a choice to make, strip it off or have it ripped off by someone else. In a feeble attempt to retain some kind of control I decided to strip out of it myself. Finding the groove in whatever song was playing on the jukebox I danced as I slowly eased the g-string down. I had accepted my fate and hoped that it would be pleasant.
It didn't take me long to realize that I was the Thompson's gazelle surrounded by a large pride of very hungry lions.
Two guys lifted me up and deposited me onto the piano keys. The sound of my ass hitting the keys wasn't particularly musical. The guys held my legs apart and everyone could clearly see my pussy. The prize was exhibited.
At first I laughed when a Twister mat was laid down on the dance floor. I hadn't played that since I was sixteen and, on that occasion I was fully clothed. This time I was the only player. Four spins of the arrow later I was in perfect position to be taken from behind. Moments later I felt a hand caressing my vagina. I closed my eyes and waited for the initial penetration. I knew it was sure to follow and, when it happened, I was not disappointed. Whoever it was certainly well endowed and I realized that I had not seen Marcus yet. I wondered if it might be him inside me.
I heard and felt some movement in front of me but I was too absorbed in the joy of having a cock inside of me to care what was happening. The guy settled into a steady rhythm and I couldn't help but start to grunt and moan. When he picked up the pace I started to wail.
"Fuck, fuck, fuck, oh god. Yes, yes, yes, yes." I sang in time with his thrusts.
At first I was so engrossed in the sensation in my pussy that, although I had opened my eyes, I was still focused on the floor. Then the guy inside me grabbed my hair and pulled my head up. I was shocked to see Darby and my husband sitting right in front of me. Darby's face was expressionless but my husband had a 'let's see what you've got' look on. I was slightly embarrassed to be in that position in front of my husband but he had seen me in all kinds of positions before and this wasn't new.
As my vocals became louder and louder I heard a guy say "Somebody shut the bitch up."
I felt a pair of hands turn my head to one side. My mouth was already open as I wailed, grunted and swore and soon a cock was pushed into it. I received a slap on the side of my face and was gruffly ordered to "Suck it bitch."
Perhaps it was because I didn't want my face slapped again or maybe it was because I just love to suck cock but suck it I did. He came very quickly and I couldn't hold it all. I swallowed what I could but much of it dribbled down my chin and dripped onto the floor. I glanced over at my husband and was surprised to see a smile on his face. He laughed as another cock entered my mouth.
The guy in my mouth came first and was soon followed by the guy in my pussy. As he pulled out of me he gave me a vicious slap across my backside. I fell onto my side gasping for breath.
I realized at that moment that if I ever I thought that I had any control over what was happening that control was gone. There was no-one there to save me. I was just meat to this pack of lions. I was soon to learn that there were lionesses too.
Eventually the last guy finished and again I lay gasping in the floor. I had turned to lie on one side as I tried to regain my breath. Then I was manhandled to my knees and found myself staring directly at an already oozing erect cock. The owner of that body part grabbed the back of my head and before I had a chance to breath he was deep in my throat. While he was going at me my hands were placed on two other cocks and I was encouraged to wank them. He fucked my face for several minutes before he came and several other cocks were already waiting. A couple of guys wanted my mouth but several others were content to masturbate onto my face.
Then the brutality started. I was picked up and told to stand. My hands were held behind my back and I was led to a woman who was sitting on a tall barstool.
"Enjoying yourself slut?"
I didn't answer.
"I asked you a question slut. Are you enjoying yourself?"
Again I didn't answer.
She slapped my boob hard.
"Are you enjoying yourself?" she yelled.
When she twisted my nipple I yelped and shouted "Yes!"
"Yes what?" she demanded.
"Yes, I'm enjoying myself." I cried.
"Good, then you are really going to enjoy this."
For the first time I felt genuine fear. A length of rope appeared and before I knew what was going on my arms were secured firmly behind my back and my boobs were bound tightly and forced apart. If I moved my arms the rope got tighter around my breasts. I knew that I was about to feel pain like never before.
I felt like shouting "Stop" but I didn't want to give up.
I was forced to kneel and the guys lined up in front of me. One by one they either came in my mouth or orgasmed onto my face. As each guy finished he made a point of slapping my face.
Next it was my boobs turn. The guys lined up again and took great pleasure in slapping my boobs and cumming on them.
The cum from the first session was already dry and crusty on my face and in my hair and soon my face and breasts were coated in another layer.
By now my boobs were sore, my face and hair were coated in cum and wondered what might happen next.
The answer, on reflection, was obvious.
I was told to stand up and then immediately to get down on my knees again by one of the women. I was a little slow and she spat at my face. I was already dripping in cum but the feel of spit hitting my face disgusted me. Before I could kneel I was spat at by several other people and my knees must have been bruised as I hit the floor. My face, boobs and ass were being slapped regularly and cum and spit continued to rain down on me.
Then I was lifted up and sat on the edge of a table. My legs were forced wide apart as a girl approached me with a bottle of beer in her hand. She took one swig from the bottle and then put her thumb over the opening started to shake it.
"Ever had a pussy enema?" she asked.
I shook my head.
She pushed the bottle up against my pussy and then quickly removed her thumb as she pushed the top of the bottle inside of me. The sensation of the beer fizzing inside of my vagina was not unpleasant and I gasped. The bottle was removed and I gasped involuntarily. The woman smiled and announced "Two of my favourite things. Beer and pussy."
With that she bent over and started to lick between my legs. I soon began to squirm as my orgasm built. When it came I shuddered and gasped. My breathing was fast and ragged. My pleasure was unfortunately short lived as the tit slapping started up again. My legs were still being held apart and several guys slapped my pussy. Thankfully it wasn't too hard but then it didn't need to be to make me feel pain.
I felt tears welling up in my eyes and then rolling down my face.
"She's crying." Someone laughed.
Immediately my face was slapped again and I was told to pull myself together. I tried my hardest to stop the tears but the fact that my nipples were being twisted and I was being finger fucked by a woman made it difficult.
I was lifted off of the table, turned around and forced to bend over. The fucking started again and it wasn't very considerate. A mirror was put in front of me and I was shocked at my appearance. My face and hair was caked with cum and my make-up was smudged. The tears and sweat had made the eye shadow run and I really looked a mess.
Finally I was again lifted back onto the table and my legs were held apart. I saw my husband approaching. He was naked from the waist down and was just finishing putting a condom on.
He wasted no time in ramming his cock inside of me and he fucked me like all the others had. There was no tenderness. It was just a fuck. When he finished he slapped my boobs and went to get dressed. Several more guys had their pleasure with me and then it stopped.
Finally the brutality ended and I was led to a room in the back of the bar. I passed my husband and Darby on the way out and they both looked as if they didn't give a damn.
I got into the shower with another woman and she gently bathed the parts that I was afraid to touch. After she had dried me I was led, still naked, out to the limousine. My husband had disappeared and I was alone with Darby.
I guessed that my husband had gone home and he had left me to Darby. How many guys had fucked me this night I had no idea. For the first time since my slut adventure had started I felt cheap. Was the adventure coming to an end or did it just need to be controlled a bit. I realized that being in control was the most fun but being at the mercy of others also had an attraction.
By morning the soreness in my boobs, pussy, butt and face had largely dissipated but the memories remained in my mind.
Darby and I woke up naked in his bed but neither he or had any thoughts of sex.
"You did well last night." He said. "Very few women have the confidence or fearlessness to go through what you did. Did you enjoy it?"
"Some of it I enjoyed. Some of it was horrible." I answered truthfully.
"Don't worry. Today will be easier." He assured.
"When does today start." I asked.
"Not until eleven." He replied.
I slipped my hand down to his cock but I was too tired to do anything with it. The thought than ran through my head as I drifted off to sleep again was "I guess I really am a slut."