Joel flopped down onto the smooth black leather couch next to his wife Shannon after a long night drinking with their friends John and Sara. Off The Chain was packed and John and Sara had even talked the two of them into dancing out on the dance floor for the first time in years. Joel and Shannon had been very social and outgoing when they were younger, but had really isolated themselves the last few years. After a long night of drinking they headed home exhausted.
"Could you believe what Sara was wearing tonight," Shannon said in passing.
"Ya! she was definitely getting a ton of looks from the horny men at the bar. The funny thing was the evil looks she was getting from the women haha!" said Joel.
"I don't know, it made me kinda uncomfortable being with her. Her tits were practically falling out of her shirt, and I don't think she was wearing any panties either!" Said Shannon.
"Why were you uncomfortable? You wore sexy, revealing clothing with your tits hanging out all the time before I met you. It's one of the reasons why I was so attracted to you in the beginning."
He looked up and down at his wife's amazing body. Shannon worked out five times a week to keep her body toned and at one hundred and ten pounds. She had massive 34DDD breasts with a tiny little waist and ass. Men always made comments about her amazing calves and legs and how they seemed to go on forever.
"So what are you saying, you're not attracted to me anymore?" Shannon sounded crushed.
"No no no babe! Look at you, you have a porn star body! You work hard for that body everyday. Women dream of having a body as sexy as yours. But honestly, I do feel we have fallen into a rut, we rarely go out anymore and we haven't seen John and Sara in over three months. Our sex life has even been suffering lately," Joel said in a matter of fact tone.
"You think were boring?" Shannon cried.
But even as she said it, she was thinking about how disappointed she was with their sex life. They had been only having sex about once a month lately. The worse thing of all was she couldn't even remember the last time she had an orgasm.
"Yes, I guess, we have been staying home a lot on the weekends instead of going out. Maybe your right, we did fall into a rut," Shannon said with a sad look of disappointment on her face.
"What can we do about it?" She replied.
"Well, I'm not going to lie, Sara really turned me on tonight! She looked amazing in her short skirt and sexy top! It reminded me of the first time I saw you walking through the lobby of the Venetian in Vegas. You were wearing a short little jean skirt and low cut top that showed off your tits. All the men in the lobby had their eyes glued to you! I knew right then that you were the women for me! You were beautiful, sexy, and confident. Topping it all off, you were rocking a grade A porn star body. My cock was rock hard and dripping pre-cum as you walked by! You know, just because we're married now doesn't mean you have to dress so conservatively. I want you to dress sexy!" Joel told his wife.
"I started to dress in less revealing outfits because I thought you would be mad if I got attention from other men," she said.
Shannon thought to herself about all the men who made passes at her on daily basis back then. She loved how it made her feel so sexy and attractive. She absolutely loved wearing tiny little skirts and tops, along with little flirty dresses. Little did Joel know she would get asked out up to ten times a day because of her outfits. She fell for Joel because he was very attractive, tall with blonde hair and bright blue eyes. He had a great toned body and was the kindest man she had ever dated. Her only disappointment was his average sized cock, it was only six inches, but that was something that she easily could overlook.
"Hell no, I would never get jealous of men hitting on you! Honestly I take it as a compliment that other men appreciate that amazing body you have. I fell for you because of it. I would never want you to change who you are. Baby, I want you to show off that porn star body for me!" Joel said.
"Are you sure you will be ok with the attention?" Shannon asked in a pessimmistic tone.
Shannon thought to herself, oh man, he doesn't know what he is getting himself into. She dreamed about all the cute and tiny little outfits she had been wanting to wear for years but was too scared to put on for fear of making Joel angry.
"Yes I'm sure, next weekend we will get you dressed up in a tiny, slutty little outfit. I want to take you to this new bar I heard about called Bull Riders. We will Grab a few drinks and get out of our rut," Joel said with supreme confidence.
Joel's cock started swelling at the thought of Shannon prancing around the bar in one of her little outfits for him and all the other men.
"I'm so excited baby, I love so much that you're not jealous and trust me enough to let me express my sexuality," Shannon bubbled.
Joel and Shannon kissed and made passionate love on the couch for the first time in over a month.
One week later
Shannon chose a short little jean skirt that showed off her great legs. It was about 6 inches shorter than anything she had wore in years. She paired it with a spaghetti strap black silk blouse that was very low cut and majestically displayed her huge round tits. Underneath she wore a black, lacy, sheer bra with a matching black sheer g-string. To finish off the outfit she chose a pair of black six inch heals. She had not felt so sexy and sure about herself in years. Tonight Joel and her were heading to the bar for the first time by themselves in over a year. It was thrilling getting dressed up in sexy clothing she had not worn since Joel and her were married years ago.
"Shannon, are you almost ready?" Joel yelled from the family room.
"Yes baby, just putting on a few finishing touches and then I'll be ready," Shannon called back.
Shannon was still slightly nervous that Joel might think she was showing off to much, but one last glance into the mirror steeled her resolve to dress sexy again. She was very pleased with how she looked as she glanced one last time while liberally applying her fuck me red lipstick. She strutted into the family room to meet Joel with a confidence she had not felt in years.
"Oh my fucking God! You look amazing!" Joel cheered as Shannon sauntered into the family room.
Shannon's huge tits swayed back and forth in her skimpy little silk blouse as she walked. Her short little jean skirt showed off every amazing inch of her majestic legs and calves. As she strutted her six inch high heals clicked seductively on the hardwood floors. Her nipples were semi hard and poking through her lace bra and were clearly visible through the flimsy silk top.
"You're sure I look ok? This outfit isn't to skimpy is it? Are you sure you're ok with me showing this much skin? Shannon asked in rapid fire succession.
"Oh baby that outfit is perfect! My cock is hard already just from looking at you. This is exactly how I want you to dress from now on every time we go out! And yes, I am more than ok with you showing this much skin, and no, no, no that outfit is not to skimpy," Joel reassured her confidently.
Joel was already rock hard thinking of all the hot men that would be drooling the second they saw his hot wife flaunt every amazing inch of her body for them at the bar. If he was lucky, maybe he would catch a few trying to hit on her. Nothing turned him on more than seeing men appreciate his wife's massive tits and amazing legs.
"Ok baby, let's do this, introduce your hot wife to the world again!" Shannon said as she grabbed a hold of Joel's hand and led him to the Challenger SRT for the short drive to Bull Riders.
---------
Shannon strutted into Bull Riders making sure to push out her tits and swing her hips on her way to her bar stool. Joel walked right behind her admiring her ass in her short little skirt. He smiled, in awe of all the eyes following her as she strutted past them. He knew right then that he wanted to turn his wife into a Hotwife. His goal was to put her on display every weekend. Joel held out a barstool for Shannon to slide onto and joined her by sitting on the stool right next to her. Joel's cock stiffened as he lustily glanced at his beautiful wife displaying so much skin next to him.
"What can I get for you honey?" Tad the bartender asked Shannon.
Tad immediately came over as soon as he saw Shannon walk in and sit down. His eyes greedily scanned her massive tits popping out of her blouse. She was one hot piece of ass and he made sure to get her order immediately.
"I'll take a Captain and Diet please and my husband will have a Dos Equis draft, thanks," Shannon replied.
She had never received service this quick before, even when she was younger and was dressing sexy all the time. Tad was eyeing her up and down and trying hard not to stare at her tits. Shannon was starting to feel a tingle in her pussy from the admiring glances he was giving her. Tad was 6'4 with dark hair and a hard toned body and his attention was very satisfying to her. She was amazed that a man this hot was visibly attracted to her. She made a mental note to never go out in boring clothes again.
"Wow honey, did you see the way Tad was checking you out? You got our drinks as soon as we sat down," Joel exclaimed.
Joel glanced up and down the bar. His heart rate quickened when he noticed no less than ten men visibly ogling his wife's smoking hot body. The attention Shannon was receiving caused his six inch cock to become fully erect in his pants. He could feel the pre-cum dripping out of his cock head. He hoped that it wouldn't leave a wet spot on his pants that would be visible.
"I told you that I would attract a lot of attention," Shannon said proudly as she glanced over at her husbands crotch and noticed the bulge in his pants.
"Wow it looks like you are more turned on by them gawking at me than I am," Shannon whispered back to Joel.
Shannon could feel her pussy becoming wet. She was excited that her husbands cock was hard from Tads attention. She was tingling from his eyes lustily checking out her massive 34ddd tits that were practically bursting out of her top. This along with her husbands obvious turn on of Tads staring, put her over the top. She decided right there that if Joel was turned on and wanted this, then she would put one thousand percent into flaunting her body and making all her husbands sexual desires come true.
Tad walked up with 3 shots and said "Compliments of the house," as he lined the shots up in front of Shannon, Joel, and himself.
"Wow, thanks! But how did we get so lucky to get free shots?" Joel asked.
"Well, we like to give incentives to hot couples so they continue to visit our bar. Your wife is smoking hot! Look at all the men staring! If we can keep the hot people here and entertained we make more money as a business. It's a win win for all," Tad explained.
"Oh, I'm nothing special, many women are better than me," Shannon replied quietly.
"Shannon, I couldn't disagree more and I know the guys in here disagree. Joel don't take this wrong, it's a compliment," Tad reassured Joel. "But oh my god Shannon, your body is rocking! I wish my girlfriends body was half as good as yours," Tad said.
"No offense taken Tad, you're one hundred percent correct, she is beautiful and has an amazing body, thanks for telling her. I want other men to appreciate what she has as much as I do," Joel told Tad with a smile on his face.
Shannon blushed and thanked him as she admired his good looks.
"I'd like to make a toast, this is to Shannon and her porn star body, may she bless us weekly with her amazing curves and sexy outfits, bottoms up!" Tad toasted.
"Fuck yes!" Joel shouted as Shannon blushed excitedly and downed her shot in one gulp.
Joel and Shannon drank for hours as they chatted. Tad continually flirted and hit on her to the excitement of both Shannon and Joel. They both noticed the bulge in Tads pants grow every time he made it over to flirt. Seeing Tads visible attraction to Shannon was intoxicating to the both of them. Tads attention caused her pussy to soak her sheer panties and caused his cock to be rock hard all night. Every time Shannon got up to use the little ladies room she made sure to walk closely by the tables filled with hot men. The attention she was receiving was unbelievable. All night long men stared longingly at Shannon as she giggled, laughed, and drank at the bar.
"All right Tad, thanks for the drinks, here is a fifty for all your kindness," Shannon whispered as she slid the bill across the bar to him.
"No, it's my pleasure, I hope you guys become regulars. We could really use a hot piece of ass like you to bring in the horny single men. I tell you what, come in weekly. The skimpier the outfit you wear, the more drinks my boss will let me comp for you. You scratch our backs, we'll scratch yours! If you know what I mean," Tad chuckled.
"Hehehe, I don't know how much skimpier I can go Tad! This outfit is pretty revealing right now," Shannon pointed out as she twirled for Tad.
"Baby, you can get a lot skimpier and naughtier than that! That's a basic sexy outfit. Your sexy ass body is what makes that outfit. Think of the heads you could turn with a real skimpy outfit combined with your body! I know you will come up with something special for your next visit," Tad winked at her as he talked.
Little did she know that the owner of Bull Riders had no such policy on comping drinks. Tad's business model was to entice wives to turn into hot exhibitionist sluts. It was the reason that he had single handedly doubled the bars profits in the last year. Single studs loved to hit on the hot milfs and Hotwives that were down to fuck.
"Thanks Tad, we will talk about it. You work next week?" Joel asked.
"Yup, every Friday and Saturday night until close," Tad answered.
"Great, we will see you next week stud!" Shannon teased as she licked her lips and waved good bye.
------
Joel threw Shannon onto the couch the second they walked through the front door of the house. He was ready to lay down the pipe! His cock was hard all night from watching the men at the bar drool longingly over his wife. Shannon sat and opened her legs invitingly. Her jean skirt slid up her legs exposing her soaking wet sheer black g-string. Joel got down on his knees and slowly ran his hands up both of her legs to her inner thighs and her hot pussy. His fingers lightly flicked her sheer g string.
"Oh my god baby! Your g-string is totally drenched in pussy juice!" Joel exclaimed.
"Mmm hmm, I know, seeing you so turned on by the men staring at me, along with Tad flirting all night made me so fucking horny," Shannon panted.
Joel pulled her panties off and slid two fingers into her hot wet snatch effortlessly. Shannon bucked on his fingers, moaning loudly as he fingered her pussy and g-spot while kissing her neck.
"Omg yes, I've wanted this all night! Take me Joel and fuck my brains out! Please don't make me wait," Shannon begged.
Joel didn't need to be told twice, he hadn't seen his wife this horny since before they were married. He skipped all the foreplay, pulled his shirt and pants off immediately and slammed his six inch cock into her dripping box. Shannon screamed in pleasure as his cock penetrated her. She pulled her massive tits out of her silk blouse and let her mini skirt ride up to her navel as Joel jack hammered her on the couch!
"Yes, yes, yes, fuck my pussy hard baby! Give it to me!" Shannon screamed.
Shannon imagined all the men staring at her as she was getting pounded by her husband. She hadn't felt so alive in years and Joel was fucking her with a renewed vigor she had not seen from him since their first year of dating. Most of all she was remembering Tad flirting and making passes at her.
That's when it happened, her switch flipped.
"Oh fuck! Yes! Fuck me Tad! Fuck me Tad!" Shannon screamed out.
Shannon immediately froze, realizing that she had just screamed out another mans name while her husband was fucking her.
"Oh baby, I'm so sorry, it just came out, I didn't mean it," Shannon whimpered.
"Don't fucking stop! I love it that you were thinking of him banging you, I trust you completely, embrace your desires!" Joel said to her as he continued to pump her swollen throbbing fuck hole.
Shannon moaned in pleasure as he renewed his deep thrusts into her. Shannon rolled her head back and once again visualized Tads 6'4 toned body ravishing her.
"Yes Tad, slam your cock in me, fuck my pussy Tad! Fuck me Tad! Fuck me Tad! Fuck me Taaaaaaddddddd!" Shannon bellowed as her pussy exploded with the biggest orgasm she had experienced in years.
Shannon's dripping swollen box and her talk of fucking Tad pushed Joel over the top.
"Fuck! I'm going to cum!" Joel panted.
The second her orgasming pussy released its hold on his cock, Joel pulled out and sent a long rope of cum from her belly button to her chin.
They both collapsed into each other's arms amazed at how great the sex was they just had. That's when Joel decided to go for it one hundred percent and lay all his desires on the table for his loving wife.
"I want you to be a Hotwife baby," Joel said.
He didn't know what type of response Shannon would give him, so he waited for her to reply with nervous anticipation.
"I want to be your Hotwife," Shannon whispered back. "I have never felt so alive as I have tonight. Something happened right before I called out Tads name. It was like a switch flipped. I know I want to be a hotwife for you, and now I realize.. for me also. This was just the thing we were looking for to get us out of our rut," Shannon replied with approval.
"Well then, I think we need to take Tad up on his suggestion that you dress in skimpier outfits when we visit Bull riders next week," Joel said.
"You're definitely right baby, start thinking of what you want me to tease in next week. I really want to make Tad do a double take when I walk in," Shannon said dreamily.
Joel smiled and grabbed Shannon's hand and led her to the bedroom.
"I love you more than the world Joel," Shannon whispered.
"I love you just as much Shannon," Joel whispered back.
TO BE CONTINUED