Warmth pressed its lips to my cheeks as I shuffled on my back to face the sun. I sighed in utter bliss, exhaling the stress of obligation and embracing the moment. Springs first bloom was now flush against the curves of my body as I lay in the secluded park. My little pocket of heaven in London. No roaring engines, no police sirens, no bustling streets. Just the sun and I, enjoying each other as she fed me the melanin I had lost over the winter. Bird calls echoed over the slight rush of water that flowed through the canal, almost lulling me to sleep. I thought of them, pondering the adventure of the parakeet colony that had escaped from London Zoo.
Despite being deep in thought, not one part of my body was unaware that he was lying next to me. I was aware of the heat emanating through his baggy black jumper, coaxing me to reach out and touch the chest muscles that made dips and peaks through said jumper. Aware of the way my shoulder-length locs tangled with his curly mane in a snake-like mess on the blanket. Aware that our legs had somehow become as tangled as our hair. We lay in silence, I felt a slight shudder pass through his body and I opened my left eye to peek at him. God, he was gorgeous.
Tall, dark and handsome (as cliche as it sounds) did not scrape the surface when it came to describing Tristan. I turned on my side to inspect deeply. His skin was a smooth caramel draped over immaculate bone structure and muscles that indicated an active life. I wanted to bite him. As if he heard my probing thoughts, he opened his large almond eyes which shone a gorgeous brown even as he lay in the shade. Full lips parted in a wide smile to show his white teeth and I nearly perished right there and then. With a groan and a stretch Tristan turned towards me, a few curls falling onto his face and wrapped his arms around my waist as he nuzzled into my breasts.
A gasp hitched in my throat at this brazen move and I laughed, "Are you enjoying yourself there?" He murmured a deep rumble back, "Mmmn, you feel so good." My heartbeat quickened and I quietly begged for it to slow down as I was sure he could feel the thumping. I tried calming myself down by stroking patterns into his back and he seemed to follow suit. Slowly and with an agonising pressure, his hands crept down from the small of my back to the swell of my ass. Now I was shook. Tristan grabbed a handful of my flesh and gave it a light tap to signify his approval. I held his head closer to my chest as we began to writhe in tandem like sex-starved snakes in a basket.
Breathing his scent in, a breathy moan escaped my lips and I felt him shiver in response, his fingers digging into my body. This was moving too fast! A minute ago we were old work friends who had met up after a few years of not seeing each other. Now we were intertwined on the floor and he pulled away from my chest to look up at me through those lashes, his eyes dark and hungry. That look gave me a flash of heat below my abdomen and I pressed my hips against him, needing him closer. Tristan clasped his large hand around my throat, eyes glinting mischievously at my surprise and obvious arousal. I loved how his skin looked against the deep cocoa of mine. He almost growled, "Can I kiss you?"
I moaned again, this time it was more than a breath, I love a man who understands consent and asks despite the dampness forming in my thong. "Yes." I moaned and in almost the same instant Tristan pressed his lips to mine. They were so soft. After a moment of exploring with light pecks, he took my bottom lip in his mouth and sucked gently. Groaning simultaneously our kiss turned feverish. Tristan's hands became rougher, grabbing me at my waist before squeezing my right breast and expertly finding my nipple to roll it tight between his index finger and thumb. My moans grew loud and uncontrollable in his mouth as my body begged for more. More touch, more spanks, more of him.
As if he read my thoughts, he pressed himself to me and I could feel his hardness against my leg. I reached down to stroke him but he spun me onto my back, landing on top of me with my arms pinned into the grass above my head. I didn't think he had this in him when we planned to meet or I would have worn my chastity belt. Bewildered, I met his gaze and his skin was burning slightly red. Tristan lowered his mouth to my ear and whispered, "If you touch my dick, I'm going to fuck you right here in this park. Let's go back to mine." I could feel his warm breath on my neck and my chest heaved. All I could muster was a nod. He leant down to kiss me full on the lips with my hands still pinned above my head, our tongues lightly touching, tasting each other.
My mind swam in lust. Usually, I initiate sexual advances and I'm generally quite confident in doing so. This man took me by surprise, put me in my paces and had me mewling at his feet (and soon his crotch). Trying to gain some of my power back, I wrapped my legs around his waist and pulled him in with my toned thighs. Thank fuck for the gym, I thought as he caved in and slammed against me. Tristan chuckled darkly, "You're a problem, you know that?" I smiled with mock sweetness and shook my head innocently. Clasping both wrists in one hand and holding me in place with his body, he slowly trailed his hand down to grab my ankle. Our eyes were fused, heat building. His long fingers reached for the zip of my shorts. I licked my lips in anticipation. My hips squirmed. He paused, making me wait. After what seemed like aeons he unzipped me. I felt the cool air brush against my heat.
And then I woke up.
Sweaty. Disappointed. And horny as fuck.