Note from Bookbuddy: This series of tails filed under Novel follows a group of like mind people who join forces to create a world where sex and love are separate worlds. They build a community focused on bringing all forms of sexual activity to those pursuing it for pleasure without shame.
New readers, I recommend starting at chapter 1 to fully understand the characters and background. Everyone else thanks for continuing to support this tale.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
They walked into his favourite pub, barely a hundred meters from the club they met in. A guy sat with a guitar in the corner and Dave steered his new friend to the furthest corner of the room, away from the noise. Staring into each other's eyes, the two settle in comfortable armchairs.
"What're you having?" Dave asked
"I'm not sure whether to get pissed, and not care what happens tonight, or take it easy and savour the moment." She replied with fun in her voice. "Of course, drinking too much might make me vomit. That would be the end for both of us."
Dave knew how she felt; he had exactly the same fear. Desperately he wanted company, and she was a very attractive option, although in the back of his mind he never again wanted to be in the situation he had experienced with Terresa. The emotional damage from a minor incident, at the moment tiny, could turn into full insecurity. Time would tell. He needed to work harder at enjoying life.
Dave stood up and leaned into her, putting his mouth close to hers, a spontaneous move he didn't think through.
"Don't get pissed. Enjoy the moment. I don't like kissing women who have vomited."
He breathed at her with their cheeks touching. Her tongue came out to caress his lips as their mouths brushed. She slid her tongue around his lips, forcing it into his mouth, searching for his tongue. Responding to the passion from her fiery breath, his penis warmed, as it became wetter at the tip, pushing against his underwear. Afraid it showed through his tightly packed trousers, he shifted his stance, pushing it with the palm of his hand.
"Excuse me!" A voice interrupted them. "What can I get you?"
"A threesome, if he's part of the deal?" She whispered in Dave's ear.
"Two glasses of Kiwi Sav Blanc, large thanks." Dave said loudly and directly to the waiter.
Dave looked deep into her eyes and whispered. "I hope that suits, madam."
"Perfect." she gasped back in his ear quietly, "But you didn't inquire about the threesome."
"No problems sir, I will be just a moment." The waiter interrupted their conversation and turned and left for the bar.
"You're really very naughty, he could have heard you." Dave's face had not left hers and he was still standing over her in her chair. "I think you need a good spanking." he laughed, "Rather than a good shagging."
"I think I need a good spanking and a good shagging." She said, staring directly into his eyes and followed with, "If he heard, he might be keen on joining us."
"Fuck, there is no stopping you, is there."
"You want me to stop, or just enjoy the moment and hope it comes true?"
"You know the answer to that?"
She put her head back and laughed. "You are such a man. Fuck first and then think." She reached out to his crotch and stroked the hard lump in his pants. "Your dick is ready to start right now. Want to start in the pub do you."
"If you do." Their faces were very close, still bending over her with his lips touching hers as he spoke.
"I would, but we might get arrested before I reached climax. What a waste."
"True, and anyway I control when you climax, not your decision." Dave asserting his domination of the conversation.
"You are so full of bullshit; I will control the tempo when we shag. You will cum when I let you cum, no question." She replied through smiling eyes.
"Big words, we'll see how it works when I have you naked across my knee with your bare arse hanging out, making your butt cheeks glow red."
"Fuck, you say the sweetest things on a first date." she smiled back.
"Is this a first date?" He asked.
"I hope so." She whispered.
He reached forward again with his mouth and planted it firmly on hers. She immediately responds by pushing her tongue deeply between his lips, playing with his tongue. His body was screaming to touch her all over, his mind was ripping her top down to reveal her breasts. He wanted to grab them and suck them, his dick was miss behaving in his pants. He couldn't believe he was doing this in a pub in such an obvious place.
"Your drinks, sir." The waiter interrupted, holding a tray with two glasses on.
Thank god for that, he thought. Dave was close to unzipping his fly and hell with the consequences. Sitting down in his seat, he faced his new friend, or lover, or one-night stand or whatever she was. He realised they were making plans for an evening of sizzling sex and he didn't even know her name. They never found it necessary to exchange that trivia.
"What's your name, anyway? It's weird we haven't exchanged handles yet." He was about to introduce himself, and she reached over, placing her forefinger on his lips.
"Shush, I don't need to know and neither do you. I am just some bird you picked up in a club."
"Okay, if that's the way you want it, I'll call you bitch."
"No! She was firm." Call me a slut, because right now I am a total slut, but don't call me a bitch. I don't intend to be a bitch, maybe a sexy slut who makes you very, very happy."
"Okay, miss slut, here's to us."
"It's not marriage, it's a one-night fuck session."
"Boy, you know how to put a guy down, don't you."
She laughed out loud with her head back. "We are going to have a lot of fun over the next 24 hours."
"Woo, I have work tomorrow morning."
"You probably won't make it. I am not investing all this effort for a sex session that lasts only a few hours. Fuck that, I want to wreck both our bodies."
He noted she had slipped her black high heels off and shifted her left foot up to his lap, where under the table, she was gently massaging his cock with her toes.
"You are full of it, one good spanking and a good shafting and you will be done."
"Don't count on its buddy. I have staying power, you should talk to my flatmate."
"What the poof who takes it up the arse."
"Not fare, he is absolutely Bi, I bet you are Bi given the opportunity."
"Fuck off!"
"We'll see, we'll see."
The singer had started up again, and they sat quietly, listening to the music and holding hands for a good ten minutes. She kept the slow massage of his cock entire time; he thought at one point he would explode, but he had pushed it back. It ached like hell.
During a break, she bent over towards him, nearly spilling her breasts all over the table, and whispered to him.
"Go to the toilets and take a selfie of your hard prick." She sat up.
"What! Why?"
"I am not pinning my hopes on a guy who has a pencil for a dick." She surprised Dave with her sudden self assurance. In nightclub she had shown none of this, now she was a confident, assertive woman.
"Geez thanks, anyway, what's your choice."
"Fuck off, I can take that singer home. I bet if I flash him, he'd be drooling to be with me. You told me in the club, all the men want to fuck me, why would he be any different. Remember, you said."
"Jeeze, you are a little slut, aren't you? I'm not getting a bill tomorrow morning, am I."
"Fuck You." Her response was furious. Her whole demeanour had changed. She sat back, withdrew her foot, and folded her arms.
"Sorry, I wasn't sure. I've never been in a situation like this before."
"You're very nice. I loved the way you sympathised. I need to get my feelings of being a worthless lover out of my system and, frankly, I want a good fuck. OKAY."
"OKAY. You really want a photo of my dick?"
"Yes, of course I do. I can keep it in my wallet and show it to my girlfriends as my boyfriend."
"You're kidding."
She laughed. "Yes I am kidding, now get that photo, before it falls all flaccid and I have to come to loos and suck it up again."
"Such a slut." He said as he headed into the mens.
Dave went to a stall and flopped out his extended cock, pulling the skin back off the foreskin and positioning it against the white tile wall to take the photo. He snapped five unique pictures, so he had something she would like. Took a pee and put it back in his trousers before heading back to the seat. As he crossed the room, he saw she wasn't there. She was at the stage talking and laughing with the singer.
"Fuck such a slut." She had deserted him, even taken her wineglass with her. There she stood, deep in conversation with the singer..
He sat down at their table, feeling silly with the dick photos on his phone. He considered deleting them. What a fool he had been. She is taking to him for a ride. He should have known better.
"Fuck, Fuck, Fuck." He was so disappointed; He couldn't figure out if it was the sex he would miss out on or because he had truly liked the girl or again because she was the second girl tonight to humiliate him.
Suddenly she was there, standing at the table.
"Show me your dick." She said.
"I took a few pics."
"Well, give them to me to look at."
She went through them slowly on his phone with a great deal of concentration.
"I supposed it was a while since I excited it. It'll pass, but only just."
"You are such a B...."
"Slut, make sure you don't call me the B word or it's all over."
"Piece of work. Take your knickers off so I can see your pussy."
"Fair enough, I will go to the ladies."
"No, take them off right here, right now, I want to see your cunt winking at me."
"No, people will notice."
"No, they won't. Do as you're told and get them knickers off."
"Fuck you!"
"Okay, I will leave you to the singer." He stood up, sculled back the last of his wine and turned to leave the bar.
"Screw you, OK, but come and sit in front of me to shield me."
"Fair enough." He sat down. She moved herself in the chair and slipped her hands around her rear to pull the panties from the back. She had white lacy underwear that didn't cover her buttocks, only put a strip of cloth through her arse crack and decorated the top of her waist with lace, with a small V shape over her private parts. If not aroused earlier, he was now.
"Are you sure you want this? It doesn't seem fair."
"Life isn't fair. Get those knickers off now or I am walking via the musician."
"Bastard."
"Now! You started this with the dick photos. get them off now and give them to me."
"Arsehole." She muttered as she completed the removal of her underwear.
"Good girl, now hand them to me." She scowled as she passed them, scrunched up under the table to him.
"Now turn to me and spread your legs. I need to see you aren't a hairy gorilla down there, otherwise it's no deal."
"You want me to show you in public."
"It's not public. Spread your legs so I can see what I am getting for tonight's main menu."
She opened her thighs for a moment, leaving this beautiful mound, with nothing showing like a half peach at the end of her torso. He thought, I'm looking forward to seeing more of this, and playing with it for hours.
"Now when the waiter comes over to replace our drinks, you make sure you perform, as you did when you had knickers on."
"I didn't perform as you put it."
"Don't argue you did! I want him to see that naked pussy."
"Shit, you are such an arsehole."
"Now, now first lovers' tiff, you're already in for a spanking for your behaviour earlier and now it's just getting worse." He might have to find a wooden spoon and not the flat of his hand.
"You wish."
"Another drink, folks?" The waiter had returned as if he had heard the conversation. Dave realised the waiter had positioned himself over his shoulder, so he had a splendid view between his partner's limbs. He signalled for her to spread. She gave him a dark stare. He signalled again, and she complied. He smiled. Victory, control, fantastic. Her legs parted, revealing that wonderful white mound. He could hear the whistle through the waiter's teeth.
"You got what you need?" He asked the guy.
"Yes sir, thank you, sir."
"My pleasure." Dave grinned at his partner. She scowled again.
"Brilliant, now again, when he delivers. He got a rush from that; I think he is going back to rub himself."
"I didn't expect I could do it, but boy, did he react to seeing my pussy. I think you are right. He wants to fuck me, too. He will get a real eye full next time."
"Good girl, you are fantastic when you get a little push."
"Can we go when we have finished this wine? I am excited enough, need no more encouragement."
"Sure, just give the waiter another good glimpse."
"You dirty bugger."
"Yes."
He found it difficult to understand why he was behaving this way with this young lady; he knew nothing about her, not even her name. They had latched onto each other as if they had known each other for years. Dave thought he couldn't give a fuck attitude came from the heavy rejection from Terresa. She would have walked out in disgust if he had asked her to take underwear off in public, and she certainly want photos of his dick. They broke up in such an awful way to end their liaison. He wasn't prepared to invest anything in a new relationship. Too soon, he'd been slung out of one relationship. But boy, this chick was fun. Keep being a hard arse and see where it leads. Nothing to lose, he told himself.
"What's the plan." His companion asked. "My place and watch two queers fucking each other's bums or yours?"
"Mine could be interesting as well, you know." Dave laughed. He half wanted to tell her his story, but he didn't need a sympathy vote. He decided if Terresa and John were still there, he would head to the bedroom. If not, it didn't matter. He'd love them to walk in with him spanking his new friend on the couch.
"So why do you say that?" She inquired.
He leant over and kissed her and said. "Doesn't worry me what will be will be. Mine, but my house, my rules and you are going to get that spanking."
"You wish." She laughed as they stood up. "I need a pee, wait at the door for me."
"Okay." Who knows the future and what surprises life will spring on us, he thought as he crossed the room to the double wooden doors. He knew this. He would be more open and speak his mind more often, saying what he really thinks rather than get locked into that world he had been in his previous relationship. This was a fun trip, and he wanted it to stay fun forever. He hoped the cab ride home is as much fun with no surprises when he reached his flat. He was to realise that his life would never be the same, she would completely change his and many others' perspective. She really took the cake. He couldn't believe how quickly she had gotten under his skin.