Editor's note: this submission contains scenes of incest or incest content.
*
Corrine was a budding young actress, and had enrolled in her university's film school in hopes of pursuing not only an acting career, but learning the ins and outs of film making as well. Her dream was to write, star in, direct and film something that would get her recognition at some of the independent film festivals, like Cannes and Sundance.
She studied astutely, everything her professor explained, and made several friends with other students in the process. Everyone liked her, and her bubbly personality. She was one of those people that you just HAD to like. Over the course of the first year, she had teamed up with four other young women; Tina, Sallee, Kira and Kat to make a tight knit team. All five girls seemed to think alike, so when it came time to make a short film for their final grade, they all opted to work on the project together. The problem was, however, what would the project be?
Over the years, almost every idea had been run into the ground, Essentially, every story was a ripoff of something else. The professors knew this, so leeway was given. Corrine though, known better to her friends as Corrie, decided to use this same approach, but with a brand new twist that no one in the school would see coming; neither any other professor nor student. She was determined to get herself and her friends as well, an A+ on this project.
"Okay," Professor Carr addressed the class, "as you all know full well, the time has come for you to make a short film and present it to this body. It will count fully seventy five percent of your final grade, so make it count!You may work either independently, or as a team. I need you all to submit your groups at the end of this class."
Corrie, Tina, Kira, Sallee and Kat all looked at one another and nodded. They knew they would work well together, but what would they do? More importantly, what could they come up with to blow everyone else away and get an A+ on this project? Even better, would it be worthy of submission to the film festivals?
The quintet registered with their professor as a team. He nodded and addressed them.
"I think you have the best minds in this class," he noted, "but you have to understand that the more of you working together on this, the better the quality that I expect. The five of you have tremendous potential, so I expect something that will knock my socks off, got it?"
"Yes Sir!" the girls replied in unison.
"Good. You have eight weeks to put this all together and make it happen. I'm expecting great things from you, so don't let me down."
The tweens filed out of the classroom and regrouped in the central area between the buildings, where smoking was still allowed.
"Shit!" Tina muttered, as she fired up. "What the fuck are we going to do? Anyone have any bright ideas?"
"Well," Corrie began, "I like the idea of a homemade movie that's made to look like a documentary."
"Yeah, the guys that did it the first time spent like, thirty four grand and grossed a hundred and twelve million bucks." Sallee added. "Problem is, everyone else latched onto it, and now it's just a ripoff."
"That movie was supposed to be scary." Corrie followed up. "What if we actually interview the witch?"
"Wait a minute!" Kira said excitedly. "Like a behind the scenes of the Blair Witch Project! That would be a different twist."
"Tits and ass always get good results." Kat offered. "Maybe the witch is a nudist and spends her days wandering the forest without any clothes on."
"Maybe she's a lesbian too!" Tina snorted. "And she suckers in all of these young college girls to join her in a naked lifestyle of sex and debauchery in the forest, so they can all get an A on their project."
She was of course, being completely sarcastic, but Corrie picked up on the idea and decided to run with it.
"Tina, that's brilliant!" she exclaimed. "A lesbian witch. We go to interview her, and one by one, she converts all of us into lesbian nudists!"
"Are you on drugs?!" Tina demanded. "That's the dumbest fucking thing I've ever heard of! It sounds like a cheap porn flick."
"It's not porn," Sallee chimed in, "it's art, and I like it."
"Me too!" Kira said enthusiastically. "Look, I've always wanted to try it with another chick, and I don't think there isn't one of us who wouldn't love to strip in the woods and run around naked."
"Guilty as charged." Kat admitted. "So who's the witch going to be?"
"It was Corrie's idea to put this whole thing together." Sallee said slyly. "I think she should be the one to woo all of us into her sordid lifestyle."
"I second that!" Kira said with a grin.
"Wait!" Corrie protested. "I-"
"I third it!" Tina said with a smirk. "You started this whole witch idea; you get to be the witch. That means you have to lick all of our pussies, Corrie!"
Corrie stood speechless for a minute, as all of this sank in.
"And it also means that all of you have to lick mine." she responded. "And in the final scene, it's going to be an all-out lesbian orgy between all of us around a campfire."
"In a thunderstorm!" Sallee added. "All of that thunder and lightning, as the rain pours down on us."
"Turning the ground into mud." Corrie suggested. "And we all end up fucking and sucking each other as we roll around in the mud and covered in a sticky, gooey mess."
"Sounds hot to me!" Kira exclaimed. "Hell, I don't care if we get an F, just the thrill of this all being caught on film is good enough for me!"
"Me too!" Kat said excitedly. "I love it!"
"So then, what will we call it?" Corrie inquired.
"The BARE Witch Project!" Tina suggested.
"I think we have a winner!" Corrie replied. "Let's rent some equipment and come up with a story line."
"My uncle owns about a hundred and twenty five acres," Sallee said excitedly, as her enthusiasm grew. "It's all woods too, just like the original. He uses it for hunting. There's a cabin there and everything. It would be perfect."
"You think he'd let us shoot there?" Corrie inquired dubiously. "What if he wants to watch us at work?"
"We could always write in a spot for you to have a warlock lover." Sallee suggested. "Let him join in on all of the fun and action. He's a nice looking guy, Corrie. I think you'd love to take his cock in your cunt in the final orgy scene."
"On one condition." Corrie responded slyly. "You think he's such a nice looking guy; you take his cock in YOUR cunt too, Miss Priss!"
"Oh my god! Are you fucking kidding me?!" Sallee exclaimed. "Fuck my own uncle? Eww, Corrie!"
Corrie folded her arms and smirked.
"That's the deal." she stated flatly. "If I have to fuck him, you have to fuck him too."
"Maybe we should all fuck him." Kira suggested. "How good looking is he, anyway?"
"He used to be a model and an actor." Sallee replied, as she pulled out her phone. "Here's his credits on the IMDb."
"Damn!" Kat exclaimed, looking over Sallee's shoulder. "He's hot!"
"That's an older pic," Sallee explained, "but he's still a good looking dude. I've kind of had a thing for him for a while anyway, so I'll take the deal, Corrie. That is, if HE agrees to it. Maybe he'll think it's icky too."
"I'll bet he'll jump at the chance!" Corrie said with another smirk. "Chances are if you have a thing for him, he has one for you too. It tends to run in the family. Let's get it out in the open and have a group orgy- I mean, session."
"I'm game." Tina chimed in. "Go ahead and call your uncle, Sallee. Let's see if he's up to the idea, and if he'll meet with us to discuss the story line."
Two days later, the five girls met with Sallee's Uncle Jack at his cabin in the woods. They were all equally impressed by his looks, despite his being twenty years their senior. Some guys just get better looking with age, and Jack was one of them.
"These are my friends, Uncle Jack." Sallee said with a smile. "This is Corrie, Kat, Tina and Kira."
"Hello Ladies!" he greeted them with an enthusiastic smile. "Sallee told me you were all very attractive, but she failed to mention that you are all just drop-dead gorgeous! With a group of knockouts like you, you'll do fine!"
"Sallee showed us your IMDb page." Corrie responded. "We are very honored to let us use your spread here, and maybe give us some pointers; maybe help us out?"
"Sure!" he replied. "Anything for Sallee and her friends. So, what kind of a movie is this going to be, anyway?"
Sallee giggled.
"An artful nude." she replied.
"You want to do some naturist stuff?" he inquired carefully, feeling his way into the situation. "I'm fine with that. I just want to direct it."
Sallee giggled again.
"I told you!" she exclaimed. "Do I know my Uncle Jack or what?"
"I bet you'll look absolutely wonderful yourself, Sallee." he responded. "I've always been a little curious as to what you sport under those clothes of yours."
Sallee turned beet red, and Corrie guffawed.
"Told you!" she burst out. "I knew he'd wanna see you naked."
Jack seemed calmly amused at what was playing out. He knew how to handle those of the fairer sex, but tossing his own niece into the equation was something of a thrill and a challenge at the same time. Like many older men who are attracted to a younger member of their family, or even a cousin, he had a thing for his bubbly young niece.
"I'd love to see ALL of you naked." he said with a voice as soft as warm butter. "Every one of you are living dolls, and none of you have anything to be embarrassed or ashamed about. Take your clothes off and feel free. You'll love the way it feels. I do it all the time. It's one of the reasons I bought this place.
"Really?" Sallee responded. "I thought you bought this place to go hunting."
"That too." he answered with a smile. "It's a side benefit. The biggest one is having a place to retreat to, and take off all of my clothes. I love going for walks on all the paths I've made; feeling so free! You gals are going to like it too, I guarantee you."
He looked at Corrie and continued.
"So, lemme see your script. Let's see how we can make all of this work here. You know, sometimes the location doesn't quite work the way you envisioned it."
"I um, don't have one yet." she stammered. "I thought we could kind of wing it you know, like ad libbing?"
"Ad libbing can work very well," Jack replied with a nod, "but not as your main script. You still need some lines to work off of. If you try and do this without a working script, you'll fail your course. Tell me what you have in mind, Corrie."
"Well, it's like a takeoff on the Blair Witch Project." she explained. "I'm supposed to be the witch, and the rest of the girls interview people, and then me. We thought it would be a different twist on it."
"And the witch is the same age as the college girls interviewing her?" Jack noted. "No. That's not going to work, Corrie. You want the real witch to be an older warlock, and he's living right here in this cabin. The five of you stumble across my house while looking for a female witch, never realizing that she is really me. One by one, I lure you all into acts of debauchery, all the while convincing you to engage in the most wonderful lesbian acts I can think of.
"Let's start with you all meeting me here in the cabin, and then having the desire to strip all of your clothes off and run around the forest nude later on. I have gotten into your heads and convinced you to shed your clothes and your inhibitions. That is where you begin to engage in lesbian sex with each other, while one at a time, you all sneak back here to fuck me one on one. Even you, little Sallee-loo."
Jack looked at his cute little niece and smiled.
"That's the deal, Ladies." he said, as he leaned back and crossed his arms. "Take it or leave it. I'll help make this porn crap idea of yours into art, but you'll need my help to do it. Bottom line is that I want to fuck all of you multiple times, including my sweet little niece here. And yes Sallee, I want you and me to make the money shot. I want to pull out of your tight little cunt and shoot my load straight down your throat for the first spurt, and all over your cute little face for the rest of my ejaculation. Then, you put your wonderful mouth over my cock and clean me up. You game?"
Everyone cast their gaze upon Sallee, who nodded in response.
"Oh yes, Uncle Jack." she replied. "I've wanted you just as bad as you've wanted me. We'll give them a money shot like never before; the whole time all of it being an act of incest on top of it. Now that's entertainment!"
"Okay then!" Jack said enthusiastically. "Let's take a dry run and work that final scene out, shall we?"
Sallee nodded, and began removing her clothes. Once she was undressed and completely nude, her uncle took her by the hand and led her to the single bedroom in the small cabin. He quickly shed his clothes as well, and embraced his niece lovingly in his arms, as he slid hid his hands all over her nude body; finally squeezing her firm young tits in his hands.
"I've been attracted to you for so long." he murmured. "Such a beautiful girl! I love you so much!"
"I love you too, Uncle Jack." she responded, reaching down and tugging on his rock hard dick. "I have wanted to fuck you for so long! I want to feel that hot, throbbing cock inside of me! And fuck the script! This is a dry run. I want to feel you cum inside of me. Just let it go. I want to feel that warm cum shooting up inside of my cunt, Jack. I want you to fill me up, and I don't care if it's premium or regular. Just shoot me full of your high-test love."
"Let's make it happen, then." he suggested, as he continued caressing his niece's somewhat smallish but very perky B cup tits firmly in his hands. "Ever since you were a little girl... I love you, Sallee."
"I love you too, Uncle Jack." she whispered in reply. "Show everyone else here, just how much you really do love me."
Jack thrust her back and shoved her legs apart, leaving him plenty of room to move in between his niece's legs and slide his erect penis into her juicy, young vagina. His cock slip deep inside of her with no resistance, due to her sexual eagerness to fulfill her own fantasy. Thrust after thrust made those small titties jiggle, and before too long, Jack could hold it back no more.
"Oh Babygirl!" he gasped. "I'm going to cum! I'm gonna cum in your cunt, Sallee! Oh fucking shit..."
He groaned ecstatically, as he pumped spurt after spurt of his warm semen into his niece's tight little cunt.
"I love you so much!" he gasped, as he shot her full of love. "Oh Sallee, I love you!"
Jack pulled his now flaccid dick from her cunt and rolled onto his back. He gazed intently at his beautiful niece and smiled.
"Oh Babygirl, you are the best!" he gushed. "I have wanted to fuck you for so long. I'm sorry I didn't give you the facial, like I promised."
A round of applause erupted from everyone else there, and Jack smiled.
"She may be my niece," he said with a smile, "but each and every one of you are going to get the same thing. Oh my god, I just fucked my own niece and came in her cunt. Sallee, will you continue this with me, even after your movie is done?"
"Oh yes, Uncle Jack!" she burst out. "I want you all the time!"
He smiled at her.
"Good! Now for the rest of you, let's figure out how this script is going to go. I think you should start in town looking for information about the witch. Put your plan together and rent your equipment and head out into the woods. You stumble across my cabin, and I put the thought into all of your pretty little heads, that you want to take your clothes off. After you leave, you decide to strip and continue the search nude, all the while lusting after one another. That will set the scene for some of the early woodsy shots, with some good, girl on girl action. One by one, you all sneak back here to have sex with me, where you finally realize I'm the one you've been searching for the whole time."
"Ooh, I like it!" Corrie said excitedly, as he stood and wiped the cum off of his softened dick. "And at the end, we could have the final orgy scene where you cum on Sallee's face, but I have a suggestion to the scene, if I may."
"Of course." Jack replied. "This is your movie, after all. I'm here to consult you on this, not take the whole thing over."
"How about if we all go down on you together?" she suggested. "We could all give you a massage, and while two of us are still rubbing your legs and feet, one of us licking each nut, while Sallee sucks you off and takes the load into her open mouth and then on her face."
"I like it!" Jack concurred, as everyone else nodded and chatted in agreement. "So, why don't you girls stay here while we're shooting? We can do a lot of the sex scenes in here before we go to bed, and the outdoor stuff during the day. Kill two birds with one stone and save a lot of time and money. We can all take turns shooting the one on one stuff, and put the cam on a tall tripod with a wide angle lens for some of the group shots, and intersperse everything together in editing."
"Sounds good to me." Kira agreed.
"Me too!" Kat chimed in.
"Me three." Tina said with a grin. "It'll be like a sleepover, Girls!"
"Ever done a sleepover with a strange uncle before?" Jack inquired.
"No," Corrie admitted, "but it sure sounds fun!"
"It will be." he stated. "Are all of you over 21?"
"Yes," Sallee replied, "why?"
"A little alcohol will make it even more fun." he said with a smile. "I make my own triple X; 190 proof. Considering we'll be shooting XXX, it's only fitting."
"Ooh, maybe we could stumble across your still, out in the woods!" Tina exclaimed. "You could catch us and fuck us for being naughty trespassers."
"I'm already fucking you because I'm the witch." Jack noted. "Besides, I don't have a still out in the woods. I use an electric water distiller at home, and make small batches at a time. It's safer and easier that way. I like the idea though."
"What do the three X's mean on the old jugs anyway?" Kat inquired. "I've always wondered about that."
"It's a good question." he replied. "It showed it was distilled three times to get to 190 proof, or ninety five percent alcohol by volume."
"Oh okay, thanks." Kat said with a nod. "I just never knew."
"Now you do!" he said with a laugh. "Okay, you girls have a lot to get ready; equipment to rent and a few scenes to shoot in town. You won't need any wardrobe, that's for sure! Speaking of that, why don't the rest of you strip down, and I'll take you on a tour."
"Cool!" Sallee exclaimed. "We could even shoot a scene or two on our phones!"
"That's a great idea!" Jack agreed. "It'll give the impression that some of this is really done by a group of amateurs, Why don't you shoot everything that's POV on your phones? It would look even more realistic. Then the only thing you'll need the professional equipment for, is for the high quality shots, like the orgy scenes. The stuff in the forest can all be one of you shooting the others. If we need a professional shot, we'll use the camera."
"Okay," Sallee agreed. "Come on, take it off and let's go for a walk!"
Kat, Tina, Corrie and Kira all nodded, and began removing their clothes; tossing them into a pile on the floor. Once they were completely nude, Jack looked them over thoroughly, and nodded approvingly.
"I can't wait to fuck each and every one of you!" he burst out. "I especially can't wait to fuck you again, Sallee."
"Me too." she said with a smile. "I really liked it. I have an idea... what if in the story, it turns out that you fucked my mother twenty two years ago, and your really my father? Wouldn't that make the money shot even more realistic, being my uncle and all?"
"It sure would." he agreed with a nod. "Good addition to the story. Now come on Ladies, I want to show you around. Grab your phones and let's shoot some scenes!"
Everyone filed out the front door, and into the warm afternoon. Jack took them on a full tour of the property, including the stream and a nice mud hole nearby. Corrie became increasingly excited, as they approached the hole. It was not natural; it had been dug by Jack for the sole purpose of masturbation, and Corrie was enthralled with the idea of trying it out.
"This is a scene!" she bubbled excitedly. "Everyone get your phones ready. Who wants to join me?"
"Me!" everyone replied in unison.
Jack smiled.
"Someone give me their phone." he suggested. "I'll film it. Everyone start back over there, and dash for it. Wade into the muck and get all covered in it. Roll around and wallow in it like a bunch of pigs. Then, start masturbating. It'll be another good group sex scene. Does anyone squirt when they cum?"
"I do." Kat said, raising her hand.
"Good!" "Let me know when you're close, and I'll get a good POV shot. Maybe you can even hit the phone if you're lucky."
"Okay, that birch tree over there is your 1." Jack instructed. I want to get this shot from three different angles."
The young women each picked a spot as their own personal 1 (where you start each scene from). Jack got them lined up and started shooting.
"Rolling... and action!" he exclaimed.
The five nymphs all rushed at and then past him.
"Cut!" he hollered. "Back to 1!"
On the third take, he angled the shot so he could get them slogging into the slop. The young women were giggling like schoolgirls, as they waded into the soupy mess. One by one, thy all dropped to their knees and then fell into the orange muck, covering their gorgeous nude bodies, in the red, Southern clay, as they floundered around in the thick gooey mud.
It wasn't long until they were almost entirely covered, except for parts of their faces. Even their hair was full of the orange mud. Kat led the session, being the first to spread her legs and begin masturbating openly in front of everyone else. Soon, the five muddy nymphs were sighing blissfully, as Jack got shots from every angle.
"I'm gonna cum!" Kat groaned.
Jack waded into the goop and positioned himself about five feet directly in front of her parted legs. She grunted loudly, and several spurts of cum and urine shot from her cunt, striking the camera directly, just as he had envisioned.
"Perfect!" he exclaimed. "Now, it's MY turn!"
He set the phone on the dry ground and dropped to his own knees, grabbing Corrie by the waist and pulling her toward him. He grabbed a handful of mud in each hand and plopped it onto her tits, massaging them firmly. She squealed with pleasure and laughed.
Jack settled into the mud on his back, and began tugging on his cock. The girls all watched in fascination as he pleasured himself in front of them.
"Let me do it for you!" Kira begged. "I want to jerk you off, Jack!"
Corrie fumbled for the phone that was laying next to the pit and resumed shooting, as Kira mounted Sallee's uncle and tugged his stiff cock, while he squeezed her firm, young breasts.
"Here it comes!" he grunted. "Oh fuck!"
Long, ropy strands of semen shot from his penis and into Kira's open mouth.
"Mmm," she murmured, as she swallowed it, "you're going to love this, Sallee!"
Jack lay on his back, breathing heavily, and smiled.
"Let's scrape as much of this off as we can, and then rinse off in the creek." he suggested. "There's an outdoor shower back at the cabin too. Okay Corrie, cut! And THAT'S a wrap!"