I hope you enjoy this story.
Edited by DRGRIFFIN
Ivan make me another Sofia challenge
After letting Gavin off at the base, I was completely confused. There was no doubt I liked him. More than any man I had ever met. But he was gone, and it was likely I wouldn't see him again. At least I felt that way even though Proctor had assured me that giving me the knife was important. I knew I needed to get on with my life. My conclusion was that I needed to continue being Sofia. I was convinced that I was both the hard business woman, the rich bitch, Mercedes Ricci, lots of people knew and hated as well as the sex starved cougar, Sofia, many loved. While Sofia couldn't consume my time, it was very important for me to continue this thread and see where it went.
So, while I wanted to remember my time with Gavin, I was also anxious to get on with being Sofia.
When Ivan picked me up that Monday morning I was struggling to get into the Dr. Ricci mindset. As we neared the office Ivan said, "Dr. Ricci, I would like to discuss something with you, but it didn't appear that you wanted to be disturbed. Think there may be some time today I could come and talk about, ah, non-work-related stuff?"
Here was an opportunity for Sofia. I immediately knew what I was going to do. I was going to violate my keep Sofia and Mercedes time separate. But I needed this. At least I rationalized I did.
I smiled knowing what I was going to do and said, "Sure. Today I am going to be working out at the roof top area at lunch. We can talk there. Come there at 12:15 and I will leave the door unlocked. I will instruct Denise to have a sandwich prepared for both of us and you can bring those with you."
"I didn't know you were working out at lunch up there."
"Yes, my primary exercise is early morning at the gym at home, but I have made a routine of Yoga and lunch on the rooftop when I have time."
What I didn't tell him was that it was naked Yoga to get a full body tan. I used downloaded routines on an iPad.
Realizing that I would have a Sofia moment soon helped me with my longing for Gavin. I would invite Ivan to a quickie as we discussed what he wanted.
As usual my day was busy, but Denise managed to give me the hour and a half I wanted for myself. I went to the rooftop wearing a Yoga outfit at 11:30. This was my normal routine. I removed the yoga outfit as soon as I locked the room to the outdoor area and perform a 30 to 45-minute yoga routine, redress in the yoga outfit, have a quick sandwich and then change back in the Mercedes outfit in the private bathroom attached to my office.
As the routine was coming to the end, I unlocked the door. Ivan entered exactly at 12:15. I had just gotten into a downward facing dog with my ass pointed at the door. I could see it was Ivan by looking between my legs. I smiled at him with my mouth and my gapping pussy lips.
I said, "Glad it is you. Please lock the door. I will be with you in a minute."
He said as he repositioned his groin which I hoped was growing, "Don't mind me. I can watch this all afternoon. I can see you are tan all over and this is how. Lordy, you are sexy."
"Thank you, Ivan."
I stayed in downward facing dog long enough for him to memorize every inch of my fat pussy, then moved to a plank. I knew this accentuated my full bubble butt and my large breasts hung straight down. I stealthily observed him watching me. He couldn't take his eyes off my body. This was making me hot. Next, I moved to a Child's Pose. I was very flexible for a large woman. My breasts were mashed against my knees and my butt cheeks were flared to their max to display my tight rosebud. He was now visibly uncomfortable. He kept trying to position his hard penis in his pants where it wasn't uncomfortable.
My last pose was to get in the Reclined Cobbler's Pose which is the lying flat on your back with your feet together and knees spread as wide as possible. This gave him full view of a gapped open pussy and breast gently flattened on my chest from gravity.
I said, "Would you like a quickie? You look uncomfortable."
"What about the rule to keep Sofia and work separate."
"I am on my lunch break. But if you don't want this then fine." I pressed a finger into a sloppy wet pussy. Okay, no doubt I'm an exhibitionist.
He quickly removed his pants and underwear but kept his shirt on. He said, "Well, absolutely I want that fat pussy. That all over, no tan line luscious body is too sexy for words."
No foreplay was needed as he was hard already. He laid on me with his penis entering me in one movement. I wrapped my legs around his waist.
I said, "Humm... That feels good. Ivan, you have a nice dick."
"Thank you, Sofia. Your pussy is tight and warm. It wraps around my dick like no other."
He had a handful of one tit while bracing himself with the other hand. He was stroking my pussy slowly and steadily. I made a humming sound as a nice orgasm overtook me. I said, "That was nice one. Thank you. I needed that."
I unwrapped my legs from his back, placed them on the ground and elevated my hips into a bridge. I said, "This is the bridge pose in yoga. Like it."
"I like very much but won't that be tiring."
"Good for the abs and gluts."
"Glad I could be of help with your exercises." He picked up the pace. I could feel his penis deep inside me. Ivan really could fuck.
"Oh yeah, that is hitting such a good spot." The angle when I raised my hips helped his penis hit my extended clit. He was beginning to give me regular tremors throughout my body. I kept up a "Hummmm..."
Ivan said, "I am going to cum."
"Shoot it deep inside me. I want to feel you leaking out of me all afternoon."
As he started to erupt, so did I. The feel of his cum hitting my vulva increased the intensity of my orgasm. As he finished, I lower my hips, wrapped my legs around him, pulled him into me and kissed him. I said, "Thank you, Ivan. I needed that. But this won't become a habit. I will follow the separation rule from now on."
He said, "I think I know why this happened."
"Really. I would like to hear. But first let's get dressed and have a sandwich while you explain me to me."
After we dressed, I said, "Just curious, tell me why that happened."
"Kiko told me about Gavin, including the great blow job. You really like him a lot, but you have to get him out of your mind, well, you know. I was just a way to move on."
I laughed, "Close. You are pretty intuitive."
He laughed, "Actually, Kiko also predicted you would want to have a Sofia moment soon. I was a little surprised about today, so soon."
"Kiko knows me really well."
"She does. I wanted to talk to you about an opportunity to bring out Sofia. Big time. On Memorial Day, the apartment complex has a barbeque. It is by invitation which the boys have extended to you. The entertainment is a swimwear competition after we eat and drink beer the afternoon. They want you to enter."
"I'm not sure I understand. They want me to wear a bikini for someone to judge me against the twenty somethings that are likely to enter?"
"Sort of. Here is how it works. At about four the pool area is closed off to adult only. At seven the Sexiest Patriotic Outfit contest begins. The contest starts with the reveal of each contestant's outfit. Creativity and homemade is supposedly rewarded. Everyone not in the contest can buy votes represented by rubber bands with patriotic sayings on them. After the reveal, the contestants start lobbying to get votes. When the organizers decide the contest is over the rubber bands are counted. A male and female champion is crowned."
I thought for a minute. "Do the contestant change into the outfits just before the reveal?"
"Yes."
"What constitutes a legal outfit?"
"Now this is a matter of debate. Obviously the less worn the better. The bottom, ha, line for men is their penis must be covered. For women, the clit and nipples must be covered. There is also supposed to be something patriotic on it."
"What do you mean by lobbying?"
"Well to be honest, I don't know. It is up to the contestants. Last year the winner allowed a lot of groping and touching. And it may have gone further. I don't know. This is the third year the complex has done this, and it seems to get more and more raunchy. It didn't start that way but that seems to be the way to win the contest."
"How many people do you expect to be there?"
"Last year it was about forty. With more men than women."
"Are most of contestant very young?"
"So far, they have all been in their twenties, I think."
"Hum. That does sound like a challenge. Think I would embarrass myself? I mean I am older."
"I would say you have a good chance of winning. You will have the sexiest body there. I believe you or Linda would win against last year's winner. I think Linda will be your competition unless someone I don't know is entering. And let face it, Linda has no limits. But you have an excellent chance."
"Will you or Kiko be a contestant?"
"Not Kiko but I am considering it."
Here is the truth, I knew I was going to do it. I love a challenge. I wanted to win. I wanted the opportunity to entertain young men in any fashion required to please them.
"Count me in. I need to get back to work. I have to change back into Mercedes's clothing. Ah, thanks for the fuck. And for the invitation. I needed both."
I had meetings all afternoon but struggled to concentrate on them. I was thinking about the Memorial Day outing. It was so aggravating how this event was dominating my thoughts while I had such important and complex problems to solve at my business. I always had the ability to focus on problems.
I wanted a winning outfit. We had invested in a custom design business that could have designed me something special. But then how would Sofia the over-sexed cougar office worker come up with such an expensive outfit? I decided that Sofia would search on the internet for a ridiculous outfit. One that left nothing to the imagination.
So, I searched for sexy outfits on the internet. There was a category called micro-string bikinis I kept coming back to. Now I had never heard of such a thing. As I spent hours looking at these thin models I kept thinking what a big girl would look in these things. Most of them would be little to cover for my F's and fat dangling pussy. I imagined what I would look like to the twenty something boys. Thinking of them ogling my oversize proportions made me so hot. Over these nights, I masturbated several times with my largest vibrator with my largest butt plug ensconced in my ass. I had huge orgasms. Then I would fall asleep and dream either about Gavin fucking me or parading around Ivan pool wearing these next to nothing outfits.
I knew I had to decide on something. After nights of research, fanaticizing and masturbation session, I decided to order several outfits. None of them cost more than $25. Easier to buy them and pick the one I liked the best. While doing these searches I also came across any number of cheap body chains and adornments. I even wondered into some BDSM sites that had things I had never seen before. I was curious, so I ordered an assortment of stuff.
I knew the BBQ and contest would be more than just a tit show, but my imagination went wild with what it would be. My thoughts both excited me and dominated my thoughts. I wanted to win. After all, I like to win.
The stuff I ordered started coming. Each night I tried on the new arrivals. And each night I played with myself. I couldn't keep my hands off my pussy in spite of myself. Looking in the mirror, imagining walking around the pool, left me over wrought.
At some point I must have ordered a new type of vibrator. But when I opened the package I couldn't even remember buying it. I was out of control. It was called a Womanizer Deluxe. It advertised itself as a Clitoral Stimulator. It was small compared to the larger than life penis-like things I had been using and looked nothing like a penis. I read the directions and just the directions turned me on.
I put it down as I tried on a thing call a Microkini Slingshot Bikini that had a flag pattern on the small amount of material. I walked back and forth in front of a full-length mirror, thinking about the young men that would be looking at me that weekend. I got more and more excited. My knees got weak. I turned and looked in the mirror to see my F's pushed out both sides of the flag. My big fat pussy lips being pushed out both sides of a string like gusset. My small-penis looking clit was elongated and wanted attention.
I picked up the Womanizer, turned it on, and thought 'this thing won't do anything.' I placed it over my elongated pleasure spot and had a giant organism. Still looking in the mirror my body shook from the force of the pleasure this little device was giving me. I spread my legs a little more and squatted a little. Another wave past through me. I had to stop this or fall. I reluctantly pulled it away from my body, leaned against the mirror to get my breathing under control.
For hours I laid in bed with various devices being used in combination with the Womanizer. I put in an anal plug. I took a large dildo and shoved it all the up my oversized vagina and used the Womanizer and had more organisms. Eventually I fell asleep from the exhaustion of sex toys and fantasizing about being a spectacle for young men's desires.
This left me struggling at work to keep these thoughts out of my head. It was everything I could do be stay the hard ass logical engineer. Thinking though boring data became hard to do when the thoughts of being screwed by hard bodied twenty-year-old males. I craved dick.
On Friday before the party, I decided to test some clamps among the large selection I had. I wanted to see if the nipple and labia clamps could be worn for extended periods of time without too much pain. I couldn't wear panties while wearing the labia clamps. For the first time I went to work without underwear. I did wear a bra, but it was a thin stretchy bra that gave me room for the nipple clamps. I took several different style clamps to try during the day. That day my pussy stayed excited. I had to go to the bathroom several times to wipe the fluids from my thighs. I didn't want it to show on my dress. Yes, the clamps hurt but the pain made me more sensitive in these areas. I could feel additional sensations in my nipples just from the rubbing of the thin bra on my blood engorged clamped nipples.
The labia clamps didn't hurt so much as it did focus my attention between my legs. At one meeting, where a particular complex issue was being discussed, I had to have the lead analyst repeat his conclusions. Something that never happened to me.
At the end of the meeting my lead analyst, someone I had worked closely with since the beginnings of Ricci Security, asked, "Are you okay? You seemed to be somewhere else."
I told him, "I'm fine. I just have some personal things I am working through."
He asked, "Do you want to talk through it with me?"
This was something we did often. He was my favorite person to brainstorm with. He was smart and could think far ahead of most people. So, this was not a strange offer.
"Oh, no. I will be back to normal Monday."
"Always know, I am here for you. We have known each other a long time and I only want what is best for you."
I started to hug him, then realized this would make him even more concerned. I even had the bizarre thought of asking this old man to fuck me. I said, "Thanks. I know. And I you."
I got home late Friday night as we had dinner with a potential client for Ricci Security. It was strange to sit through this boring dinner wearing no panties with nipple and labia clamps. I again brought myself to the verge of an orgasm. This time using my vibrator and anal plug but not the womanizer. I knew I couldn't stop and would make myself tried for the next day. I must have gone for an hour, bringing myself to the verge and then stopping. Again, I dreamed of being fucked by an unceasing line of men. Men with large dicks. I awoke Saturday in a puddle of my own juices. I was in a state.
I worked out for more than an hour then sat in the sun nude. I had worked on my outfit all week and had it ready. I bathed, rubbed oil all over my body, and got every inch of myself ready to be viewed. Ivan had told me that we would have an opportunity to dress for the contest just before. I packed what I was going to wear for the contest and several large towels in a bag. I wore a pair of shorts with a tee shirt that had an American flag on the back.
"Are you ready?", Ivan asked as he picked me up.
"As ready as I can be."
"You look, anxious."
"I am."
"Don't be. This will be fun."
"I know. But, well, I am old, and this is a young person's game." I really was having doubts about doing this.
"I have to tell you the boys are betting you will win this."
"Oh, please don't tell me that. I don't want to let the boys down."
Memorial Day pool party
We arrived at the condo complex, just before four. There were cars everywhere. My stomach was tied in knots.
I knew Ivan could feel it as he said, "Please relax. Be Sofia. Have fun!"
"I will."
As we entered the pool area, there was a big sign, 'Memorial BBQ. Adults only. Don't enter if nudity offends you.'
I couldn't believe the number of people in this pool area. My best guess was that it was between fifty and a hundred people already. Mostly young but then I could see a few that were likely older than myself. I also guessed that there were twice as many males as females. Most of the females were in swimwear. I really wondered what I was doing here.
Ivan lead me to a table where his posse had congregated. They had brought lawn chairs.
Ray, Evan, and Alex were already there with Kiko and Linda. They were all in swimwear already. Linda and Kiko had on standard cut bikinis with beach covers.
Kiko and Linda jumped up and gave me a hug. They said, "So glad you came."
The boys standing said, "Good to have you here Sofia."
Evan asked, "How about a beer?" There were coolers all over the place. This was a bring your own party.
"Don't mind if I do? But I really need a shot of tequila."
Alex reached under his chair, "Now you're talking." He handed me a small plastic glass and poured me a shot.
I raised the glass, and said, "Here's to good friends."
The shot felt good going down. As I chased it with my first beer, I did relax a little.
Kiko said, "Ivan says you are going to enter the, ah, contest."
"I am unless I chicken out. Are you?"
"No, there is no way I can compete against you or Linda."
Linda said, "I am definitely going to enter."
I asked, "Have you done this before?"
"No this is my first time here. But the way Ivan describes it, it sounds like fun. Especially the part of, ah, lobbying for votes. I would think that would be why you would want to do it."
Ray said, "It is certainly the part we are excited about."
Ivan said, "So you are definitely going to enter?"
"If the boys really want me to. Sure. Am I going to get a vote from at least you boys? That way I won't be completely embarrassed. Who is going to give me a vote?"
They all raised their hands including Kiko.
Linda said, "I would give you a vote, but contestants can't vote."
Alex said, "I am also thinking about entering. There is a men's award also."
I asked, "Alex is the only one entering?"
They all shook their heads. Evan said, "We know that length matters in this contest so with him in we don't have a chance."
I was beginning to wonder what would be required to win. I could see a couple of girls already starting to go around to other tables. They were dressed in bikinis with beach covers. They seemed to be lobbying early.
Alex poured us another shot of tequila and I had my second beer. It was now about five and the crowd was continuing to build. The booze had relaxed me some, but I was anxious that these other girls were getting ahead of us. There were now three young attractive girls going from table to table. They were very friendly.
Linda said to me, "Do you see what I see?"
I said, "I do. Think we should join them?" My competitive juices began to kick in. Or maybe it was the booze.
Linda said, "I do. It also appears to me that the lobbying Ivan described is coming early. I expected this to start after the reveal not before."
Ivan said, "Yea, this was the lobbying I talked about. This seems to have escalated already. Don't know what to say. I can't believe so many people are here."
Someone came to a stage that had been set up in a courtyard next to the pool. An older man came to a microphone, "Okay folks the food is ready. Come and get it."
There were tables, blankets, and lawn chairs set up everywhere. The food was hamburgers and hot dogs that was free. There was also a food truck in the parking lot.
I said to Linda, "What do you want to do?"
"I think we should go be friendly."
I nodded, hating the thought but knew that is what needed to be done. "I'm not dressed for this. You look to be about right."
Linda asked Ivan, "Got a knife?"
"Sure."
Linda asked me, "Wearing underwear?"
"Yes."
Linda said, "Give me your knife. Let's go to the little girl's room."
I knew what she was going to do. We did our business. I didn't put back on my old lady drawers. Linda cut the legs out of the shorts leaving me with ragged short shorts. I could feel my ass cheeks peeking out from under the bottoms and the gusset cutting into my pussy. She undid the top button on the short and folded the top over leaving my tummy open and the dangling navel jewelry visible.
She said, "Let's see what the bra looks like."
I removed the tee shirt showing a white full-sized bra.
"Okay take it off." I removed it as she cut my tee shirt down the middle. I put it back on, only she tied it under my breasts, leaving me with a fair amount of cleavage and a bare stomach. She stepped back and said, "Best we can do."
I looked in the mirror and nodded. So off we went to make friends. I went by the boy's table to put my bra and panties in my bag with the reveal outfit.
Alex, chewing on a hamburger now, said, "Yeah, now that is more like it. That should help. I am sure you will make friends easily wearing that."
I didn't think I wanted to do this. It was one thing to pretend to be a sex-craved cougar in Ivan's apartment but another to walk up to people I didn't know looking like a, ah, um, slut. But then maybe that is what I was becoming.
There was a table I passed on the way to bathroom with older men. I thought maybe they would see me more favorably than most of the boys. By older I mean about my age.
I screwed up my courage, ha, walked up to their table as they were eating, put my hands on one of them, touched my hip to his shoulder, and said, "Hi, fellows. Sorry to disturb you but I wanted to introduce myself. My name is Sofia. I am entering the contest. Would you fellows help out someone who is older?"
The one I put my hand on looked up, almost directly staring at my left breast, and said, "Well how do you do. Gracious, you are stacked. Fellows what do you think?"
The one across from me said, "It is possible, but you may have to work for our vote. I mean you are gorgeous but are we going to see more of you?"
With a lustful smile, "I think you will approve of what I wear or don't wear."
The one I had my hand on said as he wrapped an arm around my upper thighs, "If you come by our table and let us have a closer look then maybe we give you a chance."
Another of the gentlemen said, "You know it may take more than a look to get my vote. Are you prepared to negotiate?"
Again, lustful smile, "Oh I am a great negotiator. You be thinking about what you want. I bet I can accommodate. How is that for negotiation?"
He said, "Come here baby and let me get a closer look."
I stepped closer and before I knew it he pulled me onto his lap. Then before I could get up his hand was on a breast. "My gawd, these things are big. Can't wait to see them."
I relaxed enough to realize I liked him groping my tits. "Oh, baby boy, you will get to see them and more. Just wait. Make sure to buy enough votes for me."
The way this contest went, according to Ivan, after our outfit reveal the organizer would sell rubber bands that were votes. Then the contestants would mingle with the crowd and collect the rubber bands which counted as votes. According to Ivan, this would involve being groped. He did say the winner had given at least one blow job. But that was the extent last year.
Still with a hand rubbing my big F through my shirt, he said, "Count on it baby, if I can get my hands on these things and maybe a little more."
Coyly, "I think that can be arranged." I kissed his forehead, pushing my jugs into him.
He said, "I can't wait. You feel that gun against your ass. That is for you."
I wiggled my ass, "Oh yeah baby, that feels like a nice one."
I heard a female voice say, "What is going on here?"
He propelled me off his lap, "Sofia this is Danny, my wife. Danny, Sofia. She was just wanting our vote for the contest."
Danny sat some beers on the table, extended a hand, "Hi Sofia. Have the boys been nice to you?"
As we shook, "They have been perfect gentlemen."
She laughed, "I doubt that. You have real potential. These boys are bad to the bone but looking at you that might be good. Do you mind a bad girl participating in the fun?"
I held onto her hand, "Not at all. Especially if I can get a vote."
She looked back at the boys and said, "Then by all mean come back when you are ready to play. We will have plenty of votes."
I released her hand, "Count on it. This will be my first stop."
As I turned away, the closest one slapped my ass. I blew him a kiss.
I managed to go by seven or eight tables over the next hour. I had two more shots as I went. It seemed the young men liked to drink straight out of the bottle. I had no idea what each were giving me, but each time it burned going down and hit me hard.
The announcer again came to the podium and announced that the girls had thirty minutes to get dressed and be back stage. By then I had a buzz from the drinks and a very wet pussy from the groping. I was wound tight not from worry any longer but wanting some relief from the sexual charge building inside of me. It was such a turn on to be gawked at, groped and propositioned like I had been the last hour.
I rushed over to Ivan's table. He accompanied me to the make shift changing area behind the stage.
Ivan was to ask the boys if they would give Linda and I their votes without going to their table.
As we walked I asked, "Are the boys all set?"
"Yes, they are good. You and Linda will owe them attention later. but you can count on them. They really want you to win. They have been talking to their buddies about giving you votes."
I hugged him as we got to the back, "Thanks I can take it from here."
Linda was already changing. The area behind the stage where we could change wasn't really private. Men and women were in various state of undress. I could hear a few talking.
One girl said, "I think they are expecting more than a little groping to get votes. I mean do you think we will have to do more?"
Another said, "I think it will take a blowjob or two."
First girl, "Not sure I am going to do that. This is not like any contest I have been in."
Second girl, "Yeah, this is going to get out of control. Everyone is drunk and some of these girls have no limit."
I wondered, 'Do I have a limit?' My wet groin told me I didn't.
Linda said, "Isn't this exciting?"
She was combing her hair wearing a bikini with very little material. She was wearing or barely wearing a string tear drop bikini. The tear-drop material barely covered her nipples and only covered her red areola because then were small. The tear drop were parts of the American flag. And the bottom only covered her pussy because she had thin smooth labia. The string was dental floss like making it almost invisible.
She talked to other contestants while I dressed. I managed to get a little privacy as I put on my outfit. I put on an open cup bra made of thin flesh colored strips. The strips formed a triangle around each breast. To this I had added a small American flag attached to the top of the triangle to dangle over my nipples. If I stood still the flag would stay in place. My bottoms consisted of a cheap heavy gold belly chain with a small American flag attached to dangle over my clitoris hood. By now, I was so excited my clitoris was extended.
I then put on the combination nipple and labia clamps. There was one clamp on each nipple and each labia lip. These clamps were adjustable for comfort and encircled the nipple and were padded. I had tried several and these were the most comfortable. They were connected by gold chains to my navel ring. Clamping the labia clamps excited me even more. The pressure from the clamps was making my engine roar. I looked in the mirror. No one could show more. I brushed my hair and added heavy makeup.
I put on a red, white and blue choker neckless, arm and thigh bands. I put on red very course fishnets and blue and white four-inch heels. I then inserted an anal plug with the fourth small American flag attached and hide my slit from behind. My continued use of anal plugs made this feel natural to me. My body pulsated from the excitement of it all.
I put on a red thigh length nylon robe. I was ready.
There were ten girls lined up for the reveal. I saw eleven males including Alex.
Alex yelled over, "Good luck girls."
Linda and I yelled back, "You too."
Linda was wearing a thin tee shirt which I was sure she would rip off to reveal her stacked thin young body.
She said, "The robe was a good idea."
The announcer stood in front of the two lines and said, "Good luck and have fun. Tell me your names as you come on the stage." He walked out, took the microphone, and yell, "Hi gang, I am Stanley the general manager of the home owner association. We started this party a few years ago for the home owners and it has grown ever since. It is amazing how it has grown. Are you having a good time!"
The crowd roared.
"The food is provided free of charge by the Condo Owner Association. We will start the competition for the Sexiest Patriotic Outfit in a minute. Your vote will select the winner. To vote you will need to buy these rubber bands. It is ten bucks per rubber band. They will be selling these until we decide the contest is over. The proceeds will go to Wounded Warriors. On top of that Ivan Orlov's employer has agreed to match the proceeds. So, vote often for your favorite boy or girl as they pass through the crowd."
Ivan had stepped onto the stage. He walked up to the announcer, who shook his hand and thanked him.
Ivan said, "The real thanks goes to my generous boss."
Linda looked back at me and mouthed a silent thank you.
The boys were introduced. I couldn't see what they were wearing but I assumed not much. I was behind Linda and I could hear a loud noise as I assumed was when she ripped the tee shirt off and revealed her teardrop string micro bikini.
It was my turn. The announcer said, "Next is Sofia."
I walked out on the stage with the short robe covering my outrageous outfit. I saw the boys in a line with seven of the ten girls lined up beside them. I again had the thought of what am I doing here. These girls were young and gorgeous. I did get the quick impression though that Linda was the clear winner with her big firm breasts, slim waist and hips. I nearly chickened out when I saw the crowd, mainly male, pressed against the low stage. I thought of the Spring Break videos one sees.
After a moment hesitation, I did what I had gone over in my head over and over the last few weeks. I almost went unconscious between anxiety and stimulation. I strutted to the front of the stage which was a couple feet off the ground. I put my hand on the sash holding the robe together. I paused to see if I could get a reaction. I did. There were calls to, "Show us what you got momma."
I opened the robe to reveal my lack of outfit. There was no doubt I was showing the most skin but then I had larger proportions than these girls.
I heard from someone close, "Holy shit. Now there is a MILF!"
I heard someone else say, "Cougar alert."
Another, "Now there is a flag I can salute."
I then turned to show my naked ass with the small American flag dangling from the anal plug. I bent over with my hands on my knees. I am sure those in front could see the labia clamps.
"That is just sick!"
"Holy shit, do you see that. She has a flag stuck in her ass and clamps on her pussy."
I turned and yelled, "What do you think?"
There was a chorus of, "Come down here and we will show you."
"You are one nasty momma. I would fuck you in a second."
Then the announced said, "Okay folks settle down. Thank you, Sofia, stand next to Linda. Now we have Lucy."
As I stepped next to Linda, she said, "Holy shit, that is something. Does it hurt?"
"A little but truthfully, I am so turned on I can hardly feel anything but the syrup running down my legs."
After two more almost naked girls the announcer said, "Those are your contestants. They will step down from the stage in a few minutes. But first the Association has chosen the most creative outfit. For the boy that is Earl. Step forward Earl."
Earl had painted patriotic sayings red, white and blue over his body. His penis was enclosed in a silicone sleeve with stars on it. I couldn't tell what kept it on, but it was clear he was well endowed. There was a lot of girl squealing.
The announcer placed a few bands on his arms and said, "This will give him a head start on winning the title tonight."
Earl stepped to the front of the stage and put his hands over his head in a Rocky pose.
The announcer then said, "And unanimously the female winner is?"
The announcer waited for the chorus, "Sofia, Sofia, ..."
He screamed, "That's right. Sofia step forward." He put some bands around my wrist. I stepped to the front of the stage, with cat calls coming from everyone, and gave a deep bow. My big breasts drooping low and my ass exposed to the people behind me. I turned around and repeated this exposing my big ass and floppy clamped pussy to the crowd and I got a roar of appreciation.
The announcer laughing, "Well I can see that choice is popular. Now the contestants will mingle to get votes. Be generous."
As I stepped down, my thought was that I would be very friendly, allow a little groping and maybe a blow job or two but that was it. I could barely take the three steps off the temporary stage because of the crowd in front of us. I was the next to last contestant to step off the final step and already the crowd had absorbed the other contestants. I could just see Linda being absorbed in the humanity pushed to near the stage, her little suit was already being pushed aside to let hands grope all areas of her body. She was making no effort to stop it.
Before my foot hit the deck, hands were already finding the most private parts of my body. I was heading to see the table with the older people to negotiate for their bands. But I could make very little progress. People were pulling on the clamps attached to my nipples and labia. While it hurt to have the skin pulled on these two sensitive areas it was also turning me on. Along with the hands that were rubbing my ass, stomach, legs, chest and all other spots, my lady bits were getting more and more excited. It seemed all the men groping me were very young and excited. Seeing these stiff dicks in swim trunks was also turning me on.
I finally moved away from the stage to get where there was more room, but I was nowhere near my destination of the older people. I was surrounded by four very young men. I felt a hand on each arm. One of them said as he rubbed my naked ass, "Hay baby, how about hanging with us for a little while?"
I felt hands sliding between my legs from both the front and back. Someone said, "This cougar is wet almost to her knees."
I felt fingers pushing the clips aside to enter my wet and wanting pussy. With at least four fingers in my vagina both front and behind, one of them found my elongated clitoris and I went weak in the knees. I had an orgasm and more juices flowed.
One of the young men said, "Fuck, this bitch just had a big orgasm. I think we should just fuck her."
I said after catching my breath, reaching into the trunks of what seemed like the leader and said, "Blow jobs for each of you for your votes." As I was stroked his excited member, I reached my left hand into the trunks another. I could sense their excitement. "What about a blow job?"
The leader moaned, "Okay, but it better be a good one."
I cooed, "It will be." They each put bands over my wrists as I pulled the trunks off the two on either side of me. The one in front removed the clamps from my nipples. I yelped, "Rub my nibbles baby." I needed to get the circulation back.
As he rubbed my nipples, I placed the two pairs of swim trunks on the deck for my knees. As I dropped to my knees the one in front of me was kneading my breasts. My elongated nipples were so sensitive. I again almost had an orgasm.
I got on my knees and alternated between the three I could reach. I felt the one behind me rubbing my ass. I was sure the strategically placed chains were out of the way. The three cocks in front of me were hard and all wanted to be relieved. The guy behind tired of just rubbing my ass and had now moved his hand to my labia. I felt the clamp on one labia being removed.
With a cock in my mouth, I gave a muffled cry. I released his dick and said loudly, "Rub my pussy, baby. Please." I felt the other clamp being release and I gave another cry. I then felt him rubbing my pussy. My sensitive lady part gave me a nice shutter. I said, "Oh yeah, that feels good. Rub me good."
The one to my left said, "Get to sucking, bitch. Earn it."
I focused on him as I stroked the other two. The one in back was attacking my pussy. I felt the strong craving to have my pussy fucked. I had to resist. I felt the one I focused on say, "Oh yeah, bitch. Suck that dick." In two more strokes, I felt cum hit the back of my throat. He gave a guttural moan. I managed to suck down most of his discharge.
I sucked in another penis while stroking the one to my right. Quickly the one in back of me replaced the one on my left. I had a dick in each hand while I sucked the one in front of me. I was sucking hard as I had leverage holding a dick in each hand. He said, "Yeah, you cougar bitch you really can suck a dick." With that he pulled out and shoot his stuff over my face and hair. He laughed, "Now that is what an experience cougar bitch should look like."
The one on my left stuck his dick in my mouth. He didn't last long as I had been stroking his hard cock while I did the first two. He also decided that I needed a cum shower. I then focused my efforts on number four. He also was ready to blow and decided he wanted to make a mess of me and shoot a third load over my chest.
As I was getting off my knees the leader said, "Now baby what about a fuck, I know you want it." He placed a finger at my now bare pussy. "Look at that guys, I know she wants it."
I said, "How many bands do you have?"
He frowned, "None. You got them all for the blow jobs. Give us a chance and we will get more."
I think the organizers hadn't realized what was going to happen. They had too few people selling bands. Just then Danny came up said, "Okay boys. It is our turn with this hot piece of cougar ass." Danny gave them a back off look and grabbed the clamps dangling from my navel ring.
Danny had taken off her cover. She was now wearing only a string bikini that hid very little of her tight body. I probably outweighed her forty pounds, but she was clearly in charge. As she fended off the guys as she led me to her table.
Once there she unclipped the chains holding the nipple and labia clamps, laying them on the table, saying, "Those are dangerous. I don't want to see you hurt. You have met my husband, he is going to fuck you while you give me head. We will give you ten bands. Deal?"
I was so hot I would have fucked him for nothing. "Deal."
They put me on a towel spread across a cooler. Danny's husband entered me as Danny straddled my face. Danny's husband had an average sized dick that felt very good as he entered. I was so revved up from the teasing going before this, I immediately had an orgasm. Danny straddled my face with her bikini bottoms off, saying, "I bet you know what to do."
I said just before sticking my tongue into her tight bear skinny vagina, "You bet I do. I am going to give you your money's worth."
I licked her pussy while her husband pounded my wanting cavernous pussy. Shortly she started to fuck my mouth instead of me sucking her pussy. She pushed down hard on my face as she fucked my mouth. I stuck my tongue into her vagina and did my best to find he clit with my hands. While this was happening, her husband continued to fuck me to repeated orgasms. I had both feet on the deck and could control the best angle to give the best sensations.
As he was pounding me he said to Danny, "I can feel that big dildo in her ass while I fuck her. Gawd, she feels good."
I realized the plug was still inserted in my ass and was being pushed deeper into my ass by the cooler. That pressure was giving me even greater sensation in my vagina.
Danny said, "Let's fuck her hard. She is sucking my pussy like a pro. Tommy boy, feel those tits. You are next."
I felt a pair of hands on my tits that were sticking up wanting some attention. Danny was rocking back and forth over my mouth rapidly now as her husband stroked in and out quickly. Danny began to squeal as she drenched my mouth with her orgasm. Her husband joined her, "Oh, shit, that feels goooooooddddddd!" He said this as he bucked into my already drenched pussy. His juices filled me up and began to ooze out the sides of my hole. Danny's juices joined the juices from the three boys who thought it was funny to blow their wads on my face.
Danny finally raised off me and hugged her husband. As I sat up she said, "Oh no we aren't done. Tommy boy here is my virgin son. You get ten bands to brake his cherry."
I looked at Tommy and asked, "How old is he?" He was small and looked very young.
Danny said, "Tell her son!"
He looked down, staring at my wide-open pussy that was dripping stuff down the cooler. I wondered what he thought. Would he find a cum cover forty-year-old woman sexy enough to screw?
Tommy said, still staring, "I am eighteen, my birthday was last week."
I took his chin in my hand and raised his eyes to look in mine and asked, "Do you want to fuck a cum covered old woman?"
He said with great sincerity, "Yes ma'am. You are beautiful. Can I?"
I smiled, "Yes you may. Do you want me to clean some of this off?"
Danny handed me a towel. I wiped off all I could. While still sitting on the cooler, I took him in my arms and kissed him.
His hands found my tits. I said, "Want to kiss them?"
He said, "Yes, ma'am."
He gently kissed my tits and nipples. I reached down and slid his shorts off and found his hard-little penis. He was small, even hard as he could be I guessed slightly less than five inches.
As I stroked his penis, I whispered, "Like those big old titties?"
He said, "Yes ma'am."
"It is always a good idea to complement a woman before you are going to screw her."
He looked at me in stress and said, "I am sorry, I love your body."
I giggled, "Thank you, young man. Now fuck me. Time is limited."
I laid back on the cooler as he entered me. I had to look down to make sure he was in. He was in all the way. My pussy was filled with his father's cum.
I decided to raise up to make my pussy a little tighter. Having the butt plug in helped and with this angle I could begin to feel some friction against my pelvis bone. I took hold of his hips and helped him get a rhythm that I liked. He had a handful of my F cups in each hand.
I whispered to him, "That feels good, little man." Even though I barely felt him. "You are doing well."
He gave me a big smile and said, "That feels good. You are so beautiful."
"Thank you."
I knew he wouldn't last long. I wrapped my arms around him and kissed him deeply. He started to cum and added to the fluid in my already full vagina. As he finished, I whispered, "Thank you, Tommy."
He smiled at me.
I heard, "Okay my turn," as a large older man towered over me.
Danny said, "This is Judd my brother." Danny was sitting on her husband lap. He was kissing her now naked tits. I could see he was getting aroused again.
Judd took hold of my arm, placing several bands around it as he said, "That pussy is too stretched. Time to work on the other hole."
He pulled me up and took the butt plug out. As he did I said, "The ass is off limits."
He said as he threw aside the big plug, slapped my ass and said, "Anybody that can walk around with that thing shoved up her ass can take this thing."
He took hold of his seven-inch apparatus, showing it to me. I decided that might feel good and said, "How many bands?"
He said, "Five."
I said, "Ten."
He said, "Done." He shoved my face down on the metal table. My big breasts were pressed against the metal as he had his hand around the back of my neck holding me down. He kicked my feet wide so that my stomach was holding me up. He did take some of the excess jizzum between my legs and shoved it in my already lubricated ass. He spit on his hand and moistened his member. He decided that was enough prep and shoved his hard thing in my tight hole.
As I had been wearing the butt plug for some time, my ass was ready for the assault. It accepted the entire seven inches with no problem.
I groaned from pleasure. He said, "I knew you were an ass whore. Who else would parade in front of a crowd like this with an American flag hanging out her ass?" He shoved as deep as he could and held it there. "Yeah, you ass whore. You like that don't you."
I said, "Hell yes, I am an ass whore. I love that dick in there."
Still holding my neck, he started stroking in and out of my butt hole. I had the biggest orgasm yet. He laughed, "Tommy boy, this is how you treat an old slut like this. They just want to be taken. And make it hard on them."
He gave me two hard long strokes in and out of me butt while he laughed. I had an orgasm. I was surprised he was still holding out. He had stamina for I knew my butt hole was tight on him.
I felt him lift my torso up and we sat back on the cooler. He said, "Here you go. You get her pussy while I fuck this ass."
I wasn't sure who he was talking to, but it was Danny's husband that entered my pussy. When we sat on the cooler, Judd's dick entered even deeper into my bowels. As Danny's husband entered my pussy, I struggled to say, "Another five bands."
Danny gave Tommy five bands and said, "Give this to her."
Tommy was still naked. With his uncle in my ass and father in my pussy, he put the bands on my arm. As he did I took his small, hard dick in my hand and stroked. My hands were slick from all the discharges covering my body.
Danny's husband said, "Man, now that is tight. Judd, I feel your dick."
Judd gave a laugh and said, "I feel yours."
Judd held both my knees and pulled me wide, making Danny's husband go even deeper. I had a huge orgasm. Judd said, "Did you feel this old slut bitch cum? Gawd, she is hot."
Danny came over and knelt behind her husband and started licking his ass while he fucked me. I was still stroking Tommy. He came first. He added spray to my stomach. Then Judd turned loose deep in my ass.
He laughed and said, "I know you felt that. That's going to take a while to come out."
I felt the fluid deep in my ass. He stayed in me until Danny's husband couldn't take it anymore. He added a second load to the one he had given me before and the one his son had deposited.
Before anyone could uncoil I felt a hand on my arm and someone saying, "Isn't that sweet. Mister and Mrs. Damn and the whole Damn family enjoying this slut. But now, cunt, it's real men time."
I looked up at a big towering figure. He had a big black bushy beard, hair over his chest and back, wearing nothing. He jerked me up and throw me over his shoulder.
He carried me with my ass in the air and tits dangling down his back. I placed my hands on his hard butt to help me stabilize as he carried me. There was no doubt this was one strong man. I could see his gluts ripple as he walked. He must have been at least six feet six. When we got to a more secluded area around the corner of the building, he placed me on a metal table.
There were about ten men in this area. All looked to be as rough as my captor. There were four men surrounding someone, engaging in various forms of sex. The girl was bent over at the waist with one guy fucking her from behind and another with his dick in her mouth. The other two seemed to be waiting their turn. Dicks already hard. I then saw the red hair and realized this was Linda.
The man said, "I'm Crusher." He noticed I was looking at what was being done to Linda. "Your friend there is racking up votes, but she couldn't take me and Cooter in the ass. Done okay with the rest of the boys but we thought about you and that big ass of yours. Are you game?"
I looked at the telephone pole between his legs and then the even larger one for the person I assumed was Cooter. Cooter was a big black man with a broad face and no hair anywhere. Not only was his slong larger, he was larger all over. "There is no way I can take that thing in my ass."
"What about twenty votes?" As I hesitated, I considered taking the challenge, he said, "Bend over."
Crusher grabbed a handful of each butt cheek and pulled apart. He laughed, "Look at this Cooter. This girl is already gaping open ready for us. Girl that ass of yours is begging to have a real man's dick. Your ass is winking at us. Just try it. Linda did but she has that skinny ass and we gave her to the over boys. Me and Cooter want you. Don't we Cooter?"
"Yeah, I want to fuck that ass."
I raised up, turned and took his dick in my hand. It was semi hard. I never knew a dick could get this big. Something came over me as I dropped to my knees and took the tip in my mouth. Both hands wrapped around his slab. As I stroked it, I spread as much saliva as I could up and down the shaft. He was getting hard now. This thing kept getting larger. He said, "That it my cougar bitch. Make that thing hard."
When he was fully hard, he picked me up and placed me in a metal chair backward, pulled my ass to the edge of the chair, my pussy pressing into the back of the chair seat. He pushed my head onto the chair back, and said, "Bitch you are going to love this."
I felt the tip of his big dick to the edge of my sphincter. I knew what was going to happen. I knew what to do and I thought I was up to this challenged. I pushed out like I was going to the bathroom. Crusher saw my sphincter open and he pushed in. It hurt but wasn't as bad as I thought it would be.
Crusher laughed, "I told you Cooter this girl is an anal slut. Her ass took almost the whole thing in the first push and she didn't even whimper. Tell him bitch you love my dick in your asshole."
I said, "Cooter, I love his big dick shoved in my ass. I want him to fuck me like the anal cougar I am. Oh yeah, fuck me."
What was I saying. Cooter laughed, stuck his dick in my mouth and said, "Get me ready bitch. I am going to take that ass when Crusher get you stretched out for me."
Crusher was making slow moves back and forth. I think he was wanting to make it last, but it gave me a chance to get used to not only the length but the girth. This thing felt like it was as big as a coke can. But I had to admit it felt good. It was so big and long, it stimulated my already stimulated G-Spot and clitoris. Plus, I was able to adjust where the edge of the chair seat was striking my clit with each of his strokes in. The orgasms were coming often, and they were large.
He picked up the pace and the energy until I started feeling his balls bouncing off my pussy. Crusher said, "This anal mother is taking the whole thing. Boy it is tight, and it feels good. She is having orgasms that are squeezing my dick. My gawd, this mother is a butt fucking bitch."
While Crusher was fucking my ass, I was getting Cooter ready. His dick was a little larger than Crusher's. I had both hands around it and the tip in my mouth. He was pushing to the back of my throat and both hands still fit on the shaft.
Crusher said, "Oh yeah, bitch take this." He held his pole as deep as he could and pushed what felt like a gallon of cum into my ass. He screamed, "Oh yeah, that is as good as it gets. Bitch, you have one great ass. That thing is not only big and beautiful, but it played my schlong like it was a trumpet. Man, you can fuck."
I felt his big dick beginning to shrink. He wasn't pulling out yet. Cooter got impatient and said, "Get that dick out of this anal slut's ass. My turn."
Crusher pulled out, fluid squirted out and made a gross sound. Crusher laughed, "Beautiful music."
Crusher came around to my mouth and said, "Here cunt, clean this thing off."
As I was licking him clean, Cooter lined up his dick and placed it at the entry of my anus. Cooter said, "This thing is wide open." He pushed his dick in and laughed. "First time a bitch took that much the first shove. Oh yeah, that feels just right. I am going to wear that hole out."
I continued to lick Crusher as Cooter pounded my ass with what was a slightly larger telephone pole. I couldn't believe how I liked being treated like this. I wanted these men to use me. As I was using them. Crusher was getting hard again.
He said, "This bitch not only has a talented ass but a talented mouth. Cooter let's do something we have never had a slut able to do. Lift her up and let me take her pussy while you get her ass."
Cooter laughed, "She can't take us both."
I said, "Yes I can. Give it a try. I want both your manly schlongs. Fuck me until I can't walk straight. I want you both."
They laughed. Cooter picked me up by grabbing each knee and spread me so that Crusher could stand up and enter my pussy. Crusher also grabbed under my knees, so that both men were holding me up with ass and pussy spread to the max. Crusher put his schlong on the edge of my pussy and waited for Cooter to cycle out of my butt. As he moved out Crusher shoved in.
I screamed as my pussy convulsed, "Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck..." I was having a massive orgasm. They pumped in me both front and back. After I got my senses back I said, "Boys that was so big. Oh, fuck here it come again."
And I had another big orgasm. I couldn't believe Cooter hadn't cum in me yet. They picked up their pace. Then Cooter said, "Oh yeah, bitch, take this." He squirted deep into my bowels with Crusher still in me.
As Cooter finished, Crusher sat in the chair with both my legs on the ground. He said, "Fuck me bitch." I bounced up and down on his dick. Now with just one dick in me I almost felt empty.
Cooter said, "Here clean me up."
As I fucked Crusher with my pussy, I licked Cooter's massive member clean from our mutual discharges. I continued to pump on Crusher's big pole. I still was having orgasm while I pumped him. Cooter decided to pull on my breasts. It hurt but seemed to add to the pleasure.
We then heard over the loud speaker, "Okay folks, you have ten minutes to finish what you are doing and get to the back stage to count votes."
Crusher said, "Okay let me finish this." He picked me up and laid me on the table, placed my feet over his shoulders. This closed my loose pussy tighter around his pole. He started fucking me in earnest now, determined to have a second orgasm. This changed the angle enough to massage my elongated sensitive clitoris to yet more orgasms. I think this turned him on. He said, "Look this bitch is still having orgasms. She is one hot fucking cougar. Oh, fuck yeah that feels good."
I screamed back, "Oh fuck yeah that feels good."
Crusher said, "Here you go mama, this is for you! You earned it."
For a second orgasm, this was big one. My pussy was already overflowing and now I could feel even more running down my thighs. Then a strange thing happened. He pulled me into him and kissed me. When he finished he said, "You are the best I have had. Anytime you want more of this come to Crusher Construction. This was the guys Memorial Day Bonus."
So, these guys were construction guys. I said, "I will, but now I better hustle."
I got on my feet, but Cooter and Crusher had to catch me. My legs were shaking.
Crusher said, "We will get you up there. Here take the rest of our votes." He put a bunch of bands around my wrist. He held me under one arm while Cooter took the other. They walked me to the back stage. By the time we got there, my legs were beginning to work so I said, "Thanks guys, I got it from here."
I pulled Cooter down and kissed him on the cheek and then pulled Crusher down and kissed and hugged him. I looked at them both and said, "Thank you. That was one hell of a fucking."
Crusher smiled a warm smile and said, "Our pleasure, I hope you win."
Linda was the one they were counting now. She looked as out of it as I felt. There was little left of her outfit. Only strings but nothing that would cover anything. She was covered in cum.
I looked down at myself and saw only a gold string around my neck hanging between my tits and a gold strand around my waist. I still had on the navel ring. I was covered in cum. I could feel the cum still seeping out of my pussy and ass. It was now my turn to be counted. The two guys touched each band and clicked a counter.
When they finished with me, I walked over to Linda. I said, "Was that something?"
She put an arm around me, "That was something. It almost got out of hand."
"Almost!"
We both laughed.
Linda said, "I can't believe you took those monster in your ass. I tried and couldn't."
"It was a challenge." Linda and I were both covered in cum and sweat, hair disheveled, outfits in tatters, I said, "Think we should try to clean up before the winner is announced?"
She looked down and seemed to realize that she looked like a naked fucked to near death whore, giggled, "I guess but no one seems to be concerned."
Only two of the girls were still anywhere close to clothed. All were disheveled. The organizers came in and gave us all a tee shirt to wear. Linda and I had the largest breasts and the shirt stretched tight across our chests. The tee shirt barely covered my pussy but nothing like covering my large ass.
The announcer came on the mike and yelled, "Now wasn't that fun!" There were lots of cheers. "Come on out boys." The boys walked on stage. "Give the boys a hand." Again, cheers but this time distinctly female. About a third of the crowd were female. I hadn't seen what happened to them, but I assumed they were treated like us. "Thanks to you all. Our two finalists are Alex and Earl. Step forward guys. Give the other guys a hand."
Alex and Earl step close to the announcer. Both had soft penises that were peeping below the bottom of the tee shirt. It appeared that Earl was larger than even Alex but both smaller than Cooter and Crusher. "Girls come on out."
The girls came on the stage to loud hooting. "Girls thanks for participating. You all did well. But someone has to win. Our finalist are Sofia and Linda. Please step forward."
We step next to Earl and Alex as the other girls left the stage. "Now before I announce the winners of the contest, I want to recognize the real winners. Thanks to your purchases and the work done by the contestants, Wounded Warriors donation will be fourteen thousand dollars with that being matched by Ivan's employer for a total of twenty-eight thousand dollars. Thanks to all of you and particularly Ivan." He waited for the crowd to settle down.
"The winner of the boys is Earl. Alex, you were close, but Earl is our winner." Alex shook Earl's hand and left the stage. Earl raised his hands above his head. With the tee shirt pulled up, you could determine why he won. He had a beautifully large penis. Now for the winner of the girls." He paused and looked at both of us. "It was really close. These two girls performed beyond belief. Only one could win and that is," he paused smiling, "Linda. Thank you, Sofia, you were really close."
I hugged Linda and left the stage. The announcer had them step down and get the personal congratulation of the crowd. The crowd had drunk and fucked themselves to exhaustion. I was exhausted. I found Ivan as his posse had already left.
Ivan said, "Man that was something. Want to sleep in the condo tonight? You look like a shower would feel good."
I said, "Please, but let's see if Linda wants to also stay over."
Ivan said, "Go ahead Kiko is at the condo now."
Kiko wanted to know about the event but I was too tired to do anything but shower and go to bed. I fell asleep nude, no idea where any of my clothes were, almost immediately.
I awoke the next morning with a naked Linda sleeping soundly. I was sore all over. I had been royally fucked.
Epilogue
The Memorial Day bash seemed to go a long way to satisfying fill the sexual hole I had. Oh, don't get me wrong, I still had Sofia experiences over the months following that day. But I seemed to think more of Gavin.
Late one Sunday afternoon, I heard someone buzzing at the gate. I looked at the camera and there stood a beautiful uniformed man. It was Gavin. I pressed the button to let him in and began to panic. I ran to the bathroom to look in the mirror. I had on jeans and sweater. No time to change. I freshened my makeup just as the doorbell rang. I ran to the front door and opened it. I jumped into his arms and began to cry. I was so happy. After a long embrace, I stepped back and said, "I am so glad to see you."
As I touched his arms he winced and said, "I am glad to see you also. You look beautiful."
I blushed, "I wished I had known you were coming, I would have dressed for you. Please come in. Let me show you where to put your bag."
He said, "Oh, I didn't mean to imply I was staying here. I just wanted to come here as soon as I could after debriefing. I will get a hotel room."
I huffed, "No you won't unless you want to really piss me off!"
"Well I certainly wouldn't want to do that."
I lead him to my room. I asked, "Want to stay here or in a guest room?"
"Really up to you."
"Then it is here. There is plenty of room in the closet for your stuff and the bed is big enough for both of us. Unless you don't want to sleep with an older woman."
"If you are the older woman then sure I want to."
As he dropped the bag in the closet, again he winced. I asked, "Is your arm hurt?"
"Yeah, I got wounded but it is fine now just a little sore."
I again reached around his neck and kissed him nervously. I started to unbutton his coat, his shirt and then slipped his pants off. I lead him to the bed and had him sit. His arms had a big red spot on it.
I said, "I have been thinking about this for months. Sorry but I can't wait."
He smiled as I stepped back, slipped the sweater over my head, slipped my jeans off my hips and asked, "Can you fuck an older lady?"
"Stop talking about older. You are still the sexiest woman I know. Now come here."
I sat next to him and he wrapped his arms around me and pushed me back on the bed. He got on top of me and kissed me long and hard as he found the clasp to my bra. He released my breasts from their cage. He looked down and said, "I have missed these."
"They are yours." He slowly kissed his way down my neck to the top my breast and finally found my hard-excited nipples. As he sucked my nipples, his hands slipped inside my panties and found the hard-excited nub between my legs and gently caressed it with his finger. I moaned, "Oh, oh, oh my gawd. Oh Gavin, oh, I missed you so much." I had a giant orgasm just from his touch.
He said, "I missed you also."
He slipped my panties off. He started to kiss down my stomach. I said, "Please put it in Gavin. I have been wanting this for so long I can't wait."
He got between my legs. As his member got close to my vagina, I grabbed his hips and pulled him all the way into me. I grasped, "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhahhhhhh..." Again, I had a large orgasm.
He had his penis deep inside of me. With his arms extended, he looked me up and down, "You are more beautiful than I remembered. I just love your body."
I said, "And I love your body. But mostly I like the way you make me feel. You make me feel like a sexy sensuous woman."
"That is only because you are."
He started to rock in and out of me. I was beside myself with pleasure. I knew I loved this man. I was unsure if I could have him. But I didn't care. I loved him. Even if he broke my heart, this one time was worth it. I was forty plus and finally in love.
Then thoughts continued as he gave me one pleasure moment after another. He said, "I can't hold out much longer."
I said, "Oh please, I want to feel your being inside me."
He came hard and his orgasm seemed to last not a moment but forever. I didn't want it to end as I matched his intense orgasm with my own. As he finished, he rolled beside me and hugged me for the longest time. I again was crying. I didn't want it to stop. He finally said, "I haven't eaten all day. Think we can go get something to eat." As he pushed to look at me he asked, "Why are you crying? I thought you would be happy to see me."
I brushed aside the tears, slapped his chest, "Oh you. You know these are tears of joy. I was afraid I would never see you again. I was afraid that you had forgotten about me."
He smiled, "No need to worry there. The thought of you kept me alive the last six months. I have only thought of you and the mission."
I said, "Here let me get us something to eat." I grabbed a short silk robe and covered myself.
"Don't you want me to take you somewhere?"
"No, I want to have you as much as I can for as long as you can stay here. I don't want to bother with clothes for a while."
He laughed, "Now that sounds like a plan. Can I take a quick shower? Military transport is not big on amenities."
"Take your time. I will get dinner ready while you shower. No need to dress in anything but clean underwear."
As we ate he told me his story as much as he could. He couldn't tell me what the mission was but said it was a success with minimum loss of life. He had been wounded in the arm but didn't even require him to leave the mission. But Eric was lost. Eric's body was at the funeral parlor and he had come from meeting with his parents.
I said, "That must have been so hard."
He said, "It was."
I took him in my arms. He said, "This is my last mission. The army is giving me two options. I can retire now with a full pension or I can take a job local at the base training in counter-intelligence."
The base was only about an hour's drive from my house. I said excitedly, "Have you decided what you are going to do?"
"Not yet. I have a month to decide. Then I report to the base. In the meantime, my only obligation is to attend Eric funeral. It will be a full military event. The family has asked me to speak. Think you can go with me?"
"You better believe Captain."
"That is the other thing. If I take the training job and stay in the military, I will be promoted to Colonel."
"Keeps getting better and better. Would you like a after dinner drink?"
"Don't mind if I do."
I took him to the recreation room that had a full bar and showed him the selection. We both had scotch and water and sat on the couch, with me as close as I could get.
As we sipped our drink, Gavin asked, "How has it been for you?"
"Well, business is doing well. A couple of our riskier investment are beginning to pay off. I have spent a lot of time on the West Coast with one that was on the brink of failure, but I think we have pulled them back."
"What about your, ah, personal life. Have you met anyone special?"
I felt the thin silk robe slip off my shoulder and one large breast was trying to escape it confines. I thought, 'let it go.' I could also feel it pull up to expose a thigh to the waist. I snuggled even closer and pulled Gavin's injured arm around my neck and left his hand it a place to invite a fondle.
"Just you. I have thought about you a lot the last few months. Somehow I knew you were thinking about me." His hand had found the flesh I so wanted him to explore. It almost took my breath away.
"I did. We were isolated in country for months with little contact with anyone but ourselves and the enemy. I thought about this a lot." With that he had found my now exposed nipple and squeezed it.
"Oh, oh. I looked at your knife every night. There is no one but you Gavin. And don't think I expect anything from you. I just want to enjoy you as long as I can."
I straddled him, slipped off the robe and kissed him every way I knew. I put his face between my breasts and let him explore with his mouth and hands until I felt him slip his underwear off. I let him put his hard penis in my wet excited pussy.
"That feels better than I even imagined," I said after just another pulse went through my body. I gave him a long slow fuck while we whispered our affection for each other.
Gavin stayed that night and most nights for the next month. I went with him to Eric's funeral. He gave a really good talk about his friend. Tim was there also. I cried from the emotional speech. Gavin went with me to San Francisco for a business trip. We had such a good time. Ivan didn't have to go with me when Gavin was with me.
Gavin took the teaching job and stayed in the army. He stayed with me until he asked me to marry him. After I accepted, I informed him I was pregnant. I stopped taking the pill the day he arrived back. It was the one thing I wanted from him. We were married and three months later our son was born.