You never know when your entire life might change for the worse. It can happen when you least expect it and catch you completely off-guard. That's what happened to my family and this is what happened in the aftermath.
Up until a couple weeks ago, we were the average, middle-class family living a modest but stable life in the suburbs of Los Angeles. Mom, dad, my brothers, sisters and I certainly weren't rich and the rising cost of living in California was actually making us take cuts in our lifestyle but we were doing o.k. compared to others in less fortunate parts of the metro area. And then, my father lost his job.
It was a lousy, unfair situation: Dad was an engineer at a manufacturing plant in L.A. He had just turned 60 and after a 35-year tenure at the company, he was suddenly dismissed without warning for performance issues. That was the story but he was sure that he was pushed out because of his age since all the hires the new leadership were bringing on-board were straight out of school or guys from India on H1-B visas who could be paid less than my father. And, to make matters worse, the company was contesting his unemployment claim which meant that other than a meager few weeks severance, he had no income coming in. That was my father's situation.
My mother didn't work. She had been a homemaker since she and dad had gotten married and started to have kids. I, the youngest had just graduated high-school so it's not like she needed to be at home for some time but dad's income had always been enough and mom didn't have any job skills that made her attractive to employers other than domestic work which so far, she wasn't getting any call-backs -- another case where we figured her age was working against her and not to mention, all the low-wage competition from Mexico in the area.
My brothers and sisters were all married with kids on their own so there weren't excess mouths to feed in the house. As for me, I was applying for jobs at various retail and restaurants but like mom, wasn't having much luck with call-backs for interviews. Needless to say, my plans for college were on-hold.
Thankfully, our house was paid for, but the taxes had jumped considerably year-after-year, along with utility costs and the general cost of living. We were according to mom, a couple weeks away from having to apply for public assistance or the food pantry. Selling the two cars wasn't an option because this is L.A. and if you don't have a car, getting to a job is difficult, if not impossible.
"How was your day Brad?" mom asked, trying to keep some sense of normalcy at dinner.
"It was good," I lied. "I filled out an application today at the new grocery store being built over in Lakewood."
I did fill out the application, but I wasn't the only one in line to do so and the demeanor of the woman who briefly interviewed me was enough to subtlety tell me that they weren't interested.
Dad was very quiet during dinner with just a few 'yes' and 'no' responses when he was asked a question. He clearly wasn't hungry and that could be said for mom and myself, but we all put on a good face and still had a dinner of macaroni and cheese with tap water to drink. Oh, how we had fallen.
After dinner, mom and dad retired to the living room to watch TV while I went to my room to go online and see what type of jobs I could find. As always, I checked my email first and noticed one that was a reply to a, um, unusual ad I had applied to last month.
"Hi Brad. Thank you for your application to be one of our models. We think we have an opening for you and was wondering if you can stop by tomorrow for a quick interview? Below is the link to our address. Please arrive at 10:00."
Wow! This was a bit of good news I certainly wasn't expecting. Last month, before dad lost his job, I was comfortably looking at porn sites and saw an ad for models. What red-blooded, newly legal young man without a girlfriend wouldn't at least look into the possibility of being chosen to act in a porn film with hot girls. Hell, most of the porn today was amateur anyway and the standards for the guys wasn't as high as it was for the girls so what did I have to lose?
I stirred in my pants a little thinking about the possibilities -- and the money we needed. But what would I tell mom and dad if I actually got the job? I would worry about that later but all I could think of now was getting there by 10:00 and making a good impression.
The next day, I showered thoroughly, made myself look presentable and then headed out for Van Nuys early knowing that traffic would be bad. I had butterflies in my stomach the entire way and tried to do breathing exercises in the car to get myself together. If I showed up nervous, they'd take notice and tell me to get lost.
I wasn't expecting a porn studio to be in a nice office park and this was no exception. The GPS was taking me down a commercial strip with several empty strip malls that had weeds growing out of the parking lots. It was in one of those strip malls that I was directed and down the way from the discount grocery store, pawn shop, empty stores, takeout Chinese and a few more empty stores was the door with the address on the window.
"Oh boy," I said to myself. "I hope I'm not getting into a dangerous situation."
The door was locked so I rang the caller to the side. It was 9:50 so I was just in time.
"Yes," a woman's voice said.
"Hello, I'm Brad Burrows," I said. "I have a 10:00 with Kelly."
Bzzzzzz, the door hummed, and I was on my way inside.
Inside I went. It looked like a sleazy scam operation, kind of like an accounting shop the mob would set up for appearances only to have the phony accountants selling drugs in the back instead of preparing tax returns. I looked around the sparse waiting room which just had a couple cheap chairs and nothing on the walls. The door ahead was locked so I couldn't go further, and I took my seat assuming Kelly would soon be there.
The door opened and there was Kelly. She was a middle-age, tired looking woman who had a "don't mess with me" look to her.
"Hi Brad," she said with her curt, New York accent.
"Hi Kelly, nice to meet you," I said, extending my had.
Kelly seemed surprised that someone was being so polite. She cracked a half-smile, gave me a weak handshake, and told me to come on back.
We went down a dark hallway past a few closed doors and into her office which reeked of cigarette smoke.
"So," she said, looking at some papers. "You want to be a porn star?"
"Yes," I responded.
"You ever done this before?"
"No, the ad said that amateurs were welcome to apply."
"Yeah, yeah but we gotta know what we're working with. Fucking on camera with a director in your face telling you to go and then stop, go and then stop is easier said than done."
I didn't think about that, but it did make sense. My experience with girls was actually non-existent since I was still a virgin, but I wasn't going to reveal that.
Kelly fired up a cigarette and continued her line of questions.
"Your application says you're six inches hard. Is that right?"
"Yes," I replied. "I hope that's o.k.? I mean I know porn stars are bigger but... you did respond."
"A good cameraman can do a lot with the right angles," she fired back, looking at me like I should have already known that.
"Stand up," she said.
I responded.
"O.K. Brad. I know you already submitted a picture, but I need to see for myself. Take it off."
"Everything?" I asked.
"No honey," she snapped. "Just your insecurity."
I didn't dare engage back. Kelly obviously had a short fuse, so I stood up and started to take off my shirt, shoes, socks and my khakis. I was down to my boxers and slid them off, leaving only my birthday suit for Kelly to take or leave.
She looked me up and down then stood up and walked around me.
"Well," she said. "I don't think you lied about your dick size. Looks like it might reach six inches when hard."
Oh man this was uncomfortable.
"Stay right there and don't get dressed," she said as she exited, closing the door behind her.
Those butterflies in my stomach were back. What had I gotten myself into? Kelly wasn't welcoming at all, and I was losing faith that I'd driven two hours for nothing.
As my stomach churned and my heart raced in the silence of Kelly's office, I started to hear a younger woman, moaning and calling out obviously fake orgasms. It shouldn't have come as a surprise, but I was coming into reality that I was inside an active porn studio and a movie was being filmed somewhere within the walls of the phony storefront.
Kelly returned shortly with a sleazy-looking guy with a thick moustache, big belly and like Kelly, a cigarette in his hand.
"What do you think Vince?" she said to him as he walked up in my face, then back to see me in full view and then around to check out my rear view.
"Hmmm," I heard him say.
That didn't sound re-assuring.
"How old are you ummm... what's your name?"
"Brad," I said. "And I'm 18."
"Did you verify his I.D.?" Vince inquired to Kelly who nodded an affirmative.
"Put your clothes on kid and sit down," Vince told me.
Oh, thank God, I said to myself. This was very uncomfortable, and I was now questioning whether this whole thing had been a bad idea.
I got dressed quickly while he started talking.
"I'm Vince, one of the directors," he said. "I'll be honest with you, you're not porn star material. You look o.k. but you're not terribly handsome -- sorry Brad, it's the truth."
This was not looking good, but I wasn't going to interrupt.
"I don't think you'd be comfortable or all that good with one of our girls on camera. However... I do have something that I think you can do but we are shooting in half an hour."
"I'm listening," I replied, tying my shoes.
"I need someone to play the role of a cuck. It's pretty easy: you get verbally treated like shit by a beautiful chick who's supposed to be your girl. All you gotta say is "yes mistress" so there aren't any lines to rehearse."
This wasn't what I had in mind when I applied but I told him to continue.
"You don't get to fuck her, nor get your dick sucked -- sorry! You do have to get naked, wear a chastity cup and watch her do it with another guy. Pretty easy role. No emotions. You are playing a guy who is a gutless sad sack."
"O.K." Vince said, putting out his cigarette. "Can you do it? I'm in a bind right now and we have to shoot this today. The pay is one thousand dollars -- cash."
"Who are the two I'll be working with?" I asked.
"Do you want the fucking job or not? He snapped. "It's one thousand dollars for basically just sitting there and watching."
"O.K.," I said. "I accept."
Oh shit, what had I gotten myself into. This was now for real and I was now starting to freak about what was going to happen when this thing went online. Who would see it and how would it come back to haunt me? I didn't have much time to dwell on that though.
"C'mon," Kelly said. "I need you to quickly fill out these release forms. Since you aren't going to be having sex today, we don't need you to have an STD test."
I glanced over the form but was too nervous to study the text. All I could think of besides the surreal situation I had gotten myself into was walking away with a thousand bucks in cash. That would greatly help out at home but how was I going to explain to mom and dad how I had gotten that amount of money?
Afterwards, Kelly led me back into the hallway and down the hall, past a few closed doors where by the sounds going on, porn scenes were being shot. At the end of the hall, we entered a room that was furnished like a combo bedroom and living room with decent looking furniture and a fake window, looking out to a fake sky.
"Get undressed again," Kelly said. "And you can put your clothes in the corner over there," she said pointing to a part of the room that was bare drywall and concrete floor. "Vince and Shana will be here in a sec."
"Oh yeah," Kelly said stopping herself at the door.
She went to the chest beside the bed and pulled something out of the top drawer.
"Here you go," she said dropping it off in my hand.
It was the chastity cup.
I got undressed alone in the room and looked over the clear, plastic thing for a minute before finally figuring out how to put it on. This was so degrading.
Vince returned as I fastened the uncomfortable cup with two guys and their cameras. Without introducing me, he went over the room with them and pointed out where they would be shooting and where they should plan to be.
"Hang in there Brad," he said. "Shana's almost ready."
Shortly after, the door opened and in walked Shana. Oh, how slutty she looked with her made-up face, fake platinum hair and fake breasts. She wore a halter over her silicone breasts and a mini-skirt that barely covered her nether-regions. On her feet, what else? Platform high heels.
"Brad, meet Shana. Shana, meet Brad," Vince said.
I smiled over and waved to her but she returned the look by rolling her eyes at me and looking away.
"So, where's this Ronnie?" she asked Vince.
"He just texted and he's pulling into the lot," Vince told her.
"O.K., O.K." Vince said to the four of us. "Let's get started."
"Brad," he said. "You go over to that corner by the nightstand and stand there with your hands behind your back. I want you to look down unless you are told to do something by Shana. Whatever Shana says, you do and I want you to address her as 'mistress.' Got it?"
"Got it," I told him.
"He's here," Vince said looking at his phone. "Shana, go meet him in the front and bring him right back. I've already told him what he needs to do."
Shana looked like she was indifferent to anything and everything as she threw her head in the air and walked out the door.
"O.K. guys," Vince said to the two cameramen. "Go to work."
I stood there, looking down as I was told as one of them moved forward with the camera into my face, then panning it down my body, stopping for a few minutes to zoom in on my soft and shriveled up little buddy, lifeless under the plastic chastity cup.
The door opened slowly as the other camera man filmed Shana entering and leading in the guy who would be playing the bull. I still had my head down, but I lifted up my eyes to see what kind of guy he was and...
No... No... This couldn't be... The bull was... my own father!
I raised my head up and my eyes met dad's. He looked at me with a look of shock, combined with disgust.
"Cut! Cut! Cut!" Vince screamed.
"What did I tell you!" he said, getting up in my face. "I said you keep looking down unless she says or makes you do otherwise. You want this easy thousand bucks or not?"
I nodded and put my head back down as the scene re-winded to the door opening.
Shana re-entered with my father behind her.
"You, go over there and get undressed," I heard her say as I kept my head down, looking at my feet on the floor.
I didn't look at myself long because another set of feet with red nails and glittery purple heels entered the view, stopping in front of mine. I felt her hand under my chin as she pushed up my face into hers; a camera man right beside us.
"Well," Shana said. "I see my little pathetic cuck is in the same place I left him. Have you been a good boy?"
"Yes mistress," I said.
"As you can see," she said with her irritating valley girl voice. "I brought back another stud for me to fuck while you get to watch. Do you understand?"
"Yes mistress."
"Good. Now you stand right there, and I want you to watch what I do to him. Oh, I'm going to have so much fun doing things to him, I would never do with you, you pathetic fool."
Oh great. Now I was being told not to look down but instead to watch my 60-year-old father bang this 20-something porn slut.
I looked up as Shana walked away and pulled the halter over her head, exposing her boobs in front of the camera and dad who was across the room, completely naked. She motioned for him to come over and stand against the wall which he did. He looked nervous -- as he should have been. I know he needed some money like I did, but this was the last place I expected him to get it. Was this his first porn shoot?
Shana pushed him against the wall as she got closer, turned around to bend down and remove the mini skirt, shaking her ass at him. She then knelt down in front of him and took his big, fat penis into her hands.
"Look how big my stud's cock is," she said looking over my way as she stroked it. "Oh, don't you wish that I would do this to you?"
"Yes mistress."
He was starting to get hard as she verbally tortured me and then took it into her mouth.
Shana wasn't my type at all, but she was a professional cocksucker as she got my uncomfortable father rock hard and bobbed up and down on his long shaft as one camera zoomed in on her and another on his face as he started to sigh and sweat.
I couldn't believe my dad was doing this. He had always been -- or seemed to be -- such a moral, old-fashioned guy. Here he was now, in a sleazy porn shoot, getting blown with his son in the same room and his unsuspecting wife at home thinking they were both looking for legitimate jobs.
Shana pulled off to catch her breath and I could see that whatever dad's uncomfortableness was with me being there, he was able to focus on what he had to do and was fully erect. He easily had a couple more inches on him than I did as his long penis shot straight out of his very hairy pubic bush.
Shana stood up and walked over to me, taking my hand, and leading me to the bed where she pushed me down on it and then got on top of me, riding the chastity cup with her shaven pussy.
Her plastic face was in mine -- along with a camera as she tortured me.
"Oh, my little pathetic fool," she said giggling. "How small you are. You're so small and worthless, aren't you?"
"Yes mistress."
"I'll bet you'd like me to take that chastity cup off you and start pleasing you like I just did my stud wouldn't you?"
"Yes mistress."
"Too bad!" she said sitting up and telling me to turn around with my head at the edge of the bed.
Bending her face back down over mine she said: "Now, I want you to stay right there and watch him fuck me, o.k.?"
"Yes mistress."
"I want you to watch everything and catch any of our sweat and juices as we have hot sex. Do you understand."
"Yes mistress."
Shana moved up into position with her knees on the edge of the bed, my head in-between as she lowered herself. I was looking right up into the space between her legs but not for long.
Dad came into position, hard as a petrified tree and moaned as he slid his penis into her vagina.
I had no choice but to watch as he started to fuck her, slowly at first and then, after she told him to fuck her harder, he picked up his pace. My face was closed in by the two of them on top and the camera behind them. I felt the heat radiating off their bodies as he rammed himself in and out of her, slapping his low-hanging testicles against her.
I was told earlier to catch their juices and with the room already hot and their combined body heat rising, sweat from them fell onto my face as I was forced to inhale the sex right above my nose and listen to the loud sound of my dad's hairy testicles -- just a few inches above -- slapping against her bare skin.
I was in a state of shock and disbelief. Unfortunately, I was also getting turned on as my own penis started to get painfully erect under the tight cup that wouldn't let it stand up.
"Fuck me daddy, fuck me daddy," she said as he obeyed. Oh, if she only knew.
"Change position," I heard Vince say.
I watched dad's moist penis pull out of Shana as their bodies separated.
"Down on the floor, on your knees," Shana commanded me as I obeyed.
The camera guys were fast as she told dad to turn around and pushed him onto the bed, on his back.
"Look over here, you worthless piece of shit!" she cried.
"Yes mistress."
Shana climbed on top of him with her backside towards me. Vince told dad to spread his legs wider so the camera could get a full-access view as she sat down on him and started to ride him.
I saw dad's big hands reach around her waist as he sat up a bit and started to push up with her pushing down. That skin-slapping sound returned as this time, she bounced furiously up and down on the bull's balls.
I could hear dad breathing heavily as he picked up his pace and then I heard sucking and slobbering sounds as he lifted up his head to enjoy her fake tits. The top of my dick was in agony as it pressed up against the hard plastic, wanting so back to flip up unobstructed and be stroked.
"Change position, mission style this time," Vince ordered.
I was ordered onto the king-sized bed to stay on my knees while dad and Shana got into position. She still had those purple high-heels on as he raised her legs into the air before plunging back down into her.
"Does this turn you on?" she said, looking at me upside down.
"Yes mistress."
"You like watching daddy fuck me?"
"Yes mistress."
Dad held her legs in the air as he pumped away. He was drenched in sweat from his balding head, dripping onto his face and neck. At this point, I don't think he knew or cared that I was there. He was totally focused on how good he was feeling, fucking this slutty porn star, younger than most of his own kids and just slightly older than his youngest son in front of him.
"Hey pops," Vince said. "You cum on her and not in her. Remember?"
"Oh daddy," Shana said seductively. "I want to feel your cum on me."
"Oh, oh, oh," I heard dad say as he kept his eyes closed while fucking Shana.
"You pathetic loser," Shana said, looking over at me.
"Yes mistress."
"My stud's getting ready to cum, are you ready?"
"Yes mistress."
"Remember what I told you?"
"Yes mistress." (She had told me nothing)
"Yeah... Oh yeah!" she sighed. "He's going to spray me with his cum and you're going to clean it up."
I said nothing.
"I said you're going to clean it up!" she hissed.
Vince emerged from behind dad still pumping away and looked at me with anger.
"Yes mistress," I whimpered.
Dad let out a big roar as he pulled out of her. Leaning over her, he ejaculated a few long streams of semen onto her torso and fake tits as he cried out like he hadn't cum in weeks. And, as depressed as he'd been, that was probably true.
The cameras came in close as he spilled his seed onto Shana. This was indeed a money-shot.
I was painfully rock-hard and throbbing in the chastity cup as Shana lifted up her hand, motioning me to come over. Briefly my eyes met dad's as he stood up and walked away. I hope he would keep his back turned as I did what I had to do for the much-needed thousand bucks.
"Clean it all up, all of it. You hear me?" she said.
"Yes mistress."
"How bad can this be after all I'd seen," I thought as I lowered myself onto her torso, the camera following me. I reached out my tongue as the smell of sweat, sex and his semen filled my senses.
On one hand, I wanted to walk away as my tongue made contact with the salty taste of the seed that made me. This was not something Kelly or Vince said I had to do, but at this point, I was a robot. I licked the thick white liquid up and into my mouth as Shana commanded me to do a good job and leave not a drop behind.
"Yes mistress," was all I could say in between swallowing one batch and the going back down for more, cleaning up all the mess he'd left behind.
When it was all over and Vince said 'cut', I looked up and around. Dad was gone. Shana pushed me aside as she got up and left. The camera crew, indifferent as always, also started to pack up. I freed myself from the chastity cup from hell and got dressed.
"Nice job," Vince said, walking over to me with an envelope containing the promised thousand dollars.
"That couldn't have been easy but you did great," he said. "We'll call you again soon."
I walked out of the studio and up the dark hallway to the reception area. The place was totally quiet now and I didn't know what to think of myself and what had just happened.
As I pushed open the door into the California afternoon sunshine, I saw dad ahead, leaned up against the side of my car. There was no way to avoid him so I might as well do it now.
"Hey," I said as I walked over to him.
"Hey," he said back.
"Well," he said. "That was awkward to say the least."
I looked away, embarrassed.
"How much did you make?" he asked.
"One thousand," I replied. "How about you?"
"Five thousand," he said.
We were both in another world, uncomfortable with each other but knowing we had to pull ourselves together.
"Brad," he said.
I just looked at him.
"Let's not speak about this ever again. O.K.?"
"O.K. dad."