Strip-Off: Vengeance!
Part 7
Rook was very happy, standing on stage, buck naked in front of a public audience. She had been walking around like that all week- her dick fully and prously exposed for everyone to see, almost constantly at full mast thanks to her intense arousal at being stared at. She did regret not being able to get the $100k she needed for top-class surgery, but the $30k promised to her by her new friends was enough to at least make her feel like a proper woman. She and Kyrie had talked a lot after the final challenge, and eventually, after a few completely nude dates which drew quite a few stares, they agreed to start dating. Rook couldn't be happier.
Kyrie nudged her with her elbow. "Goodness, love, what's got your dopamine levels up today? You're grinning ear to ear!"
Rook shrugged. "I'm just excited for the awards! And having a girlfriend isn't all that bad, either..." She grinned, thinking of all the naughty things she wanted to do to her smart, cute girlfriend when the show was over.
Kyrie looked down. "Uhm, it appears that... ehem, a certain OTHER part of your body is excited too..."
Rook leaned and whispered. "Oh, don't worry... I'm sure you can help me out with that later..."
Kyrie blushed profusely as Arrow walked on stage. "Welcome to our awards ceremony! Oh, man, what a week, huh folks? Six lovely ladies walking around town in the nude! Ain't it a sight! Everyone give a round of applause for these six lovely ladies!"
Everyone cheered and hooted, touching themselves and catcalling loudly.
Arrow quieted them down. "Now, first of all- as usual, everyone gets $10k just for participating until the end of the game! Good job, ladies- you earned it!"
Arrow handed each contestant a suitcase, which they all eagerly accepted.
Kyrie and Tanya didn't hesitate, walking over to Rook and placing their suitcases down in front of her.
Rook blushed. "Wow, I... I don't know what to say, guys..."
Tanya grinned. "I made a promise, you know? Just think of it as a present from your Mistress..."
Kyrie nodded. "A deal is a deal. Plus, I'm your girlfriend! What kind of girlfriend would I be if I didn't use this money to help make your dreams come true? I have no use for it, anyway. I was always in it for the experimentation- and I must say, I got some... lovely results...!" Kyrie gave Rook a peck on the cheek.
Hina spoke up. "Ah, since it's our fault that you didn't get $100k... maybe we should also...?"
Rook shook her head. "You never made any deals with me. That money is yours, Hina."
Hina smiled. "You're way too nice, Rook..."
Arrow continued speaking. "Alright. Now secondly, nobody gets any money for their remaining suit pieces, because... well... Everyone is naked! By the way, audience, it's pretty much an all-you-can-fap extravaganza right now! Show these ladies how much you love their hot bodies!"
The audience cheered again, penises getting hard and vaginas getting wet. Fingering, kissing, stroking... it was an outburst of sexual activity. Some cum even landed on the stage.
"Thirdly! The two SPECIAL prizes that the audience usually gets to vote on will not be given out this time around, since everyone here seems like they are equally slutty."
Maya gave out a sigh of relief. "Oh, good. As fun as that special prize was... it was also SUPER embarrassing..."
Kyrie shot her a questioning look. "Hey, by the way! I didn't see you during the race! What happened?"
Maya shrugged. "I arrived at the starting line a bit late... but I managed to get to the finish while Sam and Hina were, erm... fooling around. You guys weren't really paying attention to me, so I just, uh... did the last challenge and stepped past the finish line. I mean hell, you guys didn't even hear me yell, 'I'm a slutty bitch in heat' to finish the last challenge! Makes sense, though. You were, ah, REALLY distracted."
Sam blushed. "Sorry, Hina... I didn't mean to go wild on you like that, tee hee..."
Hina gave out a dismayed "Humph!", still a bit embarrassed at being fucked so thuroughly during the race.
Arrow smiled. "And now, last but not least... the SPECIAL JACKPOT REWARD! Because you six contestants all worked together, communicated, and compromised, you were ALL able to shed your inhibitions and satisfy your curiosity. Thanks to that, you're all naked here today. I like to think of it as a metaphor for sex itself- communication and compromise will result in nakedness and happy endings! Clearly, you six contestants appreciate sex just as much as I do."
Arrow continued. "And because you contestants are so appreciative of sex... the GRAND JACKPOT prize that will be given to you is a HUGE SEXY ORGY in this very showroom, which I will then convert into a sexual paradise for public use! Yes, I'm converting this entire building into a safe environment for sex of all kinds! BDSM, furry sex, gay sex, threesomes, foursomes, bondage, sex games, oral, anal, even vanilla for those relatively plain couples out there! I will use my own money to personally make sure that EVERYONE'S sexual desires are fulfilled to a tee! I have every sex toy and tool imaginable, and if you need something I don't have, I will make it! Security guards, contraception, and safewords will be enforced to ensure that everyone feels safe!"
The crowd cheered. Everyone knew, of course, that Arrow was someone with millions and millions of dollars sitting around- yet they chose to live in only a relatively small, modern home with their dear husband. Arrow never mentioned why they were saving the money- but clearly, it was for this very moment, to open a sexual utopia for the entire city.
The contestants were overjoyed. They hugged each other, smiling and laughing, already wondering what it would be like to experience complete sexual freedom...
Rook, however, realized something. "Wait a minute. I can't participate in an orgy! Not until I get my surgery, and it will take months to recover from that, not to mention recovering-"
Arrow shushed Rook. "Rook. Darling. When I say I'm going to fulfill EVERYONE'S sexual desires, I mean EVERYONE. And what desire is more sexual than the desire to confirm your sex?"
Rook's eyes widened. "You don't mean-"
Arrow threw their hands up in the air. "That's right, Rook! The orgy wouldn't be an orgy without YOU, and of course, I must make sure that all of my lovely perverts have their every sexual desire satisfied! So for you, I'll give you my SPECIAL procedure, which has just finished clinical testing and is now rolling into hospitals! This procedure is incredibly safe and thorough, using new psychoanalysis devices to give us a picture of your ideal body, and allowing us to give you the most natural transitory experience possible! We won't just change your genitals- we will change EVERYTHING! I mean, hell, they even managed to find a way to turn all your Y chromosomes into X chromosomes! Really freaky, honestly- this stuff would have been totally impractical back in 2022. The wonders of modern science, huh? Anyways, you can forget about that amateurish surgery you were planning on, or even that high-class surgery you would have gotten with $100k- I will give you a body so natural that you will forget that your body was ever any different! And the recovery time is just under a week, so you can attend our big orgy next week, no problem!"
Rook's mouth was hanging wide open in shock.
Arrow paused. "Now, I understand that this would be a huge change in your life, and I also understand if you're reluctant to undergo a relatively new surgical procedure. So if you need to take a couple days to think it over, maybe say your goodbyes to your lil' fella down there-"
Rook pointed at her erect dick. "HELL no, this thing is ugly as SHIT! Get it off me, ASAP! I want a pretty pussy instead of this... thing! And, you know what, Kyrie and Tanya- here's your money back! I don't need it!"
Arrow laughed. "Whoa, whoa, slow down. Now, I'm offering you all this prize, but like with the OTHER prizes, you need to do something for me first before claiming it."
Maya looked at Arrow questioningly. "What would that be?"
Arrow grinned. "I want you six to be the first gals to FUCK in this newly christened sexual paradise! A six-way fuck fest that will kick off a new age of sexual freedom, that will serve as the first legendary sexual exploit in this palace of debauchery!
Rook turned towards Kyrie, licking her lips. "Well... I guess I SHOULD fuck my girlfriend at least once before I get my dick removed..."
Kyrie blushed. "Ah, um... this is my first time... so..."
Rook grinned. "Me too, but I don't care. Let's get it on, darling..."
Rook shoved Kyrie onto the large, rubbery mat on the ground. She kissed Kyrie- softly at first, then harder, violating her mouth with her tongue, leaving marks on her neck...
Rook looked up at the others, smiling. "Hey! This is supposed to be a six-way! Join in already!"
Tanya went to grab a whip and a vibrator wand from the table full of sex toys, while Sam sat on the mat and began masturbating to the sight of the two gorgeous women making out on the ground in front of her.
Maya laid down next to Kyrie, and gestured to Hina to come over. "Hey, cutie... Know any good restaurants around here? Cause I wanna eat out with you..."
Hina nodded shyly and laid down on top of Maya, gasping as her tongue brushed up against her dripping wet pussy.
Seeing Hina's cute butt next to her, Rook grinned and slapped it with her free hand. Hina moaned as Rook continued to spank and grope Hina, while kissing Kyrie at the same time...
Tanya, whip and wand in hand, walked up to Sam, smiling. "Hey, Sam..."
Sam was busy masturbating. She was panting and moaning, clearly in her nympho state.
Tanya whipped her across her back. "Pay attention to your Mistress!"
Sam yelped in pain and stood up quickly. "Y-yes, Mistress..."
Tanya smiled. "Put your hands behind your head and stand over the four sluts on the floor."
Sam put her hands behind her head and planted her feet on either side of the four women. She had to spread her legs wide in order to stand over them, and her face was red with shame, but her eyes were gleaming with lust.
Sam reached down to touch herself, but Tanya whipped her again. "Naughty, naughty... Keep your hands right there, you dirty little slave..."
Tanya turned on the wand. It hummed lightly, and Sam whimpered in anticipation. Her pussy dripped love juice over the fornicating contestants as they all moaned with pleasure...
Rook whispered in Kyrie's ear. "I'm gonna take you now, okay? I'll go slowly..."
Kyrie screamed as Rook thrust her cock into Kyrie's maidenhood. Rook let her rest a bit, pecking her cheek and neck, before beginning to thrust in and out of her moist, womanly flower...
Above them, Tanya was teasing and denying Sam with the vibrator. Sam was begging Tanya: "Please, Mistress, please make me cum, oh, please, I need to cum so so badly...!"
Tanya moved the vibrator up towards her breasts. "Shh, shh... the more you squirm, the less I'm gonna pleasure you..."
Sam was screaming and moaning at this point. "Please, please, I'll do anything, oh fuck, please, I wanna cuuuuum...!"
Kyrie took away the vibrator. "You can cum if you can do so with your hands still behind your head, and your feet still on the ground where they are."
Sam squirmed about, humping the air wildly, dripping her juices all over Hina and Rook. But she still couldn't cum. She was flushed red with shame, flailing her hips about without covering herself in any way in front of a live audience...
Sam squatted down and started rubbing her pussy on Hina's legs. She moaned as she humped her leg from above, looking like a bitch in heat.
Hina whimpered as the combined sensations of Sam humping her and Maya licking her made her cum.
Tanya whipped Hina. "Who said you could cum, slut?"
Tanya began feeling hot, watching the five of them suffer. She fingered herself roughly while whipping the five of them over and over, and the audience cheered as they came repeatedly...
Arrow laughed. "Looks like they're having fun. Let's leave them to it- this could take a while. See you all at the orgy, folks!