As always, I want to thank Fat_Dad for his help, patience and most of all editing. He has been in contact with me over the past 11 months during the good and tough times. He had most of his chapter 8 finished and he waited until I had my chapter finished so we could send them in together. I sure am glad to call Fat_Dad a friend.
To all the readers of The Morrisons I want to thank you for taking time out of your busy schedules to read my story. I also want to thank all those who sent me messages or emailed me asking about my health or when I was going to publish another chapter. Well, here it is....
With express permission and assistance from Fat_Dad, we have incorporated some of the story characters from "A New Life for Dr. Mitchel" into "The Morrisons." and vice versa. I have a complete character list on the last page of this chapter.
We've had unbelievable positive response to the integration of story characters and aligning our story lines, although each story remains a separate entity. We've interlinked some situations since we found out Marsh and Dan are neighbors.
Again, a profound thank you goes out to Fat_Dad for all the hard work he's invested in editing and assisting me. I know Fat_Dad is only a phone call away.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
**Author's Note:The Morrisonsis a continuing story where each chapter builds on previous chapters. If this is your first encounter withThe Morrisons, I'd like to suggest you read the previous chapters prior to reading this one. Please enjoy!
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
**PLEASE NOTE:
**Before you read this chapter, be advised that it contains very graphic depictions of raw sex and/or love-making between two or more consenting people. IF such depictions upset you or make you lose sleep, PLEASE don't read any further. You may not enjoy reading a particular portion of the story; that doesn't mean other readers will dislike that same portion. It's a different-strokes-for-different-folks kind of story.
For the sophisticated intellectuals who read incest/taboo stories on Literotica expecting to find professional authors, including perfect punctuation, spelling, dialog, characters with only sophisticated actions, etc., please pass this chapter by, you won't find that here! We do our best to correct all typos and spelling errors but some may still slip past us.
I appreciate hearing from readers, and I want to thank all those who took time to send me a public or private message. However, please don't leave a derogatory comment, if you willingly overlook THIS WARNING.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
For the record: All characters engaging in sexual activities are of legal age!
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
****************************
Chapter 26
Taffy Davis woke up early and called her friend Connie Swensen. On the third ring Connie saw the caller ID and giggled as she picked up the phone, she asked, "Are you calling me to tell me you changed your mind?"
"Oh no, quite the contrary," Taffy replied, "I'm only calling you so we can coordinate our plans."
The previous evening Taffy and Connie talked on the phone as they usually did but this time their conversation was a little bit different. As they talked, they fed or fueled each other's imagination of what it would be like to go on trips with Dan and Beth, meeting important clients. They verbally dreamed what it would be like to dress up in fancy dresses, riding in a chauffeur driven limo, and sitting down to dinner at an up-scale restaurant.
As ideas continued to flow between the two of them, Taffy said, "Imagine what it'd be like if you had on a strapless gown and leaned over, your breasts would show. I bet everyone would drool over your little puffy nipples, if they saw them."
Connie countered with, "I'm pretty sure Dan loves my puffy nipples, I caught him staring at them several time when we were naked in his office. But you have beautiful round titties and I'm positive if you were to bend over in a strapless gown and show your titties, it would make any guy hard as a rock, even your brothers."
"But my brothers aren't going to see me in a strapless gown, so there are no worries there." Taffy replied.
"Maybe not," Connie continued, "But they could catch you naked at home and I'm positive that would give them a woody."
"Are you saying I should let my brothers see me naked?" Taffy questioned.
"Think about it Taffy," Connie said, "What better way to practice showing off that beautiful body of yours? You could leave your bedroom door open enough so one of them can look into your room while you're naked.
"I'm only wearing my panties right now." Taffy replied.
"Ok then," Connie challenged, "If you were naked right now, I could dare you to go open your bedroom door all the way, while we talk. I know the bottom of your bed is towards your door so if you lie on your bed and spread your legs a little bit, anyone passing your open door will see your naked body."
"OH MY FREAKIN' GOD, CONNIE!" Taffy exclaimed in a hushed hoarse voice, "DO YOU REALIZE WHAT YOU'RE SAYING? If I did that, anyone in my family could walk down the hall and look into my bedroom and see me. As far as I know, everyone is still home, even mom and dad."
"Please Connie, withdraw that dare and let me take a shower and put on a tee shirt, like we originally planned. I'll even wear a shorter tee shirt, if you let me off the hook while mom and dad are home. A friend of theirs is coming soon to pick them up and take them grocery shopping. Then it will just be me, my brothers and sisters at home." Taffy pleaded.
"Ok, I'll let you off the hook and withdraw part of my dare," Connie said in a sweat innocent voice. "But instead of a tee shirt, I dare you to wear only a regular towel, no bath towel, around your body when you finish your shower. I want you to tuck in the towel so the opening is on your right side. Remember I know how your house is set up. That way, when you lean forward even a little the towel will open and anyone at your kitchen table will be able to see inside your towel. Oh, and I am daring you to lean forward many times while you're in the kitchen."
"Since you asked me to amend my dare, you know the rules, I can make my dare more difficult to accomplish. After your parents are gone, I dare you to go back to your room, leave your door wide open, discard the towel, lay on your bed completely naked, bend your knees and put your feet flat on the bed and spread your legs. And to complete the instructions of my dare, I dare you not to close your legs or cover yourself in any way, even if one of your brothers sees you. Oh and I want you to call me once you are in position."
"Oh my God, Connie" Taffy excitedly rattled off, "Why don't you just dare me to go downstairs completely naked? With what you've described, my parents are going to see me anyway and if I have to lay on my bed completely naked with my door open, you know Tommy will come in and look at me. He's been perving on me for a long time."
"Hummmmm, that's a nice idea," Connie sounded off into the phone, "I can easily accommodate your wishes if you'd rather go downstairs completely naked."
"NO! OH GOD NO!" Taffy exclaimed, "My parents would have a heart attack. Showing my body to a stranger who I most likely won't meet again is one thing, but please, I don't want to shock my parents. We talked about this. I'll let my brothers and sisters see me if that's what you want, but please not my parents until we've had a chance to break them in, like we agreed."
"I also know our rules," Taffy said as calmly as possible, to eliminate any chance of being heard by anyone out in the hallway.
She continued with, "I have to complete my dare before I can give you a dare, but DO YOU REALIZE I'M GOING TO MAKE YOU PAY! .... BIG TIME!
"OK, I'm going to go take my shower and follow your dare to the letter." Taffy said, "I'll call you back when I get back to my room and lying on my bed completely naked with my door open all the way. Do you want me to give my brothers a hint I'm going to be naked?"
"You can give them a hint if you want to." Connie said with a smile on her face that Taffy could hear in her voice.
"Ok, Goodbye, I'll talk to you in a little while." Taffy said in a good natured tone of voice. "Don't forget, while I'm doing your dare, I will be thinking of a dare for you. Your body will be mine by the time I get done with my dare."
Connie gave a nervous giggle and said, "If you want, we can always fall back on our original plan."
"OH NO YOU DON'T," Taffy sternly warned, "I've never welched on any dare you've ever given me and I'm not going to start now. Any misgivings I may have had a few moments ago have now turned into determination. I'm going to do exactly as you've dared me, no matter what happens."
"YOU on the other hand," Taffy giggled, "You should be very worried about what might pop into my twisted mind, for your dare. Talk to you soon. Bye." Taffy hung up her phone.
Taffy stood in front of the full length wall mirror and looked at her almost nude body. She playfully hooked her thumbs into her white satin bikini panties and pulled the waistband away from her body and then let it go so it snapped back against her skin.
She cupped her titties and moved her hands so she could pinch her small nipples. She thought to herself, I hope my titties stay like this; they're perfect for my body. Taffy allowed her hands to glide down her smooth flawless upper body until her right hand touched the scar where the doctor had cut her open to take out her appendix.
Taffy remembered the awful pain she experienced when the attack of appendicitis hit her a few years ago. Taffy turned her right side towards the mirror, as her finger moved back and forth along the scar. She remembered how her brothers and sisters wanted to go with her to the emergency room as the EMTs strapped her to the ambulance cot. Her father told her siblings, Jerry, Julie, Tommy and Renee they needed to stay home and he would call them with updates.
The ride in the ambulance was scary but the EMT had allowed her mom Joy, to ride in the back with her but she had to sit on the bench seat. She held Taffy's hand during the whole trip to the hospital. Dana, Taffy's father followed the ambulance in the family car.
In the emergency room a nurse came in and checked all of Taffy's vital signs and then with Joy's help, the two of them were able to take off Taffy's blouse and bra before the nurse helped Taffy into the hospital gown. The nurse moved further down the side of the gurney and unbuttoned and unzipped Taffy's pants. She pulled the gown down over the top of her pants and then removed Taffy's pants leaving her in her yellow bikini panties with the saying, ""U GOT 2 LICK IT- B4 U STICK IT!" on the front of them. The nurse read the saying and smiled broadly without saying a word as she pulled the sheet up over Taffy's legs.
Joy was standing near Taffy's shoulder on the opposite side of the bed, holding Taffy's hand, so she didn't get to see the saying on her daughter's panties.
About five minutes passed, which seems like hours to Taffy, before a young looking doctor walked into the room and introduced himself. He watched Taffy squirm in pain for a few seconds before he asked her about her pain and where it was. Taffy indicated her lower abdomen by moving her free hand down to rub the area. The doctor asked a few more questions and then told Taffy he was going to check her abdomen.
He pulled the sheet down and her gown up baring Taffy from mid-thigh to the bottom of her rib cage. He paused a few seconds and watched Taffy before he touched her. He proceeded to palpate both of her lower quadrants. Taffy screamed loudly when he put pressure on her lower right quadrant. When he did that, not only did Taffy scream, she lifted her butt cheeks off the gurney and spread her legs wide enough to afford the emergency room doctor an unimpeded view of her panty covered pussy.
Joy suddenly gasped and blushed profusely when she read the words on her daughter's panties. The doctor looked at Joy, and smiled broadly before he quickly changed back into his professional mode. He told Joy he thought it might be appendicitis however he was going to order some blood samples and an x-ray to be taken, and he was going to have an IV started just in case they had to move Taffy into surgery immediately. He told them he would be back after the tests results came back.
Joy thanked the doctor and on the way out of the room he mumbled, "That's the right way to do it."
The nurse came back in with all the supplies she needed to take the blood samples and start the IV. When the IV was in place she told Taffy she was going to give her something to relax and proceeded to inject a drug into the IV line. When she finished, the nurse told them the doctor would be back to talk to them later.
When the doctor returned, even though Taffy was in severe pain, she tried to listen to the doctor. The only things she really understood him to say was appendicitis and surgery. Joy had tears in her eyes as she continued to hold Taffy's hand while the doctor explained Taffy's appendix was so enlarged it could burst at any time.
The doctor told Joy he had already made arrangements for emergency surgery and someone would be taking Taffy to the OR (operating room) in a few minutes. He asked if there were any questions but Joy didn't have any and Taffy was in too much pain to ask anything. When the doctor left the room, Joy hugged and kissed her daughter and tried to keep her calm.
The nurse came back into the room and injected another drug directly into the IV line. She told Joy that Taffy would get groggy in a few minutes. They didn't want her all worked up about going into the OR.
It wasn't long before a guy dressed in green scrubs came into her room and said he was going to take her to the OR and her parents could follow them until they reached the waiting room. At the doors leading into the OR, the guy in green scrubs paused and waited for Dana and Joy to kiss their daughter and tell her, "I love you baby girl. I'll be here waiting for you when they're finished ..... I love you."
As Taffy was pushed through the doors, Joy turned in her husband's arms and cried hard. He comforted her but Joy was distraught at the thought of her daughter going into surgery.
The next thing Taffy knew, she was in a different room with both her parents sitting by her bed, waiting for her to wake up. Once they realized she was waking up, they showered her with gentle hugs and kisses.
Taffy remembered, she had to stay in the hospital for three days, and during that time she had plenty of visitors. Her siblings and Connie came to visit her the most and stayed the longest.
Taffy was brought back to the present when her sister knocked on her door and said, "Wake up sleepy head, breakfast will be ready soon."
Taffy replied, "Thanks, I'm awake, I have to take a shower first and I'll be right down."
Taffy hooked her thumbs back in the waist band of her panties and pushed them down her legs. She noticed that she had to take time to shave because her pubic area had a five o'clock shadow, which was the curse of having black hair on the top and bottom. She wasn't really disappointed about the black hair on her head because it made her bright blue eyes stand out.
Taffy picked up her robe and started to put it on, but stopped. It suddenly occurred to her after her shower; she had to wrap a towel around her body, it wouldn't look right if her robe was left in the bathroom.
Suddenly, butterflies invaded her stomach at the reality of what she was about to do. Could she really go downstairs with only a small towel wrapped around her body? Could she really lean forward and allow her family members to see her naked body when the towel opened?
"OH MY GOD" Taffy softly exclaimed. "I'm nuts to think I could pull this off with my family looking at me."
She slipped the robe off her arm and laid it on her bed. She walked slowly to her door and paused. Her hand was shaking, her nerves were on edge, her brain was almost on overload and that's when she turned and walked back to her stand in front of her mirror. She stared at the naked girl, the bare naked girl with no pubic hair to even hide her most secret place between her legs. Taffy spoke softly to her reflection, "I have to do this dare and my family is going to see my naked body. I really have to do this. I really have to do this. I can do this. Wait right here for me, I'll be back!"
Taffy turned and walked the few steps back to her door. She opened it a little way so she could listen for any movement. When she didn't hear anything she opened it a little more and poked her head out and looked up and down the hall. Her bedroom was not quite half way down the hall so the bathroom wasn't far from her room. However, for her to get to the bathroom, she had to walk towards the stairs which was risky because someone could come up the stairs and catch her naked in the hall.
After a few more moments of hesitation, Taffy opened her door all the way and stepped forward until she was half in and half out of her room. Once again she listened and looked and there was not one iota of anyone being present on the second floor. She thought everyone must be in the kitchen eating.
The butterflies returned as she stepped out into the hallway completely naked for the first time since she was a little girl and walked nervously towards the bathroom. Just as she reached the bathroom door she heard water running in the sink and she stopped dead in her tracks. She was almost ready to turn around and run when her sister Julie came out of the bathroom in a tee shirt. Julie stopped and looked at her little sister's naked body for a few seconds before she said, "Umm, did you forget something?"
Taffy blushed a little as she said, "I was in a hurry because you knocked on my door and said breakfast was almost ready."
"Ok, well hurry up, get your shower." Julie said, "I'll let everyone know you'll be down in a few minutes."
Taffy scurried into the bathroom and hurriedly adjusted the water in the shower before she sat down on the toilet to pee. Before getting in the shower she reached into the towel cabinet and pulled out the towels she'd use, when she was finished. Taffy stepped into the shower and moved under the shower head. Without thinking, she put shampoo in her hair even though she hadn't intended to wash it. Of course after shampooing, she had to use conditioner so her hair wouldn't tangle and snarl. Washing her hair took more time than she wanted to spend in the shower so she hurried and washed the rest of her body and paid particular attention to her pussy and made sure that was washed thoroughly. Then she had to take time to shave her pussy and she did that slowly and carefully so she didn't cut anything.
When she finished, she shut off the water, opened the curtain and picked up the towel for her hair. Taffy dried it some, before she wrapped the towel around her head and tucked in the edge so it would stay in place. She dried her body with the other towel and then laid it on the side of the sink while she brushed her teeth. Just as she was finishing, her sister Julie knocked on the bathroom door and said, "Hurry up in there; mom has your breakfast on the table already."
Taffy finished quickly and reached for her towel and wrapped it around her body and started to tuck it in between her breasts but then she remembered Connie dared her to tuck the end of the towel in on her right side. Taffy quickly adjusted the towel and when she started to move she felt the towel loosen up. She re-tucked the end and opened the bathroom door and saw Tommy just outside ready to knock on the door. He smiled when he saw her before saying, "Wow, sis you look great this morning."
Taffy smiled and said, "I'm sure you're wishing I didn't have this towel around me when you said that, you perv."
"You know I love you and I'd protect you to the ends of the earth," Tommy said, "But seeing you like this, hey I'm only a guy and you're looking mighty good."
"Come on Tommy, I'm your sister." Taffy whined, "Don't you have any moral sense than to perv at your sister?"
Tommy lowered his voice to just a whisper and said, "Oh, and just between you and me, if that towel slid off that great looking body of yours this second, I'd be one happy brother."
"You are incorrigible TOMMY!" Taffy exclaimed without alerting anyone else in the house.
"You keep wishin' perv; maybe sometime soon you'll get to see the goods. I've got to go, mom has my breakfast ready." Taffy said with a giggle as she turned and headed for the stairs.
As she entered the kitchen everyone else was just finishing their breakfast and Taffy's mom said, "You might want to warm your breakfast up in the microwave, it's been on the table for a while. Why didn't you get dressed?"
"Mom, Julie didn't tell me you had my breakfast cooked until she just knocked on the bathroom door. So I hurried right down to eat before it got too cold," she reasoned.
Taffy went to the refrigerator and took out the orange juice; when she stood up she saw her dad quickly look back down at his paper. Then she went to the cupboard and reached up for a glass. It wasn't until she had the glass orange juice pitcher in one hand and a glass in the other that her towel came loose and in less than a second it slid swiftly to the floor. What made matters worse or better, depending on how you want to look at it, Taffy screamed when it happened. Her scream only served to get her more attention than she wanted at that point.
Taffy had been facing towards the kitchen table so no matter how fast she moved to set down the orange juice and her glass, everyone at the table had a few seconds to view Taffy's completely naked body. She quickly squatted and picked up her towel. When she stood up again she was still facing the table as she wrapped the towel around her naked body. This time when she looked at her father, he didn't look down at his paper. He was staring at her, right at her pussy! Taffy wrapped her towel around her body and tucked it in on her right side.
"Hey sis, when did you remove the carpet down there?" Renee asked with a giggle.
"Girls, I don't need to hear that kind of talk." Taffy's father said.
"But daddy, you were looking at Taffy's pussy just like the rest of us." Renee countered.
"That's enough Renee," Taffy's mother injected, "Taffy, sit down before your towel falls off again."
"When did Taffy's towel fall off?" Tommy asked as he walked into the room.
"Just a few seconds ago, dad got an eyeful of Taffy's juicy body." Renee said while giggling.
"That's enough young lady; accidents happen. That was perfectly innocent. There wasn't any way for Taffy to stop her towel from falling off, her hands were full." Taffy's father said in her defense.
"So you were looking." Renee criticized in a good natured sing song voice.
"Yes, of course I looked when Taffy screamed. Yes, I saw what happened but let's drop it, don't embarrass your sister." Dana said.
"So Taffy, like when did you shave the carpet or did you have it waxed off?" Renee questioned.
"I shaved it ok? When I shaved my legs, I just kept going and shaved off everything." Taffy retorted.
"Ummmm .... girls .... I don't need to know that part about your personal lives." Dana interrupted.
"Mom shaves her carpet completely, because she said you like it that way, and I only asked Taffy when she started shaving the carpet. I know I've been shaving mine bald for a couple of years now." Renee countered.
"Wow, keep going," Tommy said, "This conversation is getting good."
"Mind your manners Tommy," his mother countered.
"Come on mom, lighten up, it's not like we're seven years old anymore. All of us know what you and dad did to make us, and both of you have done a great job raising us. We are family and we pull together. A few individual secrets between us won't tear our bond apart. I know other kids who wish they could have a strong family bond like we have." Renee said authoritatively.
Julie and Jerry came downstairs fully dressed and ready to leave for work but they walked into the kitchen just as their father put his paper down and said, "You're right Renee. Your mom and I are blessed to have kids who value our family bond. Please remember, your mother and I only instilled those values in you when you were growing up. However, now that you've grown up, it's up to each of you to carry on and live with those values."
"Thinking about what you said Renee, I guess a few family secrets between us serves to strengthen our relationship, as a family. I remember when all of you kids used to run around the house in just your underwear and sometimes nothing at all. Actually, all of us still run around here in almost nothing. It's not uncommon for the guys in this family to be down here in just our boxers and no one has ever said anything. Just like no one has said anything to any of you girls for being down here in your tee shirt and panties. So I guess none of us should be shocked seeing each other ....."
"Besides, I remember helping your mother bathe each one of you when you were growing up so I guess I shouldn't be shocked to hear you talk about shaving yourself bald. Yes, I did ask your mother to keep herself shaved bald and I won't hold that against her for telling you. We are fortunate that all of you are responsible young adults. As a family, we have been through some really hard times and I want to thank each and every one of you for contributing some of your hard earned money to keep this family going."
"We have survived and things are going to get better soon. I'm back to work thanks to Taffy's boss, Dan Morrison. I've never met any executive of any company I've worked for who took an interest in an employee's family as Dan has done. We are still limited for cash right now, until I get my first check and it will be a little while until we get back on our feet." Dana finished saying.
"I don't know what was said to start that speech dad," Julie stated, "But as the fourth oldest person in this family, counting you and mom, I cherish this family and the way we've all pulled together during the rough times. What we've been through just served to strengthened our family bond. As far as running around the house in just a tee shirt and panties, dad, I have to tell you, I don't always wear panties under my tee shirt."
All the girls giggled including their mother who composed herself before saying, "Julie, I don't always wear panties under my tee shirt either. Now that our secret is out, the guys will always be guessing if we are or aren't wearing panties."
"I want to tell you girls, your secret is not a secret, at all. When you bend over wearing only a tee shirt it's easy to see which one of you, aren't wearing panties, just so you know. I don't really mind nor do I care what anyone wears or doesn't wear. Being the close family that we are is the most important thing for me." Dana said with a big smile on his face.
"One thing we know for sure, right now," Renee said, "We know Taffy is completely naked under that towel and her pussy is completely bald."
"We know that how?" Jerry asked.
"Oh you weren't here a little while ago when your baby sister turned exhibitionist and showed all of us what she wasn't wearing under her towel. Even dad got an eye full of her delicious looking body." Renee responded.
"Renee Jean Davis!" Her mother exclaimed, "Your sister isn't an exhibitionist, she experienced an accident when her towel fell off."
"I wish I'd been down here to see that." Tommy said.
Their father spoke up saying, "You know son, you shouldn't wish any bad luck on anyone because it might come back and bite you some day. Maybe sometime your towel will fall off Tommy, and you can be the brunt of the conversation. Your sister had her hands full and there was no way for her to catch her towel without breaking the glass she had in both hands. I think she did the right thing and put the pitcher of orange juice and the glass down instead of dropping them. It was just an unfortunate accident."
"Yeah perv!" Taffy said, "It's no secret that you've been trying to catch us girls in some state of undress or naked. Just last week when I was in the bathroom you just walked in without knocking. I had my bra and panties on so you didn't get to see anything."
"Tommy, it's not right to do that," his mother said, "If you see them by accident that's one thing but they are your sisters for God sakes."
"I know mom," Tommy said, "And I would defend my sisters from any and all danger but do you know how tough it is living with sisters so beautiful they could be models on the cover of any magazine? Look at them, they're all very beautiful. Oh, and you're just as beautiful as they are, mom."
"Don't worry perv," Taffy said, "Someday you'll get a chance to see a girl naked. When you do, I hope you'll take your time to make her happy before you blow your load and go to sleep."
All three girls and their mother burst out laughing as Tommy said "Don't worry about that, I know what to do."
Jerry said, "Don't let them get you lil brother, girls will be girls. I've got to get going or I'll be late for work."
"Ain't you the voice of experience," Joy said, "Where did you learn all about girls? I hope you're not giving us some quote from those Playboy magazines you have hidden under your mattress."
"MOM!" Jerry said, "You aren't supposed to be snooping around in my room."
"Did you notice your room was cleaner than you left it most days? I wasn't snooping when I clean up after you and while making your bed I find your Playboy magazine under your pillow and your mattress, open to one of them naked girls. If you cleaned your room and made your bed every day, I won't have to go in there." His mother countered.
Suddenly the doorbell sounded and Joy interrupted the conversation and went to answer the door. She came back into the kitchen and said, "Come on Dana, time to go shopping. Renee, Tommy, Taffy do any of you want to go?"
All three declined and Taffy added, "Nope, since I've been the topic of discussion this morning I think I'll go up to my room and pout. Besides, I want to call Connie this morning and find out what she's doing."
When all the older family members were gone, Renee said, "I'm going to go take a shower, and shave my legs. Come to think of it, I'm going to shave my pussy too, see you guys in a little while."
Taffy put her dish in the sink and took time to wash the few breakfast dishes while Tommy dried them and put them back in the cupboard. When they were finished, Tommy asked, "Are you really going to lie on your bed?"
"Why do you want to know?" Taffy asked, "Are you planning on coming into my room and perving me?"
"It's not like that Taffy, really," Tommy said, "You are a very beautiful girl and you're standing here with just a towel wrapped around you and ...."
"I know, you wish my towel would slip again and fall on the floor so you could see how beautiful I am, right?" Taffy said in a sweet innocent voice.
"I just want to look." Tommy said with a sad eyed puppy dog look on his face.
"I don't know Tommy." Taffy said quietly so no one else would hear her. "I know it's probably impossible to change your mind about seeing me or your other sisters naked."
"Please Taf, just show me what everyone else got to see." Tommy pleaded. "PLEASE?"
"Oh God Tommy, go lock the doors; I'm going up to my room and I don't want to be disturbed." Taffy said while her heart fluttered in her chest.
"But .... But ...." Tommy stuttered as he watched his sister turn and walk out of the kitchen.
Taffy walked on shaky legs over to the stairs. About half way up the stairs she allowed the towel to slide off her body and fall on the stairs. The towel on her head quickly followed the first so that both towels were left lying on the stairs in plain sight.
Tommy's eyes bugged out of his head as he watched the first towel fall. He gasped when he realized his sister was naked and he could see her beautiful ass. Suddenly his body told him it needed oxygen and he inhaled a huge breath.
Nervously, Taffy walked up the last few stairs and disappeared from Tommy's sight down the hallway. As she walked past the bathroom, she heard Renee humming the current number one hit. She also noticed the bathroom door was open about two inches.
Once Taffy was out of his sight Tommy rushed to the front door and locked it. Then he hurried to the back door and locked that also. He took a few more deep breaths while he looked at his shaking hands. His mind kicked in a little bit and he determined he didn't want to rush up the stairs like a fool, he was going to act a little sophisticated and go upstairs slowly.
Taffy walked the last few steps to her room, she left the door open and then she walked straight to her bed. Without one instant of hesitation she laid down as Connie had dared her to do. She bent her knees and then allowed them to flop off to either side. She felt the cool air on her open pussy as she picked up her phone and pushed Connie's number. The phone only rang twice when she heard Connie's voice say, "Are you in position? Is your door open?"
Taffy just had time to say "YES! and YES!" before she saw Tommy standing in her doorway, with both her towels in his hand. His eyes proverbially bugged out of his head as he stared at his naked sister with her legs spread so wide open.
Connie asked, "Did you give your brother a hint that you were going to be naked?"
Instead of answering the question Taffy said, "Hi Tommy,"
Taffy heard Connie scream into the phone, "OH MY FUCKING GOD, TOMMY'S IN YOUR ROOM AND YOU'RE LAYING LIKE I DARED YOU?"
Once again Taffy ignored Connie and said, "Come on over here and have a seat right here next to me, I'm talking to Connie."
"YOU'RE FULL OF SHIT; TOMMY AIN'T IN YOUR ROOM!" Connie screamed.
Tommy's eyes were glued to Taffy spread open pussy and when he walked into her room he moved very slowly, as if he was a wild animal stalking prey. When he reached his sister's bed his eyes roamed over her naked body but returned frequently to her bald pussy. Taffy patted the mattress and motioned for Tommy to sit down and when he finally got the unspoken message he chose the spot next to her bent knee. That way, he had a close up view of her beautiful pussy, which looked like a delicate flower with its pedals folded open.
Taffy's hands were shaking as she held her phone out to her brother and said, "Say hi to Connie. She likes you, you know."
Tommy took the phone and put it up to his ear and said, "Hi Connie."
Taffy could only hear Tommy's side of the conversation as he said, "Yes, Taffy is naked and lying on the bed with her legs spread wide."
"Yes, I'm looking at her pussy right now."
"No, she didn't say you dared her to do that, did you?"
"No, she isn't covering anything with her hands; I can see her complete naked body."
"Ummm, yeah I do, but she's my sister."
"Yes, I've wanted to see her naked for a long time."
"Yes, she's very beautiful even more beautiful completely naked than when she has clothes on."
"Ok, here she is."
Tommy handed the phone back to Taffy and once again Taffy heard her scream, "OH GOD, I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU ARE LAYING THERE COMPLETELY NAKED WITH TOMMY SITTING ON YOUR BED!"
"As I told you, I've never welched on a dare so I'm doing what you dared me to do." Taffy replied with a nervous sounding voice.
Taffy reached down and picked up Tommy's hand and placed it on her right breast. His hand felt so warm but he was stunned and she had to coax him to squeeze her breast by squeezing his hand.
Taffy continued to talk to Connie as Tommy worked up enough courage to move his own hand over to her left breast and gently massage it in between tweaking her nipple. Connie asked Taffy all kinds of questions to keep track of what she was doing and what Tommy was doing to her.
Taffy's nervousness diminished and she encouraged Tommy to take off his shirt, followed by his pants a few moments later. Sitting beside her in just his boxers Taffy saw he had a hard on so she reached down and slipped her small hand into the hole in the front. The second Taffy wrapped her hand around his manhood he moaned and Connie heard him. Immediately Connie asked what he was moaning about. Taffy told her he was enjoying the view of her body.
Taffy said, "Connie, I have to go, I'll call you back later." Without waiting for a response, she hung up her phone.
Tommy only lasted less than a minute and he blew his load in his boxers. He started apologizing for making a mess but Taffy assured him not to worry. Taffy quietly told Tommy to take off his boxers and use them to clean off her hand and his cock. As if in a trance, Tommy slipped off his boxers and Taffy was pleasantly surprised to see Tommy's cock was still hard.
After he cleaned up her hand and his cock Taffy patted the left side of her bed and asked Tommy to lie down next to her. She put her legs out straight since she'd already completed Connie's dare but she opened them anyway to give Tommy's hand access to her pussy. At first Tommy only rested his hand on her belly so Taffy reached down and pushed it south until it was over her pussy. He looked at Taffy and in a whisper he said, "But this is so wrong, I'm your brother, I'm supposed to protect you from guys who want to take advantage of you, not do it myself."
With a faint smile on her face Taffy said, "You aren't taking advantage of me, I'm encouraging you to play with my pussy, I want you to play with my pussy and if you want to, you can fuck my pussy."
"TAFFY - WHAT DID YOU SAY?" Tommy was shocked to hear his sister say fuck and she was talking about herself. After his shock settled down a little bit he responded with, "Taffy, do you know what you said I could do to you, is incest? We just can't do that."
In a nervous, shaky voice Taffy said, "Tommy, I want you to have sex with me. We don't have much time because Renee will be out of the bathroom soon. So make up your mind quickly, do you want to enjoy this body of mine or do you want to forever masturbate wondering what you missed out on."
"But Taffy, you're my sister, it's illegal. I don't want to go to jail." Tommy replied.
"It's only illegal if after we have sex, you run around and tell all your friends you fucked your sister. Then someone will investigate. However if you keep this just between you and me, I'm not going to tell anyone." Taffy challenged.
She reached down and wrapped her hand around Tommy's cock again and stroked him before she asked, "Wouldn't this feel better inside me than in my hand?"
Taffy spread her legs wider and asked, "Do you want to get between my legs or do you want me to be on top and ride this beautiful cock of yours?"
"OH SHIT! Are you really serious about this? What about us after we do it, will we still be close, like we are now?"
"Tommy, I'll always love you as my brother. No, nothing will change between us. Actually, we'll strengthen our bond and make our relationship more special."
"If there is absolutely no way to change your mind," Tommy mused, "You get on top so you can control how much of my cock you want in you. That still doesn't make it right or legal, you know."
Taffy pushed her brother flat on his back and then rose up and straddled his hips. He looked down and saw her beautiful bald slit and his hard cock. Taffy allowed herself to sit on Tommy's cock and press it flat against his body. She was so wet she was dripping so she used some of her fluids to lubricate her brother's cock.
Taffy moved slowly and steadily back and forth along the length of Tommy's cock. Tommy moaned loud enough that Taffy had to shush him so Renee wouldn't hear him.
Taffy acted like she knew what she was doing when in fact she was doing what came naturally, what the other girls talked about and the lessons she'd learned in sex education class. When Taffy was satisfied her brother's cock was well lubricated she lifted up and reached between her legs and aimed his cock at her pussy.
Tommy reached up and put a hand on each of his sister's hips and held her steady. "You know, once you've lowered yourself on my cock, there's no turning back. This is something that can't be undone."
"I want to make love to you, more than ever. I love you and I know you would never hurt me or brag to your friends about what we are going to do, like some other guys I know. Please Tommy; never doubt my feelings for you, now or tomorrow."
"Oh God Taffy, here I am with a beautiful girl, a beautiful naked girl perched over my stiff cock and I'm questioning if we should do it or not. Most guys I know would have already rammed their cock into you by now."
"See ... see that's what I'm talking about. I know you love me and you want to give me plenty of time to back out. However, I don't want to and I do want to make love to you but only if you are with me on this. I don't want you to regret anything tomorrow either."
"If you are absolutely certain ..." Tommy nervously said. "I'm with you but I want you to be the one to decide how much you take inside you. You set the rules and I'll go along with them. Hell, I was only looking forward to seeing you naked ..... I never expected this."
Taffy smiled as she started to settle down over the tip of Tommy's cock. She moved slowly and deliberately. Her eyes were locked on to Tommy's eyes as if they were both telepathic. One final down stroke and her pussy lips were resting on Tommy's pubic area. Taffy started to move both up and down and when she had all of his cock inside her, she sat up straight and wiggled her hips to make sure she had every iota of her brother's firm cock buried inside her.
Tommy was glad his sister went slowly because her love tunnel was so tight and super-heated. All he could utter was, "Oh Taffy .... You feel so good. I've never felt like this before.
After sitting still a few moments and feeling Tommy's hard cock fill her completely, Taffy started moving up and down his shaft, while he held her lovely titties, one in each hand. He pinched her nipples causing her to moan. They worked into a great rhythm and both of them began moaning loudly, not caring who heard them.
Suddenly they heard a loud shriek followed by, "WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU TWO DOING?"
Renee ran into the room and said, "You can't do that, that's incest."
Both Taffy and Tommy were beyond listening to their sister as their mutual orgasms reached fever pitch and both of them started to buck and quiver as each one enjoyed their mutual spasmodic orgasms together. Taffy moved faster and faster up and down her brother's pole until she was exhausted and collapsed on top of Tommy with his semi-hard cock still embedded in her.
Once more, Renee tried to get their attention but Taffy kissed Tommy on the lips and then when their lips met the second time Tommy was ready and he kissed her back very passionately. They engaged in a tongue duel and no matter what Renee said, they didn't stop kissing for at least the next three minutes.
When the kiss ended Taffy looked towards Renee and noticed she was nude and sitting on her towel in Taffy's chair. Taffy giggled and said, "Tommy, look at your sister."
Tommy looked and saw Renee's knees were spread and he could see her bald pussy and immediately Taffy felt his cock jerk and she asked, "You like seeing her like that, don't you? I feel your cock growing bigger inside me."
Renee said, "You know what you guys did is illegal. It's called incest and it's against the law in this country."
"Only if I run around and brag to all my friends that I had sex with my sister. I can promise you right now, I'm not going to do that. I'm the luckiest fucker in this town. Taffy, have I told you how beautiful you are? Oh and Renee, you are a picture of perfection also."
"You keep talking like that and you'll get a chance to sink that tool of yours into this pussy as well." Renee responded.
"Are you kidding me, is it possible two of my sisters would be willing to have sex with me?"
"Why don't you convince the sister that's hogging your cock to get off you and you'll find out if you have to sisters who'll have sex with you." Renee said in a matter of fact voice.
"I don't know, I found him first, I don't know if I want to share him." Taffy said with a huge smile on her face.
Taffy sat up and started to rise up off Tommy's cock when he looked down and saw remnants of his cum sticking to his cock. Suddenly he got alarmed and said, "OH SHIT, I wasn't wearing a condom and when we had our orgasms together and I dumped my load inside you Taffy."
"Don't worry," Taffy replied, "I've been on birth control pills for a few years now and the other day I got the Depo-Provera birth control shot. When that takes effect fully I won't have to worry about having my period every month. I'm going to stay on the shot for as long as my doctor deems it safe for me."
"Wow, I'd love to get that shot, I'm taking birth control pills too. That would be pretty neat not to have my period every month." Renee added.
"Sis," Taffy said, "If you are serious about wanting to get the shot, I'll take you to my doctor after I get my next check. I know you don't make much money so I'll pay for your shot if you want me to."
"Taffy, did I tell you how much I love you? I'd love to get the shot and I'll pay you back a little at a time, if that's alright with you." Renee said with a sincere tone of voice.
"Don't worry about paying me back sis," Taffy said, "I was just promoted at work and I'll have many opportunities to put in extra hours and make overtime, so I'll do that for you because you're my sister and I love you."
"I'll be really grateful to you if you do that for me. Someday, I'll be able to do something special for you." Renee replied.
Taffy lifted her body all the way up and off Tommy's cock. He already was sporting a hard-on because of Renee's offer. Taffy lay down by Tommy's side and reached out and turned his face towards hers and kissed him again. However this time, they lovingly groped each other's body and there was much more passion in their kiss.
Renee watched Tommy's cock as Taffy stroked it. She exclaimed, "Holy shit Tommy, you have a very nice cock!"
Renee stood up and walked over to the bed and looked at her brother and sister. Intentionally she stood with her feet wide apart and when Tommy finished kissing Taffy he turned his head and saw another magnificent bald pussy within his reach. Renee's body was exactly the same as Taffy's body, except for their hair color. Renee had very dark brown hair and Taffy had black hair. Renee picked up her towel and handed it to Tommy and asked him to wipe his cock off. When he finished Renee asked, "If we do this are you going to tell anyone?"
Tommy moved his finger across his lips in a motion that people understand as zipping your lips before he said, "I think the three of us should come to some kind of agreement whereby we swear to each other never to tell anyone else. Taffy, that includes Connie."
"I understand. I promise I won't talk about anything we do and I don't want this to be a onetime thing. Tommy, you have a marvelous cock and I want to ride it again and again." Taffy conceded.
"I also won't tell anyone what has and likely will transpire here today. If you two are willing to make love with me, I'd be the dumbest idiot in the world to mess that up." Tommy said.
"Ok, I want that cock inside me." Renee said as she laughed.
She moved onto the bed and straddled Tommy's hips. She reached between her legs and aimed his beautiful seven and a half inch cock at her pussy. Renee moved her brother's cock up and down her slit a few times so her feminine fluids would coat his cock head to make it slide into her easier.
Like Taffy she moved up and down taking more and more of his cock into her body until she was sitting on her brother with his entire cock buried deep inside her. She moaned in delight before she said, "OH Tommy, I wish we had done this years ago. Your cock feels so good. The best part of all this is you love me and would never do anything to hurt me like my last scumbag boyfriend."
Renee started moving up and down her brother's cock when he asked, "What did your last boyfriend do to you. I'll kick his ass."
"I don't want to talk about him right now; I want to enjoy your nice cock."
Renee's tight vagina gripped her brother's cock and massaged the sensitive ring at the base of his cock head. Soon both Tommy and Renee's breathing increased to sporadic gasps as both of them traveled the pre-orgasmic path and their movements became jerky and unpredictable. Both of them were making loud moaning sounds and getting louder by the moment. Taffy watched both of her older siblings enjoy their first sexual encounter.
They lasted over fifteen minutes before both of them exploded in mutual orgasms. Like Taffy, Renee collapsed on top of her brother when they finished. After a few minutes Renee rolled off her brother on the opposite side from Taffy. All three of them talked quietly as Renee and Taffy cuddled up to Tommy, from each side.
Finally Tommy got around to asking Renee, "Why did you break up with your last boyfriend? Did he hit you?"
"Why do you want to know Tommy?" Renee asked.
"You mentioned him in a very derogatory way; in the same sentence with the words "hurt you". I want to know if he hurt you. IF he hurt you then I'll find him and make him hurt twice as bad as he hurt you." Tommy replied in a soft loving voice.
"He never hit me Tommy," Renee said, "What he did do though, was much worse."
"So, I'm in suspense here. Are you going to tell me so I can find him and make sure he doesn't do to any other girl, what he did to you?"
Renee hesitated and both Tommy and Taffy looked over at her. She had tears in her eyes as she said, "Remember he was a party animal and at first it was fun to go out and party and meet other people. We went to all kinds of parties and danced almost all the time. I really enjoyed myself even though he drank a little too much ... too many times."
"We had sex on a regular basis so I didn't say anything to him when we were at a party and he would massage my breasts through my blouse and bra. I even let him put his hand between my legs when I didn't think anyone would see us, even when I had a dress or skirt on. At first he was real happy to feel me up a little bit so I got turned on and really horny. When we left the party and we were in private, we had fantastic sex."
"As time went on he wanted to put his hands inside my blouse and play with my boobs. That soon escalated to him wanting to reach inside my blouse and raise my bra above my boobs and play with them. Again I didn't stop him because he was always discrete and I remained completely covered. I'm pretty sure some of the other people, at the various parties, knew what he was doing to me but they didn't see anything."
"After I started letting him play with my boobs with my bra raised inside my blouse, he wanted me to wear button up the front blouses when we went out. After he had a few drinks he'd unbutton some of my buttons and reach into my blouse, flip my bra up and openly rub my boobs. There were a few times he made me squeal by pinching my nipple and when people looked at us I was forced to smile even though they saw his hand inside my blouse."
"Of course, when I didn't stop him from doing what he wanted with my boobs, the next obvious step was for him to tell me not to wear a bra when we went out. He wanted me to continue to wear the button up the front blouse. Like a dummy, I didn't argue with him because like I said, he'd always been discrete and never exposed me to anyone."
"One time we were at a party at a private house and they had a hot tub. Some of the girls had on bikinis because they'd been to parties at this house before. Well, my boyfriend wanted me to get into the hot tub with the other girls but I told him I didn't have a bikini so I couldn't go in. He told me to just take off my clothes and join the other girls. I flatly refused to go into the hot tub naked, in front of all his friends. He got angry with me and we ended up leaving the party. On the way to his house he told me I had embarrassed him in front of his friends and the next time we go to that house for a party,I would take off all my clothes, even if I was wearing a bikini and get in the hot tub with the other girls."
"After that night things started to change in our relationship. This is the part that gets rough for me to reveal. He did things to me and justified doing them; by saying I had allowed him certain freedoms in public places. He was quick to point out I wore a skirt and a button up the front blouse without a bra as a few examples of my willingness to do what he wanted me to do. He told me I was just as much at fault for allowing him to tell me what to do and me doing them."
"I understood his reasoning because that was exactly how I dressed when we went out. The only difference after that night, we would dance and he would have something to drink and once he had a few down him, he became playful. He would unbutton my blouse down below my boobs and when we danced he put his hands on my ass and I know he raised the back of my skirt so part of my ass showed. But there was no real damage so I didn't say anything to him."
"When we took a break and sat down he would reach into my open blouse and play with my boobs. A few times he pushed my blouse to the side so even I could see most of my boob while he played. His other hand slid up my leg to get to my pussy but each time I pushed his hand away and pressed my legs together tightly to block his access to that part of my body. I was always vigilant and made sure no one saw what he was doing to me."
"One time, he took me shopping at Fredericks of Hollywood before we went out. He embarrassed the hell out of me when he had me stand there while he and the salesgirl selected a few pair of sexy panties for me. Even though they only selected panties in my size, he told her he wanted me to try them on. We went back to the changing room, all three of us. He made sure the door to the changing room stayed open and invited the salesgirl into the room to watch me before he turned to me and told me to take off my skirt and panties. He then told the salesgirl to only hand me one pair of panties at a time. I looked at him, no, I stared at him, but he didn't change his mind about me being naked from the waist down in front of the other girl with the door wide open. I turned away from them and started to undo my skirt but he told me to turn around and not be bashful because I had the same thing she did. I turned around and faced both of them and of course the open door and slowly removed my skirt. I hung my skirt on a hook and then I went into slow motion and took my time as I pushed my panties down and took them off."
"When I stood up I crossed my legs but he told me not to do that and instructed me to stand up and move my feet apart. The girl was smiling as she looked directly at my pussy. It seemed like an hour went by before she handed me the first pair of panties."
"I asked her for the store panties a girl uses when she tries on intimate apparel. When I finished speaking she told me I didn't need them because my boyfriend had already told her he was going to buy the panties for me."
"When I questioned him as to why I was trying them on, he shrugged and told me he wanted me to get used to people seeing me. He followed that up by saying I was lucky he wasn't going to have me go back out into the store dressed the way I was and select another pair of panties. I quickly tried on all the panties they had selected for me. When I was finished, he told me he wanted me to put on the crotch-less white lace thongs instead of my panties."
"They put my panties in the bag and we left the store and went to the party. Once again while we danced he raised my skirt enough for my ass cheeks to be seen. I reached back and pulled my skirt down to cover myself but a moment later he reached down and lifted my skirt even higher and he had both hands directly on my ass cheeks. We finished the slow dance and I wanted to sit down but he insisted we continue to dance and he told me to leave my skirt alone. I'm positive the people dancing behind me had a wonderful view of my bouncing ass cheeks."
"When we finally sat down his hands went directly to my blouse and unbuttoned every visible button. There was only one button still buttoned and that was inside the waist of my skirt. We had a drink and then he pulled me out on the dance floor, to dance a fast song. I danced and tried to hold my blouse together but he instructed me to let go of my blouse and dance. I did and my braless boobs bounced the rest of the night. A few times I had to tuck them back into my blouse. When it came time to leave it seemed like he had to stop and talk to every guy on our way out. Those guys got an eye full of my boobs because he was holding my one hand and I didn't dare use the other to hold my blouse closed."
"Another time we were out at a private home party he didn't waste any time unbuttoning my blouse all the way except for that one button. He dragged me by the hand around to all his friends and introduced me to those I hadn't met before. Again, they could see inside my blouse because I didn't dare piss him off, by holding my blouse closed. We danced a lot and he drank a lot that night. Almost immediately, he had the back of my skirt raised with his hands on my ass cheeks, as we danced to slow numbers. I tried to pull my skirt down to cover myself but he whispered in my ear and told me if I touched my skirt again he would take it off me and I would have to dance in only my Fredericks of Hollywood thong."
"As the night wore on, he got more daring and he was even pulling my ass cheeks apart while we were dancing. I'm positive whoever was dancing behind us got to see my asshole. I was so embarrassed I told him I wanted to leave. He refused and we stayed for another hour during which time he intentionally pulled the sides of my blouse open and exposed my boobs to anyone who was looking our way. Once again I tried to save my modesty but when I re-covered my boobs he reached out and pulled the bottom of my blouse out of my skirt. He yanked the sides of my blouse forcefully in opposite directions and the single button, holding the bottom of my blouse together, popped off. It went rolling across the floor leaving my boobs and abdomen exposed to everyone."
"I had to sit there, facing the crowd, with the front of my blouse hanging open, while he finished his drink. Again when we left, he had to stop and shake hands with everyone. This time the guys could see both of my uncovered boobs. When we got out to the car, he told me to strip. I argued with him but he warned me if I didn't do it, he would. So, I stripped without saying another word."
Tears were running down Renee's face and while Tommy hugged her to him, Taffy jumped up and went to the bathroom and got a cool wash cloth and brought it back. She came back just in time to hear Tommy tell Renee she didn't have to go on with her story.
"I'll stop, if you don't want to hear this." Renee said in a soft voice, "I really need to tell someone. I've had no one to talk to since it happened. The next part is much worse because he got progressively worse as time went on. Do you want me to stop?"
Taffy spoke up quickly and said, "No, don't stop. I had no idea you've been suffering in silence."
"Ok then, like I said he got progressively worse as we continued to go out. The next time we went out he took me shopping again before we actually went out for the night. He took me to a place, I don't remember the name of it but he bought me a light pink sheer blouse. When we went to the dressing rooms in the back of the store, he stood with is back against the door, holding it open. I turned around to take my blouse off but he told me to face the door and if anyone looked in, not to cover myself. He held out his hand and I knew he wanted me to put my blouse in his hand when I took it off."
There were many people walking past the dressing room and all of them looked into the room and saw me topless. When I put on the sheer blouse I knew I'd be showing something but the single layer of material over my boobs didn't hide anything. I gasped when I looked in the mirror and I told him there was no way I could wear the blouse without a bra on. He looked at me and told me to get used to wearing it because I'd be wearing that blouse a lot."
He called a saleslady over to the dressing room and told her I wanted to wear the blouse instead of putting it in a bag and asked her if she could ring it up and take off the security device. She told me to take off the blouse and she would remove the device. I handed her the blouse and she left."
"While she was gone I told my boyfriend again that there was no way in hell I was going to wear that blouse without a bra. He told me he liked the blouse and I was going to wear it and that was the end of the conversation. More people walked by the room and saw me before the saleslady returned with the blouse. She waited and watched me put the blouse on and complemented me for having beautiful breasts. The three of us walked over to the register where my boyfriend paid for the sheer blouse and put the blouse I had been wearing blouse in a bag, which he carried."
"He then took me to another shop and we browsed through the short tight skirts that would fit me skin tight. He finally found two miniskirts which he liked. The tag said the fabric was 93% Polyester 7% Elastan, I knew that type of material would add additional problems to the skirt being as short as it was. The skirts had draw strings on the sides and I could only guess that would cause more exposure instead of more coverage."
"My boyfriend took both skirts over to a male salesman and asked him to assist me in the dressing room. The salesman looked at me at the same time I saw my boyfriend hand him some money. The salesman told me to follow him. I was nervous as hell thinking I would have to try the skirts on in front of the salesman. To make me even more nervous, as we followed the salesman my boyfriend whispered only loud enough for me to hear him, he wanted me to take off both my skirt and panties when we got to the dressing room."
"Remember, I already had on a sheer blouse that did nothing to hide my boobs from anyone's view and every guy we passed in the store did a double take and looked at my boobs. Now, my boyfriend wanted me to model skirts front of a strange guy without any panties on. When we got to the back of the store, we walked into a sectioned off area and down a hall with individual changing rooms on the left. We got to one where the door was open and the salesman stopped and motioned with his hand for me to enter. I walked into the rather large room first and then I turned and reached my hand out for the skirts. However my boyfriend had other ideas and told me to step back so both of them could come in too. I was devastated knowing I was going to have to strip in front of the salesman."
"I tried to argue with my boyfriend but once again, my boyfriend looked at me sternly and I silently conceded. He told me we needed to get moving along. He followed that up by telling me, since my blouse didn't hide anything; he wanted me to take that off first. I turned around facing away from them but my boyfriend was quick to tell me to turn around and face them. I turned and stared at him in disbelief, but all he did was smile back at me. I slowly unbuttoned my blouse and slipped it off my shoulders. He took my blouse and told me to hurry up and take off my skirt and panties. The salesman was all smiles when he heard I was going to be naked in front of him."
"I took off my skirt, again my boyfriend held out his hand so I gave it to him. Then he asked the salesman if he wanted to take off my panties. Of course no guy is going to turn down an opportunity to take off a girl's panties unless he's gay, so he immediately kneeled in front of me and pulled my panties down. My boyfriend shocked me even more when he told me to open my legs and let the salesman feel my pussy. I told him I wouldn't do that and he told me I didn't have a choice, as he scowled at me."
"I slid one foot away from the other but my boyfriend wasn't satisfied. To punish me, my boyfriend told me to turn around, and spread my feet wide apart. He then instructed me to touch the floor with my hands and don't move until he told me I could."
"I opened my eyes very wide and shook my head no but that didn't faze him one bit. He nodded his head and I knew I was out of options. I couldn't just leave because I was naked and he was holding my clothes and wouldn't give them to me. So I did what he told me to do. My face burned with embarrassment at the thought of both the salesman and my boyfriend being able to stare unimpeded at my most private areas. The salesman asked my boyfriend if he could finger fuck me and he was given permission. He finger fucked my pussy for a few minutes then shocked me when he pushed his finger into my asshole and finger fucked me there too. While doing my asshole he licked my exposed clit until I experienced an orgasm. When he was finished with me, my boyfriend made me get down on my knees and suck first the salesman's cock and then his. I had to swallow their cum so there wasn't any mess."
"I was finally allowed to try on the skirts and both of them barely covered the bottom of my ass cheeks. When I bent over, following my boyfriend's instructions, I looked in the mirror and could see my pussy peeking out at the top of my thighs. I tried to adjust the skirt but my boyfriend told me to leave it alone. He told the salesman he was going to take both skirts. I had to take the skirt back off so the salesman could remove the tags. I turned away from the door but as usual my boyfriend made me turn around and face the open door. He told me I'd better get used to people seeing me naked or he was going to punish me in front of a large group of people. I nodded my head considering the fact it was better to let a couple of people see me than a large crowd."
"A woman and her daughter started to walk into our changing room, since the door was open, and she stopped dead in her tracks when she saw me standing there naked. She told me I should learn to close the door if I was using the room. My boyfriend quickly told her that I loved to let others see me naked. He immediately told the woman it didn't matter to me if I showed my naked body to males or females. Both of them stared at my body especially my bald pussy. He asked her if she wanted to see me follow his instructions. I flashed my most stern glare at him at the same time I shook my head no but he looked at me and simply told me to turn around and spread my feet like before and put my hands on the floor."
"I realized he was actually going to make me spread myself open for his pleasure. I slowly turned around and parted my feet; I bent over and put my hands on the floor, in front of me. My face and I suspect my body, was totally red with embarrassment showing the mother and her daughter, my open pussy and my puckered asshole. The worst part is they talked about me with my boyfriend, without including me. Both the mother and daughter came into the room and were standing right behind me with my most private areas on display to them."
"The salesman came back into my room with my skirt and he stopped behind me and asked my boyfriend if he could finger me one last time. I was horrified when my boyfriend told him he could and I immediately felt him slip two fingers into my juicy pussy. I heard my boyfriend tell the mother and daughter it would be ok for them to use our changing room if they wanted to."
"The woman, after seeing the salesman finger fucking me, asked my boyfriend if he would instruct me to lick her pussy and her daughter's pussy, if she wanted it. I was terrified when I heard my boyfriend tell the woman all she had to do was take off all her clothes. When she questioned why she had to take off all her clothes, my boyfriend told her she would receive enjoyment from my mouth and he wanted to receive some enjoyment by seeing her completely naked body. He added if her daughter wanted me to lick her pussy she had to get completely naked too."
"The woman didn't hesitate; she was naked and sitting on the small bench in less than a minute. My boyfriend told me to move between her legs and pleasure her. I was crying and told them I wasn't a lesbian or bi-sexual and I wasn't going to lick anyone's pussy. Suddenly I felt a very hard slap on my ass and I knew right then and there, my fate was sealed. A few seconds later my boyfriend asked if I needed another slap to get me moving. I asked him if I had to remain spread open and he instructed me to just move forward between her legs and stay as I was. Her pussy was gross; it was covered with a lot of thick matted down hair. She has a strong odor from her gaping pussy that was totally repugnant. To top it all off, she had white crusties, I'm sure you know what I'm talking about Taffy. Tommy, they come from the toilet paper that clings to a pussy when we wipe after peeing. Uuuuuuuuuuuugh, Oh MY GOD, I stared at her nasty pussy for a few seconds before I casually used my finger to wipe those away. I didn't want those little balls of toilet paper in my mouth."
"After I was satisfied the lil crusties were gone, I cautiously stuck out my tongue and licked the first pussy of my life. I had to push my tongue through all that hair to finally get to her slit. I almost puked at the thought of pleasuring such a disgusting pussy but I wanted to get the task over with, as fast as possible. I didn't know what to do since I'd never pleasured another woman before, so I did to her what felt good when I played with my pussy and it worked. She had two orgasms before she released my head, and I could lean back away from her Grand Canyon."
"I thought I was finished, but the daughter asked my boyfriend if her pussy could be next. He quickly told her to take off all of her clothes and have a seat. I looked up at my boyfriend to complain, even though I knew it was useless, and that's when I saw he had is cell phone in his hand. That asshole was making a video of me with the mother and daughter. The daughter was naked sitting in front of my face in no time flat. I stared at her hairless pussy a few seconds before I moved my face forward and started licking her clit. She grasped the back of my head and pulled my face right into her juicy little slit. My nose was plugged with the top of her slit and my mouth was tight against her pussy. She produced so much fluid I had to swallow some of it, so I wouldn't drown and I'm not even kidding. While she held my head she moved it side to side and used my nose to stimulate her clit while my tongue was in her hole."
"The salesman asked my boyfriend if he could fuck me. When I heard that, I cried nooooo... into the daughter's pussy. I was totally relieved to hear my boyfriend say no for once. The reason my boyfriend gave for denying the salesman's request was not because he didn't want him to, but because we had a party to go to later. So the salesman split his fingers and pushed two into my asshole and two into my pussy and then pumped them into me."
"After I made the daughter have a couple of orgasms my boyfriend told me to suck the salesman's cock and then I could suck his cock again. The worst part for me was, both the mother and daughter stayed in the room and watched me on my knees in front of the guys. The whole time I was sucking each cock, the mother made lewd comments about my cock sucking techniques. Once again, I had to swallow the cum from both of them, so there wouldn't be a mess in the changing room."
"I was finally allowed to stand up and I looked at the naked mother and daughter and both of them smiled at me. I glared at them and told them I did not enjoy licking their pussy. The woman shrugged her shoulders and told me I was a great cunt lapper and she'd love to give me more practice. I told her only in her fucking dreams."
"My boyfriend told me to get dressed. When I reached for my panties, my boyfriend snatched them from my hand and handed them to the salesman and told him to keep them as a souvenir. I picked up my new skirt and stepped into it and pulled it up my legs. It didn't do much to cover me and only hung an inch or so below my pussy but the bottom of my ass cheeks were visible from behind. I pulled it down until I thought it was decent before I picked up my sheer blouse and put it on. When I was covered the best I could have been, (there is no way I could have said I was dressed) we left the changing room."
"I asked the salesman if there was a restroom I could use to wash my face and he had me follow him. He opened a door that said "Employees Only" and inside was a toilet and a sink. I walked into the restroom and reached back to close the door but he held it open. He told me I wasn't an employee so I couldn't close the door. I knew it was hopeless to argue and I was soooo embarrassed to think they were going to watch me. I looked at my boyfriend and saw he was still taking a video of me. I decided to show them I was better than they were, so I walked over to the toilet and hovered just above it and relieved myself, under their watchful eye. I dabbed my pussy dry with the cheap toilet paper, before I stood up and walked the couple of steps to the sink. I washed my hands and face before I cupped some water in my hands so I could rinse my mouth. When I finished, I dried my hands and face on the rough brown paper towels. With the best smile on my face that I could muster, I asked them if they were happy now."
"I walked out of the bathroom and on the way to the register, the salesman told me I could come back any time and he would personally service me. His weak attempt at word play didn't go unnoticed by my boyfriend. He told the salesman the next time we come in, he'd be willing to have me walk around the store in sheer panties and bra if he wanted. We stopped by the register and my boyfriend paid for the skirts. All the guys in the store stared at me with lust in their eyes."
"When we left the store we had to walk a good distance to get to his car. The material of the skirt clung to me and with each step I took; I could feel it ride up a little. I kept pulling it down until finally my boyfriend told me to leave the skirt alone and whatever happened, will happen. I told him I couldn't do that because it was riding up as I walked and if I let it go, my pussy would be showing and that's against the law and I wasn't going to be arrested for nobody."
"He didn't say anything more and I knew he was pissed off so I let the skirt ride up and lucky enough we made it out of the mall into the parking lot by the time I felt a cool breeze blow across my bare pussy lips. As I walked, I asked him if he was happy now that my pussy was showing for the world to see. He looked at me and then ran ahead of me and turned around to see if I was telling the truth. To make matters even worse, now that the skirt had managed to ride up over my ass cheeks, each step I took made it slide up more. It was a little past dusk but it was still light enough outside that when I walked past a group of five guys, they all saw my bald pussy and made a lot of comments in the short few seconds it took to pass by them."
"I saw a family off in a distance and I reached to pull my skirt down and my boyfriend told me to leave it alone. I told him my pussy was totally uncovered and I needed to pull my skirt down before we passed the family. He told me to leave my skirt alone and keep walking. I told him my skirt was almost at the top of my legs but it didn't matter. By the time we were ready to pass the family my face was scarlet from embarrassment and the mother yelled at me and told me to pull my skirt down. I fixed my eyes straight ahead and kept walking even though she called me all kinds of names as we passed by them. I was pissed off that my boyfriend made me expose myself and I told him so after we were out of earshot from them. He didn't say anything."
"Once we got in the car he made me pull my skirt up to my waist and sit with my legs spread wide. When we arrived at the party he leaned over and told me I'd better behave and follow his instructions and not to embarrass him. I was allowed to pull my skirt down and cover myself as best as I could before we entered the party. Immediately I was the center of attention and almost everyone complimented me for having beautiful boobs and told me how wonderful they looked."
"When we danced it didn't take long for my boyfriend to start playing with my ass cheeks. He pulled them apart and I silently suffered the embarrassment of knowing the people behind me were able to see an unobstructed view of my asshole and my pussy. When we sat down he made me spread my legs and many of his friends stood in front of me and talked to him while looking at my pussy. Once he had enough drinks in him he started openly rubbing my pussy as the guys were talking to him. A couple of times I tried to close my legs but he dug his fingernails into my thigh and I opened them again. Each time I closed my legs he made me pay a higher price by pushing my legs further apart or intentionally pulling up my skirt so not only was my pussy showing but my lower abdomen was as well. In other words, I might as well not have anything on below my waist."
"We decided to leave so he leaned over to me and told me to pull my skirt up so it was above my hips and leave it there. I told him I wasn't going to do that and he looked at me and told me to do it or else. Again I refused so he reached over and pulled my skirt down and with a bit of a struggle he pulled it off leaving me bottomless. I begged him to give me back my skirt but he refused and said if I wanted to wear my blouse I'd better keep quiet and do everything he told me to do."
"On the way out of the house I had to endure several of his friends including a couple of female friends who asked him if it was ok to finger my pussy. Of course he gave them permission and each time he instructed me to open my legs and give them access. At first I didn't but with a loud, hard slap on my bare ass, I did what he asked me to do, when he asked me to do it."
"As we walked out the door he told everyone the show starts in a few minutes to follow us. I didn't know what he was planning but the thought he had invited all his friends to watch us scared the shit out of me. We made it to the car and I was somewhat relieved but that didn't last long when he told me to take off my blouse. I looked around and then told him no, we were on the sidewalk and there were other houses nearby and cars traveling the street."
"He got that look in his eye and I didn't hesitate any longer and I unbuttoned my blouse. He took it from me and put in in the car then turned to me and told me I'd been a naughty girl and I needed to be punished. He pointed to a clear place in sidewalk where there were no cars parked at the curb, as he instructed me to walk to that spot. When I got there, he instructed me to face the street and spread my feet as wide as I could and bend over and put the palms of my hands on the sidewalk."
"He stood by his car as I followed his instructions. Everyone from the party was behind me. If I thought I had been embarrassed in the store, that was nothing to bending over with so many people standing behind me and seeing me with my pussy spread wide open and my puckered little asshole on display. To make matters worse, even though my body was in the circle of illumination from the street light, my boyfriend pulled his spotlight out of his car and shined it on me as he walked behind me, showing everyone my asshole and pussy. He handed the light to one of his friends. He unzipped his pants and drove his cock into me with such force I almost fell face first into the sidewalk. He fucked me in front of everyone gathered outside for a long time before he blew his load deep inside me. When he was finished he pulled out and left me standing there with his cum dripping out of me. There were plenty of flashes so I know there are pictures of my dripping pussy on many cell phones."
"When he allowed me to get up I had to go into the house and get some paper towels. As you can imagine, I was groped as I walked through the crowd on my way in and again on my way out. Some of the guys, who didn't mind the mess, fingered and rubbed my pussy while others squeezed my boobs. Either way I didn't want to piss off my boyfriend until I got home so I stopped each time someone reached for me and let them do what they wanted. It's a good thing I did that too, because my boyfriend was watching me."
"I spread the paper towels out on the seat of his car and asked for my clothes and he told me I didn't have any clothes that I would have to ride home naked with him or with one of the other guys. I got into the car and sat quietly. I waited until I was almost home and then when I was in familiar territory I unloaded on him. I told him I wasn't a two bit whore that he could pass around and let others grope or play with. That got the fight started and we yelled at each other even when he stomped on the brakes in the middle of the street and threw the transmission into park. I mean I really let him have it and told him there was no fucking way he was ever going to put me on display again. I was so pissed off I got out of the car not remembering that I was still almost a mile from home. It was lucky that it was a warm night or actually early in the morning. I walked home completely naked and I didn't even bother to be cautious. I don't know if anyone saw me but I was so mad I didn't care."
Tommy caressed his sister's face and wiped her tears with the damp wash cloth before saying, "It's ok Renee, I think we've got the picture. You don't have to say any more."
"Oh no, you don't have the complete picture yet, it gets much worse." Renee said in a quaking voice.
In a soft understanding voice Tommy said, "You really don't have to say anymore."
"Now that I've told you the beginning of my downfall, if you don't mind, I really want to tell both of you the rest of the story. Like I told you before, I've been keeping all this in my head and I haven't had anyone I trusted enough to tell. Tommy, I've never made love to you before, but while we were doing it, I could feel the love you have for me. It wasn't just sex, ya know. Please believe me when I tell you, we made love and I really needed that." Renee said.
There was silence between all three of them for a few seconds before Renee started talking again. "I didn't take his calls for well over a month because he not only scared the shit out of me but he MADE ME do things I didn't want to do. I'm not a whore but he made me act like one."
"Yes, I could have walked away from him at one of the stores where he made me perform like a whore, but I didn't. Although I was mad at him, I also thought I was deeply in love with him. I should have and could have walked away from him when he first started ordering me to expose myself or allow others to use my body. So yes, some of what happened to me is my fault. I'm telling you this to get it off my chest but Taffy, please don't let anyone use your body like my ex-boyfriend did mine."
"I remember that time when you stayed home a lot. You spent most of your time in your room. That was almost two years ago if not longer, wasn't it?" Taffy inquired.
"Yes, that's when it was. But then I was stupid, really, really stupid. One time I took his call and he cried on the phone and told me how much he loved me and wished that I would forgive him. Well, to shorten the story, he got to me and I talked to him on the phone a few more times. Finally I agreed to meet him out in front of this house. In person, he got down on his knees and begged me for another chance. I told him I wasn't a piece of meat and I wasn't going to put up with him treating me like one. He promised he had changed. I told him I'd think about it and let him know."
"For the next couple of weeks, he sent me roses and little notes saying he missed me. Stupid me, I let my guard down. He called me and told me about a party he'd like to take me to but it was about an hour away from here. He told me it would be a fresh start for us. I told him I would think about it on the condition that he wouldn't drink anything except water or soda."
"After we talked some more, I conceded that he could haveONLY one beer. Finally I told him I would go with him and he was overjoyed. We set up a time for him to pick me up and he arrived fifteen minutes early. During the drive to the party we talked more than we ever had in our entire relationship. He even talked about possibly marrying me and that really lowered my guard. I started to think he really did change."
"We got to the party about an hour after it started and he immediately wanted to dance. We danced several dances and then I told him he'd earned a beer for all the good time we had on the dance floor. Both of us had a beer as we sat watching the others mill around chatting with others in small groups and individually."
"My boyfriend looked at me and told me he loved me and I almost melted. I was glad that I gave him the second chance; we were having a great time. We talked to some people inside the house before we walked out on the back deck. I smelled the weed immediately and saw a small group of people standing off to the side. We were standing by the railing holding each other and the next thing I know, someone handed a blunt to me so I took a hit and passed it to my boyfriend. We stayed and talked while the blunt was passed to us three more times. Finally we excused ourselves and walked a short distance over to the steps and down on the lawn. Weed has always made me horny so I started kissing my boyfriend and I felt the lump in the front of his jeans. I kneeled in the cool grass and within seconds I had his cock out and I sucked it like the world would end the next day. He pulled me up before he had a chance to cum and we kissed while he rubbed my pussy through my panties. It wasn't long before I slipped my panties off and he put them in his pocket. I turned around and flipped my skirt up and he didn't need any further prompting to bury his wonderful cock deep into my pussy. We had wonderful orgasms before we finished. I squatted and peed right there on the lawn and my boyfriend handed me a small napkin to wipe myself. After some additional kissing, we went back into the huge house and found a bathroom so both of us could wash up a little.
"We dated a few more times and everything was looking great. I even agreed to wear that pink blouse again but I stipulated that I had to wear a bra under it. I even agreed to wear the short skirts again with the understanding that I could keep my pussy and ass covered all the time. He agreed to both of my stipulations so I wore the blouse, short skirt and the crotchless panties we purchased. We had some dates where we went to the movies and sat in the back. We played around a little but nothing too serious. I let him finger me while I played with his cock. One time he shot his load on the floor and we laughed about it."
"Things were going very well for us when he told me about a party at the house with the hot tub. I told him I didn't want to go there but he assured me we would have fun. When the night arrived I had butterflies in my stomach because I remembered what he had told me about the next time we go to that house for a party. Even though I was apprehensive about going, I got into his car wearing my pink sheer blouse, short skirt and thong panties. I figured if I wore the sheer pink blouse and kept him happy knowing that I was willing to expose my boobs for everyone to see, that he wouldn't want me to strip naked and get in the hot tub like he told me I'd have to do."
"We arrived at the party and we started dancing. He complimented me on wearing the sheer blouse and I was honest with him and told him the only reason I wore it to that party was to satisfy him so he wouldn't force me to strip and get in the hot tub. He laughed and told me I was his girl and he was going to make sure I was well taken care of. Over the next couple of hours he had three beers and I had a glass of wine. The party was moving along smoothly when one of the guys showed up with a few bottles of the hard stuff. My boyfriend loves Jack Daniels and one of his friends poured both of them a double shot. I asked my boyfriend not to drink it but he downed it anyway. One double shot, led to another."
"I dragged my boyfriend out on the dance floor and danced a slow dance with him. It wasn't long before I felt him pull up my skirt in the back and begin to massage my ass cheeks. I tried to pull my skirt down and he told me to leave it alone. I knew right then things really didn't change, when he drank liquor. I told him I was going to leave if he didn't pull my skirt down and he laughed at me. He whispered in my ear, that I was going to do whatever he wanted me to do and I'd better like it or else."
"He informed me that I had been naughty and I was going to have to be punished. He told me not to touch my skirt and he walked me through the crowd with my ass cheeks showing. I tried to pull away but he held tight to my arm. We walked out to the kitchen where the liquor was and he poured us a double shot of Jack Daniels. He handed me one and told me to drink the whole thing at once. I told him I didn't drink that stuff and one of his friends called out he knew I loved to smoke weed. After a quick survey of the room a joint was produced and my boyfriend told me I had to smoke all of it or drink the Jack."
"I fired up the joint and took my first hit deep down and held it. I figured if I was going to be embarrassed that night I was going to be high. I tried to pass it around but my boyfriend wouldn't allow it. My second hit made my world start to spin and my boyfriend told me to take off my blouse. He took the joint from me and without thinking I did just what he told me to do. When I let it slide down my arms he quickly took it and handed the joint back to me and told me to take another hit, which I did. He knew I got horny when I smoked weed, and he prompted me to take a fourth hit immediately after I let out the remnants of the third."
"While I was holding the fourth hit he instructed me to take off my skirt. I protested but he leaned over towards me and whispered in my ear that I'd better not embarrass him in front of all his friends. I looked around the room and even in my buzzed state; I knew everyone was hungry to see me naked. In my head, I knew I was going to be naked very soon."
"My boyfriend held out his hand for the joint. I looked around the room one more time before I handed him the joint. Hesitantly, I slowly pushed my skirt down over my hips and let it fall on the floor. There was nothing sexy about the way I did it. My boyfriend handed the joint back to me, told me to take a hit and step out of my skirt. I did both without any hesitation."
"Even in my semi-clouded mind I knew what was going to happen next, if I stayed, so I decided to leave while I still had my panties on. When I tried to leave I was pushed back into the center of the room. I dropped down to my hands and knees and tried to crawl between everyone's legs but that didn't work either. Many of the guys groped my boobs before I found myself standing in the center of the room again. I tried to reason with my boyfriend but he looked at me and told me to take off my panties or he'd ripe them off me. Once more I looked around the room and tried to enlist the aid of at least one of the other females, but no one came forward. I started to cry and told him I didn't want to show everyone my pussy. He told me I had ten seconds to take them off or else."
"I looked around the room again and asked for help but no one came forward. My boyfriend started moving towards me and I held up my hand and told him I would take them off. I took as much time as I dared, before I pushed my panties down. I even bent over and held onto them as I stepped out of them hoping someone would come to my aid. Finally I straightened up and stood in front of everyone completely naked and crying."
"I told my boyfriend I was totally embarrassed and naked and if that was my punishment, he'd accomplished it. I begged him to take me home and he laughed at me and told me it wasn't time to leave, the party was just beginning. I begged him to give me back my clothes and he continued to laugh at me and told me I wouldn't need them for the rest of the night. I was more scared than ever when I asked him what he had planned for me. He told me he knew how horny I got when I smoked weed so he was going to fuck me. I told him I was ready to leave the party and he could fuck me when we got to his house. That wasn't his plan and he let me know he was going to fuck me in front of all his friends. I dropped down on my hands and knees again and tried to escape through everyone's legs but I was stopped and pushed back into the center where someone helped me stand up again."
Renee's tears rolled down her cheeks and Tommy hugged his sister to his body and said, "Sis, I'm so sorry I wasn't there to protect you. If I get my hands on that asshole, he'll wish he was never born."
Renee cried for a few minutes before she said, "I was crying when some of his friends scooped me up and carried me to the kitchen table and put me down on it. I begged my boyfriend not to fuck me in front of all these people but my pleas fell on deaf ears. I continued my attempt to enlist the aid from the females in the room and not one of them stepped forward nor did they say anything while my body was put on display, for everyone to see. Once on the table four guys stretched my arms out to my sides and the two holding my legs pulled me down the table until my ass was on the edge and then they spread my legs as wide as they would go. I cried even harder knowing everyone at the bottom of the table was able to look into my spread open pussy. I'm positive my pussy was open enough for everyone to see into my hole."
"There were a lot of light flashes so a lot of people took pictures of my naked body. When my boyfriend walked over next to the table, I saw him and asked him why he was doing this to me. He drunkenly drawled that I had embarrassed him in front of his friends and the girls weren't going to help me because I thought I was too good to use the hot tub with them. He told me it was all my fault and he was going to punish me in a way I'd always remember."
"I looked down my body when I saw my boyfriend step between my stretched out legs. I cried even harder and begged him to not to fuck me but he didn't listen. I watched as he stripped off his clothes. He told his friends to pull my legs back towards my body so he could have access to both of my holes."
"He moved forward and to my horror he slammed his cock into my pussy without any pretense of being gentle. His cock was like a jackhammer as he stood there holding my thighs. I guess I should be happy he asked someone to find some oil while he continued to fuck me. When they handed him some vegetable oil he poured a liberal amount on my pussy with his cock still pistoning in and out of me. Without any fanfare he suddenly pulled out of my pussy and jammed his cock into my asshole. I screamed and begged him not to do that but he didn't care and he continued to fuck my asshole. I cried so hard but all he did was tell me to shut up. He told me I was the one who stripped naked willingly, so he could fuck me. He told me I was just a whore who wanted everyone to see my naked body. Finally he shot his load into my ass and I thought I was through, but he had other ideas. When he pulled out of my ass he looked around the room and told all his friends that I was a good fuck. He told everyone they could take me for a test drive and find out."
"I don't know for sure but I think every guy at the party, that night, fucked my pussy or my ass. I cried and screamed for them to stop and told them I didn't want anyone to fuck me. It didn't matter what I yelled, the guys held me firm while one guy after another stepped up to the end of the table and chose one of my holes to ram his cock in. I struggled a lot and tried to get away but after a while I became too weak to fight and I had to just lay there. Even when I was too tied to struggle, the guys still held me open. I guess I should be happy that no one wanted me to suck their cock. Maybe they were afraid I'd bite them."
"By the time the last guy finished with me there was cum running out of both my holes. When the guys let go of my legs, they just hung limply off the end of the table. They had been raised up in the air so long they were numb. When I could finally move I got up on weak legs and tried to locate my clothes but they were nowhere to be found. I asked where my boyfriend was and his friends told me he left right after he fucked me. But before he left, he told everyone to fuck me like the whore I was. The guy who owned the house got pissed at me for all the cum that dripped on his floor."
"Since I couldn't find my clothes, I went in search of something I could use to cover my body. I opened a bedroom door and saw a couple fucking on the bed. I was crying and babbling so the girl stopped the guy from fucking her and got off the bed. She walked over to me and took me into the bathroom. She helped me shower and get cleaned up and then she went to the closet and pulled out a guy's button up the front shirt and gave it to me to put on. I asked her to give me a ride home and she told me she would. I waited for her to get dressed and the two of us left. On the way home, she told me she wanted to help me earlier but her boyfriend wouldn't let her."
"She shocked me when she told me the party was set up by my boyfriend and all the people who were at the other party, where I wouldn't get into the hot tub, were invited. Everyone, but me, knew my boyfriend was going to bring me back there and make me strip naked and get into the hot tub. She told me she didn't know the guys had planned to fuck me but she assured me her boyfriend wasn't one of them. She told me she took her boyfriend into the bedroom where I found them and she promised to rock his world. Finally we arrived out in front of our house and I thanked her for the ride home and for keeping her boyfriend busy. I had a tiny bit of consolation knowing at least one guy, at the party, didn't put his cock in me."
"The next day, my ex-asshole boyfriend called me and warned me not to go to the police. He told it was my fault because I started everything when I stripped naked in front of everyone. He also told me there were plenty of pictures and a video without audio of me smoking the weed and taking off my clothes without help. He told me all of the videos and pictures could be used to prove I wanted to be gangbanged. He told me there were other videos and pictures of me laying on the table and not fighting to get up, while a guy was between my legs fucking me."
"At first, I believed my gangbang really was my fault. As I worked through the details I could remember, I realized the only fault I had was I trusted that fucking asshole and gave him a second chance. I remembered so vividly what the girl who brought me home told me, he and his friends planned to get me naked at the party. The reason none of the girls came to my aid was because their boyfriends had warned them not to interfere. I was set up by that asshole and I didn't know it. I know I can still go to the police but I don't want everyone to see those pictures of me. It's bad enough to know they are out there on people's cell phones. I've been able to move on, and put that shit behind me. I'm sad today for re-counting the story but emotionally I got my satisfaction and I'll explain that in a couple of seconds. Hopefully I'll find Mr. Right someday."
"WOW sis, I had no idea," Tommy said. "If there's any way I can make him pay for what he did to you, you know I'll do it."
"Tommy, Karma has a way of coming back around and biting someone in the ass and it has already done that." Renee said.
"What do you mean sis?" Tommy asked
"I told you he used to drink a lot well one night he was at a party and was driving drunk when he ran off the road and hit a big tree. The firemen had to cut him out of the car and he was airlifted to the trauma center. He's alive, well kind of anyway. He's a quadriplegic so he can't move; he's hooked up to a ventilator and he can't even talk. For whatever life he has left he will be in a hospital or nursing home."
"Do you want to hear what Karma can do to someone?" Renee asked.
"Yeah sure," Taffy replied.
"I learned," Renee said and then paused before she said, "He hit the tree so hard, part of the car, a piece of metal, broke away and was forced between his legs and gouged his cock and balls right off his groin. From what I hear, he only has a catheter pushed into his urethra to drain his urine out of his body."
"Want to hear something else that helped me heal the invisible wounds I have?" Renee asked.
"Go ahead and tell us," Tommy said, "You're smiling for the first time in a while so it has to be good news."
"It is," Renee replied, "I went to the nursing home. I stood outside his room and talked to his nurse and when I told her I was his girlfriend she was very willing to tell me a lot of information. Nothing personal, mind you, but a lot of general stuff. When I walked into his room and stood next to his bed his eyes got wide. As I told you he's on a ventilator so he can't speak. That wasn't a problem for me; I enjoyed doing all the talking. I let him know right away I heard he lost his cock and balls in the accident. I told him it was too bad that he couldn't move his hand over to his crotch, to find out for sure. He watched me as I lifted the sheet and looked. When I looked back at his face I smiled as I told him his cock and balls were definitely missing. I kept smiling as I told him not to worry, I would be happy to provide him with sex. I put my finger under my chin and rolled my eyes and then told him, that someday I could bring my strap-on with me. I told him I could close the door and pull the curtain then fuck up his ass like he had done to me."
"I leaned over him so he could see my face clearly and I told him all the times he fucked me he never once gave me an orgasm. I told him I faked an orgasm each time so he'd finish and go to sleep. I made up a story how much I enjoyed the other guys who fucked me that night. I told him all of them did a much better job than he ever did. I even went as far as to tell him each one of those guys gave me at least a couple orgasms while they fucked me that night."
"I giggled when I told him I smoked some weed on the way to the nursing home so I was horny as hell. To make sure I made my point I pulled the curtain, slipped off my panties then stood up in a chair right next to his bed and lifted my skirt so he could see my pussy. I even rubbed my clit and had an orgasm while he laid there and watched me. I almost fell on the floor when my orgasm shook me but I got down safely without falling."
"Standing next to his bed, I told him I had a present for him since he was a good boy and he hadn't ordered me to do anything. I dipped two fingers into my drenched pussy and made sure they were really coated with my pussy juice before I removed them. I reached out and rubbed my pussy juice coated index finger under his nose. He had his teeth clenched together so I rubbed my other pussy juice coated finger on his lips inside and out. I reminded him that's what my aroused pussy smelled and tasted like. I leaned over him and told him I'd come back and let him see my pussy again. I gave him the finger, opened the curtain and left him lying there, helpless."
"There's an old saying that love is blind and in my case, I had it bad and it wasn't until that last night, I finally realized I needed to get away from him and do it fast, before he killed me. You know, I could have been in the car with him the night he crashed, if he didn't show his true colors that last night. I'm so glad that I could finally tell this story to someone." Renee recanted.
"Renee, I heard what you told us and even with my wildest imagination I can't even comprehend what you went through with him. I am so sorry that you weren't able to summon someone that last night who would come to your aid. All I can say is, you've been real brave to bear that secret burden all by yourself for the past couple of years. Now that you've shared your story with us, I'd consider it an honor if you'd accept me as your confidante." Taffy added.
"I feel comfortable with both of you and after the wonderful love making session we experienced, I feel we have a special bond between us. I don't want anything to happen to our bond." Renee added.
"So what are we going to do about our new found lives? How are we going to share Mr. Loverboy?" Taffy giggled.
"I think the three of us can find places to go so we can be together. I don't have a boyfriend nor do I want one. So are you two are going to be my new besties?" Renee asked firmly.
"Honestly, Taffy had me pegged perfectly, that's why I didn't correct her when she called me perv. I've been trying to see her undressed or naked for a long time. I'm not sure why she was the object of my desire but she blessed me with many panty peeks and a couple of bare buns quick shots which only made me more curious what she looked like naked. Now, today, in a matter of a few hours, I not only see her naked but I get to make love to her and get caught by you, and then ...... you join us. This is going to be a day I'll remember for a long time." Tommy added.
"Oh yeah buster," Taffy said. "There'll be no more jerking off by yourself. Renee and I are willing and able to accommodate your urges. Got it?"
"Gheeeeezzzzzz, I made love to both of you and now you're giving me rules to live by, how bad is that?" Tommy queried
"I agree with what Taffy said!" Renee confirmed. "We'll take care of your needs from now on."
Tommy sat up in the bed and looked at the nude bodies of his sisters, "Let's go take a shower together. I think I'm going to like this new relationship."
As they got off the bed Taffy's phone rang and when she looked at it, she realized it was Connie. She left the phone on the nightstand and decided to call her back later. Taffy wasn't going to miss out on a chance to shower with her brother and sister.
The three of them walked to the bathroom completely naked. Taffy broke the silence by saying, "This is what I wish I could do all the time. For some reason walking outside my bedroom and the bathroom naked like this, I get excited. Actually, my pussy is getting wet just thinking about it. What makes it more exciting is both of you can look at me and see me naked."
"Well .... aren't you a budding exhibitionist?" Renee joked.
"Taffy, Renee, neither one of you have to get dressed on my account. Both of you look perfect and I'll never get tired of looking at either of you."
"Tommy," Taffy said, "You can stay naked too. I love to see your cock and your balls hanging down. I love how your cock swings when you walk. I wish .... I hope this doesn't sound strange or weird but I wish ...."
"I bet you're wishing we had done this a long time ago." Renee interrupted.
"Yes," Taffy coyly smiled, "I have always wondered ...."
Taffy pulled out two disposable douches from under the bathroom sink and handed one to Renee. Tommy sat down on the toilet and watched each sister step into the shower and use her douche. Taffy started laughing when she was used her douche.
Tommy asked, "What's so funny?"
"Tommy, you get to see me naked for the first time, you get to make love to me for the first time, we get caught by Renee making love for the first time, you make love to Renee for the first time and now you are watching me douche your cum out of my pussy which is supposed to be a private thing, for the first time. My question is, how many more firsts are you going to experience today?"
"We could make love in the shower if you want." Tommy said with a huge smile on his face.
"Oh no buddy," Taffy said, "These things cost money and I just cleaned myself so you'll have to wait. There's nothing worse than a smelly pussy. I refuse to allow my pussy to stink. I can give you a blow job in the shower if that will satisfy you. That will be another first."
"Oh yeah and another first," Renee said excitedly, "You can lick our pussy in the shower, in the bedroom, anywhere in the house we dare to go."
"Renee," Taffy asked, "Have you ever thought about being naked in our house?"
"I have been naked in our house. When no one is home and likely not to come home right away, I've sat downstairs naked and watched TV." Renee responded.
"I was just thinking what dad said before," Taffy mused, "He said he noticed when we only wear a tee shirt without wearing panties under it. I'm wondering how you feel about never wearing panties under our tee shirts again. And to make it more interesting, we could wear shorter tee shirts than the ones we use to sleep in."
"Well, if you like this naked thing so much," Tommy injected, "Why bother wearing anything when we are up here and that includes sleeping. When you go down stairs, it would be exciting for me to know you weren't wearing panties under your tee shirt. The only problem I can think of is that I'll have a perpetual hard-on and that will show in my boxers."
"Are you suggesting that all three of us start sleeping naked? What do we tell mom or dad when they poke their head into our room, to wake us up, in the morning?" Renee inquired.
"Your tee shirt rides up your body when you're sleeping so you can use the excuse that you got tired of it bunching up under you." Tommy replied.
"Wait a minute," Taffy interrupted, "Are you saying you've peeked into our bedrooms while we were sleeping? How else would you know our tee shirts creep up our bodies while we sleep?"
"Ok, today I'm being honest and I hope neither of you will hold this against me," Tommy said thoughtfully, "To be specific, any room that has a female sleeping in it, I've checked out during the night. Mom and dad sleep naked so I don't think they would say anything to either of you for sleeping naked."
"You are a little perv aren't you?" Taffy laughed, "So you creep around the house at night and look into our rooms in hopes you'll catch us in a compromising position? I can't believe you spied on mom and dad."
"I can't help it; I've only had a couple of girlfriends and neither one of them let me get past feeling them up .... on the outside of their clothes!" Tommy admitted.
The room fell silent ... until ... Taffy screamed, "OH MY GOD, ARE YOU SAYING WHAT I THINK YOU'RE SAYING?"
Tommy hung his head ... once again, the silence in the room was deafening ... finally he raised his head and stared blankly at Taffy for a few seconds before he said in a hushed tone of voice, "Yes Taffy, you ... you ummmmm ... are the first girl I've ever had my cock in. I've only read about sex in books and magazines, I've never experienced it in real life, that is, until today. I've read about girls being hurt when guys push their cocks into a girl's pussy and I didn't want to hurt you. That's why, when you wanted to get on top, I didn't stop you. I figured if you were a virgin too, I wanted you to be in control of how much of my cock went into your body and how fast you wanted to take it."
At that moment in time, tears flowed freely from three sets of eyes. Both Taffy and Renee pulled Tommy up off the toilet seat where he'd been sitting, and both of them lovingly hugged him. While they had their arms wrapped around his body Taffy said, "Tommy I'm sorry, I didn't know you were a virgin. If I'd only known ..."
"Lil brother, I'm so happy right now, knowing that I've been a part of something special for you. I never thought I'd ever have sex again but when I saw you and Taffy together, you two looked so perfect." Renee said.
She continued, "I want you to know, after what's happened to me, I'm not looking for another boyfriend and it might be a long time before I do. If you want me, I'll promise you now, my body is yours because I know you love me and you won't do anything to hurt me. You can have me anytime you want me and I won't care who's watching us. I need love .... lots of love."
Taffy whispered, "I'm sorry for calling you perv, I didn't know you were still a virgin."
Tommy cleared his throat, "When I went out with a girl, it was awkward. Even though I read a lot about sex, I didn't know what to do when I was with a girl. I did what came natural and felt up her boobs and one girl I worked up the nerve to feel between her legs, even though she had jeans on. I never got nerve enough to try and undress any of them." Tommy reminisced.
Taffy looked into her brother's eyes and said, "Renee just gave you her body to play with any time you want and I'll make that same offer to you. You don't have to perv me anymore; I'll willingly show you my naked body and do anything else, to please you. I don't want my brother to eventually meet Miss. Right and then fuck things up so bad he ruins his chances with her."
"Oh Tommy," Renee sighed, "If I'd only known, I would have helped you. I hope my telling you the story about how my body was used didn't ruin my chances to be included in anything you and Taffy do. I want us to be like the Three Musketeers, "All for one and one for all!""
"Renee, my sweet sister," Tommy said, "I love you more now, than I ever have, if that's possible. You trusted me enough to share your secret and I promise I will never tell anyone. From now on, I want you to know, you can tell me anything."
"That goes double for me," Taffy added, "We are definitely the Three Musketeers."
"How about," Tommy questioned, "We agree to not keep any secrets from each other and we'll always be there to support each other. After all we are the three youngest members of this family."
"Ummm," Taffy hesitated, "No secrets? I've signed a confidentiality statement where I work, when I was promoted to my secretary position. I can't share the confidential stuff with either of you."
"Ok so I amend that to our personal lives instead of no secrets from each other." Tommy quickly added.
"We need to take our shower, before mom and dad get home." Renee stated.
Tommy turned the water back on and adjusted it before all three of them stepped into the tub/shower. The three of them took turns getting wet and then each of them washed their own body. When they were finished they took turns rinsing off. Tommy got out and walked over to the linen closet and pulled out three towels. He handed one to each of his sisters and kept one for himself. When all three of them were dry, Tommy used his towel to wipe up the water on the floor. Both Renee and Taffy tossed their towels over the shower curtain rod so they could re-use the towel again later while Tommy hung his on the side of the tub so the excess water could drip into the tub.
Both girls brushed their hair and Tommy used the comb for his hair. When they were finished, Taffy opened the bathroom door and saw her mother standing in the hall. Immediately Tommy covered his cock but Taffy and Renee stood facing their mother without covering themselves. Taffy, smiled at her mom and said, "Oh you're back from shopping already."
"It's two o'clock in the afternoon," Joy said sternly, "I'm positive you'll have a good excuse for all three of you being in the bathroom together and all of you naked."
Taffy put on her best little girl's face and said, "As a matter of fact, yes there is a good reason for all of us to be in the bathroom together. We, all three of us, just finished taking a shower together. Each of us washed our own body, we dried our own body and we feel comfortable being naked with each other."
"I've been doing some reading about nudism and I think it's a wonderful idea. I'm surprised you and dad don't know about it since there was a huge sexual revolution in the sixties and both of you were born after that time. I'm sure you've heard about Woodstock and all the people who attended that, many of them remained naked or in some state of nakedness throughout the weekend."
"I can go on and on but the one thing that kind of spiked our conversation about nudism is the fact that daddy was so nonchalant when he said that he knew when all of us only wore our tee shirts without panties. Mom, if dad isn't all that concerned, if we wear panties or not, why would he be concerned if we were nude?" Taffy finished saying.
Both Tommy and Renee were all smiles when Taffy finished speaking and it was Tommy who said, "I agree with Taffy."
Joy stood in the hall with her mouth open for a few seconds as she recovered from Taffy's explanation. Finally she said, "Our friends, Lorraine and Bert are down stairs, I hope you weren't planning to go down there like that."
"Actually mom, we had talked about doing just that." Renee stated, "We wanted to be open and honest with you and dad. We were going to be down in the living room watching TV when you arrived home. It didn't cross our minds that your friends would come in. I guess we'll have to fall back to plan B. Taffy and I will go put on our tee shirts and Tommy can put on his boxers. But mom, our plan B didn't include us wearing panties and it did include us wearing shorter tee shirts than the ones we use to sleep in. Is that alright with you? We don't want to embarrass you or dad in front of your friends."
"Oh my word," Joy shook her head, "Tommy, you can let go of your cock now, the only one who hasn't seen it is me and I don't really mind if you are naked or not. I told your father something like this would happen someday. All of you kids are close in age and your father was right when he said all of you are used to running around in the house with little or no clothes on. Actually, I should be shocked that it took so long for you to feel this comfortable with each other."
"I guess I'm going to leave it up to the three of you to decide what you feel comfortable doing. If you still want to come down the way you are, I won't stop you. If you want to use plan B, that will be up to you as well. However, please let me know what you are going to do so I can support you."
"What do you mean you'll support us mom?" Tommy asked.
"If you are going to go down stairs with nothing on, you'll have to give me a second to go to my room and remove my clothes or if you are going to use plan B, I'll have to find a short tee shirt and put it on, so we'll be unified when we go down there." Joy announced.
"What about you Lorraine and Bert?" Taffy asked.
"Lorraine and Bert have been our friends since high school and yes Taffy; we are not strangers to nudity. It's just that when the first two started getting older and they grabbed our body parts that hung down, your father and I started wearing minimal clothes around the house. As years went on, and all of you grew older and had friends over for a few hours or overnight, it was just as easy to wear whatever clothes we wore for work and play."
"All of you are old enough now to make choices on your own so I don't care what you wear or don't wear. From what I see, each of you has done an excellent job maintaining the body your father and I gave you. You should be proud of your nude body and never be afraid to be free of textiles. Now, do I take off my clothes or do I wear only a short tee shirt?" Joy finished saying.
"Mom, if you don't mind," Tommy said in an authoritative voice, "If the girls are going to go down stairs nude, I'd consider it an honor to help you take off your clothes."
Renee moved past Tommy and said, "I'm up for this if you are Taffy."
"Then it's settled, Tommy help mom take off her clothes." Taffy offered.
Tommy slowly and methodically undressed his mother and when she was reduced to just her panties, Tommy got down on his knees in front of her and looked up at his mom saying, "I'm going to uncover the place from which each of us entered this world. This is a moment I never thought would happen but I am so glad it is, I love you mom."
Tommy started to pull down on his mother's plain yellow cotton bikini style panties. Although she had carried and given birth to five children, she had maintained a pretty good body shape. Their mom only had a little paunch which was covered in light pink stretch marks. Tommy paused for a moment when his mom's bald pussy lips appeared before he continued to pull them down. The center of Joy's panties stuck to her pussy for a moment before it popped free. She stepped out of them and Tommy left them lying on the floor. He looked directly at his mom's pussy then reached out with his hand to touch it. Joy saw what he was doing so she intentionally stepped one foot away from the other and gave her son room to explore and touch her between her thighs. Tommy slipped his middle finger inside his mother's pussy and he leaned forward and kissed it. Joy visibly shivered and a low moan escaped her lips as she reached down and placed her hands on the back of her son's head and pull his face forward ever so slightly.
Suddenly they heard, "Joy, are you coming back down here? Your tea is getting cold."
Drawing from her inner strength she responded, "We'll be right down dear, but get ready for a surprise."
Tommy stood up and kissed his mother on her lips for the first time ever and she responded by kissing him back. Tommy put his arm around his mom's shoulders since he stood three inches taller than her. Both mother and son looked at Renee and Taffy and their mother asked, "Are the three of you ready for your nude debut? When we get down the stairs, I want all four of us side by side holding hands. I really think your father is going to like what he sees."
The four of them walked down the stairs and as they walked into the kitchen. All four of them heard an audible female gasp and then, there was silence. Two men and a woman stared wide eyed at the four nude people for a long time before the silence was broken by Joy. "Honey, remember when I told you someday our children would feel comfortable enough with each other that we'd find them nude? Well, today is that day. They felt comfortable enough to take a shower together and their plan was to sit in the living room nude watching TV when we arrived. We got back sooner than they anticipated."
All four of the new arrivals stood side by side and not one of them tried to cover their nude body. The four stared at the other three and it was obvious the three were looking at all the parts of the nude people. Finally Joy said, "Well Dana, I present to you, your son Tommy who has been fortunate enough to have your size in every way, and your daughters Renee and Taffy who have such like bodies, except for their hair color, they could be mistaken for twins."
"After your little speech this morning about how you could tell when we wear or didn't wear panties under our tee shirts, it spurred them to start a conversation about nudism. I'm not going to repeat our whole conversation we had upstairs but the three of them want to be able to walk around our house nude, as they are now. I'm nude because I support their decision."
"All three of you sitting there with your eyes bugged out, know when we were younger, we spent plenty of quality time together and most of it was spent nude. As I see it, all of you can sit there and stare at us or you can join us, either way, we are going to remain nude." Joy finished saying.
Dana was the first to say, "Yes, you predicted someday our children would end up nude, however you were mistaken, they aren't children any more. I'm not disappointed they've chosen to be nude and if they don't mind, I'll lend my support by taking off my clothes as well. Renee, Taffy I don't want you to be offended, but seeing your nude bodies, has given me a hard-on just like your brother has a hard-on."
"Daddy, may we help you take off your clothes like Tommy helped mom take off her clothes upstairs?" Taffy asked.
"Of course you may. Joy I'm so delighted over this most recent development."
Dana stood up and both his daughters quickly walked over to him and immediately started taking off his clothes. When they reduced him to only wearing his boxers with a big lump in the front of them, both girls sunk to their knees and simultaneously reached up and slipped their thin fingers into the waist band of his boxers and pulled down slowly like Tommy had done with his mother's panties. When their father's cock popped free of the elastic waist band, the girls pushed the boxers to the floor.
As their father looked down, both girls reached out and wrapped their thumb and index finger around his cock and took turns first kissing the head of it and then sucking the head of it into their mouth for a few seconds. Their father told them to stop but neither of them listened. He tried to push their heads away from his cock but they didn't budge. After a few minutes the girls stood up and one hugged him from each side. Their father put his arms around them and pulled them close to his now naked body and savored their young titties pressed against his chest.
Tommy finished undressing Lorraine and Joy helped Bert take off his clothes. Now all seven people were completely naked and Lorraine said, "This is just like the old days Joy."
"What did you guys do in the old days?" Tommy inquired.
Lorraine replied, "Tommy it wouldn't be right to kiss and tell. I guess it would be ok to tell you that we spent plenty of time like this. There's a place not far from here where we used to spend many a summer evening, skinny dipping with anyone who showed up. We weren't hippies or anything like that; we just enjoyed the company of our friends."
"Tommy the old days as you call them weren't that many years ago. I want all three of you to understand your parents, Lorraine and me, along with our other close friends are not that old, yet. We are still young enough to enjoy life. We used to do a lot of things together, besides going skinny dipping. Bowling, shooting pool, pitching horse shoes, playing soft ball on a mixed league, to name a few activities."
"The TV you watch today on cable or satellite dish didn't exist when we were younger. We only had a choice between ABC, NBC and CBS and that was it. We didn't have cell phones or computers or the internet so we used to actually go and visit our friends and family, instead of texting them. This area used to be mostly farms with open fields instead of the houses that now line the roadways. Oh, and we used to have drive-in movies where we could go and watch movies and make out with our best girl. Our cars had bench seats both in the front and back. The seats were big enough so we could double date and each couple had room to stretch out if they wanted." Bert said.
"Hey wait a minute there Bert." Joy said, "You guys were on top and it wasn't your head that bumped into the arm rest on the door, right Lorraine?"
Tommy, Renee and Taffy started laughing and Lorraine said, "That's right Joy. There was many a night I went home with a sore spot on top of my head from the banging it took while ole Bert here, was getting some pussy."
"So the three of you want to be nudists now?" Dana asked.
"Yes daddy," Renee replied, "As you can see we came down here with mom, knowing Lorraine and Bert were down here with you. The only thing we are losing is the tee shirt; you made the comment this morning that you could tell when we weren't wearing panties so why wear the tee shirt."
"I suppose you're right honey." Dana replied, "I don't mind if you want to be nude but what about when you have your friends come over? The reason your mom and I started wearing clothes was so we wouldn't embarrass you and your friends. I know we may seem old to you and I say that because our parents seemed old to us, when we were your age. You've already heard, your mother and I used to be nude most of the time.
"Daddy," Taffy said, "I think it should be the responsibility of the family member who's having a guest come over to explain we are living as nudists now. That family member can inform the guest they will most likely see someone nude when visiting and leave it up to the guest to decide if they want to come or not."
"You know, before we get too far, we need to let your older brother and sister know what happened today. Let's have a family meeting tonight after dinner." Joy said.
"That's and excellent idea Joy," Dana said, "We've always discussed our family situations that way before, and there's no reason to change things now. In the meantime, I'll say it's up to the individual to make a choice to stay nude or not. I hope you don't mind but I think it will be fun to be nude and watch the ball game in a little while. Lorraine, Bert you two are invited to stay for dinner if you want to."
Everyone in the kitchen expressed their interest in remaining nude so Taffy, Renee and Tommy excused themselves and went back upstairs. Taffy went to her room to call Connie, while Renee and Tommy went to Tommy's room.
When Connie answered the phone Taffy could hear the disappointment in her voice. That was short lived when Taffy invited Connie over to her house and informed her all she needed to wear was a sundress or something she could take off quickly. Connie blurted out a sting of questions but Taffy put her off and told her to hurry up and get to her house and she'd answer all her questions when she arrived.
******************
It was light outside but the sun had not risen above the horizon when Terri and Joanna woke. They got out of bed and looked at Hanna who was still sound asleep. Terri held her finger up to her lips then pointed towards the bedroom door. In the hall, Terri greeted Joanna in a hushed voice saying, "Good morning sweetheart."
Joanna held out her arms and stepped towards Terri and they embraced while they kissed each other on the cheek to avoid morning breath. Joanna allowed her hands to drop down along Terri's smooth back until she reached her ass cheeks. Terri responded by doing the same to Joanna. They cupped the other's ass cheeks and pulled, resulting in their pubic area being pressed tightly together. Terri responded with, "Uuuummm, I love being held especially first thing in the morning.
"Terri, you are a very special person," Joanna whispered, "You don't have to wait until mornings to get a hug. Anytime you want or feel the need for a hug, you can count on me to give it to you."
"I've got to pee!" Terri said with a giggle. "Let me go or I'll pee on you."
"Oooo Terri, you kinky lil girl, you!"
Joanna released Terri and she hurried towards the bathroom. Joanna followed her and stopped at the sink and picked up her toothbrush and toothpaste. Terri finished on the toilet followed by the bidet and then she stepped into the shower. While washing her body Terri said, "Joanna, I have to meet Leyanni at the cafeteria this morning. I volunteered to help her with some of the arrangements especially the ones pertaining to Dan and Beth. I'm probably going to be with her all day. I wanted to tell you so you wouldn't worry about me."
"Could you do me a favor?" Joanna asked as she sat down on the toilet.
"Sure, anything." Terri replied.
"I know you are going to have your cell phone with you, would you please text me during the day and let me know where you are. That way I can stop in that area and eyeball you once in a while, without disturbing what you're doing." Joanna said as she stepped into the shower with Terri.
"No problem," Terri replied.
Terri stayed in the shower and helped Joanna wash her body. When they finished they stepped out and helped each other dry. Terri picked up her bottle of scented moisturizer and as she squirted some in the palm of her hand, Joanna took the tube from her saying, "I'll help you with that."
Terri didn't argue with Joanna. She allowed Joanna to turn her body so she stood facing her. Joanna's hands tenderly and thoroughly rubbed the moisturizer into Terri's skin. When Joanna finished Terri offered to return the favor but Joanna declined saying, "I'm going to go for a run, I'll have to shower again before I get something to eat. However, don't lose that thought; I'll take a rain check if one's available."
"Most certainly," Terri replied, "When you are ready, I will be too."
Terri finished by brushing her hair and her teeth and last minute personal items before she told Joanna she was headed up to the cafeteria. She let Joanna know she had her cell with her and then disappeared out the door.
After Terri left, Joanna stepped out on the porch with her running shoes in hand. She saw Mary, Shelly, Ted, Marion, Tony and Patty standing on the beach by the lounges, so she left her shoes on the porch and walked the short distance to her friends. When she got close she said, "Good morning."
Everyone turned and greeted Joanna in a hushed voice and then pointed to the reclined lounge chairs. Joanna looked and saw four nude people sleeping on the lounges. With a closer look Joanna discovered that both Tom Banks Sr. and Jr. along with their wives were still fast asleep. Tom Jr. was sleeping on his left side with his right leg over his wife's right leg. Her left leg was parted enough so anyone passing the bottom of the lounge would have a perfect view of her bald pussy. Tom Sr. was in a similar position but he had his left leg over his wife's left leg. She likewise had her legs spread slightly.
After checking out the sleeping people, all eyes turned back to look at the horizon. Mary spoke softly saying, "Look, there's the sun, barely peeking over the water."
The group stood and watched the sun rise until the round circle of fire shone brightly over the Eastern horizon. Ted remarked how beautiful it was to be standing on the island with nothing visible, other than the ocean, between them and the sun. Everyone agreed with him.
After a few more minutes of meditation everyone turned to look at each other in the small group. A quiet discussion started and when Joanna mentioned that she was going to go for a run, "Would you like some company?" Ted asked
"Sure if you think you can keep up." Joanna replied with a wide smile and a wink at Ted.
Ted laughed before saying, "Listen lil girl, I've been running since high school."
"From whom?" Joanna inquired with a chuckle, causing everyone else to laugh as quietly as possible.
"Ok smart ass," Ted replied, "I'll go get my running shoes, I'll be right back."
Joanna smiled and said, "All I have to do is put on my running shoes and I'm ready. I'll meet ya back here in a few minutes."
Mary, Shelly and Tony asked if they could join her and Joanna said, "Hurry up and go get your shoes on."
Within ten minutes everyone was back with their favorite running shoes on. They took a few more minutes to do some stretching exercises and then they were off. Marion and Patty watched as the small group of runners took off at a slow pace. Both women watched the combination of male and female ass cheeks bounce rhythmically with each running step.
As Kim, Beth and I walked towards our cabin we saw Marion and Patty standing by the lounges so we walked down to them and exchanged good morning greetings with them. They immediately hushed us and pointed towards the sleeping Banks family.
Both Marion and Patty looked at our faces and it was Marion who asked, "It doesn't look like any of you got much sleep last night, did you?"
Kim spoke up saying, "It was a long lovely night in paradise and I wouldn't trade it for the world. God, we had so much fun."
Beth reached over and lifted my limp dick before she said, "Have you ever see this thing totally deflated before this morning?"
Both Marion and Patty started laughing. Kim and Beth excused themselves and went up to the cabin to get cleaned up. When they returned fifteen minutes later, Beth was carrying cups, napkins and sugar and Kim was carrying a pot of coffee and the cream. Everyone gathered around the small beach table and waited to pour coffee in a cup. Once everyone had a cup, we moved to the lounges and sat down.
My first cup of coffee went down so smooth and few minutes later, I stood up and poured myself a second cup. I offered to refresh everyone else's cup but they declined saying their cup was still full. So I sat down and enjoyed my second cup and enjoyed the view and the present company.
After a few minutes of talking quietly, we heard some whispering and realized both Tom Sr. and Jr. along with Janet and Faith were awake. We watched them stretch and heard a few moans as the nighttime kinks were worked out. Both couples sat up about the same time and adjusted their lounge so they could remain sitting.
We exchanged good morning greetings before Tom looked at me and said, "Ghezzz Dan, you look like you've been up all night. Actually it looks like all three of you could use a couple extra hours of sleep. I thought we came here to get some rest."
Beth smiled as did Kim, before she said, "We got some alright, but Tom, it didn't have anything to do with resting.
"I don't suppose you'd care to elaborate on what you meant, would you?" Tom queried.
Once again Beth picked up my cock, stroked it a couple of times before saying, "Tom, I can't remember ever seeing this wonderful piece of manhood this flaccid. It received a real good work out last night."
Janet smiled and said, "Speaking of limp dicks, both Toms are soft this morning too. Faith and I worked them over pretty well last night. Come to think of it, I haven't had this much sex in years. Thank you once again for bringing us to this wonderful place."
"Oh yes," Faith said, "I can't thank you and Beth enough for giving our family an opportunity to find real love. Tom and I are going to raise our family in the spirit of the love we just discovered."
"Now that all of you are awake," Beth said, "I'll go up to the cabin and make another pot of coffee."
"Yes, I'd love a cup of coffee but before I drink coffee," Faith replied, "I have to pee."
Faith stood up and stretched again before she joined Beth and the two of them walked towards our cabin. Janet waited a few moments before she jumped up and ran after Beth and Faith. It wasn't long before both Toms excused themselves and then walked to their cabin to take a leak.
Beth, Faith and Janet came back carrying a tray with more coffee, cups, sugar and cream. Both Toms rejoined us as we sat or stood on the white sand of Hawaii and enjoyed our fresh brewed coffee, the smell of the ocean and sound of the surf.
After a short term general conversation, we decided we needed to take a shower before we go to the cafeteria for breakfast. Everyone agreed to meet back at our cabin and we would walk to the cafeteria together.
Jake and Kathy followed Beth, Kim and me to our cabin. We managed to get everyone through the shower without any real sexual activity. I didn't count the touchy feely stuff which happened during washing each other's body. Jake managed to get Kim to wash his body and I stayed in the shower long enough to wash both Beth and Kathy.
It wasn't long before the first people came back to our cabin. Fresh from the showers and our individual morning hygiene rituals, we greeted everyone out in front with renewed vigor.
Tom and his family were verbally poking fun at each other and it was great to see a side of Tom I'd never seen before. Everyone was so jovial.
After everyone arrived, even those who had taken a run and those who had not been out on the beach this morning, our large group started walking towards the cafeteria. Jake was apparently feeling frisky. While we walked, Jake ran ahead of Kathy and squeezed between Beth and Kim. He wrapped his arms around both of them and looked back over his shoulder towards Kathy saying, "Honey, look what I found."
"Jake be careful," Kathy replied, "I don't want you to hurt yourself. Remember we had to put that old bull down after he tried to jump that heifer last year."
When the laughter quieted down Jake replied, "But honey, remember that old bull slipped in the ice when he tried to jump that heifer. I don't think there's any threat of us getting an ice storm here."
I slowed down and wrapped my arm around Kathy before saying, "Don't worry, soon to be mother-in-law, you have a young buck beside you and I can take care of your needs if the old bull falls short. No pun intended, mind you."
"Kathy laughed and pulled my body tighter to hers as she said, "Dan Morrison! Today is my daughter's wedding day, look at her, she's so radiant and beautiful! It's one of the biggest days in a girl's life and here you are trying to proposition her mother, how dare you cheat on my daughter?"
"I guess you've been stuck out there in the country too long my dear Kathy with a (K)." I said with a smirk on my face, "Don't you know it ain't cheatin' if Beth participates?"
"OH, and just in case you haven't heard," I said as I returned the hug, "I'm marrying your daughter because I love her. The fact that she could be a model makes no difference to me."
"You're a smooth one, Dan Morrison." Kathy said.
Our joking and kidding continued right up until we reached the doors of the cafeteria. When we arrived, Jake opened the door and held it open for most of us to pass through before Ted took over holding the door open. The younger people went through the serving line and then found some empty seats near some people already eating their meal. They asked if the empty seats were reserved. When they found out the seats were open, they sat down and introduced themselves around the tables in the area.
I stopped and looked around the cafeteria and noticed there was a much larger group of people eating together, than we'd seen previously. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Marsh, on the other side of the room, using hand signals, trying to get my attention. I pointed toward Beth and Kim but Marsh shook his head no. I leaned towards Kim and Beth and whispered Marsh wanted to see me. I excused myself and told everyone to go get something to eat and I'd join them shortly.
When I got close to Marsh a Mexican looking fellow also walked over and joined Marsh. I extended my hand and shook hands with Marsh and then he introduced me to the Mexican fellow, named Carlos. While we shook hands Marsh asked both of us to follow him.
We walked into the back office of the cafeteria and Marsh explained to me, he had his mechanic fly down to Mexico and pick up Carlos and bring him to the resort. He told me Carlos had arrived, only a short time ago. I laughed and asked, "So that was Carlos in that small plane which buzzed the beach while we were on the boat?"
Marsh laughed and replied, "My chief mechanic likes to hot dog when he thinks he can get away with it. Yes, that was him coming in just over the surf; he wanted to let me know he was here."
"He's not the only hot dog who's showed off and buzzed the beach. I remember last night ...."
"But Dan, I wanted Beth to know her parents were here." Marsh said when he interrupted me.
"Flying upside down is NOT a sure-fired way to let a girl know her parents are safe." I countered with a smile on my face.
Marsh laughed as he said, "Someday I'll take you and Beth for a ride in the Gulfstream. I'm sure you'll love the adventure."
But I didn't bring you back here to talk planes. As you know Carlos made my original wedding rings and I've made arrangements with him to make my wedding rings for today. What Carlos doesn't know is I want him to make me a third ring so I can have Trish stand up and marry me too. Dan, by the end of today, you aren't going to be the only one with two wives."
"Now, the reason I had you come back here is because I've already been in contact with Carlos and asked him to bring some additional ring blanks with him, in case you wanted to have some custom rings made for you and Beth. I didn't know you had the chaplain take you to the jewelry store yesterday and it doesn't matter. If you want Carlos to make rings for you, all you have to pick out what you want and he can make them, before this afternoon. Follow us and he'll show you what he has." Marsh said.
"I love the idea of custom made rings," I said as I followed Marsh and Carlos. "Carlos, if it's possible, I would love to have you make us rings. I never thought of it until you mentioned Trish, but I'd love to have a third ring made for Kim which would show the unity between the three of us. I love your idea of having Trish included in the ceremony and I think I'll include Kim also."
Marsh went through the procedure to open the vault and when it was open, all three of us stepped inside. Carlos walked over to his safe and opened it before he asked me to step forward and look at what he brought with him. Carlos said, "I have settings in white and yellow gold as well as some platinum and I can put almost any of the stones in a setting for you."
I was amazed as I marveled at the selection Carlos had. I really wanted him to make rings for me but I wanted Kim and Beth to pick out a setting they liked. Unlike Marsh, I preferred to have the engagement ring separate from the wedding band only because that's what I was used to. I asked Carlos if he could have the rings ready before the ceremony this afternoon and he assured me he could.
He said, "All you have to do is choose the settings and the stones you want."
Carlo laughed as he pointed towards the end of the vault and said, "Marsh said if you don't have enough cash in your pocket you can just borrow some money out of his stash. Right Marsh?"
I looked in the direction Carlos was pointing and suddenly I recognized what he was pointing at. Stacked on the far wall was a lot of paper money. I said something like, "HOLY SHIT MARSH, what are you doing with all that money in your vault? It looks like you have millions of dollars stacked up there."
Marsh gave us a short explanation how and why the money was in the vault and when he finished, his point was very clear. I told him I dealt with big numbers with my company but they'd never let me take that much cash out and stash it away in a private vault. However, I told him his reasoning sounding like an excellent idea.
Carlos told me he wanted to eat some breakfast and then I could bring Kim and Beth back to the vault and they could pick out their rings along with the diamonds or other stones they wanted. I asked Carlos if he had any bracelets or necklaces and he opened another drawer and then opened a black velvet cloth, there laid the most spectacular necklaces I've ever seen. Carlos opened another black velvet cloth and this time I wasn't surprised to see very beautiful bracelets. Carlos told me, everything I was looking at was handcrafted by him. I told Carlos I definitely wanted to bring Beth and Kim to see the jewelry when we finished eating.
Carlos added, "If you want me to use any of the stones in your current rings, I can do that as well."
As Marsh was closing the vault, I told Carlos I only had my credit cards with me. I told him I didn't have any checks and no real big amount of cash so I asked him how he wanted to handle my payment for the rings.
Carlos looked at me and said, "Dan, I know you are here because my brother Marsh likes you and trusts you. If my brother trusts you, I will also. We can make arrangements for you to send me a check or give it to Marsh, when you get home."
As the three of us walked back out into the dining room we noticed some people were still going through the serving line choosing their breakfast. I went over to the serving line and selected what I considered a very good breakfast before I joined Kim, Beth and her parents. I took my place between the two loves of my life. Both of them looked at me and as if they rehearsed their question they both asked at the same time, "What did Marsh want?"
They giggled at each other because they both said the same thing at the same time. I waited to see if my stereo sounding, soon to be wives, had any more questions for me. When they said nothing, I replied, "It's not what Marsh wanted but what he had to offer me, well maybe not what Marsh had to offer but what Carlos had to offer me."
"Who's Carlos?" Kim and Beth inquired in stereo again.
*******************
When Marsh returned to the cafeteria area, he saw Mike stand up from the table where Becca and Trish were seated, wave his hand then turn and walk over to the orange juice machine where he and refilled his glass. When he finished filling his glass he turned around and saw Katie walking up to him with a huge smile on her face. She said, "I saw you when I first came in, but you were sitting with Becca and Trish and I didn't want to interrupt you, in case you were discussing business. Are you busy now? Would you like to come and sit with us, over there? We are talking to a few other people like you and I told my friends you were a very cool guy."
Mike smiled at Katie and said, "Sure I would Katie, please lead the way."
Katie was surprised that Mike remembered her name, especially with all the other people he must meet. She led the way back to the table and Mike pulled an empty chair over and sat down with everyone. Katie introduced Mike to everyone and included Mike in their conversation as if he was an old friend. All of the Turner employees answered everyone's questions in general terms, instead of giving specifics. For the most part, the young adults were fascinated by some of the stories they heard.
*******************
I looked around the table before I said, "Carlos is a jeweler and he made Marsh and Becky's wedding rings and the ring Marsh gave to his daughter Elsie. Marsh had him make a ring for Becca. He brought some very beautiful stones and settings with him. My dear lovely ladies, Carlos can make custom rings for us if we want him to. When we finish breakfast, we can go into the back with Carlos and he can show you what he has. I'm sure you'll be impressed and I'd really love to have some custom rings made for all three of us to wear."
"Oh Dan," Beth exclaimed, "What about the rings we bought yesterday at the jewelry store? We'll have to take them back before we leave."
"No sweetheart," Kim replied, "I have a set of rings Dan gave me when we were married and we'll keep our individual rings and have our custom rings made for the three of us."
"OMG .... That would be so wonderful!" Beth screamed, "This afternoon our three hearts will be joined as one and three identical rings would show the world our commitment."
"What a wonderful idea," Kim added, "I'd love to have identical rings to show our unity."
I looked at both Kim and Beth before I said, "Then three identical rings we shall have. Beth my dear, since we are going to have identical rings, could we include Kim in our vows this afternoon? Both of us can marry Kim and seal our love before God and our friends.
"Dan," Beth cooed as she hugged me, "I love you so much."
"I love you too Mr. Morrison." Kim hugged me from the other side.
From across the table Jake and Kathy stared at us while we hugged. It was Kathy who finally broke the silence at the same time a tear escaped from her right eye as she said, "This is truly going to be a special day for all of us. I never would have imagined all of this."
"Yes Kathy, I concur!"
"Never in my wildest dreams, did I think I would fall in love with the two most beautiful women in the world. These two beauties are going to be my wives this afternoon."
"Hey, it looks like Carlos is finished eating, if you two ladies will join me, we'll go see what we can have him make for us. Jake, Kathy, please excuse us." I said.
The three of us stood up and walked over to Carlos. I introduced him to both Kim and Beth and told him we wanted to have three rings to signify our commitment to each other. Carlos asked us to follow him, which we did. After Carlos opened the vault he opened his personal locked cases and showed us what he had and told us what he could do.
Both Kim and Beth's eyes went wide as with any female who looked at the beautiful treasures would do. The room was filled with plenty of ohhhhs and awwwws as they stared at all the jewels in different shapes and sizes on the trays. When they looked at the different settings and it didn't take them long to choose three matching rings. When Beth questioned Carlos why he had several settings with three matching rings, two being female and one being for a male, Carlos smiled and quietly said, "Marsh asked me to bring them. I make all my own jewelry. I can do anything you want."
Carlos sized our fingers and then asked us what we wanted for diamonds or other gems. All three of us were in a strange situation since none of us had ever looked at unfinished jewelry before. From the bits and pieces we described to Carlos, he took a few minutes and laid out some suggestions for us to choose from or make other suggestions. It was a first time for all of us to actually build a piece of jewelry. After a short while we made a final decision on the jewels and the settings. Our rings were truly going to be very personal to us.
I asked Carlos to show Kim and Beth the bracelets he had. Once he un-wrapped the black velvet I explained that I'd like Kim and Beth to choose four bracelets, one for Kathy, Jenna, Terri and Hanna. The two of them conferred for a few minutes as they picked up the various bracelets and laid them over their wrist. Finally both of them came to a decision which bracelets to buy. Carlos told us he had to get to work. He told us not to worry about the rings, he would be in the garden way before the ceremony and he would have them with him. We thanked Carlos and told him we would see him later. All three of us shook his hand and the girls giggled all the way back into the cafeteria.
I said, "Remember, don't tell Kathy, Jenna, Terri or Hanna about the bracelets."
Beth looked at Kim and me before she said, "Dan, I think we should go back to the cabin and the three of us get a couple hours of sleep. It's going to be a very long day if we don't. I don't want to look like shit in our wedding pictures."
I smiled and hugged both Kim and Beth to me and said, "I love both of you and I agree. We have time to get two hours but Beth you should call Leyanni and let her know what we are going to do. That way she can send someone down to the cabin if they need both of you early to get your hair done."
Beth lifted her cell phone and found Leyanni's number. She talked to her for a few minutes and when she finished she pushed the red button and disconnected the call. Beth smiled and said, "Leyanni told me, no problem, she'll have hair stylists ready to do our hair when we wake up. She said if she needs us, she'll send someone to the cabin to get us."
The three of us walked back to the cabin where we found Jake and Kathy. We told them we were going to get a couple of hours sleep and Kathy said she'd wake us in two hours if we wanted. We accepted her offer and then went into the bedroom to sleep.
*******************
The young people from the Morrison group stayed in the cafeteria even after they finished their breakfast. They found out the two young Hawaiian girls were sisters named, Lolana and Kailani. Kailani told everyone she was the older sister and they were permanent residents of the resort because their mother worked for Leyanni. Everyone took turns telling a little about themselves. Soon all the young people were laughing and having a great time together. Andy had walked in with Katie and when they sat down at the table he ended up being seated between Katie and Kailani.
Katie participated in the conversation with everyone but Andy seemed to be distracted by the beautiful young lady on his right and only added something now and then. Out of the corner of his eye along with any excuse he could muster to look to his right, he noticed Kailani's delicious small breasts and her rippled abdomen. Another thing that didn't go unnoticed was her long black hair was fashioned in a ponytail and the end of it rested on the seat of the chair.
Andy engaged Kailani in a private conversation and they seemed to get along just fine. Andy asked her about her life in paradise and she told Andy about her studies and her exercise program which was very stringent. She told Andy her and her sister Lolana trained with some of the Turner people who were stationed at the resort. Andy immediately complimented her on her abdomen and she thanked him. She told Andy every morning before breakfast, both her and her sister go to the gym and participate in a rigorous exercise workout, followed by an additional half hour of Karate training.
Kailani asked Andy about himself and he was able to paint a very clear picture of his town, home, school and his family. By the time he finished Kailani smiled and hugged Andy. Andy asked Kailani if she and Lolana would like to hang out with the group. Kailani told Andy she'd have to talk to her mother but she didn't see a problem, since the whole resort is secure.
Andy asked if he could go with her and maybe she could show him around a little before he had to be back for the wedding. Kailani, Lolana and Andy excused themselves from the table and the three of them stopped by the table where Amy and Ken were seated and Andy asked his parents if it was ok for him to go with the girls. Amy told him he had to be back at the cabin before noon so they could get ready for the weddings. Andy agreed and off the three of them went to go see the girl's mother.
*******************
Leyanni was involved in a conversation at a table when one of her staff whispered something in her ear. She nodded a few times and then reached over and tapped Terri on the shoulder as she stood up. Terri stood up also and the two of them walked out the back doors of the cafeteria. They headed for the helipad and welcomed the new arrivals. There were plenty of questions and some were answered while others were put on hold until later. Leyanni was quick to let everyone know they should go into the cafeteria and get something to eat.
When Colleen, Brianne, Rachael, Jen, Jean and Josh Smith walked into the cafeteria through the back doors, Patty and Tony were in the serving line getting something more to eat. Patty saw the new arrivals and suddenly she recognized her mother and sister. With a loud shriek Patty turned and ran to them and pulled both into a hug. She asked, "When did you arrive? I didn't know you were coming. Where's dad?"
Colleen smiled and said, "It seems Terry decided she wanted your sister Brianne and her friend Jen to watch some kids during some party this afternoon. To make a long story short, Rachael picked us up at home last night and we got on a private plane with Holly and her two kids. Holly is going to DJ at the party."
"Ok, I know strange things have been happening to us lately but where's dad?" Patty asked.
"Oh yeah, about your father," Colleen said with a giggle, "When Rachael called me last night, I told your father Brianne and I were going to spend the weekend with Rachael and Jen. He told me that was ok with him and he even gave me a couple hundred dollars for extra spending money. I think he was looking forward to no females at house along with a golfing weekend with his buddies."
"Wow mom," Patty added, "That's way too cool, you and Brianne get to vacation in Hawaii while dad stays home by himself. Come on mom; we need to get you and Brianne something to eat. You'll love the menu here, they have everything."
Everyone moved over to the serving line where Patty picked up the tray she had. After Tony, Patty, Colleen, Brianne, Rachael and Jen selected something to eat; they walked over where Beth and Barbie were sitting and pushed an empty table over so they could all sit together.
There was plenty of lively conversation during their meal. Even after they finished eating, they continued to sit and talk. Although they saw each other regularly, it was a totally new and exciting experience to be sitting down to breakfast in a tropical paradise, especially when almost everyone was nude. Colleen's eyes were busy checking out all of the eye candy. There were a few times when Patty asked her mom a question and had to wait for an answer.
Patty laughed and said off the cuff, "We can get one of those for you mom, just say the word."
Everyone giggled when Colleen replied, "Yes dear, whatever you want."
Rachael was doing her fair share of looking as the discussion about eye candy was going on with her friend's family. Jen was also noticing the different sized cocks and she constantly poked her friend Brianne with her elbow, so she didn't miss the sights either.
"Mom," Brianne added, "If you want one of them, you pick him out and I'll go get him for you. You know, what happens in Hawaii, stays in Hawaii. Choose one mom."
"Oh I couldn't do that, I'm a married woman." Colleen clearly stated.
"Mom," Patty continued, "This is only a small sample of the hunks that are here at the resort. If you want to wait until you see some of the others, we'll understand. Oh mom, we won't say a word to dad if you want to indulge yourself in some pleasure, this weekend. Lord knows you work hard and I'm sure you aren't getting nearly enough since dad is either golfing or watching sports on TV."
"Well I ..." Colleen started to say.
"Let loose and try something new, make believe you're shopping and choose one." Tony added, "You're among friends and relatives and if you want to experiment, it already sounds like you have all the support from those who are here and love you."
"Oh, there's no way one of those guys would be interested in an old lady." Colleen said, "Look around, my daughters are sitting here and one is even married. I'd be setting a bad example."
"To be brutally honest with you mom," Tony said, "All of us know you aren't getting nearly as much physical loving, as a woman should have. I agree with Brianne, what happens in Hawaii, stays in Hawaii. We encourage you to hook up with one of these guys who you find interesting and enjoy yourself. You deserve to relax a little. All of us will support any decision you make. I hope you choose to enjoy yourself."
"I agree with everyone else mom," Brianne said, "I think you should find one or more of those guys and spend some quality time with him. Mom, please don't hesitate to open your legs and let a hot cock massage you internally."
"Brianne Jamison!" Colleen exclaimed in a forced hushed voice, "Are you saying I should let one of these strangers have sex with me?"
"Yes mom," Brianne said with a huge smile on her face. "We want you to be happy and there's no better place to be happy, than right here. I promise I won't tell daddy if you want to have sex with one of those manly specimens of excellence. Even I'm enjoying the view of so many different sized cocks swinging back and forth. Look at that one over there, he's circumcised, look at the head of his cock, it's so big."
"Brianne Jamison!" Colleen exclaimed again, in a hushed voice, "Don't you dare get any idea about opening your legs to one of these cocks. You are here to watch the kids, so don't get sidetracked."
"Mom, since Brianne can't have that nice cock over there, can I have him?" Jen asked with a giggle in her voice.
"Jen, you have to watch the kids with Brianne so you'll be too busy to worry about cocks. You just make sure those kids stay safe." Rachael replied.
"How the hell did we get to the point where Brianne and Jen are checking out the cocks in the room?" Colleen asked.
"Mom, this isn't like the party we had at the Morrison's estate. As you can see, there are many more naked men and women here. Both of these girls are old enough to know about sexual enjoyment, I'm just not sure how much experience they've had yet. But I'm sure they can window shop and still do the job they were brought here to do. I remember when I was their age, and I can safely say, I wish I had the opportunity they're having right now." Patty said.
"And while I'm talking," Patty continued, "I agree with Tony and Brianne. You're my mom and a married woman but I also know you're not exactly sexually stimulated by your husband any more. So if you find a man here who is interested in your wonderful charms, please don't hesitate one second to take him up on his offer. I love you mom and this is one time you can and should take the opportunity to please yourself, for once."
"Colleen my dear," Rachael interrupted, "Listen honey, we are women and we have something between our legs all men crave, that is, unless they're gay. As I look around the room, I see plenty of eye candy. If Leyanni was telling us the truth, and I have no reason to doubt she was, there's plenty more here at the resort. I remember an old saying that goes something like this; when boys are born, they come out of our vagina, and they spend the rest of their life trying to get back to the place they were born."
When the women at the table finished laughing, Rachael continued by saying, "All I'm saying is, if you find someone who's interesting enough, give him a chance .... you know ... be a friendly host and invite him in. You may enjoy the visit. Colleen, we aren't anywhere near home, and no one is going to tell anyone at home. I agree, what happens in Hawaii, should stay in Hawaii."
When Rachael finished speaking everyone looked at Colleen. After being stared at for a few seconds, Colleen looked at her daughters before she asked, in a quiet voice, "Are both of you sure you won't mind it if your mother does something with one of these young men? I mean like .... you know .... maybe even have sex with one?"
Brianne leaned towards her mom and in a low quiet voice, she said, "I'm your youngest daughter and although I've never had the pleasure of riding a stiff cock yet, I've seen pictures and I've watched it happen. It looks like fun. Mom, I think you should find a nice big stiff cock and enjoy yourself. I promise, I'll never tell dad."
Patty, Barbie and Beth all tried to speak up at the same time but it was Patty who continued to talk after the other two stopped talking. "Brianne's right mom, you are in paradise now, maybe the only chance you'll ever have to enjoy yourself. Please treat yourself to all the amenities available to us. Looking around the room, I can see a few guys that I wouldn't mind taking for a ride and I may just do that before we leave here. I can say that in front of my husband because neither of us is jealous."
Barbie giggled, "How about you go with Beth and me? We'll find a few hot guys; I've heard some guys love to experience a mother/daughter sex session. We'll be your daughters and the three of us will really blow their minds."
"Ok ... ok," Colleen finally said, "If I find someone who I think is hot, I'll do everything in my power to entice him into bed."
"Mom!" Brianne exclaimed, "Ya know mom, you don't have to take him to bed anymore. You can enjoy sex almost any place and it doesn't matter who's watching, you might teach someone a new technique."
A worried look invaded Colleen's face before she inquired, "What happened to my innocent baby girl?"
"I'm still your innocent baby girl mom," Brianne said, "Our sex education class in school teaches us about sex, but without any practical application or practice. We learn just enough to make us horny to the point we have to take care of our own needs. I'm sure you know what I mean. Mom, I'm still a virgin as far as I've never had a cock inside my pussy yet, but I don't have my hymen anymore. I took care of that myself."
Rachael looked at her daughter and asked, "What about you honey, did you take care of your hymen too?"
"Yes mom," Jen said, "I hope you aren't upset with me. I really didn't want some boy to force his cock into me and cause me pain. Brianne and I read as much as we could about our bodies and sexual acts. After reading a lot of stuff, we determined the only thing our hymen is good for was to serve as proof to some boy; he owned the first dick to enter our pussy. We didn't feel we had anything to prove to some guy, so we broke our own."
Jen stood up, faced her mother and sidestepped one foot away from the other, giving her mother an unobstructed view of her young pussy before she continued, "I'm still theoretically a virgin. Mom, look at my bald pussy, you can't tell just by looking that I'm not a virgin. I'm positive that when I do have a cock slide into me for the first time, I'll be just as tight as a virgin."
Rachael stood up and hugged Jen to her naked body as she said, "Sweetheart, I love you and I trust you to make the right decisions. When I was your age, I never thought of breaking my own hymen and my first time with a guy, was painful. I'm glad you won't have to go through that."
Colleen turned to Brianne with tear filled eyes after watching her friend Rachael and Jen hug, she said, "I should have realized you and Jen aren't babies anymore. It's hard for a mother to realize her baby is almost at that age when she'll be leaving the nest. I've heard what you said and I want you to know I trust you to make the right decisions. I will always be there for you to ask me questions or just talk. I want you to know, I'll support you when you feel it's time for you to have sex for the first time. When we get home we'll make an appointment with the doctor and have him put you on the pill so you'll have an added layer of safety."
Brianne leaned forward and hugged her mother and said is a soft reassuring voice, "Don't worry mom, I don't think I'm going to let a real cock slide into me right away. I want someone who is worthy of my virginity, not just some guy who wants to add me to his list. But instead of the pill, can I have the Depo-Provera birth control shot?"
"I love you baby," Colleen whispered, "Ok honey, we'll get you the shot because I trust your judgment."
Jen turned to her mom asking, "Mom, would you be ok with me getting the birth control shot too, just in case. I promise I won't do anything until I'm ready. I'd like that extra bit of safety too."
"Yes dear," Rachael replied, "When we get home we'll get you an appointment too and have you put on the birth control shot, if that's what you want."
"I do mom," Jen said, "Don't worry; I'm not going to hop into bed with some guy and have sex with him just because I had the shot. I want someone whom I care deeply about, to be my first."
Brianne and Jen and their mom's stood up at the same time and each girl embraced and hugged their mom. Both girls thanked their mom for being so understanding.
While Rachael, Jen, Brianne and Colleen were still standing, Patty spoke up, "If all of you are finished eating, let's go outside. There's plenty to see out there. This place is so beautiful."
"And by the way Mom, we met one of Marsh's new doctors, on the plane, coming over here. She seemed really nice, and she's a gynecologist. If you need one I think she'd be a good choice."
"We have to check with Terri." Brianne said "We have to find out what she wants us to do and when."
"Ok, go ahead and check and we'll wait here for you." Colleen said.
Jen and Brianne made their way across the room to where Terri and Leyanni were sitting. Terri greeted both girls with a hug and introduced them to Leyanni. Leyanni talked with both girls for a few minutes before she excused herself to continue working.
After some pleasant miscellaneous chit-chat Terri got right to the point by saying, "Jen, Brianne I know both of you are capable of watching the kids but I'm going to give you a couple of resident female assistants. They know where everything is at the resort and they can help you too. Don't worry; I'm not going to go find a grandmother type person. I'll find a couple of fun young ladies to help you out. Today is going to be a long day and I want to make sure you two have some fun and be able to participate in some of the activities later today, plus take care of the kids."
"You will have some kids who will only be with you for a while today but Jean and Josh are going to be with you all day and night, because I don't know what time Holly will finish playing." Terri said, "When you get ready to leave the cafeteria, let me know and I'll go over and break them away from the table so they can go with you. They'll be with you for the rest of the day. I'll make sure there are proper sleeping arrangements made for all of you because they will fall asleep long before the end of the luau."
Terri continued with, "You'll have to get Jean and Josh showered and dressed as well as yourselves. And when you've finished showering, you'll have to go over to the rec hall and get your hair styled for the wedding. That's where your assistants will come in handy."
"Do you know where you're going to be so I can have your assistants catch up with you?" Terri asked.
Brianne turned around and signaled for Patty to come over where they were. When she arrived Brianne asked, "Where are you going to take us. Terri needs to know so our assistants can find us."
"We were going to take a walk around this end of the resort and then go back to the coconut grove and hang out. Maybe swim in the ocean or lay in the sun. We want to rest up before this afternoon's events." Patty responded.
"Ok, no problem then," Terri said, "I'll send them down to the coconut grove in a little while."
As a final note, Terri reminded both girls they were going to wear only a Te preu and sandals for the wedding and they could pick them up later at the cafeteria.
She asked the girls if they had any questions and both Jen and Brianne agreed that Terri had covered everything they needed to know. Both girls turned and walked back to the tables where their family was seated.
*******************
When the front doors opened again some people pushing carts loaded with boxes came into the cafeteria. Everyone watched as Leyanni stood up and walked over to greet them and talk to them briefly before she pointed to a few covered tables at the end of the room. The people made a few trips and the last few trips they pushed in the clothes racks with the Te preu hanging on them.
Leyanni called for everyone's attention and when everyone quieted down, she told all of us our sandals and Te preu had arrived and to spread the word around so everyone can pick them up and take them back to the cabin. She also reminded the girls to make sure they washed their hair before they go up to the rec hall to have their hair styled for the wedding.
Holly and her two children finished their breakfast and yet they continued to sit at the table. Jean and Josh along with all the other children, at the table, were very interested in the stories from Rick and Jimmy.
Holly moved over next to Terri and Leyanni and asked them what they wanted her to do during the reception. They talked for about ten minutes before Leyanni said, "I'll make arrangements for you to have a personal assistant for today. I'll have him help you move your equipment and assist you setting up and breaking down at the end of the reception. I'm sure you'll find him very helpful. Maybe in more than one way, if you're interested."
Leyanni continued, "I know this is going to sound strange but I want to assure you, you won't have to worry about Jean and Josh. I'll have two of my female staff stay with Jen and Brianne to assist them while they get the children showered and dressed before the weddings. Your son and daughter will be well cared for and they will have plenty of fun today. It's important to me that you enjoy yourself, while you're at my resort."
"As much as I'd love to be free this afternoon," Holly whispered, "I couldn't possibly impose on you like that. I'm overwhelmed we're even here but I wouldn't feel right to become a sex crazed woman and take advantage of one of those hunks you have walking around here completely ..... aawwww .... oh my God ..... that one, over there, looks sooooo delicious, I could ....."
Leyanni turned her head and looked in the direction where Holly was looking and she saw two operatives standing by a table talking to Tom and Janet. Leyanni asked, "Which one are you referring to?"
"Oh never mind," Holly blushed as she stared, "It's all in my head. He wouldn't even look at an old lady like me. Ohhhhhh ..... look at that body .... oh my God .... he looks so good. Leyanni, how do you do it? How can you sit here and not be turned on by the beef some of those guys are packing?"
"Personally, I think both of them fit your description," Leyanni remarked. "But if you want one of them to help you, you have to tell me which one you like best. Oh and I'm just as turned on as you are. I'll get some relief when all this is over."
"Leyanni, really I can't impose on you like that." Holly said with some disappointment in her voice. "I'm a mother of two children not a damn eighteen year old hottie. They wouldn't even give an old lady like me, a second look."
Without saying another word, Leyanni stood up and walked across the dining room. When she was standing between the two guys she said, "Pardon me for interrupting but when you guys finish talking to Tom and Janet, please stop over by my table before you leave."
Both of them smiled and acknowledged Leyanni's request before they turned back to answer Tom's last question.
Leyanni made a couple more stops in the room before she returned to her original seat beside Terri. Holly placed her elbows on the table and leaned forward before she asked, "Leyanni, what did you do?"
"I didn't do anything, but I will suggest to you if you want one of them to help you, pick him now before both of them come over here." Leyanni said with huge smile on her face.
Terri giggled and said, "Don't worry Holly, I'll check in on the kids from time to time to make sure they are enjoying their vacation. Have fun and enjoy your freedom."
"Oh GOD," Holly exclaimed in a hoarse voice, "Here they come."
The two young men walked over and stood next to Leyanni and waited for her to acknowledge them. Leyanni intentionally looked at herto dolist and ignored them so Holly could get an extended view of their naked bodies. Holly smiled at both of them and then let her eyes travel down over each one's muscular pecks and ripped abs before her eyes landed on their bald pubic areas, rather well-endowed flaccid manhood and hanging scrotums.
When Holly looked up she instantly gasped and covered her mouth when she realized she'd been caught staring at both bodies.
With a weak smile Holly exhaled saying, "Ohhhhhhh, they don't look like that at home."
"I know you're right Holly." Terri added. "You guys busy today? I think Holly might need some help."
Both guys laughed only to be interrupted by Holly when she authoritatively said, "Hey, I don't want to put anyone out. If you have other things to do, I can manage."
Leyanni looked up at both guys and inquired what they had planned for the day. Both guys said they had a week off to relax so they weren't doing much at all. Leyanni made the introductions between the two men and Holly. Leyanni told them that Holly was the DJ who was going to be playing music at the reception. Then, in a matter of fact voice, she asked if the two young men would like to hang out and assist Holly in any way they could. She followed it up by saying, "If you can help Holly, you'll automatically be invited to the reception which is going to be an old fashioned Hawaiian luau."
"Oh ... I couldn't ..." Holly started to say, "They have their own job to do and I just wouldn't feel right interrupting their time off."
One of the guys spoke up saying, "I can only speak for myself but I'd love a change of pace and a party to boot. I've been out for a month and Holly; you look like you could be fun with the right motivation. I have to tell you, I'm a great motivator."
"Hey wait!" the other guy immediately called out, "I don't want to be left out of the fun. Listen, whatever you have to do, count me in. Like my partner said, we've been out for a month. So doing something different will add a different element to our time off. What are we going to do?"
Holly looked at both guys before she said, "As Leyanni said, I'm a DJ and I'm going to play music during the reception this afternoon. I have to set up and then break down when the luau is over. I'm sure that doesn't sound like too much fun, does it?"
"Are there any possible fringe benefits?" One of the guys asked.
Holly's face turned beet red before she recovered enough to say, "I'm an old woman, wouldn't you be more interested in one of those little hot chicks I've seen walking around."
Both guys chuckled before one said, "Holly, I for one would consider it a privilege to hang out with you. Age is only a number to me and doesn't mean a thing. Besides we may be older than you think."
Leyanni looked up at the two young men and said, "I'll stop over later with a Te preu and a pair of sandals for each of you. Holly, you can go over to the table and get your Te preu and sandals now, before you leave. Guys go over to my office and sign out a golf cart. Take Holly over to the flower garden where her van in located. Holly, my people have already set up a carpeted stage for you to set all your equipment on. If it isn't big enough let one of these guys know and they can get more sections for you. Oh and there should be a couple of power cords there, if you need more get ahold of one of the guys working in that area. "
"Is there anything else you might need, that I haven't thought of?" Leyanni asked.
"I will have to go see what it looks like before I answer that question. Thank you so much for everything you've done and are doing. I can't believe both of these fine young men are willing to help out. Were you guys, boy scouts?" Holly asked.
Both guys smiled at Holly when she patted each one of them on their bare ass cheeks. Holly excused herself and went over to the table to pick up her Te preu and sandals.
When Holly got back to the table Leyanni said, "Holly, I told the guys where they can take you when you finish setting up so you can get a shower before the reception. If you need anything at all, have one of the guys contact me and I'll have someone get right on it."
Holly walked over to the table were her son and daughter were sitting and she hugged and kissed each one telling them that Jen and Brianne were going to get them showered and dressed for the wedding. Each of them kissed her a couple of times more before they told her goodbye and that they loved her. Before Holly turned to walk back to Leyanni and Terri's table, she said, "I love both of you."
"Come on stud, I have somehardwork for you to do. I hope by the end of the day I'll have more than just your email addresses." All the people within earshot laughed.
After the three of them left, Leyanni and Terri put their heads together and started going over the rest of the plans for the day. About thirty minutes into their session Terri looked at Leyanni with a huge smile on her face. Leyanni stopped talking and said, "Terri, I don't know you that well .... yet ..... but something tells me, you have a different idea."
"As a suggestion only," Terri said, "I think ....."
When Terri finished speaking Leyanni stared at Terri for a moment before she asked, "Do you want a job? I think I could use a personal assistant with a brain like yours. You can live in your own cottage here on the resort. I'll give you anything you want. You name it and it's yours."
Terri looked affectionately at Leyanni before she said, "I have, for the first time in a very long time, not just a job or a career with the Morrisons, I have a family who loves and cares for me and that means a lot to me. Like you being in charge here, I'm in charge of the Morrison's estate. I have only their best interests at heart and they trust me even though I am young and was inexperienced at managing an estate. But we aren't here to talk about me, let's get on with today's plans."
"If you ever change your mind young lady, I want you to call me directly. Oh, and from now on, I would love for you to take periodic mini vacations and come here. I will always have a place for you." Leyanni said.
They returned to planning, interrupted only by phone calls and some, in person questions. It wasn't long before both Terri and Leyanni were fielding the questions from all sources.
*******************
Tom, Janet, Audrey, Frank, Tom Jr. and Faith walked back to their cabin. Once inside, Faith walked over to her father-in-law and asked, "Dad, would you please make love to me?"
"Sweetheart, I love you dearly and I know what you said before, but I don't want you to feel obligated, because of my cancer."
"But dad, you don't understand." Faith said, "You, like your son, made me feel special. You always have, even before you knew you had cancer. You've always treated me like family. I meant what I said and I want to make love to you as often as you want me. I don't hear anyone disagreeing."
"You drive a hard bargain and make valid points. I just don't want you to feel obligated to do this. So, I will forever be grateful to you for allowing me to make love to you." Tom replied.
Tom Jr., who had been holding his wife's hand, turned to his beautiful wife and said, "I want you to have fun and enjoy yourself with my dad. He's a great man."
"Gheee Tom, I'm just not use to all this openness, I guess ......"
"Dad, both Faith and I love you. We only want what's best for you and we are willing to share. Faith and I took a walk and had a long talk about our future and we've decided we want to live and raise our children, your grandchildren, in this open kind of lifestyle. There should never be any secrets in a family. We've never really experienced any jealousy in our relationship and we don't expect that will be an issue.
"Go ahead dear; I think the kids and I will find something to do." Janet said as she kissed her husband's cheek.
Faith reached out and took her father-in-law's hand and together they walked into the bedroom. When they reached the bed, Faith turned and looked up into his eyes. Their eyes locked on and the two of them used their eyes to do their speaking.
The silence was broken by Faith, "Dad, I know we aren't married to each other, but that doesn't matter to me anymore. I want you to feel comfortable to ask me to make love to you. Do you see these breasts; they are going to feed your grandchild. Down here between my legs, your grandchild will be born. But before any of that happens, I want to spend hours with your wonderful cock inside me."
"Would you be unhappy if I used my tongue first?" Tom asked with a smirk on his face.
Faith playfully slapped Tom's arm and asked, "Have you ever heard of sixty-nine?"
"I invented that position." Tom laughed "Why did you ask?"
"Well smarty pants," Faith countered, "Do you know what 6.9 is then?"
"That's simple it's six and nine tenths?" Tom queried.
"Just as I thought," Faith snickered, "Another male ego gonna go down in flames."
"Ok, I give," Tom conceded, "What is 6.9?"
"Very simple," Faith giggled, "It's the position 69 you invented, interrupted by a period. However, you don't have to worry about that with me, I'm pregnant and I won't be having one of those for a while."
When Tom finished laughing he pulled Faith into a hug, "I love you girl. You are a special gift to my family."
Faith reached down and stroked Tom's hard cock a few times before she said, "I just finished breakfast but I've found something I'd love to snack on. Let me get up on the bed and you can get on top and feed me this wonderful piece of meat."
"But what about kissing and fondling each other, you know foreplay? Tom asked.
"When I was younger, I used to ........"
"I still love plenty of foreplay," Faith interrupted, "However, today the anticipation of having you make love to me has already made me wet. You'll find out when you start licking me down there."
Tom held Faith's hand as she climbed up on the bed and then he followed. Faith moved into the center of the bed and lay on her back. When she was in position, she opened her legs, in a very sweet, innocent voice, "Is this the way you want me daddy?"
"Oh my word," Tom groaned, "You are a picture of perfection. I wish....."
"Come on daddy, I'm waiting to taste that wonderful cock of yours."
Tom moved so he straddled Faith's head and she immediately reached up and started to massage his hard cock. Tom exhaled sharply then moved into position and lowered his head for a close up view of his daughter-in-law's open slit. A tentative lick from his tongue caused Faith to jump.
"Please daddy, don't tease me. I need this so bad...."
Without another word, Tom used both thumbs to open Faith's treasure even more so he could see her clit. It was just a bump when he started licking her but it rapidly expanded into a protruding nub, as Faith's excitement grew. This was not Tom's first rodeo, so he attacked Faith's pussy all the way down to her little puckered asshole.
Tom inserted his middle and index fingers into his daughter-in-law's pussy and fucked her while he gently nibbled and licked her clit. The overwhelming sensations she was receiving from her father-in-law put Faith into overdrive.
Tom crooked his middle finger upward and pushed it into Faith's pussy until he felt her g-spot. When he stroked across it, Faith was in seventh heaven. Even though her top half was almost still so she could suck Tom's cock, her lower half was literally bouncing off the bed. She moaned loudly but when Tom pulled his middle finger out of her pussy and touched her little tight asshole Faith exclaimed, "Oh GOD DADDY! What are you going to do?
"Relax honey." Tom replied, "Keep doing what you're doing and enjoy the ride."
Tom dipped his middle finger into Faith's pussy a few more times to make sure it was wet. Faith's feminine fluids leaked out of her pussy and ran down her crack to her little asshole so the outside was well lubricated before Tom nudged his finger into the tight ring. Faith responded by lifting her ass off the bed and let out the softest purrr. When Tom heard that, he knew she wasn't going to stop his invasion into her rectum.
Tom continued to bathe her pussy and clit with experienced tongue action as he worked his middle finger past the second knuckle. With his index finger in her pussy and his middle finger in her ass, Tom began to fuck both holes simultaneously. Faith made it through two orgasms but as her third orgasm began to build, Faith stopped sucking and concentrated on what was being done to her body. Tom had a hard time keeping up with her bucking and rolling hip action.
Without losing contact with Faith's pussy, Tom made a swift move until he was kneeling between Faith's legs. He put his one hand under Faith and held her bottom up while he continued his entre of fresh young pussy.
Faith's orgasm built and crashed upon her. Her legs tensed and lifted her buttocks off the bed, pushing her pussy mound into Tom's face. She screamed, moaned and cried as the waves of ecstasy rolled over and through her. Tom sucked on her hard button as she came, until the sensitivity got too much for her, and she pulled and shrank away from his lips.
Tom sat up and leaned back on his heals so he could watch his daughter-in-law recover from sexual exhaustion. Faith's chest heaved and her head rolled from side to side until she came down from her first oral session with her father-in-law. Tom moved to Faith's side before he pulled her into a hug. Faith looked at Tom, "Dad, do you know what you just did to me? You rocked my fucking world!" Faith moved closer and cuddled up in Tom's arms.
"Tried to warn you," Tom said in a soft whisper, "I invented the 69 position when I was young. I don't know of any of my friends back then who would lick a girl's pussy. All they were interested in is scoring a home run for as little as fifteen seconds. We used to call them the three pump chumps."
"I, on the other hand, made sure the girl who went out with me, experienced plenty of foreplay and I wouldn't hesitate to taste her pussy. My name circulated through the girls in my school and I didn't have any problems getting a date."
"I can equate my early experience with the girls to my life profession; I always wanted to be the best I could be. I became the CEO of a very large corporation because of that same philosophy."
Faith said in a soft sexy voice, "I love you dad."
"I love you too sweetheart."
After she rested for a few minutes, Faith reached down and stroked Tom's cock before she said in her best little girl's voice, "Oh daddy, you didn't cum yet. We have to do something about that ....... right now. I want this big cock to stretch my lil pussy and I want it to shoot off deep inside me."
"I don't want to do the missionary position with you because you're pregnant. I'll take you from behind so I won't hurt you. Besides, I want to be able to bury my cock inside you."
Without any further prompting, Faith scooted away from her father-in-law and moved until she was kneeling on the bed with her head lying on her folded arms. She immediately spread her knees apart until she knew her pussy was open and exposed. Tom watched Faith and he marveled at how her bronzed body contrasted excellently with the white bed spread. The side profile of her "C" cup breasts looked spectacular as they gently swayed when she wiggled her butt to encourage and entice her father-in-law. It was just enough to cause Tom's heart to race at a crazy rate as he viewed her pink, bald and open feminine slit.
"OH GOD - Faith do you know what you're doing to this old man's heart?"
"Yes I do daddy and I want you more with each passing second. Please ...... I want you .... I need you .... PLEASE daddy ....."
"Now I understand why Tom Jr. loves you so much. Not only are you a super sexy package but you have just enough of a sassy attitude to complete that package. I'm going to try to give you what you want but please be kind to this old man."
"Oh daddy, you're not an old man. I know you worked hard during your career and you may have missed out on a few things but we, as a family, are going to make up for lost time. You sir, are going to experience many things in the upcoming days. I love you dad just like the rest of your family."
Tom marveled at the sight before his eyes for a few more seconds. He remembered back in the early days with Janet, after they were married, she also used her body to entice him. He was brought back to the present when Faith moaned ever so softly.
Tom slowly moved until he was kneeling between Faith's spread legs. He moved forward and guided his rock hard cock towards her smooth hairless slit. When the mushroom head of his cock penetrated the outer lips of Faith's pussy he moved the tip up and down slowly in her lubricated crack. Finally he aligned his cock at the opening of her body. Tom pushed slowly forward until his cock was completely buried within the hot confines of his daughter-in-law's body. He pushed that last little bit to make sure he had all of his cock inside her.
Faith raised her head and looked back over her shoulder at her father-in-law, "Dad, I love you almost as much as I love your son. Tom and I love to role play and I'd love to try that with you, if you're game. Can we make believe I have a fertile womb and you are going to plant your baby in me, right now?"
Tom stared into his daughter-in-law's eyes for a few moments while his cock remained embedded deep inside her before he whispered, "I love you too Faith almost as much as I love Janet. Your pussy is so tight, wet and hot right now and it feels so good. I'll role play with you and make believe you are a virgin and I'm the first cock to enter your tight body."
"Oh yes daddy," Faith hoarsely whispered, "YOU are the first to open my virgin pussy with your big hard cock. You stretched the tender folds of my pussy and now I want you to make love to me. Fuck me daddy, make me cum for you."
Tom started pumping into Faith's tight body. He remained conscience of Faith's condition but at the same time he treated her like she was that young girl without any experience. Faith moaned seductively and moved her ass side to side as her father-in-law pumped into her. She intentionally contracted the muscles inside her body, specifically in her vagina. She knew she had accomplished what she wanted when she heard a guttural sound escape his throat.
The combination of Faith continuing to say naughty things to Tom as he made mad passionate love to his daughter-in-law and her pussy muscles contracting around his cock caused Tom's orgasm to fast track towards a conclusion. Faith announced her impending orgasm at the same time Tom told her he was almost ready to cum in her pussy. Within seconds both of them were enjoying explosive orgasms which shook their bodies and sapped their strength. When they finished, both of them fell onto the bed and Faith turned and wrapped her arms around her father-in-law as they cuddled and shared several kisses. Soon both of them drifted off to sleep.
*******************
Meanwhile, Tom Jr. took his mother into one of the other bedrooms and guided her over to the bed where both of them ended up sitting. At first, they just talked about the turn of events in the past couple of days. Their short conversation ended when Tom Jr. reached out and rolled his mother's right nipple between his thumb and index finger, while his lips were attached to her left nipple. He pulled away from her nipple momentarily to say, "They are perfect."
Janet reached into her son's lap and wrapped her hand around his hard cock. "Tom," his mother said in a soft voice, "I'm nervous. I've never had another man inside my body except your father."
"If you want to stop mom, please say so and I will be stop." Tom Jr. replied. "I've never forced any girlfriend or my wife to do anything she didn't want to do."
"I understand Tom, "Janet replied. "Oh what the hell, we are vacationing in paradise and we need to find our limits. Let's start something and see what happens."
Tom Jr. took charge and positioned his mother on the bed before he moved into position to stimulate and tease her. Tom Jr. was never one to hurry his lovemaking. His mother was and is special and he wanted to do everything to please her. In the past, every girl he had a chance to have sex with, he always made sure she had a couple of orgasms before he did. Tom used his youthful knowledge and did to his mom what he knew made most girls feel great. Before long his mom was squirming on the bed and uttering soft noises to let Tom Jr. know she appreciated what he was doing.
By the time Tom Jr.'s lips lightly touched his mom's pussy, she jumped and moaned softly. He continued to explore the place where he entered this world with his tongue and fingers. With two fingers continually working inside the slippery wetness of his mother's pussy, Tom Jr. nibbled and licked her clit. It only took her a few minutes before her hips wildly undulated. Suddenly Janet screamed, "Please .... Tom .... Please .... I can't take anymore; I'm too sensitive down there. Please, I need you inside me. Tom, please come up here."
Reluctantly Tom moved up his mother's body and kissed her passionately. He moved his hips until he felt his cock at the opening of his mother's pussy. He gently pushed forward into the heated depths of her body. Janet moaned softly and wrapped her legs around her son and held him deep inside her. The walls of her pussy contracted and massaged his cock.
Normally, Tom had plenty of stamina but the pulsing action of his mother's pussy was milking him to the point where his orgasm just happened without any preliminary notice. He wasn't alone; his mother also experienced another earth shaking orgasm at the same time. Tom pulled out of his mother's tight pussy and lay down beside her. They hugged and kissed passionately as they professed their love for each other.
"Mom that felt so wonderful. I've heard some girls can use their muscles to do what you just did, but I've never experienced it before. It felt so weird but at the same time it was so wonderful. I can't wait to make love to you again."
"Yes honey, if a girl exercises the muscles in her vagina on a regular basis, she will be able to do what I just did. It's sort of like when you go to the gym and exercise your muscles and they get big enough so you can flex them." Janet replied
"Tom, are you saying that you want to make love to your mother again?"
"Oh mom," Tom replied as he looked lovingly into his mother's eyes, "Of course I do. I love you. I never fathomed this would happen between us. Since it has, if you'll let me, I want to make love to you over and over again."
"Oh sweetheart, of course I want to make love to you again. This is all new to us but I really do like all this openness. I was unsure at first but now, I see so much love between everyone, contrary to what my mother told me when I was growing up. My mother is probably rolling over in her grave just at the thought I let you see me naked. She'd flip out if she knew we made love."
In another bedroom, Audrey and Frank were also resting after a long and satisfying sexual encounter. Frank took his time and make sure Audrey achieved a few orgasms before he blew his load of cum on her stomach.
Audrey got off the bed and went to the bathroom and washed the cum off her body and then brought a washcloth back so Frank could clean himself. Once that was accomplished, they cuddled up to each other. As they rested, they talked quietly.
*******************
With Dan, Kim and Beth in the cabin taking a nap, Jake, Kathy and the rest of the Thompson family decided to wander around. Before they left the cabin area, everyone grabbed a towel. Even though the resort beach was nearly empty, they walked down the white sand until they didn't see anyone. The conversation between them ranged from amazement of how fast the arrangements had been made to fly them to the private Hawaiian resort to total surprise that Beth was actually going to get married.
Beth's brother Martin made the comment that he thought Beth would grow old as an old maid because she was always interested in working and hardly ever dated. It was Carrie who pointed out needlessly that if it wasn't for Beth, they'd all be home on the farm instead of being in Hawaii.
"From now on," Kathy said thoughtfully, "I want you kids to be ready to travel at a moment's notice. Keep some kind of bag partially packed so you can just add a few things you might need. With Beth marrying Dan, there's no telling when they'll want us to travel with them."
Martin slid his hand down his girlfriend's back and rested it on her ass. She looked up at him with a sly smile saying, "I'd love to be married in Hawaii. Do you think your sister will have enough pull to get us back here when it's time for us?"
"You'll have to ask her, Jill." Martin replied. "But right now, I have something else in mind, if you're interested."
"Martin my love, what ever could you be talking about?" Jill giggled
"If I know my brother, and I know I do," Helen spoke up, "He wants to spread those delicious thighs of yours, expose your hairless pussy to his gawking gaze before he dives face first into your juicy slit with his tongue leading the way. How did I do Marty?"
"You did pretty well." Martin replied, "The exception to your description is, I planned to spend some quality time working my way up to her pussy, even though I love the idea of spreading these wonderful legs all the way open so I had full access to Jill's pussy. However, I plan to pause briefly behind each knee for a nibble and light kisses before I continue my move slowly up each inner thigh to my goal."
"Ummm ... hello, I'm right here," Jill interrupted, "Like I'd really like to be part of this conversation."
"Oh stop Jill." Carrie added. "You've been around this family long enough to know when we have something to share between us; you'll get a small speaking part sooner or later."
Everyone broke out laughing and it was Jake who came to Jill's rescue saying, "Jill, the way Martin describes what he's going to be doing to that beautiful body of yours, you'll soon be ooooohhhhing and aaaaawwwwing. Those appreciative kinds of noises will let Martin know he's doing a good job."
"Dad," Jill challenged, "No matter who's between my legs, doing what Martin described, will cause me to make those noises, even that hot looking Dan Morrison. Beth sure scored, big time, with that one."
"Hey, what am I, chopped liver?" Martin asked as he turned towards Jill.
"Oh no honey, please don't get me wrong," Jill quickly added, "You know I love sex but this is the first time I've really been exposed to this kind of nudity. Sure, back home we are nude but, wow, I've seen so many different cocks in the past twelve hours it's a little overwhelming."
"Then to top it all off with all the sights and sounds of people making love wherever they want, in the open or places where other people can see them, I'm adjusting but WOW, this is quite an adjustment to back home. Honey, I'm just not used to all this." Martin pulled Jill a little closer to him as they walked down the beach with the others.
Helen was the next to say, "I agree with Jill, I'm also overwhelmed by all of this. I've only been exposed to family nudism and this is like being a kid in a candy store. I can't believe some of the sights I've been seeing. I really love this place and being nude with everyone. There were a few guys in the cafeteria this morning looking at me, actually they were staring at my pussy, and I didn't even care. I have to admit, I didn't close my legs so I guess I'm partially at fault for letting them stare."
"Helen my love," Peter said, "I don't mind if you let some of these guys stare at your body. I'm your husband and I know I'll get to take you back to the cottage tonight and curl up next to you. There is no room in our marriage for any jealousy, from either of us."
"Hear that Martin," Jill injected. "There's no room for jealousy in their relationship. I love that idea especially with some of those hunks who are running around here. Would you mind, if one of those big guys did to me, what you were describing a few minutes ago?"
"Before I answer that question directly," Martin responded, "You know my mother and father raised my siblings and me as nudists. As parents, they were very good at educating us about the nudist lifestyle. One of the major items they taught us and reinforced almost daily is nudism has nothing to do with any sexual act."
"My brother, my sisters and I grew up without hiding our nude bodies from each other. I've watched my brother and sisters develop from children into young adults. Once the girls learned they could get a rise out of Peter and me by spreading their legs, they used to tease us by sitting with their legs wide open. Beth and Emily used to giggle when we got a hard-on, while looking at them. Peter and I spent many hours jerking off after looking at our sisters but we never tried to touch them."
"All this openness about sex is new to me as it is to you. I don't have any problems with people sharing their body with each other but I don't want to get involved with a lot of drama. If you want to find one of those hunks, as you call them, and let him do whatever to your body, I won't be offended or jealous. There are some marvelous looking chicks running around here I might be able to hook up with and do to her what I was going to do to you. But if I do, I don't expect you to be jealous either." Martin finished saying.
"Martin," Helen said with a huge smile on her face, "I wouldn't mind if you did those things to me. I mean, look at my pussy; just listening to this discussion got me all wet. You and Peter can swap partners and we'll keep it in the family."
"Hot damn, that sounds like a great idea Helen." Martin added. "You have a great body and I'd love to explore you inch by inch. Especially that lil wet spot between your legs."
Jill looked at Martin and then at Peter before she said, "Listen guys if Helen is agreeable to switching for a day or so, I'll become Peter's wife and Helen can become Martin's girlfriend. And if we do switch, we'll treat each other as if we were real partners. That means anything goes for the time we agree to switch."
Jake and Kathy along with the others had been listening to the exchange. Jake finally said, "Please understand, all of us are still new to this sexual openness, different partners, physical love between brothers and sisters, parents and siblings. Kathy and I raised our family as nudists so we've always seen each other's nude body and as far as I know, there's never been any sexual activity outside what is socially acceptable."
"Your mother and I, along with Beth's help, have learned, love can, and should, be shared with more than your chosen partner, as long as all persons are in consensus. I don't want to sound like one of those stuffy philosophers so I'll narrow it down in a less complicated term, you CAN, teach an old dog new tricks."
"You don't have to officially swap partners, to enjoy the passions of each other. You can let things happen naturally. If Helen wants to play with Martin and Jill with Peter just do it, as long as everyone agrees. Kathy and I have learned that love really doesn't have any boundaries. Beth along with all those who live and love at the Morrison's estate taught us we can share our love with anyone. At first it was a little weird but now, it seems so natural."
Jill squeezed Martin's hand a little tighter before she said, "I want to make love on the beach with Martin before I think about having sex with anyone else."
"Jake and I are going to make love on the beach also." Kathy said, "We won't care if any of you watch or even if one or more of you want to join us."
Martin reached over and cupped Jill's right breast and squeezed it before he pinched her nipple between his thumb and index finger. Jill purred, "I'll give you a half hour to stop that. You know how sensitive my nipples are."
"Sweetheart," Martin said, "I want to make love to you and I don't care who watches us. I'm going to make you scream so everyone will know you are enjoying yourself."
Kathy was quick to realize what Martin said and she asked, "Are you a screamer Jill?"
Jill blushed, "I have been known to make a little noise once in a while, before Martin and I achieved our orgasms."
"Ha, Ha, Ha," Martin laughed, "A little noise, you say? I missed hearing the 8 o'clock train going through the other night because you were screaming in ecstasy."
"Oh my God, MARTIN!" Jill admonished, "You're such a liar!"
"Ok, well," Martin backtracked, "Maybe I did hear the whistle blow one time before you drowned it out with all the noise you made."
Jill slapped Martin's arm playfully, "Martin is really stretching the truth, please don't believe him."
"There's nothing wrong with being vocally appreciative when you're stimulated to new heights. If Martin was able to make you scream like he said he did, then he's a good catch and you should marry him before he gets away." Helen calmly said.
"That's right honey," Kathy whispered, "Catch that boy if you feel he's right for you. There are so many girls out there who are complaining their man cums and then falls asleep, leaving them high and dry. If Martin and you are compatible and he makes you scream, don't be shy and bashful about it, tell the world you have a good man."
"Ok," Jill said as she glanced at the others, "Yes, Martin made me scream and my toes curled with the continuous string of orgasms he gave me the other night. GOD, I didn't think I was ever going to stop. It was marvelous!"
"Thank you honey!" Martin said as he leaned towards her and kissed her cheek.
"Jill, you've been nude at the house many times and I've always admired your fantastic body, however I'd like to add, you can press your lovely body against me any time you want." Jake added.
"Dad, I want to thank you for that compliment, you and mom have always made me feel welcome in your home. I was fifty percent sure Martin was joking and teasing me when he told me everyone was nude when they were in the house. I was determined to take a wait and see attitude and try not to be too surprised if he wasn't. I was a nervous wreck the first time I came to your house, but everyone was gracious and made me feel at home." Jill recanted.
"I don't want to interrupt you honey," Martin said, "This looks like a nice place to enjoy some quiet time."
"I'm going to take a dip before I settle down to rest." Kathy said, "Who's coming with me?"
Everyone stopped walking and placed their towel on the beach before they headed towards the water. The gentle waves lapped at their feet and legs as everyone slowly walked out until they were waist deep. Jill was the first to dive into the water and that's all it took for everyone else to follow.
Now in chest deep water for most everyone, Helen said, "Jill, you mentioned everyone made you feel at home the first time you went to the house and I want to tell you that's exactly how they treated me when I went there the first time. I was very nervous about being nude in front of everyone especially Peter's father and brother. Mom was in the kitchen wearing only an apron and Peter introduced me to her. Then she encouraged me to go with Peter up to his room and get undressed. I asked her if I could wear my panties and she told me I could, if I wanted to."
"To make a long story shorter, I took off everything in Peter's room after we talked a little more. Then the two of us walked down stairs together. Mom smiled when she saw me completely nude then handed me an apron and asked me to help her finish dinner. Peter went into the living room and watched the news."
"When dad came into the house, mom met him and kissed him without touching anything but his lips. She introduced me to him and he wrapped his arms around me and gave me a big hug while welcoming me to his home."
"He released me then sniffed the air and laughed whole-heartedly before saying, "Girl, you smell like you've been in the barn, when I get my clothes off, we can go shower together and get you smelling pretty again."
Peter had heard me squeal when dad hugged me and had come out into the kitchen just in time to hear dad make his offer. I looked at Peter, who was grinning from ear to ear, before I said, "Thanks but I'll take a rain check on the shower. Do you know I never did get to shower with dad?"
Everyone started laughing as Jake spoke up saying, "Helen, when we get back to the cabin, we can solve that little problem. I have a whole new appreciation for showering with others and I'd love to have the chance to wash your body."
Helen turned towards her father-in-law, "Not to sound repetitive dad but can I take a rain check on the shower with you? If everything goes according to what I have planned, my pussy will be full of your son's cum and we will be on a tight schedule to get ready for the weddings."
"Ok, I've waited this long, I guess I could wait a little while longer."
"I didn't come out here to swim in the ocean. I want to make love to my man on a sandy beach in Hawaii." Jill said.
Martin and Jill joined hands and together they walked out of the water and onto the beach. Once on the beach they turned and hugged each other. Peter called out, "Give that woman some lovin' or I'll have to come up there and show you how it's done."
Helen started giggling as she said, "Now that would be a show I'd want to see on film. Jill double teamed by a couple of farm boys. We can call it,Down on the Hawaii Delight!"
Jill also giggled as she dropped to her knees, reached out and tenderly held Martin's cock between her right thumb and index finger. She leaned forward and kissed the tip of his cock before she licked it. She looked up at Martin and extended her tongue and licked the head of his cock like it was a lollipop. Martin groaned, "OH BABY, that's feels so good."
After a few more licks she opened her mouth and swallowed the head of Martin's cock. Jill moved her mouth slowly up and down the length of Martin's cock as he murmured encouragement to his fianc.
Everyone else had walked out of the water and was standing close enough to hear Jill try to say something to Martin with half his cock still in her mouth. Immediately Kathy scolded, "Jill, didn't your momma ever tell you not to speak with your mouth full?"
"I think you're jealous you aren't in my place mom." Jill said after she pulled Martin's cock out of her mouth.
Kathy dropped to her knees in the white sand and gently pulled her husband's cock to her open mouth before she engulfed it. She moved up and down his shaft a couple of times, to get it coated with saliva. With everyone watching, she reached out and gripped her husband's ass cheeks and slowly pulled towards her. Slowly Jake's cock disappeared into her mouth with the head of his cock sliding deep into her throat. Kathy didn't stop until her nose was pressed tightly against her husband's bald pubic area. She held her position for almost fifteen seconds before she slowly pulled back.
"OMG!" Jill exclaimed, "That was so fucking awesome!"
With a huge smile on her face Kathy said, "That's the proper way to suck a cock. Deep throat your man and he'll love you forever." Without waiting for any further discussion, Kathy turned back to Jake's cock and began to suck and swallow his cock.
Off to Kathy's right, Jill was making valiant attempts to deep throat Martin but each time his cock head reached her throat, she gagged. Kathy noticed Jill's actions and slowly pulled off her husband's cock and quietly said, "I've heard some say, deep throating a cock is easier if you swallow when his cock gets to the back of your mouth, while others have said if you hum at the same time you push forward, it will go into your throat easier. I've heard guys call deep throating a hummer so there may be some truth in it. It takes practice, so don't get discouraged. Personally, I've never had a problem swallowing Jake's cock."
As Kathy turned her attention back to her husband's cock, Jill said, "Thanks mom, I'll try that and don't worry I'm not going to give up, I want my man to be as happy as yours is."
For the next half hour or so, most of the Thompson family enjoyed making love to their partner on the white sandy beach with the ocean gently slapping the sand. Each one of them enjoyed orgasmic bliss while listening to each other. Soon each couple walked back to the ocean to rinse off the sweat and sand. As a family should, they waited until everyone was finished before they started their trek back to the resort. They had a couple of weddings to get ready for.
*******************
When the Thompson clan arrived back at the coconut grove, they waved at all of us who were relaxing in the shade. Each of us had something cool and refreshing in a tall glass with fruit around the rim. We watched as they walked to their cabin. Inside, they took turns showering, with the girls going first. When they finished Kathy walked over to where we were still enjoying the peacefulness of the resort. She was followed by Jill, Helen, Emily and Carrie right behind her.
The new arrivals were greeted by members of my family along with everyone who lived or worked at our estate. Tom Banks and his family added their greetings for the new arrivals. We shuffled some lawn chairs around so everyone had a seat before I asked, "Where's Jake and the boys?"
Kathy quickly added they would be coming along shortly; they were showering after their walk down the beach.
Sitting in the shade we made more small talk about the excitement of the pending weddings. The women in our little group took over the conversation with each one talking excitedly. Finally, Kathy asked Beth and Kim when they were going to go get their hair done. Beth looked at her watch before she said, "I think we should go soon."
Beth looked around the group seated in the shade, "With this many heads to work on, it's going to take a while."
The conversation lasted a few minutes longer before all of the girls and women stood up in preparation to go to the rec hall. There was a total of almost thirty of them that needed their hair done. It was decided it would be better to take all of the golf carts over to the rec hall so they wouldn't have to walk back in the heat and mess up their hair.
They started to walk away just as Jake and the other guys arrived. Jake looked at his wife before asking, "Where the hell is everyone going? You don't have to leave on my account; I used my Right Guard....."
Everyone laughed before Kathy said, "We've decided to go get our hair done so we will look beautiful for the weddings."
Martin mumbled, "Take more than a hair dresser for that."
He thought he said it low enough so no one could hear but he forgot his mother has excellent hearing and when there was a resounding loud slap followed by an immediate blood curdling scream, everyone's head snapped toward the noise.
Martin stood facing his mother, rubbing his right ass cheek asking, "WHAT?" What did you do that for?"
Kathy put her finger almost up Martin's nose before she said, "You know what you said young man. You ain't that big that I can't take you over my knee and paddle your ass good and proper."
"I'm sorry mom, I didn't mean it. I was joking." Martin explained.
"What'd he say ma?" Peter inquired.
"He knows what he said; I ain't going to repeat it." Kathy said with a giggle.
Martin looked at his mom with puppy dog eyes asking, "Are you going to kiss my booboo mom?"
"Martin, get control of yourself, I'mnotgoing to kiss your ass." Kathy chastised.
Jill smiled at her boyfriend saying, "Let me see your ass cheek Marty."
When he turned around there was a solid, red, open hand print on Martin's ass. Jill remarked, "Damn honey, you'll be lucky if that doesn't turn black and blue later. KARMA - that's what you get for telling that lie earlier about me screaming in ecstasy and you not hearing the train whistle."
"What about the train's whistle?" I asked.
"Ask him when we're gone. He might be brave and tell that lie again and temp the fate of KARMA!" Jill squealed in delight.
All of the female members of the families divided up on the golf carts and soon there was a convoy of women headed towards the rec hall.
When Martin selected a seat, he gingerly sat down on his left ass cheek to avoid putting too much pressure on the right side. Jake laughed as he said, "Your ma still has a mean swing, don't she boy?"
Martin looked around and smiled weakly. It was Tom who finally asked, "What did she slap your ass for?"
"I was only joking when she said they were going to get their hair done to look beautiful for the weddings and I whispered, it'll take more than a hairdresser for that. I didn't think anyone could hear me." Martin replied.
"Son, even if you see the ugliest woman on the earth, you'll have to find something positive to say to her. Like hey, nice dress. Never say something negative to a woman, especially a farm woman. I hope you learned a lesson." Jake encouraged his son.
When the women arrived at the rec hall, a very pretty young lady greeted them as they walked in. There were stylists set up all over the room. There were portable mirrors in front of each chair. The place had been transformed over the morning from rec hall to beauty salon. The young lady asked if any of the new arrivals was a bride or a mother of the bride and Kim, Beth and Kathy identified themselves as the guilty parties.
The young lady spoke the rest of the group and said, "Please we have refreshments over there on the tables for you and the bartender will take care of all your liquid needs. Now I have to escort these ladies to the place where they will get ready for the wedding."
All the other ladies bid their good byes to the three and then they were gone. Kim asked, "Where are you taking us?"
The young Hawaiian lady smiled and said, "Leyanni has a surprise for the three of you."
They got into the golf cart and with the young Hawaiian lady driving and headed to the administration center. When they arrived, Beth, Kim and Kathy were escorted inside, down a hall to Suite 201. When the door opened into a very large room, the three new arrivals saw five massage tables set up closest to the door. Two of the tables were already occupied and no one needed any introductions when they saw both had beautiful red hair tied in a bun so it was up and out of the way.
Kim, Beth and Kathy were asked to select a table and lie down. Becca raised her head and turned it slightly before she said, "You'll love the massage, it's so relaxing. I think every bride to be should get a massage before they take their final walk to the gallows." Everyone in the room laughed.
Kim, Beth and Kathy climbed up on a table and laid on their stomach first. After each masseuse properly positioned the woman in front of her, the masseuse picked up the warm fragrant oil. The warm oil was applied to each woman followed by hands - - expert hands, which worked on every tight muscle and all the kinks they didn't even know they had. When their backs were thoroughly manipulated each of them were asked to roll over on their back and the massage continued. Not one inch of skin, tissue or muscle was left untouched. When the massage was finished, all five of them were very relaxed.
There was a huge bathroom and shower at the end of the room and as the massage for each of the five lucky women ended, they were taken to the shower room and washed with a special scented body wash. Each lady was then gently patted dry and then taken back into the big open room and seated in a special chair where each of them received both a manicure and a pedicure which was followed by their choice of nail color and nail design.
To say the ladies were being pampered would be an understatement. Leyanni had made arrangements for all five ladies to feel like a queen, and they did.
******************
Meanwhile back at the cabin, shortly after all of the ladies left for the rec hall, the guys decided to take a walk over to the flower garden and see what was happening. As they walked, Martin asked me how I was able to talk his sister into marrying me.
"Do you want the short version or the long drawn out version?" I asked
"The short version will do." Martin replied.
"Ok then, the short version to the story is, I treated Beth like the professional she is." I stated, "I want you to understand there was never anything sexual between us, during all the years she worked with me and for me. Even on the late nights in the office that stretched out into early mornings, we always kept everything on a professional level. She became my right hand man, so to speak. Your sister is a very intelligent woman and when it comes to our company's business, most times, she had what I needed even before I asked for it. That's why, when I was privileged to receive a promotion, I wanted your sister to move up with me and stay as my secretary. Even Tom, our boss, was impressed at the fact I wouldn't take the new position without Beth as my secretary."
"Isn't that right Tom?"
"Yes Dan, it became a fact amongst the board members that we had to make sure we had two positions open before we could promote you." Tom replied.
"Martin, a while back, after one of those promotions, we had to take an overnight trip. Being that Beth was my executive secretary, she was tasked with the job of packing an overnight bag for each of us because I had a meeting and then I had to review last minute information about the company we were going to visit, right up until it was almost time to leave."
"When Beth didn't find any pajamas in my office closet, she walked back into my office and asked me what I wear at night, in a very professional tone, I might add. I told her I didn't wear anything to bed so don't worry about pajamas. During our brief discussion that followed we both learned each of us slept nude and that we both enjoyed the nudist lifestyle. In the six or so years Beth had been working for me, it was only after that discovery, did we open a dialog into our personal lives."
"One thing led to another and one afternoon I invited Beth to stay at our house overnight. It was only during that visit that Kim and I learned that Beth was living in an upstairs apartment which was sweltering hot. We invited her to come and stay with us because we didn't want her to suffer in the extreme heat wave that had gripped the entire country. Again, one thing led to another and we fell in love with each other, with Kim's approval, of course."
"Oh yeah, they've got it bad. You've seen how the three of them act around each other. They're continually sucking face and playing grab ass games." Jake added
"I know I've seen all three of them together." Martin said, "I'm not sure having two wives would work for me. How are you going to manage it Dan?"
"The first and foremost part of our relationship is absolutely no jealousy." I said without looking at Martin. "Next thing is we have total respect for each other. All of us are family and part of the decision making process in our home. You should come to our home someday and see how well all of us live together. What you'll see is the way it is, we don't put a front on for anyone."
"Martin," Jake injected, "I've seen the interaction between your sister and the whole Morrison clan and she is one happy girl."
There was more discussion between all the guys as we walked. When we reached the flower garden, every one of us stopped in our tracks, overwhelmed by the beauty of it all. We stared open mouthed at its beauty. Floral arches were being added over the small stage and there were floral arches down the center of the chairs that had been placed at an angle so no matter where one was seated, the view was unobstructed. The place was simply unimaginable coming from a guy's point of view, and a girl would probably faint with delight.
We saw Leyanni and Terri standing beside a guy who issued a directive to a couple of people then turned back to talk to them.
"This is such a fairytale place. I know the brides are going to be floating on a cloud when they see all of this." I whispered.
"You've got that right Dan," Tom added, "This is so beautiful."
"A girl's dream place for a wedding or weddings, in this case." Added Peter.
We stood and watched the people working for a few more minutes before I said, "Come on, let's go find the reception area and see what's happening over there."
As we walked through the garden towards the reception area everyone was in awe of its beauty. As we neared the reception area we heard the band warming up. We came in from the back side of the area we heard the band started playing "Like Red On A Rose." When the male voice started singing, I immediately recognized that voice as belonging to Marsh.
"That's Marsh singing," I said, "Come on let's move over there so we can see."
Marsh and the band were on a small stage that rose about two feet above the sand, down at the edge of the coconut grove. Marsh had a guitar in his hands and he moved around the stage as he sang. He looked like a professional and he definitely sounded like one. Everyone in the immediate area stopped what they were doing to watch and listen. When he finished the song, everyone applauded and some people whistled.
Marsh talked to the band for a few seconds as he placed his guitar in the stand, then he turned and walked down off the stage. Marsh greeted me and all the others. I congratulated him on his voice. That's when March disclosed that he was going to sing that song to his new brides. It was a secret so he asked all of us to not say anything.
I looked at Marsh asking, "I wonder if the band knows "Butterfly Kisses?"
He looked at me and asked, "Why?"
"I have been known to carry a tune in the shower, I wonder if they'd let me sing that song to Kim and Beth." I replied.
Marsh pulled my arm and we walked over to the stage and up the steps. Marsh introduced me to the lead singer and band manager, Leyland Brooks. I shook his hand and found he had a firm grip. When he asked, "What can I do for you Dan?"
Marsh was quick to say, "Dan is also getting married this afternoon and has a request for you."
I asked him if they knew "Butterfly Kisses."
Marsh picked up his guitar and strummed the opening few notes I said, "Yes, that's it."
"That's one of our most requested songs for a father/daughter dance at weddings." Leyland said, "I love the lyrics and if you'd like, my wife can sing with you. Do you want to try?"
"OH GOD! Yes please. I've never sung with anyone before so if we don't get it exactly right the first time can we try it again?"
Leyland called his wife out from back stage. I smiled when I saw her golden brown breasts swaying with each step she took, wearing only a Te preu. When introductions were made, I learned her name was Ailani.
Leyland spoke into the mic and informed his sound crew I was going to sing and they knew right away to make the necessary adjustments on their sound boards. We practiced a few notes so I could get on key and then Leyland suggested I sing only the first verse so his sound guys could get a mark.
I took a mic from Ailani and we waited side by side for Leyland to nod his head at the end of the intro. We made it through the first verse and the band stopped playing. A few adjustments were made and Leyland told me to go through the whole song this time.
Once again we waited for Leyland to nod his head and when he did Ailani and I started singing:
As I sang, I walked further out on the stage singing my heart out with Ailani standing on the left side of the stage singing along with me. I couldn't really hear us but I looked down and saw smiles on everyone's face so I know it couldn't sound that bad.
As always, every time I hear or sing that song, I get misty eyed and this time was no exception. I poured my heart and soul into the lyrics and when the song came to an end, there was plenty of applause. I looked at Tom and saw him wipe his tears away. I walked back to Leyland and asked him what he thought. Ailani came over and said, "Dan you are a very good singer and wonderful tenor. Have you ever had singing lessons?"
I told her, "No, not really. I sang in my school choir for a couple of years but a lot of kids did that."
They asked me if I wanted to try the number one more time and I told them I would. The second time I felt much better and I think it showed while I sang. After the second time, I told Leyland I wanted to sing that when Jake, Kim and Beth danced the father/daughter dance.
Marsh and I walked off the stage together and we were met by all the people who came with us to this Hawaiian paradise. There were congratulations for both of us. Ted walked up to me asking, "What now, are you going to add your own record label to your list of achievements?
I smiled and said, "NO, I just want to make my girls happy on their joint wedding day."
Tom shook my hand and congratulated me before he said, "I've never really listened to the words of that song until you sang it the first time. My God Dan, that really did something to me, I feel the words melt into my body. I'm supposed to be that hard driving corporate executive and you had me in tears. Dan you can't imagine...."
"No I can't imagine Tom," I said, "I have my daughter and a reasonable lengthy life expectancy and I can't even fathom what you and your family are really going through. I know this trip started out to be one for you and your family and now it's turned into a double wedding all in one day with Beth asking a simple question."
"Oh Dan, don't even worry about me. You have done so much for us as a family since the flight over here and now I couldn't be happier to watch you, Kim and Beth get married to each other. To top it all off, Marsh is going to marry Becca and Trish, WOW - - the soap operas don't have anything on you guys." Tom said with a wide grin.
Leyanni and Terri walked towards the stage before they stopped and faced towards the men in the area. Leyanni cleared her throat and in a very clear authoritative voice said, "I need Dan Morrison, Marsh Mitchel, Jimmy Turner, and Jake Thompson, to come with me. The rest of you should go get ready for the weddings."
I looked at Tom and said, "Please excuse me."
We followed Leyanni and Terri to her golf cart and the four of us climbed on in the second and third seats. Terri and Leyanni sat close together in the front seat. From my seat, I watched the interaction between Leyanni and Terri and it seemed they had been friends forever. Terri had the check list and as she rode she ticked off the things they needed to do or check on while Leyanni nodded her head with each item. I remember, Leyanni had a photographic memory so I think the check list was more for Terri's benefit.
Leyanni drove us to her resort home. It was well hidden behind the marina, in a secluded grove of banana trees, orange trees, and pineapple plants. As we walked towards the house, Jimmy paused in mid step, and turned to Jake and me. "Did you see that?" he asked.
"See what?" Jake and I asked at the same time. "Not a thing." Jimmy quickly replied, and Marsh chuckled.
"Private joke." Marsh interjected. "You had to be there." Then it was Jimmy's turn to chuckle.
Jake and I both looked from Marsh to Jimmy and back again with very suspicious looks on our faces. It was clear to both of us that Marsh and Jimmy had seen something we had missed.
Leyanni and Terri led us into her home. I don't know what the room would have looked like before today but what we saw was a very spacious but almost empty living room and dining room. I say almost empty because there were four massage tables and four barber's chairs in the room and that's all.
Four well-toned and tanned Hawaiian young ladies walked into the back of the room as we entered the house. Leyanni introduced us to the young ladies. Then Leyanni turned towards us and said, "These young ladies are going to take care of you right up until the time you have to leave and go get married. Marsh, Jimmy they are working for me and I gave them instructions so don't try to override anything they tell you to do. JUST DO IT!"
Leyanni finished her little speech with a grin and promptly turned and walked towards the door. Terri was right behind her and the last sound we heard from Leyanni was the closing of the door.
The four of us stood silently waiting for one of the girls to stay something. It was only a few seconds but it felt like minutes - more than a couple. The one on the right side said, "Ok, let's get started."
She walked around each of us, looking at the hair on our heads before she said, "Since neither of you need a haircut, we'll start with your massage first. Everyone choose a table and get up on it. You can lay on your stomach first if you want, but either way we'll get to both sides.
Like soldiers who received their orders, most of us selected a table and climbed up on it. Each of us was instructed to lay face down first and we did just that. We didn't notice Marsh had walked past the tables and out into the kitchen.
After we were lying down, with our face comfortably cushioned in the hole at the end of the table, the young ladies selected which one she was going to work on. The massage felt wonderful and just as I was about to drift into la-la land, I felt a decent slap on my right ass cheek along with the instructions to roll over.
I was hesitant at first because I suddenly realized I had a hard-on and I didn't want to embarrass the young lady. However when she spoke the second time, there was no doubt in my mind that she was all business and that I had to do what she said. Reluctantly, I rolled to my left to prolong the inevitable. But one can take just so long to roll over and finally I was on my back with my hard cock pointing straight up.
The young lady didn't say a word as she adjusted the towel under my head and then moved my arms into the position she wanted them. I didn't try to apologize because I really wasn't sorry I had a hard-on. She went about her work and massaged my arms and chest before she moved lower. I couldn't help it when my cock twitched as her hands worked deep into my muscles. I tried to keep my eyes closed but that was difficult, so I peeked at her through eye slits.
She moved to my lower legs next and then finally up to my thighs. I heard some groaning in the room but nothing that sounded like someone having an orgasm. While doing my thighs, her hand came in contact with my ball sack many times and she never avoided contact with my cock.
Suddenly the front door burst open and in comes Leyanni and Terri on either side of Marsh. Lilliana who had been assigned to clean Marsh up rushed forward and started apologizing to Leyanni for letting Marsh slip out the back door. Leyanni smiled and said, "Don't worry Lilliana; I know what a slippery person he is. However, this time I want you to take ahold of him and don't let him out of your sight until you are satisfied that he is as handsome as you can possibly make him. I know it will be a hard job but someone has to do it."
All the girls giggled at Leyanni's statement but all of them stopped except Terri when Marsh looked around the room. As Leyanni and Terri were leaving, Lilliana hooked her arm into Marsh's arm and led him towards her massage table.
The girls worked their magic on all of us until we were completely groomed. The last detail was to get each of us dressed in our Te preu and sandals. Some last minute primping and we were ready for the afternoon festivities.
******************
Meanwhile up in suite 201 Kim, Beth, Kathy, Becca and Trish were pampered even more than the men. Each of them received a bubble bath, a hot oil massage then showered with their own personal fragrant body wash and shampoo. Once they were dried off they received a manicure and a pedicure followed by their nails being painted with their favorite color. After the nail polish dried, a design was put on each of their finger and toe nails.
When the pampering was finished, each woman had her hair styled to perfection and some baby's breath and orchids were added to finish off each lady. As a final touch a professional make-up artist did an exceptional job on each woman's face with just the right amount of make-up. Kim, Beth, Kathy, Becca and Trish could have rivaled even the most published model.
Each of them was dressed in their special Te preu. Putting on their sandals was the final touch and then they were ready to leave the suite. Leyanni opened a velvet bag and handed each lady a box which had their name on it.
Unbeknown to anyone, Marsh had Carlos make a matching necklace and set of earrings for Kim, Beth, Kathy, Becca and Trish. When they opened their box, the room filled with joyful squeals of delight. A note inside each box read, "To a special lady."
Terri and Leyanni looked at each piece of jewelry and ohhhhhed and awwwwed at the beauty of the jewelry right along with the lady who received it. Both of them agreed that each necklace and set of earrings were the most beautiful pieces of jewelry they've ever seen. Each set had a different primary stone however the style and set was the same. Kim's necklace and earrings were adorned with rubies, Beth's with garnets, Kathy's with amethyst, Becca's with sapphires and Trish's with emeralds. Each center gem was surrounded by small diamonds.
There was plenty of excited talking and giggling as all five ladies were adorned with their new necklaces and earrings. Each of them stepped in front of a mirror to see the beauty of their jewelry on their body. And then all five ladies modeled their jewelry for each other as the nervous girlish giggles continued. They couldn't stop looking at each other's jewelry and complimenting the owner on its beauty.
******************
At Leyanni's house, the four men were talking in pairs. Marsh and I carried on our personal conversation. The wedding plans happened so fast so there wasn't time for us to get nervous and now that the time was near, neither one of us would admit to being nervous.
Meanwhile Jake and Jimmy sat nearby and were engaged in their own conversation when the door opened, Leyanni and Terri entered. Both of them looked more beautiful than ever. Leyanni took the lead and without saying a word, she walked around the four of us with Terri right behind her. When her silent inspection was finished she turned to the girls, "You've done a better job that I ever expected possible. A couple of them even look good enough to marry today."
The girls giggled and Marsh started to say something but Leyanni cut him off saying, "Today, you follow my orders and if you feel like firing me tomorrow, then .... oh well .... shit happens."
Jake started laughing until Leyanni gave him a stern look. Even Jimmy wasn't up to tempting fate; he sat quietly and waited to hear what was next on the agenda. He knew once Leyanni was given something to do, she did her best, right down to the finest detail.
Looking at Marsh and me, Leyanni announced we were going to ride in her golf cart while Jake and Jimmy were going to go with Terri. Almost like robots we stood and followed the two gorgeous women out of the house. After we were seated Terri took off first and headed for the gardens. Leyanni went in the opposite direction saying she had to check on one more thing before we went to the garden.
Marsh looked at his watch and saw his bachelor minutes were dwindling, which prompted me to look at my watch. Our movements didn't go unnoticed by Leyanni who immediately responded with, "Either you two are nervous or you're anxious with hopes we won't be late. You don't have to worry about the latter because I have everything planned down to the second. I'll have you know, the ladies you'll be marrying are ready and waiting also."
When Leyanni brought her golf cart to a stop in front of the garden, Marsh looked at his watch again and he was down to ten minutes and counting. He looked at me, "Come on ole buddy, it's time to get this event on the road."
We could hear the string quintet playing as we entered the garden and approached the terrace. We walked straight to the terrace and walked up three steps to get on the top. It was about three feet above the ground so everyone could see us from every angle. Another set of steps were in the front so the brides-to-be could walk up on the terrace.
Both of us shook hands with the non-denominational chaplain with smiles on our faces. We exchanged pleasantries before we turned around and saw the huge crowd of people seated in front of us. Both Marsh and I were taken aback by the sheer number of people sitting or standing in the audience.
Marsh whispered, "Holy shit, there's my Uncles Tony and Joey sitting next to papa Victor and Mama Vicky. I didn't know they were going to be here. Look over there Dan, that group on the side are all the people I used to work with in Southern California. Hell, even my old boss, Dr. Tom Green and his wife Ruthie are here. I could hear Marsh's voice crack a little bit as he finished recognizing his old friends. It's a good thing we were up on the terrace and they couldn't hear us.
When Marsh paused to compose himself I whispered, "You aren't the only one to be surprised by having old friends out there. I don't know how they got here but I suspect you had something to do with it."
We didn't have much time to look around before the chaplain stepped forward and guided us into the position he wanted us. We had only stepped into position when the string quintet began playing the traditional wedding march. Both Marsh and I looked up the center aisle and the doors to the multipurpose room opened at the back of the garden amphitheater. A few moments later Jake walked forward about five steps and stopped. When Jake stopped, Beth and Kim stepped through the doorway, and they slowly walked forward until Beth was on Jake's right side and Kim on his left.
I know both Kim and Beth are beautiful women but on this day, beautiful wouldn't even begin to describe them, impeccable might come close. I was immediately overwhelmed with pride that two such lovely ladies would want to be my wives.
Jake offered each lady an arm and they accepted by putting their arm through his. Jake looked first at his daughter Beth and said something to her. With a smile she nodded her head. Then Jake looked at Kim and said something to her. Kim also smiled and nodded her head.
All three of them looked at us and started to slowly walk down the aisle amid plenty of hoots and whistles combined with applause. I watched every step they took as they walked towards us. My heart was throbbing in my chest. As they neared the front, our daughter Jenna rushed into the center aisle and hugged and kissed both Kim and Beth. While she was hugging each one Jenna whispered, "I love you mom." Jenna stepped back, looked at Jake a moment before she hugged and kissed him too.
When Jenna stepped out of their way, the trio continued walking forward. At the steps, Jake stepped to the side and offered each lady a hand while she climbed the three steps. They waited for him on the terrace and he stepped between them again and escorted them over to where I was standing.
I looked .... no ..... I stared .... at both Kim and Beth as a lump formed in my throat. Both of them were perfect in every way from their very well groomed hair all the way down to their pedicured toes. I can't begin to describe the feelings I had at that very moment. It was almost like I was seeing them for the first time and fell in love with them.
Reality was not with me when Jake touched my arm and asked, "Are you ok Dan?"
I nodded my head and smiled, "Yes, I'm still in awe of these two wonderful ladies you brought to me. I guess for a moment I am or was truly awe struck. Thank you my friend."
We only had a few moments when Beth and Kim stepped forward to stand on either side of me. Suddenly a second wedding march filled the air. We looked up the aisle and the doors opened again. This time Jimmy Turner stepped out first and walked about five steps and stopped. Trish and Becca appeared in the doorway and slowly they walked forward until Trish was on Jimmy's right side and Becca was on his left. The three paused for effect and then they started their slow walk down the aisle. When they reached the front Jimmy also stepped to the side and offered each lady a hand as she walked up the three steps. They waited for Jimmy and then they walked over to where Marsh was standing wide-eyed and speechless.
Becca and Trish looked like sisters but more importantly to Marsh, Becca looked just like his Becky in the picture on the terrace. There was no way to tell them apart just by looking at them.
The chaplain welcomed everyone to the wedding ceremony. As he looked out at the audience he joked, I wish I could get this many people to attend my services."
Almost everyone laughed.
"Love is a miraculous gift, and a wedding is a celebration of that magic, and that is why we are here today. We are gathered together to celebrate the love between Dan Morrison, Kim Morrison and Beth Thompson. To make this an even more special occasion, we are also going to celebrate the love and magic of Marshall Mitchel, Rebecca Andrews and Patricia Turner."
The chaplain, in a jesting way, said, "Since I have a captive audience the Bible says ......"
He spoke for about ten minutes to the audience about marriage and partnership and gave scriptures out of the Bible.
The chaplain turned towards us and he asked, "Who gives these women to be married?"
Jake spoke up loud enough for everyone to hear, "Her mother and I."
When the chaplain turned towards us and addressed Beth, Kim and me, I was in another world with my true loves by my side. Kim poked me and I returned to present just in time to hear the chaplain say, "Dan, you may speak your vows."
I stepped back one step and had both Kim and Beth turn and face me. We all joined hands before I started to speak my part of the vows, which all three of us had agreed upon. Kim was next to speak her part followed immediately by Beth. When Beth finished both of them turned back and the three of us once again face the chaplain.
That's when he asked, "Dan, do you take Kim and Beth to be your wedded wives, to love and cherish for as long as you live?"
I replied, "I do!"
The chaplain asked Beth and Kim the same question and each of them responded with, "I do."
He turned and picked up our rings off the small stand behind him which was covered with a black velvet cloth. He held up all three of our rings and said, "These rings are a symbol of love. They have no beginning or an ending. Dan I hold three rings. There is a ring for each of your brides, please present them to your brides."
I stepped back again and had Beth and Kim turn towards me. I looked at both rings in my hand and slipped Beth's ring on her finger just past the first digit. I turned slightly and did the same to Kim. Then I reached out with both hands and as I slid the ring on each finger, I said, "With this ring, I thee wed."
The chaplain handed the other ring to Beth. Beth moved over and had Kim put her fingers on the ring and as they slid the ring on my finger they said in unison, "With this ring, I thee wed."
We stayed in our position as the chaplain stepped forward and said, "Bless this trio and may they live in harmony, unity, love and happiness from this day forward.
The three of us remained where we were standing however we turned slightly and watched the chaplain perform the same ceremony for Marsh, Trish and Becca. The only difference between the two ceremonies is at the end the chaplain introduced Marsh, Rebecca, and Patricia Mitchel
It took less than a half hour to marry both trios. When the wedding ceremonies were finished the string quintet played a recessional and the chaplain led Beth, Kim and me, closely followed by Marsh, Becca and Trish. Both Marsh and I were between our brides.
At the back of the amphitheater Leyanni directed us to the place where the receiving line would be held. She aligned us the way she wanted. One of the young girls handed each of us a cold bottle of water before the line started to form. Beth looked around and spotted Terri, Jenna and Hanna. Then she saw Leyanni lead them towards the receiving line and position them next to Beth. Kim called out to Jake and Kathy and had them stand next to Hanna.
Trish moved forward quickly and pulled Jimmy over to the receiving line so he could stand next to her.
The attendees started through the line and those who didn't know each other, introductions were made personally. The line was long and even some of the Turner employees came through the line and congratulated all of the newly-weds.
After everyone had gone through the receiving line, over on the side Giuseppe, Victor and Antonio started a conversation with Marsh about Tony Jr. and who killed him. There was some discussion for a few minutes before I saw Joanna walk over and join in. She was welcomed into the conversation and soon they were kissing and hugging her. After a few more minutes there was plenty of laughter so I went back to paying attention of the guests.
Audrey Banks, her boyfriend Frank, followed by Katie and a large fellow named Mike came through the line. Audrey didn't shake my hand, she stepped close as possible to me and hugged me. She looked into my eyes for a second before she leaned in and quietly said in my ear, "Dan, thank you so much for bringing us to this place. I was nervous taking my clothes off especially with Frank in the room. Now, oh my God, this is so surreal. Thank you again and I know Frank is a happier person now too." Frank shook my hand and smiled at me as Audrey moved on.
Katie followed Frank through the line and like Audrey, Katie stepped close to me and pressed her small boobs tight against my chest. She leaned her head against my chest a few seconds before she whispered in my ear, "Dan do you remember what you said to me on the plane about loving my small boobs?"
"Yes ..... yes I do. I'll always love small boobs."
Katie whispered, "Mike loves small boobs too. I'm feeling so good about myself today, it's unreal. Because of you, I have more self-confidence."
I turned my head and whispered in her ear, "You are just as beautiful as everyone else."
Without missing a beat, Katie stepped back and said, "Dan, I'd like you to meet Mike, he works for Marsh. I met him last night in the rec hall and we decided to hang out. Mike has many interesting stories to tell. The best part is he's a perfect gentleman."
I shook hands with Mike as he congratulated me and leaned in to say, "Mr. Morrison, you and Marsh are truly amazing fellows. I had trouble keeping one wife and today I watched each of you marry two of the most beautiful women a guy can lay eyes on. If you don't mind me saying, both Kim and Beth have smokin' hot bodies."
I smiled and thanked Mike for the compliments. Katie injected as she looked between Kim and Beth, "I am so happy for you and Beth and your marriage is like a dream. I hope I can find a man to love me like that someday."
"Katie, the secret to true love is to find a man who loves and adores you. You'll have to shop around and don't settle for someone who meets only part of your expectations. The right man for you is out there somewhere."
Katie smiled as she said, "Thanks to your family, I'm going to add nudist to my list of traits my man should have. I can't believe in just one day my life has changed so much. You guys rock! I really want to learn more about being nudist and I think I discovered I have a little bit of exhibitionist in me too. I love people looking at my naked body."
Kim moved over next to Katie and hugged her as she whispered in her ear, "I'm glad you enjoy our nudist lifestyle but be careful showing your body in places that aren't nudist areas. There are men who will take advantage of you or even rape you. If you want to be nude when we get back, you're welcome to come to our home."
Katie hugged Kim tightly and said, "Yes, I'll be careful, I promise. Right now, I have Mike to protect me. Thanks for the open invitation; I'd love to come to your house."
Without another word Mike and Katie moved on and I saw Kim watch them.
The receiving line in the flower garden came to the end. Leyanni and Terri were there to instruct everyone to walk the short distance to the reception area. With me in the middle, Kim on my left and Beth on my right, surrounded by family and friends we walked over to the reception area.
Beth looked around and was amazed to see the decorations and all the tables filled with food. There was a very large hard wood dance floor that had been laid on top of the sand. She and Kim giggled like school girls. A few minutes later Leyanni and Terri started to walk by us and Beth ran up to Leyanni and hugged and kissed her then turned on Terri with hugs and kisses. She thanked both of them profusely.
The loud speakers sparked to life when Marsh said, "I'd like to thank everyone for coming here today to celebrate the love that Dan Morrison and I have the privilege of sharing, with our soul mates. I know it was short notice for most of you. Even the beautiful lady that made the original plans for this trip had no idea just how big this day would turn out to be."
"Thank you Beth Morrison for getting this event in motion. Thank you Dan Morrison for instigating her."
"I hope you all have fun here today. This event was not part of the initial plans. For those of you who don't know, Beth Morrison was Beth Thompson as lately as this morning, when she woke up in the cabin of my boat, theFrom Elise."
"As it turns out, Beth proposed to my friend Dan Morrison, only yesterday. He seems to have accepted, with conditions. Those had to do with whether or not a wedding could be arranged on short notice."
"At this time I would like my resort manager, Leyanni Lau, and Dan Morrison's estate manager, Terri Powell-Morrison to come up here with me."
Leyanni and Terri both turned red through the total bronze of their normal skin tones. They walked up hand in hand, to where Marsh stood.
"Leyanni started the process. She sent me to pick up Beth's family. Then she and Terri got to work to make this an event to be remembered. I think they were wildly successful. Would you give it up for Leyanni Lau and Terrie Powell-Morrison?"
The crowd erupted in applause and cheers which lasted at least a couple of minutes. Meanwhile Leyanni and Terri blushed as they timidly waved at everyone.
Marsh once again talked to everyone as he reminisced a little about his past before he walked towards the back of the stage and picked up his guitar. His sister Rosalea walked up from the back of the stage when Marsh introduced her and told everyone she was going to accompany him with the song he was going to sing to Trish and Becca.
He went on to introduce the song by Alan Jackson who he told us he had the privilege of meeting. The name of the song he was going to sing with his sister Rosie was,Like Red On a Rose.
Marsh picked a few cords on his guitar and then played a short intro before the band joined in. Marsh moved over and sat in front of Trish and Becca as he sang. Marsh's baritone voice blended perfectly with his sister's alto harmonies.
When Marsh and Rosie finished singing, Marsh stayed where he was and stared into the eyes of his two loves, Trish and Becca, as the audience erupted once again in applause and cheers. When the applause died down, Marsh stood up and walked to the back of the stage where Rosie handed Marsh the headset she had been wearing.
Marsh announced that he would like to have Jimmy Turner, Jake Thompson and me to come up on stage. As we were walking up the steps he asked Kim and Beth Morrison to come up and join with Jake and then turned to Trish and Becca and asked them to join with Jimmy.
Marsh took off his headset and handed it to me. He put on the headset that Rosie gave him and I looked at him wondering what the difference was. Marsh didn't say a word when he saw my questioning look.
Marsh walked back to the front and center of the stage before he said into the boom mic attached to his headset, "Earlier today, Dan asked the band if they knewButterfly Kisseswritten by Bob Carlisleand if they would mind if he sang it as a father and daughter dance. Our band leader, Leyland told him that this was the most requested dance song at all weddings."
"I've made an executive decision un-aware to Dan; I'm going to play along with the band. However we are one person short up here, I'd like to ask Jenna Morrison to please come up here and join her father and my friend Dan Morrison."
"Dan you had a hand held mic this morning when you practiced but with the headset boom mic, you can sing and dance with your lovely daughter for this father/daughter dance."
Again, applause rose from the audience as Jenna made her way up on stage to join me. When she reached me, she wrapped her arms around me and whispered in my ear, "I love you dad and we can do this together."
I looked towards the back of the stage and saw Leyland's wife wearing her headset. It looked like we were ready and she was going to sing backup with me.
The band played a short intro and I looked at Marsh saying, "Thank you Marsh."
When the intro finished, I started to sing as I hugged Jenna and we danced to - - -
There's two things I know for sure She was sent here from heaven And she's daddy's little girl As I drop to my knees by her bed at night She talks to Jesus and I close my eyes And I thank God for all of the joy in my life Oh but most of all
For butterfly kisses after bedtime prayer Stickin' little white flowers all up in her hair Walk beside the pony daddy it's my first ride I know the cake looks funny daddy but I sure tried.......
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
I sang the whole song while I held my daughter close to me. Probably the hardest thing I've ever done was singButterfly Kisseswhile dancing so close to Jenna, without having my voice crack. I will admit I had tears streaming down my cheeks just like Jenna and everyone else. I looked around and saw even Jimmy Turner wiping his eyes ....
Kim and Beth were still hugging Jake even after the song was long finished. Jenna looked up at me again and said, "I love you to the moon and back daddy. You are the best daddy a girl could ever ask for."
Terri caught my eye from down on the sand and held up a champagne glass and I realized what she wanted immediately. "Ladies and gentlemen, and anyone else, who doesn't fall into either of those categories, please find a drink of your choice so we can have a toast."
Leyanni and Terri brought a bottle of champagne and Martinelli's sparkling fruit juice along with some glasses up on the stage. The drinks were poured and I turned to the audience and said, "Neither Marsh or I had a best man per-se, I guess I'll be Marsh's best man and offer him and his brides a toast."
With all of us standing up on the stage, I raised my glass saying, "To a man whom I met recently and discovered we might be brothers from different mothers." The group on the sand cheered loudly so I waited for them to quiet down.
"To the redhead whom I didn't realize was a redhead, the first time I saw her ...."
Marsh coughed loudly and I quickly realized I was headed down the wrong road so I continued with, "because I was so fascinated by her beautiful body, her flaming red hair was the last thing I saw .... if you know what I mean..."
Everyone standing by their table and on the dance floor laughed loudly. Becca stepped forward and took a bow before she said, "Some men say I have a charming persona, some think I'm beautiful and some never get to form an opinion. Dan is lucky, he's right in the middle."
"Now where was I? Oh, Marsh is a very lucky man to have married such beautiful young ladies and in my opinion, he certainly married up."
"I propose a toast to Marsh and his gorgeous brides. May they have good health and live long and happy lives together! May they remain as happy as they are today."
The crowd roared, "Here - Here!" immediately followed by each person taking a sip of their chosen drink.
When the commotion died down, Marsh stepped forward and looked around the stage and then looked out at all of the people gathered. Marsh cleared his throat before he said, "TODAY, all of us up here on stage are honored to be surrounded by family and friends. I'm sure I talk for all of us when I say all of you have helped make this day complete. Thank you."
"Now, it's my turn to toast a man and his wives who are not only friends but also my neighbors......"
"As a number of Dan's friends are aware, I visited Dan's home before he and I met. After the mess I made in his kitchen, it is with great admiration for him and his wives that I can proudly say Dan's wives are the most understanding women I've had the pleasure to meet, and I hope no one tells his insurance company who I am."
There was applause, laughter, and whistles from a lot of Dan's friends and some of Marsh's family, and looks of confusion from several of his family members.
"Dan I raise my glass in a toast to you, your beautiful wives, and to a long friendship for all of us.
Once again the crowd roared, "Here - Here!" and immediately took a sip of their drink.
Marsh, Becca, Trish and Jimmy joined with us as we congratulated each other before we broke up into two family groups.
I took off the headset and handed it to Leyland before Jenna and I walked over to Jake, Kim and Beth. I kissed and hugged both Kim and Beth while Jake hugged and kissed Jenna. Jake looked at me for a second before he said, "What the hell, come here son, you get a hug too."
I smiled saying, "As long as you don't grab my ass in front of all these people, you can hug me."
Beth slapped my ass and said, "Get over there and give daddy a hug. I love to see two men who are able to drop that macho thing and enjoy the moment."
While Jake hugged me and welcomed me to his family, Kim, Beth and Jenna formed a trio saying, "ohh la-la!"
Becca and Trish were on the other side of us when Becca called out, "Now that's how men should hug. None of this man-hug stuff, you have to get right in there and squeeze.
Jake and I turned so we were looking at our agitators before I asked, "Are the five of you jealous?"
We shared some laughs while the girls giggled. The girls rushed over to Jake and me and each of us received plenty of hugs and kisses.
When we walked down the steps back to the sand, Kevin was right there to take Jenna in his arms and kiss her. I smiled as I watched the love Kevin seemed to have for our daughter.
Marsh handed his guitar to Carlos, the lead guitar player for the band, and then joined Jimmy, Trish and Becca near the front of the stage. Marsh hugged and kissed Trish and Becca before they walked down the steps, to the sand.
We, as in my family were standing near the bottom of the steps when Marsh, Jimmy, Becca and Trish came off the stage and all of us hugged and kissed and congratulated each other.
We talked for a few minutes before one of Marsh's friends tapped his arm and begged forgiveness for interrupting. Marsh and Becca stepped away follow by Jimmy and Trish. It wasn't long before Marsh was surrounded with his friends and family. They were soon engaged in a conversation about the past, present and future.
Beth, Kim and I were also surrounded by our family and friends and congratulations were echoed over and over again. Everyone expressed their happiness for us and they wished us a long happy life together. Like Marsh, our group opened a conversation which covered the past, present and the future.
Beth, Kim and I assured everyone that nothing had or was going to change. When we got home our lives would be the same as when we left. Suddenly Kathy spoke up loud enough for everyone to hear, "Hear that Thompsons, remember to keep a bag moderately packed because Dan Morrison may send a plane to pick us up in the middle of chores!" Everyone exploded in laughter.
After we had vacated the stage, the band immediately started playing their first set and the dance floor was loaded with people. That was just the beginning to a very long party. In between each of the band sets, Holly played music so people could continue to dance.
There was plenty of food and fruit available to everyone along with beverages of all kinds. For those who didn't partake in the alcoholic beverages there was a wide variety of juices and of course Martinelli's sparkling juice drinks. We ate, we drank and we enjoyed the festivities.
My family and I spent a lot of time on the dance floor, sometimes moving rapidly to the "fast" songs. When the "slow" songs were played, I pulled the person I was dancing with close to my body and I didn't see anyone else with space between them. As the afternoon progressed some of the Te preus were taken off and hung on the individual's chair. There were more nude people than there were people still in their Te preus and sandals.
I was talking to Jake, Tony, Tom and Ted when I felt a tap on my shoulder. I turned around and saw Marsh's smiling face. In a quiet voice I said, "OH - OH, guys this can't be good. We are being stalked by some of the most dangerous people in the world."
All five of us laughed at my remark with Marsh interrupted me saying, "You should be glad I like you Dan, and you to Ted. Tony, Jake and Tom, you're off the hook on this one." Marsh jokingly replied.
"Do you want us to leave so you can talk" Tom asked.
I replied, "No, stay here, this won't take long, I'm sure."
Marsh began with, "I came over here to talk some business. However, since it's our wedding day, I think we should make this decision together. I asked Becca to go find Joanna."
Marsh then explained what Mama Vicky had proposed to him.
Marsh acknowledged the fact that Joanna was still a cop and couldn't receive the reward money while still employed by the city. He continued by saying, "If Joanna made the final commitment to work for Turner Security Division, she could receive the money."
"Her two weeks isn't technically finished, Marsh," Ted said when Marsh finished speaking. "But, I think we can let that slide, if everyone agrees. This would be a nice place to give her the recognition she deserves."
Marsh turned to me with a sly grin, "Dan, I was thinking I'd have Leyanni take a couple of her guys with her and bring a briefcase down from the safe. We can put the money back in the safe after the presentation. We'll explain to Joanna the case is just for show, here in Hawaii. She'll get the real thing when we get home."
There was some discussion in the group and everyone was in agreement that Joanna should be recognized. Everyone else in the group agreed.
"Marsh," I said as I put my hand on his arm, "I want to be a participant, since she was covering my ass at the time all this happened."
"I wouldn't have it any over way." Marsh told me.
Marsh was looking around and when he spotted Leyanni, he excused himself and moved off towards her.
In the meantime Becca found Joanna sitting with John Donnelly, Paul Johnson and their wives. She was invited to join the little group.
"Hey Becca," Joanna quipped. "These guys know a lot about your husband that I didn't. I'm learning a bunch of cool stuff."
Becca joined the discussion and enjoyed sharing some information with the others. When there was a slight break in the conversation Becca turned to Joanna and asked her, "So Joanna, have these law enforcement officers given you enough information about Marsh to convince you to take our offer and come to work for the Turner Security Company?"
"Oh Becca," Joanna replied. "They certainly haven't given me any information that would deter me, but I decided to take Marsh's offer a couple days ago. There's no way I'm going to go back to jail duty when you and Marsh will pay me so much more money to do a job I have already fallen in love with. And to think Mary had to talk me into staying at the Morrison's estate while they were in Germany. I was never exposed to all the nudism stuff so I hesitated. Boy, am I glad I took her offer."
Paul Johnson cocked his head, and looked at Joanna. "So much more?" he quizzed. "Just how much is Marsh going to pay you? I may have to see if he has any more openings."
"Hey now," John Donnelly jumped into the fray. "Becca, don't you go recruiting one of my best deputies at your wedding reception. Marsh told me you are his executive VP, and you probably have very deep pockets, but I can't afford to start losing my best officers to the private sector. Even though, you're working with one of my best deputies, already."
Becca laughed as she turned to John's wife. "Sandy, would you like to come to work for me? In your place, you can probably have access to all the best deputies. You can be my west coast recruiter."
Everyone was laughing now except for John. "Oh sure!" he cried. You're gonna even turn my wife against me? I'm screwed!"
Now Becca looked from Sandy to John with a wicked smile. "I think that could be arranged," she retorted. The laughter went on.
******************
It was almost a half hour before Leyanni arrived back at the reception area, flanked by two very large men. Both of them had broad shoulders, trim waists and very muscular legs. Each of them had full bronze tans. Leyanni looked like a shrimp sandwiched between them.
Marsh had already told Jimmy what he was planning to do so all the key people knew. When Marsh saw Leyanni arrive in her cart, he walked over and greeted her. Marsh led the way towards the stage with Leyanni carrying the briefcase still sandwiched between the two huge guys. When they got to the stage Marsh signaled Leyland and when he finished the song he was singing, they took a break.
When the song ended, Marsh and his small entourage walked up the steps and he met Leyland center stage. Leyland handed Marsh a microphone. Marsh put it up to his mouth and asked, "May I have everyone's attention, please?" Marsh waited for most everyone to end their conversations and turn their attention to the stage.
"I need some assistance for this part of our celebration." He announced. "I'd like Dan Morrison to join me up here. I'd also like my executive vice president, Rebecca Mitchel to come up and bring one of our newest employees Joanna Doyle with her."
Everyone looked around and watched for the specified people to get up and move to the stage.
Joanna turned and bowed her head towards Becca. "Oh shit!" she whispered. What the hell did you get me into now, Becca? I'mNOTon the program."
Becca stood up and took Joanna by the hand, lifting her to her feet, and led her toward the stage. She smiled a wicked smile at her victim and softly told her, "You may not think you are on the program, but you are certainly on the menu, girlfriend."
Marsh began to speak again as I walked up the steps. I turned and waited with everyone else on the stage for Becca and Joanna. "I'd like y'all to give a big round of applause to a genuine hero. Miss Joanna Doyle!" Everyone applauded even though most of them had no idea why. Joanna turned red from the top of her face to her navel, which was as far as anyone could see.
Kim took Beth's hand and the two of them made their way to where Ted and Marion were sitting. Kim looked at Ted and asked, "Ted, do you know what's going on? Did you have anything to do with this?"
Ted put on his best, innocent, hurt little boy look. "Kim, how could you think these thoughts? I had absolutelyNOTHINGto do with this. And you'll see that I could not have even started to run in this circle." Kim's face reflected her skepticism, she was sure Ted was withholding evidence.
Everyone looked at me when Marsh handed me the microphone. After taking the mic I looked around the stage and then out at everyone and gave them a brief explanation of how Joanna had come to work on the Morrison estate. I then gave a less than detailed account about the morning our house was broken into and how Joanna led the charge to stop the intruders. I looked directly at Joanna when I said, "I am very proud to have you as a friend. I know you have told me you were just doing your job when you protected our home from those intruders but you did so much more than your job. You put down one of the most treacherous, malicious and violent mercenaries in the world, thereby saving the lives of many people, by your actions. Because of your training, you stepped up to the challenge and kicked ass."
"My saying thank you seems so minute to the brave actions you took that morning."
When I finished my glowing praise, there was a loud roar of applause and some whistles from the group assembled. I saw Joanna smile and shyly wave to everyone as her skin color deepened another shade of red.
"I also want to say before I hand this mic back, Joanna had plenty of back up that morning of the break-in. Tony Williams, his wife Patty, sisters Beth and Barbie were also in the house and all four of them were armed. I want everyone to know they also played a part in protecting our home."
When I finished speaking and handed the mic back, Marsh took it and immediately asked the Martinellis to come up on the stage. He knew that some of them wouldn't be inclined to just walk up in front of a crowd, so he named each of them and asked them individually to join him.
Marsh began to speak as the last Martinelli, Uncle Joey, walked on the stage. "I know at least some of you have heard of the family that I grew up in. I want you to know about the good, strong, happy childhood I experienced." He went on to explain about his parents and how he came to live with the Martinelli family.
Marsh handed the microphone to Papa Victor, who looked very uncomfortable. After a pause he began to speak. "Mama Vicky and I are very proud of the man that Marshall has grown into. Not long ago Marshall called and told Mama that he had something to tell us, and that he would be at our house for lunch the next day. Victoria was elated, and of course when Mama is happy, I am happy, too."
"We had no idea what Marshall had to tell us, but we were just happy to have our boy coming home for lunch. We thought Marshall was just driving out from the Inland Empire of SoCal. Victoria made Marshall's favorite meal, and my brothers and our other son came to lunch as well. After we finished with lunch, Marshall asked us to join him in the den, where he loaded a disc into the DVD player. I would like Victoria to tell you what we saw."
Papa Victor handed the microphone to his wife.
"I'd like you all to know, that Mama knows her boys. I could tell that Marshall did not have good news for us, but he kept up a very brave face, considering what we saw next."
"The DVD was a copy of the view from several security cameras at the Best Western Turner Inn, where the mother of Marsh's deceased wife was working at the front desk."
"Three men came in and attacked her. One of those men was my grandson, and within seconds, Marshall entered the picture, along with his K-9, and killed my grandson and his friends."
That night my nephew Tony Martinelli, with six more of his friends entered the home of Marshall's neighbor. Marshall entered the house just after my nephew, and Marshall and his partner neutralized five of the seven intruders. Two of the men got past Marshall and his partner and were taken down by the young lady on the stage here with us. Joanna Doyle, will you please come over here with me?"
"Today the Martinelli family would like to reward Joanna for her part in neutralizing a man that had become a problem for the family. Antonio, will you join me as well, and bring the briefcase."
"Members of the family had decided to buy a contract on my nephew. Tony was known to many of you that are here asThe Butcher."
"Joanna, a contract onThe Butcherwould have cost our family a very large amount of money. We would like to reward you for your courage in facingThe Butcher, and the skills you demonstrated. My brother-in-law is holding a briefcase with a small token of our appreciation. If you don't want to take all two and a half million dollars home with you on the plane, Marshall has assured me that you may leave it here in his safe, and he will arrange a transfer into a bank account of your choosing back on the mainland."
As Mama Vicky finished, Uncle Tony opened the briefcase, and Joanna gasped, and her bright red flush turned pale. She probably would have fallen on the floor if Becca had not followed her and was behind her to catch and steady her.
There was an audible collective gasp from everyone in attendance and you then could have heard the proverbial pin drop, even in the sand.
Uncle Tony took the microphone from Mama Vicky. "Joanna, I want to assure you that I am not angry with you, but I am grateful. Tony's mother and I were at a loss to find a way to help our son. We were never able to do that and my wife died in part out of the grief Tony caused her. Joanna, if you ever need anything. And I do meananything! You have a very grateful father who will take care of you."
Mary was sitting at a table with Shelly, Jenna, and Hanna. Looking at Shelly, Mary whispered, "a small token?" Damn Shelly, can you imagine what a large token would be?"
Shelly's mouth hung open. "God Damn, she replied. "I guess that butcher fellow really was a bad man. I had no idea. I'm glad it was Joanna in the house and not me that morning."
Mary looked at Shelly and replied; "Shelly, you weren't there when Dan, Ted, and I first met "Judy". She told us thatThe Butcherwas the worst of the worst. The guy Joanna killed was the devil in the form of a man."
Mary looked at Terri and Hanna, both of them were ashen white and trembling having heard what Joanna did at their house while they were in Germany. Up until that moment, they had only been told about the break-in and not about Joanna killing someone. Mary recognized their fear by the look in their eyes and moved to their side of the table immediately. The second Mary started to comfort them; Shelly jumped up and moved over next to Hanna.
They held the girls and talked to them telling them that everything was going to be ok. Ted looked at the girls and then tapped Marion, Kim and Beth. The four of them surrounded both girls while Mary and Shelly talked to them. Mary offered to take them back to their cabin but both of them wanted to stay. It took a little while for them to settle down.
Meanwhile up on stage, Joanna closed the briefcase and turned to Becca. "Would you and Leyanni take me to the safe? I don't want this here with me." She turned back to Uncle Tony then and gasped. "Uncle Tony, I'm sorry I didn't say thank you till now. You kinda took my breath and my brain away. This is way more than I could have ever imagined. I didn't do this for a reward, I did what I thought was my job. I was protecting my friends. You really didn't need to do this."
Antonio Martinelli had some moisture in the corners of his eyes as he replied. "I know Joanna. The true heroes never think of themselves as heroes. They just do what needs to be done. Unfortunately most of them never get the true recognition they deserve. We're glad you're alive and are here to receive the recognition you deserve. Tony would not have paused even a split second to think about killing you. I am grateful to be able to meet you and show you our gratitude."
Leyanni, Becca, and Joanna went to Leyanni's golf cart, and accompanied by the two Turner Security gorillas, Leyanni took them up to the office. Leyanni opened the safe, and Joanna put the briefcase on a shelf inside. Becca, Leyanni, and Joanna left the office, got in Leyanni's cart, and returned to the wedding celebration.
******************
Mary signaled for me when I came off the stage and I walked over to the small group. I looked at Terri and Hanna and saw their eyes were red from crying. I instantaneously asked what was the problem and Terri blurted out, "Dad, from now on, we have no more secrets between us. We just learned what really happened while we were in Germany and it scared the shit out of me all over again. Dad, I knew there was something you weren't telling us but please don't do that again. I want it straight and upfront from now on."
I walked around the table and both girls stood up and hugged me immediately. I apologized for not telling them what really happened but I followed it up by saying, "I was only trying to protect both of you because you've been through so much already. If you want me to be straight forward with both of you from now on, I want both of you to know, I will protect you with every fiber of my being. You both are my girls now and I love you."
I shared hugs and kisses with both of them and asked them if they were going to be ok. Hanna spoke first, "It was just a shock dad hearing all that. I'll be fine because I know we have the best protection ever. YOU!"
"Yeah, but don't you forget what I said MISTER," Terri sounded off. "I want to be one of the first to know what's going on and I'll deal with it in my own way. No more sugar coating anything for me or Hanna. Got that?"
"Yes ma'am," I replied with a salute. "I'll keep both of you in the loop."
Mary, Shelly, Marion, Kim and Beth took turns hugging Terri and Hanna before Ted asked Hanna to dance with him. Mary asked Terri to dance with her and I looked at Beth saying, "I don't believe we've shared more than one dance all day. Come on, let's boogey."
Beth and I danced at least four times, two of which were fast songs and just as we were leaving the dance floor, to take a break. Jake and Kim caught up and joined us as we reached the sand. We found a table to sit at, and a waitress came by and took drink orders.
Jake looked at me with a serious face. "Dan," he asked. "Does this Marshall Mitchel belong to the mafia? It sounded to me like he said his mother and those guys on the stage with him are part of a mob family."
Jake was startled when a voice he recognized came from behind him. "Jake, if you want to sit in judgment, the short answer is yes. If you are the man I think you are, you'd like to hear the whole story, and I'd be happy to tell you the long version if you would like to hear it." Marsh stepped to the end of the table, and sat down.
Jake looked from Marsh to me before he responded. "Marsh, I may be a farmer from a small country town, but I have always tried to be fair with everyone. I have time to listen to the long version if you are inclined to take the time to tell it to me."
"It's a deal." Marsh said. "I'll tell you how I fit in a "mob" family." Marsh gave the waitress his order for a tall glass of strawberry lemonade, and then began to tell Jake the long version.
Marsh began his story around his tenth birthday. He told Jake almost all the details as he remembered them in chronological order. His face showed some sadness when he told about the last time he saw his father. His voice was almost a whisper when he spoke about his mother and the last time he saw her.
After his mother didn't come and pick him up from school Marsh explained he lived with both Marguarita and Mama Vicky until Marguarita had to go to the hospital to give birth to his little sister.
He told Jake how his best friend Mario's family became his family and Mario's uncles Antonio and Giuseppe became his uncles. Marsh reminisced about going to ball games both in California and in New York. He added in the fact that Uncle Joey took them to the beach, many times.
"Mama Vicky made sure I studied and did my homework. I was smart enough to get good grades, so high school and college went surprisingly well."
He told Jake he missed his real mother and father but as time went on, he thought less and less about them on a regular basis. Marsh continued by saying when he was fourteen, Uncle Joey took him and Mario to Vietnam where they studied martial arts with an older guy who became their mentor and friend.
Marsh was very thorough as he talked about his life with the Martinelli family. He also gave Jake some background on the entire family.
He added the information how Dr. James Turner came to know the Martinelli brothers when he had to patch their wounds in Vietnam.
Marsh finished his long version of his life with, "I put myself through med school with my pilot's license. I started investing in tax lean properties and drug seizures while I was in my residency, and by the time I finished and got my FACEP (Fellow of the American College of Emergency Physicians) certification I was already pretty well healed."
"I will always be grateful for my Martinelli family roots. Mama Vicky, Papa Victor, Uncle Tony, and Uncle Joey gave me many opportunities that a lot of orphan kids never have had. They also taught me right from wrong and taught me to work hard but also smart. I am who and where I am today because I have a wonderful family support system."
"So you see Jake," Marsh finished. "The short answer isyes!"
Beth was overwhelmed when Marsh finished his story and asked him if she could hug him. Of course Marsh accepted the offer and when Beth rounded the corner of the table, Marsh was standing and ready to receive Beth in his arms. As they hugged Beth said, "I knew about your Becky and Elise, but I had no idea you had lost your parents and at a young age. You have made me much more grateful for my loving parents and my close family."
Marsh choked up a little as he said, "I'm OK now Beth. The Martinellis and Marguarita did right by me. Now that I have Jimmy's resources at my disposal, I'm going to try to find out just what did happen to my parents."
Marsh looked at Jake with a wicked smile as he said, "And Jake,The Butchermay be gone now, but if you need a mafia hit man you just let me know. We still have assets." Everyone at the table had a good laugh.
When Marsh finished hugging Beth, Trish, who had been standing behind Marsh while he told his story, turned him around then kissed and hugged him tightly, as she said, "Now I know a little more about my wonderful man too, Beth.
"How 'bout a dance with my special man?" Trish cooed, as she batted her eye lashes.
"I can't think of a way any man in his right mind could turn down an offer like that." Marsh replied. "Excuse us, please?" he said to the friends at the table as he and Trish made their way to the dance floor.
******************
The Turner North Shore Resort was in the habit of throwing parties, aka luaus. They had all the right equipment set up in an outdoor kitchen. There was a barbeque pit and a large smoker to take care of food that needed to be cooked. The chef on this day had a pig on the rotisserie in the barbeque pit and in the smoker there was a half of a beef. Mesquite wood, which was brought in from Arizona was burning in the smoker.
The chef had planned for everyone to be ready to eat around 1730 hours (5:30 pm) and his calculations were perfect. He had carved off plenty of pork and beef which was placed on several large platters. Waitress and waiters scurried around and placed everything on the tables.
Leyanni walked up on the stage and picked up a microphone at the end of Leyland's set. She announced the food was ready and encouraged all the guests to walk around the food tables and choose what they wanted. She told everyone there was enough food and anyone who went away hungry it was because of their own choosing.
Word had been sent up to the rec hall for Jen and Bri to bring the children down to the beach so they could get something to eat. The noise of the party had quieted down momentarily so we heard the excited voices of the younger children as the rushed towards us. Bri and Jen followed the group so they could make sure all the children in their care made it to the right place. The children joined up with their parents who took them to the food tables to get something to eat.
Now, it was more noticeable that many people had taken off their Te preu especially amongst our family and friends. We are nudists so it felt more natural and comfortable to be nude. Besides, Leyanni had shed her Te preu shortly after all the formal happenings were finished.
There was plenty of light conversation at each table, while everyone enjoyed their meal. I sat with my family and friends, Beth sat on one side of me and Kim on the other. It wasn't like there was a division between the two groups it's just that we mingled with people we knew best. However, many of us wandered around and introduced ourselves to the other guests being there were no formal introductions of who's who in attendance.
As I looked around during a brief interruption in the conversation, I saw Marsh was doing the same thing. As his head turned towards me, our eyes locked on each other and both of us smiled a content smile. Both of us nodded our head in acknowledgement and then we continued to survey all the people who had attended our weddings.
My mind drifted back to how all this came about and I realized if - that was a big IF - we had gone to the original resort that Beth had booked for us, also - IF - Beth hadn't asked Leyanni the all-important question about a wedding, none of this would be happening right now. I don't really believe in KARMA but this was the day of all days of my life.
I was brought out of my daydream when Kim and Beth tapped me on my arms while asking, "Are you alright Dan?"
I looked at each one and responded, "Absolutely, why did you ask that?"
"Because we each said something to you and all you did was stare straight ahead." Beth added.
"That's because," I said, "I was reminiscing about how all this came about. Do you understand the magnitude of what's happened to us in a very short time? Beth and I moved into the top slot at our company and the original resort we were going to stay in had a tragic fire. Becca helped Beth by introducing her to Leyanni and we came to this resort and now, here we sit, a married threesome, our good friends Marsh Becca and Trish were married today with us and all of our friends and family are here to help celebrate. Can you imagine? Everything has been so fast paced and I love it."
Joe Bailey was standing behind me, ready to congratulate us, but stopped and listened to what I said. When I finished he tapped me on the shoulder and said, "Dan, I want to congratulate you Beth and Kim and I hope you have many years of shared love."
I stood up and hugged Joe and thanked him. When I finished, Kim and Beth took turns hugging and kissing him. Kim reached down between her and Joe when she kissed him and hefted his cock. Joe jumped back but Kim held him firmly as she whispered, "One day real soon, I'm going to want this. I hope you're willing to share."
Joe pulled back and looked into Kim's eyes, "Yes ma'am, I will share. Oh God, this is so strange to me. Here I am naked with hundreds of people around, which I'm not used to and now you're making me an offer, I would be a fool to turn down."
"OH NO, I'm getting hard, may I sit down so no one else will see it."
Kim looked down at her hand and sure enough, Joe was not getting hard, he was at full staff. Once again Kim whispered, "Come on, sit down beside me."
I tried to include Joe in conversation but he was too nervous thinking someone would see his hard-on. Kim picked up a napkin and handed it to Joe as she started stroking his cock. With a bad case of nerves preventing an immediate ejaculation, Kim had to work on him for almost ten minutes before Joe groaned quietly, "Please, don't stop Kim. I'm so close."
"I have no intention of stopping Joe. Just think about us having sex someday. Joe, I'm going to spread my legs and you'll be able to see my wet pussy......" Kim stopped talking and worked Joe's cock as he held the napkin and blew his load.
When he was finished cuming, Kim picked up another napkin and cleaned her hand while Joe cleaned himself. Joe looked at Kim and thanked her profusely. Kim smiled, "Joe as I said, one day you are going to enjoy much more than just my hand."
Joe stayed and talked to us for a while and then excused himself when he saw Mary walk towards a bathroom. We watched Joe's white body travel across the sand. Beth giggled and said, "I hope Mary is keeping him coated with sunscreen until he starts to tan."
"It would be a shame, to have his cock get sunburned." Kim added
I noticed all the children had gathered around a couple of tables and were having a discussion. They included, Bri and Jen, along with the resort residents who were with them for the day as they sat at the end of the table and listened. A couple of the kids who stood up and talked were John Simpson and Andy White. When they moved away from the tables, Brianne and one of the resort residents walked back towards the rec hall with the kids while Jen and the other resort resident walked over to Marsh.
Jen told Marsh that John and Andy had told them all about their very exciting boat ride the previous evening. Jen asked Marsh if there was any chance he could take all the kids out for a boat ride sometime later in the day. She didn't want to interrupt his wedding celebration.
Marsh told Jen his boat was small and would only fit a few kids at one time but Jimmy had a much larger boat that all the kids could fit on. He told her if she could talk Jimmy into taking the kids for a ride on his boat, Marsh told her he would take his boat out and they could switch between the two boats because his boat was faster than Jimmy's boat.
Before Jen could ask Jimmy if he would take the kids for a ride on his boat, he said, "That sounds like a workable plan, Marsh. Jen, how soon do you think you could get everyone down here and ready to go?"
"Oh my!" Jen exclaimed. "I'm pretty sure it wouldn't take long at all. I'll go up to the rec room and tell the ones who want to go out on the boats to get their asses down here."
Jen took off on a dead run towards the rec hall and soon she was back with twenty excited kids. They gathered around the table where Marsh and Jimmy were sitting. After they all calmed down a little, Marsh asked the kids to follow him and he headed for the stage. They had to wait a few minutes for Leyland to finish the song he was singing so their excitement and anticipation grew as they waited.
When the song was over Marsh told the group to follow him up on stage. Although they were fired up excited, they walked up the steps without any pushing or shoving and gathered around Marsh as he said into the mic, "I'd like the parents that are here to look up on the stage. If one or more of the children with me is yours, this announcement pertains to you."
"The children have asked Jimmy Turner and me to take them for a boat ride. If parents think that they should go with us, they have the first open space on the boats. Just so you are aware, Jimmy will be taking out the sixty foot Hatteras motor yacht, and I will be taking out the forty three foot Donzi. We will be stopping every now and then to allow people to switch from one boat to the other. Also so you will know, there are life jackets for all on board, and children under eighteen will be wearing a floatation device at all times."
"Also if your child is up here on the stage and you do not want them to go out in the boats, I will wait here at the stairs for a few minutes so you may come up and lodge your reluctance. If your children choose to disagree with you, I cannot insure your safety." There was a round of applause that started on the stage, and continued with the rest of the guests as they realized what Marsh was inferring. There was also a lot of laughter from the adults.
There were only about three parents who came up to the stage and asked Marsh if they could ride along with their kids. A few minutes later, a young couple who were Turner employees, walked over to Marsh and asked him if they could take their kids on the boat. Marsh readily agreed and the kids took off running to catch up with the other kids who were laughing and squealing with delight as they followed Jimmy towards the marina. Jimmy cautioned the kids not to go out on the dock until he had given them some instructions and rules. John and Andy arrived at the marina first and stood in front of the end of the dock.
Jimmy got everyone attention and explained some simple rules, no pushing or shoving, no running on the dock and no fooling around. He stressed that all the kids had to put on a life vest before they walked out on the dock. Jimmy assigned Andy to pass out the life vests and assigned John to help the kids put them on properly.
When everyone was ready, Jimmy led them out on the dock to the "Little Snot" and helped them all to get onboard. Marsh walked up to Jimmy and they talked about how and when they would switch the passengers on the open water. Once their plan was in place, Jimmy got on "Little Snot" and Marsh aboard "From Elise."
Each boat was untied and left the dock separately. Becca was at the helm of "From Elise" with Marsh, Trish, Jenni Turner, Sue Davies and Wendy Wilson. After leaving the marina Becca turned the big boat so she could give her passengers a tour of the shoreline from the resort to Ka Ena Point. Becca pointed out interesting landmarks as they drove by. It took about fifteen minutes to make it to the point.
Becca turned "From Elise" and raced across the water towards "Little Snot." When the two boats closed the distance between them, Marsh stood up behind Becca and reached around her to adjust the power trim, changing the drive angle of the big stainless steel propellers so a huge rooster tail shot up behind the boat as Becca passed Jimmy's boat.
Becca slowed the boat and turned it around and made her way back towards Jimmy's yacht. Becca heard Marsh and Jimmy's plan on how to switch passengers from one boat to the other so she maneuvered up to the back of the yacht and let Marsh do what he had to do to help the passengers back and forth.
When the first transfer was complete, John and Andy were a little disappointed when Marsh told them they would have to wait and be in the last group to switch. Trish assured them everyone would get a chance to ride on both boats.
When all of the kids had a chance to ride on both boats, Marsh had Becca back up to the yacht another time and Marsh had Andy and John come aboard the Donzi. It was just the two boys with Marsh, Becca and Trish and when everyone was seated, Becca expertly moved away from the yacht. Marsh stowed the fenders and once he was seated, Becca pushed the throttles full forward and the Donzi leapt out of the water nose up until it planed out and then it skimmed across the water at approximately one hundred and thirty miles an hour.
Jimmy watched as Becca arched her boat in a one hundred and eighty degree turn and saw she was going to come past his yacht. He picked up the mic and announced over the loud speakers for everyone to move inside unless they wanted to get wet.
Becca feathered the trim for the outdrives, and even though it slowed the Donzi's high speed she raced past the "Little Snot" at over ninety five miles per hour with a rooster tail that sprayed a wall of ocean water over the yacht.
When she was past the yacht Becca throttled the boat back and brought it to a stop. Becca knew why Marsh had made Andy and John wait. Becca turned in her captain's chair and signaled for John to come up to her. When John got near Becca stood up and moved so John could sit in the seat. Becca adjusted the seat for John so he could reach everything. She showed him how to use the shifters and the throttles. She asked John, "Are you ok? Do you think you can handle this big boat?"
With plenty of excitement showing in his face and goose-bumps on his skin, John looked around the cockpit and out through the windshield at nothing but water, he eventually said, "Yes ma'am, I'll start off slow."
John shifted the boat into gear and the boat started moving slowly forward. With one hand on the steering wheel and the other shaky hand on the throttles, John eased the throttles forward and the boat came to life and moved forward fast with the nose up in the air. He pushed the throttles forward, the boat moved faster and soon the nose came down. John suddenly realized he was piloting the boat across the water at approximately one hundred miles an hour. He moved both hands to the steering wheel and felt the power of the boat as well as his power of driving the boat. This was a new feeling, especially for a kid who couldn't even play outside his house without worrying that something might happen.
With the wind in his face, Marsh, Becca and Trish watched John go from a kid to a confident young man. He had complete control of the forty three foot boat and he was doing a fine job. They let him keep control for almost a half hour and their hearts swelled with pride as they watched him. John Simpson was not likely to forget this for aLONGtime, if ever!
Becca finally moved up beside John and suggested it was time to give Andy a turn. Without any hesitation, he eased the throttles back slowly until it was safe to shift the boat into neutral. When he stood up his face was glowing and he immediately hugged Becca saying, "Thank you, thank you so much!"
Becca who was also known as the "Flaming Red Widow Maker" melted as she hugged John back. This was the same woman who could kill someone instantly in cold blood, yet she had tears of joy running down both cheeks. She turned John while they hugged, so no one else would see.
After hugging Becca John stepped around her and walked to the back of the boat and took the empty seat between Marsh and Trish. He looked up at both of them and said, "Thank you so much." In those few seconds it took Andy to walk forward, Becca picked up a towel and wiped her body quickly and then wiped her face before Andy arrived next to her.
Andy had watched John anxiously waiting his turn so he was also filled with nervous excitement. He listened to what Becca told him and agreed to follow her instructions and proceed slowly at first so he got the feel of the boat before he went fast. Becca reached for the button on the front of the seat, which was between Andy's legs. He felt the seat move back a little from the forward position it was in for John. When she stood up, she caught Andy staring at her bald pussy so she just smiled at him to acknowledge she had caught him looking.
Andy eventually shifted the transmissions into forward and the nose came out of the water as he pushed the throttles forward. Andy moved the throttles forward a little more until the nose came down and he turned his head and smiled at Becca. He turned the boat right and then left so he could get used to the way it handled. When he felt better about the control he eased the throttles three quarters forward.
After fifteen minutes for so, Andy slowed the boat down and asked Becca how close he could take the boat to the shore. Becca told him he had to watch the depth gauge to make sure there was plenty of water under the boat so he didn't hit the coral or any rocks.
He asked if there was a speed limit and Becca told him there wasn't. He watch the depth gauge and kept track as he moved the boat close to the beach but yet far enough away so he wouldn't bottom out the boat. Andy didn't know he was by Marsh's place but he knew he was far from the resort. He did a slow drive by to make sure the water was deep enough.
When he was past the resort's beach area Andy turned the big boat and pushed the throttles full forward and blew past the resort's beach, less than fifty feet off shore at over one hundred miles per hour.
The sound of the engines roaring got the attention of everyone on the beach. Everyone watched the boat speed past, some people waved because they recognized the boat while others close to the water could even see it was Andy driving the powerful boat.
Andy had just slowed the boat when the marine radio came to life. "From Elise" this is "Little Snot" come in please."
It took Andy by surprise and it confused him as he looked over his shoulder at Becca.
"You better answer that, captain." Becca told Andy.
Andy picked up the microphone. "Little Snot" he replied. "This is the "From Elise". Captain White at your service. How may I help you, "Little Snot"?"
Jimmy was surprised to hear Andy's voice and it took him a few seconds to respond. The three adults in Andy's boat caught Jimmy's hesitation and all three of them laughed.
Finally Jimmy said, "Captain White, Captain Turner here. The "Little Snot" is inbound for the Turner North Shore Marina. I just thought you would want to be informed. Most of the passengers on this vessel are reporting hunger pangs, so the consensus is that we should return to port."
Andy radioed back, ""Little Snot" the "From Elise" will meet you at the marina. Have a safe return. "From Elise" out."
When he got closer to the marina, Andy pulled the throttles back to an idle. Even though Marsh encouraged Andy to continue, he shifted the transmissions into neutral and said, I don't want to go any closer, this thing is too big for me to dock just yet."
Becca and Andy switched seats and this time it was Andy who caught Becca looking at his cock while his legs were spread getting out of the seat. Andy smiled the knowing smile up at Becca and she pulled him into a hug like she had given John. Andy thanked Becca for the opportunity to drive the boat and she told him he was quite welcome.
John and Marsh got the fenders out of the storage compartment. While Marsh hung one on the bow and John hung one on the stern. Becca brought the boat next to the dock and Marsh jumped off and tied the bowline. Trish was ready and she took John with her and taught him how to tie off the line at the stern.
Andy, Marsh and John walked across the dock and grabbed the ropes and tied off the "Little Snot" to the dock. Marsh stood by and made sure the lines were secure.
When Becca was finished shutting down "From Elise" she joined Trish on the dock and they helped the passengers get off the "Little Snot." Even though the kids we all excited, they remembered they had to walk while on the dock.
Becca asked John and Andy to help the other kids to get off their life vest and stow them in the storage chests. Immediately both boys said they would help and they worked flawlessly to get the job done. As each life vest came off, it was stowed away in one of the chests.
The kids all stayed in a group while the vests were being collected and stowed away. When they were finished, Trish asked Brianne and Jen to take the kids back to the wedding reception area, so they could check in with their parents.
When the kids found their parents, there was excited chatter all around the reception area. Each kid had an exciting tale to tell about riding on the two big boats. All of us who didn't have little kids on the boats watched the facial expressions the kids used while telling their story.
Kim leaned in front of me and said to Beth, "Hopefully, one day soon, we'll get word that we are going to have another addition to our already wonderful families."
Beth smiled as she replied, "I think I need to get my husband busy to make that happen. I so can't wait to have a baby bump."
We saw Marsh, Jimmy, Trish, Becca, Wendy, Sue and Jenni walk back to the reception area together. They were talking as they were walking and when they neared the dance floor, John Simpson and Andy White tugged their mother's hand over to stand in front of the group. We watched the reactions of the boys without really knowing what went on, on the boats; we could see they were exceptionally happy. Both John and Andy talked excitedly, and constantly interrupting each other.
The two boys let go of their mother's hand and rushed to Becca and hugged her from both sides. She got the attention because she was the one who let them drive the big, fast boat. She was their hero and they'd remember this day.
We watched just like almost all the others as Becca leaned down and John kissed her on the lips. Then it was Becca who reached out and pulled John's face to her and gave him a long kiss on the lips.
When the kiss ended we could hear John exclaim, "Wow, my mom never kisses me like that. I like it!"
We laughed but Tina blurted out, "Becca, what are you teaching my son?"
Becca defended herself by saying, "What? It's not like I used any tongue. I just thought the boy should have a real kiss."
The kissing and banter went on for a little while longer which included Becca kissing Andy and then Becca really kissing Andy. When they finished kissing, Andy walked away with a hard-on leading the way.
As the party progressed Beth, Kim and I walked over to the tables where most of Marsh's friends and relatives were seated and our introductions were rather one sided. They had witnessed our wedding so they already knew who we were. We greeted each other and there were plenty of hugs and kisses shared.
When we got to the table where Antonio, Giuseppe and Victor were seated, we were invited to take a seat and talk for a while.
Victor asked me about myself and what I line of work I was in. When I told them I was CEO/Chairman of the Board for a large company, they questioned which one. I answered all their questions because they seemed genuinely interested.
Finally, the conversation move on and Giuseppe asked me about Terri and Hanna. I told all three of the Martinelli brothers how they came to live in my home. I told them what I knew about Harold Gordon and that I heard he had big money behind him. I told them the story I heard thatThe Butcherrequired high six figure pay for each mission. I paused as I looked between all three brothers before I reiterated that he was only one of the six or seven that broke into my home. I told them someone paid a lot of money in their attempt to silence Terri and Hanna.
All three of the Martinelli brothers talked to me and assured me if I needed anything, and they stressed anything, to have Marsh contact them. They told me they would take a close look at Harold Gordon and find out where his money was coming from and put an end to it. They guaranteed that Harold Gordon wouldn't be a threat to me any longer unless he came at me himself. I smiled and said, "That's not likely since he's in jail."
When our conversation was over, the four of us stood up and I received three strong armed hugs. Giuseppe looked me square in the eyes and said, "If you need anything, contact us and I mean that."
Kim and Beth both stood up and each one of them received a hug and kisses from all three brothers. We said our goodbyes and moved on.
After visiting each table the three of us ended up on the dance floor for a trio dance. We didn't move that much but there was plenty of body contact. Kim and Beth both expressed how happy they were with the wedding and the celebration. I told both of them I loved them and they returned my love.
Someone bumped into us from both sides and when we looked up we saw Tom and Janet on one side and Jake and Kathy on the other. We danced to the music and talked between us. Tom told us that he was having the time of his life and he was going to stay up until the last song was played.
As we talked, Marsh walked up to us with a man we didn't know. He addressed Tom first.
"Tom. I hope you get a chance to talk this friend at length tomorrow. For now I'd like all of you to meet one of my med school classmates, Dr. Patrick O'Donnell. Pat flew over with some of my other friends this morning for my wedding. He's also the physician I mentioned last night. He's cleared a slot in his schedule to see you in Loma Linda on Tuesday. I'll make sure you have transportation."
Tears welled up in Tom's eyes and Janet immediately had tears running down her cheeks as she reached out for her husband's hand. Tom stared at Dr. O'Donnell for about thirty seconds before he cleared his throat and reached out to shake hands with him. Even when he tried to speak, he was choked up so Janet spoke up, "Very nice to meet you Dr. O'Donnell."
There was a rush of activity and soon we were surrounded by Tom Jr., Faith, Audrey and Frank. They didn't know what was said but they saw Tom's reactions and they came to find out what was going on.
Dr. O'Donnell looked at the group of family members and said, "Listen, I'm like Marsh, please call me Pat. I have to be formal at the hospital but amongst friends, I'm Pat."
"Tom, I know this is a party, would it be possible for us to sit down and talk tomorrow morning, say during or after breakfast? I can get some information about you and your doctors. I can have you write a hand written release so I can have my secretary call your doctor and have him send me your records."
Tom and Pat shook hands but Janet stepped forward and hugged him. When Marsh and Pat turned to leave, the Banks family gathered closer to Tom and watched them walk away. Janet final broke the silence, "Honey, I really hope he can do more for you. I love you and I plan to grow old with you."
Audrey stepped over and hugged her father and then Faith took a turn and hugged him too. Tom looked at his son for more than a few seconds before he said, "I really want to live to see your child be born. God, if there's some little light of hope, I want to grasp it and hang on."
"I know dad. We are all in this together and you'll never have to fight this battle alone." Tom Jr. replied.
We all stood in silence for a few minutes before Jake said, "I think it's way past this farmers bedtime. However, I ain't going to bed just yet cause I wanna see who's going to take who to bed. I have a funny feeling that there's going to be some mixing tonight."
Kathy smiled as she looked over Jake's shoulder, "Yep, there could be some mixing tonight. Y'all are missing that wonderful specimen over there. Look at that golden brown tan and that hunk of meat hanging between his legs. Jake would you mind if I go over and ask that handsome sole if he wants to dance?"
Jake turned around slowly so he could see what his wife was looking at and when he spotted the guy, he told Kathy, "Have at it darlin' - heaven knows if you'll get another chance to experiment."
Kathy kissed Jake passionately for almost a minute before she stepped back and walked straight towards her target. We all watched as Kathy introduced herself and within a couple of minutes she was seated at the closest table with him.
Kim moved over to Jake and he asked her to dance. Kim moved right into Jake's arms and made it very clear to him that if Kathy made a connection for the night, she would be more than happy to take care of Jake's needs.
Tom and Janet were still close enough and when Kim moved over to Jake, Tom said, "I really envy you Dan. I can only wish that we would have been more open in our family. Since the flight here, I've watched your family interaction and not once have I seen anyone upset with someone else or even a smidgen of jealously. Janet and I talked last night and things are going to change at our house. Dan, we may have to have your family over to help us."
I looked at Tom a few seconds before I said, "Tom, at work, we were always friendly with each other, but in a business manner. Had you known about me and my lifestyle would you have had the same feeling you just expressed?"
"I'm not sure Dan, I just can't say for sure." Tom answered
"Tom, once Dan makes me pregnant, and if you and your wife agree, I'd like to show you just how much I appreciate what you've done for me over the years. I know you had to do some talking to allow me to move up with Dan. I know it must have upset some of the secretaries that had been with the company longer than me. We'll have our time, if you want." Beth said as she moved over to Tom and embraced him then kissed him passionately.
Tom looked at Beth, "You know, I still don't know how to take you Beth. You are that professional like Dan who lives a double life without any disclosure. I believed you and Dan to be so straight-laced that you might have even worn your business suit to bed. Now, I'm seeing what was under that business suit and you just offered me a chance to make love to you."
"As far as my having to go to bat for you to be advanced, all I had to do was show the board what you and Dan accomplished together. Your work spoke for itself so really it wasn't a hard sell. Those old fuddy-duddy secretaries, who complained, couldn't hold a candle to what you did for our company. So they didn't matter."
"Hey, let's move this party over to a table and get something cold to drink." I said when Tom paused.
All of us went over to an empty table and sat down. We weren't sitting long before a waitress came by and took our drink orders. As she was bringing the drinks back, our table was invaded by the rest of the people who came with us, the rest of the Thompson clan and those who live and or work on our estate. They had been sitting at one of the other tables but moved up to join us. We had to move a few tables but we enjoyed having everyone in one huge group. For those who didn't have a drink, the waitresses took their orders and promptly went to get them their selection.
******************
John approached Jimmy and inquired if his family could sleep on the yacht. Jimmy asked him if his parents were willing to sleep there and John signaled for his mom and dad to come over and give their ok. Jimmy looked at Tina and told her if she and Jeff were willing to sleep in the boat with her children, he didn't have a problem with that. Then he suggested she could take Jean and Josh Smith along with them to give Jen and Bri a break. Tina readily agreed and went to talk to Holly Smith. Holly hesitated only for a second and then gave her approval.
When Tina returned, she had Jean and Josh with her. Jimmy told Tina and Jeff to use what they wanted on the yacht and most of all to enjoy themselves. A few minutes later the Simpson family plus two was headed for the marina.
Marsh called Andy over to talk to him. They talked for a few minutes before Marsh asked Andy if he wanted to sleep on the "From Elise." Andy asked if he could have a few friends sleep on the boat with him. Marsh thought about it for longer than Andy was comfortable with and he started to fidget. When Andy opened his mouth to speak, only then did Marsh say, "I have one stipulation attached to me saying yes. The stipulation is, I want the parent of anyone you choose to be on the boat with you, to come and tell me it's ok."
Andy's grin couldn't have gotten any wider because his face wouldn't allow it. "YES SIR!" Andy replied as he turned and ran off to go find Brianne, Jen.
When Andy found Bri and Jen they were sitting with the two Hawaiian girls who had been with them all day and a guy from Southern California, named Bret. Andy was very excited when he told everyone he could have some friends sleep in the forty three foot Donzi. He also relayed the stipulation that if they wanted to sleep there too, their parents had to give Marsh the ok, personally.
The girls squealed with delight and Bret took it all in stride. Jen and Bri took off to go get their mothers to talk to Marsh as did the two Hawaiian girls. It just so happened that their mothers were working the reception. Andy went with Bret while he talked to his parents.
Soon Colleen and Racheal along with the mothers of the Hawaiian girls walked over to Marsh and gave their approval for their daughters to sleep on the boat with Andy and Bret. In turn, each parent thanked him for allowing them to sleep on the boat. Finally Andy and Bret walked up to Marsh with his mother and she gave her approval.
Everyone in the group hooted and yelled as they took off running across the sand towards the marina. They came to an abrupt halt just before the dock. They knew they had to walk on the dock.
******************
The Simpson and Smith children played hard all day and they went to sleep almost the second their heads hit the pillows. Jeff and Tina watched them for a few minutes to make sure they were going to stay asleep before they tiptoed out of the room. Tiny closed the door part of the way and turned on a light, just in case one of them woke up.
They moved to the gallery and opened a bottle of wine and poured some in two glasses. Tina picked up the bottle and both of them walked up the stairs to the deck, to enjoy what was left of a wonderful day. While Tina moved a couple of deck chairs and a small table over near the door leading downstairs, Jeff turned on a few deck lights in case one of the kids woke up and came up to find them.
Tina and Jeff sat side by side and were watching the flames from the tiki torches flicker and dance at the same time lighting the beach area where the reception was being held. Tina was stroking Jeff's hard cock and he was lazily fingering her clit and every now and then he would dip his finger into her pussy, while they sat on the deck of "Little Snot."
******************
They saw the teenagers emerge from the lighted reception area and run towards the marina. Tina remarked, "It looks like we are going to have company soon." Tina slid down in her deck chair a little further and spread her legs wider to give Jeff more access to her clit and pussy.
They watched as Andy, Bret, Jen, Brianne and the two Hawaiian girls arrived at the dock and started walking out towards the boats. As they drew near, Jeff said, "It's a nice night isn't it."
Andy stopped and looked up at Jeff and Tina before he asked, "Permission to come aboard?"
Jeff looked at Tina and when she nodded her head, Jeff replied, "Permission granted"
Come on guys; let's take a look around Jimmy's boat before we get on "From Elise."
The six young people stepped aboard "Little Snot" and walked up on the upper deck where Tina and Jeff sat. Neither Jeff nor Tina stopped their innocent playing and it was Tina who told Andy, "Please feel free to get some chairs and sit down with us if you want to."
Andy looked at the people with him and it was Jen who said, "Sure, let's sit down for a few minutes and enjoy the night air.
Andy and Bret walked over to the side where the chairs were stacked and unfastened the cord that held them from tipping over. They brought enough chairs back for everyone to sit on. As the chairs were being moved into a semi-circle Tina told Jen and Brianne there was water, soda and juice in the galley refrigerator.
Jen asked everyone what they wanted to drink and then she enlisted the help of Brianne to go down and get the drinks with her. Tina cautioned them to be quiet because the kids were sleeping.
When they came back up on deck, they passed out the drinks and told Tina they checked on the kids and they were still fast asleep. Tina thanked them and lifted her glass of wine in a simulated toast before she took a sip.
Tina's right hand was still busy stroking Jeff's cock as she listened to Jen start off the conversation with the story of how they only had a few minutes the night before to toss some stuff in a bag and go over and pick up Brianne and her mother and get to Marsh's private airport. She told everyone how Holly's van was loaded and all the details about their overnight flight. Of course Brianne added some details that Jen left out.
The conversation between everyone present was steady and lasted almost an hour. Jen and Brianne who were basically sitting across from Tina and Jeff had slouched down in their seats and had allowed their legs to open. Andy was sitting between them and had a perfect view of each pussy.
Finally, it was Andy who stood up and announced he was going to go get on "From Elise." When he stood up everyone saw that his cock standing proudly at attention but no one said a word to him. Jen and Brianne both stared at it for a few seconds before they stood up. Eventually all six visitors were standing and Bret and Andy made short work of putting the chairs back. Andy stretched the cord around them to hold them in place and then rejoined the group.
When the guys came back across the deck, Andy chose to stand between Jen and Brianne and Bret stepped between the two Hawaiian girls.
Tina smiled and said, "It looks like you girls are going to have an interesting night too."
Jen looked down at Andy's hard-on and said with a huge smile on her face, "Oh I think we know how to take care of that. However, I have to give Jeff credit for his stamina, you've been stroking him for a long time and he hasn't shot his load yet. Tonight with it being so quiet and the kids are sleeping, I was hoping it would happen, but there's always tomorrow."
Tina looked up at Jen with a smile before she said, "Yes, there's always tomorrow. You can come back if you want to, either later or tomorrow."
Andy thanked Jeff and Tina for welcoming them aboard. He also thanked them for the wonderful conversation. With his arms around Jen and Bri he said, "Come on let's go, I think that bed on "From Elise" is calling our names."
Tina laughed and said, "Please don't rock the boat too much, we want to get some sleep tonight."
With a smirk on his face Andy said, "By the look of things, I think the first waves will be caused by the "Little Snot."
Jeff spoke up saying, "We are going to start up here on the upper deck and work our way down to the bed. This is an adventure of a life time and we aren't about to let it go to waste."
Bret thanked Tina and Jeff too and then followed Andy down the steps to the lower deck and then on the dock. The six of them walked on board "From Elise"
They turned on the lights and shut the door. Everyone was so excited and they really didn't know what to do. Once inside the boat they stood and looked at each other.
Andy turned around and saw the bathroom, "I'm going to take a shower and get cleaned up, it's been a long day and I'm sweaty. If anyone wants to join me, it looks like there's enough room for a couple more."
Jen and Bri had been to our house with Andy and knew we showered together so both of them spoke up rather quickly and agreed to shower with Andy. The three of them walked into the bathroom and left the door open. Andy started to water flow and adjusted it to the right temperature. The three of them stepped in and took turns getting wet. Jen picked up the body wash and said to Andy, "I'll wash your body if you want to help me wash mine."
There was no way that Andy would turn down an offer like that but at the same time he was smart enough not to show too much enthusiasm. So he looked at both Jen and Bri saying, "We can take turns washing each other just like they do at the Morrisons."
"Andy, if you're going to wash me, when you get to the spot between my legs, please don't get body wash inside me. You can wash me on the outside but make sure you don't have body wash on your fingers if you put them inside me." Jen said.
Immediately, Brianne said, "Yeah that goes for me too."
"Ok, no problem." Andy replied "I will be very careful when I get down there."
Andy started to wash both girls on their chests down to their waist. He had them turn around and he washed their backs down to their ass cheeks. At times he had to move close to one of them and his cock had bumped each of them at one time or other and no one said anything.
Andy finished washing both girls above their waist, before he got down on his knees behind the girls so he could wash their ass and the back of their legs first. Andy went about his task and even started humming the popular song.
When he finished with the back of their legs he asked them to back up into the spray and rinse off. While the water was running over each set of ass cheeks, Andy used his hand to help. He even parted their cheeks and ran his fingers over their tiny little asshole. Both girls shuddered when he did that but they didn't pull away. When it was obvious Andy was finished, they didn't wait to be told to turn around, they just did it. Suddenly Andy was looking directly at two very beautiful pussies and neither one had any hair on it.
Andy reached out with some body wash on his hand and washed the first one without any complaints and then he washed the second one. When he was finished he asked both girlst to step forward and rinse. While they were rinsing Andy watched both girls open their legs and spread their pussy and splash some water inside followed by using their fingers to make sure the parts they wanted washed -- were washed.
When they were finished both girls moved and without any preliminary discussion both girls put body wash on their hands and started to wash both the front and the back of Andy at the same time. Bri was in the front and Jen was in the back. Andy got the surprise of his life when Jen washed down to Andy's ass crack and she inserted her finger up to the second knuckle before he had a chance to react.
When he jumped up his cock hit Bri in the chin. She yelped at the same time Andy made an unrecognizable noise. When Jen finished laughing she told Bri what she did and then both girls started laughing all over again.
Jen asked, "Did you wash his cock yet?"
"No, I was going to when you made him jump and his cock hit me in the chin." Bri replied.
Jen moved until she was kneeling in front of Andy and both of them used a hand and started washing his cock and the other his balls. They alternated about once a minute. Andy warned them if they kept that up, he was going to cum. They didn't heed his warning and suddenly Andy gave out a loud groan and exclaimed, "Here is comes!"
Both girls were taken by surprise and were hit directly in the face with the first few blasts of cum erupting from Andy's cock. Both girls laughed so hard they fell on their ass from their squatting position so they didn't get hurt. Andy smiled at them and said, "I just washed your face, twice, once with body lotion and once with my lotion. I think my lotion looks good on both of you."
Andy extended his hands to the girls and helped them stand up. He used his two index fingers to scoop up a small amount of cum off each face and held his finger in front of their mouth. He left the decision up to each of them if they wanted to taste his cum. Jen was the first to reach her hand out and pull Andy's finger into her mouth and swirled her tongue around it and cleaned the cum off before she swallowed it. Brianne followed her friend's actions without hesitation. Again, Jen was the first to ask Andy to help her get scoop up more off her face. Brianne held her finger out next and Andy helped her which he did. When the majority of the cum was off their faces, they stepped under the spray and washed the remaining cum off them.
Bret and the two Hawaiian girls were standing outside the door and they watched what Andy, Bri and Jen did. They also watched as the three stepped out of the shower and dried themselves. When they finished, the two Hawaiian girls moved into the bathroom and stepped into the shower, followed closely by Bret.
When they finished drying themselves Andy, Bri and Jen hung up their towels then crawled up on one side of the big bed. With Andy in the middle the girls cuddled up on either side of him. They rolled so they were facing him and put their upper legs over his. Andy could feel the heat from each pussy because one was pressed against each thigh.
When the others came out of the bathroom, they climbed up on the bed. The two Hawaiian girls saw how Bri and Jen were laying against Andy so they mimicked them and cuddled up on either side of Bret. Andy reached up and turned off the light. There was only a small amount of light which penetrated the cabin through the skylights in the ceiling but not enough for anyone to see the others. Andy suggested telling ghost stories. He recanted how his brother and sister told some really good ones on a dark night, when the moon wasn't shining. After a brief discussion everyone agreed that Andy should tell a story first.
Andy began his story and it wasn't long before he had everyone hanging on each word he said. There were intermittent squeals and gasps which filled the cabin. Andy felt both girls next to him try to move closer to but they were already pressed tightly to each of his sides.
Andy didn't realize it but he had a knack for telling stories. However, with the girls pressed so tightly against him, his cock started to get hard. Jen was actually rubbing her pussy against his thigh, ever so slowly, so no one else would notice her movements.
Both girls would gasp at a particular scary part and unintentionally dig their fingernails into him. Andy endured the pain without saying anything and without interrupting his scary story. Andy stretched the story out as long as he could but all good stories have to come to an end.
When he finished there was silence in the cabin as the four other people contemplated Andy's story. Andy broke the silence by saying, "Girls I have to get up and take care of something."
Jen innocently asked, "Would it have anything to do with your cock standing up like a flag pole? Remember, my knee bumped against it about five minutes ago."
Andy smiled, even though no one could see it, "With both of you beautiful girls so close to me, I would have to be gay not to have a hard-on."
"May I watch you?"
"Jen, I don't care. If you want to watch me take care of myself, you can. Dan taught me to be proud of my body and when this happens he told me to discreetly take care of myself. But if you want to watch, I'm ok with that too." Andy replied.
In the dark, three other female voices took turns saying, "I want to watch too."
It was Jen who asked Bret if he was hard too. However it was one of the Hawaiian girls who answered, "Yes he is. I just bumped into it with my hand, by accident."
The girls giggled and Jen added, "Oops, my hand just bumped into Andy's hard-on."
All the girls laughed. Andy moved his left leg so Jen lifted her leg to give him the freedom to move. Andy bent his knee and brought it until it was pressed tightly against Jen's warm slit. Jen put her leg down when she felt Andy finish moving. No words were exchanged but Andy knew Jen didn't mind.
In the dark, Andy felt a hand on his face pulling it to the left so he didn't resist. A pair of soft lips found his and he reciprocated and kissed her back. Jen let a soft purr escape as she moved slowly pumped her hips so her pussy rubbed against Andy's leg.
Brianne sat up on the bed and turned on the light. Both guys had a hard-on standing up from their groin and the two Hawaiian girls were snuggled up to Bret. Brianne quickly moved back to her position beside Andy and pressed her pussy against his leg like Jen.
One of the Hawaiian girls moved and her lips met with Bret's lips. Soon they were kissing and enjoying a tongue battle. The other Hawaiian girl reached out and wrapped her hand around his cock and felt the soft firmness of his manhood.
Brianne watched Andy's cock twitch as he continued to kiss Jen. Finally Brianne reached down and wrapped her hand around his cock and moved it up and down a couple of times before she stopped and just enjoyed holding a cock.
On the other side, Jen began to move more rapidly up and down Andy's leg now that some of her juices had lubricated the spot she was rubbing. Her clit dragged on his hairy leg which helped to stimulate her even more.
The Hawaiian girl picked up her pace and soon Bret was moving his hips up and down in rhythm with her hand. He broke the kiss with the other Hawaiian girl and said, "If you don't stop, I'm going to cum and make a mess."
The Hawaiian girl stopped what she was doing much to the chagrin of Bret. She moved around until she was kneeling with her legs spread on either side of his legs. In that position her complete body was on display for Bret to see, and see he did. He watched her move and he focused his attention on her bald pussy when she spread her legs asking, "Do you like what you see?"
In a trance like state, he nodded his head and reached out and put his right hand on the girl's hip and tried to pull her forward, but she didn't budge.
Jen moved and she straddled Andy's legs so her pussy was spread and Andy could enjoy looking at her whole body. Bri poked Andy and said, "She looks great down there doesn't she?"
Jen posed with her hands on her hips and her chest pushed out. Andy marveled at Jen's beauty while she twisted side to side to give Andy a little show. Again, Andy's cock bounced with excitement as he stared at Jen's naked body.
Jen got serious and she leaned over Andy's body and kissed him. Andy was quick to return her kisses. After holding herself up for a good length of time, Jen gently lowered her body on top of Andy. When she landed, she felt Andy's cock bounce against her pussy so she closed her legs and trapped his cock between her thighs, next to her flooded pussy.
Andy broke their kiss, "Oh shit, Jen you are so hot, your pussy must be boiling over."
In one of her playful moods Jen opened her legs again and slid down until Andy's cock was pressed against her sopping pussy before she closed her legs again. This time Jen moved her hips up and down and coated Andy's cock with her juices.
Bri looked at the other threesome and saw all of them were busy. From the sounds of it, all three of them knew what to do and were enjoying themselves. She looked back at Jen and Andy saying, "Hey I want in on some of this action. My pussy is just as wet as hers."
Jen looked down at Andy and said, "Where your cock is now, that's the closest it can get to my pussy without fucking me. I don't have any condoms and I'm not on birth control yet. I just talked to my mom this morning about getting me to the doctors so I can get the birth control shot. I don't want to be a mother and I'm sure you don't want to be a father yet."
Andy looked up at Jen and then over at Bri before he said, "Thank you. I don't want to get either of you pregnant. I am and will be satisfied to have my cock where it is."
Jen started humping Andy as if they were really fucking but in essence his cock was only sliding up and down between Jen's thighs. Bri moved over and kissed Andy and let him know she wanted some of that action when Jen was finished.
Jen pressed her clit against Andy's pubic bone every time he pressed down and soon she was panting like a dog on a hot August day. She kept whispering, "Oh Andy .... OH MY GOD .... I can't wait to feel you inside me because this feels so good. I'm going to cum soon."
Andy moved his upper body so he could crane his neck and reach Jen's titties with his mouth. The second his tongue touched Jen's nipple she became wild and pumped her hips faster. A few seconds later she pushed her hand down between their bodies and found her clit. About ten seconds of manipulation sent Jen into a fantastic orgasm.
She halted her movements and froze in place as her finger did its magic on her clit. A couple of minutes later Jen rolled off Andy to the vacant side and laid there with her legs spread wide and breathing heavy.
Bri promptly moved so she was kneeling and straddling Andy's legs. She gave Andy a sultry look as she leaned forward and reached out and wrapped her hand around his cock. Her face was inches from his pussy juice coated cock. She could smell the musky order of Jen's feminine fluids. While looking at Andy she lowered her head until her lips were almost touching the head of his cock. Andy could feel her hot breath so he asked the obvious question, "Are you going to suck my cock Bri?"
"No but I am going to kiss and lick it. I don't want to lead you on Andy; I'm not ready to have sex with you or anyone else. I don't mind playing around and I won't leave you hanging. I'll make sure you cum but I'm not on the pill and I don't have any condoms so we are going to play safe. I saw some movies a few times and if you don't mind, I'm going to do to you, what I saw on the screen."
Bri moved into the kneeling position and then moved up Andy's legs until her pussy was directly over Andy's cock. Andy looked down with his eyes wide open. At first he thought Bri had changed her mind, especially when she reached down and rubbed the head of his cock between her pussy lips. Andy lifted his hips, but Bri was fast and pushed his cock down on his lower abdomen so it didn't go inside her.
Bri looked up at Andy saying, "Nice try but you don't get the door prize. Just lie still Andy and you'll be very happy when this is over."
Andy watched Brianne as she held his cock down and then lowered herself until her pussy was pressing on Andy's cock. She reached down and repositioned herself until Andy's cock was in her very wet pussy groove. When she finished, Brianne allowed her total body weight to rest on Andy. Brianne looked up at Andy, "I'm going to make you cum and while I'm doing that, I'm going to make me cum."
In a sultry voice, "Are you ready for your ride Andy?"
Instead of words, Andy reached up and put a hand on each of Brianne's round hourglass hips and pulled down on her so she was pressed tightly against him. Andy looked up at Brianne's flat and smooth belly before his eyes traveled down to her soft little mound of her pussy which swelled gently at the lower portion of her abdomen.
Brianne smiled and started to slowly move back and forth, sliding along Andy's cock. Andy quickly slid his finger down from the top of her slick lips of her pussy to her clit. At his touch, Brianne moaned softly and increased her movements. His finger was kept lubricated by the precious nectar that freely flowed from her pussy. He proceeded to softly stroke it in time with the gyrations of her hips and pelvis.
It didn't take long, maybe five or ten minutes, before they were both beyond the point of return and their individual orgasms building at a fast pace. Their heavy breathing and their moans were far louder than those of Bret and one or both of the Hawaiian girls. Suddenly both Brianne and Andy were floating on a sea of rolling pleasure as wave after wave shot through their bodies. "Oh my God!" Andy gasped, and with three, four, five, six, seven bursts of cum erupting from the end of his cock and landing on his chest and his chin.
Brianne experienced a great torrent of electrical like impulses through her body causing her to shudder wildly. She braced herself by holding Andy's arms but even then she tilted to one side before she caught herself and sat back upright on her throbbing perch. When the spasmodic sensations decreased substantially, Brianne leaned forward and planted several passionate kisses on Andy's lips before she fell off to his side.
No one cared that Andy was coated with his own cum at that moment. He spent several minutes kissing, taking turns, kissing both Jen and Brianne. In the background they could hear soft moans from the other three who were on the big bed with them.
"I don't want to break the moment but I want to suggest all of us go back to the shower and clean up a little. I know both of you must be a fluid mess down there and I'm covered with cum." Andy said.
Jen was the first to move off the bed saying, "I'll start the shower, and you two can come along."
Andy and Brianne were right behind Jen and entered the bathroom just as Jen leaned forward to turn on the water. They showered and washed each other but this time, Andy washed only one of his companions at a time. However they double teamed him. When they were finished they dried their individual body and the three of them headed back to bed.
The three of them watched the other trio for a few minutes and then cuddled together and drifted off to sleep.
******************
The reception party (luau) had died down considerably even though quite a few friends and family members were sitting at the tables talking quietly. Also sitting at some of the tables were many Turner Security people. Leyland was finishing up his last set and made the last dance announcement. All at once the dance floor was crowded. Leyland chose "Goodnight Sweetheart, Goodnight" for the last song and those old enough to remember the song gaily sang along with Leyland. At the end of the song Leyland thanked everyone and said, "Goodnight and may God bless you all. Have a safe night."
Everyone applauded as Leyland, his wife Ailani along with the other band members bowed and each one said "Thank you."
Dan and Beth were close to Jake and Jim and other family and friends when Kathy walked over with one of the Turner guys. At first the guy looked a little nervous meeting Jake but Jake was quick to quell any fears he may have by saying, "Oh sweetheart, I'm so glad you found the man of your dreams."
Beth and Kim were the first to giggle and they were quickly joined by Kathy, Carrie, Helen, Emily, Jenna, Mary, Shelly and Joanna. Kathy hugged her man's arm and said, "Jake, and everyone else, I'd like to introduce you to Jordon. He's been working for Turner Securities for eight years. Everyone shook Jordon's hand. When I shook his hand he still seemed to be a little tense but it was a man's handshake with a good grip.
As we were standing around talking, Colleen and Rachael walked over to our little group, each of them with a well-built man on their arm. Introductions were made and each seemed to be over-joyed to be escorted by such muscular men. Patty was the first to congratulate her mom on her selection of a fine male specimen.
"We, all four of us," Colleen stated, "Are going to go for a moonlight swim and then a quiet walk on the beach and see how things go. We'll see you in the morning. Bye."
Patty hugged her mom tightly and whispered in her ear, "I sincerely hope everything works out well for you mom." They parted after they kissed.
Colleen stepped back and said, "I hear the ocean calling my name. Goodnight all." The four of them turned and walked towards the beach.
The rest of the group stood and chatted for a few more minutes, however after Ted suggested they walk back to the coconut grove; everyone agreed and started to move. The conversations between the members of the group varied but the consensus was, no one was going to waste a moment at their chance to experience everything and anything, at this private resort in Hawaii.
There were many ideas floating through the group such as, a long leisure walk on the beach, enjoying a moonlight dip in the ocean, enjoying moonlight lovin' and a few said they were going to stay up all night to watch the sun rise.
The most important issue that was the main theme on everyone's mind, they were very happy to have attended our special day. Tomorrow would be another day of adventure.
******************
To Be Continued:
** First, thank you for taking time to read this chapter.
** IF, you loved this chapter, please click on the # 5 Star.
** PLEASE VOTE: Your vote rates the story/chapter and Literotica uses your votes to rate the authors.
****************************
NAMES OF MAIN CHARACTERS:
The Morrison family:
Dan Morrison
Kim - wife
Beth - wife
Jenna - daughter
Terri Powell - daughter to be
Hanna Lindquist - daughter to be
Beth Thompson's Family:
Jake - father
Kathy - wife
Martin Thompson - brother, Jill Branigan (Martin's girlfriend)
Peter Thompson - brother, Helen (Young) Thompson (wife)
Emily (Thompson) Benson - sister, Todd Benson (husband)
Carrie Thompson - sister, Fred Holden (Carrie's boyfriend)
Dan and Beth's Executive Secretary: Kelly Jones
Dan and Beth's Executive Assistant Secretary: Allison Fields
Security crew:
Ted Johnson - Police Sergeant
Marion Johnson - wife
Police Officers:
Officer Mary Davis,
Officer Shelly White,
Officer Joanna Doyle
Terri's Friend: Simpson Family
Jeff Simpson
Tina- wife
John - son
Abby - daughter
Deana - daughter
Landscaping crew: Williams Family:
Tony Williams
Patty - wife
Barbie - Tony's sister
Beth - Tony's sister
Shelly White's Brother's Family:
Ken White
Amy - wife
Brian - son
Angela - daughter
Andy - son
Amy White's Friend:
June - mother
Hank - son
Sarah - daughter
House cleaning crew:
Ashley Brennan
Debbie Brown
Dan's second in command at his company:
Jerry Wilber (Title to be determined)
Secretary at Dan's company:
Taffy Davis
Secretary at Dan's company:
Connie Swensen
Besides many of the main characters -
people are on the trip to Hawaii with Dan:
Kevin (Jenna Morrison's boyfriend)
Allison (company secretary)
Kelly (company secretary)
Joe Bailey (Dan's chauffer)
Tom & Janet Banks (Dan's former boss)
Brenda Summers (Tom's executive secretary)
The Banks Family:
Tom Banks
Janet - wife
Tom Jr. - Faith Banks - wife
Audrey Banks - daughter
Frank (Audrey Banks's boyfriend)
Katie (Audrey Banks's girlfriend)
Pilot & Flight Crew for the company
Captain Bob McGrath - pilot
Tom: Co-Pilot
Sam: Navigator
Linda & Jenny (company flight attendants)
Jerry (company flight chef)