This began as a contest submission and due to the constraints of the contest went far off the rails. Anyone who has read my stories knows limiting me to 750 words is a failure waiting to happen. So 19407 words later, I give you this story. I've tried a few different things here, a new category for one, writing in the third person for another.
As always, constructive criticism is always welcome.
* * *
She looked down at the outfit he'd laid out for her and smiled. Black leather pumps, lace edged silk stockings, black leather mini skirt, a black lace bra, and a low cut silk top. She smiled noting the lack of panties. "Okay, so that's how he wants to play it," she thought.
She was normally a bit more conservative. A school teacher by day, but when he wanted to play they tended toward the theatrical, and role play was something they both enjoyed. This time she was going to be the libertine. He liked to share, and she enjoyed how it made her feel to tempt and tease other men. She sometimes delivered, and made him watch. That was his kink. She walked to the bath of their swanky hotel suite and looked in the mirror. She was in terrific shape and the outfit was going to fit her like a glove. She slipped off her robe, her breasts were high and though not large, they were well shaped. She tweaked her nipples, turned slowly and looked down over her shoulder at her ass. "Not bad for an old lady," she said aloud. "I need to keep doing those squats at the gym." She slapped her ass, the crack was loud as it reverberated off the tile. She ran a bath. "If I'm going to play the part I might as well do myself up right."
She reclined in the scented bath, lifting a leg free of the water watching it purl into the tub. She thought the stockings an odd choice with the mini skirt since her legs were still holding a decent tan and the tops would show. She smiled realizing that was the intent. It was his fantasy, and she loved fulfilling them nearly as much as he enjoyed coming up with them. She was was horny and wanted nothing more than to relieve herself but she held off knowing it would be sweeter for the wait. She dried off and anointed herself with lotion and a few daubs of her favorite perfume before she did her makeup. She went for a dark lipstick and smoky eyes before teasing her hair into a dirty blonde drift past her shoulders. She walked into the bedroom and began to don her outfit for the evening.
The bedside phone rang.
"Hello?"
"Come down when you're ready," was all he said.
"I'll be down in a few minutes." She said trying and failing to hide the smile from her voice. She slipped her wedding bands off and put them into her purse as she looked over the room seeing nothing to give their identity away and headed for the elevator. She got on and a bellhop got on with her. She decided to warm up using him and gave him a little smile. She could see him visibly tense up and smiled even more broadly. She watched floors count down she turned to him and said, "Give me your phone quick." He fumbled it out of his pants and handed it to her. She found the camera app and held it down beneath her skirt aimed up between her legs and snapped a picture, the flash went off. She looked at the preview of the picture which didn't include her face and handed it back to him just as she stepped off the elevator and didn't look back. She walked slowly across the lobby, savoring the sharp click of her heels on the polished marble, well aware of several heads turning to watch her as she walked into the hotel lounge. She slid carefully onto one of the bar stools and crossed her legs. The bartender was quick and soon she had a drink in front of her. She wondered how long it would take before he hit on her.
"Hello."
She nodded. "Hello," and took a sip of her drink.
"Are you from around here?" He asked.
She looked at him for a long moment and rolled her eyes. "I've stunned you into going to the most basic of pick up lines have I?"
He had the sense to look chagrined. He had a nice smile, and everything about him set her off. He was handsome, maybe in his mid thirties, and had a handsome face, and a firm body. She tilted her head and he understood the unasked question.
"Tom."
She smiled. "Dawn." She tilted her head to beckon him in closer. "Let's cut to the chase Tom. Which pocket has your wedding band in it?" He looked slightly crestfallen as she laughed softly. "Don't worry, mine is in my purse." He immediately perked up at that. She leaned forward giving him a glimpse down the front of the top and whispered into his ear. "I don't usually fuck around Tom but when I do, I choose wisely." She let her hand slip off her lap and reached across the short distance to rub the front of his slacks. "I have a good feeling about you Tom. Since we both have things to lose, it makes you a safe bet. You do have to agree with some rules though. Nod if you want to hear them."
He nodded.
"Good boy." She rubbed the front of his slacks more firmly, enjoying the thickness that was forming there. "Safety first, if I were to entertain you for the evening," She gave him a lingering kiss beneath his ear, "he wears a raincoat at all times."
He nodded again.
"I like you Tom." She firmed her grip keeping Tom rooted to his spot. "The other is that my husband gets to watch." He couldn't back up without revealing her grip on his cock. She heard him swallow nervously. "Don't worry, he likes it. I'm all yours, he won't join in and I will drain you until you are a mere husk of a man, but he will be sitting in a chair watching everything." She leaned forward rubbing her cheek to his and flicked his ear lobe with her tongue, feeling his cock twitch in excitement. He didn't move and she was enjoying the feel of him growing beneath her fingertips. She uncrossed her legs. "Tom, as a little show of faith and my incredibly bad intentions, I'm going to unbutton your coat to help cover your tracks, set your hand on my thigh and slip your hand up my skirt and see how excited the prospect of riding you like a rodeo bronco has me." He took a long pull of his drink and set it down, drying the damp fingers on the napkin beneath. He turned and did as asked. She let out a little sigh, her eyes bright. "Your hand is cold. If you keep going it should get a lot warmer." Tom's hand stopped at the top of her stocking, her skin was hot to the touch.
"Is he upstairs now?" He asked, sotto voce.
She reached for her drink and took a sip to cover her reply. "No he's in here somewhere, watching us right now."
Tom's eyes went wide and his eyes started glancing around. He began to withdraw his hand and her thighs closed on it holding it in place.
"Look at me. You've got the jar open but you haven't found the honey yet." She licked her lower lip slowly. She nudged his hand with her thigh and his hand started moving upward again. A smile crossed her lips at that. His fingers found the source of the heat and rubbed her gently, his fingers getting slick. She let out a soft sound of approval and licked her lips again. "I'm glad you're a ballsy guy Tom. Now don't linger there, you have a decision to make." She leaned forward as his hand slid away slowly. She whispered in his ear. "What'll it be boy? Yes, or no."
He pretended to reach for his drink but drew back and tasted his fingers quickly running his tongue over them behind the veil of her hair. Her eyes flashed in astonished glee. He nodded again.
"We're going to get along just fine you and I. What I'm going to do is leave and go up to my room, 442. Keep an eye on the clock and don't leave the bar for ten minutes, then come upstairs and knock on my door." She turned and nuzzled his cheek and gave him a kiss leaving a dark lipstick print in her wake.
"Well it was nice chatting with you Tom. I hope you have a terrific night." She opened her purse and he tried to wave her away and she smiled and laid a twenty next to her glass and drained the last of it. She smiled and spun around and slipped off the stool and took a moment to straighten her skirt.
Tom's head swiveled as she walked out the door, her ass swaying like a pendulum.
"Another?" The bartender asked causing Tom to jump.
"No, what's my tab?" He asked unable to squelch the stupid grin on his face. He paid the bartender and tipped him well and looked up at the clock.
The bartender leaned forward to wipe down the bar and said, "You are one lucky son of a bitch. I've never seen her in here before, and I would have remembered."
"We'll see, it's too good an opportunity to pass up." Tom noticed a few people move in and out of the bar and hadn't thought to keep an eye out for her husband leaving.
He waited the ten minutes and his brain had nearly burnt out thinking about the things that could go wrong. First he would make sure that he wasn't being filmed. The last thing he needed was to find a video of himself on some amateur porn site. If he'd had time he would have run to his room and dropped his wallet off but he didn't want to blow his chance with this knockout. He straightened his tie and knocked softly on the door.
"Who is it?" He heard Dawn's voice.
"Tom." He replied softly, close to the door.
"Mmm, right on time." She opened the door and let him into the room. The area around the bed was lit by the side table lamps, but the rest of the room was dark. Tom glanced around and noticed one of the high back easy chairs had been pulled into the shadows and a man sat in it, his legs crossed and fingers steepled in front of his face. He could only make out vague features but couldn't see enough to identify the man if he wanted to. "Come on in." She had said her eyes flashing as she walked towards the bed and beckoned him with a finger.
"Uh, I uh," Tom swallowed hard again, "I don't get this." He looked around. "Do you film this because I can't be part of..."
She reached up and turned him to face her. "Tom, we can only continue if we trust one another. I don't need to record this, I plan on remembering it for a long time. We like to play, but we're safe about it, a recording could ruin our lives as much as anybody's so no, there are no cameras. I'm clean as a whistle, checked up about two months ago and I've only had sex with my husband since then. This is my play time, and I get it because he likes to watch as much as I like to try new things, and new people." She added with a smile and plucked the fabric of her top letting a wisp of her perfume to escape. "The only other rules are that I don't do anal, and I don't kiss on the mouth. That's all for him." She tilted her head towards the man in the corner. "Are we good or do you want to walk away? I don't want you to start something you're not prepared to finish."
Tom stood there a moment staring at a spot on her chest and looked up at her eyes.
"Tom, if you're getting cold feet I understand. Have you ever done anything like this before?"
He shook his head.
"If you're still game, I'll take the lead. I'm kind of good at telling men what to do." She said with a wink. She put her hand on his shoulder and leaned forward slightly and slipped off first one shoe, then the other and tossed them aside. She looked at him with a little smile and a tilt of her head looking for the sign to keep going. Tom reached for his jacket and slipped it off, she took it and hung it up for him. He began to loosen his tie and looked askance to the chair in the corner.
"Focus on me." She took his chin and turned him back to face her. "Let me give you something to focus on." She smiled and raised her arms and slid the silk top over her torso and off revealing the small black lace bra with her breasts pouring over the cups. She asked him to do her the honor and pointed to the hook and leaned in so he could reach around. He pulled the straps off her shoulders as she leaned back revealing her breasts. "There that should help keep your attention." Tom looked raptly at her chest and back up at her. She stepped up to him their bodies so close he could feel the heat pouring off her as she undid his tie. "I don't bite." She whispered. "Well not without good reason anyway." Her eyes flashed as she folded the tie and set it on the nightstand. "I'll keep that nearby in case I want to use it to tie you up." She began on the buttons and got the shirt open and ran her hands up and down his chest with a hum of approval. "I like a man that takes care of himself." She let a wicked grin spread across her face as she leaned forward and licked his nipple through the cotton of the shirt, her hands slid down his stomach to unbuckle his belt and open his slacks.
She switched to the other side and this time she did sink her teeth into the nipple, not enough to cause him pain, but she got his attention. "I guess I do bite." She ran her hand down inside of his slacks and felt his cock and let out another hum. "If I'm going to be topless so are you." She slid his tee shirt up and he raised his arms tugging it off and tossing it aside. She leaned in and took the nipple again and suckled on it hard and released it with the flick of her tongue. "I expect similar attention." She stepped around him and pulled the covers completely off the bed tossing them in a heap on the floor. When she came back to him she pushed the slacks over his ass and down his thighs seeing the bulge stand forth clearly now through his briefs. She looked down at it and licked her lips and back up at Tom and smiled. "I've been wanting to get this out from hiding since I first laid hands on it." She slipped her thumbs into the waistband of the briefs and slowly dragged them down, his cock falling forward pointing at her. "Oh my... it's thick." Her smile shone brilliantly in the dim light. "You're going to split me in half with that thing stud."
"I'll be gentle." He said smiling.
"I hope not." She replied as she reached out to touch it, aware that if she went too far it could go off too quickly. "Go ahead and sit." She knelt and removed the rest of his clothing, tossing his shoes and slacks aside. Tom sat on the bed naked, his thick cock at attention. "My turn." She lifted one foot onto the bed next to his hip and reached up and began rolling the stocking down her leg until it was free. She did the same on the other side of his hip and tossed them on the nightstand with his tie. She spun on her toes and asked for another hand. Tom's hands trembled as he reached for the zipper and lowered it. "You already know what I've got on underneath. You even snuck a taste, naughty boy." Tom peeled the skirt over her hips and ass and let it slide down her tanned legs letting her step out of it. She took it and flipped it onto the dresser a few feet away. His eyes scanned up and down her trim figure.
"You are fucking gorgeous." He said with an air of disbelief.
"Aww thank you. You're pretty hot yourself." She looked down at his lap and boldly licked her lips. "Why don't you scoot up a bit and lay back, I want to see if I can get my mouth around that monster." She leaned over and grabbed a hand towel off the nightstand and tossed it next to him and reached into the small dish and pulled out a condom and took a small bottle with it. "I like strawberry, I hope you don't mind." She wiggled the little bottle of lubricant and placed the corner of the packet in her teeth, tearing it open. She pushed his legs apart and climbed up between them, crawling over his body. She kissed around the base of his cock and rubbed it against her cheek. "Just remember the basic rules, my ass is off limits, so is my mouth and this," she rubbed it against her cheek again, "stays wrapped, then Tom you can pin me down and fuck me like a two dollar whore for all I care. Pull my hair and mount me like a stallion. The rules are there to protect us both trust me on that, because if I had my choice I'd have you in my mouth right now, sucking so hard to get that first hot load hitting the back of my throat. She pulled out the condom and palmed it before opening the lube, the scent of strawberry filled the air as she poured it into her palm and took his cock and stroked it gently. He cried out, pushing up into her grip. "Easy big fella, we haven't even begun yet. She placed the condom at the top and began unrolling it down his cock, stroking the rest of the lube from her palm over the outside. She took the towel and wiped the excess off her hand and leaned forward her mouth open as she held it upright and licked at the head. "Fuck, it's huge." She said with a little giggle and opened her mouth wide and took the head in slowly, her hand stroking him firmly as she did. She made humming noises as her tongue worked over the head. She lifted her lips free, slurping greatly as she did. "It's like trying to swallow a strawberry ice cream cone whole." Her hand kept working him up and down, his hips squirming in need of a release. She stretched her neck and went down on him again and tried to take a little more and began to gag a little before retreating. She bobbed her head back and forth, matching her firm strokes to her motion causing Tom to moan and place his hand on the back of her head. Her hands sped up as Tom began to lose control, she sucked as hard as she could drawing out that first load to get his edge off. He bucked nearly choking her and cried her name and filled the condom, the liquid heat bathed her mouth as she pulled off and licked him all around and milked his cock until he stopped jerking in her hand.
She leaned to the side and looked up at him as he gulped air trying to get his breathing back under control. "Now I know how those snakes feel when they try to swallow prey that's bigger around than they are."
"Biting off more than you can chew?" He laughed. "That's what my wife used to say..." He stared open eyed at the ceiling for a moment and she knew what was going through his mind.
She slid up along side him and whispered in his ear. "Don't worry, my cunt can stretch further than my mouth. I want to feel that monster split me like a ripe summer peach." She gave his ear a lick and sat up. "C'mon sit up and we'll get you cleaned up and re-covered." He sat up slowly and scooted back to the edge where she removed the condom, cleaned up and had a new one back on after several strokes and encouragements that she wanted to be on top the first time so she could take it at her pace. She pushed him back onto the bed and crawled over him again, kissing her way up his torso and neck. She dragged her tongue up the side of his neck to his ear. "Well you found one hole you couldn't get it into, but I assure you, this one won't have the same problem." She said, a soft chuckle rose from her throat.
Much recovered Tom looked up into her eyes and stopped her by rolling her onto her back. She appeared a little surprised but not concerned as he leaned down to kiss her and she turned ever so slightly taking it on the cheek. He hesitated but then followed it with another higher and worked his way to her ear and dragged the tip of his tongue around and down until he hit a spot on her neck below her earlobe that caused her to shiver and gasp.
"Oh yes." She whispered, her voice ragged as he trailed soft kisses to her collar bone and across her shoulder. Her back arched lifting her chest to him and he smiled as he worked his way down taking her nipple into his mouth causing her to gasp. He let it slip from his mouth but sucked hard on the nipple only then letting it go. He crossed to the other performing the same office on it as her chest heaved and pressed up to his mouth. He kissed down her stomach and her hands came up and took his cheeks keeping him from going any lower. "Sweety, you'll drown if you go any lower."
Tom laughed and flicked his tongue into her belly button and kissed the hollow of her hip as he let his fingers go where he very much wanted to bury his tongue. She began to hum in appreciation as he rubbed her clit in tight circles. "Mmm nice." She whispered. "Finger me Tom!" She nuzzled the top of his head as he did just that, slipping a finger into her, her hips rode up and down like a boat on a gentle swell as he added another finger and sucked and licked her breasts. She began to ride his hand, her hips never reaching the mattress as she rose again and again. He began to curl his fingers as he drew them out and drive them back in straight and hard. She moaned like a whore and wrapped her arm around his head pinning him to her chest as she cried out twisting beneath him as she came. She collapsed to the mattress panting and began to giggle.
"You are a most talented man Tom." She gasped. "I just imagined you doing that to me at the bar and trying not to moan giving us away."
"I hope you don't mind, but once you get a taste..." He brought his fingers to his lips and licked them clean as he stared into her eyes. Her smile faded into a look of pure lust. She shook her head slowly.
"Fuck me. Fuck me right now." She whispered pushing him between her legs. "Just take it slow at first." She requested as he slid between her outstretched thighs.
He held himself over her and took his cock in hand and pressed it to her lips. She inhaled sharply and held it. Tom looked down at her once more and she nodded her ascent. He pushed forward parting her lips slowly with the head of his cock. He looked up at her again and saw that she was biting her lower lip. She was tight. He pushed another inch into her, she let out a low hum from deep in her throat as she pulled her knees back further and wider to open herself up to him. He slid into her further, then a little more as she reached out and grabbed his hip. He felt a slight tug as she asked for more until he had his entire length in her.
"Holy shit." He moaned. She pulled him down kissed under his chin and then up his neck to his ear.
"I'm so full, and so fucking wet. I can feel it running down my the crack of my ass." She gasped into his ear. "Take it easy, like rowing a boat, long and steady strokes." He felt her grip down on his cock as he stroked in and out of her, his pace picking up as he took full, deep strokes into her. She began moaning louder, her hands grasping at his back and her legs pulling him into her with each stroke.
"Harder!" She cried out, and he began slamming deep into her with each stroke and she lifted her arms and pressed against the headboard to leverage her body up to his with each stroke. He was driving into her hard enough to lift her ass off the bed and she was encouraging him with each pass until he couldn't take any more and pushed deep into her one last time and erupted. She grabbed at his ass to hold him in place, feeling it flex forward as he emptied himself deep inside her. When he stopped flexing, he gasped for air and collapsed onto her hearing her giggle in his ear. He pulled back slowly and fell to the side.
As soon as she caught her breath she rolled over him and looked down between her legs at his spent cock clad in red. "You could fill a tea cup with that." She said laughing. "Let's get that off and clean you up a bit. A long dribble fell from between her legs onto his torso. "I may need a bit of a clean up too." She leaned down to his ear. "You did that to me. I'm fucking dripping at the thought of fucking you again." He reached between her legs and slid two fingers into her and she gasped. He made a few come hither motions and slipped them free and brought them to his mouth and sucked them clean. She giggled as she climbed off the bed and disappeared into the bathroom. His head dropped back to the pillow as he got his breathing under control.
"Again?" He wondered if he even could get hard again. She walked back in the room with another towel and a washcloth.
"Up and get rid of that." She nodded at his lap and pointed her toe at the waste basket next to the nightstand. He hadn't noticed it was even there until now and sat up and gently maneuvered the very full condom off and tied it off. "It looks like a water balloon." She said as he dropped it in the bin and knelt down between his legs and began cleaning him with the warm cloth. She sighed at the sight of it, still feeling some firmness as she lavished it with attention and began to dry it off. She set aside the towels and nuzzled it to her cheek again. "Mmm, I can't wait to cum with this monster inside of me." She lifted it and licked one of his balls and took it into her mouth rolling it back and forth over her tongue. "I want these empty before you leave. I want you to be shooting dust for a week. I want you to remember me fondly as the girl who drained your balls." She laughed and sucked the other ball into her mouth rolling her tongue around it as she gently stroked his cock. She looked at it and pursed her lips, and stood up. She took Tom by the back of the knees and turned him back onto the bed with more strength than he expected causing him to let out a little whoop. As he fell back he saw her husband in the chair where he sat sphinx-like, watching their every move. She joined him, straddling his legs and took his cook in hand and stroked it gently once more. "You know what I want? I want to ride you like a carousel pony bringing you slowly to the edge, then I'm going to ride you like a fucking pogo stick and see how long you can last." She leaned down and sucked one of his nipples into her mouth and tugged it with her teeth only just letting it go when it neared pain. "Most of all I want to cum while it's buried inside of me. You know how to do that Tom?" She smiled down at him.
He reached up between her legs and gave clit a long hard stroke causing her to gasp.
"You do. It's my magic button Tom, but I want to get you off again. I wasn't kidding about draining you. I want you unable to get this to do anything for a few days. Hell I'd be even more proud if you had trouble walking, like I'm bound to." She said with a huge grin. "I want to go off with you this time. Use me like your personal fuck doll." She leaned over and took the other nipple and gave it the same treatment.
"I'm dead and I've gone to heaven. That's the only explanation for this." Tom gasped.
"Aww, that's sweet." She sidled up and kissed his cheek and worked back towards his ear. "It's not often a girl is told that her pussy is heaven on earth." She kept stroking his cock. "You're pretty terrific yourself. I like this a lot and I want to thank you for not wrecking me with it." She leaned forward and nearly kissed him but caught herself and smiled lowering herself to kiss the hollow of his throat and give it a little lick. He was hard again and she reached over and took another condom from the pile and the bottle of lube again. She put the condom packet to her teeth and tore it open, and cupped her hand and poured a large bead into the palm of her hand. "Give me your hand, I could use a little myself."
Tom lifted his hand and cupped it and she ran a bead back and forth over his fingertips. I stroked his cock and slid the condom down the shaft, lubricating the outside too. His hand slipped between her thighs as she had leaned forward and he spread the lubricant wide and deep eliciting a sharp sigh from her. She closed her eyes and had her lower lip between her teeth again as he rubbed her clit in slow circles.
"Stop!" She gasped. "Not that way, I want to fuck you, make me cum like the slut that I am with your cock pounding into me." She opened her eyes to slits and smiled. Tom paused, a feral glint in his eyes as he took her and lifted her onto his lap surprising her with his strength. "That's it!" She cried out. She wrapped her arm around his neck and pulled him towards her and jammed all of the pillows behind him and reclined him back before reaching for his cock. She placed it against her lips and though she'd just had it, held her breath in anticipation of it parting her so completely once more. She rode it down in a single stroke this time and they both moaned.
Dawn pulled him forward and kissed his forehead and directed his mouth to her chest as she rode up and down gently. He latched on to her breast his tongue flicking the tender nipple causing her to moan. Soon she began breathing in short gasps, her hips moving faster as he moved to the other side, his hands massaging tenderly as he tilted his hips upward with each down stroke. She gasped and kissed the top of his head.
"You are so beautiful." He said, and kissed his way up her chest to her neck. She tilted her head back and leaned into him letting him have it all. She moaned as she drove downward harder. His hand slipped down between them and he found the slippery center of heat between them and began to rub in slow circles causing her to cry out.
"Oh fuck yes!" She began rocking her hips forward into his touch, hungry for more of it. "Wait," she cried, "not until you're ready." His mouth ravaged her neck, her chin, her chest as his fingers increased in pressure and speed. "Ahh!" She cried out, her body began to convulse and she gripped down hard with each stroke. She rocked forward hard as the pleasure washed over her. She went slack in his arms, her body still shivering from her orgasm. He picked her up without pulling out and laid her across the bed and continued to gently rock into her until he couldn't take any more and drove forward with a last push as he climaxed.
Tom collapsed on Dawn, both completely spent, gasping for breath. She wrapped her arms and legs around him and trailed kisses from his shoulder to his neck. "I don't know if anyone has ever told you this, but you are a terrific lover." She nibbled his earlobe. Eventually she felt him go soft inside her, but she felt no less full because of it. He kissed her shoulder, licking the damp skin up to her neck.
"Thank you. You're pretty sensational yourself." He lifted up and leaned down to kiss her and just in time, she turned just enough to catch it on the cheek. He let out a low growl and sat up, their sticky, damp skin pulling apart. Cool air passed between them and cooled them. He knelt between her outstretched legs looking down at her, her skin showing red marks where he'd grasped, bitten and sucked on it. He followed the lines of her body and looked between her legs to see her red and swollen, fluids oozing onto the sheets, her thighs still trembled in the aftermath. He looked at her face and found a little smile on her lips, her eyes half closed, and cheeks flushed with a satisfied glow. She was a mess, and he didn't think he'd ever seen a lovelier sight in his life.
"Thank you... so much." He whispered. Her smile widened.
"The pleasure was all mine." A laugh erupted from deep in her chest.
"I assure you it wasn't all yours." The door of the room clicked and Tom swiveled around to see who was there and saw no one. The chair where her husband had sat was empty. He looked back at Dawn who had a wry smile on her face. "He's just going to leave you here?"
"Why not? It's not as if we haven't already fucked ourselves senseless." She shrugged. "The rules weren't his, they were mine. He would have gladly watched me try and swallow your load and choke on it, letting it run down my chin and tits." She looked down at the swollen red nipples and back up at him smiling. "I'm not so sure I would have minded that myself actually." She raised herself up onto her elbows and took several deep breaths. "Would you mind giving a girl a hand with a shower? I'm not sure can stand on my own in there and I'd hate to have used you hard and put you away dirty."
Tom chuckled and stepped out of bed and removed the full condom, tossing into the bin with the others. Dawn hadn't moved and he reached down and grabbed her ankle and started dragging her to the edge of the bed. She let out a whoop and fell flat as she skidded across the sheets. She sat up laughing, her hair was a wild mess half covering her face. She leaned forward wrapping her arms around his waist and kissed him in the hollow of his hip, her tongue flicking the salty skin. She leaned back and looked up at him and held her arms up like a child wanting to be lifted up. To her surprise he did just that causing another fit of laughter. He turned her toward the bathroom and set her on the counter top, and warmed up the shower. He looked over his shoulder to see her piling her hair up on her head and putting a clip in it. He walked back to her and she wrapped her legs around him again, a grin spreading across her face. She leaned forward and nuzzled his cheek giving it a little peck as she wrapped her arms around his neck again. He lifted her off the counter and walked her under the water of the shower She squealed trying to cover her head and shook water off her face. A quick tug and the clip was tossed across the room as she stood up on her own.
He pushed her under the water, her smile never left her face, the water slid down her body in rivulets. They washed quickly, then Tom began massaging her back under the hot spray.
"Oh my." She whispered as abused muscles relaxed. She leaned into him letting him rub her back, his hands dipping lower to massage her ass which caused her to giggle into the hollow of his neck.
"I'm curious. How in hell did you end up here Tom?" She gave his shoulder a bite as he dug his thumbs into her lower back.
He rattled off his flight from Boston to Chicago, mentioning an unfortunate stop in Detroit.
"Unfortunate?"
"Have you ever been to Detroit?" He laughed.
"Turn around." She pointed to the wall and she began to rub his back down. "Seriously, the look on your face when I asked where your wedding ring was came up with more guilt than I've seen in a long time. Yet," she paused searching for words, "you didn't seem to hesitate taking me up on my offer."
"I'm guessing you haven't looked in the mirror lately." He said with a groan as she dug her thumbs into his back.
"No I have no humility on that front. I know I'm pretty hot, even for an old chick."
Tom busted out laughing at that. "You're not even thirty, guaranteed!"
"On the contrary, I turned thirty a few months ago."
"Well you're holding up pretty well for an old lady." He said, the sarcasm thick in his voice.
"Fucker!" She slapped his ass hard, the crack echoed off the tile.
"Yea that's about as good a description of me as there is right now." He said. She heard the regret in his voice and leaned forward and wrapped her arms around him.
"Tell me about her." For a few moments the only sound was the shower spray running and the low gurgle of the drain. He turned in her arms and wrapped her in his own and kissed her forehead.
"Let's dry off, I'm not sure I can stand up much longer you succubus." Dawn laughed at him and opened the shower door. They dried each other off and walked out to the bedroom.
"Whew!" Dawn waved away the scent. "I pity the maid that cleans this room in the morning. It smells like a strawberry laced orgy went on in here." She yanked at the sheet to pull it off the bed and we disentangled the top sheet from the pile on the floor and remade the bed with that. She threw the pillows back on and directed him to lay back against the headboard. She held up a finger and went back to the bath and came back with another towel and her hairbrush. She climbed up and straddled his lap settling down and began toweling her hair dry.
He looked at her and laughed, shaking his head in disbelief. "Seriously?" He looked down at his cock addressing it. "You have a centerfold right in front of you and you're going to act like you don't have an eye?"
Dawn laughed and reached down and patted his cock. "Hey, he's been good, he's just a little tired out, that's all." She looked at him for a long moment and lifted the brush to her hair drawing it down slowly. "North end?"
"Me?" He looked shrewdly at her nodded then looked away, hesitant. "We're the Boston version of a mixed marriage." He said with a little laugh and went silent. Dawn drew the brush through her hair a few times then leaned dramatically over as if it was pulling her sideways and made a face at him. He laughed and turned back as she righted herself on his lap.
"So Irish and Italian ancestry." Dawn grinned. "Sounds like a good recipe for a lot of yelling and some broken dishes." They both laughed at that.
"We're on our third kitchen set." He laughed and sighed.
"So... why am I straddling you naked instead of her?" She asked softly.
He shook his head, staring at some point in the center of Dawn's chest, not seeing her. He thought for a long time before he started talking. He told her the story of how they both got into their careers and started acting like roommates rather than a married couple. They had agreed to wait for kids though they both wanted them. They finally got to a time where they could afford the time and expense. Tom made a crack about enjoying the making part. Dawn laughed and said that she agreed that she was really enjoying that part too. They were getting the romance back. He went quiet again and she just laid a hand over his heart until he started again. Once little Tommy was born she turned cold. "Postpartum depression the doctors said." They'd tried some counseling but nothing was bringing her out of it. He told Dawn that Angie was aware that it was hurting their relationship and told him that he should get some on the side.
"She said that?" Dawn seemed incredulous at the suggestion. Tom just nodded.
"When she found out that I had to make this trip she told me to get some ass, even if I had to seek professional help." His laugh rueful at the thought.
"She wanted you to get a prostitute."
"Well only if I struck out on my own." He laughed and smiled at Dawn. "I didn't, well I sort of didn't."
"You most definitely did not strike out. I'd say you put it over the left field wall actually." She smiled back at him and demonstrated grabbing the hairbrush with both hands and swung it like a bat. They were both lost in thought for a moment. "She knew you needed something she couldn't give you. Love, affection, whatever, and she wanted you to get it somewhere."
Tom nodded. "I love her now as much if not more than the day I asked her to marry me. She's mine, she's the mother of our child, but... it's as if she's not in there any more. You know what I mean?"
Dawn nodded, "I do know." She paused and asked, "So what have you done to find her?" He looked up sharply at that.
"I worked my ass off this year to make sure we could stay afloat with only one income, but it hurt. I worked until six, seven every night and I'd bring home work. Tommy would be in bed by the time I got home. She'd have something she'd made earlier for me to reheat and she'd go to bed exhausted from taking care of him and keeping everything else going. I tried helping out, doing the laundry on the weekends, cleaning up, doing the groceries just to give her more time, to take the load off."
Dawn pursed her lips and closed one eye. "What did you do to findher?" She asked again, stressing the point.
He looked annoyed at the question but took a deep breath and replied. "I did what I thought was right. She pulled back. She would always be dressed in sweats and curled up on the couch. She didn't want to even talk to me, only watch TV. I'd suggest we dress up, go out and she came up with an excuse. Both of our mothers offered to watch Tommy, on more than one occasion but it didn't help."
Dawn nodded as she reached over and put the hairbrush on the nightstand. "She gained some weight during the pregnancy?"
"She's still so beautiful to me and I had hoped it would be temporary. As soon as Tommy started crawling she would be able to sit for a moment." He chuckled and went silent. "One night a month or so ago my mother and I planned a night out, we didn't even tell Angie we just set it up so she would show up and kick us out of the house. Angie and her got into it and mom said some things that probably made it worse. He told Dawn about the argument that ensued after his mother left. How Angie accused him of setting her up. He yelled at Angie telling her that he wanted his family back. "I wanted her back, the woman who would call me an asshole for saying the Yankees had a better pitching staff that year." He smiled. "The one who would sit cross-legged on the hood of my car and drink wine from a paper cup and look at the stars, and the lights of the city from Revere Beach. We'd go up to Salem at Halloween and have so much fun." A tear slid down his face and Dawn reached up and wiped it away with her thumb. Her own voice lost for the moment. "Now she's afraid to take her clothes off if I'm in the room."
Dawn leaned forward and wrapped her arms around his neck, Tom responded by wrapping her into a tight hug. "I love my wife. I just don't know how to get her to understand that I never stopped." He croaked and she felt the tears touch her shoulder. They talked late into the night, Dawn mostly listened but offered a few ideas that came to her as they spoke. One of which was to make her sweats disappear one set at a time as he did the laundry. They laughed at the little conspiracy she'd cooked up.
"Get her out of the fucking house. Do anything, make it a point to walk every park in the city, climb Bunker Hill, what ever it takes to get the stank blown off because she's hiding from you and the world. Don't let her get away with it. If you have to deflect a few punches along the way then do it. Take little Tommy and put him in the walker and go, see if she doesn't start to follow." She put her forehead to his. "Most of all, it's time for you to stop pulling the ten, eleven, twelve hour work days. I imagine as a suit you work on salary, so leave at quitting time and go, the fuck, home. Don't bring work home, don't answer emails, just be home, make dinner, wash the dishes, feed, bathe and change Tommy, give her a night off. If she has any girl friends, push her at them for a girls night out, but keep at it. You can do this." She smiled at him and leaned back.
He laughed and shook his head as he looked her up and down. "I'm in bed naked with a beautiful woman because my wife told me to go out and get laid and we end up talking about how I can get her back."
"Well, you did get laid. So did the hottie on your lap. My old man got to watch so I'd say we covered all of our bases." She reached up and placed her palm to his cheek and he kissed the base of her thumb. "What happens now Tom?"
He sighed. "I finish up the last meeting on Monday and pray like hell we get this contract, then fly home that night."
Dawn smiled and cocked her head waiting for more.
"I go home and get my wife back." He smiled looking into her face.
"Good." She gave him a kiss on the cheek. Their eyes met and they both stopped, they looked at one another for a long moment, lips parted. She closed her eyes and they kissed, their lips meeting for the first time. "Sometimes rules are meant to be broken." She whispered and smiled. "Now get out of here before I take you down again. As it is I'm going to be walking bow-legged for a week stud." She leaned up and took his ear lobe between her teeth and growled.
* * * * *
Four years, he thought, since his life had turned on its proverbial ear and the doors that he hadn't even known were there began to open before him. He looked across his office then at the wide windows overlooking the lake. "Office with a view," he thought to himself. It all happened after that week in Chicago.
He had flown out to save the sales team from losing a very big fish of an account. The client thought Tom's firm couldn't handle the job. He sat down with their team and went over the requirements and specifications, and eventually clinched the deal. It was a huge feather in his cap. When he got back to his office he got called into a meeting with his boss and the few who consisted of the board of the company and got a very nice pat on the head, a new position and, when the end of the fiscal came around, a large bonus check. That had helped set him, and his family up with a nice nest egg. Two years later the company went public and he got recommended to replace his boss as director of engineering when his boss moved up to chief operating officer. He continued to excel and as the company grew quickly they had decided to split their office and expand to the west coast, the board came to him to head up that new office. He sat in the corner office overlooking the Seattle skyline as vice president of engineering and development. He had never thought he would reach these heights before he hit forty and yet here he was watching a helicopter float across the distant skyline.
He'd stopped working and was just staring out over the city, the quiet buzz of the office beyond his door didn't distract him from his reminiscing. He couldn't believe it was only coincidence, but he could never put together a scenario that could have explained how it all fell into place that week. He put a few papers into a folder and closed it sliding it into his laptop case. It was a few hours early but he'd do more than make up for it over the holiday weekend. He wanted to get home and spend a little time with little Tommy and Angie before they had to leave for their appointment. It would take him nearly an hour to drive home. That was something he wasn't quite getting used to is the time it took to travel around the lake from south Seattle to the suburb where they made their home. It wouldn't have been different in Boston, he thought. As soon as he could have he would have moved them out to the suburbs to give Tommy a little room to grow.
He opened the door from the garage into the kitchen and called out to Angie, his son rocketed into his leg and hopped up and down. He heard her call back from another room as he set his case down and hoisted Tommy off the floor and flipped him over and tickled him.
"Have you been good or have you been driving your mom crazy today?" He said tickling him into a fit of giggles as he carried him into the other room. Angie was sitting on the floor going through a box of books and lining them up on the built in bookcase of the office in their new home. Her face glowed from the exertion of moving around boxes and unpacking the non-essential household items that had been put aside for the last few weeks.
"Hey gorgeous."
She turned her face towards him and smiled. Her hair was disheveled, held back by a bandanna, her tee shirt smudged and dirty.
"You're a dirty liar, and I love you for it." She turned and flipped one of the books over and slid it onto the shelf. "Am I running behind?" She turned and glanced around the room searching for an indication. There wasn't a clock so she alighted on the window to see if she could tell by the daylight.
"Nope, I just wanted to come home a little early and spend some time with you before we headed over to the school."
Angie smiled at that and gave a little groan as she stood and stretched. "I see you picked up a monkey on the way in. Are we allowed to have a pet here?" She said running fingers up little Tom's stomach causing even more giggles.
"I don't know, there might be rules against that here. Maybe if we kept him in a cage and don't tell the neighbors we'll be okay."
"Did you pick up all of the toys from the floor of your room." She turned her head and gave her son a strict look.
His giggles died out as let out a small answer in the affirmative. She just stared at him with a little more sternness and he changed his answer to no. His father righted him and set him on the floor and pointed him towards the stairs. "Better get a move on, Maddie will be here in a little while and she won't be happy if there's stuff all over the place." Maddie was an au pair who we'd found through a service. She had been invaluable in helping them with Tommy while they moved in over the past couple months.
"I should probably get cleaned up." She leaned forward and gave him a quick kiss and turned to hustle Tommy up the stairs. "Come on little man." He began climbing the stairs and she turned back to her husband. "Come on big man, I'm going to need a hand washing my back." She winked and started up the stairs.
She stripped and headed for the shower and I grinned as I watched her. She enjoyed the attention and I was glad for it after everything we'd been through since Tommy was born. Never skinny she had curves and wore them very well. I made sure she scrubbed behind her ears and her back got a thorough wash before exiting and drying off to see how Tommy was doing with cleaning up. That had been going slowly as each toy he picked up to put away, he stopped to play with so I found myself helping him along. We chatted about what he and Maddie would do tonight while his mother and I were gone. We had applied to the private school as soon as we arrived. Angie having performed a lot of her research into good ones before we even got here. As it was they were having an open house tonight for prospective applicants and we'd been invited to attend, so we planned a night out after as well.
Tommy was telling me all about the kind if pizza they would get and what they would watch on TV, and how late he would stay up. I chuckled knowing that Maddie would have a lot of input about those plans. I chivied him off to a quick bath and got him into pajamas early. He loved it even if it was only late afternoon. I went and changed into a more casual outfit than my daily suit but still nice enough for dinner out. Angie came out of the bathroom fidgeting with an earring she'd just put in. Her outfit was sexy, a black dress with lace sleeves with lace at the hem just above her knees. I held my breath for a moment at the sight of her. I grabbed a sport coat off a hanger and closed the closet door. The front doorbell rang and Angie made a move to go answer it.
There was another whirlwind of activity as Tommy went sailing past like a hound on point towards Maddie. We talked with her for a few minutes while we prepared to leave. Angie got her folio with all of her notes and questions and I gathered up Tommy and gave him the usual run down for bed time in front of Maddie so there wouldn't be any arguments, though I knew there would be some seriously haggling over it when bed time actually came.
They arrived at the school just as the open house began. They were greeted by a staff member and given a packet of information and directed to where the reception was being held. They wandered around and found tables with further information about the different activities and fields of study at the school. There were staff members milling about answering questions. Tom looked up and froze.
He hadn't seen her in four years, but he knew it was her, he had no doubt. She looked nearly the same, a little older around the eyes, but that could just be fatigue. She was still trim and fit, a fact that wasn't hidden by the gray suit coat and knee length skirt. He stood rooted to the spot and soaked up every detail he could.
"Are you okay?" Angie asked him softly. "You look like you've seen a ghost."
He tore his gaze from Dawn and looked at Angie. "I'm good, I just thought I saw someone I knew."
She looked at him a moment and cocked an eyebrow. "I'm guessing by the reaction either someone you didn't want to see, or someone you thought you'd never see."
He gave her a crooked smile. "The latter."
Angie's face froze. "Is it?"
Tom nodded in the direction he had been looking. "Would you mind if we split up for a few minutes?"
Angie didn't like choice of terms but she trusted him more now than she ever had, and she had that woman to thank for it. She let out a sigh and nodded. "I'll go over and check out the music and arts program down at the other end of the room." She turned to walk off and stopped, a hand on his arm. "The old offer isn't open any more Tom. We've moved past that." He gave her a smile, and leaned down and kissed her.
"I know, and remember that was your idea, never mine." Tom walked around behind where she stood and waited as she finished speaking with the woman in front of her. The lady gave a nod to him and smiled as she walked off. Dawn turned and with the shock of recognition turned nearly as white as a sheet. She froze, and he saw her throat bob as she swallowed, a strained smile spread across her face.
"Hello."
I looked down at the name badge on her lapel. "Hello Ms. Bonheur." I said it slowly so as to pronounce it correctly and not say Bonner. She took my proffered hand and gave it a shake, but didn't let it go for a long moment.
"I never thought I'd seeyouagain." She said with a little laugh.
"I felt the same way until I froze in my tracks across the room there." There was a momentary strain as we both waited for the other to take the first step. She brought her hands up in front of her and shrugged, a nervous laugh escaped her lips and she opened her arms and gave him a hug. He whispered, "Miss?" He felt her head bob slightly as her chin rested momentarily on his shoulder. They stepped apart.
"I have you to thank for that." She said, he noticed her eyes welling up.
"Oh no!" He whispered harshly and reached for his handkerchief.
"Yes." She smiled and thanked him. "It's clich to say this," her voice lowered, and her eyes darted around to see who might be close by and continued, "you ruined me for other men."
Tom's mouth went dry and he swallowed dramatically. She reached out and touched his hand. "Don't worry, it was going to happen anyway, it wasn't anything you could have prevented and it was a few years after we met."
He relaxed a little at that but was building up so many more questions. His mouth hung open as he processed it all.
"Are you here with your wife?"
"What? Oh, yes. We're looking for a school for Tommy."
He glanced down at her name badge again and saw her title. She was the assistant director of education and head of the language department. "Celeste." He said her name softly. He looked back up at her smile and saw it had turned bittersweet and he wasn't sure if it was due to meeting again or that he and his wife had reconciled their differences. He glanced around to make sure they weren't overheard. "I told her eventually, the whole sordid story." He smirked. "Then I began to win her back as you suggested. It was a lot of hard work, some yelling and crying, an occasional thrown dish, it worked."
"I'm so happy for the two of you." She swallowed the lump in her throat and willed herself not to tear up. "So the question now is, how are you going to introduce me? She knows something must be up if you acted as if you saw a ghost when you saw me."
"I told her. That's her speaking with the lady in blue." He nodded at the other end of the room. Celeste turned and glanced in the direction he indicated.
"The hot one in the little black dress?" She said smiling as she turned back to him.
"That's her. It took her a long time to believe it, but it finally stuck."
"Angela isn't it?" She asked. Tom smiled at her recognition and nodded.
"Yes it is, Celeste." He laughed. "I've got to remember that. I've always thought of you as Dawn, even though I knew it wasn't your real name."
"Listen," she began giving him a shrewd look, "this is a bad way to reminisce. If she's willing to meet me without clawing my eyes out, I'd like to talk with you. Do you think she'd be okay with dinner at my place? Both of you of course." She added with a nervous laugh as she leaned in closer. "She probably wouldn't trust us alone. I wouldn't blame her either."
"I'll ask her. We were going to talk about the school over dinner. She wouldn't have dressed like that just for this. She might have been a little more bold if she knew you were here." He chuckled.
She turned him towards Angie and gave him a little push before turning back to her table and straightening out the presentations. As soon as she was free a couple stepped forward to speak with her. Tom turned and went to see speak with his wife.
"Celeste?" She turned and was face to face with Angie who looked up at her, eyes wide and smiling. "I've always thought of you as Dawn." She whispered.
Celeste let out a soft laugh. "You can understand why I wouldn't use my real name... in that situation." She let out a little gasp as Angela surprised her with a powerful hug.
"Thank you." She whispered. "I'll talk to Maddie and see if she can watch Tommy tomorrow night too."
Celeste took one of her business cards and put her info on the back and handed it to Angela. "Let me know." She gave them a wink. "I know this may change your mind about having Tommy attend class here and I understand. I can make another recommendation that's not far, a good school." Celeste paused as Angela took her arm and shook her head.
"No, not at all. Tell us about the language program." She added with a little smile.
* * *
Angela held Tom's hand as they sat at the table. "Do you believe this? She's gorgeous, everything you described."
He shook his head. "No, I mean. I'm blown away by it actually."
"Hey, don't clam up on me now." She said trying to poke him out of his reverie.
Tom looked at her, "I don't know what you want me to say."
She paused and looked down at their hands. "Tell me how you feel about it."
"I... I don't know, it's hard to say. I was excited at first, but then I realized what it meant and it scares the hell out of me." He gripped her hand a little tighter.
"Afraid that you don't have the willpower?" Her eyebrow went up with a corner of her mouth.
"The willpower to what?"
"The willpower to not answer if she calls. " Angela said.
"You're the one with her number."
Angela leaned on the palm of her hand with a smug look. "I know, and if I find it on your phone I'll smother you in your sleep." She said with a smile.
Tom laughed knowing that she was mostly kidding.
"Either way I like the school."
"So do I." Tom sighed.
* * *
Maddie had been more than happy to come back on Saturday. Tom and Angela made their way to the suburb listed on the card. It was a condo on a street sloped down to the water on the east side of Lake Washington. A small copse of evergreens stood sentinel on the front corner of the small parking area. We were asked to park at the far end where the spaces were marked for guests. We found our way to the right stairway and knocked on the door.
"Hi there." Celeste opened the door wide and stepped back. Angie walked in ahead of me smiling and handing over a huge bouquet of flowers and I held up two bottles of wine. "Wow thank you! Make yourselves comfortable."
It was impossible to miss the fact that she had worn the same leather mini skirt that had caught my attention a few years ago with a faded blue button down top. She excused herself to find a vase and told me to follow her into the kitchen.
"Glasses there, opener in that drawer." She said pointing as she reached up onto the top shelf for a vase, distracting me from what I was doing. She turned and caught me, giving me a rueful smile.
"Some things never change." She said softly, giving the front of his slacks a quick pat.
"Well you're still gorgeous so it's not really my fault is it."
"Is she prepared for me to be totally candid about this?"
"I would like that and I'm sure she would too. I think it's safer that way."
"Good." She reached into the fridge and pulled out a little platter of nibbles. She looked up at the clock as we walked into the living area with the glasses and platter. She set it on the coffee table with a little pile of napkins. "I was thinking of dinner for around seven if that's okay?" She glanced up at the clock. We both nodded.
Celeste took a glass from me and Angela the other and I lifted mine. "To happenstance." I offered in salute.
"Ooh that's good." Celeste said looking down at her glass.
"Um, to blast through as many awkward cobwebs as we can as quickly as we can I want you to know that he was completely honest when told you the story about me pushing him out of the house with thealmostcompletely guilt free offer to get himself laid." Angela said with a sigh. Celeste was about to say something and Angie stopped her with a quick wave. "It was me, we'd talked about postpartum depression before Tommy was born and I didn't think it was something I'd suffer. I was pretty happy-go-lucky and thought I'd be the same after. I wasn't. I turned into a listless zombie, truth be told." She took a deep breath and let it out slowly and she took my hand. "I tried, and damn did Tom try but nothing worked. I went from laying there like a dead fish during sex to avoiding it completely with a regular incidence of unplanned headaches. I knew what it was doing to him, he tried to get me to talk to the doctor about it and I did and since I wasn't nursing, medication was an option, but I didn't want to be on drugs. I was avoiding the issue, and I knew it was hurting us badly which is why after eight months when he had to go to Chicago for that meeting I told him that he should find himself some relief, a professional or something."
"Well he found me." Celeste smiled. "I'm a professional though not that kind of professional." She said with a laugh. "As I told him I don't only have a degree in Romance languages and education, I have another in psychology. When we finally tuckered ourselves out." Celeste blushed at that statement. "We had a long talk afterward. He felt very guilty and I'm not sure if he doesn't still by the look on his face and the grip he has on your hand. He looks as if I'm going to grab him and haul him to the bedroom."
"That skirt and those heels." He said with a little shake of his head. "You looked heaven sent."
"These heels are new." She said lifting the toe of the blue leather. "The skirt is the same. I'm flattered that you remembered." She added with a wink. Celeste took a deep breath and let it out.
"I have a little story of my own to tell, and it is very likely the reason we both ended up here right now, as fate would have it." She smiled at them and took a long pull of her wine. She cupped the glass in her palm, dangling it over the arm of the chair as she began. "That entire encounter was not coincidental." She bit her lip and raised her eyebrows at Tom. "You see, the head of the team that you went out to Chicago to meet, was my ex-husband. Who shall remain nameless since you may very well still be doing business with him."
Tom gasped. Celeste held up a hand to delay his questions and she continued. "You didn't actually meet him at the office, he was in another office at the time and you spoke with him on a couple conference calls. That's why he never spoke when he was in the room with us. He was afraid you might recognize his voice. He was so impressed by you he did a little research and decided that since you were in town alone and from the east coast he was going to see if he could set up one of his little fantasy nights."
"So that was true." Tom said, no question in his voice.
"Yes it was true. He liked to watch, he liked to be put down and in general liked to be cuckolded. I on the other hand am a bit of a wild child." She blushed again. "As you found out, and I was open minded enough to go along with it so long as we set some ground rules. He sent me a picture of you from some online profile and I was completely okay with his choice of targets." She smiled. "He found out where you were staying and got a suite and we staked you out. I knew your name before you even walked over to me." Celeste paused and bit her lip. "I would have kicked anybody else that approached me to the curb, and I was surprised and slightly annoyed nobody else did."
"It wasn't for a lack of admirers, that's for sure. Conversation pretty much stopped when you walked in." Tom glanced at his wife and back at Celeste. "Truth is I thought you were a professional in that outfit." He added with a little cough and glanced aside.
"I'm kind of glad I didn't have to make the first move. I was already dressed like a high priced street walker." She let out a nervous laugh. Tom looked aside at Angie and her eyes were wide as Celeste described the outfit that her ex had laid out for her, only one part of which was this skirt as she described it head to toe.
"So he decided I should get a reward for my hard work, and it was you?"
"Well he wanted to fulfill his fantasy, but I think that may have been part of it, and I'm not going to lie, there was a little bit of my own fantasy fulfillment in there as well. I think it worked out for everyone involved." Her voice trailed off.
"What happened?" Tom asked.
Celeste pursed her lips. "Until later that the week. He got angry. Green-eyed-monster jealous angry, which was something new. He'd never done that before. We'd only played that little scene a few times in the six years we were married, it wasn't a regular occurrence." She swallowed hard and took a long sip from her glass. "I was part of the problem. You see." She took a moment then let out a sigh. "I'd become smitten, I had a crush on you and not only for your body. The gentle strength, the way you talked about how you loved your wife and family. You hit every romantic element with a single stroke. I never realized how much I was missing until then." Celeste let out another nervous laugh. "At this point I will tell you that I never did anything about it, despite knowing enough to find you." She directed that statement to Angie. "I was married, he's married, and after the talk we had I was hoping he still was. I'm so happy to see that's the case." She smiled with genuine warmth. Angie's grip on his hand tightened a little. "I'm not a homewrecker and I had no intention of doing so. I honestly wasn't happy about his little plan when I saw the ridge of your missing ring." She gave a little shrug. "My thing was the danger, with a little exhibitionism throw in for good measure. We lived there you know. We weren't from out of town. He and I had a home up in Glencoe. When he left the room that night, he went home."
"I was always curious about that. I never understood how he could just leave you alone in a hotel room with a stranger like that."
"As I said then, it's not as if we hadn't already gotten to know each other, if you get my drift." She answered gingerly.
"You don't need to dance around the subject. I'm sure he's sitting here wondering if you're wearing underwear right now." Angie said plainly and sipped her wine. Tom nearly choked.
"I'm not sure which answer you'd like more." Celeste said with a grin. "That's not true, I know which answer he'd like more. I'll let you both wonder for now." She gave Tom a wink. "I got off track. Suffice to say that he didn't like the fact that I hadn't let you pass into history as just another random guy he'd set me up to fuck so he could watch."
"He sounds like a fucking pimp." Angie said, her expression was a mix of disgusted and annoyed.
"Like I said, it kind of fed into my own fantasies. I like attention, I like when people enjoy looking at me. I know it probably sounds conceited but," she shrugged, "I'm a bit of an attention whore that way. I've been known to act up when I'm away from home, flashing people, teasing them. It's fun. After the divorce, I went to Mexico to blow off some steam. I had a good time torturing guys who were with their wives or girlfriends. Adjust the seat or top of a bikini, wander around in a short little mini-dress with nothing on underneath. I sat in a bar and crossed my legs back from one leg to the other so often I was gathering a fucking audience." She said laughing. "What I'm saying is don't pin this all on him. I had my own reasons for going through with it in each case. I'm not an amoral slut, but I do like sex and I indulge deeply when I do indulge. Okay, maybe I'm a little amoral." She laughed again.
"Either way, he must have liked what he saw. He came home from work a few days later and said that you had flown home. He placed a long call with your boss, your company got the contract. You were given sole credit for saving the day."
Tom's mouth hung open. "That was it. You were the link."
Celeste nodded. "If you felt that was the turning point of your fortunes then yes. Indirectly it was me. Conversely, you showed me what I hadn't been aware of in my own marriage, and after a little plate throwing, and him knocking up his secretary, it was time to change my own fortunes."
"Why here?" Tom asked.
"The job, it was a nice bump in pay and I needed to move on and I wouldn't have gotten any peace in Chicago. He would have been petty and made life miserable at every turn so I put some space between us. I'm going for my doctorate, it's a good next step for me and I've always loved the ocean and it's just a little way that way." She pointed towards the setting sun.
"No bullshit?" Tom seemed skeptical.
Celeste laughed. "No bullshit. I've been here for two years, you're the one that just got here. Did you stalk me?" The grin on her face told him that she didn't consider it a possibility but teased him anyway.
He shook his head and smiled. "You gave me my life back. I had no reason to seek you out again."
"Come on, tell me about it while I start dinner. Give me one minute though I'm going to change out of this, I don't want any accidents ruining the leather. Excuse me a moment." She came back surprisingly fast this time wearing a denim mini skirt, this one pleated giving her a little room to move. She went into the little galley kitchen and waved us over. "Bring the wine and belly up to the bar."
Angie slid onto one of the bar stools and before Tom could sit he was conscripted to help. He was set up to begin a salad, of which he only needed to assemble, except when Celeste handed him a bowl of strawberries. "Slice these up and mix them in with the spinach, the pecans are ready to go I toasted them this morning." The gleam in her eye was nearly wicked. Tom drank deeply of his wine and looked at Angie.
"I think you're driving home." He said with a little laugh as he refilled his glass. The scent of the strawberries filled the small space quickly.
"Mmm, I love fresh strawberries." Celeste said as she snagged a slice off the cutting board. Tom's eyes bugged out, but he didn't look at her as he finished the task. Tom had the salad prepared and she set him up with a grater and a large block of cheese. "At least half of that block, then turn and shave some of it for the top of the salad please." She gave him a wink and turned back to the pan on the burner. She dropped a large handful of pasta into the tall pot and followed with a fistful of salt and gave it a stir. A bowl of chicken went into the pan, things started moving quickly as Tom stepped back and watched after not being directed to do anything further. The denim swirled around her thighs as she turned to and fro.
"Things improved by leaps and bounds after I left Chicago. First my boss hauled me into his office and gave me a promotion and a raise. He even told me that I wasn't to do any more overtime, I had a new baby and a very tired wife at home that needed me more than researching coding errors at seven at night. He was right, and I started leaving on time." He walked around the corner of the counter and stood behind Angie and rubbed her back. "The fiscal came up a few months later and I got a surprising bonus. I even asked if it was correct and my boss just smiled and changed the subject. But you knew all about that. You were right. I started to fight back at home." He looked at Angie and kissed her behind the ear causing her to smile. "I drew her out by dragging her out of the house. I led her around using Tommy as a lure. 'Oh we had a great time at the park' and 'It's too bad you didn't want to come, we could have gotten such cute pictures of him trying his first ice cream cone' and soon she felt she was missing out on her own son and she came out of her hole." Tom laughed as he got an elbow to the ribs.
"He stole all of my sweats out of the dryer and donated them to the homeless. One night after I put Tommy to bed I came down and he made a candle-lit dinner for the two of us. I cried my eyes out because I didn't think I deserved it. He broke me that night." Angie said turned and kissed him. "Things started to get better after that. I started to feel like I hadn't lost him and when I was comfortable enough I cornered him to tell me about his trip considering so many things happened for him at work right after." Angie glanced at Tom. "He didn't want to talk about it at first and it took his favorite dessert. I made him an apple pie."
"I remember that night." He shivered.
Celeste laughed and looked back over her shoulder at him. "Scared were you?"
"The woman is a pastry chef, she can bench press big bags of flour and knead dough for hours, I was not relishing the idea of getting a beating when I told her about you."
"I set him up and I had no right to blame him for finally taking me up on it." Angie said. "I'm glad that when he did, he found you." She said more softly. "He didn't go into a blow-by-blow account." She snickered at that. "But he did mention a few funny highlights. You should have seen my face the first time I saw it. I thought he'd stolen a salami and slid it into his pants."
"No kidding!" Celeste whipped around and agreed. "At first I was going back and forth between thinking I'd gotten very lucky and that there was no freakin' way that was going to fit." She said with a blush on her cheeks. Tom joined in blushing as well.
"Yea well, we figured it out." He said clearing his throat.
"Have you ever been able to... you know?" Celeste began making a stroking motion towards her mouth while pushing her tongue against the inside of her cheek. Angie started laughing.
"Not much more than you accomplished I'm afraid. Did he tell you what his nickname was in high school?"
Tom tried to cover her mouth and stop her from telling the story. Angie tickled him causing him to reel back. "Remember that he's ticklish in case you need to fend him off in the future."
Celeste raised her eyebrows at that. "So what was his nickname?"
"The guys on his basketball team called him 'Meat' for obvious reasons." She grinned.
Celeste went into a whirlwind of directing Tom to set the table as she put the finishing touches on dinner.
"Come on Meat, grab the salad out of the fridge and follow me. Angie grab that other bottle he opened and let's do some damage to this."
"This is delicious." Tom said as they ate.
"My apologies, I didn't think of garlic bread in time, but it's just as well since I have no willpower when it's in reach and I like fitting into my clothes." Celeste said.
They finished dinner and did some damage to the second bottle of wine.
"It probably makes me sound like a lousy mother but I can't wait until Tommy is in school full time so I can get to the gym more regularly." Angie said with a sigh.
"Why? You look terrific."
Tom didn't say anything but he gave a very obvious, 'I told you so' look to his wife.
"Well because I'd like to start working again, and being a pastry chef and in shape are cross purposes." She said with a laugh. "Have you ever had fresh tray of cookies, hot out of the oven set in front of you and not sampled one, or two?"
"I'm so glad this house has dual ovens." Tom said, his eyes rolling. "I can't wait."
"I wasn't talking about baking for you." She scolded him. "I like you in shape too, for certain activities." Tom looked crestfallen.
"Don't you worry." She reached over and brushed her fingers through his hair. "You can have a cookie."
Tom was feeling the effects of his third glass of wine. "There's only two cookies I want to get my mouth on and they're both beneath this table." He stopped and realized what he'd said aloud. Everyone went silent for a long moment and he felt the heat flush his cheeks. He looked up cautiously at Angie whose eyebrows had climbed her forehead to dizzying heights.
"Well I know you've had at least one of them already." Angie said with a little wink.
Celeste busted out laughing. "He only got to lick the icing from his fingers here." She added as she leaned back in her chair turning nearly as red as Tom.
"Sordid details." Tom shook his head. "I was afraid of this, and don't pretend the strawberries were a coincidence!" He said laughing at Celeste who suddenly looked very innocent. "Thanks to you I get an erection every time I get the scent of them." He added laughing at himself.
"Tom if you've got one right now, and I'm certain you do, it isn't the strawberries, it's that you've been wondering since we got here if she's wearing any panties under that skirt. Be honest." Angie said and leaned over reaching into his lap. Tom swatted her hand away causing her to giggle. Celeste stood and began clearing the table, Angie jumped up and joined her carrying a line of plates down her arm.
Celeste looked at her surprised.
"I waited tables in high school and college, you learn a few things." Angie said with a smile and gathered dishes to bring into the kitchen. Celeste walked in behind her hands full of dishes as well.
"Just set them there I'll toss them into the dishwasher later." She said as she reached around her to set hers on the counter too. Angie turned to find Celeste right behind her nearly nose to nose. They both wore surprised expressions which caused a nervous laugh between them which slowly slipped from Angie's face. She leaned forward slowly to gauge Celeste's reaction before she tilted her head and kissed her. Celeste's surprise turned intense quickly as she returned the kiss.
"I see how it is, I was just a gateway to my wife." Tom said with a laugh. "I get chaste kisses on the cheek and she gets her tongue down your throat." Both women began giggling at that, Celeste blushed deeply.
"Hey, you got a lot more than your tongue down your throat. Well, I tried to get you down my throat." She went from pink to crimson suddenly very self conscious and trying to organize dishes on the small counter. She turned back to face them her lip caught between her teeth. Tom handed her the wine glass from the table and poured the last of the bottle into it.
"Are you trying to get me drunk and take advantage of me?" Celeste asked with a grin. He smiled down at her and shook his head.
"No."
"Why not?" Her eyes darted to Angie, and she blushed, the nervous smile returned. Tom leaned forward and kissed her on the cheek.
"Thank you for everything." He whispered.
Celeste turned and kissed him back, this time without hesitation, her tongue dancing with his. She let out a surprised yelp and her hips slammed into his.
"I like the effect I have on you." He said laughing.
"You win Tom, no panties." Angie laughed as she drew her hand up letting Celeste's skirt drop back into place. "She has a nice ass too."
Celeste gasped for breath. "There was a bet?" She laughed.
"Not a wager, just a hunch. I said to Angie before we got here that if you were wearing a skirt or dress I would put money on it that you'd skip the panties." His grin was infectious.
"You're right, she is delicious." Angie sucked the finger into her mouth and drew it out slowly, a smile spread across her lips.
Celeste's mouth hung open as she watched Angie lick her fingers, Tom hugged her to his chest and she didn't seem to be bothered by any of it. "Was this planned?" Suspicion creeping into her voice. Tom kissed the top of her head as Angie leaned in for another kiss.
"No, but if you don't mind we can talk about it in the living room rather than here in the kitchen." Angie said after releasing Celeste's lip from between her teeth. "That couch looks big enough for three." Tom took Celeste by the hand and walked her to the couch and directed her to the center cushion as he and Angie took seats to either side of her. Angie turned and leaned towards her and smile.
"You see, when he first got home he had the look of a dog that had just been caught in the trash can, guilty and pathetically cute at the same time. I knew he'd gotten laid and I am not going to lie I was jealous, and hurt, then I got angry." Her hand ran gently up Celeste's thigh, fingers tickling the soft skin between her legs causing them to part as they moved upward. "After the apple pie night. I had some serious internal battles with it until one night I blew. I demanded to know every fucking detail, and he was to not leave a single thing out."
Tom laughed as he leaned down and kissed Celeste's neck, his hand worked slowly up the other thigh, his fingers bumping gently into his wife's. He watched as Celeste's chest began to heave as her breathing became shallow and fast.
"She did too. Sat on my chest and stroked my cock and told me it wasn't going to get any relief until I spilled the beans. So I did, every last detail."
"He described you in surprising detail." She let out a breathy laugh. "Five seven, five eight, dishwater blonde hair past her shoulders, he said you were trim, graceful and slim with terrific long legs and a nice tight ass. Your smile stopped him in his tracks when he said hello to you, and you made him smile when you shot down his pick-up line." Angie giggled again, her fingers reaching the hem of the skirt, checking her advance. "He said your hair was like a fine scotch under a warm lamp." She said with a smile. "Jealousy reared it's ugly head at that poetic little description and I slapped his cock as hard as I could. The problem is that he liked it. I made him keep going though." Her fingers circled slowly on the inside of Celeste's thigh as she continued. "He said you had the most beautiful blue eyes, warm and cool at the same time. I see what he meant." A little smile spread across Celeste's lips as her mouth opened slightly, as Tom nibbled her ear. Angie went on. "When he said you beckoned him closer and grabbed him by the cock, I didn't believe him. By then his thumbs had worked up my thighs and were massaging me, working me into a wet mess." She whispered the last into Celeste's ear. Angie could tell she was beyond stopping the proceedings, this woman needed to cum and badly but she made her wait. "He said you liked what you found. I knew he wasn't lying about that. I had him in my grip and gave him a few good strokes since he was making me fucking hot with the story. Jealousy had given way by then, I wanted to fuck but I wanted to hear it all, and I made myself wait until I got the entire story from him."
"You were on the prowl and you didn't give a fuck if he knew it. I admired you for that." Her fingers began to move upward again, the skirt gave way exposing Celeste's beautiful legs and she squirmed parting them a little more. Celeste's eyes were closed now as they worked slowly between her legs, Tom paused to let Angie move further up her thigh as he kissed Celeste's shoulder and neck giving her ear an occasional nip.
"When he told me that your husband was there and wanted to watch him fuck you I accused him of reading this story on the internet and gave his cock another slap. He pushed a thumb into me and began circling my clit with the other and nearly pushed me over the edge in the process." Angie let out a breathy laugh. "He flexed his hips up begging me not to stop stroking him as he told the story because it was making him hot too. He couldn't believe it when you told him that you wanted his paw in the honey." Her fingers had found Celeste's honey pot and she took a long deep swipe of it herself. Celeste moaned deeply, her hips rose off the cushion pressing upward into Angie's touch. "He said he covered his actions with a little cough and sucked his fingers dry." Angie simply brought hers to her lips and did the same. "Mmm, he was right, you taste divine." Celeste's eyes opened slightly as she watched Angie lick her slick fingers, she moaned again, Angie looked down to find Tom's fingers had replaced hers, he rubbed deeply pressing into her. "You like that don't you? He said he made you come hard all over his hand." Angie lifted the hem of the skirt to watch Tom slide two fingers in and out of her slowly as he pressed tight circles over her clit with his thumb. Celeste could barely nod. Her hand had found its way into Tom's lap and was gripping down on his cock hard.
"Please." She begged Angie.
"Please what? Do you want him to make you cum now? Because if you're willing I'd rather bury my tongue inside you and make you come all over my face." Angie's eyes went wide as Celeste nodded faster. "Tell me it's okay to go down on you Celeste, tell me you want me to."
"Please, I can't take it any more. I need to cum."
"We're clean, we checked up not long before we moved." Angie said before standing and moving the coffee table out of the way. Tom reached behind him and dragged a throw pillow out and tossed it on the floor before he sucked his fingers clean. Angie knelt between Celeste's outstretched legs and kissed her way up between her thighs.
"Twice, after I met you." She squeezed Tom's cock hard. "Once more after I found out Daryl had been fucking his secretary bareback." She gasped as Angie's tongue moved up. "Every year since. I haven't gotten laid in two years." She gasped as Angie's tongue burrowed into her. "Oh fuck!" She yelled as she grasped Angie by the back of the head and pressed her deeper. She turned as Tom directed her chin and opened her mouth to his. Their kiss nearly as hot as Angie's was between her thighs. Between Angie's tongue and Tom's hands which had tugged her breasts clear of her bra and she arched her back and began moaning. Angie didn't let up and increased her pressure and pace. Celeste broke her kiss and began crying out and bucking her hips into Angie's questing tongue before collapsing back on to the cushions panting like she'd run a road race. After cleaning up as much as she could she stood and sat across Tom's lap and gave him a deep kiss.
"You were so right. I could learn to love the taste of her." She said between long tastes of Celeste being passed between her and Tom.
"I told you she tasted terrific. Just like you." Tom's hand slid up Angie's leg pushing the sundress along with it. He laughed when he found no cloth in his path. "Naughty girl, you didn't wear panties either." Angie giggled and tensed as she felt another hand slide up her leg and relaxed, parting them as she noticed Celeste had somewhat recovered.
"What say you carry our hostess to the bedroom and you can show me just how you turned our love life from a bad sitcom into a late night cable movie. If she's up for it of course." She smiled at Celeste whose shocked expression slipped into pure lust causing her to nod. Angie stood up and Tom followed looking down at Celeste and laughed.
"You look wrecked, and I didn't even do it this time." He looked at her long tanned legs splayed wide and skirt flipped up to her waist. Her button down shirt was splayed open and breasts hanging over the pulled down cups of her bra. Her face was flushed and her hair a mess and he thought she looked even more beautiful this time. Angie looked down at her and gave her a wink.
"Better pick her up, I'm not sure she's going to be able to walk. I'll figure out which one is the bedroom."
Tom did as he was told and gathered Celeste up in his arms, at first she began to protest but gave in as his strong arms lifted her nearly effortlessly. Her arms circled his neck and she leaned forward and kissed him again.
"To the right." Celeste called down the hallway. Tom followed his wife, carrying their new friend. Angie made quick work of the bedspread as Tom set Celeste on the end of the bed. He knelt and slipped off her heels and tossed them aside. He pulled her up to her feet and divested her of the skirt with a quick little zip before removing the top and her bra.
"This feels familiar." He said with a little smile.
Celeste grinned broadly. "Doesn't it though?" She undressed him as Angie sat on the side of the bed and watched. Celeste reached down and stroked his cock, her head shaking slowly. "I'd almost forgotten how thick it was." She looked up at him and turned him to the bed and pushed him backwards. Angie jumped aside so as to not get struck by her husband flailing as he landed. "Don't go anywhere." Celeste told him, "I have a little something I need to do first." She stepped around to the side of the bed where Angie stood and closed the distance between them. She wrapped her arms around Angie and kissed finding the zipper on the back of the dress and slid it down. Celeste slipped the dress from Angie's shoulders, the fabric sighed as it slipped off onto the floor. "Nice." She said in honest appreciation. She stood back and sat on the edge of the bed admiring Angie. Though not quite as tall as herself Angie was still about five foot six with darkly toned skin, her legs were muscular. She licked her lips as her gaze climbed the curve of her hips. She had fine patch of dark hair neatly trimmed between her legs, her eyes wandered to her trim waist. Her breasts were full and lush and Celeste wanted to get her mouth on them.
"You are fucking gorgeous." She whispered. She turned to Tom, "You are one lucky man."
Tom eyed her and then turned his eyes to his wife, his expression changing from lust to deep heartfelt love, "You have no idea." He chuckled and added, "Anyone who saw the three of us right now would completely agree. I am one lucky son of a bitch." Celeste sat up and climbed over Tom and beckoned Angie over.
"No shoes on the bed." She scolded Angie with a smile, as she leaned down and took Tom's nipple into her mouth. Her hand found his cock, thick and full, waiting for release and she gave it a few tentative strokes. Angie had laid down next to Tom and taken the other nipple in her mouth and her hand wrapped around Celeste's giving Tom a slow hand job.
Celeste stretched out on his other side. "I don't know whether to be amazed or sad for you Tom, two girls and only one cock." She laughed.
"I have other methods of making you cry out my name." He leaned down and kissed her forehead.
"I can't wait to find out." She smiled up at him and looked across his chest at Angie who kissed around his nipple. "Um, would you mind if I uh..." Celeste gave Tom's cock a little shake.
"Anything you want to do I'm sure he'll be just fine with." She laughed. "The only thing I'm concerned about is whether or not you're on the pill. If not then I'd like him to wear a condom."
After saying that she was, Celeste climbed down between Tom's outstretched legs and leaned down, pulling her hair out of her face and licked the wet tip of his cock. "Mmm, I wanted so bad to do this last time. You were a rare find." She opened her mouth and took the tip of him in, her tongue working hard to lubricate every inch of him as she bobbed gently stroking his cock with her hand.
"Don't I know it." Angie agreed as she climbed up and straddled his head setting her pussy over his lips.
"Right now I feel like the luckiest man alive." He pulled Angie down to him slipping his tongue into her causing her to let out a long sigh. Angie closed her eyes as Tom licked her clit and slipped his tongue deep into her.
Celeste climbed over his hips and straddled him, she held his cock rubbing it up and down her lips. She bit her lip as she placed the head of it at her entrance and settled down. She must have made a noise. Angie opened her eyes to see her perched on the tip.
"Tight fit?" She smiled.
"I'd forgotten just how much." Celeste climbed off and reached into the nightstand drawer and came up with a bottle flipping the cap open and poured it into her palm.
"That's not strawberry." Angie said smiling. "Mango?"
"Yea, tropical fruit." She said showing Angie the label and stroking Tom's cock with it. She palmed herself with it after making sure she was well coated and climbed across his lap and leaned forward and sucked on Angie's breasts. "Tom? Lick once if you can hear me, lick twice if you love your wife."
Angie moaned and grinned. "That was a resounding yes, to both."
"She's letting me have another crack at the monster so I'm not sure which one of us should be thanking her more, your or me." She scooted back and sat up over his cock and pushed herself down on it slowly. "Oh, that feels like heaven." Celeste said as she sank down on it fully. She paused before rising back up and sliding back down, a low moan escaped her lips. She opened her eyes to see Angie smiling at her.
"Feels good doesn't it?"
"It's been nearly two years since I've gotten laid, and to have this guy again," she stroked Tom's chest and pinched his nipple, "is almost too much for me to handle." She said smiling. Tom lifted his hips, picking Celeste up with him making her yelp and grab for his chest to balance herself.
Angie laughed, "I think that means he's happy too." She leaned forward and began to lick and suck on Celeste's breasts, taking the nipple into her mouth and tugging it with her teeth. Celeste let out a hiss but ran her hand up through Angie's dark hair pulling her closer. His hips rose faster causing Celeste to drive herself down on him, Angie slipped her fingers between them and began to rub Celeste's clit causing her to moan louder. Tom's hands grabbed her hips pulling her down hard as he drove upwards pushing them both over the edge. Angie rubbed deep and fast as Celeste began to shiver as the orgasm washed over her. Her hips rose one last time as she felt a burst of heat fill her, her insides were molten and her head so light it might fly away. She gasped for air trying to fill her lungs but she couldn't seem to get enough. She nearly collapsed falling forward into Angie's arms.
Angie whispered into her ear, "That was pretty intense. Huh?" and rubbed her back. Celeste could only manage a weak nod.
"I don't think there's a solid bone in my body." Celeste gasped.
"Least of all mine." Tom gasped causing them to laugh.
"Don't move, either of you, I'll grab a towel. I think we're going to need it." Angie laughed and climbed off the bed. Celeste fell forward onto Tom and he kissed her sweat damp temple. She smiled, her eyes closed.
"You know, this is both a happy and sad moment for me. Happy at the coincidence that's made our paths cross again, sad that you're not available now that I am." She had lowered her voice on the last statement.
"Well it's not as if we didn't get to enjoy one another again."
"True. Be straight with me though. Did you plan this after you saw me yesterday?" She felt Angie's hand on her ass.
"No, we didn't plan it." Angie answered for them, "I have always thought that if we ever did cross paths one day that I wanted you to know how much I appreciated you sending him back to me with the knowledge of how to fix the problems we were having." She pushed a little harder separating them, Tom's cock slipping free from Celeste. Angie worked quickly to clean them both up. Angie slid up along side Tom and laid down, his arm wrapping around her out of habit. Angie looked up at Celeste who was nearly passed out on Tom's chest.
"At first the green eyed monster was dragged out and used against me until we were having sex somewhat regularly, maybe once a week or so. He stopped referring to you, or your night together and started getting into my head. He'd walk up behind me and grab my ass and whisper in my ear how much he couldn't wait to get both of his hands on it and ride me hard until I came. He surprised me. He was never much of a dirty talker, but that changed and it worked. When your husband starts whispering in your ear about how much he wants to eat you out on every surface in the house it starts to sink in and build your confidence." Angie laughed as she looked up at Tom. "Pretty soon I was taking him up on it every time. My confidence was back, I started taking care of myself again and I didn't feel like a terrible failure of a parent because Tommy was just fine. He grew, he learned and he's turned into a wonderful little knock-off of his old man."
Angie leaned over and kissed Tom long and hard and turned to Celeste and did so with her too. "I need to make a phone call and see if Maddie can stay over. I think we've had too much to drink to drive home." She winked at them both as she rolled out of bed and went into the other room.
"How quickly can you recover old man? Sounds like you're in for a busy night." Celeste said as she collapsed on his chest.
A few minutes passed in blissful silence as they caught their breath. Celeste yelped in surprise when she felt Angie's tongue slide up between their legs and lick her ass. "I'm going to guess it's your turn to climb on this ride?" She said over her shoulder to Angie.
"Oh hell no. He's been laying there making us do all the work. He's going to have to mount up and ride me into the sunset. If you don't mind, we're covered until morning by the way. Don't use him all up too fast." Angie said with a grin. "Come on, get up old man. I want to lick every drop you just put into her back out."
"Aww, I kind of like her right here." He said grinning up at Celeste. He gently cupped her cheeks and kissed her deeply. Celeste climbed off with a groan and Angie bent down and began licking Tom clean first. His resolve and his cock began to stiffen under her tongue.
"Tom, have you ever watched a girl eat your wife out until she came like a cat in heat?" Celeste said and made a face with her tongue sticking out to the side as she waggled two fingers in the air. "You're about too." She replied without waiting for his response as she pulled Angie onto the bed and parted her legs diving between them. Tom kissed his wife eventually making his way down to her chest drawing each nipple into his mouth sucking hard and lashing it with his tongue, the way she liked. She moaned but he wasn't sure if it was due to him or Celeste, he thought both.
"It's nice to be able to give you the kind of attention you deserve honey." Tom said to her as Celeste lifted her tongue with a long slow lick of Angie's clit making her moan. Angie's hand sought his cock and was just able to put her fingers to it, Tom moved closer and she took his cock in her hand and began stroking him back to hardness. Tom slipped free of her grip and walked around to the end of the bed and admired the sight of Celeste's ass bouncing gently as she burrowed between Angie's thighs making her squirm.
"Tom she's wetter than an oil slick but I don't think I'm what she wants." Celeste said as she crawled up over Angie and began kissing her. The view changed to Celeste's beautiful ass and swollen pussy perched inches above Angie's outstretched legs. Tom began to gasp, his breathing getting fast and shallow as he contemplated the sight before him. He didn't wait long as he grabbed his wife by the legs and dragged her to the edge of the bed causing her to let out a yelp. He pushed her thighs wide and pushed his cock into her slowly causing her to moan deeply.
Celeste laid next to her showering her with kisses, massaging her breasts. Her hand slipped down Angie's stomach resting low feeling the molten heat of their coupling. "Feels good doesn't it Angie having him buried deep inside you. The molten liquid heat churning as he drives himself into you." She reached across Angie's body and took her other arm and lifted them both over her head and held them there. "You don't have any strength, it's all down here, every essence of your being." She ran her hand down the smooth olive skin to where their bodies met. "This abandon is what you want, isn't it? You want him to take control. The muscles in his arms rippling as he puts you down on your back, parts your legs and drives himself into you. The thing is that power is yours, not his." She whispered her hand seeking lower, massaging Angie finding her clit swollen and hard as Tom drove himself forward slowly. Angie's eyes were screwed up tight, her mouth open small gasps and whimpers. "He can't help himself though, can he. Those little looks you give him, that knowing little smile that tells him that you want him as much as he wants you. He wants to lose control to you because there's no place he'd rather be than wrapped in your soft warmth." Celeste's voice was like warm honey pouring into their ears. Tom began pumping faster and harder. Celeste's fingers stroked faster causing Angie to moan louder. Her lips locked down on Angie's nipple, the sensation pushing her over the edge as her orgasm wracked her body. Tom took her hips and drove hard into her with a final stroke and stiffened as his orgasm washed over him with a loud groan. Angie's body continued to shake as Tom went limp, barely keeping himself from collapsing on his wife.
The only sound was the two of them trying to catch their breath, and the soft whispers of Celeste's mouth caressing Angie's chest, throat and face. "You two are a fun couple." Celeste chirped in with a giggle. "I can't tell you how happy I am that our paths crossed again." She reached across Angie's body and ran a hand up Tom's chest, giving a little squeeze to the muscle. Their breathing began to slow to normal.
"Are you alright?" Celeste whispered to Angie who promptly smiled in response and mumbled something unintelligible.
"Are you alright over there Tom?" Angie asked.
"I can't imagine how we're going to top this next week when you come over to dinner." He replied.