Initially, all we knew about the house next door is the property had been sold. It was a nice house and the sale had been quick, leaving no time to even say goodbye to neighbors we liked.
The new owner had moved in and that was it. No welcome wagon, no old school greetings from the block. Everybody's afraid of everybody else. We couldn't even tell if it was one person or a couple. All we were sure of is the quiet.
We might have accidentally run into each other in our adjoining backyards but a few weeks before we had installed a seven foot high privacy fence so I could sunbathe and swim in the pool naked without clearing it with the neighbors.
But, as we all know curiosity is relentless and the longer it goes on the more curious one gets until, "Ed, what if there's a meth lab going in over there?" Trying to be funny he came back, "Nah, if there was I'm sure the realtor would have told us."
When I got paranoid over something the last thing I wanted was comedy or in Ed's case, attempted comedy. Talk me down off the ledge but don't try to be funny about it. What if the apocalypse had moved in next door, what then?!
I tried to ignore what I couldn't see and that was successful for a couple of weeks but eventually the quiet began to get to me again. Serial killer?
Then one day, naked on the chaise, I heard something at the fence. From my chair it looked like a hole and then as I approached the opening a cat's paw reached through the hole and startled me. Upon further examination, the hole was a knot, about three inches across, that had fallen out or been removed. The cat was having fun playing with the hole.
But looking through it there was a folding chair about a foot away, confirmation that my new neighbor was indeed a voyeur scoping out the naked girl next door. In a sense, I had already met the new owner. Or he met me.
When they put the fence in I asked Ed why he picked out pine for the wood. In a moment of honesty he said, because it was cheaper. On top of that cost cutting measure he chose a thin cut and the installers had yet to clear coat the fence. A knot could occasionally come loose and fall out.
However, I could see that the knot had been removed, whether intentionally or by happy accident. It was on the ground by the chair. The cat was playing with it.
I decided to let this run its course so went back to my chaise and relaxed. About fifteen minutes later I heard the cat, looked over and the knot had been replaced. He and the knot were in a perfect place, covered by the corner of the neighbor's house with a front gate and no view from the back. A voyeur could, as long as I was on display, have a rip roaring good time jerking off unseen.
I went in the house for a half hour, came back out and in place of the knot was an eye. It was darkish and I might never have noticed it or known where to look but for the cat. I pretended to not see anything and have some fun.
Facing away from the hole I stood up and slipped my bikini bottom enticingly down my rear and legs. I could barely hear the soft rhythm of his masturbation. Then I sat back down, spread my knees and played with myself.
Actually, it was something I did often and several times in the past two weeks before discovery. I made sure he could hear the low moan as I pleasured myself. I heard him whisper, "Oh my god."
As my neighbor and I got close to cumming the cat jumped up on the top of the fence and came down in my yard. He was reaching up and playfully batting at the eye while disturbing the view at a crucial moment. "Go on! Get down," whispered the knot hole. The cat was having a ball and the voyeur was frustrated.
It got comedic as he tried to poke the cat away with a stick. While he was distracted I got up and walked to the fence and said in a clear voice, "Welcome to the neighborhood."
"What?!" he said, and I could hear the folding chair fall over.
"I said, welcome to the neighborhood."
"Oh, ah, sorry. I, ahhh, I...trying to get my cat."
"Um-hmmm. I think you you were looking for a different kind of pussy."
Dead silence.
"Did you like the view?"
"Yes," he said with a measure of embarrassment in his voice.
"Are you still hard?" I asked.
Totally confused, he said, "Yes...mostly."
"Put it through the fence hole."
More dead silence.
"Put it through the fence hole!" I repeated.
Slowly he pushed his cock through the hole and I was pleasantly impressed by its size. He was oddly trusting that I wouldn't be pissed and take an axe to it but the sound of my voice seemed to calm his fear if he had any.
I got on my knees and took hold of the shaft, "Apparently, I now have nature's gloryhole."
For the next ten minutes, amidst the smells of the lawn and chlorine from the pool, I sucked and licked his dick. It was surprisingly erotic and I had to stop myself from backing into his fence prick and satisfying myself.
I heard him moan and his breathing got heavier.
"Tell me when you're cumming," I instructed.
I was getting close fingering myself, turned on by my first time sucking a man through a fence. I was such a fucking slut.
"I'm cumming," he said.
I sucked him much harder while massaging myself at a faster pace. We came at nearly the same time, his cum filled my mouth and I swallowed most of it and wiping away the rest with the back of my hand.
"Happy housewarming," I said somewhat sarcastically and started to walk away.
"I'm Gary," said the fence.
"I'm Mara," I answered back. "Maybe next time you could just ring the doorbell, say hello and fuck me."
"Sorry I didn't think you could do that."
"Most houses you can't. We're a little different."
"Are you married?"
"Yes."
"Oh..."
"Gary, I have to say, I've never talked to morning wood before."
Silence.
"Well, Gary, you've just committed a major sin as my neighbor and that's not laughing at my joke."
"Oh, sorry. Hehe. I'm sorry, I'm just really nervous, you're naked, we did this thing...I'm not usually like this."
"Listen to me, Gary, and follow my direction. There's still time to salvage a proper neighborly relationship. Put the knot back in the fence, put your pants on and in one hour ring my front door and introduce yourself without being sorry."
"Okay," he said, "and thanks, you know, for..."
"You're welcome, now put your pants on."
I went back in the house to tidy up the living room just in case I invited him in. I wasn't so sure. I considered stopping the introduction at the door because he was a weirdo. Then I thought, yes, but you just blew the weirdo through the fence in the backyard. Who's the bigger weirdo?
Promptly, an hour later, he rang the doorbell. He had pants on and held out a bottle of wine. "Hi, I'm Gary, your new neighbor. You have clothes on so I'm not sure but I'm guessing you must be Mara and I don't regret one second of being sucked off through the fence other than I wish there had been no fence."
I was taken aback at the transformation from stumbling voyeur apologist to smooth talking pervert.
I was a goner.
My estimate was late fifties, early sixties, reasonably good looking and sporting that salt and pepper hair that drove me crazy. Heavy on the salt. Neatly trimmed goatee.
"Won't you come in?"
"I feel like I already know you," he quipped.
"All voyeurs think that," I came back.
He followed me in and sat on the sofa, clearly taking a closer inspection of his playful neighbor. How could this have been the geek behind the fence?
"One thing I didn't notice until now is the lovely anklet you're wearing. Very attractive."
"Thank you for noticing."
"It would be impossible to miss those beautiful legs."
"You've had plenty of time to study them and if not for the cat you'd probably still be back there on your folding chair."
"Yes, well, I hope you'll forgive me. Once I saw you I couldn't look away but a recent divorce has left me with a big appetite for beautiful women. You're way out of my league and I'm way out of practice. All I could let myself do was appreciate you from a distance."
"Neighbor porn?"
"I suppose you could say that. So how does this work?" he asked.
"How does what work?"
Gesturing to my anklet, "You know...do we wait until your husband gets home or can I fuck you now?"
"You've definitely been watching too much porn."
"C'mon, I've seen plenty of hotwife videos and the husband gets off watching some guy fuck his wife."
I picked up the phone and called my supervisor, "Ed, I'm here with our new neighbor...Yes, in our living room and he's taken a keen interest in my anklet...yes...yes, I know...oh, great idea...yes...so what do you think?...okay, I'll tell him. See you then. Can't wait, baby."
"Alright, Ed said he wants to meet you first and then you can fuck me while he watches. He'll be home at five thirty. One more thing. He said to prove how much you want me and to prove you're a worthy neighbor, he wants you to eat my pussy til I'm satisfied."
"He didn't say that, you made that up."
"No, he really said it. He likes it when I'm taken care of. He affectionately calls me his little pampered slut."
"Now?"
"Yes, why not? You want me don't you?"
"Ya know, Mara, you're really something."
"You're not one of those guys who doesn't like to eat pussy are you?"
"No, but...it's been awhile."
"Like riding a bike." I had thrown on a light blue sundress over my bikini bottom so I pulled the bikini off and parted my thighs. "I'll dirty talk you through it. If you want to fuck me, baby, then show me you can get me off."
He came over to me, unbuttoned his shirt, tossed a couple pillows on the floor and kneeled. With my feet on the sofa I lifted the sundress and offered up my smooth sweetness.
He went after me, his large tongue all over my clit and two fingers in my wet pussy. "Mmmmmm. Feels good, baby, mmmmmmmmm." He reached up and rapidly tapped my kitty which drove me crazy. "Ahhh, ahhh, yes, right there you nasty boy."
"You're a shameless slut aren't you?" he said manipulating me.
"Uhnnn, and you're a, uhnnn, dirty old man taking advantage of a pretty young girl...make me cum, baby"
He worked me hard and that familiar feeling welled up in my stomach, that sweet sensation that drove me to always want more. That drug picked up intensity, "Uhhhh, shit, I'm almost there."
He tongue fucked me but what put me over the edge was when he rimmed my asshole while jerking me with his thumb. My body shook and I held my breath to intensify the orgasm.
"You fucking mother fuuuuccccckker...Agggg, ahhhhhhhhhh." I tossed my head back and came on his face.
"Oh fuck that was good," I exhaled. "You passed the test. You may fuck my brains out when my husband gets home."
On his way to the door, "I've never fucked a guy's wife in front of him before."
"I have the feeling you're going to enjoy it..." I said, kissing him and feeling up his package, "adds a little extra to things."
***
When Ed got home he ripped off his suit like it was attacking him, "Who started this office ritual anyway? I could do as good a job wearing shorts and a Hawaiian shirt." I left him in the bedroom while he changed into something comfortable. He took a little longer than I thought he should but I was so excited about Gary I stopped thinking about it.
He eventually came into the kitchen, grabbed a beer out of the fridge and plopped down in his recliner. "When does the show start?" As if on cue the doorbell rang.
I opened the door right away and Gary, trying to be cute said, "I thought the postman always rings twice?"
Ed stood up behind me, "With Mara it only takes once." Extending his hand, "Hi, I'm Ed, you must be the lucky new neighbor who's here to fuck my wife. Borrow a cup of sugar too?"
Gary seemed a little hesitant but, after getting an eyeful of my black lace bustier, black patent leather heels with ankle straps and matching choker, said, "Nice to meet you I'm...wow, Mara, you look incredible."
"She cleans up real good doesn't she?" said Ed.
"I'll say, she's so, so, so..."
"So fuckable?" said Ed helping him out.
I just remained quiet and let my bod do the talking.
Dragging his forefinger down my lower lip, "Look, Ed, while I'm doing your lovely wife you're not going to shoot me in the back are you?"
Sitting back into his chair, Ed took a hit of beer, "Not a chance. I like this too much. Oh, and here's a couple tips, she likes some rough sex. Specifically, twist her nipples until she screams and she'll cum all day. And she leaves all the doors open...use her to your heart's.delight."
Gary was stunned to hear a husband talk this way about his wife. "I can't believe it but since you're offering..." He took me by the arm and pulled me toward him. "I'm gonna have to call my realtor and thank him for showing me this house." He took ahold of my ass and kissed me.
My lipstick smudged the corner of his mouth. He glanced over at Ed for some weird ceremonial approval, even though Ed had already given me to him, with almost anything on the menu. He looked back at me and grabbed my hair, pulling my head back and kissing me again, this time harder.
In somewhat of a trance, Gary smiled, "She's a little fuck doll, aren't you, Mara? I still like to play with toys and you're a little fuck doll."
I said nothing. I only smiled and let him use me.
"On your knees, slut." Still holding my hair he took me to the floor. "Suck my cock."
I took down his pants and he was delightfully hard, a good eight inches. It was bigger than I had recalled from the backyard but then I hadn't figured in the thickness of the fence...
This was a neighbor with promise, a fuck-neighbor to keep me occupied during the day.
I struggled to get it all down but took him to the hilt, "Oh ya, Mara," he said. "Hold it, baby."
He held my head until I gasped for air. After spitting out the excess I went down on him again. "Oh Mara..." He face fucked me, the end of his probe hitting the back of my throat. Then to emphasize his dominance he pulled out and dick-whipped me across the face several times. This is where my slutty self loved to go. Ed had told me how much he loved watching me take "just a little abuse." I asked him what turned him on about it. He said, "I don't know, something about another man owning you." I said, "You married well, I like it too."
"Hey you love birds, listen up," announced an otherwise quiet, Ed, "I stopped at The Other Girl on the way home and got Gary here a housewarming gift. Follow me."
WTF? With a possessive arm around my waist, Gary and I followed Ed into the bedroom and he had outfitted our bed with wrist and ankle cuffs and the room was awash in black light. Ed went and sat in an armchair in the corner, "You kids have fun. I know I will."
Gary unzipped and removed my bustier and sucked my tits while taking off the rest of his clothes, "Damn. Best day of my life."
In the black light his cock appeared huge.
"Lay face down, Mara."
I obeyed and he cuffed me to the bed, wide open and vulnerable to anything. Then I noticed a short whip and an oversized dildo on the night stand. Gary took the whip and slowly dragged it across my body, from the back of my head down my back to my toes. I felt the wetness increase between my legs and then, CRACK, he snapped the whip on my bottom. My body jumped and now my senses were on high alert. He sucked and gnawed on my toes. I was so turned on!
"I always wanted to do this when Donna and I were together," recalled Gary, "but she wasn't very adventurous."
Remembering what Ed had told him, Gary reached under me and roughly twisted my nipples. I screamed. He stuffed a pillow under my stomach, raising up my pussy for easy access. CRACK, the whip snapped again on my bottom and without even being touched I came.
He rammed his cock in me, sliding freely back and forth in my soaking wet cunt. As he got into a rhythm, CRACK, the whip came once again across my rear. I yelped and moaned at the same time, a sound I'm not sure I'd ever made before.
"Punish her pussy, Gary," said Ed with his dick in hand, "Fuck my slutty wife."
Bang, bang, bang, he penetrated me over and over, much to my delight. His thick long shaft got me off multiple times and as quickly as I came was how quickly the next orgasm followed.
Bang, bang, bang, like a pile-driver.
He undid the cuffs, put me on my back and reattached the shackles. "You nasty, beautiful bitch," and he rocked my pussy again, his force causing the bed to smack into the wall and his oversized balls to slam against my asshole.
I'd been rough fucked many times before but this one rivaled the others with its intensity and Ed cheering him on. Maybe he was working something out but I didn't care, I was getting what I wanted. As much as he was using me for his pleasure was as much as I was using his cock for mine.
He slapped my tits and twisted my nipples so hard I squealed. He reached for the oversized dildo, temporarily withdrew his cock and aggressively applied the dildo to my swollen clitoris. I came repeatedly. I was overwhelmed, "Agghhhhhhhh, nnuuggggg, uhhhhhnnnnnn!!!"
"Yes, yes, yes!!!" said an ecstatic Ed.
Gary tossed the dildo aside and stood to the side of my body, obviously preparing to ejaculate on me. Ed got up and moved to the other side and they both furiously stroked their dicks. I reached for my clit and we became an interconnected orgasmic machine, the cum hitting my face and chest as they released at virtually the same time. We were on such a collective high. "You fucking beautiful bitch!" Gary cried out.
With a frenetic jerking I came like a freight train. The spasms left me floating over the bed, my face and torso streaked with their hot jizz.
They unhitched my cuffs and both laid next to me, touching and kissing my thoroughly used body. I felt like a sex goddess having been served up to them, my lover and my voyeur. It was post coitus ecstasy.
And then in the midst of bliss...
"Gary!...Gary!" came a woman's voice from the backyard.
Gary jumped up, "Oh shit!" He started throwing his clothes on and freaking out.
"Who's that?" I asked.
"Donna!" he said hurriedly.
"I thought you were divorced?"
"I am but we still live together and I came to get things settled. She wasn't supposed to be here until tomorrow. Bye, gotta go....thanks!" as he ran out the front door.
"What the hell was that?" said Ed.
"That, my dear, was a major league buzz kill. Help me strip the bed and wash these sheets."
***
Later that evening after dinner we could hear them arguing next door from our kitchen.
"From dream neighbor to nuisance neighbor," I mumbled to myself.
"What?" said Ed.
"I said, after the eventual homicide it should quiet down."
Ed laughed at all my jokes. We moved to the living room with the intention of watching TV but there was a conversation left untouched from Ed's wild birthday night.
I needed to know what happened.
"It all started getting fuzzy for me during the gangbang in the owner's office but by the time we got to the car to go home I have big gaps."
"Well as you may or may not recall you were very drunk."
"No shit, Sherlock! Just tell me what happened so I can be properly humiliated?"
"If you insist, my dear, but I don't know...Oh what the hell. Okay, Honey helped me get you to the car and then the idea was for her to follow in her car to our house."
"How'd that go?"
"It was sort of like wrestling a bear."
"Oh no."
"Once we got you settled and started to leave the lot you lowered the window and flagged down some guy. For everyone's safety I stopped, you leaned out and asked the guy if he'd like you to suck his dick. He laughed, thinking you were joking and said 'Sure'.
"What did I do?"
"You popped open the door, he stepped up and you sucked him dry."
"Dry?"
Most of it hit you in the face and the rest ended up on the car seat."
"Oh no."
"Oh yes. Then we finally got going but about halfway I made the mistake of stopping for gas."
"You didn't!"
"What?! I was low on gas! Anyway, I was absentmindedly pumping the gas and I turned around and you'd called over a guy from the car in front of us."
"Please tell me I didn't."
"You did and besides his gas he would have been pumping you if I hadn't politely asked him to please 'remove your dick from my wife's mouth.' If you want I'm sure we can pick up a copy from the gas station security camera."
"Smart ass."
"Anyway, we finally got the mini caravan home and parked. You were out like a light so I carried you in the house and, because I planned on using the bed for Honey and me, I put you on the sofa, got a pillow and covered you with a blanket."
"Oh how pathetic..."
"I noticed that Honey didn't follow me in the house so when I went out to get her she was talking and laughing with Valerie, my cross the street crush. You can imagine what that did to my hormones. The girl I'm going to fuck and the girl I wish I could fuck. By the time I reached them it turned out they were high school buddies, Honey told her everything and asked if Valerie could join us since you were out of commission."
"Oh Ed, did you cum in your pants?"
"Damn near. I'm standing in front of two gorgeous nineteen year old blondes, both dressed in insanely short jean cutoffs, football jerseys with a nude midriff barely covering their braless tits and deck shoes. I'm thinking 'best birthday ever'.
"You're welcome."
"It's true. Without your planning and passing out this never would have happened."
"Get on with the story."
"So to make sure Valerie didn't decide she had something else to do I slipped her five hundred. The three of us quietly snuck past sleeping beauty and headed for the bedroom. I said, 'Since I don't want this to ever end I want to take our time. Remember it's my birthday! Lots of foreplay, girls!'
"They stood on either side of me and slowly stripped off what little they had on stopping at key moments to let me play with them. Their luscious lips, their fabulous tits were like falling into a cloud and I spent an inordinate amount of time kissing, licking and fondling them. Honey's kisses, especially, were so soft it was hard to pull away.
"I also decided in the middle of that glorious moment that I was going to eat out these beauties within an inch of their lives even if I risked lockjaw. As they lay together I went after their pussies while they cooed and kissed and never stopped until they had cum and had smiles on their faces.
"The time after tending to them I figured was all mine and I fucked them in every possible direction and way I could think of. At one point while I fucked Honey, Valerie told me to go slower and when I did she was able to get her tongue on my balls. It was so fucking hot. With the exception of Valerie's rear entry nothing was off the table. I had a fantasy from when I was younger, nothing too groundbreaking, but I always wanted to go doggy on two hotties side by side. I'm here to report it was as great as I thought it would be.
"When we'd finished and I'd wiped the evidence from their faces I held and kissed both of them and when I said goodbye to Valerie she told me, 'If you ever need another babysitter you know where I live,' and she winked. And Honey was spectacular...what an amazing body."
"Wow, so you had the kinkiest birthday and liked the girls?" I asked.
"Absolutely."
"You know, you always look out for me to make sure I get my needs met and I know how much you love watching me perform but that takes up a lot of our time because I'm such an endlessly hungry slut (Ed laughed). But I should put my pussy in park once in a while and give you an occasional fun fucking day. Sounds like Valerie's available."
To the background of the argument next door he thought about it for minute, "You know, we've got something kinkylicious going here and I don't wanna mess with the algorithm. You're the star of the family and, believe me, I get plenty in return.
"Is that a word?"
"What?"
"Kinkylicious."
"Well if it's not it oughta be," he crowed.
"I love you, Ed."
"I love you too, baby."
A week later I hired Valerie to watch Ed while I went shopping.