Jared's mind was filled with all sorts of conflicting emotions as he made his way back to his room. He and Jill had never interacted with each other in that way before. In fact, he never even looked at Jill like she was a young lady that was as curious as he was. To him, Jill had always been... one of the guys, so to speak. She was his best friend and his confidant. Not his lover! He couldn't help but wonder at how their relationship would change after what just happened.
One thing was certain... she had definitely turned him on. He had never cum so hard in his life as he had when she was touching him. It was an amazing feeling, her cool hand on his throbbing cock. If he had known it would feel that good, and that she was interested, he would have engaged in "science experiments" much sooner.
The problem that plagued him right at the moment though, was what to do about Sarah. He had never been on a formal "date" before, and truthfully he was so nervous that his knees were practically shaking. Looking at his watch, he saw that he had spent longer at Jill's than he had intended and there was only a couple more hours until he had to meet Sarah.
When he got to his room, he began frantically searching for something decent to wear for the evening. He wanted to make a good impression on Sarah, and despite what both she and Jill had said, being himself was going to be hard! What made it so hard was when he didn't like anything that he came across, piling his clothes in the floor in frustration as nothing seemed "just right."
"Wow, dude! What the hell?" he heard Chris' exclaim from behind him.
He turned to face his roommate and was surprised to see him standing there with the girl from the night before. Looking around at the mess he was making of his clothes, he turned bright red from embarrassment. These were the last people he wanted to see him this way.
"I-i-I'm looking for clothes to wear," Jared stammered out.
"Well, I can see that!" Chris exclaimed. "But why are you throwing things everywhere man!?"
"He has a date!" the girl piped up.
"Wha-a-a?" Chris said, with a stupid look on his face. "Dena, Jared doesn't date. Do you, Jared?"
"Well..." Jared began not certain how to answer.
"Holy fuck!" Chris yelled out. "Dude! You do have a date, don't you?"
"Yes..." Jared began to reply.
"Spill, man, spill... with who? Where? How? Details...details..." Chris interrupted excitedly.
"Chris... let the man talk, why don't ya?" Dena piped in again smiling at Jared. "Can't you see he's flustered enough?"
"Sorry, man... Dena's right. Tell me what you want to tell me, and is there anything I can do to help?" Chris said apologetically.
Just as he had with Jill, Jared explained the same story to both Chris and Dena about how he had gone to the club the night before. He was surprised to see Chris' face turn angry at the mention of how Kevin had treated him in the club. Although he and Chris had been friendly with one another, he never assumed that Chris actually liked him. But it was apparent as the story progressed that Chris really did consider Jared to be a friend.
"Dude, that Kevin is toast," Chris said as Jared finished that part of the story. "That S.O.B. shouldn't be messin' with people that way."
"It's fine..." Jared replied.
"The hell it is! The man needs to be taught a lesson! That's what he needs!"
"Chris, we can talk about that later..." Dena interrupted again. "Jared, finish your story, please?"
So Jared continued with the story, leaving out the fact that he had seen Chris and Dena in the bed. He only mentioned that he had woken up upon Dena leaving, but not her part in waking him up. Relief flooded over Dena's face when she caught the fact that he was leaving that bit out and he just smiled at her in return.
He found himself telling more than he thought he would though, including everything about Sarah and how the whole thing went down. Pausing for a second, he considered leaving out the part about Jill, but he knew that word would quickly spread after the 4 other girls caught them red-handed. So, he just continued on with the tale, watching as both Chris' and Dena's eyes grew large at the mention of him being caught naked with Jill holding his privates.
"Woah!! Dude..." Chris said, shaking his head in wonder. "What the hell has gotten into you?"
"I don't know," Jared admitted truthfully. "I guess it is just... luck."
"I would say so!" Dena said with a gleam in her eyes as if appraising him anew. "So, this is your first date then? Ever?"
"Yep, I'm afraid so." Jared replied with a shrug.
"Then let me help you," she offered as she began going through his clothes and picking out what she thought would look best on him.
Chris just sat back on his bed and watched as Dena went to work on Jared. He just had that same stupid grin that he had been wearing since hearing about Jared being caught with Jill. It was like he was imagining the whole thing while watching Jared with new eyes.
Finally, Dena handed Jared a bunch of clothes. "Here, put these on," she said, and stood there with her hands on her hips expectantly.
"Change? Now?" Jared stammered.
"Well, if you can be naked in front of 4 or 5 other women, then you can change in front of me too." She replied with a smile.
"She does have a point there, Jared." Chris remarked from the comfort of his bed.
Jared just sighed and did as instructed, removing all his clothes in front of a woman for the second time that day. This time, however, he did turn around to change his boxers. After all, it was one thing to change in front of her and another to put on a show for both of them.
When he finished dressing, she had him turn around several times as she inspected him. Then satisfied that he looked good, she went into a lecture about how he should treat his date. He couldn't help but notice that Dena spent a lot of time telling him about how it was the man's job to make certain that he thought of the woman as well, and not just himself.
He could see Chris' face contort when Dena began talking about how Jared needed to make certain that he was giving back what he was receiving. There was no way that he was missing the jibe she was making at him for the events from the night before. Jared was almost certain that not only had his roommate already received an earful from her, but he was likely to receive another one when Jared left for the evening.
"Ok, so we know the only interaction you have had with a woman was with Jill today, right?" Dena asked him when she finished her lecture.
"Yes..." Jared replied in embarrassment.
"So, you've never actually kissed a girl then?" she asked, eyebrows raising up high.
"No..."
"Well, hell, I gotta teach you everything. Don't I?" she said with a smile, eyes lighting up at the thoughts that had crossed her mind.
"Excuse me..." Chris said waving his hands in the air. "Ummm...don't I get a say in this?"
"No!" Dena snapped at him. "You don't get a say. Just sit back and watch, you might learn something."
"O-o-okayyyyy..." he replied exaggeratingly slow, knowing it was best to just shut-up at that point.
"Are you ready?" she asked, turning to Jared with a smile.
"Uh...I am assuming I don't get a say either, huh?"
"No... no you don't..." she said as she leaned forward to press her lips against his.
Her hand wrapped around his head, pulling him into her as she pressed her soft, full lips against his. Jared just about freaked at first, not certain on how to respond. In response, Dena pulled her face back and whispered, "Just relax and go with it..."
Jared did just as she said, closing his eyes as she pressed her lips back against his. He inhaled her sweet perfume through his nostrils as he delighted in the feel of her lips against his. They were so soft and felt wonderful against his. He just let himself go, sliding his arms around her waist and pulling her hard against him.
Dena moaned lightly, as if in shock, when his tongue brushed against hers. When the shock wore off, she returned his playful kisses, as their tongues intertwined and danced a little dance in each other's mouths. It was so hot and steamy, that Jared's glasses fogged up. The longer they kissed, the more turned on he became as his once limp cock stiffened against the feel of her thigh pressing into him.
"Damn! That's hot!" Chris exclaimed excitedly, interrupting their kiss.
"Yes...yes, it was..." Dena said softly, a dreamy look in her eyes. "Just do that with any girl... and you will be fine... trust me."
"O-o-k," Jared stuttered, nodding his head in acknowledgment.
Dena pulled him into a big hug, pressing her soft breasts against his chest. He could feel her erect nipples pressing into his chest even through their clothes. She positioned herself against him, blocking Chris' vision with her leg as her hand slid down between Jared's legs. Grasping his hard cock through his jeans, she whispered in his ear, "If you need me to teach you anything else, just let me know."
Jared looked around at the mess in the room, his head reeling as she broke their embrace when a knock came at the door. The place was a shambles, and he really didn't need Sarah seeing it that way.
"Don't worry about the mess, stud," Chris said playfully from the bed and then wiggled his eyebrows as he finished with, "I will take care of it when Dena and I are through."
Jared just shook his head and made his way to the door. As he reached for the door knob, he could hear Dena climbing on the bed with Chris. After all the help she had given him, he hoped that she fared better than she did last night.
Turning the handle, he opened the door...
*******************
Turning the handle, he opened the door to find Sarah standing there. Her eyes lit up an even brighter green as she smiled at him. Jared noticed that she had pulled her black hair back into a ponytail. Her full lips were painted with a muted red lipstick, and she had just enough make-up to enhance her beauty without overpowering her natural looks.
She had changed clothes as well, and was now wearing a blue dress that fell mid-way between her ass and her knees. Jared's eyes immediately went from her lovely face to her chest, as he took in the low-cut top that exposed quite a bit of cleavage. Swallowing the lump that formed in his throat, he looked right back up at her face in embarrassment.
"Hey there!" she beamed at him. "You ready to go?"
"Yeah, sure..." he replied, glancing back over his shoulder and receiving a thumbs up from his roommate. "Where we headed to?"
"There's a small restaurant downtown that I have been dying to try out! It's called Café Gealach, and serves traditional Irish faire. It is kinda out of the way, small and quiet. I thought it would be a nice place for us to go try out and get to know one another. How's that sound?"
"Sounds good to me," he replied, stepping out into the hallway and pulling to door shut behind him.
The ride out to the café was filled with small talk as they worked on getting to know one another a little better. At first Jared was nervous and found himself tripping over his words, but by the time he pulled into the café parking lot all the nervousness seemed to have disappeared. Not only that, she was actually laughing at what he had to say and seemed to really enjoy his company. It was completely mind boggling to him.
Café Gealach was just as she had described it, small, quaint and quiet. The inside was done up almost like an old Irish pub, complete with the wood tables and all. The two of them were showed to their table by a young redhead waitress with a bubbly personality and an overtly flirtatious nature.
The more she flirted, the more red faced Jared was getting. As soon as the bubbly waitress realized she was having an effect on him, she upped the ante and took every opportunity she could to either brush up against him or drop a innuendo when appropriate. It wouldn't have been so bad if Sarah wasn't laughing good-naturedly and egging the waitress on, while the girl continued to flirt with not only Jared but her as well.
One thing could be said about the pub and that was the fact that the beer was great and they kept it coming. The two of them had managed to drink 2 pitchers of beer between them by the time supper came around. The beverages were definitely having an effect on Sarah as she became more and more flirtatious with Jared as the evening continued.
Jared felt like he was doing pretty good himself. He didn't know if he had a case of liquid courage, or if he was just growing comfortable with Sarah. Whatever was going on, it had definitely allowed him to become more relaxed. Well, he was as relaxed as he could be given the fact that every time the waitress came by she managed to brush his arm with her curvy ass.
"Loosen up, Jared," Sarah said with a smile when Jared tightened up after the most recent brush from the waitress. "It's ok to be attracted to her, you know?"
"Wha-a-t?" Jared replied turning red. "I'm not attracted to her."
"Don't be silly! She is a cute and fiery redhead," she laughingly replied, a mischievous look forming in her eyes. "I'm not afraid to admit that even I am attracted to her."
Jared stared bug eyed at Sarah for a moment and then downed the rest of his beer with one large gulp. He didn't quite know how he should respond to the latest statement. Sarah just laughed and signaled for the waitress to bring another pitcher of beer for the table.
As the waitress refilled their glasses, leaning over provocatively, Sarah took the opportunity to strike up a flirtatious conversation of her own with the woman.
"So.. it's Ginny, right?" she asked nodding to the waitress' name tag.
"Yep," she replied turning on a 1000 watt smile, "and you are Sarah and Jared if I heard you correctly earlier."
"Jared and I were just talking about you."
"Oh, you were?" she asked in a playful voice. "Do tell..."
"Well, I was telling Jared here that it was ok for him to find you attractive even though he is out on a date with me."
"Really!?" Ginny replied raising her eyebrows in mock surprise, "He's attracted to little ol' me!?"
Sarah joined in on Ginny's laughter as Jared only continued to grow even redder in the face. He knew that she didn't mean anything bad by it, but he still wasn't completely comfortable with the whole situation he had found himself in and this was only adding to his confusion about where he stood.
"What else were you saying?" Ginny continued, batting her eyelashes at Sarah.
"Oh, that I even I was attracted to you."
"Hmmm... and...?"
"...and... then I bet him that you weren't wearing any panties under that skirt of yours. He says you are, and I told him he needed to find out for himself."
Jared nearly choked on his beer in surprise, since that was definitely not a part of the earlier discussion they were having. His eyes grew wider when Sarah winked at him playfully and rubbed her foot up and down his leg under the table.
"Oh really!?" Ginny said looking over at Jared with a huge grin. "Give me a few minutes to finish up with the other customers and then we will talk more about this little wager of yours."
With that she turned away, brushing her ass once more across Jared's arm as she made her way to the other patrons. Jared turned to Sarah with a little glare of anger in his eyes, "What do you think you are doing?" he asked her.
"Like I said, you need to loosen up Jared. Have fun, will ya?" she replied as she downed another glass of beer. "The worst thing that could happen is that she refuses to play along."
"Somehow I don't think that will happen," Jared replied rather stiffly.
"That is what I am hoping," Sarah quipped right back, causing Jared to jump as her foot slid between his legs and came to rest on his crotch.
Jared was finding it extremely hard to focus, let alone talk as she kept her foot nestled between his legs. Every time she shifted her foot even the slightest bit, it caused him to jump reflexively. Each time he jumped, she just wagged her eyebrows and smiled at him knowingly.
It was after one such brush with her foot that the waitress reappeared at his side. That Cheshire like grin spreading over her face when she looked down at him, with her hip firmly pressed into his arm. He was thankful that the table kept the waitress from seeing Sarah's foot running up and down his steadily hardening shaft.
"So...about that little wager..." Ginny purred seductively looking back and forth between Sarah and Jared.
"Yes... about the wager," Sarah replied in an even more seductive tone than the waitress had used.
"What is the stakes?"
"Hmmm..." Sarah replied thoughtfully. "If you are wearing panties, then I will buy supper and if you aren't... Jared will. Sound good to you, Jared?"
"Like I have a choice!" he retorted, jumping as Sarah's toes found his cockhead.
"Jared..." Sarah said in a pouting voice.
"Ok, fine, it is a deal then. If she is wearing panties you buy the supper, if she isn't then I will."
"Yay!" Sarah beamed happily. "So, Ginny, which is it? Commando or not?"
"You will just have to find out for yourselves, won't you?" she replied, licking her lips and flipping her red hair back over her shoulder. It was Sarah's turn to nearly choke on her beer and it was obvious she hadn't expected it to go this far.
"F-f-find out for ourselves?" Sarah stammered out in surprise.
"Of course, sweetie," Ginny replied in a throaty voice. "After all, I should get something out of this too. You didn't think I would just tell you, did you?"
"Of course not," Sarah said trying to regain her composure. "It's just with the place open and all I didn't expect..."
"No worries, sweetie," Ginny continued. "Right now it is just us and the bartender out here."
Sarah and Jared both looked around and sure enough, the other patrons had already departed. Leaving just them there with Ginny and the bartender that was busy washing glasses. Jared raised his eyebrows at Sarah questioningly.
"Now, before we are joined by others..." the redhead began, and then stepped forward slightly and backed up to Jared. "Place your hand on my inner thigh."
Jared looked at Sarah again questioningly, and after receiving a shrug in reply, he did as he was told. He placed his hand just above Ginny's knee gently.
"Higher..." she purred.
He let his hand slide up her leg, feeling her soft flesh beneath his palm as he slid it up to the hem of her skirt.
"Yes..." she sighed, "higher..."
Jared picked up his beer with his free hand and took a long pull before continuing further up her thigh. As his hand slid further up her thigh, his arm caught on her skirt and raised it at the same time. More and more of the woman's curvy ass came into sight as his eyes feasted on her round pale globes of flesh.
"Higher..." she moaned as his fingers found her upper thighs and she parted her legs a little further for his probing hand.
It was already obvious that the woman wasn't wearing any panties as he took in her bare ass, but the more she urged him on... the higher he went. Finally his fingers found the center of her legs. He brushed his finger gently against her sex, feeling her soft pubic hair caressing his fingers in return.
"That's it..." she moaned softly, "... a little higher..."
Jared's probing fingers found her moist pussy lips, brushing against them as he explored her sex from beneath her skirt. He continued to touch and caress the woman, as the liquid courage caught fire in him. Without a thought in the world, he let his finger slip into her moist canal to the first knuckle. He wiggled it softly, savoring the feel of her as she practically sucked his digit into her pussy.
Ginny moaned softly again and then pulled away from Jared's probing hand. It left him wanting more and Sarah knew it, especially the way he had grown even harder under her foot. He glanced her way and there was no mistaking the look of lust that was evident in her expression.
"Your turn, sweetie," Ginny purred to Sarah.
Jared just expected that Ginny would do the same thing with Sarah that she had done with him, and from the look in Sarah's face so did she. But when Ginny approached Sarah it was obvious that she had other plans in mind. The woman had Sarah pull her chair out from table, and Jared immediately felt a pang of loss when Sarah removed her foot from his crotch to accommodate Ginny's request.
Ginny positioned herself between Sarah and the table, once Sarah was far enough back to give her the room she needed. Jared looked over at the bartender, who just looked over, smiled and shook his head in amusement. Leaning over the table in front of Sarah, Ginny winked at Jared and then looked over her shoulder at Sarah.
"Ok, sweetie," she said in a throaty voice. "Your turn...now be a good girl and lean forward some, will you?"
Sarah did as she was asked, leaning closer to the redheads curvy behind. She tentatively placed her both hands on the woman's legs, just under her skirt. Jared scooted his chair around slightly, craning his neck to see what was going to happen next.
"Very good, Sarah," Ginny said. "Now... you know what to do next... get all the confirmation you need for the little wager of yours."
Sarah looked at Jared wide eyed and then back at the redhead's ass inches from her face. They both heard Ginny let out a frustrated groan as she pushed her ass back towards Sarah expectantly. Sarah blinked rapidly and then began pushing the other woman's skirt up higher revealing her bare backside inch by inch.
Finally, Ginny's skirt was up around her waist as she stood there with her pale ass jutting towards Sarah's face. "Do it, Sarah... quickly... before another customer comes in..." she moaned over her shoulder in a pleading voice.
Sarah ran both hands up the other woman's thighs, caressing her softly as she reached the pinnacle and lightly brushed against her exposed pussy lips. Ginny moaned a low moan, urging Sarah to lick her just once for good measure.
Jared had never been more turned on before in his life as Sarah leaned forward and ran her tongue across Ginny's pussy lips. He watched in fascination as Ginny shuddered uncontrollably when the tip of Sarah's tongue penetrated her slightly and probed her sweet canal. Both women moaned as Sarah really began to get into it, letting her tongue slide deeper into the other woman's pussy and lapping up her sweet nectar.
No sooner had it begun, than it was brought to abrupt halt by the sound of the bell on the outside door chiming. Ginny quickly righted herself and stepped away from the table just as a family of four entered the dining area. She covered her mouth as if trying to recover from a sneeze as she regained her composure.
"Now then, I assume you get this?" she asked as she handed him the check, and then abruptly stepped away to greet the new patrons as if nothing untoward had been happening.
"Holy shit!" Sarah said softly. "Hurry up and pay the tab!"
Jared looked at the bill and pulled out enough cash to cover the cost plus an ample tip for Ginny. As soon as the money hit the table, Sarah grabbed him by the hand and pulled him towards the door. "Keep the change," she said with a small laugh as they passed Ginny.
"Come back anytime you two!" Ginny called out. "Oh... and Jared..."
Jared paused and looked at the waitress just before Sarah pulled him through the door. A huge grin split her face as she said, "...you're welcome!"
**********
"Damn, but that was hot!" Sarah exclaimed as they slid into the front seat of Jared's Explorer.
"Who you telling?" he asked, his heart pounding with excitement. He was still rock hard and could feel his shaft literally throbbing in his pants, as he pulled out of the parking lot.
Turning onto the street, Jared nearly ran off the road when Sarah put both feet up on his dash and hiked up her skirt. Glancing down, he caught sight of her inner thighs and white panties. Even from where he was sitting he could see the wet spot that had formed on her panties.
"I'm so fucking turned on right now, that I can't help myself," she continued as she stroked herself over her panties in small circular motions. "I've never done anything like that before..."
"Never?" Jared asked incredulously. "It sure seemed like you had."
"Hell no!" Sarah exclaimed and then moaned as her fingers found her clit through her panties. Her breathing became more rapid as she stroked her little button furiously. Through her clenched teeth she managed to say, "You had better find somewhere to pull off fast, damn it!"
Jared looked around frantically, trying to get his bearings. A few streets later everything began to look familiar to him. Shooting down a side road, he made a beeline straight towards a park the he knew was nearby and hoped that the place was empty. He could swear that his heart rate was beating more than double its normal rate and the overall feeling was making him lightheaded.
He turned into the park, thankful that there were only a few cars in the parking lot. From the looks of things, there was a group of people playing basketball on one of the lighted courts. Bypassing those cars, he drove a little further down and slammed his breaks to a halt in the darkest area he could find.
The Explorer wasn't even completely shut off when Sarah pushed the arm rest up, turned her body to face him and thrust herself onto him. Her hands wrapping around his head and pulling him into a lust filled kiss. Jared struggled to breathe as she pressed her full lips against his and her tongue invaded his mouth.
It was quite the awkward position, as Jared struggled to move his arms. One arm was pinned beneath her and while he truly enjoyed feeling her against him... it was becoming painful. Sensing his discomfort, she shifted her body until she was straddling his waist as she shoved herself between him and the steering column.
Reaching down with one hand, she pulled the lever on the chair, causing Jared to rocket backwards into a reclining position forcefully. He looked up at her in wonder as her hands began running all over his chest as she frantically found his buttons and began undoing them. All the while she was grinding herself on his crotch repeatedly like a woman in heat and driving him absolutely crazy with desire.
As she fumbled with his shirt buttons, Jared grasped the hem of her dress and began to push it up. His hands cupped her plump asscheeks savoring the feel of her flesh under his palms. It was a heady experience as he explored her ass with his hands, relishing the fact that she was wearing a thong and actually being able to touch her naked flesh.
Finding the top of the thong, he traced his fingers down the thin material, pulling it up as his hands traversed between her cheeks. Not sensing her resisting his touch in any way, he continued lower, until she jumped as his fingers caressed her rosebud. The caress only added to Sarah's insistence to get his shirt off, as she grabbed both sides and just yanked to pop the remaining buttons.
As soon as his shirt was open, her hands went to work on his chest and abdomen, exploring him excitedly as her fingers slipped down to his belt buckle. He shifted slightly, removing his hands from her ass and sliding upward to let her have better access to his belt and zipper. Once situated, he reached out and grasped the hem of her dress once more and began to pull upwards.
Sarah stopped fumbling with his belt long enough to allow him to pull her dress over her head. As he watched, she reached back and undid the clasp on the bra that was holding her large, soft breasts in place. She shrugged the bra off and dropped it onto the seat with her dress, sitting up and revealing her naked chest to his eyes.
Jared was in absolute fascination with her large breasts. His eyes roamed her entire abdomen and chest as he struggled with exactly where to touch this hot vixen first. Her thick waist was more tone than he had thought possible, and the curves of her hips were enticing him as they wiggled back and forth on his crotch.
The most captivating part of her body though was how her breasts swayed in time to her grinding. They were so large and full that he couldn't resist cupping them in his palms and hefting them gently. His thumbs instinctively found the small erect nipples at the tips of her breasts, as he brushed them lightly in exploration.
"Yes..." she moaned loudly. "Pull on them, please!"
Jared let her breasts fall from the palm of his hands as he continued exploring her areolas with his fingers and thumbs. He made small circles over her flesh, caressing her softly as his fingers inched closer and closer to her stiff nipples. A soft moan escaped from between her clenched teeth when his thumbs and index fingers clasped her sensitive nubs.
He twisted them gently, pulling them outward and listened to her moans of pleasure. As he continued pulling and twisting lightly, he alternated between paying attention to the little nubs and caressing her breasts exploratory. It was made much easier when she leaned forward slightly and finished unbuckling his belt.
Her hands worked like a wildfire over his pants, undoing his button and zipper with deft precision. She murmured in delight when his fly came open, exposing his hard shaft outlined by his boxers. His cockhead was jutting out of the top of his waistband, left exposed with all the shifting in the seat. Now it was his turn to moan as she ran her finger over the tip, tickling him softly while she moaned in delight.
Jared moved his hands around her back, pulling her down to him and upwards at the same time, until her breasts dangled just below his mouth. Lifting his head slightly, he wrapped his lips around one of her nipples and sucked it lightly while running his tongue over the taut flesh. He positioned one hand to hold her breast and tweak her other nipple, while the other slid down her back to cup her ass once more.
His fingers moved down her ass crack again, parting her cheeks as he traced his way down between her legs. While she continued to stroke him through his boxers, he pushed his fingers under her panties caressing her damp pussy lips. She moaned and threw her head back, gripping his shaft tightly as his finger easily slipped into her moist depths.
For the next several minutes, he just focused on fingering her the best he could. When his fingers rubbed up against her clit, she jumped up and squealed with what could only be construed as pleasure. He learned what made her tick, as he alternated between caressing her outer lips, clit and driving his fingers into her hard and fast.
Sarah moaned loudly, as she fished Jared's shaft out from his boxers. Her soft hand wrapped around his pulsating flesh, stroking him the best she could while he sucked on her nipples and played with her pussy. Jared couldn't remember a more fantastic feeling, even with the intermittent stroking it was delightful to feel her hand firmly grasping his steely flesh.
Suddenly, Sarah's moans got louder as she began to shudder. Her head whipped back and forth as her face contorted with pure bliss. Jared clamped down on her nipple with his lips, letting his teeth graze her sensitive flesh while he attacked her clit with his fingers with renewed vigor.
He was almost certain that anyone within a mile radius could hear her scream out as her senses were flooded with a climactic rush. Jared had thought her pussy was hot and wet before, but now it practically gushed her womanly fluids as he shoved his digits as far into her as he could. Her walls constricted around his fingers tightly as his hand and wrist were coated with her juices.
"Oh fuck...oh fuck!" she yelled repeatedly until her orgasm subsided.
With a moan she leaned back, disengaging his fingers from her moist canal. There was a mixture of lust and contentment on her face as she looked down at Jared. Her tongue slid out of her mouth and licked her lips provocatively, "Jared... tell me you have a condom."
"Uhhh..." was the only thing he could respond with.
"You don't have a condom?" she said rolling her eyes.
"I-I-I never needed one before..." he stammered out apologetically.
"Ok..." she sighed, and then slapped him hard on the chest. "Next time, you better come prepared!"
The only thing Jared heard was "next time" his eyes growing large at the realization she was proposing they not only go out again, but do the same thing again. He watched her slip off his body, and resume her position on the seat next to him and gather up her clothes. His hard cock wagged in the wind, practically begging for some attention.
"Damn! But I hate letting a good thing go to waste..." she said eyeing his twitching shaft as she pulled her dress back over her head. "I don't usually do this, but..."
Jared let out a surprised gasp as she leaned over and placed her mouth firmly around his cockhead. His eyes rolled back in his head as her tongue danced over his cockhead tickling him as she tongued his slit. Pre-cum began to immediately ooze from the tip and she lapped it up quickly before pulling the rest of his into her throat.
She wrapped one hand around the base of his shaft, just above his balls. As she stroked him hard and fast her tongue slid expertly long the underside, massaging him just right. His hand slid up her back slowly and just before he reached her head, she released his cock from her lips and said, "Don't even think about holding my head. You are a big SOB and I don't feel like gagging tonight."
With that said, she resumed her oral ministrations on his throbbing manhood. Her mouth and tongue elicited sensations he had never experienced before. Between her small quick strokes and hot wet mouth, it wasn't long before he felt the urge to cum overwhelm him.
"Sarah..." his moaned through clenched teeth as he fought to contain his explosion, "I'm going to...to..."
He couldn't finish his sentence as he lost complete control and exploded deep into her mouth. She gulped in surprise at first and then moaned in approval as she swallowed the rest of his thick load. As he finished exploding into her mouth, she stroked him with long, hard strokes milking the last of the cum from his shaft.
Sitting up, she continued to stroke him gently and smiled warmly at him. After several seconds, she released him and straightened up her clothes. Although still rock hard Jared managed to pull his boxers and pants up while she watched him with a humorous expression on her face. Finally, he was able to bring his seat back up.
"Wow!" she sighed. "I really didn't expect to do that tonight..."
"You!?" Jared asked in surprise, and smiled when she giggled.
"Ok...ok... I see what you mean," she said as Jared started the car and headed out of the parking lot. "Next time though... it will have to be someplace we can move around a little more. Oh, and..."
"I know, I know... bring a condom," Jared said smacking himself in the head at his stupidity.
"Yep," she said as she leaned back in the seat.
They made small talk the rest of the way back to the campus, laughing about what had happened that night. He walked her to her room, where she gave him a small peck on the cheek before disappearing into her room.
Stumbling into his room, he noted that his roommate was absent and then collapsed on his back with a huge grin. Stripping out of his clothes, he slipped under the sheet naked and caressed his cock until it was hard once again. His mind replaying the nights events over and over until he fell asleep.