Puzzled After Doing a Puzzle
By regularguy13
Fuck! I had sex with my future daughter-in-law
^^^
I was puzzled.
I woke and wondered why I was nude in the guest bedroom spooning a naked twenty-five-year woman. The sleeping beauty had a plump, firm bottom and my morning wood was nestled in the crevice of her butt cheeks.
I remained perplexed and became rattled.
I was shaken for several reasons. One, I was married and this blonde was not my wife. Two, she was my son's girlfriend. And three, oh my God!, I remember fucking her last night!
I continued to be confused and concerned, and I became scared. I was terrified that if my wife found out she'd kill me. I was fearful that if my son discovered us, he'd kill me or never talk to me again or that he'd kill her or break up with this great young woman, or all of the above.
I was frozen in place, bewildered, discombobulated, and panicked. What if Cherry, the young woman with the fabulous ass and a cuntful of my sperm, woke and caught me naked in her bed? Or remembered our tryst?
She might scream and destroy my world and cause all the unpleasant possibilities listed above to occur. She might cry rape and I'd end up in jail! She might become pregnant. Then what would I do?
Oh My God! What a precarious situation I'm in! Maybe I should kill myself now? My brain switched into survival mode and came up with a plan. I should slip out of her bed and go to mine. I should deny everything. Vociferously! That's my plan and I'm sticking to it!
I slid out of her bed carefully and quietly. I took one last look at her perky, young breasts with their light pink nipples and her amazing ass. I got an erection, and for a moment, considered plundering her again, but decided not to press my luck. I pulled the sheet and blanket over her nude body and tiptoed down the hall naked and fully erect. Luckily, it was early in the morning and everyone was asleep.
I made it to my bedroom, slowly opened the door, praying there wouldn't be a loud, screeching sound. When the door was open wide enough for me to pass, I slipped in, crept to my bed, raised the covers, and slid in next to my wife.
My heart was pounding and I was sweating bullets.
"Mmm," my wife, April, moaned and woke. She scooted closer, discovered my erections, and said, "You're up!" She giggled, grabbed my cock, brought it to her vagina, and welcomed me in.
"Ohh," she sighed and rhythmically moved her hips on my stiff shaft. "I fell asleep last night and didn't give you your birthday fuck."
I pictured her washing the other women's dried vaginal fluid off my penis and applying hers. I did what any man would've done. I kissed her neck, groped her boobs, pinched her dark nipples, and fucked her.
Like the bastard I am, I came. I slammed my dick deep inside her and pumped her pussy full of cum. She sighed and stretched when I was done and my shriveled cock fell out.
"Sorry, you didn't orgasm," I apologized.
"It's okay." She giggled and said, "I'm glad to take care of the birthday boy. Actually, I was concerned about climaxing. What if I screamed as loudly as the girls did last night when they came?" She laughed and added, "I'd be so embarrassed that I couldn't face the kids at breakfast."
She turned, kissed me, put a hand under her pussy to catch my cum, and waddled to the bathroom.
^^^How I got into this predicament^^^
Last night, we'd had a great meal at the family celebration for my fiftieth birthday. The wife had pulled out all the stops and cooked all day. She made beef bourguignon adhering strictly to Julia Child's recipe which meant she invested hours to make it and the side dishes.
She found time to make a birthday cake. Not any cake, but a Jack Daniels cake. (a store-bought yellow cake mix with a half cup of the best whiskey in the world). It also had walnuts and butterscotch chips. She's a big believer in you can never have too much of a good thing so she topped the cake with buttercream frosting that also incorporated the elixir of life made in Lynchburg, Tennessee.
My adult son and daughter and their significant others (does anyone get married anymore?) were there. My firstborn is Win. He's twenty-eight, a good kid with a good job doing something with computers. His girlfriend, Cherry, is attractive and nice. She's not tall; I'd guess 5' 4" and has a small frame so she can't carry a lot of weight.
She runs on trails to stay healthy and control her weight. She's fit, but will never be skinny. She has a tendency to carry any extra pounds on her hips, butt, and thighs. I enjoy seeing her pants stretched to the limit of the fabric's capacity as it struggles to contain her big, beautiful bottom. She is bootylicious.
My youngest is named Sylvia. We call her Syl. She is twenty-four and has a degree in accounting from the local college and works in finance. Her boyfriend, Dom (Dominick) is a piece of work. He's handsome, makes good money, and takes good care of my baby girl, but he won't marry her. His father was married and divorced three times and got taken to the cleaners each time. He's afraid he'll end up alone and poor like his dad.
Dom is a gambler. When I first learned this I told Syl she had to dump him. However, my biggest fear has never materialized. They've been together three years and the guy hasn't hocked her jewelry or lost the house. He is the only gambler I know who makes money. They are constantly traveling, going to the best shows, and frequenting fancy restaurants. They do all this on his winnings. He banks half his salary!
My party guests sang "Happy Birthday", clapped, and cheered.
"Happy Birthday, Dad," Syl said and kissed me on the cheek. My son and the other guys congratulated me. My wife smiled, said, "Happy birthday, Max," and gave me a big kiss.
We sat down to dinner. The beef bourguignon was delicious. April served the cake and kept her poker on. I shoveled a forkful of cake into my mouth and said, "Wow! What is this? I taste alcohol."
"It's a Jack Daniels cake. There's whiskey in the cake and the frosting," April explained.
"I love it!'
Everyone else did too. After the cake, I opened presents. I got clothes, fishing gear, a bottle of Jack Daniels Black, a bottle of Gentleman Jack, and a puzzle.
We immediately open the Black. While I drank mine neat, Syl made a batch of Lynchburg lemonade and April made a pitcher of whiskey sours. Everyone had a drink.
April picked up the puzzle box, shook it, and said, "Let's do the puzzle."
Cherry said, "I like puzzles." No one else spoke up. April looked at everyone and said, "Please. I thought it would be a good family activity."
"It sounds like fun," I said and gave my kids a look they'd seen before. It was my 'be nice to mom' look.
Syl picked up on it and said, "Count me and Dom in." Dom flinched and looked up. My guess was he was surprised that Syl had volunteered him.
"If we can drink while working on the puzzle, count me in," Win said.
April smiled, opened the box, and dumped it on the table where we had had our meal. Everyone went to work turning the pieces right-side up. This wasn't a kiddy puzzle. It was a five hundred piece puzzle of the United States. A map of the United States dominated the center and used over half the pieces. They all had an identical yellow background.
On the pieces were items of significance to the states. Some were unique such as the Alamo Mission, the Grand Canyon, Mount Rushmore, the Liberty Bell, and the Golden Gate Bridge.
Other items were not unique. There are lots of states that have forests, lakes, farmland, wildlife, and mountains. And everyone has a building they are proud of so the puzzle had many statehouses, churches, university buildings, courthouses, and estates.
I'm not a puzzle person, but I knew this was going to be nearly impossible. The bastard who had designed the thing made the pieces small and repeated items, There were six American flags. There were covered wagons on the Oregon trail, in Utah, and leaving the gateways to the West: St. Louis and Kansas City claimed that title.
You get my drift, it wasn't something that would be completed quickly and easily. The group gave it a go.
"When you find edge pieces," Win said, "toss it to me."
And so it began, Cherry and Win put together the edge.
April, Dom, and Syl attacked the center. I milled about and drank and kept everyone's glass full. There were few positives about working on a puzzle. For one, everyone could drink. Two, while your eyes and hands were busy, you had time to talk. The kids reminisced about their childhoods. The 'remember when' stories were fun and we shared many laughs.
The third fun thing was the women would focus on the puzzle and neglected to consider the views the menfolk got as they stood and leaned over the table. All the men got downblouse views of all the women.
We couldn't stop ourselves from looking. Boobs were displayed, and the women were studying the pieces so intently they didn't notice that they were putting on a show.
I looked down my wife's top, Cherry's, and my daughter's too. When presented with the opportunity, Win peeked as his mother's nice pair. Dom had no qualms ogling the three of them and did when the moment presented itself.
There were also great views of the women's bottoms as they stood by the table with both hands on the table or they stretched as they reached for a piece. I learned that Syl and Cherry were wearing thongs. I could see the outline through their clothing.
Seeing Cherry from behind was a real treat. She epitomized the girl in Sir Mix-a-Lot's song "Baby Got Back". Her pants strained to contain her big butt.
It was a great birthday. I was surrounded by my family, we talked and laughed as we worked on the puzzle, and I, and the others, drank great whiskey. No one was driving home so there were no worries about being over the limit.
I went up to my wife, gave her a kiss, groped her ass, and said, "April, you were right. The puzzle is a fun activity that brought us all together."
She pulled my hand off her butt and whispered, "I'm glad you're having a nice birthday, but please don't paw me in front of the kids."
"Sorry." I stepped back.
"I'm exhausted and am going to bed," April announced to the room.
"Mom, it's only nine o'clock," Syl said.
"I've been cooking all day and the booze hasn't helped. You stay and make sure Dad has fun."
The kids hugged and thanked her for the party. The others and I carried on. There were lots of high fives, fist bumps, and loud braggadocious behavior as puzzle pieces were placed.
The drinking, storytelling, and teasing continued. Syl put on some music and when she or Cherry needed a break from staring at the puzzle pieces, they'd dance. If their boyfriend wasn't available I was roped in.
When I tried to leave, one of the kids would insist I stay and discuss fun family trips or embarrassing stories. As the evening wore on, we all became intoxicated. The girls became more uninhibited and danced more provocatively alone and with any partners.
We lost Dom to his tablet and an online poker site. We forgot he was in the room until he stood and complained when another player with no cards and no business being in the hand, lucked into a win when the final card was turned.
Fist bumps and high fives were replaced by hugs and a congratulatory kiss on the cheek. The downblouse views became longer. The dances became more titillating. Cherry and Syl seem to relish bumping and grinding on me to see my red face.
The stories continued. I learned my son lost his virginity to a middle-aged, divorcee that lived on our block.
"How come when you came home from college you spent so much time at Mrs. Wilson's house?" Syl asked in a teasing voice as she poked him in the chest.
"She paid me to cut the grass and weed her garden," he explained.
"Was her rose garden the only garden you worked on?" Syl asked and giggled.
Her brother didn't answer.
"It wasn't!" she shouted like a trial lawyer who had broken a witness on the stand. "Dad, Mrs. Wilson hired him to do lawn work, and instead, she fucked his brains out. I heard him tell his best friend, Hunter, all about it!"
"We were two consenting adults," he said. His cheeks were a bright red as he added with a big smile, "I was sorry when she moved away."
We all laughed, except for Dom. He was in his own world, gambling.
Win looked at his sister and asked, "At least my first time wasn't a public gangbang."
"Dad, it wasn't an orgy."
"That's not what I heard," Win said.
"I lost my virginity the summer that I turned eighteen," Syl said. Her words were slurred and she spoke louder than necessary the way drunk people do. "My friends and I went to the beach for a few days. Jennifer and I met a pair of twins, two hunky nineteen-year-olds at a club. We drank and danced with them.
"When the club closed, they offered to walk us to our hotel. We walked in the moonlight on the warm summer night. It was very romantic, and we stopped periodically to kiss.
"We walked by a park. It was closed, but when the boys suggested we go in, and we did. They took us to a gazebo. We sat on the bench and kissed some more."
"You did more than that!" Win said.
"Yes. Jen and I progressed from kissing the boys. We ended up naked, leaning over the bench seats, and holding onto the railings."
"And the twins railed both of you!" Win said with a big smile on his face.
"We had sex," Syl admitted. She sighed and had a faraway look in her eyes as she said, "It was lovely with moonlight, the smell of the flowers, and the handsome lads."
"The version I heard from one of your girlfriends is you and Jen liked it and consented to a second round. And you aren't sure which twin you screwed the second time!" Win said.
"It was dark, we'd been drinking, and they were identical twins," Syl explained. Then she smiled brightly and confessed, "I took Jennifer's guy. The brothers weren't 100% percent identical. Jennifer's partner made her cum. My guy got overly excited, came quickly, and left me hanging so I traded him in.
"The other twin had a bigger, thicker cock, and knew how to use it. I moaned and came. Isn't good sex wonderful?"
Everyone nodded and agreed. Syl blushed, went to Dom, and said, "I'm ready for bed." He closed the tablet, and said, "I'll join you."
"Dom, you aren't bothered by the story?" Win asked.
"No. We all have our stories," he said. "Syl and I had a blast re-enacting that one last summer."
Dom and Syl left. I said, "It is getting late."
"One more drink," Win requested.
"Well," I equivocated.
"Please stay," Cherry pleaded. She grabbed my arm, pulled me to her, and rubbed her breasts on me.
"Maybe a bit," I offered. That earned me a kiss from this woman exactly half my age.
We broke open the Gentleman Jack. One drink became three. Win fell asleep on the sofa. Cherry said, "I'm going to the bathroom." I sat in the chair in front of the puzzle and studied it. Instead of looking for a specific color or picture, I searched by shape. I put three pieces in the puzzle and felt like a winner.
Cherry had been gone for nearly fifteen minutes. I assumed she had gone to bed. My plan was to stop by the hall bathroom before going to bed. I opened the bathroom door and stepped inside with my dick in my hand. I really needed to go. I'd stayed too long at the puzzle table and had gotten my penis out as I walked down the hall to expedite using the toilet and my firm grasp of my shaft assured there'd be no premature leakage.
"Oh!" I said when I stepped inside the bathroom and saw Cherry. She giggled, wiped her vulva, dropped the paper into the toilet, and stood. She said, "I'm finished. You can go."
Her jeans and underwear were down at her knees. I stared at her hairless pussy. She had a drunken grin on her face and said, "You showed me yours. I thought I was obligated to show you mine."
She laughed, shuffled her feet, and made it to the sink where she washed her hands. She turned to me, looked at my dick, my face, and my dick again, and said, "Go ahead. Pee."
I stepped up to the toilet. Due to my urgent need, a strong flow immediately flew out of my penis. I peed long and loud, eliciting another giggle from Cherry. "Now I understand why you had your dick out. You really had to go. I wish I could do something to speed up the process. Sometimes I have to go so badly, and there's a line. I'm afraid I'll pee my pants."
I finished and shook my dick. "Do that again?" she asked. I shook my penis. She said, "That's so cool. Guys have it so easy. No need to take any clothes off, sit down, or wipe. You just unzip, pull it out, fire, shake, and put it into your pants."
"Yes," I said.
"May I shake it?" she asked. Before I could answer, she grabbed my penis and was shaking it. She grinned and was mesmerized. My dick began to harden. "Uh-oh," she said. "Max is betting a boner!"
"If you don't stop playing with it, I'll get an erection."
She didn't stop. She squeezed and stroked it and it got larger. She giggled and said, "Max, has a maximum-sized dick!"
"We should stop," I said.
Cherry frowned and said, "No. Win slept with the neighbor lady twice his age. I've never been with anyone more than a few years older than me. I deserve a turn. Please be my Mrs. Robinson...Mr. Robinson."
"I don't think that's a good idea."
She teetered, and I thought she might fall. I reached out to steady her and did by grabbing a breast. She looked at my hand, clutching her tit, looked at my face, and said, "You like my boobs? From the way you've been leering at my butt all night, I had you pegged as an assman."
I released her breast and said, "You have a great bum."
"I knew you were an assman!" she said excitedly. "That's why you're married to April. She's light on the top, but she makes up for it with her excellent dumper."
Cherry knelt at my feet and took my penis in her mouth. It felt wonderful. She looked up at me with her pretty eyes, and I stopped arguing with her.
"Ohhh," I sighed and enjoyed her mouth. I worried that we'd get caught. We were in the hall bathroom which serviced three bedrooms. I said, "If you want to continue, we should go to your bedroom."
"Okay." She stood, pulled her underwear and pants up, opened the door, and ran to her assigned room. I dressed and went into the family room to assure myself that my son was down for the count.
"Win. Win," I said as I nudged him. He didn't respond or show any signs of life. I left. On the way to the bedrooms, I decided that hooking up with Cherry was a bad idea, and I was headed to my room and my wife.
The door to Cherry's room swung open as I passed it. She stood there naked with a playful smile on her face. She turned so I could see her butt. My plan to be a good husband changed immediately.
I stepped into the room, closed, and locked the door. I embraced and kissed her, and my hands quickly slid down her back and cupped her ass.
We necked. She undressed me and sucked my cock again, something that she is really good at. When I was fearful that I'd cum, I pulled away and had her lay on the bed. We kissed more, and I sucked her pink-tipped breasts. Eventually, I slid lower and tasted her pussy. It was delightful.
"Put it in me!" she begged.
"Ohhhh!" we moaned as my hard cock slid into her hot pussy. We fucked. It was nice screwing her in the missionary position, but I had other plans.
I pulled out and positioned her on the bed on her hands and knees. I got behind her and kissed and caressed her ass. I bit a fleshy cheek.
"Ahh," she playfully cried out. "I knew you were an assman!"
I squeezed her butt, rubbed her firm thighs, and ate her ass. I licked, kissed, and poked her anus with my tongue. After I explored it thoroughly, I moved down and did the same thing to her pussy.
"Oh. Ohh," she moaned.
When her pussy was dripping fluid, and she was mewing and moaning, I thrust my penis inside her.
"OH!" she gasped.
We established a good rhythm. I let my hands wander. I caressed her breasts, tugged on her nipples, and fingered her clit. She moaned loudly and moved frantically. I could tell her orgasm was building. I stoked her fire and made her scream and climax.
"Oh. Oh. Oh! OH!" she hollered.
I felt her pussy clamp down on my dick and allow myself to orgasm. I filled her vagina with my cum.
She sprawled out on her stomach. I cuddled with her until I heard her snore and then I took my leave noiselessly. I studied her youthful body and extraordinary ass and got an erection. I considered plundering her ripe body a second time and decided that I shouldn't push my luck.
I covered her body, left the room, and crept down the hall to my bedroom. I managed to enter the room and my bed undetected. April woke a bit later, found my erection, and gave me a quickie.
^^^The next morning^^^
My wife made a big, greasy breakfast and strong coffee for the hangover victims. Cherry glanced my way a couple of times over the kitchen table. I smiled and was pleasant.
After breakfast, she cornered me, and asked, "Did we...?"
"What?"
"Did we...?"
"Did we drink? Have fun? Dance? And work on the puzzle? Absolutely!"
"Did anything else happen?" the young woman asked. "I woke up naked, and I vaguely remember you being in my room."
"Oh. I didn't want to bring that up and embarrass you. Last night, everyone had a lot to drink. Wen fell asleep on the sofa. You were smashed and wanted to sleep in your bed. You stumbled, trying to get there so I gave you a hand. I got into your room, and you said, "It's so hot in here," and started removing your clothes.
"I was headed out the door to give you some privacy when you pulled your top over your head, it got stuck, and you fell. I caught you before you hit the floor, sat you on the bed, and helped you remove your top.
You insisted on getting undressed for bed and struggled to get your tight jeans off so I helped. You removed your bra and underwear. I pulled the covers on you, turned out the light, and closed the door."
"We didn't have sex?"
"What a preposterous idea! We're both in committed relationships."
^^^Three months later^^^
Win had my wife and me over for lunch. He popped a bottle of champagne.
"What's the occasion?" April asked.
"It's a twofer," Cherry said and laughed.
Win filled the four flutes, handed them out, and said, "Mom. Dad. Cherry's pregnant and we are getting married!"
"Oh. That's wonderful," April gushed. "How far along are you?"
"Three months," she said proudly.
^^^Four years later^^^
"I've solved the puzzle," Cherry said.
"Hmm?" I mumbled. I was reading a book and looked up at my daughter-in-law who had walked into the room.
"I have solved the mystery," she repeated.
"What mystery?" I asked.
"Win and I have unsuccessfully been trying to have a second child. After a year of trying, we went to the doctor. Guess what? Win is the problem. The doctor said with his low sperm count, it's a miracle that we had Gwendolyn."
"Oh. sorry to hear that," I responded.
"You know I'm not religious. I don't believe in miracles," she said. "So how did I get pregnant? It's puzzling. You know, it happened around your fiftieth birthday."
I closed my book, remained silent, and tried to look calm. She came over, sat on the sofa beside me, and looked deep into my eyes. She said, "The night of your birthday is a blur. I was drunk, very drunk, but I have flashes of memory. I see your dick. I remember you eating my ass.
"You and I had unprotected sex, and I got pregnant. Didn't we?"
"Ah. Ah. Ah," I stammered. I was sweating and having heart palpitations. I confessed, "Yes."
"Yes! Puzzled solved!" she said, stood, and pumped her fist.
"I'm sorry! Please don't tell my wife."
"What? We aren't telling anyone," Cherry said. "Take me to your guest bedroom. You and I are going to have sex until you knock me up again. And a couple of years from now, we will do it again. I've always wanted to have three children!"
The End