"Liz Baker has added you as a friend on Facebook. We need to confirm that you know Liz in order for you to be friends on Facebook."
Tom glanced at this subject line, halfway down a long list of unread emails that had accumulated on his laptop over the long weekend. He smiled. It had been almost thirteen years since he had met Liz at Duke. They had been in the same all-freshman coed dorm. Friendships born in that impressionable first college year seemed to him to be unlike those before or after. Though Tom and Liz had occupied rooms on opposite ends of the long straight hall spanning the second floor of the dorm, they had become good friends by the end of their first week at school. They bonded over the shared experiences of living on their own for the first time, of drinking too much for the first time, of staying up all night in the common room for the first time, and of rushing sororities and fraternities for the first and (thankfully, as Tom remembered it) last time.
For a brief time, they had been even more than good friends.
Their relationship gradually cooled after Liz won a berth at her pledged sorority, whereas Tom abandoned his pledged fraternity to join a more bohemian crowd.
Now married and living in Washington DC, Tom earned his living as a professor of Physics at Georgetown University. He was on the professorial fast track, recruited vigorously by competing universities while quietly promised an eventual Chairman's position at Georgetown in exchange for shunning such come-ons. His wife Jane, also a Duke alum, worked as a junior executive at a prominent DC advertising firm. They lived in an upscale Georgetown town house, and life was good.
Tom had ruminated about Liz occasionally over the years. Her cheerful outlook had profoundly affected him in that impressionable year of their friendship. OK, that _and_ she was drop-dead gorgeous. And taught him most of what he ever learned about sex.
They had had no contact since graduation. So this Facebook invitation was truly out of the blue. Tom had only recently signed up for a Facebook page, after reading in the New Yorker that 69% of Facebook users were under the age of 30. Tom felt anxious about having recently passed out of that demographic, and thought that signing up might yield a slice of youth. In the weeks since enrolling, he had Friended only one person, his former Duke freshman roommate James, who had since become a rising star in a nationally syndicated daytime soap opera.
Tom abandoned the work he had planned to do during his morning train commute, and opened the email from Facebook. In it he found an attached note from Liz explaining that she had found him through mutual Facebook friendship with James. Tom felt a pang of guilt about Friending her. His wife knew that Tom and Liz had had a fling. Even though it was before they met, he knew she would be less than pleased to see Liz on his short list of friends. Tom rationalized to himself that it was merely protocol to accept a Facebook friend offer. So he did. He avoided adding text to his Friend acceptance, hoping that she would take the lead if they were to get reacquainted (More guilt).
He did not have to wait long for a reply. Ten minutes later, a posting came to his wall from Liz:
"Long time, no see. I'm in NY. Law Associate at Franklin & Jordan. You look great in your picture. Still that warm smile I remember. I saw your website at Georgetown. Very professional! You married? Kids?"
Tom was deeply flattered, but knew that continuing this conversation had all the makings of a bad idea. And she had posted it on his wall! He still wasn't quite sure how to get such things off his Facebook wall, and did not want that flirty message hanging around for others to see. But, first things first, he went to her page to reply in a private message. He was surprised to find that she had no Friends listed at all on her page, not even James. Her personal photo was a head shot from the law firm.
"Liz, great to hear from you. And glad to hear you're doing well. I am married now (to Jane Warren, did you know her at Duke?) and living in Georgetown. No kids. You too look like quite the professional gal. What?s your status? Married? Kids? I'm a bit new to this Facebook thing, and so I hope this goes to your private inbox and not on your wall."
Tom pressed send. He was pleased with himself for finding a diplomatic way to offer her a hint about not posting publicly to his wall. He then found the pop-up delete button to erase her wall message. Then he looked around her page to see what he could find, and Googled her law firm. Sure enough, the same head shot appeared on the firm's web directory.
Later that morning, at his desk in the newly refurbished Physical Sciences building, Tom stared out the window while daydreaming about Liz. His thoughts were interrupted by a new email alert from his laptop. His inbox showed a message from LizBkr241@gmail.com with subject heading "Hey Blue Boy, nice to get reacquainted!"
---
Tom squirmed. "Blue Boy" was a reference to one of the last memories he shared with Liz, and it was not one he especially wanted to revisit with her.
Tom and Liz had both pledged to Greek organizations midway through their freshman year. Both were selected as pledges by their favorite houses, and both had endured some fairly intense hazing in the latter days of what was known affectionately as hell week. During hell week, a pledge was at the mercy of the upperclassmen of the house. The pledge class was forced to endure repeated humiliation and to perform silly, embarrassing, and even reckless tasks that were meant somehow to demonstrate loyalty. It was a ritual that each of the upper clansmen had endured, and that each was more than happy to continue from the side of power. Often, people thought that fraternities were more severe in their hazing than sororities, but Tom and Liz came to know that there was little difference. They had, in fact compared notes during the week despite a strict prohibition against discussing pledge activities. The only difference, as far as they could tell, was that the girls were more discreet. Tom had relayed to Liz, early in hell week, that the fraternity pledges had been forced to do an "elephant walk" in which they were forced to march naked throughout he frat house, each bent over the next in a long line. Each was required to use his "trunk" (arm) to grasp the "tail" (cock) of the pledge in front of him. While Tom considered himself far from homophobic he found this ritual unsettling. Liz replied with her own tale of a sorority "history quiz" where each pledge contestant was allowed to wear only a 35 gallon plastic garbage bag, with nothing on underneath. The bags were too short to provide even a hint of modesty. Worse, wrong answers earned a trip to a sawhorse, where the offending girl was asked to "assume the position" by bending over and lifting up the bag. Liz explained how she had been asked an impossible question early in the game, and was the first to take the punishment. She described, in vivid language that Tom would remember verbatim for years to come, the humiliation of putting her bare ass on display over the sawhorse and taking three swats with a paddle from a sophomore girl to the cheers of the entire house. That sophomore, Debbie, was the one who had recruited Liz to the sorority in the first place.
Blue Boy. That moniker came to Tom via the last night of hell week. Tom was awakened in the fraternity common room at 3AM by a throng of fraternity brothers in ski masks, who roughly tore him from his bed and demanded that he strip naked and stand at attention. Against his better judgment and exhausted from the week's activities, he complied. A brother put a blindfold on him, and another bound his hands in front of him using three plastic zip ties: one on each wrist and one connecting the pair. A third similarly bound his ankles. The leader of the group, a Junior named Steve, told Tom that this would be his last pledge task. The brothers wrapped him in a blanket and lifted him up, carrying him down the hall and, to his horror, outside. Tom was now fully awake, and dreading what would come next. The brothers kept up a brisk pace and after several hundred feet, entered the door of a building. They descended some stairs and entered a room, closing the door behind them.
Tom was completely disoriented. The brothers stripped off the blanket and stood Tom up, lifting his bound arms up and securing the tie straps to an eye-hook that was conveniently embedded in a beam spanning the room's low ceiling. Its height was such that Tom could just barely keep his feet flat on the ground, with his arms stretched high above. Steven said, "Your final task as a pledge is simple. Bring us a picture of you in this room, hanging from this beam. Since you are not in a position to take the picture yourself, you will have to ask someone to take it for you. In the picture, you've got to have at least one naked woman. Bonus points if she's touching you amorously. Oh, and your cock has to be painted Duke blue in the picture. We're headed home. Come join us when you can."
Tom was humiliated, and knew he was in a hopeless situation. He was completely exposed and at the mercy of his brothers. Yet as much as he loathed them, he was desperate for them not to leave. He was going to have to rely on _someone_ to help him and if not them, who?. He was naked, helpless, and strung up on display, who knew where, still unable to even see his surroundings.
"Are you going to take off the blindfold?" He asked, anticipating the response.
"Nope."
"Can you at least tell me where the fuck am I?" he pleaded.
The brothers all laughed. Steve said, "Sure. You're in the basement workout room for our sister sorority. When we get home, we'll give them a call to come and check on you. Good luck!"
Tom heard them leave, pulling the door closed behind them. Tom became certain right about that moment that all he wanted was to get out of this mess and be rid fraternity life for good!
Tom could manage a very slight view through the bottom of the blindfold if he tilted his head as far back as he could. It was dim, but an exit sign light the room adequately for him to see that it was, in fact, a workout room. He was discouraged to see that one wall was entirely covered with mirrors. The shock of seeing himself nude, dangling and on display filled him with keen embarrassment. He imagined the girls that would find him here sooner or later, and hoped that it wouldn't be anyone he knew. But then it occurred to him that this was Liz's pledged sorority. Liz's sorority! And she, he knew, was spending the night at the sorority house to complete pledge week. The mix of humiliation, anticipation, and thoughts of Liz seeing him this way sent an involuntary tingle to his groin. It surprised him, but he was getting a boner. He turned away from the mirror to survey the rest of the room. It had some exercise equipment, some soft mats for aerobics, and two treadmills. The room had a single door opposite the mirror wall.
It only took a few minutes before he heard raucous giggling and then the footsteps of what sounded like more than a couple of people descending the stairs. It got briefly quiet, then he heard an explosion of laughter outside the door. He twisted himself around to face away from the door, then smirked at himself for this futile attempt at preserving his modesty. In the first place, he could hardly cover anything up. In the second place, the mirrors ensured that every inch of him was on display from anywhere in the room. He was still sporting a half-mast hard-on when the door burst open. The lights flickered on, and a gang of girls barreled into the room. Tom managed a weak smile, and shook his head. "I'm sorry about this. I am so sorry."
"No need to be sorry, we're happy to see you," called out a cheery voice. Tom recognized it as Debbie, the sophomore who had tormented his friend Liz. "And it looks like you're happy to see us too! she added, noting his horizontal cock. "Does this turn you on? You bad boy." She turned her attention to her mates. "Well girls, we have a visitor."
"Can you cut me down?" Tom asked, contritely.
Debbie patted his ass cheek. "Well sure we can, sugar. But first we have to read this note on the ground. And, we have to get a good look at you!"
The mental image of an unknown number of girls gazing at his completely exposed naked body while he was blindfolded and helpless sent a shudder through Tom. Though wished he could prevent it, his cock continued to quiver toward full erection. Even that was out of his control.
Debbie's picked up the note and began reading. "This is Tom. He is a pledge of Beta Theta Pi fraternity. Tom loves to show off, as you can see! We've asked him to bring back a picture capturing his current predicament, with two added features. He needs to have a naked coed in the picture, and Tom's dangling bits need to have a coat of blue paint. We feel certain that Tom will agree to repay you for this kindness as you see fit, and appreciate the help of our Tri-Delt sisters! P.S. No hurry."
As Debbie read the note aloud, the collection of girls giggled and gasped. Tom guessed that there were four or five girls in the room. He could barely manage the odd dual sensation of excitement and shame.
"Well girls," Debbie declared, "we need to help Tom here." To Tom's surprise, her voice was right in front of him, and it sounded like she was facing him from about foot away. A moment later she pulled off the blindfold, and Tom blinked rapidly as his eyes became accustomed to the light. In front of him was Debbie, an attractive blonde with shoulder length straight hair and an incessantly cheerful face.
"Hi Tom." she said.
"Hi Debbie," he replied, cautiously. Tom glanced into the mirror in front of him, and saw that there were in fact six girls in the room. All were in sweatpants or sleeping gowns, and all were grinning from ear to ear. He recognized one other girl besides Debbie. Katherine, who was in his Sociology course. When he made eye contact with her in the mirror, she waved. "Hi Tom. Nice ass you got there."
"Really?" Debbie replied, looking over at Katherine. "His ass? I think his best feature is up front."
"Here turn around, Tom, and show Katherine the goods," Debbie said.
With that, Debbie wrapped his cock in her hand. She pulled it firmly sideways, while gently rotating him at the hips. Given Tom's suspended position and rigid cock, there was little he could do other than to follow her lead. He shuffled his feet to keep up with Debbie's persistent tug until he was turned 180 degrees. "There you go. Thanks Tom," she said, matter-of-factly, placing her free palm warmly on the side of his cheek. His hard-on was rock solid now, and his face turned crimson. Again the ensemble of girls giggled madly.
"See Katherine," Debbie said, pointing wtoward his cock. "This has _got_ to be his most outstanding feature." Katherine cupped her hand to her mouth to suppress a laugh, and nodded her head silently in agreement.
"Well Tom, I think we can help you out. The note says you'll be happy to repay us. Is that right? "
"Listen, I just want to be let down. You can forget the rest of it. Just cut me down and let me go home" Tom implored.
"Well, Tom, its not quite that simple. Your fraternity has its pledge rituals, and we have ours. The painting of the blue boy is a time honored-tradition here at Tri Delt, and we just can't pass it up."
"It figures," Tom sighed. "You guys _knew_ this was coming."
Debbie grasped his cock again and gave it a right-left-right sequence of gentle tugs to punctuate her words: "Just. Like. Christmas! And you're our present. You should be honored though. Only one Beta gets picked for this. And I have to say that last year the young gentleman required a little help to get the mast upright, if you know what I mean. But you. You are a real studmuffin."
She put her hand under his chin, drawing his eyes to hers. "So, Tom. We're going to get this picture, okay? And you will repay us by being a good little blue boy." She paused, and look of seriousness came to her face. "Right, Tom?"
Tom saw that the only way to get though this was on her terms, and that she was in charge. Even though he had no intention of ever visiting the Beta's again, he figured this photo shoot was inevitable. "Right," he whispered back. "Great!" She replied, cheerily. OK girls, lets do this thing. Cynthia, get the tripod. Mattie, go fetch Liz."
Liz! Tom was dumbstruck. So far the only upside of he could claim from this misadventure was that at least he had avoided seeing (or more precisely, being seen by) Liz. Now that shred of upside was slipping away.
"Liz?" he asked feebly, looking at Debbie with a hint of desperation.
"Liz!" she replied, happily. "Is it a problem for you if your friend gets to see you exposed like this?"
"I can't imagine it matters, but yes, I'd prefer if she didn't," Tom said.
Debbie took the tripod from Cynthia and began setting it up across the room. "You're right, Tom, it doesn't matter. Of course she gets to see you! All the of our sisters and and pledges will. We're just the advance team! You don't think we could deny our sisters this treat, do you?"
"Arghh," Tom moaned, shaking his head. Things were headed from bad to worse.
"Buck up, blue boy. We'll be done soon." The flash of the camera took Tom by surprise. Debbie took several more, framing the shot to her liking. "Smile Tom," she said. Struck by his compounding misfortune, Tom actually did smile, albeit while shaking his head in disbelief.
Tom heard jingling outside the room, coming down the stairs.
"That will be Liz now," Debbie declared, grinning at Tom.
Just then Mattie entered the room, holding a leash. Liz, naked, crawled in just behind her on the other end of the leash. She wore a dog collar and two blue ankle bracelets studded with jingle bells. Her face was painted white and brown like a basset hound, with floppy furry ears to match, attached on a headband. She wriggled in on all fours until she was in front of Mattie, and then looked up. When she saw Tom hanging naked from the middle of the room, her eyes grew wide and her jaw dropped.
"Oh for fuck's sake," she said, "Its good to see you Tom. Just when a girl thinks that she's hit rock bottom, ass in the air and crawling around like a dog, you show up looking like you've found an even more embarrassing situation." All of the sorority sisters laughed.
Debbie explained the situation to both of them. "Liz, as the blue bell girl you'll be painting blue boy's thingey for the picture. Then, the two of you will pose for the shot. And its tradition that the blue boy picture shows a lad who is, how should I say this... excited. So you will do what is necessary to keep him that way until we're done. Understand?"
Liz nodded. She stood up and brushed off her red knees.
"OK," Debbie concluded, "I'll leave you with this finger paint and go get the rest of the girls!"
Liz took the top off of the blue paint jar and approached Tom. "OK Tom, lets get that thingey blue."
"You _knew_ about this?" Tom asked.
"I heard stories about blue boy night, but I didn't know the details or the cast of characters. Who knew we'd be playing the lead?" They both smiled. Liz slathered some paint on her fingers and, without breaking eye contact with Tom, reached down to grasp his cock. She worked the paint all around, and he was fully erect in seconds in her slippery hand. Tom groaned and muttered, "Easy there, Liz. I don't want to, you know..."
She pecked him on the lips, smearing a bit of her black nose paint on his nose. Wiping it off with her free hand she said, "Gotcha. Keep breathing, blue boy."
The sorority sisters soon filed in, some twenty or so in all, and they lined the room and cheered loudly as Tom and Liz posed and Debbie snapped pictures. Well, mostly Liz posed, and Tom just hung. Many of the shots involved Liz continuing to fondle Tom's now blue cock with her blue hand. Some had Liz on her knees, hands up in the classic dog begging pose. After five minutes of this, Debbie stepped out from behind the camera and ordered Mattie to cut Tom down. She did, and he shook his arms to get the circulation going again, then instinctively placed his hands across his groin. "Its a little late for modesty," Katherine called out.
Debbie pulled the data storage card from the camera and asked Tom, "You want to pick the print to take with you?"
"No thanks," Tom replied. "I really am through with the Beta's. And I don''t think I'll need pictures to remember tonight. I wouldn't mind some pants, though."
In what was Tom's next-to-last surprise of the evening, Debbie grabbed the elastic of her waistband and pulled down her baggy pink Tri-Delt sweatpants. Stepping out of them, she handed them to Tom. Kissing him on the cheek, she said "You're a good sport, Tom, I'll send you some shots by email just in case."
Her plump round ass jiggled marvelously in her Tri-Delt thong as she turned and left the room.
Tom put on the sweatpants. Mattie picked up the end of Liz's leash and handed it to Tom.
"Tradition demands that the blue boy's blue balls are relieved by the blue bell girl. She's yours for the night!" she declared. Turning to Liz, she said "Down girl." The sorority sisters cheered yet again as Liz dropped obediently to her hands and knees and Tom led her, still naked, out into the hallway on her leash.
Liz stood up after Tom closed the door. Tom and Liz had been intimate on several occasions already by that time, but he was unsure whether or not Liz was game for this and was not inclined to take advantage of her (though he _did_ have blue balls!). "I'll tell them you did the job," Tom promised, pausing to take in the sight of Liz, her well-shaped breasts, slightly rounded belly, and hairless pussy. "Incidentally, Last time I saw you, didn't you have pubic hair?"
Liz laughed. "More initiation rituals. We're _all_ bare down there! And yes, I know you would tell them I did my job." She grinned, a mischievous sparkle in her eyes. "You don't want to make a liar out of me, do you?" I've got a room here for the night. Lets put it to some good use."
They kissed.
------
That had been their last tryst, but it was a worthy ending. Now Tom focused on the message from LizBkr241@gmail.com with subject heading "Hey Blue Boy, nice to get reacquainted!" He worried vaguely about what he would find when he opened the email.
It was a short message:
"I saw you took my message off of your Facebook wall, Tom. You ashamed of me? LOL. Yes, I know Jane. We actually took a class together in our senior year. (By then you were too cool to talk to me!) Jane is top shelf. I'm recently divorced, no kids. And feeling a bit randy. The reason I contacted you was that my sorority sister Debbie was cleaning out her attic when she came across an old computer, from College. You'll never guess what she found. Oh that's just silly. Of course you'll guess! Just go to my Facebook page to see!
Love Liz"
He navigated back to he Facebook page. On her Facebook wall was a post: "Hi Tom, check out my photo library! Love Liz. P.S. Just you and me on this page, hon. Unless I make more friends!"
Clicking on her "photo" link brought Tom to exactly what he dreaded he'd find: Three digital photographs of him from that last night in the Tri Delt basement. In the first he appeared naked and in profile, with four giggling sorority girls out of focus in the background. He was clearly sporting a hard-on that was just north of horizontal. Sadly, he noted, his face looked almost exactly the same then as it did today. Tom had aged well, and it was unmistakably him. In the second picture, Liz was standing at his side with doggy ears and face paint, one hand enveloping his cock. Their eyes were locked together, and both wore giddy smiles. The third picture was one in which he and Liz stood side by side, facing the camera, with his blue cock proudly erect and Liz's arm and blue hand wrapped about his waist. In the background, more than a dozen sorority girls could be seen cheering and pointing and laughing.
Fuck! He thought. This is crazy. If these get out...
Tom's mind raced. Other people seeing these pictures could be awful for him now. He was, of course, not surprised by the pictures themselves, only their public display. In fact, true to her word, Debbie _had_ sent him copies of all of the photos in his sophomore year. Tom had copies of these same pictures, and lots more, on his own hard drive. On one drunk night early in their relationship, he had even shared them with Jane. He had entertained her with the story of that fateful night, and once she knew there were pictures, she was relentless until he showed them to her. She teased him a lot about that night, in a good-natured way. But if these pictures got to his colleagues, his friends, his students... that would be unbearable. It could also cost him his job. Why would Liz put them on a public website?
Then Tom remembered that Liz was also in the pictures. She couldn't expose him without risking exposure herself, could she? Wasn't she also in a buttoned down profession, with lots to lose?
Tom looked back at the pictures and saw the answer. While his identity (and then some) was easy to get from these snapshots, Liz's was not. With the make-up and dog ears and different hairstyle, it would be impossible to identify Liz from these photos.
Tom sent Liz an email, playing it as cool as he could:
"Dear Liz,
Wow, those pictures bring me back! What a hell week it was for both of us. I hope you will take them off the web before someone else sees them. As you can imagine, that might be embarrassing for me!!
Tom"
Within minutes, he received not a Facebook message or an email message but a text message, on his iPhone.
"Told u i wuz randy! searching new FB friends as we speak. You know Max Berber? Does Jane have a Facebook page? <3 Liz. PS: My Skype name is LizB241 call me Wednesday at noon."
Attached to the text message was another photo of Tom, from behind, his heart-shaped ass on prominent display.
Max Berber was the Chair of Tom's Department, a stiff Brahman type from old money. He was the last person in the world Tom would want to see these pictures. At least now he knew her game. This was not just reacquaintance. Liz was toying with him. Or worse.
He tried to reply to the text, but the return number was blocked and listed as "unpublished". He went back to email.
"Liz, Seriously, I'm asking you not to fuck around with my career like that. Why would you do that?"
He did not hear back from her all that day, or the next. He was worried about what she might do, but decided not to tell anyone else (especially Jane) just yet. On Wednesday, at noon, he closed his office door, opened his laptop, and logged into his Skype account. He placed a Skype call to her, and the connection sprang to life. Liz's audio was muted, but she wrote in the text panel:
"Hi Tom, thanks for calling! Sorry I couldn't spend more time catching up on Monday. Busy, busy, busy. My microphone isn't working, but I can hear you."
"Hi Liz," Tom said. He added, with evident doubt, "Your microphone isn't working?"
"Tom, you're still a perceptive guy. My microphone is working fine. I just like it this way! :) Do you have a webcam?"
"Yes, its built right into the laptop," Tom replied.
"Turn it on," Liz instructed.
"Look, Liz, I think we should talk first about what's going on," Tom said.
"Turn it on, now, Tom."
Tom hesitated, then said, "Liz, this is just a little strange, you know I..."
The Skype application indicated that LizB241 had hung up.
Tom tried to reconnect, to no avail. Ten minutes later, Jane called.
"Hi Tom!," she said
"Hi Jane, What's up?," Tom asked.
She laughed nervously. "I _hope_ it was you who just sent me that picture of your raging hard on in the Tri-Delt basement. It came from a caller-ID blocked phone."
Tom was confused for just a moment, then realized that Jane must have gotten a photo message from Liz, and thought it was from him. He struggled to regain his composure.
"I'm just trying to keep you thinking about me," he replied.
She chuckled. "Well I'm glad it was you. I love that picture. It still makes me giggle to see you hanging naked in the Tri Delt basement. But how did you know I wouldn't be with a friend or a client when I got it on my phone? And how did you mask the caller ID function? Pretty risky, babe."
"Feel free to respond in kind, kiddo," Tom said, his composure regained.
"Don't hold your breath, Tom. My office is all glass!" Jane shot back.
"I'm sure the guys wouldn't mind," Tom replied. "Anyway, I'll try to be more discreet."
"Not on my account! I know you love to show off," she laughed.
"I guess I do, Jane. I guess I do," Tom acknowledged.
"OK, I gotta go. But thanks for my picture. Love you, bye," Jane said warmly.
"Bye." Tom hung up.
Liz had sent his wife the photo. She was not fooling around. He tried to Skype her again, without answer.
Throughout the day, Tom nervously checked email, Facebook, Skype, and iPhone. Finally, near quitting time, he got another text message from Liz:
"Hey Blue Boy! Didn't you learn in college not to mess with Tri Delts? I'm calling the shots! Webcam Skype tomorrow, noon. U B naked! Then we can talk and I will give up the pix, promise. Else Berber et al get them!! Should B an easy call 4 U. Just a little fun. Nothing to worry about. love Liz"
Attached to this was a picture of Liz on all fours, with Mattie holding her leash. She was laughing (it was taken just after she first saw Tom's hell night predicament). Tom had this picture too in the files Debbie sent. It was his favorite porn. Liz's great laughing face juxtaposed with her humiliating pose, dangling breasts, and silly make up were the image Tom used to remember Liz by (often while masturbating).
Tom knew that this situation was spiraling out of control, and racked his brain to figure out a plan. He could not afford to risk these photos getting into the hands of Berber (or et al for that matter). He had been lucky that Jane already knew about the photos, but Liz couldn't have known that when she sent one to Jane. Liz was simply a loose cannon. He couldn't tell Jane now about this problem without admitting to a lie. And he really had no control over when and how he communicated with Liz. All in all, it was a risky situation for Tom.
Tom Googled "private detective Washington DC." He would play along tomorrow, but he would prepare to protect himself in the long run.
At noon the next day, Tom closed his door again, locking it from the inside. He was shaking with nerves, more over the prospect of Berber getting hold of those pictures than of the crazy thing he was about to do. He stripped off his sports coat, shirt and tie, and pants. He briefly considered keeping his underwear on while making the call, but decided not to risk it.
His office on street level had a floor-to-ceiling window on one wall, but the window was well-tinted. No one could see in (without cupping their hands against the glass) but he could plainly see people walking on the sidewalk. There were vertical blinds, but they had been stuck in a retracted position since well before Tom got the office. It was rare that anyone tried to peer in, but common for passers by to use the reflective glass to primp, comb their hair, or generally arrange themselves. It had always amused Tom to be the man behind the two-way mirror. During one summer the same woman stopped in front of his window every afternoon at the same time and applied a fresh coat of lipstick. Tom had enjoyed the voyeuristic pleasure of watching her in this intimate act, and once got to within a couple of feet of the window while she was performing her ritual.
Now, he would have to depend on the reflectivity of that outside glass! Tom stepped out of his underwear. He was naked, again, at the mercy of a Tri Delt. He sat in his Aeron chair and launched the webcam, to see what Skype would see. It made him laugh in resignation. Here he was, bare assed and about to call a crazy woman from his university office. The camera framed his torso and head. six feet behind, the glass wall could be seen as a background. He launched Skype and called Liz.
The computers connected. Liz's text box immediately came to life.
"Hi Tom! Web cam on?" the text scrolled up.
"Yes, Liz, it is coming on now. I hope you're still a woman of your word," Tom said, launching the video feed. When he knew her in College, Liz had been unusually inclined to keep her word. She was not beyond lying or cheating, but if she made a promise, she worked especially hard to keep it.
The video feed linked up. Tom saw a small inset image of what now was filling Liz's screen. He smiled, despite himself. "Can you see me?"
Liz wrote back, "YES! Very handsome. You haven't aged a bit, Tom. Great to see your face!"
"Thanks Liz. Hey, this is a bit awkward, you know. I can't see you or hear you. Don't you want to hook up your end too?"
"Not yet, Tom. Maybe later. But I will pipe you in some music. Within seconds, Tom's computer began playing music piped in from Liz's Skype connection. The song was an old favorite of their College days: "Turning Japanese" by the Vapors.
"OK Blue Boy, I need you to stand up and give me the full view!" Liz wrote.
Tom sighed, knowing this had been coming. He stood up, and backed away from the camera. When he could see that the frame was filled with his naked body from head to toe, he held out his arms and twirled around. Then he came back to the screen.
"Yay! Thanks. One more thing, then you'll be safe from me. Here it comes..."
The music faded, and the Macarena came on, loudly.
"Oh Christ, you've got to be kidding me!" Tom said, mostly to himself.
"Dance the MACARENA!" came the text reply.
Tom, humiliated once again, stood up and began to dance the silly Macarena dance. The song went on for two minutes, and he faithfully crossed his arms, held them out, put them on his head, wiggled his ass, and did a quarter turn hop six or seven times before the music cam to an end. He could not watch the monitor for fear he would catch a glimpse of himself in this ridiculous dance and bouncing cock against a background of passers-by strolling along the sidewalk a few feet away. He was nevertheless amused at the incongruity of his situation, which kept a smile on his face.
At last the song ended, and Tom came back to the monitor, red from a mix of embarrassment and exertion.
A voice came over the speaker. "Bravo, Tom. Well Done." He heard clapping, too. The voice was familiar...but not Liz. The video connection from the other side flickered on, and Tom was shocked and befuddled to see the face of his wife filling the window!
"Jane!" he exclaimed.
"Hi Tom," Jane smiled. "Not Liz, just me."
"But, but..." Tom stuttered.
"Its been all me Tom, all along. I made the phony Facebook page. Me. I hope you don't mind that I borrowed those files from your computer. Happy April Fools! Love you babe." She grinned.
Tom looked at the calendar. It was April 1.
When he looked back, still absorbing this stunning turn of events, Jane had turned on the Macarena again. She pushed her chair back a bit from the desk. Tom recognized their basement office in the background. He also noticed, as she slid her chair back from the camera, that his mischievous Jane was not wearing a stitch of clothes. She jumped up from the chair, and began to dance, laughing while sining to the camera:
"A la tuhuelpa legria macarena
Que tuhuelce paralla legria cosabuena
A la tuhuelpa legria macarena
Eeeh, macarena..."
The End