Joe Palmer pulled up into the concrete driveway beside the home of his son Damian and wife Candace. After an unbearably silent hours' drive from St. Louis that ended only ten minutes prior to reaching this destination, they made peace. Of sorts!
Engine shut off Joe glances over at his daughter-in-law and fidgets, "I'll stay long enough for you to download this video on your computer. I know after today you must be mentally exhausted."
She curls her lips inwardly while looking down at her shoes. "If I'm being honest then I can't say I'm mentally exhausted. When you do what I just did on stage your adrenalin manages to keep you pumped up."
He defies expression yet she still sensed his guilt from earlier. He lowers his tone, "I get it! I guess what I mean is the stuff we did here in the car together. That has to be tearing you up inside. Even though you want to keep it between us I know you too well. You have to explain yourself to my son. Awkward for me as much as you kid."
She nods ever so gently, "If I don't then when Damian finds out later it will destroy us. Don't you agree?"
He wants to argue the point but concurs finally, "You're right! I don't believe my Boy will take it too badly. He's pretty open minded. Of course," He takes a deep breath and holds it before finishing, "We are talking about the guy who brought him into this world."
She giggles nervously, "Thank you for that by the way."
He chuckles along with her, "We wouldn't be in this predicament if I hadn't. Anyway, let's get your bags inside. You can type him an e-mail while the video downloads. I would educate a guess that with as much footage as I took it's going to take awhile."
She agrees, "Not only that but I'll have to send probably twenty different e-mails to let him see it all." Her fingers delicately rise and pull back her hair behind her left ear, "I guess we could make some dinner while we wait if you're up to it. Not much else to do while we wait."
Joe puckers and rubs his belly. "Sounds like a plan, Kid. Pizza sounds good to me. I can order us one? You're paying by the way." He flutters the two $100 dollar bills at her that he forgot to mention, "After all you did win that dance contest."
Her jaw drops, "Wow! I nearly made back everything we spent on the clothes I bought. That could go in my favor when I explain things to Damian." Her hands go up in front of her with clenched fists out of excitement, "Yay, Me!"
On that note they vacated the car and hauled her little treasures into the house. A speedy run to the bathroom after their long drive Candi switched with her Father-in-Law then snuck her bags upstairs while Joe relieved himself.
Tossing them on the bed she unpacked them and removed the tags before storing them in a panty drawer. On top of the dresser was a wedding photo of she and Damian. So much in love. She lifted the small frame and kissed her husband with a followed sigh, "Please don't be mad at me Damian. You didn't seem to let it bother you that Kevin came in my mouth the other night. Your own Brother. And, now I have to tell you that your Dad did it too. If you can forgive me for this you can forgive me of anything."
Her thoughts still troubled she returns the frame to its home and trotted downstairs. She noted Joe opening her laptop sitting on the dining table and her eyes bulged. "Oh, my God! The video's that Roger took are on the desktop. If Joe see's those he's going to kill Kevin." She bolts down the stairs and moves behind Joe planting her hands on his shoulders, "Did you call for pizza yet? I'm starving!"
He hesitates and shakes his head, "Not yet. I thought I would get this download started first."
She fidgets, "My laptop! Let me! You go relax on the sofa and order our Supreme Pizza."
Without a fight he hands her the memory card and gets up from his seat. The second she has room she swiftly moves the desktop icons to her My Documents for safe keeping. Then she plugs in the chip and starts her download. In the meantime she hears Joe order the pizza and sighs with relief. She would protect Kevin as best she could.
Calming down she opened her e-mail and created a letter.
"Hi, Baby! I just got home from shopping with your Dad. He showed me your letter and it made me melt. So much has happened today. In our last e-mail you stressed that you wanted me to keep getting bolder. I'm doing my best. One step at a time. I won't mention certain things because your Dad is still here. He ordered pizza for us as I download the footage we took today. Yes, I filmed your fashion show. It could have been better but I don't think getting arrested would have been a good use for the money you sent. Bail would have used it all up."
"I bought some of the skimpiest night wear I could find. I think your Dad liked it too much. I "Know" he liked it too much. HeHeHe!"
"Afterwards, we went to an Adult Store like you asked. I bought some interesting things. Those I haven't unpacked yet. They're still sitting here by the couch. Shockingly I didn't have to pay a dime for our toys. Which you will understand once I send you these video's tomorrow. Before you see them though I need to tell you a few things. And, I pray you don't get mad at me. I did things only you might be proud of. The only thing I'm proud of is that I succeeded with getting bolder for You! Wait and see the video."
"Now comes the hard part. No pun intended. Your Father got so worked up over what I pulled off that I told him to jerk himself off. He deserved it after everything he did for us today. While you might laugh at that and possibly overlook it he did have second thoughts. He started to stop but I made him finish. I saw the agony in his eyes. I hope you understand my reasons."
"The decision I made to make him finish was spontaneous like you want from me. I know you might grit your teeth at this but I had to help him finish. Yes! I jerked your Father off in his car. You were on my mind the entire time. So deeply were my thoughts on you and us together, I'm afraid to tell you what happened next. But, I swore to you years ago that I would never lie to you or keep things from you. I won't begin now! So please forgive me but in my thoughts of you I gave your Dad a blowjob. He did have reservations because of you but I told him we would get through this as a family. He reluctantly let me finish him off. I swallowed every drop of cum he spit into my throat. Proud of me or not this happened. And, No there is no video of this personal Father's Day gift I gave him. Divorcing me now? Maybe I deserve that."
"Now you know my honesty and devotion to you. Any other woman would have denied it. I LOVE YOU! I LOVE YOU! I LOVE YOU! Forgive me if you find it in your heart to do so. And, please don't yell at Joe! He loves you just as much!"
"I'll send you these videos in the morning before I head to the Fitness Center. I'll dream of you. Love you forever. Your Adoring Wife! MUAH!"
With that she clicked send and nudged her laptop back. A moment to breath she looked over at Joe on the sectional. Her jaw dropped as she saw him holding her new Rabbit vibrator in his hand and had turned it on to watch it wiggle about with a loud hum.
"Joe! What are you doing over there?"
He chuckles, "Come on over Alice, I'll show you!"
Deep breath she got up from the wooden dining chair and stepped over toward him. She knelt down to sit on an ottoman and claimed the toy from him. Shutting it off she frowned, "Haven't you been mischievous enough for one day, Old Timer?"
He sat up straight with an expression of awe, "Old Timer? If you weren't my daughter-in-law I'd show you what this Old Timer could do."
She lifted an index finger and wagged it toward him, "We have enough trouble on our hands, Joe! I just sent Damian an e-mail. I told him everything. I just pray he can keep his temper in check."
Joe lost his playful ambition and sulked for a moment then shrugged, "What will be, will be! I just realized something." Her curious expression awaited his words, "You saw me cum but even after all you did today I haven't seen you cum. You can't tell me that you're not worked up. You even said it was hard to keep from masturbating on that stage."
Her eyes bulge and she tries not to grin or blush, "I won't deny that. But, don't you think we've overstepped our boundaries enough?"
He again shrugs, "Harmless enough after you saw me right? I'll just sit back and watch. Matter of fact I can video it even." He reaches into his pants pocket to pull out a second memory chip, "I bought a second one before I came over today. Just in case."
Her jaw dips low and she wags her Rabbit at him, "Evil, Evil Man! I'll think about it after we eat."
Inspiration struck Joe, "Hey! On the subject of devious plans. Why don't we video you getting the Pizza wearing one of your new sets of underwear? Tease the delivery driver."
In response Candi stammers, "What if it's somebody I know? Or knows Damian. That's rather risky."
Joe puckers, "I dare you! You know Damian might do the same."
Her eyes roll and she screeches through grit teeth, "Stop daring me! You know I'm horny as heck after today and you keep getting my mind on bad things." She smacks his knee cap with her Rabbit giggling, "Damian was the Devil's son in the Omen. That must make you Satan."
He folds his arms and eyes her without blinking until she growls, "FINE! Which outfit I probably don't have much time?"
He doesn't even have to think on it, "The sheer black bra and matching G-string."
She raises an eye brow, "I might as well be naked. You can see everything. There's no imagination in that set."
He nods, "True, but it accent's you perfectly with that golden tan."
She looks over her arms, "I need to start tanning again I'm getting light. Tan lines are beginning to develop. Okay, I'll go change. Get the camera ready and find a good hiding spot. The driver will panic if he sees you."
Storming up the stairs she swiftly changes out of her sweats and into the clinging tight sheer shadows of an underwear. She closes a closet door that has a full length mirror and models to herself, "Holy shit! I'm in love with myself!"
Her admiration quickly shifts when she hears the doorbell ring. Taking a deep breath she heads downstairs. Through the screen door was a tall good looking man her own age. Dark hair and clean shaven.
He hadn't noticed her yet giving her time to look around and spot Joe hiding in the kitchen through a crack in the door. She bit her lip and went down past the open front door to sit on her sofa. Noting cash on the ottoman she thought fast and tucked two bills under her bra concealing her nipples and one bill slid perfectly in her thong hiding her pussy. With a giggle she recites, "Come on in."
The man heard her and casually opened the screen door to peer inside and track the voice. Immediately he notices her laying there biting at her nail with a glare of excitement in her blue eyes. At this angle Joe could see her from the side fully.
The pizza man swallowed hard and stood there nervously. She pats the ottoman and tells him, "You can sit the pizza here." The man smiled awkwardly then noticed the money hidden on her body.
After moving cautiously he rests the pizza down and eyes her while standing over her, "Uhhhh! Wow! This is a first." She sighs running her hands over her stomach dramatically for him to view with a generous amount of eye contact.
Swallowing hoarsely, he utters, "That's $14.33!" She smiles sensually at him, "My hands are a little busy. Do you mind getting the money for me?"
He chuckles and bends over her to pull a $5 dollar bill from her left breast to reveal a perfect stimulated nipple. He puckered with a shrill whistle, "That's nice!" Greedily he pinches the other $5 in her right bra cup to show off both nipples now. "Man! I hope you keep ordering pizzas on the night's I work. Those are very nice tits."
She says nothing as he moves his gaze toward her thong and opts to give her a wink just before slipping the remaining $5 from her G-string. Once removed her pussy was in full gloriously wet view through the sheer material. He even noted the bill having a moistness to the paper. He mischievously placed the bill under his nose for a deep inhale scenting her pussy's fragrance.
"Sweet! Do I get a tip? Or do you?" He pats his building erection. He suddenly was becoming very bold and sat down on the sofa beside her to rub his palms along her legs. This move frightened Candi but she refrained from showing it, not wanting to scare him off just yet. She knew Joe was there in case things went badly.
The driver lifted her right leg and kissed it all the way down to her ankle. She rather liked that she thought. He then rolled his palm back along her inner thigh and gently slipped fingers under the cloth to touch her clit. She in turn exhaled a tender moan as his thumb began to massage her clitoris repeatedly.
"Like that?" He whispers.
She nods with a tremble, "Yes!"
He then smirks, "Want more of that?"
She flares her eyes and nostrils then thinks of Joe who had said nothing so far. She felt he would stop her when he was ready. With a whimper she hisses, "Yes!"
The man then moves his hands away and attempts to remove her thong. With hips raised she allows him to finish his task until she felt the strings escape over her toes. The man then returned his fingers to her pussy rubbing slightly more vigorously. She couldn't help but moan, it felt entirely too good.
She felt his other hand guide her legs up and wider for a much better view. "This pussy is really wet. You must have really anticipated the delivery guy would be good looking."
She said nothing in return merely enjoying his thumbs friction. Finally, he slows down and slides his body over her lower half to kiss along her abs, flicking his tongue inside her belly button which tickled her. His warm kisses led higher until he reached her chest which he sat up to admire. Her 34D's were heaving from her heavy breathing. Nerves were setting in the further he was going. He reached up in between her tits to find a front clasp that once unhooked let her breasts free. Peeling the cups aside he dove higher to begin sucking on her nipples. She loved the attention of his nibbling and biting then tender kisses. Her moans grew more and more intense.
Unknown to her Joe stood behind the door fascinated by the events. He knew he should intervene but couldn't. Not yet! He wanted to see just how far Candi would go on her own before stopping the man. Besides that he needed her to be so excited that he himself would witness up close when she masturbated. An old gambling term he thought. Let it Ride!
The man reached down to unfasten his own pants while she was withdrawn by his attention. Candi hadn't even noticed until she heard a belt buckle jingle. Her eyes bulged wide as she glared toward Joe. She could see him holding the camera steady and motioning her to continue. This made her feel ill at ease. Very much further and this man might try fucking her. This wasn't in her plans. She didn't think Damian would want her to go that far. After all Damian knew he was the one and only man to take her virginity and fill her holes. No other man had been near them until recently. And so far things had remained sacred.
She felt the man lift his hips to slide his pants down and the sudden thump of his dangling cock gracing her hip. Her eyebrows creased, almost a cringe as her gaze met Joe's once more. She expressed a look of despair but Joe still waved for her to keep going. She started to panic as the man gripped her knees and used them as leverage to hoist himself up over her. He smiled down at her as he let his cock slide up and down over her clit. She couldn't help but moan at the sensitivity. She wanted penetration but only Damian. As the man lined his crown up to enter her she could feel it's throbbing while it loitered between her hood.
Then, came a loud thump that startled them. The man pulled away with eyes wide. She grit her teeth and whined when they heard a loud voice. 'Hey Kid! Dad's home! Where's my supper?"
The man bolted off of her and pulled his pants up almost falling backwards in the process. Grabbing his money he darted out without a second glance leaving her to burst out laughing.
Joe entered the living room waving the camera, "Now that was intense footage."
She laid there breathing harshly and holding a hand to her chest, "Joe! I'm going to kill you. That was too close for comfort. Two more seconds and I wouldn't have been faithful to Damian. One good thrust and I would have been fucked."
Joe chuckled, "I stopped it. All that matters! Damian will laugh his ass off at that because I was whispering a play by play from the kitchen. I told him it was my idea. Don't sweat it."
She starts to sit up when Joe points at her, "Ohhhh, No! Don't you move."
He bends down to retrieve the Rabbit vibrator from under the couch and lowers it toward her pussy, rubbing the head of it on her clit.
She gasps, "You planned this didn't you? Evil I say!"
Joe merely smirks and places the devices crown into her hole easing it in slowly. The clit stimulator tickled its destination. Then he turned it on to watch her face with the camcorder. Moving the lens back and forth over her body to capture every twitch and wiggle. Her eyes sealed at the terrorizing of the rotation inside her, grazing her g-spot over and over.
She tried to take the toy from Joe but he snapped, "You helped me. I'm helping you. Lay there and take it!"
She licked her tongue along her lips and teeth as she squeezed her breasts. Joe sat down between her legs and guided the toy further inside her not just letting it circulate but now plunging it in and out of her. Her toes curled up as she began squealing breathlessly until her body quaked in convulsions, "I'm coming Damian."
Torrid minutes escape until finally she squirts and her juices drench Joe's knuckles.
"That's my girl! Now we're even. Well almost." Pulling the toy out he places it over her to touch her mouth letting her suckle on it while it squirms. While her attention is focused on it Joe kneels down and laps his tongue on her pussy, flicking and sucking on her hood as she continued draining herself. He did his best to pan the camera back and forth between them.
She couldn't focus on her predicament and just let it play out. For five minutes Joe ate her pussy. Convincing himself that if she had given him a BJ then he could eat her out. Justice like the pizza was served.
With a final lick he lifts away and wipes his chin on his wrist.
She let the vibrator pop from her lips and shuts it off.
Dead silence just like before.
Finally, Joe lifts the video camera to face himself. "Sorry, Son. I was compelled to make things even. It stops here. Get over it and come home soon. This girl needs her Husband! Love you, "D" Man."
Then he points it toward her face. She glares without expression before finally opening up, "Damian? Everything I do, I do for you. Whatever you want I'll find a way to make it happen. Just please come home to me soon. I love you! Goodnight, Baby."
Joe shuts the camcorder off and sits it down.
He then scoops up a slice of pizza and offers it to her.
She declines and gets up to walk around him without a word. She went to the dining table and checks on the download. It had finished long ago. Without another thought she goes to the camera and trades the memory chips in order to download what they had just taped. Starting it she shivers from a sudden chill and blindly moves around to crawl back on to the couch to snuggle up under Joe's arm. He drapes it around her and uses his palms friction to warm her up. He then hears her sob and utter, "I miss him so much!
Joe puckers tossing his unfinished pizza slice back on to the pie.
"I do too, Kid. I do too."
He growled under his breath.
He was rock hard again.
"Great!"