It was a hot summer day, and we'd just arrived at my boyfriend's parents' house. They were vacationing in Europe and asked if we could housesit for a week or so. When Connor asked if I wanted to, my answer was an immediate and emphatic yes, mostly because they have a gorgeous pool and hot tub in the backyard.
Eager to go for a swim, I pulled my bikini out to change into. It didn't leave much to the imagination -- the top was a bit too small, leading to an embarrassing amount of side boob, and the bottom was cheekier than I'd remembered -- but I wasn't really concerned about showing too much skin. The backyard was surrounded by a tall fence, and we had the whole place to ourselves. I grabbed my sunscreen and headed downstairs.
Connor was fixing up some drinks in the kitchen when he saw me come in, and his reaction sent a tingle up my spine. "Fuck," he said. "You look so good in that."
I winked and dangled the sunscreen in front of him. "Why don't you get changed and meet me outside? You can help me get my back... and maybe other parts, too."
As I walked towards the patio door, I gave my bare ass cheek a little slap for his benefit. Normally, I'd tease him more, but I was dying to jump in that pool. I was almost finished applying sunscreen when Connor came out in his swim trunks, drinks in hand. He set them down and reached towards the bottle in my hand. "I'll take it from here." I obliged, and he started with my back before moving towards my hips, then up to my chest. His hands reached underneath my bikini top, squeezing my tits, his fingers lightly tracing around my nipples. They hardened, straining against the fabric. I melted into him as he continued to massage me from behind, his cock pushing up against my ass.
I turned around and leaned up to kiss him. "Your turn." I helped him lather his body with sunscreen, and we settled down on the lounge chairs to wait for it to set in, but my patience waned after a just few minutes. "Fuck it," I announced, standing up from the chair. "I'm going in!"
I skipped over to the deep end and cannonballed into the pool. When I emerged from the water, I could feel that my bikini top was disheveled; my right nipple was partially exposed, and my left boob had completely fallen out of the bikini cup. I started to straighten myself out when I felt a splash next to me, signaling that Connor had jumped in, too. He swam over to me and scooped me up to cradle me. "Well hello there," he said, eyeing my chest.
I gave up on fixing my top and leaned up to kiss him instead. I shifted my legs from his embrace and wrapped them around his torso, straddling him in the water. His dick was even stiffer now, sticking straight out from his swim trunks, threatening to break free. He grabbed my ass and pulled me in closer.
"Thank goodness for that fence," I said leaning into his chest.
"Agreed," he replied, giving my ass cheeks a squeeze. "Otherwise, we'd be putting on quite the show." He reached for my crotch and pushed aside my bikini bottom to expose my pussy underwater. His fingers grazed against my clit, eliciting a moan, and settled on my slit. I desperately wanted him to plunge his fingers inside me, but he decided to draw it out and barely dipped them in. "I know we're surrounded by water, but I can tell you're already awfully wet." I nodded and tried to push myself down onto his fingers, but he knew better than to give me what I wanted right away.
I turn into a brat when I'm aroused, which I've been told makes me really fun to tease. Connor knows this about me and loves making me beg for what I want. I'll pout and whine, sometimes to the point of crying from desperation, and he'll laugh, denying my pleasure until finally taking control and letting me have it. I thought we were about to play this game until he abruptly shoved his fingers into my pussy.
"Do you like feeling my hard dick against you?" He hooked his middle finger in my cunt, hitting my G-spot and causing me to writhe with pleasure. My muscles tensed as I felt an orgasm already starting to build up.
"Y-yes," I gasped between breaths.
"Should I fuck you right here, in this pool?" He fingered me faster.
"Yes. Yes, please."
He chuckled. "You're gonna have to earn it then."
He scooped me up by my thighs and carried me to the shallower end of the pool, then plopped me in the water before hopping up to sit on the edge. He pulled off his swim trunks and threw them to the side. His bare cock jutted straight out from his crotch, taunting me.
I waded over and positioned myself between his legs. I wrapped my right hand around the base of his cock, leaned over, and started to slowly lick its head. He groaned as I wrapped my lips around his dick, swirling my tongue as I started to take more of it into my mouth. With each upward movement, I swirled my hand, stroking it in sync with my sucking.
I then reached over and cupped his balls with my left hand, massaging them gently as I continued to blow him. I could feel myself getting wetter and wetter, and I closed my eyes, immersing myself in the sensation of my lips around his hard cock. I felt him wrap his hand around my hair, guiding my head, using me for his pleasure.
"Baby, you're gonna make me cum already," he said, his breathing becoming more erratic. I knew this was my cue to speed up just a little, fast enough to bring him to orgasm without it being too overwhelming. I pumped his dick deeper into my mouth so he could feel it press against the back of my throat.
I looked up made eye contact with him, briefly removing my mouth while continuing to jerk him off. "Please give it to me," I begged, feeling his shaft throb under my touch, an orgasm building. "Make me swallow all of your cum, baby. Make me take it."
I put my lips back on his cock, kissing it lightly before shoving it back into my mouth. His mouth fell open, and he groaned; watching me stroke his dick while it disappeared between my lips was too much, and I knew he was going to cum. He grabbed my head and fucked my face as he shot spurts of hot cum down my throat. When he was finished, I lifted my head and smiled at him. He leaned down so I could kiss him before he scooted off the pool edge and into the water next to me.
"I think it's your turn," he said, hugging me from behind.
"Yes, please," I responded.
He scooped me up in his arms and carried me out of the pool. After setting me down on one of the lounge chairs, he grabbed the sides of my bikini bottom and slipped it off, exposing my bare cunt. I moaned as he spread my legs open, kneeled down in front of me, and kissed his way from my inner thigh up to my clit.
He started slow, gently sucking on my clitoral hood before swirling his tongue around my pussy lips. I leaned my head back and closed my eyes, losing myself in the pleasure. I felt him start to slide his tongue up and down my slit, occasionally giving my clit a little flick, causing me to twitch from the intensity. He reached up with one hand to fully push aside each part of my bikini top so he could expose my tits. He massaged and squeezed them as he ate me out.
While licking my clit, I felt him insert a finger into my pussy. It was when he hooked his finger to hit my G-spot that I opened my eyes, my whole body flinching from the sudden change in sensation. I gripped the sides of the lounge chair as he fingered me. Fuck, was I close to cumming.
My eyes rolled back, and when my vision came back into focus, I thought I saw something out of the corner of my eye. In a second-story window of the house next door, I saw someone in the frame, staring at me as writhed in pleasure.
"Connor," I gasped, reaching down to tap his hand. "Connor, there's someone watching us."
He paused and looked up at me from between my legs. "Wait, what?"
I glanced back at the window, making eye contact with the person in the window. It looked to be a man, maybe in his 30s, and he was watching us from above.
Something about the eye contact was... I don't even know. Was I aroused by this? It felt like a switch had been turned on inside me as I realized that I was enjoying this stranger's voyeurism. The idea of him watching us in the pool, watching me suck Connor's cock, maybe even hearing me moan... I imagined him watching and wishing he was in Connor's place, wishing I was sucking his cock, wishing he was making me moan... fuck, that was hot to think about.
Connor felt my pussy tense up and get wetter, and he started rubbing my clit to get my attention. I looked back at him and whimpered.
He smiled. "Do you want me to keep going? Do you like this?"
I nodded enthusiastically. "Yes, please... please don't stop."
"Do you like being watched? Are you enjoying this, slut?"
I just about lost it at that. I looked down at Connor, then back up at the man in the window. I felt the stranger's gaze glide over my tits, my stomach, down to my pussy; his eyes lingered there as he reached for his own crotch. He grabbed his cock through his pants and started to stroke. "Yes, baby... fuck yes. Fuck. Please..."
Connor got up and leaned over to kiss me while still rubbing my clit. His dick, rock hard once more, brushed against my thigh. I reached down to hold it, stroking it slowly as we made out.
I broke the kiss and leaned up towards his ear. "Should we give our new friend even more of a show?"
I repositioned myself so I could spread my legs open, continuing to stroke his cock as I lightly tugged it closer to my crotch. Then, I slid a few fingers into my pussy, surprised (but also not surprised) at how wet I was; it was practically dripping. I brought my hand back to his cock, lubricating it with my own wetness.
Sensing what I wanted, he shifted his body so he could comfortably fuck me. Before entering me, he glanced up at the window, then back at me.
"As I fuck you," he said, "I want you to look up at him. I want you to tell me what he's doing while I shove my cock into you, over and over, making you lose control. Okay?"
I nodded. With that, he plunged his cock straight into me. I gasped as he started to thrust in and out, filling me up, my pussy walls convulsing around his dick. I was so wet that he slid in and out with ease while still maintaining the perfect level of friction to drive us both wild.
After a few moments, I looked back up at the window and moaned. The man was still masturbating, but his hand was now in his pants, probably rubbing his bare cock. I started to feel that feeling again -- that inexplicable urge to see him do more, to watch him get off from watching us. I wrapped my legs around Connor to pull him closer into me; I wanted him to fuck me harder as I felt my orgasm build up.
"Tell me what he's doing now," Connor asked, increasing his pace.
My eyes fixated on the stranger's hand rapidly moving in his pants. "He's... he's touching himself, but it's under his... his pants now," I responded between breaths. "He's moving faster now. His mouth is falling open a bit... I think he's moaning. Oh my god; I think he's close to cumming."
I looked back at Connor. "I need you to fuck me senselessly. Right now. I want you to fuck me until you cum inside me. I want you to fill me all the way up. I want him to watch me lose control as we cum together. Please..."
Connor grunted and fucked me harder, shaking the lounge chair beneath us. I looked back at the window and gasped. The man started to visibly shudder, jacking himself off furiously until his jaw dropped and he came in his pants. His hand movements slowed and he closed his eyes, breaking our eye contact. Watching all of this pushed me over the edge, and I started cumming, too. I let out a long moan, my pussy contracting around Connor's cock as my orgasm flowed through my whole body. Connor couldn't hold out any longer and started to cum soon after; his eyes rolled back, and his body quivered as his cum surged into me. After cumming for the second time that day, he collapsed next to me. Our bodies twitched as we came down from climaxing together.
I closed my eyes and took a few deep breaths to collect myself. I'd just experienced one of the most intense orgasms of my life, and based on Connor's endurance and subsequent exhaustion, I suspected the same was true for him.
When I opened my eyes again, I looked up at the window, expecting to see the stranger staring back at me. I wanted him to see more of me, and I wanted to see more of him, too. I really liked how it felt to be watched, to know that a stranger was so aroused that he couldn't help but masturbate right then and there. I wanted to feel more of that. I wanted to make him do it again.
Instead, the window was empty; he'd vanished, almost as if he'd never been there in the first place.