The other girl was black. Serious black. As in Somalian black, not Caribbean black. Not coffee coloured, or at least not coffee that had had a touch of milk. Her genes were undiluted by anything that might have lightened her complexion. Black skin, even her head, which was devoid of hair. Shaved, I guessed, the way so many guys do now, but not so many girls.
Which gave her the advantage. In bright sunlight, my white complexion would stand out, against whatever background I could find, trees mostly, was my guess, perhaps a building, not much else. She would blend into woodland like a shadow. Could lie in long grass like a mound. A real advantage for this game.
Even her shaved skull would give her an advantage over me. She looked like one of those Vogue models, but with dark lips, not glossed scarlet, not made up for a photo-shoot, just natural, for playing sport, or games, if outdoor hunting is a game. I have a mane. Blonde. Waist length. Not straight, nor curly. Somewhere in between. Tied back, for running, a pony tail, scrunchied close to my scalp, another mid-way down, a third right at the end. Dressage, they call it.
We were standing opposite each other, waiting for the klaxon that would signal the beginning of the hunt. Ready to run. To wherever seemed a good place to duck and dive and hide. We had been given no prior briefing on the layout of the grounds. All that I knew was that the view on either side of the long driveway, leading to what seemed like a large manor house, was open grass, with copses of oak and ash and chestnut, with some pine trees, and some weeping willows standing separately here and there.
She was the first and only black girl I had seen butt naked. Nice body. I could see why she had passed the selection interview. My height. More muscle. Sprinter's thighs, where mine are more long distance runner's. Strong calves. An afro butt. Not quite the kind that you could rest a glass on, but getting close to that.
Slim waist, hard stomach, flat and firm. An outie navel. Good breasts. Fuller than mine, and mine are pleasantly more than a handful. I wondered if in the part of Africa that her family had come from, there were melons, whose skin was just as black. Wide areolas, barely distinguishable, since every inch of flesh was black, except that where most of her skin was matt, the taut skin of her areolas had been polished to a sheen, right to her thick, eraser, nipple stubs.
She would be fast, over shorter distances at least, but I can run as well. Former college champion at ten kilometres, I can last the distance. She would tire, get out of breath. Her breasts would slow her down.
Mine need a sports bra, normally, and since I could not wear one for the hunt, they would slow me as well, but not as much as hers would do. They are full enough to push out tee-shirts, with small areolas, coin sized, and cherry nipple stubs. Like someone tied some thread around them, and pulled it tight, so that they look like balls of chewing gum, stuck on the areolas, or pink-red M and M's, without the nut inside, just sensitive nerve endings, packed beneath the skin. Malteasers.
Not that my nipples are going to make a different in this race. Still comparing me with her, my core is not as strong as hers was either. Where her stomach wall seemed to emerge from just below her breasts, my rib-cage shows. My stomach is concave, my pelvic girdle shows beneath my skin, rounded by my butt flesh, but by no means hidden.
Her mound was just that, a mound, with a slit of an entrance, hairless, whether she shaved it like her head, or had depilated it some other way. Mine, with its protruding labial flaps, is quite pronounced. Not that I starve myself. Just my metabolism, burning calories as fast as I consume them, before they turn to fat. I no longer need to shave. Laser made it permanently smooth.
And, of course, I run. That burns the calories that I consume. Thinking of which I checked her shoes. Like mine, issued to us as we were getting changed. Not trainers. More like swimming shoes. Slip-ons. Elasticated canvass tops, and rubber soles. Flat heels, no cushioning for running. More like running barefoot. At least we were the same, except that hers were black, like her, and mine were white, like me.
She spoke first, to break the awkward silence as we waited by the door.
"Have you done this before?" she asked.
Not what I expected. Not Brixton. She could have been Sloane Square. Private school. Well spoken. Like myself, I guess.
"First time," I said.
"Mine too," she said.
"I'm hoping it will be fun," I told her.
"Me too," she said.
Then silence. We were competitors, not friends. One prize going. Worth good money. Five thousand up for grabs, for just two hours. If I could win it. Which meant beating her, and, of course, avoiding them.
"Do you think that it will hurt?" she asked. "Getting shot, I mean."
"They said it won't," I said. "Or not so much we need to worry. They said that it might leave a bruise, but that would fade."
"At least that won't show on me," she grinned.
I had not thought of that before. I bruise, too easily. My milk white skin turns dark purple when a squash ball hits it hard, or if I bang my leg, or anything. Black skin, the kind of black she was, is far too dark to let a bruise show through.
She had a nice smile. Full lips, good teeth. Nice eyes, that smiled along with her mouth. I could like her, I thought. It was a pity this was as much a contest between ourselves, as it was against the men.
I wondered who the men would be. Reasonably rich, of course. Able to afford to pay to hunt for fun. Not shooting deer, or grouse, or rabbits, but live human targets, on the run. Four men, each contributing a decent lump of cash, covering the prize itself, the costs of the equipment, the grounds, the administration and the recruitment of the girls. A moderately expensive pastime. But possibly no more so than golf, at one of those elite clubs like my father's was, below the Surrey Downs.
So they would be reasonably rich, but old, or young, or in between, and fit, and fast, or overweight and slow to get around? Hopefully the latter. Hopefully the kind of guy I could outrun. Zig-zagging, so as not to be an easy target.
They had let me try a gun. Outside, before undressing and waiting to be released. The range, Sam had explained, was fifty metres. Bull's eye style targets mounted on straw bales. Blue outer, white next, and red, dead centre. I had hit blue, the two times that I hit anything at all. It had felt good, though, firing the rifle, looking down the sight.
They would be using the same sight, but not with any bull's eye target. They would be lining up to fire at me. Or her. Pellets. Not live ammunition. Not bullets. Nothing that would break the skin. Gas propelled paint balls. An oil based dye, Sam said, clear evidence you had been hit, not washable, not without some kind of alcohol based wipe. No way to remove it on the field of play. A hit would be a hit, Sam had explained.
I had not asked her name. The other girl. Or told her mine. I was about to put that right, except the door opened, the one that led outside. Sam walked in and closed it.
"Two minutes to klaxon," she said. "Remember, you have just a two-minute start on the hunters. It's not that long. Your decision whether to maximise your distance, or to hunker down and hide. You can go anywhere. The borders of the grounds are the roads and the stream. Cross them, and you are on public land. Which you are free to do, if that's what you decide."
It was a restatement of what we knew already, but Sam was just doing her job.
Shorter than both of us. Seriously petite, since I am just five-five. Dressed in army fatigues, right down to the beret. Shaved back and sides. What remained was blonde, and crew-cut short. Or so I had seen, when she had interviewed me. With her beret covering the top, she might as well have been shaved as close my competitor, all round. On my opponent, her shaved skull could have meant anything. On Sam, it suggested she was gay. A latent lesbian, or active, who liked overseeing the hunting of naked, heterosexual girls.
"Five thousand in the kitty," she said. "That's at the start. Each time that you are hit, the prize drops by one thousand, so don't get hit. Whichever of you has least hits, will win whatever's left. If it's a draw, it's split. All understood?"
"Understood," we both said, as we were a duet, school-children saying 'yes' to teacher.
It was a novel way to finance a holiday. Some wives work. Some husbands earn enough to fund things on their own. I had been made redundant, "down-sizing due to Covid" had been the management excuse. My husband's job was good, and covered most things, but did not stretch to let us have the kind of holiday where everything is paid for, and you just enjoy the sun.
So when I saw the advert, I had dropped an email asking to know more, and met with Sam, and here I was, about to try to win five thousand in two hours, or at the minimum, to win at least the one.
"Check watches," she told us.
I checked mine.
Black, digital, strapped to my wrist by Sam when she was showing me where I should change, if undressing, and leaving your clothes and waiting naked, can be described as changing.
Not quite mid-day. Thirty seconds still to go.
"Goggles," Sam instructed us.
The one precaution they were taking, to make sure we did not get a paint ball in the eye. Like swimming goggles. The same colours as our footwear. Hers were black. Mine white. The straps that is. The plastic covering the eyes was clear. I put mine on. The black girl did the same. The lenses were quite clear. Not much distortion. Vision good. I checked my watch again. Eleven seconds, and counting down.
"What's your name?" I asked her.
"Sophie," she said.
I told her mine, just as the klaxon sounded, outside, somewhere in the grounds Like an air raid siren, two long blasts.
Sam opened the door. I did not hesitate. Each second mattered. I went first. Outside, I ran, crossing an extensive lawn. Not straight. Diagonally, to my left. The hunters would assume we would go straight, I thought.
A ten-kilometre run will take me less than an hour. You do not sprint. You run, at pace, but steadily. Which gave me time to turn. Sophie was sprinting, off to the right, legs thrusting, breasts bouncing wildly. The game was on. Just her, and me, and some men who soon would follow, armed with guns.
Red, blue, green and yellow. That was what Sam had said. Four men. Each with a different colour of pellet. The most times you could get hit was four. Which left one thousand. That had been the clincher. The way that Sam had sold it to me.
"You can't lose," she had said, while we were drinking wine together in the pub in Oxford. "The prize reduces, but never less than a thousand. So if it's help with uni fees..."
I took that as a compliment. Twenty-eight, and still mistaken for a student. But then, who else would do this, voluntarily. Not many married women. Not that my husband knew. I had told John that I was out walking for the day, while he was catching up with paperwork. That was all. Not being hunted. Not by four men. Just how I would explain the money, I would work out later, assuming that I won. Sam had sold it to me as a certainty. Sales hype, to be persuasive, I knew that now that I had met the other girl who would be hunted with me.
What Sam had not said was that there would be two of us, or that if the other girl was hit by fewer of the hunters than I was, she would get the prize, the lot, with whatever was deducted for the number of paint ball hits that she received.
"Okay, Sophie," I thought. "It's you and me. And I intend to win this game!"
The taxi drive up to the house had been reasonably long. Long enough to twist and turn a few times. Maybe the best part of a mile. Which led me to assume that the land behind the house, where I was running, would be just as extensive. Space enough in which I could lose myself and hide from harm. I got that wrong.
I heard the traffic first. In front of me. A road, somewhere ahead. Mostly low rumbling, tyres on tarmac. Some engine noise as well.
I was still heading diagonally left from the rear door of the house that I had run from. Flat ground. Grass, cut short, a massive lawn. Solitary trees. No copses. Nowhere I could hide.
Some of these estates have high brick walls, built a hundred or more years ago. This one had a fence. Three bars between each upright. No animals to keep in. No worries about foxes, who could come and go. No real concern that trespassers could climb through, it seemed. Cars passing on the other side of it. No screening. You could see over and between those fence bars. I was in full view.
I stopped, perplexed. Checked my watch. One minute gone, and seconds digitally marching on.
Behind me, the grounds were far too small to hide in. Not with four men all searching. You can hide beneath a weeping willow, where the fronds hang down and touch the ground, and form a tent around the trunk, but there were no weeping willows at the back. The best that I could do would be to stand behind a tree trunk, hoping that the men would go the other way. Not a great game plan, when they had two hours to find and kill their prey.
I had to cross the road, or tack back right and hope for something better. A split-second coin toss in my head and I was on the run again, tacking right, running parallel with the fence, just feet from it, ignoring cars that passed me as I ran. At least I was pretty certain John would not be driving past, nor anyone I knew.
Not that they ignored the naked girl, streaking on the massive lawn behind the house. Some looked. Others used their car horns. Amused, appreciative, or outraged. I could not tell. I just kept running, straight.
I spotted it before I saw the stream. The hump-backed bridge. England's quick and easy way of crossing narrow water. No gentle slope. Just up and over, and if you drive too fast the risk of front wheels leaving contact with the ground, and landing with a crunch to test the car's suspension. Red brick sides, supporting the hump of road.
"Fuck!"
It was just a stream, but too wide to jump across, and with no stepping stones. Clean water, flowing slowly, the bottom visible, and no more than ankle deep, so I could have waded it, but my shoes would get wet, and running with wet shoes, wet canvass, and potentially water still inside, would not be anything like fun.
Beyond were woods. Dense trees. Perfect to hide in. I could last two hours in there. It would take an Indian scout to find me, to track the broken twigs and stomped on grass, and my guess was, none of the men who had paid to hunt me would be Cherokee or Sioux.
The fence stopped at the bridge, where either side was low brick wall, festooned with moss, and then continued on the other side. I had seconds to decide. The cars were not exactly bumper to bumper, but there were enough of them to make going onto the road seem daunting, except I had no choice. I did not even wait for any kind of quiet gap. I just went straight to the fence.
I put one leg through, between the middle cross-bar and the top. Then I ducked, and got my head and body through. For just a moment I had one foot on the ground on either side, and the middle cross-bar nestling high between my legs. I pulled my other leg through, and I was on the road.
A car passed. The driver used their horn, two light taps, warning or appreciation, I could not tell. I did not know if they were male or female. Right then I did not care. I followed it, running up the slope of the bridge, over the hump, and down the other side, as another car came toward me. Another horn.
There was no time to care about the fact that I was naked. This was a chase, a real time hunt, and by now four men would have started stalking me, each carrying a gun. I felt incredibly vulnerable, my back and butt exposed. I did not care that drivers coming towards me could see my front, my breasts and cunt. What really scared me was the thought of being shot at by a hunter, my rear a target for anyone who might be following behind.
Another car, behind me. This time the car horn was much louder, and prolonged. Intended as a warning, probably, but serving to alert the hunters that something, at least, was going on.
I had to get away. There were woods on both sides of the road, now that I had used the bridge to cross the stream. Instead of ducking back through the fence to the woods on the side of the road I had been on, I crossed it. Just as another car drove by, and like the others, used its horn.
I ducked through the fence on the far side of the road, and immediately got stung. I should have looked. Nettles. Calf length. Not just by the fence, but extending into the woods, blending in with knee high ferns. If this was what the woods were like, hiding would be painful. Ducking down would inevitably be worse. Nettles at my butt and cunt. Not worth the time to think about.
Stay on the road, was suddenly the only choice that came to mind.
I clambered through the fence again, from nettles back to tarmac, and started running. Always, in the countryside, you walk or run towards the oncoming traffic. That way you see what is coming towards you, instead of risking being hit from behind. Drummed into me by my parents on our country rambles, any time we had to use a road.
This time, on the firm road surface, I was more conscious that the rubber soles of my foorwear provided little cushioning against the impact of each stride. I tried to land on my toes, instead of my heels, and to have my knees partially bent already as my foot came down, using my thighs as shock absorbers to minimise the impact as I ran.
It worked, up to a point. My breasts, without support, bounced rhythmically to my steady pace, left and right, as well as up and down. As I described, they are not unduly large, but breast flesh, unlike muscle, will move freely, unconstrained. It felt so very different to running on a track, in trainers, with a sports bra holding things in check.
The oncoming traffic mostly just ignored me. The drivers looked, of course. Even at the thirty miles an hour or so that they were doing, I could see their eyes. Some carried passengers. Some had children in the back. Two lorries had to swerve around me. They used their horns, more like wolf-whistles than irritation. Strangely, I got used to it, and I felt good.
Someplace, somewhere up the road, there had to be a gate, a track, or something, entering the woods. That was my theory. A black shape crossing several hundred feet in front of me confirmed it. Sophie. She had got there first.
Two hundred feet is just ten seconds. I turned into the track and followed her, and immediately felt the stinging pain. My back, below my shoulder blade. I reached around and fingered it, still running. Yellow paint on my finger-tips. A hit. My prize, if I survived to win, was down to one thousand pounds.
"Fuck!"
That had to have been meant for Sophie. She had to have been seen, and followed, and would have been shot, except I had arrived and been that much closer to whichever hunter had fired from his side of the road, and hit the nearer target. And Sam had understated just how much the impact hurt. Maybe she had never actually been shot herself to know.
The track that I was on, was vehicle width, grass in the middle, hard, dry mud on either side, where tyres had worn the grass until it died. If the hunter who had shot me was not alone, I was a sitting duck. Especially running straight. Time to zig-zag. Which I did. While looking for a pathway, anything, to get off to the side, into the safety of the trees.
Sophie had gone. Which way, I had not seen. How far ahead when she had disappeared, I also had not taken in. I had been far too distracted by that fucking pellet hitting me.
This was, of course, insane. Two naked girls, running wild in woods, in England, being hunted like deer, except we knew that we were being hunted, while deer just graze and only realise if they catch the hunter's scent. These, I also realised were not private woods. Not the way that Sam had said it was. Not part of the estate. Public. Anyone could go there, for peace and quiet, time to think, and walk.
There was an opening on my right. I turned. A path, of sorts. Not a vehicle track. One central, hard mud, curving trail. People walked here, not jeeps or vehicles of any kind. I ran, then slowed, thinking that even if I was now the quarry, being pursued, it would be guile and cunning that would keep me safe, as much as burning thighs, aching lungs and pounding heart.
Dead end. One hundred feet or so into the woods, the trail came to a stop. These trails are supposed to form a mesh in any wood, criss-crossing it, meeting one another, allowing short-cuts here and there, excitement for children running wild, and panic for their parents, when they lost sight of energetic offspring. The paths are not supposed to stop. But this one had just come to nothing, only uncut grass, and ferns, and possibly more nettles in between the trees ahead.
Going back seemed unwise. The wide track that I had been on was open ground. If any of the other hunters had followed Yellow, I would be shot again, too easily. Another thousand down. Going on, to God knows where, seemed not that great a choice. Standing still seemed just as bad, a sitting target, or standing, unless I really did sit down.
I went for something in between the last two choices. I walked on. Taking care to trample down the undergrowth, and crush whatever nettles might be there, high steps, in the knee high undergrowth, instead of dragging my feet through.
Twenty feet further in, I went behind an oak, and stopped, hiding from anyone who followed by standing tight against the trunk. The bark felt rough against my back and butt, but it felt good as well. I guess that tree huggers experience something of the same. A wholesome strength that emanates from within the living tree.
For several beautiful minutes I got my breath back, and with it my thoughts, now settling. Hiding like this was easy. The chance that one of the hunters would find me here were slim. All I had to do was wait it out.
The woods were my friend. My place of safety. I was on the far side of the road, in what I knew was public land, as Sam had said, but it was quiet here, the breeze rustling leaves above me, the sun filtering through, not that I needed its warmth on my body. The ambient summer temperature, and the exercise I had just had in running, were all I needed to keep warm.
Then more rustling. Not leaves blown by a breeze, but something moving, getting close, travelling through ferns. Not footsteps. Movement. An animal. Maybe a bird. But too loud and bulky. I thought of foxes roaming in the woods. At least it could not be a wolf, not in England, but I still did not relish a naked encounter with Brer Fox.
I felt goose bumps emerging. A shiver going through my spine. Not just my spine. My breasts as well. My nipples engorging with a flow of blood. They do not elongate. They swell. My cunt feeling the shiver right to my clit. Feeling so exposed as well. Woods can be friendly. They can be scary places too, with sounds that can make you think of bears or boars. Not that we have bears here either. But tell my brain that.
"Rusty!"
A woman's voice, but not describing aging metal. A golden retriever, but more russet in its coat than gold. Which rustled its way between the trees from just behind me, maybe having smelled my scent, but finding me and snuffling round my legs, and nosing in between my thighs and at my cunt.
It barked. A friendly bark. But still a bark, that could give me away.
I crouched down, to pet it, and hopefully keep it calm. With my knees together, to protect my cunt. Like all dogs, his or her nose would be wet and cold. I love dogs. My father had bred German shepherds. This dog was beautiful. Dark eyes, long coat, so good to stroke and run my fingers through. It loved me too. Tail wagging, trying to climb all over me. Just friendly, playful, frisky, spirited, or that was what I thought.
"Rusty, you naughty dog..., leave her alone!"
She was just ten feet in front of me. Sixties, grey hair cut like the Queen's had been, before she died, plaid skirt, strong walking boots, and windcheater top.
Rusty kept on jumping, while I was balanced on my toes, and not too stable, and also feeling very naked, now that someone, clearly not participating in the game, was standing right up close. Not travelling at speed, behind a windscreen, but there in person, looking straight and sternly at the disgusting, naked girl.
My brain was whirring, trying to work out how I had failed to notice the path that she was on, cursing myself, but forgiving myself as well, since the footpaths here were narrow, the undergrowth dense, and even when you are quite close to them, side on, they would be difficult to see.
I lost my balance. Knocked sideways. Thirty canine kilogrammes of weight displacing my own fifty-five. Dogs moved fast. Even thirty kilo dogs. I was still on my side, in ferns and grass, scrabbling to get up, when I felt the cold of Rusty's nose prodding from behind, my butt and cunt.
"No, Rusty!," the woman was calling. "Oh no! Oh no!"
I managed to sit up, then thought that standing might be good, to face her, unafraid. I turned onto my knees, hands on the grass in front of me, intending to straighten up and get to my feet that way. A serious mistake.
Rusty jumped. While I was on my hands and knees. Dogs do doggy, all the time, not just to get a change from face to face. His body weight landing on my butt and back. Forelegs on either side of me. Rear still on the ground. Something prodding at my thigh. His cock. Out of its sheath and wet, all too ready, primed, and seeking somewhere warm and slick, where it could slide inside and thrust and spurt and impregnate, to spawn a Rusty litter with the convenient bitch he had just found.
I knew, from watching when my father had arranged for his female German shepherd to be taken by a male, that once inside, they knotted. The dog's cock, my father has explained, would swell, and lock inside the bitch's vagina, so that until it came, and its cock reduced in size again, they were literally locked together.
I felt it touch my cunt, prod at my labia.
"Rusty, no!" I heard again.
No dog, however well trained by its owner, will be obedient all the time. They will still chase rabbits. Or fuck a bitch in heat. I have even known some of the smaller breeds who will hump a cushion, or will rub themselves against your leg. I guess you have to forgive a dog for following its instincts, as the Rusty dog was doing. My cunt was there, and it was about to do the deed.
I dropped. Women have instincts. Self preservation. My cunt is not available for any rampant mammal with a cock. I took my arms away and let my body fall, my cunt no longer right where Rusty wanted it. Had my assailant been a man, he could have still dropped down on me and found a way to fuck me, but my new four-legged would-be fuck-mate could not get down that low.
Walking boots make short work of ferns and grass, and do not risk the wearer getting nettle stings. Rusty's owner grabbed him by the collar, clipping on his leash, and then pulling him franticly away. For someone in her sixties, she seemed suddenly quite strong. Panic does that. Adrenaline. Terror of the unthinkable.
"I am so sorry!" she began. "But..., but..., what are you doing..., I mean..., you can't just..., what are you thinking...?"
She ran out of things to say. Her mouth continued to open and close, as if she was saying something more, but she was speechless. Rusty was still straining at the leash. If dogs can look confused, he did. Clearly wondering what he had done wrong, six inches of brilliant pink-red cock between his hind legs, narrower where it emerged than most men's but bulging towards the business end. It almost made me wish that men had cocks designed to bulge and lock inside a cunt, the way he did.
Whilst that thought flashed through my brain, I was also feeling so exposed, and mortified, and my breasts were suddenly stinging me like fire, and that sent alarm bells ringing, and I remembered that there had been nettles, and got up on my hands and knees again, and saw the so easily recognisable leaves, a clump of them, crushed where I had been lying, their serrated edges full of poison, and my breasts beginning to show the tiny bumps of pink where I had indeed been stung.
It was a weird kind of pain. Yes, it was stinging, but my nipples had been stung as well, and there was something strangely pleasurable about the way they felt. I would have liked that feeling at my cunt. Unbearable, but bizarrely exquisite too. My clit, as well. Nettles as an erotic fetish, stinging those most sensitive of nerve endings, packed into the little nub of flesh, raw and burning, yet so tempting. Something to explore another time, when I was not being stared at by an irate woman with her still so very rampant dog.
I was still scrambling to my feet when she gave me both barrels, finding her voice again, letting loose her parting shot.
"You just disgust me!" she exclaimed. "You should be ashamed! You can't blame my dog! You brought it all upon yourself, going around like that! I really don't know what you young girls are coming to!"
Neither, I thought, did I.
I said nothing. She turned and went back to the still invisible path she had been on, Rusty following reluctantly. As far as he was concerned, any bitch would do.
Right then, I was shaken by what had just happened. More so, than by being hit with the paint pellet. Being naked in woods like this suddenly had risks that I had never even dreamed of. Not that I had much choice. I was going to be staying naked, as I was, until the klaxon that would end the game.
I checked my watch. Just twenty minutes gone. So much can happen in so short a time.
I wondered about Sophie, where she was, how far she had run, whether she was keeping on the move, or hiding. Whether she, like me, had been hit already. Then I thought about the hunters. Stalking. Carrying their guns. Scanning as they walked, peering through the trees for pure white, naked flesh, or black.
Sam had been in army style fatigues. Green and brown camo. The hunters, I guessed, might be wearing something the same. I wondered what kind of strategy they would use, to try to find us. I was not that far into these woods, but I had no idea how far they went on. You could prowl around for hours here and still see no one. No naked quarry.
Unless they worked together, as a team, and spread out, covering more ground. Both Sophie and I had been seen running down the wide track. Whether Yellow, having hit myself at least, had noticed where we each branched off, or would tell the others, I could only guess. Best to assume the worst, I thought. The other three could be uncomfortably close.
I took the risk. Walked gingerly the ten feet to the narrow trail that Rusty and his owner had been on. Checked both directions. Nothing. Rusty and her majesty had gone left. I jogged right. The trail curved one way, then the other. More people. A man and a woman, and another dog. A black alsation.
Dog walker's paradise. Streaker's paradise too. I ran on towards them. They saw me coming, stared for a moment, taking in the naked girl, then stepped sideways, leaving the trail free. The dog ignored me, more interested in rabbit tracks than a mere human. Maybe the alsation was in fact a bitch, not interested in passing cunts, like mine. I id not stop to look. Instead I jogged on past. The couple, still in their thirties watched me pass. Her mouth open, his eyes wide, while I was running on.
A crossroads. Cross-tracks. The same narrow paths meeting in one place. Straight on, or left, or right? Right should be back towards the road. Left would be safer. I turned left. Continued jogging. Rounded yet more curves. Two minutes jogging, further on, someone ahead of me. Army fatigues. Green camo. Carrying a gun.
Fuck!
I stopped. Ducked back, just far enough to see him still, but not be seen, or so I hoped. One way, I thought, not to be tracked, might be to track the tracker. The last thing that a hunter would expect, would be for his quarry to be right behind.
Unless he turned, and saw me following.
I bottled it. Too risky. I turned around and started back. I should have gone straight on at the junction of the paths instead of turning left. I still could, as soon as I got back there. Except another hunter was already there. Side on to me. Looking down the path that I had planned to take.
I ducked back again. Just out of sight. I waited. Ready to run, if I saw any sign of him approaching. Which, inevitably, I did. Even with his camo, I could see him moving, looking through the trees. Coming my way, on my track.
My white skin would stand out even more than his camo, if he looked in my direction, so I had no choice except to move. Except I now knew that I was caught between two hunters. Move too quickly, and I would just run right into the first hunter I had seen, so once I thought I might be getting close to him, I slowed.
Good move. Another careful twenty yards or so, and he was there, although he still had his back to me. Looking around. No longer looking through trees. Where he was standing, there were no more trees. Just open land.
I knew that the last place that he was likely to look was back down the path that he had just come. I also knew that somewhere not too far behind me, the second hunter would be following, closing what was not that great a gap.
I had been looking left and right. Desperate for another route. But nothing. My breasts were still irritating me from lying on that clump of nettles, so I was not keen to head into the trees, and risk whatever would be growing in the ferns and grass and worse.
Also, the nature of the undergrowth had changed. In autumn this would be a blackberry picker's paradise. Right then, the berries were still small, and tight, and red, but the ground was covered with long strands of thorny brambles that would rip bare skin, and my skin was extremely bare.
I was not entirely sure if what I thought of doing was within the rules, but right then it seemed the only option left. I ran. Not jogged. I sprinted. Straight down last few yards of narrow track, out of the trees, into the open land, to where the first hunter I had seen, was standing, still uncertain which, if any, way to go.
He heard me, but by then I had closed the distance between us to mere yards. He turned. He was carrying his paint gun in one hand, a serious looking rifle with a metal shoulder stock and a magazine to reload the pellets automatically each time it was fired. The same kind Sam had let me try that morning.
The guy was carrying it midway along its length, a casual, relaxed way to hold a gun, not with his finger on the trigger, primed to fire. I had planned to hit it, if I could, to jerk it, spoil his chance to aim and fire, and run into the open land ahead and zig and zag while looking for more trees, or somewhere else to hide.
Instead, last minute thinking, or sheer instinct, I grabbed instead. The barrel. He had no real hold on it, and was completely taken by surprise. He lost his grip. I had it, swinging from my hand, but the unexpected weight of it swung it against my leg. It hurt. Not agonising, but enough to make me drop it. Meanwhile my momentum had me well past the guy, and so I did what I had started out to do. I ran.
No need to zig or zag quite yet. He had to get to where I had dropped the gun, then pick it up, then aim, before he fired. Ten seconds. Maybe twenty. A sprinter can make a hundred metres in just ten. I had already sprinted thirty before I had grabbed the gun, but still I covered a good bit of ground before I had to slow, heart pounding, thighs screaming, back to my ten kilometre pace, long paces, rhythm steady, but still uncertain where to go.
I heard him fire. Expected to feel the stinging pain that I had felt the first time. Nothing. He had to have missed. Not a trained assassin. An amateur. But I started evasive action, side to side, diagonally, instead of straight. Then realised what I was zig-zagging towards. A car park, not tarmac, one of those informal places, dry earth, where you could drive into, to stop and take a walk. Quite full of cars. Upwards of ten that I could see. Beyond the car park, another road, spasmodic traffic.
He fired again. I flinched. No pain again. Another miss. I got there, to the cars, and ran behind one, stopping, catching my breath, and ducking down below its roof height. I pictured all those television shows, with shoot outs, people firing from behind crashed cars. Except I had no gun. This was a one-sided shoot out, and even just a nick would be a kill shot, another thousand of the prize money, done and gone.
"Are you okay? What's going on?" from just behind me.
A man, in jeans, checked shirt and walking boots, a mass of wild, grey hair and straggly beard. Walking towards me, looking seriously concerned. A plastic cup of something steaming in his hand. Further behind him, more than a dozen others, men and women, also holding plastic cups.
Saturday. A weekend ramblers' group. Just back from walking. Having tea or coffee from the flasks that they had brought, and their weekly chat, before they all went home.
I never felt so naked. I was still crouched down, side on to the rear of the car I was behind, side on to the concerned, elderly citizen doing his duty in checking if the naked girl in plastic goggles, who had just run into the car park, was in need of any help.
"It's fine," I said. "It's just..."
I stopped. I could not think of a way to explain to him that this was all a game. That although I was being hunted, I had actually volunteered for this, and no one had taken my clothes, or was after me for any other reason than to shoot me with a pellet that had paint that would prove I had been hit. Not an easy explanation to give, while crouching down for safety, to persuade him there was no need for his concern.
"Is everything alright, Peter?"
A woman from the group, joining the man.
"Oh my goodness? Is she naked? What on earth...?", she added.
I stood up where I was and turned to them, thinking what I could say to reassure them. Meanwhile several more were coming over. All of an age. All with their steaming drinks in hand. I could have done with a strong coffee right then, but it was not the time to ask.
Of course, standing, facing them, meant being even more exposed. Crouching down, my legs were tight together, and this Peter guy had seen me only from the side. Standing, arms by my sides, meant they could see my breasts, and even more embarrassing, my cunt, with my protruding labial lips.
Yet, the aspect of my nakedness that I really felt most keenly was not my cherry nipple stubs, nor the prominence of my labia, protruding from my cunt. It was the crop of swellings on my breasts, the nettle stings, still there, and obvious, impairing the otherwise pure white complexion I would have shown.
"I'm fine," I said again. "It's just a kind of game. It's all okay."
"Honestly," the woman said. "What gives you the right...? I mean..., it's just indecent...! That's what it is..., indecent!"
By then there were six of them, ramblers all, staring at me, as if I was the most disgusting thing that they had ever seen. Worse than dog excrement left, uncollected by the owner.
"I'm going to call the police," one woman said, as she was getting out her mobile phone.
One of the men already had his mobile out, but was not calling anyone. He had started to take photographs with his.
There is a joke. You are lying naked on a beach, reading a magazine, when you see friends from church approaching, fully dressed. They have not seen you yet, so you have time to decide. Which part of your body do you hide.
Most people say, their genitals, especially men. Most people get it wrong. You hide your face. Lie with the magazine covering your head. Let them see the rest of you. They will have no idea who it is.
As soon as I saw the mobile being used to take some pictures, I put my hands to my face. Upload my naked body on your Facebook page. I do not care. I just would not want to be recognised, not by my family, nor any of my more uptight friends.
A hand took hold of my arm. Strong grip. Almost hurting me.
"I've got her," the man who had just taken me by my upper arm said to the others.
"Well done, Eric," the woman said, who had been making the call.
At least the man holding my arm was now in front of me, spoiling any more photographs taken by the other man.
"Think you can flash your tits and cunt anywhere you want to, do you?" he said.
Technically it was a question. He was asking. But it did not deserve an answer. Besides, he was taking every opportunity to get up close and voyeuristic with my breasts and cunt. Even at his age, I could tell that he liked what he saw.
Then I heard another shot, and remembered that my head and shoulders could be seen above the car roof. Again, I flinched. No need. I was unhurt. But the guy they had called Eric swore, and touched his chest. Red ink on his checked shirt. Collateral damage. Caught in the cross-fire. But it gave me a moment while Peter was figuring out if that really was his blood.
"Have you been shot?" one of the women.
I ducked, under Eric's arm, then ran. Past the backs of several other cars. Thank you Red, for missing, and for hitting the bystander, who had, in effect, been making his citizen's arrest. Bye, ramblers! Bye, you old farts! You have just seen a girl, stark naked in the countryside, and now you really have got something to talk about over your hot drinks.
I was out of the car park, back on the grass, running parallel to the road. I checked behind me to the left. The hunter in his camo gear was coming. Not fast, but following. A hunter's trot, a crouching run, which will never catch another sprint.
Ahead was just more open space, more grass. Too exposed, although I had now found that I quite liked exposure. But not the kind that got you hit. Or arrested by an uptight citizen. Or fucked by an all too friendly dog.
The woods seemed safer. Not back where I had been. The second hunter I had seen would soon come out on the same track and then there would be two of them, both after me. There had to be a limit to the number of poorly aimed shots a hunter can fire off, before probability theory says that one will hit you as you run and you are dead.
Red fired again. I heard the shot. He missed this time as well. Tough call, to run, then stop, take aim and fire, to hit a moving target. This was actually fun. Even being naked. Even being seen. And stared at, and spoken to like I was filth. Sticks and stones can break my bones, but words can never hurt me.
Paint pellets can. They can hurt me. So I kept running, heading for the trees, then running along the edge of the woods until I found another path that went into the woods themselves, where I turned in. I slowed again. I jogged instead of sprinting. Neither Red nor the other hunter could see me now.
A hundred yards in, there was another crossroads. Tracks met. Five ways to go this time, including the way I had just come. I hesitated. Then I saw her. Sophie. Walking, not running, coming down one of the tracks towards where I was, seemingly relaxed, head high, her full breasts swaying with each stride.
She grinned.
"Hi, how's it going?" she said, as she got close. "Been hit yet?"
"Once," I said. "I saw you at the road, and followed. Got one hit while I was running, on my back. Yellow."
I turned, showing her my shoulder-blade.
"Same," she said. "He got me just before I crossed the road."
She turned and showed me. A bullet mark of yellow paint, staining her black butt. It would have made a good sized target. It would also have hurt a little less, the impact deadened by the generosity of her subcutaneous fat
"Did you hear shooting?" she asked me. "Just now?"
I pointed down a track. Not the one that I had run down. One in between the one that she had used and mine.
"Red saw me. Missed a couple of times. He can't run that fast, but he'll be here soon. I thought maybe go this way..."
I pointed, back the way I had just come. Then added.
"If you go first, I'll watch the rear."
"Okay," she said.
She headed down the track that I had indicated. The one I had just come down, from the open land, escaping Red. I followed her. I had to, since otherwise she would have wondered what was going on. She half walked, half ran, her black butt swaying, the yellow bullet splatter brilliant in the dappled light, thighs and calves working, torso held straight, breasts bouncing, as they would. I kept ten feet behind her, waiting for the inevitable. Red would have followed me back into the woods, and would be coming down this path.
"Fuck!" Sophie exclaimed with a throaty, whispered kind of shout. "A hunter!"
She stopped. She turned. I stopped as well. She waited for me to move, to head back, to get away. Instead I stood there, the path too narrow for her to get past easily.
"What the fuck!" she almost shouted, but kept it low in case he heard. "We need to move!"
I could see the camo on his fatigues, Red, coming down the path, as I knew he would. He shouldered his paint gun, aiming at the two of us.
"All's fair," I said, keeping my body behind Sophie's.
In love and war, I meant.
"Fuck!" she swore, this time not whispering.
Reached for her butt. The other side. Brought her hand around to look at what it had just touched there. Red paint. Just as I had planned. It would suit her. Balance out the yellow on the other side. Both butt cheeks now with bullet splatter, one of them even the colour of blood. Time for me to go, before Red got off another shot, and aimed for me. I ran.
Neat, I thought, as I sprinted back to the five-point cross. I had led her to the slaughter like a lamb. Or should that be like a black sheep. Then blocked her way on purpose, to give red the time to shoot. Bull's eye. Black sheep's butt. Whatever. It had worked exactly as I planned.
At the five-point cross, this time I headed right. Away from Red. Away from the other hunter too, assuming he had stayed in the woods and might now be coming this way. A jogging run. Fast enough to gain ground and lose the hunter who had just claimed his scalp, or rather, his black butt, and who would soon come after my white butt so that he had scored a pair.
I checked my watch again, while running. Seventy minutes into the game. Fifty left. I had been hit just once so far. Sophie twice, the second time because I sent her right to Red himself. The hits still counted. Right at that moment, I was winning, with one hit fewer. My one hit might have lost me a thousand pounds, but I still had four thousand in my hand, if I could just keep clear of any of the three hunters who still were stalking me.
A fork in the path, and I chose left, then realised that between the five-point cross and the fork, I had lost my sense of direction. But I kept running, until I reached the stream, with open land the other side. It was not where I had expected to be, assuming that this was the same stream with the hump-backed bridge that I had crossed an hour ago. My choice was now to cross the stream and risk the open space, or turn around, go back into the woods, and hope that Red, or else the other hunter, would not be coming at me.
No hump backed bridge here. Just six foot's width of water, and a field. I still did not like the idea of getting my shoes wet, so, without a bridge to use, I took them off. Then paddled. No more than ankle deep, but soft beneath my feet. Like mud, my feet sinking into it. The stuff oozing between my toes. So gross. And slippery. Dead leaves decaying. Too fucking slippery, I thought, as one foot slid off to one side, and I went down.
Shit!
The summer's day was warm, for England, but the stream was seriously cold, and I was lying in it, on my side. My butt had taken the brunt of the fall, although the muddy, leafy bottom of the stream had at least served to soften the impact just a bit.
That had hurt. My ego, more than my body. And my shoes. I should have just kept them on. I had been holding them in the hand that had gone down first as I had fallen, and they were soaked.
No time to hang around, or feel sorry for myself. I scrambled up, and gingerly paddled over to the other side. I could have put my gym shoes on again, but that would take more time, and the thought of my feet in the wet rubber made me squirm.
Besides, the grass felt good beneath my feet. And it felt kind of nice, being even more naked than I had been while wearing them. I even thought to take the goggles off, but a pellet in the eye would not be fun.
I started jogging, working out the geography. Fence, stream, road, bridge, cross the road, woods, out to open land, car park, another road, back into the woods, more or less straight on, the stream again, crossed it, which meant, I figured, that somewhere to my left would be the road I had first reached when running from the manor house across the lawn, and following the three-bar fence.
Not quite full circle. Three sides of a square. Now I was jogging in a field, a large one, with hay bales, six stacks of them, each stack three or four bales high, and maybe two or three bales wide.
It brought back memories. Picnics in fields as a kid with my Mum and Dad and my two brothers. Climbing the bales. Jumping from one level to the one below. Parachute dropping, bent legs and rolling sideways. Competing with male genes. Proving that I was every bit as good as them. Using the rope the bales were tied with to pull myself up, reaching the top, and lying flat, soaking in the sun.
Which gave me inspiration.
I tucked my gym shoes in between two bales. They would not get dry like that, but holding them while I climbed would make the climbing difficult, and leaving them on the ground, in sunlight, would give my hiding place away.
The first bale was chest high. I grabbed at the rope tied round the one above it, pulled myself up, digging my feet between the bales, then reaching higher, to the third bale's rope, pulling again, feet on the second bale now, straw digging into my soles, reaching up to the fourth and final bale, pulling, scrabbling again with my feet, missing, hanging from the rope, my breasts scratched by the straw, my thighs too, more scrabbling with my feet, finding the foothold between the third and fourth bales, using it to lift myself, reaching over that last bale's top, finding another rope there, pulling, grazing my breasts even more, my nipples feeling the straw pricks more than the rest, but finally on top, sitting first, then lying flat, dead centre, on my back, legs wide, arms wide, a star beneath the sun.
Perfect! No one could see me up there. Not even from a distance. The stack was wide enough that, as long as I stayed dead centre, dead flat, I would be safe. Brilliant thinking on my part!
Which gave me time to gather my thoughts. To reconnect with myself. No more need to keep alert, and moving. Time to get in touch with all the feelings that the hunt had brought out in me, and feel the excitement, and the warm caress of sun on my bare skin, and the pleasure-pain of nipples dragged against cut straw, and the more gentle, pleasurable feeling that all of this had kindled in between my legs.
Even the sharp straw against my back and butt was a turn on.
And I had time.
And opportunity.
And I could take off those so annoying goggles. Which I did, thinking again of what those ramblers would have thought of me, like a lost, would-be skinny-dipping swimmer looking for a lake.
I use my left hand, for most things, holding a pen, cutting with a knife, playing tennis, masturbating. My middle finger mainly. It found its way between the folds of labia, just the tip at first, delving deliciously inside, with the pad nearest to my palm caressing my wonderfully sensitive clit.
It felt so good!
I was wet. Inside and out. Still wet from my fall back at the stream. Exuding lubricating wetness in my cunt. Cock ready wetness, even if there was no cock to satisfy it. Just my hand. My fingers. My finger-tips now wet with that delightful, wetness from my cunt.
I might have simply carried on, but that was when I saw the slender stem, the leaves, variegated, where nothing should have grown. Yet it made a kind of sense, that seeds can germinate in straw, and grow, which the nettle clearly had.
I dared myself. I pinched the bottom of the fragile stem. This was not strong, well established, growth. My father had explained that if you grasp a nettle firmly, instead of stinging, the tiny hairs that serve as needles to protect it, break, before they pierce the skin. I broke the stem right at the base, and dared myself again.
I used my other hand, two fingers, opening my labia, holding them apart. Then crushed the nettle right between them, closing them against it, massaging them against the leaves. You do not feel the sting at first. Which gave me time to rub the leaves against my clit as well, swollen as it was, and out from hiding underneath its hood.
It felt incredible, that self-inflicted, stinging pain, burning first my labia, then the several thousand clitoral nerve endings that are so dense beneath its tender skin. Unbearably exquisite. Torture of a very special kind. Making me squirm. A delicious private moment, basking in the sun.
Then two fingers. The middle and the ring. All the way inside, until my palm stops them from going deeper. At most three inches, and my hand and fingers are quite slender. Not the seven glorious inches of my husband's cock that I prefer. But I ease my fingers in and out, to an internal rhythm, making sure I graze my tortured clit each time I slide them back inside.
My butt tautens in response to the cunt-teasing I am doing. The same way it does when he is on top and fucking me. Wanting more of him, so pushing up. I play with my clit. Both finger tips. It is throbbing from the nettle I have rubbed against it, but it loves to be abused. Still my middle and ring fingers, srumming on the nub of burning flesh. While my right hand goes to my breast, and finger-thumbs my nipple stub.
Pleasure-pain is such a turn on. John taught me that. Bending me across his knees, using his hand to turn my buttocks red. Then fingering me. Alternating more buttock burning slaps and smacks with probing of my cunt. Pain, pleasure, pain again, more pleasure, until I come so strongly that I gasp and scream.
Then there is nipple teasing pleasure-pain. Squeeze the stub and twist it, til it hurts, and that alone, inflicted while I am fingering my own cunt, or by my husband fucking me, his cock inside me, that squeezing and twisting torture will inevitably make me come. On a hay-stack, in a field, on a summer's day, the self inflicted-nettle stings, together with the straw ends pricking at my back and butt, inexorably bring me to the point of no return.
Three fingers. Middle, ring and index. Side by side, so that they stretch me, but it feels divine. I can even tuck the little finger underneath the ring, my index similarly tucked below my middle finger, four together, stretching my cunt that fraction more. I draw my feet towards my butt, flat on the straw, knees bent, and do the butt tautening so that my butt is lifted off the bale that I am lying on, just feet and shoulders now, and four delightful fingers in my cunt.
A cock would thrust incessantly. Not easy with a hand, but I can still slide those fingers in and out and in and out and fuck myself to tortured heaven, and squeeze that nipple stub, and once the four of them have stretched my cunt enough, my hand can follow, palm deep, right to the thumb, and I can play with the inner surfaces, finger-tip myself so deep inside, with my thumb-pad playing on my clit.
So, yes, I came.
A delicious, orgasmic release of all the tension and excitement of the day, the running naked, being shot, the dog that loved me, and would have fucked me given half the chance, the grabbing at Red's gun, the ramblers, being held by one of them, the black girl, setting her up so that she got shot a second time, which meant that I would win this thing, and get four thousand, and my entire body is one incredible vibrator that all of this has just switched on.
I am a screamer. I am the girl that you will hear in the next hotel room. You will know when I have been fucked to orgasm, because I scream so loud. Out in the open, in a field, my screams would travel. I cannot risk that. Instead I have to swallow that instinctive urge. I clamp my lips together. Just as John clamps one hand across my mouth, when we have guests, or stay with friends, to mute me. I mute myself instead.
But I am a volcano. An earthquake. A tsunami. An avalanche. No, an avalanche is cold and made of snow and I am hot from running, and from climbing up, and from sun, and from my own hand that is so deep within my cunt. I am a hot, shuddering, silently gasping, orgasmic, extension of my cunt and clit and nipple stub, and I feels so amazing.
I am delirious with it. Almost blanking out. My mind has gone. My body follows, collapsing back down onto the straw that I am on. The shuddering, gasping orgasm slowly comes to its natural end, with my hand still in my cunt, and I begin to breathe normally again, and come back to reality, the hunt, that is still on.
I wear my watch on my right wrist, which puzzled Sam, but when you are left handed, that works best. I check it. Nine minutes left. Nine minutes longer, to just lie, and chill, and enjoy the sun, and I have almost won.
I had to look, of course. I was too pleased with myself to just lie there with my fingers deep inside myself. I removed my hand. Rolled to one side. Peered over the edge. And saw them.
Three of them. One coming from the woods. Red, maybe. One coming from where I thought the road would be. Blue or Green. The third coming diagonally across the field, between the other two. Green or Blue. All three of them. As if they knew exactly where I was.
Eight minutes. Not looking at my watch this time. There is a part of my brain that can also tell the time, that can count down seconds.
Fuck!
They had to know exactly where I was. I might have muted my orgasm, but I had raised by knees, and then my body, arching upwards, bringing it into view. They were coming very directly. One might have seen me first, then called the others. Mobile phones. Quarry spotted. The white bitch, in the field, at ten o'clock. The direction, not the time.
It would take them no more than a minute to reach the stack of bales that I was lying on. Another minute for one of them, at least, to climb it. Another hunter could throw up a gun. Bang, bang. I would be dead. Or dead to the prize, if all four shot me, or just one of them, using each of the other's guns.
I squirmed to the far side of the bale stack, bits of straw scratching me as I went. I slid over the edge, holding a rope to stop myself from falling all the way, four bales' height, to the ground. Had I just dropped, it would have hurt. The straw scratched my breasts again. I lowered myself, using the next rope to hold on, arms stretched, taking my entire weight. Pushed off with my feet, away from the bales, and let go with my hands.
Parachute fall. Legs bent, drop, twist to one side, and roll. Get up and run. All I had to do was avoid getting shot for seven more minutes.
You can cross an average field in a minute, when you are sprinting for your life. Which I did. Zig-zagging, although no shots were fired. I would have heard. I ran diagonally, to the far corner of the field. Taking in where I was heading to, and where I might have to run to next.
The two sides of the field that formed the corner I was heading towards were both fenced. Both in wood, with three bars between each post, like the one on the road, right at the start of the hunt, that I had clambered through. Except the one to my right changed from wood to metal at one point, a hundred feet or so of dull steel tube, six or seven bars instead of only three.
There was a house as well, beyond the metal fence, set back from it, all on its own. Something smelled unpleasantly, but I ignored the pong. My best bet seemed to be the fence on the left, clamber through that, another field beyond. Keep running, zig-zag even more, and hope that I could last another seven minutes longer, without one of the hunters marking me with paint.
Then, as I got close, I saw the wire. Wrapped round the bars. Not just around them, but in between as well. Barbed wire. I could see the knots in it, the barbs. The kind that tears your clothes. The kind that rips your skin. That makes you bleed. That would draw lines of blood along your leg or body, if you scraped yourself along it, climbing through. Not that there were gaps in it, large enough to get through.
Maybe, if I was wearing shoes, and had some padded clothing that I could strip off and put onto the top bar, so as to cover any barbs, I could have climbed it. But I was running barefoot, naked, and with one leg over the top bar, I risked the most important part of my anatomy being dragged across a barb. Should I ever was a piercing there, I would use a piercing studio, not a farmer's fence.
The metal fence had no barbed wire, nor wire of any kind. With five or six bars between the posts, I could scramble through, but the gaps between the bars were wide enough for feet to climb them. So I ran to it instead, and then I saw the other side.
I should have known. The stench had wafted towards me. Now I knew the reason why. Mud. Not hard, compacted earth, like the centres of the tracks and paths through the woods, or like the surface of the car park. Real mud. The squelchy kind. Wet and black, and churned up by multiple trotters strolling casually around.
Fucking pigs.
Not police. These were the kind of pigs that go that abattoirs and come out at the other end as bacon, sausages, ribs and chops. The kind that eat pig-swill, and digest it, and defecate, and urinate, in the open air enclosure where they are kept. The kind that make that stench. The kind that are pink and fat and short-haired, but are also encased with mud, some dry, some wet. Twenty or more of the disgusting things. Three of them looking straight back at me, wondering who I was, and what I was about to do.
Horrible, ugly things, with those rings through their noses. Like some girls I know. Although why they do it there, I do not understand. Ears, I get. Nipples can be daring. Clit or labia, extremely sexy, but I do not like a needle going through my skin, not even at the dentist, so I do not wear that kind of ring, not anywhere. But through your septum, so that it dangles down like snot? Thank you, but no.
Too late to turn back. The hunters would be closing in. Perhaps no longer coming for me, but taking aim. No time, even, to turn around to see. I had no choice. I had to go for it. Four thousand pounds depended on my surviving just six minutes more, and if I had to get my feet all wet and muddy, then that was what I had to do.
The enclosure was twenty feet or so across. Not far. I had to do it. No choice. I put one foot between the second and third bars of the enclosure's iron fence. Barefoot. The steel so slippery and cold. Held onto the top bar. Lifted my body, threw one leg over, sat a moment, the hard steel of the top bar pressed against my cunt. A sitting target.
I twisted round to get a foothold on the other side. Not that a bare foot holds that well on smooth steel. But I managed somehow, drawing my other leg over the top bar and down onto the ground. It squelched, sinking into the mud so that the top of my foot was covering with the black-brown slime. I brought my other foot down. Both feet in the mud. I let go of the top bar. Nothing now to keep me steady. Turning, facing my fate, the mud to cross, the pigs themselves to go between.
Sows. I could tell that by the multiple teats, caked in mud. An image of piglets sucking flashed in my brain. No difference really, not in principle, between sows and human females. Just that they have multiple teats to deal with litters, while we have only two. Both born to breed and wean their offspring, as I would do sometime. Panic or just my weird imagination, I though how it might feel to have those piglets sucking on my teats.
I had a choice to make. Straight across meant going through the group of pigs. Going round them, would be twice as far. In this mud, it could be slow going either way, and I needed to get clear of the enclosure and find a place to hide before a hunter reached the enclosure, aimed his gun, and I got shot. This mud was not the place that anyone would choose to die.
I had to go straight across. Take my chances with the sows.
Except I skidded straight away. Not like the stream. Not sideways into water. Forwards. Flat into the mud. Using my arms to stop myself from going all the way, I saved my face. Fuck, it was cold. And disgusting. I thought again about the fact that all these pigs would eat whatever from their trough, and then would do their business where they stood, and churn it into the mud that I was caked in, which made me gag. The stench was foul, and now it was all over me.
No time to throw up. No time to get up either. No point. I would just fall again. Better just to do as pigs do, and stay down on all fours, and work my way across on hands and knees. Even that was hard. Even on your hands and knees, you can skid and slip and slide and drop down into the mud all over again, and then again.
It felt disgusting too. My whole body was caked in it, legs, cunt, stomach, breasts, and fore-arms. But I kept going. I had no choice. Slithering and sliding between the fattest, grossest pigs that I had ever seen. Who, instead of staying still, or moving sideways, to give me room to pass, decided to move around, closing the gaps between them, so that I had to squeeze through, touching them on either side.
At least these pigs were sows. No danger, here, of being mounted. Not like that dog. My cunt was safe. Caked in wet mud, pig urine and their faeces, but safe from penetration. Like me, these pigs were caked in mud, their undersides. Their teats, instead of being clean and pink, were dirty brown, the same as mine. My breasts I mean. At least there were no piglets there, to try to feed.
I made it, though. The same style of metal bars were on the other side of the enclosure, and I used the bars to get back on my feet, and climbed them, just as I had before, except this time I was caked in mud, and felt disgusting. I stepped down from the bars onto a cobbled driveway, between the enclosure and the side wall of the house, all pebble-dashed and grey, wondering why anyone would put a stinking pig enclosure right beside where they would live.
I had to keep moving. Three minutes, maybe, left. Going right would take me back towards Red. Left was outhouses, and that was where I ran. I could hide somewhere. I would win this thing. I had to, now. You cannot swim through pig muck just to lose.
Time slowed, so that I could almost count the seconds. Each door I tried was locked, and although there was a kind of square shaped yard at the back of the house, it was enclosed, outhouses on two sides, a high wall at the end. Nowhere else to go. No way out. Just trapped. All I could do was stand at the wall, and wait, and hope that the seconds would count down all the way to zero, before the hunters showed.
The house had windows facing me. And a rear door, which opened. He seemed like he was in his sixties. Everyone who had seen me was in their sixties, or older still, as I guessed the ramblers were. Thick, baggy, grey trousers worn over a grey tee-shirt, that was actually tucked in, covering an expansive waist, and with a rope instead of a belt, tied at the front, and once black, wellington boots that were as caked in mud as my legs, my belly and my breasts.
He did not say anything. Just looked.
I looked back at him, still counting down the seconds, hoping that my estimate was right. Barely two minutes still to go. I stood there, covered from chin to toe is that repulsive pig muck, smelling myself, while getting back my breath.
He just walked to the hose that, until he picked it up, I had not even noticed had been there. Black rubber, steel nozzle, more rust than metal. Steel handle of some kind fixed to the nozzle. He aimed the hose at me. Turned the handle. A jet of water shot at me, and backed me to the wall. Cold. Freezing, fucking cold. And forceful. You could have cleaned a four by four with just that jet alone. But the jet was washing off the muck and mud, thank God.
He turned it off, and I was sparkling clean, in less than thirty freezing seconds.
"Fucking city whore!" he said. "Cunt!"
Then went inside. I was left wondering exactly what he thought I might be doing in his yard, why I had clambered through his pig enclosure, naked as the day that I was born.
One minute. Just sixty seconds, counting down.
They walked in together, army boots resounding on the cobbles, coming directly for me, from between the house and the pig enclosure. Side by side. Only stopping twenty feet from me. Levelling their guns, stocks to their shoulders, barrels pointing straight at me, fingers on triggers. A firing squad. An execution in slow motion. I had been sentenced, and now I would be put to death.
Two thoughts. One, that I had left my goggles on the hay-bales, and I hoped that they would not aim for my face or eyes. The second, that I was not going to turn around, that I would confront my fate like all those facing firing squads before me. That second thought may have been a mistake.
My back had hurt. Yellow had probably fired from a hundred feet or more, not twenty, and although the backs of your body is not as sensitive to pain, the paint pellet hitting just below my shoulder blade had hurt. So my thigh hurt even more. Not that I had much time to grin and bear it, or to register the blue paint, because my left breast hurt so much I yelped in pain, right on the fucking nipple stub, a bull's eye for Green. The third went lower. An inch above my clit. That hurt the most, and made me swear along with cried of pain, but also made me realise just how lucky I had been. One inch lower would have been truly agonising, and no sex for my loving husband for a week.
It seemed like just a second later, the klaxon blared, audible even at this farmhouse, from the manor house where I had started out, to run and hide. Four hits, the last three just in time. Four thousand blown. The last three thousand disappearing into gun-smoke in just seconds, just when I had thought that I could win.
The only question now was Sophie. If she had also been hit four times, that left one thousand, which we would share. Five hundred each. Nice enough, but not the outcome I had hoped for. Not by far.
The guys were nice about it all.
"You okay? That was quite a chase!"
"Sorry, I didn't mean to hit you there. I was trying to avoid your eyes."
"You must be cold, can I...?" offering me his jacket to put on.
I was not going to let myself look like any kind of wimp.
"I'm fine," I said. "I'm good."
While my thigh and breast and pubic mound were all still throbbing with the pain of being shot, close quarters. I must have looked a mess as well, blotched with paint, red, blue and green.
Sam drove a jeep. As did a guy I had not seen before, a second jeep that is. The hunters climbed on board with him. I climbed into Sam's rear seat, behind Sophie, who was already riding beside Sam. I could not see her butt, but her back was bare. No paint. No other hits visible, not from behind at least.
"Tough luck," Sam said. "The last three getting you like that."
Inside, I agreed. That had been tough. All three of them closing in on me like that. One would have been unlucky. All three at once, seemed strange.
Sam reversed all the way down the cobbles, a hundred yards or so, onto a tarmac road, then slipped into first. She had driven this kind of jeep before. Straight line reversing, at a healthy speed, before she turned, still backing, into the road.
"It was shit," I agreed. "And it hurt! My nipple is still throbbing!"
"And did you enjoy it?" Sam asked me. "The game, I mean. Not getting hit."
Thinking about it, I realised that I had enjoyed it, in a masochistic kind of way. It had been fun. Not every aspect of it, but even that pig enclosure crawl, now that I was clean again, I felt good that I had carried on, and done it, instead of giving up, and being shot for cowardice.
"I did, actually," I said.
We were turning onto a busier road now, Sophie and myself still naked, even though the jeep was open. No sides or roof. Just seats and an engine. Being naked, however, by then was normal. The fact that other cars were passing us, their drivers and their passengers seeing us, both naked, was just the way it was.
"Just to confirm that way it went," Sam said. "Sophie got two hits. So I'm afraid she gets a straight three thousand, and this time, you don't even get a consolation prize."
I noticed the way she said, "this time", in that sentence, as if there would be other times.
"It's fine," I said.
No money for our holiday, I thought.
I tapped Sophie on the shoulder.
"Well done," I said. "No hard feelings?"
She turned and grinned.
"No, bitch," she laughed. "No hard feelings. Like you said..., everything is fair..."
"It was war, wasn't it," I laughed.
"It was war, okay," she laughed some more.
It had been genuinely fun, I thought. Just a pity that there was no money to pay for the fortnight in the sun that I had wanted for John and myself.
"There's another game next week," Sam said. "High stakes, though, but if you're interested..."
"Will that be here?" I asked her.
"No," she said. "We change locations. Or we could get complaints. That thing with you and the ramblers could raise some eyebrows. I don't think the old farmer will complain, or the woman with the dog. But we like to use places where the public are likely to be walking, or whatever. It gives it all an extra edge."
"I guess," I said, thinking that she was right about the extra frisson of being naked in a public area, and the risks involved, but also wondering how she knew already everything that had happened during the chase.
"Ten thousand, next event," Sam said. "Not five. Lose two thousand for each hit."
Good money, if I could last the distance, I thought. For just two hours.
"And, because the hunters are being asked to pay double, there's a bonus for them at the end."
"As in?" I asked her.
Sam drove casually, one handed, holding the steering wheel at the bottom.
"As in, they also play for a prize. Two of them won today, Red and Yellow, hitting both of you. They each get their stake back. Had just one of them won, he would have doubled his stake."
"So what's the stake?" I asked.
"They each paid ten thousand up-front," she said. "Half the kitty is the hunters' winnings. The girls get whatever they get. The rest covers our costs, the equipment, and so on."
"Okay," I said.
"So next week it's twenty," she said.
"And we get ten," I confirmed with her.
"Or whatever is left, if you get hit, which you will," Sam said. "The guys who buy in at twenty a time know what they're doing."
"I'd still give it a go," I said. I basically still needed the money.
"And the winning hunter gets to fuck the winning girl," Sam said, "or she doesn't get her winnings."
"So the loser gets off scot-free?" I joked, while taking in what she had just said.
"The other hunters take their turns with her," Sam said. "But she still gets two thousand consolation prize."
"Fuck!" I thought.
That would have been me, today. Except there had been two joint winners, who would have shared the right to fuck Sophie, while the losers, would have fucked me.
I pictured it. The same game. The same chase. Everything the same as today had been, except all the while aiming not to get hit, not just to win the money, but to have to fuck just one guy, instead of three. That would definitely give the game a different edge.
A guaranteed two thousand. That would pay for a really nice trip, Spain or Greece, all inclusive, two weeks of sun. real sun, not like in England. The Med.
But I would have to let the guy who won it, fuck me. Or if I lost, there could be three.
I felt my clit tingling. Anticipation, or the residual sensations from the nettle stings? If I agreed, it would be the first time with another man since meeting John. Not that he had been the first man I had slept with. There had been more than several. Maybe one more, to get the holiday that we deserved, would not be all that bad.
"I'm in," Sophie said to Sam, while I was thinking.
Then she turned around again.
"You are so going to lose!" she said, and grinned.
I had not decided, even if Sophie clearly thought I had. I had said nothing to my husband, about why I would be away today, except to take a walk in the countryside. I could make the same excuse again. But this was different. Right then, I did not know if I would do it.
I said nothing, waiting until we got back to the manor house. Once inside, Sam showed us to a shower room. The paint, she told us, would not wash off with shower gel. We would need to use white spirit, and some shower rags.
I did my front, while Sophie tried to clean her butt. Yellow on one side. Red on the other. But difficult to work on.
"Can you do my shoulder blade," I asked her. "Then I'll help you."
She gave me a look that I could not read, then shrugged, and told me to turn around. It took a few minutes, but finally she told me it was all done.
She turned. I wet my rag from the bottle of white spirit. Her butt, when I started, felt amazingly firm. Beneath a layer of fat, there was some solid muscle. I worked on both cheeks, then between them, conscious that this was getting pretty intimate, and wondering how far I could risk going.
She let me know.
She put both hands flat on the tiled wall, leaning on it, and spread her legs, giving me unfettered access. The paint was gone, but the invitation was there. I used a clean rag, and shower gel, to remove the smell of the white spirit. Her butt, of course, the crack between those hard butt cheeks, then underneath, around her hole, and further, crouching behind her to do her cunt.
"You do know that was a dirty trick you played," she commented, while I continued washing her, dispensing with the rag and using my hand.
"True," I said. "I still lost though. Although I don't get how all the hunters knew exactly where I was, right at the end."
"Your watch," Sophie said.
"What do you mean, my watch?" I asked her.
She turned around. Leaned against the wall again, her back to it, her legs still splayed.
"I'm pretty sure that they have trackers on them. Just like mobile phones can. I got caught like that that first time that I played. This time, I took mine off, and left it, after I'd been shot because of you. I hid nearby, and no one found me. I got it just after the klaxon sounded, so Sam has no idea," she explained.
I was still crouching.
"I'm sorry that I tricked you," I said.
"Bitch!" she grinned. "You know you want to."
I leaned forwards, my hands on her firm thighs. I kissed her first. Just above her slit, my lips feeling the wiriness of her pubic curls. Then moved down and licked, probing with my tongue. Tasting her slit. Wondering if that was what mine tasted like, to John.
My first cunt. To actually lick. Black as the night. Except I used my thumbs to open it and saw the pink inside. The inner walls, the barely there lips of her labia, the protrusion of her clit, emerging from its hood. I licked that. I know how good that feels.
I felt her hands holding my head to her.
"Don't stop," she said. "You owe me."
I did not stop. Not until she shuddered and moaned and gasped as the pent up craving for release washed over her.
She took a moment to recover, a moment when her hands were still holding my head against her crotch, and I was breathing the aroma of her cunt.
"Thanks," she said, eventually. "I needed that."
No reciprocation. She left me to use a clean rag on myself, with shower gel this time, to rinse away the white spirit from my own front and back.
She had dried herself and dressed and left, before I finished, so I dried myself alone. It felt strange to put back on my clothes. Only two hours of nakedness, outside that is, and it already seemed so natural.
Sam had arranged my taxi to the station.
"Decided yet?" she asked.
"Not yet," I said.
I thought about it on the train, while watching English countryside go by. Ten thousand pounds was tempting. But there would be a price to pay, and I would have to pay it with my cunt. Maybe that was just too high a cost. I had promised to be faithful, but if it came from wanting us to spend some quality time together, might that be justified? I just could not decide.
I asked myself how John would feel about it, if I told him all about today, and the way the prize would work if I said that I would play again. Maybe not a good idea. Maybe some things are better left unsaid.
My station was announced. I quickly keyed a text to Sam. Pressed send. Instinctive. Not thought out.
John would be waiting for me with our car.
"Tonight," I thought, "I'll let him fuck me from behind,... and think how it would feel if it were someone else."