It was Preethi who was waiting outside. She is always the talkative mischievous girl. She has been Nisha's friend since middle school. In fact she is the reason Nisha chose the college. They are classmates. Preethi is short and has a curvy body. She has a 36D size boobs. She has a beautiful face.
Seeing Nisha in her petticoat, she commented with a grin, "With that dress, are you expecting someone special. I like the view though."
Nisha was embarrassed and just play punched Preethi's arm.
Nisha replied, "I just came out of the bath. I'll go change, you wait here", and pointed to the couch.
Preethi said, "Don't go change on my account. I know all the things you did recently remember. You might enjoy if you wear this costume longer."
It is true. She has been telling her escapades to her friend. Nisha couldn't keep a secret from her. She needed a confidant as well.
She replied, "My mom might be back any second now. I need to go change."
Preethi said, "I just passed your mom's shop. She asked me to tell you that she will be late. So no worries, enjoy the freedom. Moreover I haven't seen you doing any of the things you said you did. I need proof."
"Fine..." Nisha huffed, "I'll wear this just for a while."
Preethi applauded, "That's a good girl. Now what shall we do?"
They watched some TV. About an hour later, there was a doorbell. Nisha panicked and asked who might that be.
Preethi replied, "That must be the grocery delivery guy. Your mom said that he'll come."
"When were you going to tell me that!" Nisha asked impatiently.
Preethi said, "I told you now didn't I. And don't think about going into your room. You are going to be as you are. I am going to open the door. You go to the backyard. You are going to walk in here like you just finished the bath and on the way to your room."
"I can't do that. I haven't done anything in my home like that. Outside is fine, no one will know me. This is my home. This will backfire. He might tell my parents", she replied.
Preethi was having none of it.
She said, "This is all some unwanted excuse. You know this will look like an accident. You will be the victim here. He will not open his mouth except to his friends of course about how lucky he was to see some girl in your state. You will love that won't you. He is waiting outside. Are you going to do it or not?"
Nisha didn't reply, she just walked to the backyard. Preethi was all smiles, she is going to see her friend's escapades first hand. Ever since her friend started telling her this, she was excited. After each session she would masturbate to her fullness. She enjoyed it. Now this is going to be the next level. Maybe she is a voyeur and likes this scenario. Maybe she also wants to do these kind of things.
Preethi opened the door, it was indeed the delivery guy. She welcomed him in. Preethi wasn't sure her friends will come in. They were in the living room. The delivery guy asked her to check the items on the list before he could leave. Right on queue Nisha walked in the living room.
Everyone looked shocked except Preethi who was grinning widely. Nisha even had splashed some water on her to appear the part of her just finishing her bath. Maybe she splashed too much water on her petticoat as the water made one of her boob slightly visible through it. It was not clear from the distance, but she was going to change that. Nisha started walking fast to her room.
"Stop..." Preethi said, "Where are you going? Check the items on the list."
Nisha passed an angry look towards Preethi, which she didn't acknowledge. Nisha asked Preethi to check the contents.
Preethi just replied, "This is your house. You check. I don't know what to check anyway."
With that Preethi went and sat on the couch for a better view of what was about to happen.
Nisha walked towards the guy with unsure steps. He still has the surprised look on his face which was changing into a grin slowly. He couldn't believe that she was going to be in front of him in her state of dress. She didn't want to look him in the eye.
She lowered her head and looked at the contents delivered. It was kept on the floor. She kneeled down near it which caused the petticoat to rise further. It exposed her thighs a little. She started skimming through the items and cross checked it. She was almost done checking and for moment looked up at the guy. He was intently looking at her thighs without any kind of pretend.
She immediately shouted, "What are you looking at?" and pulled down the petticoat to cover herself out of instinct.
She shouldn't have done that because the knot that was holding her petticoat came undone and her petticoat slipped down below her breasts. Even if it was for just a fraction of a second, he completely saw her boobs naked.
She immediately pulled it up as she got up. She didn't know how far she pulled up. He could see the top of her thighs. He craned his head to see more but couldn't see her pussy. She just ran to her room. Preethi ushered him out the house and went to check on her friend.
In her room, Nisha was conflicted to what just happened. She just flashed a guy her boobs. It wasn't intentional. But she showed him nonetheless. She didn't change into her regular clothes just yet. She was sitting on her bed contemplating when Preethi walked in. She asked if Nisha was ok. She didn't get a reply. She walked in closer to comfort her.
Nisha said, "I don't know how I feel about what happened. I just know I don't want to be pushed into things."
Preethi understood.
Nisha added, "I'll continue to share my stories with you and you can be a part of it some, but I want to be incharge. Hope you understand." Preethi agreed.
Nisha said that she was going to change now. She thought Preethi would take the hint and leave the room for her to change but she stayed put. She didn't want to make her leave. She just stood up and untied her knot in the petticoat and let it drop to the floor.
She didn't try to cover up. She walked to her cupboard to get her dress. This was the first time she stripped completely naked in front of someone.
Preethi's mouth dropped. She complemented her friend's body repeatedly. She told that she looked unbelievably sexy. Her friend's complements made her giggle and feel shy. She quickly dressed and they started watching TV once again. Her mother and brother returned shortly.
Nisha's brother Irfan had a crush on Preethi. Nisha and Preethi used to tease Irfan with that. They wouldn't acknowledge the crush but would tell him teasing words to him. Seeing Preethi in the house, Irfan had a shy grin on his face. He went to his room to freshen up.
Being a weekend, he had gone with his friends to play cricket and sight seeing. When he returned they started talking about college. He talked a lot about his friends than college.
He said that he had called his friends to stay at the neighbor house as it is empty and looking for a tenant. When they talked about girls in college, he fell silent and went to his shy self. Preethi teased a little but left it at that. They had dinner and then Preethi left home.
The following day Nisha went to the tailor shop to get her stitched blouse. She went with the same outfit. The burqa over nightie. This time only the young Prabhu was in the shop. Raman had gone to his hometown and left him incharge. She asked him about the blouse.
Prabhu said, "Blouse is ready. It should fit you perfectly."
She decided that since only Prabhu is in the shop, may be she will tease him a little.
She said, "This looks small in front. It may not contain my boobs. I'll have to try it on before paying. Can I try it on here or at home?"
"You can't take it home without paying. I'll be scolded by Raman." Prabhu replied.
Nisha said, "Since you have already seen me in my underwear, it doesn't matter now. I'll try it on here. Please don't look, ok."
With that and not expecting any response she turned around with her back towards him. This doesn't change anything as there were mirrors all around. She started removing her burqa. She removed it and put it aside. She then removed her nightie, she pulled it to her thighs and dropped it "accidentally" to tease him. She pulled it off over her head.
This time she had worn her black underwear set. It contrasted her pale skin and looked erotic. He didn't even try to be nonchalant. He openly gawked at her which she could see from the corner of her eyes. She could see the feeling of want in his eyes which made her horny. She was enjoying every minute of this.
She then put on her blouse, it was actually tight afterall, maybe as the measurement was done in her underwear. The hooks were in the front, but she was only able to hook two of the four available. She tried hard but couldn't hook it. She turned around and saw him looking at her intently.
She scolded him saying, "I said don't look and you are gawking at me."
He got afraid and lowered his eyes. The blouse having hooked only the two lower buttons pushed up her boobs and showed a deep cleavage. It was sexy wearing that.
She said, "The blouse is too tight on me. I can't hook up the blouse fully. See for yourself."
Now he looked up. He can't control his feelings. He was sporting the most painful hard-on he ever had. He stammered something about it should fit her if she tried harder and that it will become loose over time. She was torturing him.
She said, "I have tried as hard as I can. I have not able to hook it. I can do one thing. I'll hold my boobs closer, you try to hook it up."
His hands were shaking and his expression said that he was scolding himself for being a pussy. She held her boobs even closer. It wouldn't go any closer. He hooked the next one, but he also couldn't hook up the top one. He was about to push her boobs to get it hooked, but she stopped him.
She said, "It is too tight and I can't find someone to help me wear my blouse every time. You need to alter the blouse to fit me. I can come again sometime."
With that she tried removing her blouse. She couldn't unhook the blouse. She asked for his help to remove her blouse. She again held her boobs closer. He unhooked two and she said that she will remove the last one. She turned around and removed it and gave it to him.
He said, "Please wait, I can alter it now and you can try it on again."
With that he started working on the blouse. She waited in the shop. She didn't put on her clothes. She stayed in her bra and panties. She started looking back at him impatiently after a while. He was working intently. He didn't even look up.
After a while she turned around facing toward him. Now he started glancing more towards her. She didn't mind it. The more the time she spends there the more she wanted to expose to him. But she didn't have any excuse to show more to him. He finished the alteration and gave her the blouse to try.
She started hooking it up. She was able to wear it now. It fit her snugly. She checked herself out in the mirror turning one side to another in just her blouse and panties. He was checking her out too and he liked what he saw.
She then removed the blouse in front of him and gave it to him. She didn't even pretend to be embarrassed now. She just stood there with her hands on her hips and told him to pack it. She got dressed after that. She fished the money out of her bag and gave it to Prabhu. He gave her the blouse. She thanked him for the good work in the blouse.
He invited her again to the shop if she needed his service again. She went home and showed the blouse to her mother. Her mother immediately asked Nisha to wear and show it. She wore the saree as best she could and came out.
Her family loved it. Her mother however made some adjustments to it. She didn't even move her to the bedroom. She rearranged the pallu of her saree, which exposed her cleavage and navel. Nisha was excited that her daughter has grown up and was wearing a saree that she didn't think twice before doing it.
Nisha on the other hand was all nerves. It was exciting for to be exposed by someone. The helplessness enhanced the feeling. She is exposed much less compared to the tailor shop, but this is in front of her family and it enhanced her feeling. Her father looked away nonchalantly and stealing occasional glances. But her brother didn't even blink.
When the rearranging was complete, Parveen asked the family how it looked. They complemented Nisha's look. Nisha herself admired the look in the mirror. She looked classy and mature.
She stayed wearing the saree. They had lunch together. After some time she felt suffocating wearing the saree. She didn't have any idea how her mother wears it all day long everyday. She went and changed to her nightie after sometime. That night when thinking back, she couldn't avoid but think about how it made her feel, being exposed in front of her family. The added family taboo excited her a lot.