Suzi and James are very close friends of mine, who a few years back, used to own a small cabaret club. They would on occasions put on Burlesque nights and adult themed evenings, always with Suzi dressed to sexual perfection. Suzi is the perfect hostess and her flirtatious nature puts everyone at ease. She is also blessed with an absolutely stupendous hour glass figure. Her figure is an unbelievable 34G-24-34 which sits on very long slender legs for such a petite lady. Her short blonde bobbed hair frames her face perfectly, emphasising her warm smile and full sexy lips. Suzi has always wore stylish spectacles which only added to her lustful look. Suzi always without exception, would wear the tightest most revealing skirts, tops and dresses. Always mini length to show off those fabulous legs. Her dresses, skirts and top were always skin-tight, hugging her magnificent hour glass body and displaying her huge perfect braless breasts.
As I said she was very flirtatious and would quite often expose her nipples deliberately, offering her pendulous breasts to be held and touched or bend over arching her back, with her toned buttocks sticking out and lift her hemline to reveal her firm curvy buttocks, sometimes wearing a thong but there have been occasions when she would be naked beneath.
On one occasion in a pub, she lifted the front of her dress, sitting on a barstool, opened her legs and revealed her perfect shaved pussy to me. I stared in disbelief at the smoothest, tightest looking pussy I have ever clapped eyes on. When James returned , she closed her legs with a wry naughty smile emblazoned across her face as she blew me a very sexy kiss.
Rumours have always circulated about Suzi and James being ardent swingers. I've often heard legendary tales about guys going back to their apartment and fucking Suzi whilst James casually looked on. I had no reason not to believe these rumours as Suzi was indeed a very sexy lady and a tremendous flirt.
Tonight Suzi was wearing the tightest corset style top, barely keeping her huge firm breasts inside the lace cups of the corset. The corset was shiny black with net lace cut out panels and laced up tightly at the back. It clung to her waist, making her bust look bigger than ever and her narrow waist look minuscule. She was wearing a very tight short leather look mini skirt, so tight you could see her garter straps protruding the thin leather material of her skirt. I knew from the protrusions that she was wearing black silky seamed stockings with what looked like black six inch spiked heeled stiletto shoes.
She was at ease and confident with her abundant sexuality, thriving on her erotic choice of clothing as every guy drooled as they feasted on the sexual vision that she was.
Every time Suzi and I crossed paths there would be a large dose of flirting laced with an abundance of innuendo. One evening we were out in town, Suzi and I flirting outrageously as per usual, when she revealed to me that when she met James she was working as a stripper!
My cock throbbed instantly at the thought of Suzi performing a strip tease. She continued with her tale informing me that she was known as the long boot girl due to her penchant for wearing thigh length boots. She divulged that she wore the thigh length boots not only as part of her act but also as part of her every day dress.
With this accrued knowledge I decided that tonight I would ask a lot more about her previous stripper life. I posed a few questions to Suzi regarding her previous life with genuine interest.
She confessed that during her stripper phase she done some glamour modelling, of course with the obligatory open legged shots. Her confession continued that she had done one or two stag parties where things did get a bit raucous, and on one occasion she spent the night in a hotel with the groom to be and the best man, for her first ever MMF threesome. Her eyebrows raised at the memory as she was whispered.
"They fucked me for a solid three hours!" Continuing to breath her words in to my ear "I came so much fucking them separately and together. They gave me my first ever double penetration, which was sublime, feeling two cock slide in and out of my tight holes. I was a total slut for them and let them do anything they wanted!" She giggled naughtily.
I smiled wide eyed as my cock reached full erection. Suzi continued with her tale.
"I was with James at the time and usually got home from stripping about four in the morning, but when I didn't come home till seven thirty. I thought he would go crazy at me for pulling an all nighter with two hot guys!" She smiled stroking my thigh "He didn't seem jealous at all and asked me how the stag party went. To keep the relationship honest, I told him what I'd been up to, how the two guys fucked all of my holes, and coming inside all of my holes. I informed him that his little hot wife had been a cock crazy slut for two total strangers. He was as horny as hell. We fucked almost the whole day as he insisted on me telling him everything that happened!" Suzi giggled naughtily "I found it strangely empowering to reveal to my husband what two complete strangers had been doing to me with their hard cocks all night!"
I looked into her bedroom brown eyes as she moved her taloned nails further up my leg.
"My husband was enjoying my regaling of my sexual escapades, the only thing he was in the least bit jealous about was that he never got to watch it. I got in touch with the best man who booked me and invited him and the groom to come round to our house that night and fuck me all over again!" She said with a dreamy look in her eyes "They both arrived early evening where I was waiting for them dressed in a half cup bra, garter belt, fishnet stocking and thigh length boots all in sexy black. James was almost delirious watching the two guys fuck me in every hole and almost lost his mind when both guys came in my mouth, which I swallowed whilst smiling at him!"
Suzi grinned a very sex grin as she continued.
"We did a few years of swinging after that, where I would often take part in threesomes and sometimes the odd gang-bang. Now I much prefer the one to one action with James joining in for a short while, then leaving me and my lover to fuck our brains out!"" She smiled the sexiest smile "We both prefer to bring a guy back home to fuck me while James watches!" She grinned sexily as her hand almost reached my crotch "Sometimes if the mood takes me, I will do a little sexy striptease for my new lover!"
"I wish I'd seen you Dance!" I smiled confidently as her hand was now rubbing my prominent bulge.
"I could put a little show on for you later, but I'll want you to fuck me!" Suzi smiled rubbing my cock.
"Fucking hell!" I smiled "Seeing you strip is my idea of sexual heaven, but getting to fuck you in the same night! Am I dreaming?" I said shaking my head in disbelief.
"No, you're not dreaming. I'll wear whatever you want when I do my striptease! I may even leave something on if it turns you on. When we fuck, I think I should let you know, that any hole you want to fuck is ok with James and I!" Suzi smiled rolling the top of her tongue across her teeth and lips.
"Will James be ok with this?" I enquired excitedly.
"He was when I told him earlier that I wanted to fuck you!" Suzi smiled.
"You said that to him?" I asked, with a surprised look on my face.
"What I actually said was I'd like to feel Neil's cock inside me and taste his cum!" Suzi smiled revealing her forthright statement.
I felt my cheeks flush with desire, desperate to see Suzi perform her striptease, getting my cock hard with her erotic movements and then sliding her wet shaved pussy on my hard cock.
Suzi smiled at me, seeing the flush of arousal in my cheeks as her hand stroked my rock hard erection. She leant forward as her full lips delicately brushed my ear, her warm breath making tingles run up and down my spine.
"This cock will feel wonderful inside me!" She whispered softly, stroking my covered shaft.
"As you were known as Suzi long boots, I think it only fitting that you should dance for me wearing what made you famous!" I grinned, waiting for her response "In fact what you wore when the Groom and best man came to fuck you sounds awesome!"
"I'll be delighted to wear that for you!" She smiled "It will bring back horny memories of my first slut night with James watching!"
"I can't believe that I'm going to fuck you!" I smiled with a dazed look on my face.
"I'll make sure that my slut outfit will be sexy!" Suzi grinned stroking my hard cock.
"If you're wearing it then it automatically becomes sexy!" I smiled.
James came walking over to us, holding some drinks for us. Suzi continued stroking my cock in James presence, which I found strange but sexually provocative. I looked at her superb breasts to find her nipples prominently erect. James smiled handing me a drink as he turned to hand Suzi her drink, he smiled seeing her right hand stroking my covered cock.
"I suppose I will be watching that sliding in and out of you later?" he grinned as Suzi continued holding my cock.
"I'm going to do my striptease act for Neil. You can watch and I'll make it nice and dirty, then he's going to spend a few hours sliding in and out of my shaved pussy and tight ass!" Suzi smiled, her eyes half closed with sheer lust.
James looked over at me as his face cracked in to a broad smile.
"You are in for one hell of a treat my good friend!" he said grinning in a knowing way "Suzi always gets hornier after a striptease. You're about to get the fuck of a lifetime!"
I smiled back at James, my head spinning in disbelief. Here was my good friend telling me I'm about to have the sexual experience of a lifetime, as Suzi continued stroking my hard cock.
"Come on Suzi don't be a tease. Give the man a feel of that smooth pussy!" James grinned as Suzi took my hand, opened her stockinged legs and placed it directly on the smoothest pussy I'd ever touched.
"Oh fuck that feels good!" Suzi sighed as my fingertips gently stroked her smooth sexy mound. My index finger slid into the slit of her shaved pussy as she sighed softly in my ear. We were hidden fro the rest of pub as she opened her legs wider, allowing my finger to slide inside her very tight wet pussy. Suzi squeezed her large breasts as she moaned sexily. Looking me directly in the eye she smiled and said.
"You and James finish off your drinks. I'm going home to get ready for your strip show, you guys come along in about ten minutes!" She moved off the barstool with my finger still inside her. Wriggling free from my finger, she smiled seductively and said.
"Don't be late!"
Suzi turned on her heels and left the pub. Their apartment was just a block away from the pub we were standing in. James and I tried to hide the huge boners we were both sporting due to his slut wife's sexual antics. Drinking our drinks and making small talk we waited until our erections had subsided, then said our goodbyes and left the bar. We walked slowly to their apartment allowing Suzi ample time to prepare for her striptease. My heart was pounding with sexual excitement, every beat audible in my head as we approached the front door of their apartment.
James smiled as he placed his key in the lock, turning it slowly as he watched my anxiety increase.
"You're going to love this. Suzi is such a dirty slut!" He laughed then ushered me through his front door. We climbed the opulent staircase to the first floor of the apartment. To the right was a large lounge with a kitchen diner just off it. James guided me away from this, heading me to my left where we entered a room complete with a bar, bar counter, sound system and a wooden floor large enough to dance on. James walked over to the sound system, turning the power on as a powerful bass line throbbed through the speakers. A hip grinding track was playing as James invited me to sit at the bar as he went behind to pour us all a drink. The room had a high ceiling with windows almost ceiling to floor. The windows overlooked the Main Street and business premises opposite. The drapes were wide open as I glanced outside to see the people below continue on their way, blissfully unaware of our existence. I heard a door close on the floor above us as the clicking sound of high heels began to make there way down the stairs. I swallowed excitedly as James slid my drink in front of me. He smiled a broad smile then winked at me. Nodding his head toward the opened door, I turned slowly to find Suzi in the frame.
She was wearing a high waisted garter belt with a quarter cup bra, exposing her fabulous firm breasts. Her arms were covered in black opera gloves as she placed her arms above her head. She was wearing the same stockings that she had been wearing in the pub and her legs were sheathed in the softest looking black thigh length boots. Her shaved pussy was glistening in subdued lighting of the room. This striptease shouldn't last too long as her breasts and pussy were fully exposed.
Suzi glided over towards me, wearing a very sexy seductive grin. She placed her hand under the barstool, clicking a lever as my stool dropped about six inches. Her breasts were on my chest as she leant forward placing her full lips on my ear. Her warm breath stimulated my ears as she whispered.
"Do you like what you see?"
I nodded my head as her tongue deftly licked my ear.
"I can't wait to feel you inside me!" She whispered, her warm breath tantalising me.
Suzi turned around placing her perfect ass on my lap as she leant back, placing her head into my neck. Her long tongue began to slither around my neck as she held my hands and directed them to her huge firm breasts. My hands cupped her magnificent breasts, feeling the erect nipples as Suzi slowly ground her ass into my covered erect cock. Suzi placed her hands behind my neck as she raised her legs high, opening them wide and thrusting her hips slowly. Her pussy lips were visible peeping through her tight slit. Her labia was glistening with arousal as she moved my right hand from her breast and placed on her wet pussylips. For the second time that night, my finger slid inside the most delicious pussy I'd ever known. The musky smell of her arousal was flaring both of our nostrils as our breathing quickened. I moved my left hand down to join my right as I held her pussy open. With her pussy stretched wide open, I began to wriggle my finger around her honey pot as though I was stirring coffee. Suzi turned her head toward me and kissed me tenderly. Her tongue slid gently between my teeth, searching for my own tongue as her lips locked on mine and began to devour my mouth and tongue. Her breath and moaning were vibrating inside my mouth as I hooked my finger forward, feeling the spongy flesh of her Gspot.
Her eyes widened excitedly as I began to finger blast her Gspot. My left hand was between her legs as she thrusted her pussy on to my right hand. My finger was moving rapidly as my left hand began to tickle her rosebud gently. She moaned loudly as my finger circled her asshole, teasing the excited flesh of her tightest hole. My right finger was squelching in and out of her tight shaved slit, rubbing the excited flesh of her Gspot. Her breasts were heaving as her breathing quickened.
"Finger my ass!" She groaned as I slid my left index finger past her sphincter.
My right hand was a blur as I pleasured Suzi, her lips at my ear as she whispered.
"Make me come!"
A gush of female ejaculate spewed from her aroused pussy as she panted furiously through her powerful orgasm. I slowed down with my finger blasting, not wishing to desensitise this magnificent pussy.
"I need your cock inside me!" She panted, almost begging for my cock.
"OK but you owe me one striptease!" I smiled unbuckling mother belt on my trousers.
My trousers fell to the floor as my boxers shorts joined the crumpled trousers. My shirt was unbuttoned and thrown across the room.
"I'll do a full striptease for you when James is work, so we can have a bit of privacy!" She smiled "Now fuck me!!"
I stepped forward over the crumpled clothes, my erection prominent as I stepped toward her.
Suzi looked down at my cock, her eyes widening as her smile increased. Opening her legs wide as she adjust herself on the barstool, she placed her fingers either side of her pussylips and whispered.
"Fuck me lover!" I took one more step as my cock slid inside her effortlessly. My cock was encapsulated by the tightest velvet smooth pussy I'd ever encountered. I began to slide my cock in and out of her incredible pussy, feeling her hips rotate slowly almost grinding on my cock.
"Oh fuck James, he is such an incredible fuck!" She panted.
I had totally forgot about James until Suzi mentioned his name.
I looked up to see James' reaction. He had moved from the bar, now standing at our side as he watched my cock slide in and out of his slut wife. He was holding his erect cock, stroking the length slowly, watching his wife cheat on him with a good friend. I looked past James to see people below us, not knowing that a kinky scenario was taking place.
"I want this cock to fuck my ass!" Suzi said through gritted teeth as she rode my cock.
James continued stroking his cock, building up speed as his excitement grew.
"Have Neil fuck you in the window!" He said excitedly.
Suzi's eyes widened as she nodded excitedly.
I slid my cock out of her divine pussy as she climbed off the bar stool and walked over to one of the two huge windows. Placing her face and huge breasts on the glass window pane, she bent over, arching her back, pushing her perfect buttocks high. Placing the palms of both hands on her buttocks, she began to pull them apart stretching her pink tight asshole in the process.
"Fuck me up the ass!" She panted, her tight pink hole looking ever so inviting.
I walked over to the window, glancing out to see people meandering on their, not looking up to see the sexual perfection standing there, draped in the sexiest slut outfit ever. I bent over slightly so my mouth was close to Suzi's asshole and spat forcibly on her puckered ring. Suzi shuddered excitedly and let out a deep throaty moan. My cock nudged at her tight opening and slid effortlessly past her sphincter, as though this was meant to be.
"James this cock is fucking beautiful!" Suzi panted as James grabbed a tissue and emptied his load into the white two ply. Suzi smiled as James convulsed emptying his come into the Kleenex.
"James sleep in the spare room tonight. Neil and I are going to be very naughty in our marital bed!" Suzi said sternly.
James nodded his head in agreement, placing his flaccid cock back in his trousers as he obediently left the room.
"You must be turning James as much as you're turning me on!" Suzi smiled "He's never come that quick before when watching me get fucked!"
I continued sliding my cock in and out of the most perfect asshole, feeling every sexy squirm from Suzi as she thrust her ass on to my rampant cock. I cupped her huge firm breasts, squeezing the flesh and gently twisting her erect nipples. I looked outside the window, joyful that the people below were unaware that the sexiest slut on the planet was being fucked up the ass, and if they just turned their heads upwards they could view the sexual spectacle.
"Your cock feels wonderful!" Suzi panted.
"Stick three fingers inside your shaved pussy!" I ordered, feeling Suzi shudder at my dominant tone.
"Shall I tap on the window to let the people watch you get fucked up the ass?" I sniggered, feeling Suzi squirm even more so.
"Oh fuck yes please!" She panted excitedly "Show them how much of a cheating slut I am!"
"Then afterwards I want to fuck you in your husbands bed!" I snarled as I banged on the double glazed window.
Two older guys stopped in their tracks, looking up at the perfect sexual vision all adorned in slut outfit as some guy was slamming his cock into her ass. The guys watched for a few minutes as I tapped Suzi's ass and said.
"I'm ready to spunk on your face!"
Suzi turned around rapidly and knelt before my hard cock. Placing her right hand on my cock she began to stroke it as my spunk blasted her cheek. Suzi immediately shrouded my exploding cock with her sexy full lips, swallowing every single drop my balls had provided. The two guys opposite gave Suzi a round of applause and went on their way.
Suzi looked up at me from her kneeling position.
"That was fun!" She giggled, then began to lick my semi erect cock.
"If you get this hard, I'll let you sit on it and fuck me!" I laughed.
"If I get this hard I'll let you take photos and videos!" She smiled and continued to lick my cock.