Disclaimer and Note:
All characters are above 18, though not explicitly stated in the story. A lot of creative decisions were made surrounding consent and the logistics of outdoor sex for the sake of artistry and mood. Please remember that fictional choices made by fictional characters are not an endorsement for real world behavior.
This is my first erotic story, any constructive criticism (outside of grammar) is greatly appreciated.
***
"I think we should turn back" I say as we walk along the dirt path to the forest outside of Carla's house. Her parents have a small hunting cabin further down south and it's far enough to hang out without having the neighbors hear. There was nothing but tracts of trees and tall grass surrounding the property.
"Everyone's already there, and you know this is invite-only"
"Invite-only on public land isn't exactly the most exclusive party. Especially when your boyfriend is in charge of the guest list."
"Hey, James only invites the cool people. Stop stressing. We are graduating in 2 weeks and you've never been to a god-honest party."
I bury my hands in the pockets of my hoodie and try to keep up with her. It may be a party in the hicks, but that never stopped Carla from wearing what she wanted when she had places to be and people to see. Right now, she had impractical heels, a tight skirt, and a tank top.
"Fine" I concede, "but if I feel uncomfortable, you leave with me. Promise?"
"Yes, yes, I promise. Now relax and open your jacket," she turns around and tugs on my hoodie's zipper. The cold air hits my chest and I give an involuntary shiver.
"Show off the girls if you want some action, and trust me when I say it isn't a proper party if you don't get any."
I give her a pointed look, "I think you have a different idea of fun."
I could hear James' playlist blast through the speakers and see hints of orange from their bonfire peep through the foliage and trees.
"I like staying at home. Where it's nice, warm, and I can eat nachos naked."
"In fairness, you could eat nachos naked here and no one will judge. I bet you'd get a fan or two."
"You know what I mean. I want to be comfortable."
Carla pauses and grabs my hand, "Eve, you have your entire life trying to be comfortable. You'll probably find a nice 9 to 5, marry someone nice, and settle down and have kids. You could spend all your weekends at home curled up with a good book or binging the crap you love so much. But you will never be able to relive this. You are 20! Act like it. We can be stupid and have all the good excuses. You could party in your 30s, but do you really have the self-esteem to do the walk of shame after someone wrecks your pussy? I don't think so."
She has a point. I barely have the courage to wear what I'm wearing right now even though I have the body for it. The hoodie's my first and last line of defense, under it I had a thin camisole and shorts.
"You're right."
"I know I am," she says with a smirk. We walk towards the crowd and sit on the blankets laid out on the floor. James hands us a couple of drinks. I wait for the alcohol to work through my system, while Carla heads to the informal dance area.
"Carla tells me you are here to have a good time. Do you want me to introduce you to anyone? Or will you manage on your own?" James asks. James is tall, athletic, and charismatic. He and Carla are definitely the power couple of the batch.
"I'll do fine on my own. Stay with Carla, you know she's a horny drunk."
"That I do," he says with a smile.
He stands up and walks behind Carla. His chest presses against her back and his hands settle on her hips. She looks up at him and smiles, pulling him in for a sloppy kiss. I'm several paces away, but I can still see their tongues dance against each other, with his hips slightly grinding on her backside. Watching them do their thing is always hot. It doesn't hurt that they have an exhibitionist streak. It won't take long before they fuck in the middle of the dance floor. I've had front row tickets to that show for years.
But as much as I want to sit and stare, I'm not a watcher today. I'm going to participate, I just need to find the right guy.
I down two more beers before I get up and make my rounds. I don't know the protocol. I want to assume that every guy here is down to fuck, but how forward should I be? There's a balance between seducing and sexual harassment, and I don't want to be on the wrong end of it.
Do I lean in close? Do I talk? Do I use innuendos? Or do I outright say it?
I debate strategies when I lock eyes with him.
He's a couple inches taller than me and dressed in the usual denim you'd need for the woods. At first glance, very unassuming, but the more I look, the more I realize how wrong that assessment is. His eyes are dark, framed with strong brows and no matter how hard I try, I can't seem to look away. Everything about him feels intense. Like he is bigger and more dangerous than he lets on.
And somehow, my panties are wet.
We hold each other's gaze for a couple more beats before his face relaxes. The change in expression is the break I need. I quickly move towards the bonfire to make sure I'm visible, but he cuts me off.
He stands close and leans down with his mouth inches away from my ear. "Did you come alone?"
"Yes. No. I mean I came with a friend."
He firmly grips my forearm, "a boyfriend?"
Yes, I should say yes. It would be safer if I said yes. "No."
He leans back and I see his face again. He has a soft smile like I said the magic words. I feel a shiver at his look.
"Good." He draws me away from the crowd and into the dark forest. We stop when the music is a distant thump in the background. He turns to me, his fingers playing with the bottom of my shirt.
"Are you cold?" He asks.
"I don't think you need this jacket," he helps me take it off and tosses it into the bushes.
"I don't think you need this shirt either," his hands go under my camisole and pull it over my head.
He doesn't bother to ask about my bra. He unhooks it from the back and watches the cups fall away. My nipples harden as the wind hits them, and I burn at the thought of anyone finding us like this. He lightly rubs his thumb against my nipple, and assesses my reaction.
"Am I the only one who'll be naked?" I say in an attempt to gain control.
"No, but I'm going to savor this."
He pulls me close and gives me a couple of short kisses with closed lips. Very chaste and sweet, an odd contrast to my being topless.
Warmth radiates from him and I slowly relax. I return his kisses and pause when the tip of his tongue licks my lips. My mouth parts and his tongue slips inside. I feel a tingle rush down my spine. I shouldn't be this familiar, but he triggers something primal in me. Each kiss just feeds the hunger more and more.
His hands run through my hair and keep my head in place while his tongue plays with mine. I wrap my arms around his waist and rub his lower back. He is wearing too much.
We break away for a moment and I catch my breath. I look at his eyes and they feel just as hungry as mine, maybe even more. He bends down and runs his nose along my neck, leaving a trail of kisses until he reaches my breasts. Each touch feels light and sensitive.
He licks my right nipple, swirling his tongue and teasing out sensations I never felt when I masturbated on my own. He rubs the other nipple, making sure both are stimulated. The pressure builds and I could have him right here on the forest floor.
I think he feels the same. He kneels down, pulling my shorts with him. His fingers feel around the slit and gather the fluid that's been pooling in my underwear. He licks his fingers clean and rubs my clit. I hunch over his head, holding on to his shoulders to stay upright.
He starts out slow, moving his tongue around the slit, sending tingles down my spine. He moves so painfully slow. I want to hold his face down and work my pussy in, but I'm also curious to see how this will go if I follow his pace.
He wraps his lips around my clit and sucks on it. I need more. I free one hand and rub my nipples.
"Stop playing," I pant.
He doesn't respond. Instead, he uses his thumb to rub my clit and inserts two fingers. He hooks them and hits my g-spot.
I feel my knees weaken and pressure build around my belly.
He keeps his fingers inside, but removes his thumb from my clit and leans forward to take a lick. Everything topples over. My orgasm comes out in waves and I feel my arousal drip down my inner thigh. He removes his fingers and replaces them with his tongue, lapping up the liquid.
My inner thighs are just as sensitive and his attentions make the orgasm last longer than I think it should. I can barely stay up. His arms wrap around my thighs and his hands secure my lower back.
When he finishes eating my pussy, he lowers me to the damp grass and soil.
"It's my turn," he says in a gruff voice.
He straddles my chest, unzips his pants, and removes his cock. I grab the base and lead it to my mouth. I lick the pre-cum on the slit, then wrap my lips around the head. I lightly suck on the head, lapping the tip once in a while with my tongue. I want to tease him the same way he teased me. I try to make out his face in the dark and even though I can't fully see his expression, I know he his close to holding my head down and just fucking my face.
I try to take his whole length while squeezing the parts that I can't reach. My tongue curls around the underside of his dick, I move my head back until I only have the tip. I suck the head much like I would a lollipop making sure to pass around the slit as often as I can.
It's hard to keep up with the motions with him on top of me. I try to push his thighs away so we can shift position, but he won't budge. His hands gently stroke my cheek and he asks, "are you done teasing me?"
I let my head rest on the grass, and nod.
"Good."
He leans over my head with one hand on the ground and I can no longer see the dark out lines of the trees. His dick slips out of my mouth for a moment and he says, "breathe for me, love." He leads his cock back to my mouth and thrusts it in. At first, he goes slow, but it doesn't stay that way for long. He threads his other hand around my hair and keeps my head in place, while he moves faster and more aggressively. I try to swallow as much as I can, but bits of saliva drip out the sides of my mouth.
My pussy is wet again. I wrap one arm around his thigh, and I bring the other down to rub my clit.
His erratic thrusts tell me he is close. I use my fingers to scoop some of my arousals then grip the base of his dick hard. He shoots out cum to the back of my throat. I try to swallow all of the salty liquid, but some still dribble out. When the last drop is out, I lick his dick clean, paying special attention to the slit.
He moves away and settles on the floor beside me. He tugs on my arm and drapes me on top of him. My naked chest rests on top of his clothed one, and pussy sits a couple inches above his flaccid dick. I look down on his face. His thumb wipes the bit of cum on the side of my mouth and licks it off.
Somehow, the motion gets me all hot and bothered again. He must have seen the hunger in my eyes, because his hand moves to the back of my neck and pushes my face down for an intense kiss. His tongue works against mine and he tastes himself again on my lips.
I didn't get to finish earlier, so I rub my hips against his. I feel his dick harden again. I break away sitting on the back of my heels to position his dick at the entrance of my pussy. I rub the head around, letting it get wet on whatever residual arousal I had, and sink into him.
"Do you want to take over love?"
"No," I reply.
He sits upright, gives me a kiss and then flips up over with his dick still in me. He leaves a trail of kisses around my neck and settles on the spot right below my jaw and sucks hard. He thrusts his hips upwards, his dick grinds at my g-spot. I feel warm all over. His lips go back to mine and give me a deep kiss. Just when I think I can't be stimulated anymore than I already am, he licks his thumb and rubs it on the nips of my nipples.
"I'm close," I say in between pants.
"Me too," he replies. He gets on his knees, pulls my hips up, and thrusts deeply. His release sets off mine, and I savor the pleasure that runs through my system. I wish I've done this sooner.
When he finishes cumming, he lays down right next to me. We rest for a beat before dressing up again. His cum leaks out of my pussy when I stand up, but I catch the liquid when I slide on my shorts. By now we have well adjusted to the dark, and I could tell he liked the idea of his cum soaking my shorts. He has my bra and top and playfully holds it away when I try to take it back.
"What do you think they'd say if you went back without this?"
"They'd wonder why you didn't offer your jacket to cover me up."
"I don't know. You're beautiful naked. Maybe they'd agree." He says lightly groping my breast.
"Sorry, I'm not that type of exhibitionist."
"Ah, so you do have a bit of it in you?" He says teasingly.
"Sure, who doesn't want to walk around their apartment naked."
"While eating nachos."
I turn to him, "you heard me and Carla?"
He helps me put on my bra and camisole, "I saw you do it from my bedroom window, you forget to close your curtains a lot."
I laugh, what were the odds. "Join me next time."
We walk back to the bonfire and I have a feeling that this will be the first of many.