Suzi climbed out of the car wearing her long macintosh with only her red lingerie and fishnet stockings beneath. She phoned her lover giggling.
"I'm here to be fucked!" she laughed down the phone.
I couldn't hear her lover speaking, only her responses.
"You'll meet me at the lifts on the 10th Floor!" she replied to her lover, smiling sexily as she spoke. She hung up her phone, blew me a kiss then scurried inside the Hotel, to be a stripper slut plaything for a client.
I drove the car back home knowing that my hot wife would not be returning until the next day and would more than likely be drenched in cum and oozing spunk from all of her holes. I have pieced the rest of this story from Suzi regaling the timeline of events, the phone call she made to me while her client fucked her ass deep and from some of the video footage of her Stripper slut fuckfest.
She arrived on the 10th floor to be met by her client at the lift doors. She stepped out of the lift with her long coat opened, revealing her sexy red underwear, pierced nipples and delightful shaved pussy. He eased her coat off her shoulders, leaving her standing in the corridor wearing only her erotic undies. She smiled enjoying the exhibitionist start to events as he held her coat. He instructed her to walk along the corridor until she arrived at room 1024. She obeyed his orders and stopped outside of room 1024. She leant against the wall and placed her left leg behind her with her high heel resting on the wall. Her client moved toward her and smoothed the palm of his hand over her shaved mound. Suzi surprised him by raising her left leg outward, then grabbing her ankle, she held her leg above her head. She was doing the splits standing up. Her client slid a finger between her open slit and twirled his digit in and out of her stretched pussy. Resting on her right high heel, she began to rock her pussy on to the invading digit. The weirdness of the situation aroused Suzi as she thrust harder against against hit finger. He pressed on the front wall of her pussy and a gushing orgasm sprayed from her cunt.
Panting furiously she growled.
"Fuck me honey!" then kissed him passionately.
Her leg came down from above her head and rested alongside her right leg as both legs trembled with sexual excitement. His finger was still stirring her honey pot, sliding in and out of her tight shaved as her orgasm ran down her inner thighs. She kissed him deeply, swirling her tongue around his own, panting profusely at the intense pleasure. Removing his finger from her pussy, he held it to her sexy lipsticked mouth. She pursed her sexy lips around the cumdrenched finger and sucked all of her juices off the digit. As his finger withdrew she held his hand to her mouth and sucked the digit like a small erect cock. Showing the delights her tongue could offer.
He opened the door to room 1024 and stepped inside. Suzi followed then sank to her knees, unzipping his fly. Placing her hand inside his trousers her hand grabbed a large shaved cock. Smiling with delight she looked up at him and whispered.
"Aww thanks honey. You've shaved your cock for me!" She smiled as his huge cock unfurled from his trousers. Slowly slipping her rich red lips over the tip, she eased the entire length in to her mouth, gagging and swallowing the throbbing beast. Her mouth clamped on to his cock as her tongue massaged the underside of his cock. He moaned with pleasure at the world class blowjob he was receiving, leant forward slightly and closed the room door. Suzi removed his cock from her mouth when the door closed. Looking up at him, she smiled as she held the base of his pulsating cock. She returned her eyes to the huge cock and spat on the rock solid erection. Licking the tip gently, she then tapped the shaft off her cheeks then looked back up at him.
Maintaining eye contact, she slid her lips over his cock and began to suck and lick his cock like he'd never experienced. The pleasure was almost unbearable and he felt he would unload within minutes if this continued. He tapped Suzi on the head and nodded toward the bed. Suzi removed his cock from her mouth and smiled. Standing up she held his cock and pulled his head toward her. Kissing his monthly sexily, she ran the tip of her tongue across his lips and teeth. Running her tongue along his cheek, she placed her lips over his left ear. Tracing her tongue around his ear, she whispered sensually.
"Are you ready to fuck me?" She breathed, then wriggled her tongues slowly in and out of his ear. His cock twitched in her hand as she held it tightly, enjoying the throbbing and pulsing of a huge hard cock.
He smiled at Suzi, his dazzling white teeth flashing as he did so.
Twitching his cock deliberately, He leant and whispered in her ear.
"I've took a viagra, so I'll be fucking you all night long! All holes!"
His hot breath teased her erogenous ear, sending tingles down her body. She shuddered with delight as the tingles reached her pussy. Suzi stretched out on the bed, her stockinged legs akimbo, with her exposed pierced nipples resting snugly in the red quarter cup bra. Her narrow waist was accentuated by the tightness of her red underbust corset. Her black fishnet stockings, strapped in to place by the garter straps of her corset, adorned her long legs delectably, with her high heeled black strappy shoes completing her stripper slut look.
He looked down at her shaved tight slit, smiling a wicked smile, he glanced at her lust filled eyes and said.
"Will you ever tell him it's me that's fucking you like a whore?"
"Dave I will tell him in my own good time. Now give me that big cock that I love!" She smiled licking her lips seductively.
Dave's trousers were in a crumpled heap on the floor. He unbuttoned his crisp blue shirt, revealing his muscular frame. His cock was thrusting forward and as promised he had shaved every hair from his body. His skin was shiny and smooth as Suzi scoped his body, saturated with lust. Dave held his cock at the base and slid the tip up and down Suzi's slit. She moaned softly.
"Oh fuck yes!" As Dave slid the tip of his cock beyond her labia. Looking down, he saw Suzi's pussy accept his cock as he fed the length in to her quim. The full length was inside as Suzi moaned gently.
"Fuck me Dave. I love your cock! It fucks me so much better than Jim's!" She purred, spurring Dave on letting him know how much his cock pleased her.
"You are such a nasty slut!" Dave grinned.
Suzi lifted her body up to Dave's. Her large breasts were pressing against his shaved bare chest as she began to thrust back at his cock. She kissed him passionately then looking him directly in the eye she said.
"Yes, but I'm your slut! Now fuck me like you always have!" She smiled leaning back pulling Dave's body directly on top of her. With each deep thrust of his cock, she panted "Fuck me!" Her long fishnet stockinged legs were wrapping themselves around his waist as she thrust harder, forcing more of his large cock inside her. Her pussy was squelching as his cock stretched and filled her tight cunt. His hairless groin was in contact with her hot hairless flesh. Suzi began kissing him passionately as her orgasm began to build. Thrusting her hips up toward his cock, she rode him like the slut that she was. As her orgasm approached she broke the kiss and whispered with a devilish smile.
"Seed me with your spunk!"
He trust deep inside her pussy and began to unload inside her. Spurt after powerful spurt, splashed against the opening of her cervix. She could feel every spurt, every throb and twice as his hot spicy seed filled her pussy. Her lips were at his ear as she held his head gently scratching his scalp with her long red nails.
"Fuck me! Give me your spunk!" she breathed in to his ear as he gently slid his still hard cock in and out of her cream pied pussy. The squelching sound of her pussy was erotic music to her ears as she gently kissed his ear and neck. He raised himself above her with his cock still buried deep inside her spunk filled pussy. Smiling a satisfied smile, he looked into her eyes and said.
"Suzi you are such a phenomenal fuck! So dirty, so horny and so fucking sexy!"
Suzi smiled back.
"You're not finished yet! You've got my ass to fill with spunk yet!" she giggled "And I'll give you a nice long blowjob to help you sleep, and in the morning I'll wake you with a blowjob!"
"No wonder you cheat on Jim! No one man could satisfy you, you're too much of a slut!" Dave smiled.
"I like being a slut and I know you guys like me being a slut!" she spoke affirming her stance "I also like sneaky fucking and cheating. It turns me on so much!" she smiled cheekily.
"You love cock, that's what it is. You love a hard cock inside you!" Dave grinned knowing that these words would arouse Suzi.
Suzi moaned as her eyes rolled over with pure lust. Her hips gently thrust toward Dave's cock still embedded in her greasy pussy.
"Oh fuck yes! I do love cock. I love your cock Dave! It always fucks me so much better than Jim's!" she declared, starting to fuck Dave again. Her legs clambered around Dave's back as she began gyrating beneath him.
"Fuck my ass!" she demanded.
Dave with drew his cock and turned Suzi on to her stomach. Her glorious ass rose as she slid on her knees, parting them wide and arching her back. Her ass was high with her asshole and spunk covered shaved slit on full display. Dave stroked her puckered ring gently, tickling her sexually as she moaned, enjoying the wonderful sensations. Dave held his large cock at the base and spat directly at Suzi's asshole. This always aroused her, knowing she was about to get her ass fucked and that her lover was treating her like some porno slut. Dave's saliva was pooling in her tight puckered ring, as he slowly nudged the tip of his cock past her sphincter. His cock slid inside effortlessly as Suzi moaned sexually. He kept sliding his shaft inside her ass until his balls were resting against her hot shaved slit.
"I love your cock in my cheating slut asshole!" Suzi panted as Dave began to slowly fuck her tightest hole.
Dave slapped her ass cheek quite forcibly creating a loud smacking sound and stinging tingle on her buttocks.
"Fuck yes!" she yelped with pleasure "Treat me like a whore!" she snarled through gritted teeth.
Dave slapped her buttocks continuously as Suzi almost lost her mind with lust.
Suzi turned hear head toward Dave and said.
"Watch what I'm going to do!" she smiled.
Suzi reached over to her bag and pulled her phone out. Searching for Jim's number, she pressed FaceTime on her phone. Dave was behind her fucking her ass with only his torso in the image. Jim answered the call and gave Suzi a warm greeting.
"Hi babe. Having a good time?" he asked encouragingly.
"Fucking great time!" Suzi panted "This guys cock is stretching my ass while his cum is dripping out of my pussy. I'm being a very naughty cheating wife!" she said and hung up the call.
"Oh fuck my ass Dave!" Suzi whimpered, further aroused from her little humiliation session with her husband.
Dave loved what she had done and gave her ass a hefty smack. The crack reverberated around the hotel room.
Dave fucked Suzi's ass for a good half hour, slapping her perfect butt every now and then, delighting Suzi with every slap, before he unleashed an equally heavy load of spunk deep inside her bowels. Suzi placed her head on the bed as her lover emptied his seed deep inside her ass. Dave withdrew his cock and flopped on the bed. Suzi turned toward him and kissed him sensually. Their tongues were gently playing with each others as they came down from their sexual high.
Suzi began stroking his hairless chest, gently scraping her red talons across his freshly shaved torso. She'd requested he remove all of his body hair as a sexual treat for her and he'd duly obliged.
Dave stroked her hair as she snuggled in to his chest.
"Do you think Jim suspects that I'm your client?" Dave enquired.
"I don't think so, but I'll tell him tomorrow morning while he is licking my pussy that's full of your come!" she smiled.
"I'll get hard again if you keep talking like that!" Dave smiled.
"Does it turn you on to know he licks my pussy after you've fucked me?" Suzi asked with a very mischievous grin on her face.
"It turns me on to get the opportunity to fuck a woman as hot as you! It turns me on that you are such a willing slut and will do and wear anything I want! But I must admit, it is a little power thing to know that you take my spunk home and your husbands doesn't know he's tasting the spunk that I left inside his fucking red hot wife!" Dave smiled then kissed my forehead "Just so you know I've been videoing the whole evening.
"I am a dirty cheating slut aren't I?" she grinned quite proud of herself.