Strip-Off: Chaos!
Part 8
Arrow adjusted their top hat- today was the fourth day of Maya's "Special Punishment", and they were very excited for it to get underway. Most of the people were in the showroom already, and Arrow was just greeting and herding a few stragglers. Arrow was humming a little tune from their hometown, when suddenly, a serious looking man in a suit and tie walked up to Arrow.
Arrow smiled. "Welcome to the Strip-Off showroom! Right now, Maya Tauros is being put on display for everyone to look at and play with. In order to participate, you will need to show us a recent STD test, ID, and fill out this form..."
The man looked around, an annoyed look on his face. "So this is where she's been, huh? That bitch..."
Arrow shrugged. "Yep! She really loves it. Fetishes can be fun for everyone when done right!"
The man growled, towering over Arrow menacingly. "Let me in. I'm her ex-boyfriend- I'm concerned for her well-being."
Arrow yawned. "Oh! You must be her ex. Uhh, what was your name again? I completely forgot. Yes, we've been expecting you. Uh, right, Maya asked me to tell you... uh, what were her exact words?"
Faintly, from within the hall, a female voice echoed. "Fuck fuck fuck FUUUUUCK...!"
Arrow smiled. "Oh, right, I remember now. 'Fuck you'. Now, uh, sir, unless you have an STD test and an ID, as well as a clean criminal record, you can't come in."
The man sighed. "Foolish. Why would I have such a... dirty disease? I've been pure and faithful all my life, unlike you... you... perverts."
Arrow scratched their head. "Really? Huh, weird! Maya told me you were sleeping around with other women and that you probably had picked something up by now. Anyways, STD test, please." The man crossed his arms. "I'm her ex-boyfriend. Surely I should get special treatment."
Arrow scratched their head, then snapped their fingers. "You know what? Sure! I'll give you a seat in the VIP box, right up in the rafters with me!"
The man narrowed their eyes at Arrow. "I don't want to be stuck in a box with a pervert."
Arrow laughed. "Why the hell did you come here, then?"
The man grumbled. "Fine. Take me up there. I need to see her."
Arrow guided Maya's ex up a staff staircase and into an effects booth above and behind the audience. Arrow tapped the microphone. "Hey, everyone! Just wanna let you know that I'm back in the booth, so if you want any cool sex toys to pop up on stage or whatever, just holler it out and I'll get it done!" The audience cheered.
Arrow smiled. "Go ahead and look out the window- Maya's right there on stage! That's who you wanted to see, yeah?"
The man walked up to the window and gasped in shock. There, on stage, was Maya. Her legs were shackled to the ground, spread far apart so that her pussy was in full view. Her skin was covered in obscene language and suggestions with what to do to her dirty, slutty body. She was drooling and panting, fluid dripping from almost every hole in her body. Her full breasts and tight ass were glistening with sweat, and her eyes were rolled back in her head. And above her was a huge, neon sign which read: "FUCK ME".
The man sputtered and averted his gaze. "What in God's name IS this?"
Arrow shrugged. "What, did you not watch the show?"
"Of course I watched the show!"
Arrow scratched their head. "...wait. You're calling us all perverts, but you're watching the same porn show that your ex-girlfriend is starring on? How does that make sense?"
Suddenly, Maya let out a loud moan. Piss began coming out from her glistening, quivering pussy. The crowd cheered- a few men came up to grope her breasts and ogle her from close up. She moaned out: "Please, please, I wanna be your public cum toilet, please cum on me and fuck me and grope me and..."
Arrow grinned. "Oh, right. Uh, the microphones on stage are connected to the speakers here, so that we can hear what's going on down there."
"Just- just let me talk to her! I need to get her away from these degenerates! They're corrupting her!"
Arrow turned on the loudspeaker system. "Uh, hey, Maya! He's here!"
Maya groaned. "Oh GOD yes! Get that son of a bitch on the line."
Arrow gestured towards the mic. "All yours, man."
The ex walked up to the mic. "Maya! What are you doing!? Get out of there! Those bad men are perverting your mind and body! Come back to me- I can help make you pure again!"
Maya gasped and panted as a man came on her tits. "Mmm! Oh! I don't wanna be pure! I wanna be dirtied by a group of sexy, hot perverts and covered in tasty cum...!"
The crowd cheered.
The ex became desperate. "Why are you doing this, Maya? You... you'll ruin yourself! I... I can't bear to watch other men defile you!"
Maya gasped- a woman began licking and sucking at her nipples. "Mmm... now you... hahhh... know how I felt... when I saw you... fucking... your secretary...!"
The man sputtered again. "T-that was just a misunderstanding!"
Maya giggled. "Hey, hey, you say you can't bear to watch but you're doing it anyway! I'm gonna make you watch while I fuck everyone in this room, on full display to the public...! I feel like such a slutty bitch and I love it! Mmm, I'm gonna get sooooo much more pussy than your tiny cock could ever even dream of! Hey, audience! I wanna be fucked in all of my holes sooooo bad...!"
A very pretty Asian woman with small boobs and glasses came on stage, looking Maya over. She smiled mischievously. "I wanna have a turn, guys. May I?"
The guys stepped aside as the woman lifted her dress over her head and threw it to the floor, exposing her red bra and panties. She then took those off as well. Maya's eyes widened as the woman grabbed her and kissed her. She pulled back, kissing and licking at her neck, her shoulders, her breasts...
"Mmm... Ahn... I feel sooo good...!"
She moaned and screamed out loud as enema came flowing out of her asshole. She came just from the sensation of it coming out of her, knowing that everyone was watching her dirty, filthy body contort and writhe in pleasure and humiliation.
The woman smiled. "You look soooo dirty... maybe I ought to wash you off..."
She jutted her hips forward, and she pissed all over Maya. Maya moaned in pleasure. "It feels soooo warm... I'm so embarrassed... I'm getting peed on in front of so many people...!"
Arrow laughed. "Looks like she's enjoying herself. Feel free to stay as long as you like."
The man left, feeling defeated.
Arrow clapped their hands. "Well, I'm glad that's been dealt with. Hm, actually, it's already 10:00 AM. They should be passing by around this time..."
Arrow stepped outside. As usual, Lilith, Isabelle, and Pup were walking down the sidewalk.
Arrow waved. "Hey ladies! How's the new house treating you?"
Lilith smiled. "Oh, the house is just great. There's room enough for the two of us AND our new pet!" She tugged on the leash in her hand, which was attached to Pup's neck- Pup was naked and on all fours, panting and shaking her butt in the air. She drew a few looks from passersby, but at this point they all knew her from the show, so they didn't see it as anything strange.
Arrow grinned. "Good, good. And, uh, how's your new relationship arrangement? Does Pup here enjoy being a pet for a lesbian couple? No drama with the relationship dynamic between the three of you?"
Isabelle blushed. "It was a bit unnerving at first, but... we both really love Pup, and she's really fun to have around. We decided that we'd love to have her as our pet. I sort of enjoyed being her master throughout the games, so..."
Pup nodded. "My mistresses are really kind to me, woof! I love being treated like a doggy...! They're taking me on a walk right now, woof! And they're soooo cute together... I almost just want to be their normal girlfriend, but being their pet is even more fun!"
Lilith grinned. "You know, if you ever want to stop being a puppy and become our girlfriend in a more traditional sense, you just have to say so, Katie."
Arrow raised their eyebrow. "She told you her real name?"
Katie blushed. "J-just call me Pup, please... I'm shy about my name... People sometimes just call me 'Kitty', and that's just really embarrassing to me... Besides, I'm more of a dog person..."
Arrow shrugged. "That's... pretty ironic. Well, I'm glad you three are getting along. The dog outfit looks great on you, by the way!"
Pup smiled, shaking the tail embedded in her asshole and making her dog ears bob up and down. "Thank you, woof!"
The odd trio left, and Arrow waved as they went on their way.
Arrow laughed. "I wonder what will happen next season. Well, I guess I'll just have to stay tuned, like I always keep telling the viewers...