The door latched shut behind her, the metal click echoing down the empty hallway and back to create an effect that the distance was much further than it truly was. Sally took a deep breath, then started to step forward, her bare feet making quiet footsteps against the old tiles of the dormitory.
She forced herself to maintain a steady pace, imagining that she was out in the courtyard as she would soon be, pretending that everything was fine. She had never previously paid attention to how she walked and suddenly found that, when trying to think about it, she could not recreate a regular stride.
Nervously, she stopped at the end of the hallway and gathered herself once again - trying to squeeze her book bag for comfort before remembering that she had left it in her room and was carrying a few books loose. With one final sigh, she stepped out into the common area of the building where she saw three other women sitting solemnly around the only table in the room - scant school supplies scattered on its surface.
They were naked, too.
Part of her was relieved to see that her compatriots were also in the nude - that their meeting the previous day wasn't just some massive prank against her. That she would step into the room, see them fully dressed, and then would be teased for her gullibility in believing that they would actually go through with it.
Another part was mortified that they were also in the nude. That they were serious all along and that she couldn't simply turn around and quit on them; Go back up to her room, put on some clothes, then go to class as if nothing had ever happened.
But that wasn't really an option, either.
"I was starting to think you'd never arrive." A tall blonde girl said, her slender legs crossed over one another as she leaned back in her seat casually. "Frankly, I didn't think you had the nerve for it - not that I'd blame you."
She was Claire - one of the few members of that Monday afternoon meeting where this whole plan originated from. She didn't seem especially enthusiastic at the prospect of nudity, but in her conflicted emotions evidentially found the strength to go through with it.
"That makes four of us, then." A shorter girl with bright-red hair said. Her voice was quiet and calm, even if her body language betrayed her real emotions - she had both arms crossed over her chest. "Everybody who agreed to participate yesterday."
Amy hadn't made so much as a single objection to the plan, she spoke about it coldly and logically, though Sally was sure she'd heard just the slightest wavering in her voice whenever she said the word 'naked'.
"That's upsetting." Sighed the last of the group. A gorgeous brunette with the features of a model and a tan to match brushed a lock of straightened hair away from her face as she stood up, her breasts perking outward against gravity in a way that made Sally feel insecure about her much more modest bosom. "I had hoped at least somebody would change their mind after sleeping on it. We're doing very important work, here."
Leah gave no indication about her true feelings regarding their nudity - in fact, she was by far the most enthusiastic about the entire scheme. They had been targeted for too long, and this was exactly the type of publicity that they needed to get their grievances out there.
Over the last few days, Leah had become somewhat of a de facto leader of the few women in Westridge Academy. The school had only recently accepted women into their programs and even this was done begrudgingly after years of public pressure forced the administration to cave to demands. This was only the first year women here could receive an education and already the school's administrators were pushing back. Even though there were barely more than a dozen female students enrolled in a college of several hundred, that was too much for the 'old-fashioned' administrators in charge.
The steady thump of a set of footsteps came into perception, then grew louder, the obvious sound of shoe-wearing feet made Sally feel a bit jealous as she curled her toes instinctively at the noise. The maker of the noise was a black-haired girl with glasses that Sally had seen around a few times before but never spoken to. That girl was dressed in an overly-modest fashion - no doubt an attempt to draw as little attention to her outfit as possible - though everybody there seemed to implicitly understand that it still wouldn't be enough.
She stopped in place at the sight of the four naked women gathered in the common area, then ducked her head down and quickly walked past them - ignoring the sight before her. Sally watched the girl's backpack bounce against her jean-clad butt as she walked away, aware that she wanted nothing more than to be wearing clothes herself at the moment. Nobody was forcing them to do this but each other and the hope that they could change a few minds.
"We should probably be headed out as well." Claire spoke, looking out the front door. "Classes will start in a few and I'd hate for this entire plan to fall through because we got suspended for showing up a few minutes late."
"That's true." Leah grumbled. "Remember ladies, we're doing this not because our academic futures are at stake but because the futures of every woman who wants to get an education depends on us."
"Remember: Our disciplinary records are in poor standing due to the rule changes." Amy spoke into the table as she gathered up her books and papers. "Try not to do anything to draw attention to yourselves."
She didn't need to remind them of that fact. Over last last few days, every single girl in the school had been called out by the teaching staff for violations of the school's updated dress-code. This updated dress-code had several contradictory rules and obscure wordings designed to make it practically impossible to follow in earnest. Girls would be pulled aside for having sleeves that were too long in their first class, then again for having sleeves that were too short.
That none of the male students ever got called out for this was confirmation of their fears. While the school's dean could not expel a student for her gender, he could have her written up for repeated violations of the dress code and then thrown out for being a rule-breaker without raising much suspicion.
When the women of Westridge got together last week to discuss this travesty of justice, they came up with a variety of plans to combat the dress-code scheme. Their letters were thrown out, their attempts to start a dialog were rebuked, and their demands to get the attention of a higher power came up fruitless. They needed a plan - something bold.
They found a bold plan.
Sally snapped back to reality as she saw the other three heading towards the door. Amy was trailing behind the other two, still covering her chest with both hands and a forward-leaning posture. Sally crossed her arms over her torso and allowed a free hand to begin fondling a curl of hair.
She jogged to catch up to the others, feeling an uncomfortable bouncing sensation as she caught up just in time to step into the courtyard and into the sunlight. It took a few seconds to adjust to the brightness outdoors, her hand covering her face as she adjusted her eyes with a few blinks. It didn't seem as if anybody had noticed the four naked woman walking together, but that wasn't something that would last long.
The pavement was already warm against her bare feet, the mid-fall mornings still showing some signs of summer. She could see a few people in the distance, their bags clutched tightly as they were making their way to class. Sally wished she had her bag with her, she could at least use it to cover up a bit. But bags, like most clothing, would have violated the rules set out in the new dress code and could have gotten any of the women suspended outright. They had already been told their futures were at stake and that they each had until the end of the week to drop out (and ideally find a new college) or get suspended and shatter any hope of a good recommendation.
There was a whistle. The first of many.
A few men (the campus was almost 99% men) had finally taken notice of the naked girls walking along the sidewalk and were pointing them out to their nearby friends. These men all craned their necks around to get a better view of the nudists, chuckling something to themselves as they all grew big smiles.
"Just ignore them." Leah spoke quietly. "Keep walking with your head up high."
"If they think they're bothering you, that only makes them louder." Claire added. "A bit of advice I learned from my father."
Sally found it too hard to follow this advice and merely sped up to use the two taller girls at the front of the group as cover. She held her books up to her face, hoping she wouldn't be recognized in spite of the inevitable futility of the gesture.
"Oh my god." Amy's face was starting to turn as red as her hair. "This is too much."
"We're halfway to the building." Leah spoke. "It's not that far."
Her words were of little comfort. Once they were inside the building, things would only get worse as the men ogling them would be closer and more numerous. Sally shuddered at the thought, but forced herself to keep moving to maintain pace with the brown butt bounding in front of her. The hypnotic movements of Leah's ass were a small comfort as she tried to drown out the calls from all around them.
"Shit, is that Claire?"
"Oh man, Leah's tits are incredible!"
"Those two in the back are kinda flat."
As they came closer to the doors, the voices grew louder. Sally had to keep her eyes on the ground to focus on walking - but the sight of her bare legs occasionally popping out from behind the cover of her textbooks continuously reminded her of her predicament.
Finally, they stopped just in front of the building's entrance.
"We have to split up here." Claire spoke - almost shouting as the catcalls grew louder. "Amy and I will go to the North building."
"Good luck!" Leah shouted, waving an arm over her head with no regard for her jiggling breast beneath it.
Amy stood there, her eyes seemingly glazed over until Claire reached out an arm and grabbed the redhead's hand, guiding her further away and leaving Leah and Sally alone together, surrounded by leering onlookers. Watching the two naked girls make their way towards a crowd, she felt a deep fear arising that caused her knees to buckle slightly. It wasn't until Leah placed an arm on her shoulder that Sally remembered where she was.
The tall girl gave a smile and the two walked inside together - Leah's warm hands never leaving Sally's shoulder until they were down the hall and in front of her first classroom. Leah's breasts sagged downward as she leaned close to Sally's face, clutching a bit of her hair in one hand as she got uncomfortably near. She could see the girl's individual eyelashes from this close up - she was even more gorgeous at this distance; Not that Sally had any more time to feel inadequate.
"You can do this." Leah whispered. "Stay strong, and remember what we rehearsed." She squeezed Sally's shoulder one more time before standing upright and walking away.
And then Sally was all alone.
In the middle of campus.
Naked.
She was still a bit early to her first class of the day, most of the seats were empty and Sally was able to grab a spot near the back of the classroom where she usually sat. She set her books on the desk in front of her and tried to focus on the texts there. But every so often, her gaze would drift to one side or the other and she saw that almost every eye in the room was on her. Sally gulped.
"Nice outfit."
"What's with the tits?"
"Why is she naked?"
People were already discussing her, the conversations becoming more and more brazen as the class' attention was all on the naked girl sitting in the back row. Sally merely kept her head down, trying not to lose her mind against the stares and comments. She was supposed to say something in response to this inquisition, but could not find the words.
It felt like ages before the professor finally came inside, dismissively quieting down the students as he made his way to the front of the room. When he got to his desk and turned around though, he immediately saw why he was struggling to keep the class calm.
He opened his mouth a few times to speak, clearly struggling with putting a sentence together before finally clearing his throat and asking. "Ma'am, what is the meaning of this... outfit?"
She popped up from her seat, the whole class once again staring at her nudity as she was the center of attention even moreso than before. She opened her mouth to speak but only produced a small squeak from the top of her throat.
"I'm sorry, you'll have to speak up." He said in a professional tone.
"I- I..." Sally stuttered, then, closed her eyes and thought about yesterday and the night afterwards. She thought about the way she'd prepared this speech in her bathroom mirror for this exact moment. Sally spoke.
"I - er, we are participating in a protest to uhm... We're being singled out by the- the rules about... about the dress code." She could barely string more than a few words together.
"Ma'am." The teacher raised his voice. "Perhaps you ought to come to the front of the room to explain yourself to all of your classmates at once."
She felt her limbs grow cold as the teacher gestured her towards the center of the classroom. All of her colleagues were watching eagerly, waiting for the naked girl to pass them by so they could get a better view of her. Suddenly, Sally regretted sitting in the back of the classroom as it only made her trek to the front that much longer.
She stood from her seat and began to shuffle down the aisle. The mumbles of her classmates rose to whispers, then to conversation as they all pointed out her nudity as though they were the first to notice. Sally felt herself getting lightheaded and wanted to grab a nearby desk for balance, but couldn't find one with a student sitting at it who looked trustworthy. She desperately wanted a woman nearby for support - the male to female ratio of Westridge was making itself known.
Once she was finally at the front of the classroom, she could feel her buttocks tightening under the pressure of the whole world staring at it. Part of her wanted to stay facing that wall - that she could pretend they weren't looking at her no matter how naive the thought was. But she committed to this protest and had to see it through. Or at the very least get it overwith.
"I am a participant in a protest!" She found it hard to control the volume of her voice. "The women of Westridge are protesting against the unfair implementation of the new dress code! The new code was designed to single out female students to accrue inequitable disciplinary charges against us! I am naked to call attention to this injustice!"
Her voice was higher and shakier than it had been the night before, but she had managed to finish her speech nonetheless. Upon finishing it, she realized that a few of the people in the class weren't looking at her, but at the only other girl in the classroom who was sitting by herself in the far corner. People gave her taunting requests to go join Sally in her nudity, or they were wondering why Sally had claimed the women were participating in a protest when they couldn't even get the whole gender on board. Others spoke with confusion over the fact that there was even a new dress code in the first place - all but confirming the theory that it was being selectively enforced.
"People always complain about the rules after they break them." The professor scoffed. "Maybe if you were better at doing what you were told you would understand the necessity of order."
Sally looked over her shoulder at the professor, then looked away when she saw his judgemental face. Somehow, the disdain he had for her protest made her feel even more undressed than she was.
"You can return to your seat at your leisure." The teacher chuckled. "Unless you're enjoying the attention too much."
"No. I mean, yes - I mean, I'm not." Sally blushed anew as the classroom started to laugh at her. She tucked her head down and practically ran to her seat, not caring how much of a show she gave to the others as she bounced by.
The rest of the class passed with only a few incidents. Several times a student nearby would pretend to drop something beneath her desk, prompting Sally to squeeze her legs together to block their view although she failed to notice one or two of the attempts and wound up giving them a good show. She could also tell that many students were excusing themselves frequently, taking their time as they passed by her desk at the back to tie a shoe or double-check their pockets.
Sally kept her focus on her work, something the professor also seemed interested in doing as he continued on with the lecture as though nothing were out of the ordinary; At least, he tried to - he stole quite a few glances at Sally himself.
There was a rush of relief over her body when the bell finally rang - a sign that she welcomed on a regular day but welcomed even more as it signaled that she was at least partially through such an agonizing day of classes. As she was near the back of the room (and she had no bag to gather), Sally was able to rush out the door before anybody else could get ready, narrowly beating out the crowd that no doubt would have swarmed the naked girl as soon as they had the chance.
But the hallways proved very little safer.
Later in the morning, the front area of the building she was in was much more crowded than it had been before. Traffic was heavy enough that the few people who stopping in incredulity were quickly pushed along by a line of frustrated students trying to get to their next obligation. At least, until they also noticed the naked girl frozen in the doorway.
Involuntarily, her lips let out a high-pitched squeal as somebody behind her pinched the skin of her left butt cheek between two fingers. She was blocking the exit of the classroom, a mob forming behind her as thick as the crowd in front. Realizing that nothing good could come from staying still, she finally ran out of the room, nearly knocking over a boy she barreled into.
Sally fought traffic as she ran perpendicular to the flow, dozens of people brushing up against her nudity as she ran by - all of them too taken aback by the naked girl suddenly in front of them to react in anything more than letting her by. Her skin was warm where other people's clothing was touching it and at times it even felt as though she was dressed again - though the cold tiles beneath her continuously knocked her out of that fantasy.
She knew she wasn't headed in the right direction to get to her next class, but for now she was searching for a woman - any woman would do - as she felt she would be much safer if she wasn't traveling through the crowds alone. Finally, just outside the front entrance, she was able to find a round-faced girl with her hair tied in a ponytail - immediately clutching the girl's shirt with both hands as she held on to her like a buoy in the ocean.
"What?" The girl shouted. "What do you want?"
"I'm sorry, I just..." Sally didn't know what she wanted. Perhaps she assumed whoever she found for help would instinctively know what to do.
"Get away from me!" The woman shoved Sally back, the naked girl barely managing to keep her balance. She shuddered to think what might happen if the men surrounding her saw her fall flat on her back, legs spread apart by gravity.
Sally didn't blame the other girl for wanting to avoid her. She wanted to avoid herself, too - to step out of her own skin and let automatic movements take over. Her stunt was causing mental stress at the moment and the only thing she was hoping for was somebody to take over - to tell her what to do, where to go, that everything was going to be alright.
She was rescued by the still-nude Leah, her warm hands grasping her shoulder once more.
"Here, come with me." Leah said, her voice hurried but not frantic.
Sally felt her legs moving automatically as she was led through the crowds - people parting to make way (and get a better view) for the two naked woman walking through the hallways. Sally was grateful for her lack of sexy features - more of the eyes were on Leah's chest than hers.
"Are you going to be alright?" Leah's voice brought Sally back to the school - suddenly aware of her surroundings again. "I've got to split up with you here."
"Oh, uh..." Sally started but could not finish her sentence. She simply nodded instead.
Leah's bare butt trotted into the crowds of the school, the slender girl having to turn sideways between two men who were ogling her the whole time. Sally was alone again and quickly pulled her books close to her chest, then saw the next obstacle in her way.
Her next class was upstairs. There would be no way to cover herself from below as the men around her stared up at her slit without uncovering her front. She let out a shaky sigh and resigned herself to walking up the flight.
"Damn, does she shave or is she just hairless?"
"I think she's hairless - you don't see any stubble."
"No dudes, she's gotta wax."
She felt her throat drop when the men didn't immediately follow her up - they kept a bit of distance to get a lower angle at her sex. Despite trying to walk up the stairs with her legs as close as possible, she still felt more exposed than ever and quickened her pace to end the show sooner.
More people stepped back in shock as she made her way into the second-story hallway. She kept her head straight and focused on following the traffic of the students passing through - despite getting uncomfortably close to a few boys on the way, she was finally able to make it to her next classroom.
The door was a welcome comfort from the crowds before - her next classroom being a much smaller size than the class she had just left. But while there were fewer students here, they were also much closer together. Sally didn't mind as much, though, as there would thankfully be somebody else for support this time around.
She hadn't even had the time to set down her books when she felt a presence looming over her. Amy wasn't much taller than Sally was, but the fact that she was sitting added a disparity between them. When she looked up at her naked accomplice, she realized that Amy was on the verge of tears as an uneasy expression rested on her face.
"Sally, right?" Amy flexed her fingers a bit. "I think we should sit at the front."
"What? Why?"
"We just... we should." Amy was breathing heavily and didn't seem in the mood to argue.
Sally grabbed her things from the desk and followed her friend, her eyes focused on the exposed bit of neck between her pigtails. A few people enjoyed the view as they walked by, Sally tightening her buttocks more with each person she passed until they were at the front row, far from where they usually sat together.
Sally took her seat first as Amy was grabbing a few tissues from a box on the teacher's desk that she balled up in her palm.
This class was Physics 101 - a course that covered less than what Sally had learned during high school and thus, something she viewed as a bit of a blow-off class in spite of how much many of the other students seemed to complain. Her professor took the lessons very seriously and tolerated little slacking off but was often too absorbed in teaching to notice when it happened.
He had no trouble finding it today, though, immediately going up to a small green book both girls recognized from their lectures before as the addendum to the dress code. After flipping through the pages fruitlessly, the professor grumbled something to himself and addressed the two nudists at the front of the room.
"Why are you two naked?" He demanded an answer.
Sally swallowed saliva down her dry throat and prepared to give her speech, but Amy stood up before she had the chance to and turned to face the classroom.
"The women of Westridge are protesting against the implementation of the school's new dress code!' Amy started her speech similarly to what Sally had rehearsed. "The new code singles out us ladies - it makes us the center of attention - we get everybody, oh God, looking at us...
"So I got naked - we all got naked so more people would see us... being naked. So they'd know about the rules, too."
There was a confused mutter from the class as Amy smiled with a stupid satisfaction on her face. When she spun her body around to return to her seat, Sally saw a slickness between the other girl's legs that matched her expression.
Afterwards, Sally found herself struggling to pay attention as she could feel dozens of people gazing at her bare back and butt - the seats they found themselves in only supported a bit of the back leaving her cheeks sticking out in full view of anybody behind them. Though that was only half of what was distracting her.
Beneath her desk, Amy was constantly dabbing at her crotch with the tissues she'd grabbed before, muttering something in a whispered voice to herself. She wasn't bothering to take notes at all, barely even sitting upright as she kept her hands beneath the desk, eyes closed. If it was obvious to anybody else what she was doing, they kept their mouths shut.
The bell rang after a few uncomfortable hours next to the excited naked girl. Sally noticed a wet spot on the chair that Amy had just left, the balled up tissues on the floor practically soaked in a slimy substance. It made her begin to question whether her acquaintance would be alright for the rest of the day or if her actions might make the whole protest worse - though there was also a small part of her that enjoyed the fact that she was handling herself better than at least one other person so far.
They had barely left the classroom when Sally felt a hand on the small of her back, guiding her towards the ladies' room.
The women's restrooms at Westridge were a new addition - an obvious affordance for the recent change to their rules that wound up with significantly more restrooms than would ever be realistically demanded. This had the effect of ensuring that these rooms were remarkably clean as nobody ever used them - and Sally was thankful for that fact as otherwise, the idea of her bare feet touching the floor of a public restroom might have made her skin crawl.
"I don't think I can make it much longer." Amy was breathing heavier than before. "All the people staring at me - their eyes on every inch of my body."
"I know it's tough, Amy-" Sally was cut off.
"I LOVE IT!" She said, far too loud. "I don't know what's wrong with me I- I just want more! More people to look! I had no idea I would enjoy this so much... I never would have agreed to it if I had known."
"Amy, you're scaring me a bit." Sally stepped back, but the other naked girl stepped forward.
"Sally..." She muttered. "Sally, Sally, Sally.
"You know, I can never really hit the spot myself. It's always just out of reach. It's somebody who will look at you but never touch you."
"Sally," Amy cleared her throat, "Do you think you could... you know..."
"Wh-what?" Sally covered her face.
"No! Nevermind!" Amy ran over to the sink. "I'm going to splash some cold water on my face and then I'm going to get over this. Just forget i said anything!"
Sally didn't need to be told twice to leave the other girl to her needs. But when she stepped back into the hallway, she almost wished she had another person with her again. The crowds were no better than before, but thankfully she didn't need to travel far to get to her next class.
That next class was her final class of the day, the relief of stepping into a classroom full of stares for the last time washing over her - but it was only Tuesday, so she still had three more days of this to go. That thought made the relief disappear in an instant.
There was one other girl in this class, too. Sally didn't remember her name as they never spoke much, but they did sit next to each other and worked in silence together every time the class met. It felt nice to have a fellow woman next to her in a campus full of men, but today that girl seemed to want nothing to do with her naked classmate.
Sally was able to give her speech on the protest with less hesitation than before, though as soon as she was back at her desk she found herself twiddling a finger around a lock of hair once more. The teacher looked through his copy of the dress code for something to reprimand Sally on but gave up and started with the lesson - though he seemed to call on Sally to answer questions very frequently.
By the time that class was over, Sally was feeling exhausted. Even though she'd been sitting for most of the day, she constantly forced herself to sit with good posture without exposing too much - a position that was getting hard to maintain. When everybody is staring at you, it becomes hard not to overthink the way you do everything.
She left the classroom and entered the hall, eager to get back to the women's dorm and away from all the eyes of her peers. But this was much easier said than done as she had worked her way practically to the opposite side of the campus. Sally clutched her books to her chest and looked for a path with few people, but this time the crowds were behaving differently than before.
People didn't clear paths for her, nor was there any traffic to go with the flow of. As there were few classes this late in the day, the men in the halls were in no rush to get anywhere and found themselves with plenty of time to ogle the naked girl in their midst. Sally found herself becoming self-conscious as she tried to back away from the stares, only to realize she was completely surrounded.
"Ex-excuse... me." She mumbled at nobody in particular. People only got closer to her.
"Drop the books!"
"What the hell were they protesting, again?"
"Who cares, man. She's got her ass out."
Sally realized that nobody intended to let her through. The expressions on the faces of the men surrounding her grew dark as there were more and more demands to show off more of her body. Her knees started to shake and it took all of her energy just to stay upright.
"Outta the way!" A high yet demanding voice called out. "Make some space!"
A tall blonde girl's head poked out of the crowd as a bare arm pushed some of the men out of the way. Two large breasts forced their way into the opening before the rest of Claire's body did. She placed her hand on the small of Sally's back and looked angrily at the crowd surrounding them.
"Step aside!" She pointed at two men with two fingers. "You and you. Move it!"
People listened to her demands - making a small gap for the two girls to pass by as though Claire could part the sea by telling it to. But despite the amount of respect she was demanding, people still made comments about their assets as they passed. Sally was just thankful to be moving again.
The crowds grew thinner the further they got from the main buildings of the campus. Fewer people were whistling or commenting or pointing as they went on together - but Claire still kept her hand firmly on Sally's body to guide her. She didn't mind.
Eventually, even the streetlights had given up on them as the two naked girls found their way to the dimly-lit front entrance as Claire produced a key from an elastic band she had around her wrist.
The women's dorm was much dingier than the rest of the campus due to the limited amount of use it ever saw. When Westridge was forced to integrate, the school was required to make some accommodations for the female students entering and, not wanting to spend any more than they had to, the administration took the building in need of the most repairs and labelled it as the women's dormitory.
This naturally meant that the remaining dorms became overcrowded as many of the male students were forced to live in off-campus housing to accommodate the new arrivals - something that caused many of the guys to resent their new classmates.
Amy and Leah were already waiting inside on the late arrivals. Amy had on a skirt that went down to her shins with a long-sleeved sweater over it while Leah had a pair of slacks and a modest blouse. Sally felt a bit awkward being naked in front of them but they seemed to avert their gazes as she walked by to get to her dorm room.
After quickly putting on an oversized hoodie and some jeans, Sally joined the rest including a bathrobe-clad Claire who mentioned she was going to shower as soon as this debriefing was over.
"So, how much longer do we have to do this?" Claire started.
"Until we're either expelled or accepted." Leah made a fist, but realized that nobody else seemed to share her enthusiasm. "Until the end of the week, at most."
"No..." Sally whispered, loud enough for the others to hear. "I don't think I can do this for another three days."
"It will get easier." Leah put her hand on Sally's. "Today was the hardest part - tomorrow will be easier."
"God, I hope so." Claire shuddered. "'Can't tell you how many hands I had to slap away. The boys in the political science classes really don't know how to take no for an answer."
"Tell me about it." Leah relaxed a bit. "One of my professors basically felt me up when I tried to explain the protest. Although, he was usually pretty handsy anyway."
"I can not believe it..." Amy muttered, her head on the table. "I can not believe I acted in such a way..."
"You alright?" Leah asked. "You need some tea or something?"
"Amy is just a bit - er..." Sally covered for her. "She's probably dehydrated, is all."
"I hope that's all." Leah sighed. "I'd hate for her to drop out."
"Honestly, if she dropped out I might do so as well." Claire admitted. "It felt like people were more engaged with our bodies than with our message."
"I said my thing." Sally stated. "I told them why we were doing it."
"As did I." Leah nodded. "Doubt it helped much.
"Shoot. Even I have to admit I'm having my doubts."
They sat around the table in silence, the lone lightbulb hanging overhead illuminating the shot of the four dejected souls, worrying that their efforts in the previous day were all for nothing.
But then, two women entered the room.
This in and of itself was not unusual as they were in the women's dormitory - but these girls seemed to have entered with a purpose (and were admittedly a bit shocked to see that the four protestors from before were all clothed).
"Excuse me," One of the girls asked. "Are you four the ones who... you know..."
"Yeah, we are." Leah crossed her arms.
"I'm so sorry!" The other girl shouted. Sally looked over at her and recognized both faces.
One was the chubby girl she'd accosted in the hallways after her first class - the other was her friend from the last block.
"I was kind of rude because I didn't know what to do!" She continued on. "It's not that I didn't want to help you, i just... I'm sorry."
"I feel the same way." The first girl said. "I completely support the protest, I just... didn't participate."
"Well, there's no time like the present." Claire chuckled. The other girls laughed too, but didn't seem to acknowledge the actual request.
"Thank you both." Leah smiled. "The fact that we're being recognized is why we're fighting. Keep cheering us on, okay?"
The girls nodded and went back to their dorm rooms, leaving the nudists from before in a much brighter mood. They were able to start sharing their experiences that day more openly (though Amy still kept her behavior a secret) and the night soon began in earnest as the last few moments of natural light faded away into cold darkness. They all began to go their separate ways after making plans to reconvene there the following morning.
"Remember!" Leah shouted over her shoulder. "Today was the hardest part; Tomorrow will be much easier."
"That's a promise!"
* * *
Somewhere, in a basement room on the Westridge campus, six men were gathered around a table surrounded by the smoke of cigars that blotted out the dim, unnatural light above them.
"So, you all hear about this protest thing?" One man spoke, setting down a few cards on the table.
"Those women? Bah." A stocky man called. "Running about naked like they'll change something."
"Hey, maybe they've somethin' going, here." A flamboyantly-dressed man leaned over to grab a beer from a nearby tray, pinching the butt of the woman who was holding it. "We oughta make that their uniform full time."
"I think you're underestimating the severity of the matter." A man dressed better than the rest sifted a glass of wine in his hands. "This issue could grow to be too large to contain."
"Bah! So what!" The stocky man called out. "Just start dress-coding them for bein' nude. Obscenity's been against the rules since it was founded."
"This isn't a matter of rules or no rules." Another man with his hair slicked back was staring out the window. "Simply enforcing our existing rules only makes their protest more valid. That's what they were arguing against in the first place, try to keep up."
"Then what the hell am I supposed to do about it?" He complained. "Where's that beer girl? Bring her over here."
"We can't force them to stop protesting or else they become martyrs for their cause..." The dean was staring at his palms. "But if they were to quit on their own..."
"Ah... don't enforce the rules." The flamboyant man laughed. "So we just look the other way when some of the boys do this." He slapped the beer girl's ass.
"Or maybe we start doin' some of this!" Another man squeezed her breast, reaching his hand underneath her shirt as she tried to pull away.
"Leave my secretary alone." The man in the middle of the room spoke, though his heart didn't seem too into the demand. "But you're correct about what our approach ought to be.
"Gentlemen, starting tomorrow I want you to do everything legally within your power to humiliate and degrade these women. I want you all to ensure that these protestors rue the day they decided to go against us."
They raised their glasses in a toast.