Note: This is my first multi-part story. I hope you enjoy all of the upcoming sessions.
****************************************************************************
***Session 1
"Right this way," said the friendly receptionist with a distinct Southern accent, standing up from her desk. She flashed a welcoming smile, led me down a short hallway, and ushered me into the first room on the left.
Inside the small, utilitarian office stood a metal desk with a computer and plush office chair. Bookshelves lined the far wall, with generic knick-knacks and a decorative clock punctuating the rows of academic tomes. On the right was a long brown comfortable-looking couch.
"Now you just get comfy right there," said the receptionist gesturing to the couch, "the doctor will be here in no time at all." She turned to leave the room, paused to give me a wink, and said in an encouraging voice "You're going to do great!" Then she closed the door behind her.
As I waited, I looked closer at the books. Titles such as "Cognitive Therapy for Depression," "Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction," and "Acceptance and Commitment Therapy" left no secret about what was about to happen. Looking at the desk, I noticed that about half of the wall was taken up by a large window with closed blinds. I was pondering the layout of the building, certain that it was not an external wall, when the door opened.
"Hi, I'm Madeline Duke, I'm the lead clinical psychologist here. It's a pleasure to meet you." She smiled and extended her hand. I stood up to greet her.
"Good to meet you too, Dr. Duke."
"Please, Madeline is fine."
"Ok, Dr. Madeline," I replied unable to shake some level of formality. I was nervous, I could feel that my body was tensed up. I'd never had a female therapist before, but I didn't want her to know that I was a little uncomfortable with that.
She was tall, almost eye-to-eye with me due to her long-heeled knee-high boots. She looked to be about my age and had naturally tan skin. Her hair was long, almost black, and tied up in a bun. Dark-rimmed glasses sat above high cheek bones and she flashed a warm and welcoming smile with dark red lips.
The doctor was also impeccably dressed. She wore a neat, short black skirt that clung to wide-set hips and a white blouse that was loose around her waist, but which stretched around her bust at the top. The blouse was almost translucent allowing the faintest view of a ruffled dark brassiere beneath. She wore a stylish black necklace with a long dangling segment that pointed straight down to where two opened buttons allowed a hint of cleavage to show. Her outfit was perfectly professional, but there was no denying it also had a hint of provocativeness.
"Please have a seat," she said as I returned to the couch. She sat in the desk chair, turned towards me and away from the desk. She folded her left leg over the right, which pulled her skirt so far up her bare legs that I could see right to where her thigh gave way to her generous ass. She continued, "I've read the intake report, but I'd love to hear a bit more detail about these anxious experiences you've been having."
"Well, as I mentioned, about two or three times a week, I get this feeling like I'm dying or something. This started about six months ago and I can't seem to shake it."
"What symptoms do you get specifically?"
"My heart starts pounding, I'm sweating, shaking, I feel like I'm choking, I flush, and ultimately I feel like I'm having a heart attack and am going to pass out!"
"I see," said Dr. Madeline. "These are common symptoms of a panic attack. When do you tend to have them?"
"It happens at home, at night, usually close to bedtime."
"I'm so sorry to hear this," she replied. She looked sincerely concerned and I began to feel more relaxed. It was good to be able to tell someone about these experiences.
"I want to ask you," Dr. Madeline continued, "have you been avoiding going anywhere or doing anything as a result of these panic attacks?"
"Well..." I hesitated.
She leaned towards me, looking at me directly in the eyes. Her chest rose and fell with her breath, challenging the closed third button on her blouse to hold tight. My tension rose again, but something in her voice and posture made me feel like I could trust this woman.
"I've been avoiding having sex with my wife," I managed, looking away from her gaze, feeling ashamed. "When we do, it brings out all of these feelings, and the first time it happened was while we were having sex and I ended up in the hospital thinking my heart was going to explode. Since then, we haven't had relations."
"Thank you for sharing that with me. I imagine that was hard to say, but we will make faster progress if you can be honest with me. I hope I can earn your trust."
The reality hit me that I had just told a complete stranger that I hadn't had sex in half a year.
She continued, "Can I ask you something else? I noticed that you don't have children. How long have you been married?"
"Five years," I replied.
"Wonderful!" she beamed genuinely. "Have you thought about starting a family?"
"Yes, actually, just this year my wife and I were reviewing our finances and we concluded that we think we are ready to have a child. Then all this started happening, so we've put that on the back burner for now."
"Interesting." Dr. Madeline's eyes lit up and one of her manicured eyebrows raised slightly. "Do you think there could be any connection between these things?"
I was a little stunned. I was pretty sure that I wanted to have children. Sure, I didn't tell my wife about all of the reservations I was having. But still, theoretically, I wanted to have children...eventually.
"I like kids, I do see myself having them someday. But...I guess I do have some concerns about becoming a parent. I mean, you probably, know how hard it is - you have kids right?"
She touched the wedding ring on her finger, hesitating for a moment, then said "Well, these sessions are about you, not me, but I'll answer. No, I don't have children."
"Oh, well, then maybe we're in the same boat? You know that having kids might change your whole life, and not necessarily for the better! Who can really know they are ready?"
"Mmm," she replied, looking introspective, but revealing nothing.
After a moment of silence, Dr. Madeline spoke again. "Well, my official diagnosis is panic disorder. I have good news for you, though, this is a disorder that we have excellent non-pharmaceutical treatments for. The first thing you should know is that there is nothing wrong with your body. You aren't dying and your heart isn't exploding."
"Well, that's a relief to hear, Doctor Madeline." I replied, and it was!
"People with panic disorder have a fear of their body's internal sensations. They might feel their heart pounding a little bit after a fast walk, when something surprising happens--or even while their partner's tongue is teasing their...private area." She gave a coy smile as she said this, and her eyes definitely flitted down to my crotch. I felt a jolt of arousal in my body. Great, not having sex for so long was making me like a hormonal teenager again. Next thing you know I was going to have to try to hide a pants tent!
"Because these individuals fear those sensations, noticing the heartbeat produces anxiety. And anxiety produces more physical sensations--faster heartbeat, sweating, everything you described. Of course, with additional sensations only increase the anxiety, which in turn increases the sensations, and so on. It's a vicious cycle, the culmination of which is a panic attack."
"I see, it makes sense. So how do I stop them doctor?"
"The approach I take is called interoceptive exposure. This means we have to find ways to expose you to those feared sensations in a controlled way so that you start to learn that these are not danger signals, it is just your body's sympathetic nervous system doing exactly what it's supposed to do. With enough exposure, you'll stop fearing those sensations, and the vicious cycle will be broken."
"I have to warn you," she continued, suddenly looking at me gravely, "the primary reason this therapy doesn't work for some people is that the feelings get too intense and people drop out. If we're going to do this, I want you to fully commit to the treatment, no matter how strange the behavioral exercises seem or how uncomfortable they might make you feel. Do you understand this?"
"I'll do anything to get rid of these panic attacks, Dr. Madeline!"
"Great, but I need to hear you say that you commit to the treatment." Her eyes felt like they were piercing through me. I could tell this was going to be hard, but I was resolved to conquer these panic attacks.
"Yes, I am fully committed. I will face these fears. When can we start?"
"Wonderful!" she said, softening. "We'll begin today. The first thing we have to do is find something that produces feelings in your body that are similar to when you are having a panic attack. I'd like to try a few exercises. I'll do everything alongside you to show you it's safe. As we do this, I want you to raise your hand up if you start feeling the sensations you get in your body before a panic attack."
"Ok," I agreed, eager to see what came next.
"First let's do hyperventilating. I want you to breathe in regularly, but out very quickly over and over again."
She showed me how and soon we were both sitting in the room huffing and puffing at each other. I felt a little silly. I looked at Dr. Madeline, and I saw her chest rising and falling with each breath. Suddenly the top button of her blouse lost the war and came open.
She didn't seem to notice, but now fully a third of each of her large breasts was exposed. Her cleavage extended endlessly down and the mounds vibrated with every exhalation. The heavy breathing now seemed sensual. Was this what Dr. Madeline sounded like when she rode her husband at night? I felt my cock start to stir with more determination.
"Ok, stop," said Dr. Madeline. "You didn't raise your hand, so that must not be working. Next, we'll try jumping jacks."
She stood up in front of me and beckoned me off the couch. "One, two, three, go!" she cheered, and we both started flapping our arms and legs in the room.
If the hyperventilating was awkward, this was worse. I must have looked like a complete fool. But then I brought my attention to Dr. Madeline. Her slightly freed breasts bounced up, up, and further up until I could see the frills of her lacy black bra start to emerge. I could now observe just how huge they were as they strained to free themselves altogether.
"Stop again," said the psychologist. I quickly sat down to try to obscure the bulge in my pants. "I guess that didn't do it either. Next up is head lifts."
She sat down in the chair and told me to watch her. Dr. Madeline leaned forward until her head was between her knees. "Now we hold this for a few seconds...then, lift your head up very quickly!"
"Ok," I said, "I think I get it."
I bent at the waist and got my head down as far as I could. I tilted my head up a bit to look over at Dr. Madeline to see if I was doing it right. When I did, I realized I could see right down her blouse to get a full view of her tits hanging loosely. Her right nipple was exposed, probably from the jumping jacks, and I saw a large dark areola topped with a thick fleshy tip. My dick came to full attention.
"Now lift!" said Dr. Madeline, so I did. She looked at me. "Nothing, huh? Ok, last thing for today, we'll try spinning."
We stood and Dr. Madeline instructed me to spin in place for a while. Around and around we went for about a minute until she eventually said "Stop!"
Upon stopping, however, we both felt dizzy. At the same time, we each grabbed for the desk chair and it rolled under our combined weight. The momentum sent us crashing into one another and hurtling downward. Dr. Madeline fell on top of me and the next thing I knew, my head hit the floor. Something plugged my mouth and the world smelled like flowers.
Opening my eyes, I was staring at Dr. Madeline's collarbone. I figured out what was in my mouth: it was her right nipple. It was wedged between my lips and I instinctively circled it with my tongue and gently sucked. My cock went rigid as it pressed against Dr. Madeline's thigh.
Trying to inhale, I found my breath cut off by the weight of her enormous breast. My heart began to race and I started getting the sensations that happen right before my panic attacks. I raised my hand up.
Dr. Madeline started sliding her leg along my member as she attempted to get up. The friction sent a jolt of pleasure through me and a flow of lubrication and precum oozed from my shaft, saturating my pants and leaving a slick streak on her bare thigh.
I don't know if she noticed, but Dr. Madeline quickly stood up, turning away from me to rebutton her blouse. Then, she faced me again with a distraught look on her face.
"I'm so sorry about that!" she said. "That wasn't supposed to happen! Are you ok?"
"Yes," I answered, standing up and dusting myself off. "I'm sorry too!"
"You have nothing to be sorry for," she said quickly. Then she glanced at the clock.
"Unfortunately, our time is up and we haven't yet found out what brings on the panic symptoms for you. I'll give it some thought this week and hopefully there won't be any mishaps like this at your next session. You are planning to come back, right?"
"I will definitely be back," I replied. "I'll see you next week."
As she straightened her skirt, Dr. Madeline's fingers dipped into the slick spot on her thigh. She paused, and idly traced her fingertip up and down the streak. Then she looked at me suddenly with eyes that seemed to be sizing me up. "Ok, next week then," was all she said.
I walked down the hallway reflecting on what had happened. I was encouraged that there might actually be a treatment that could help get rid of these panic attacks. I was also horny as hell. When I pulled into my driveway, I started thinking that maybe tonight I could finally be with my wife. A vision of thrusting into her unprotected pussy flashed into my head.
"Come on, put a baby in me!" she was saying. That's when I felt the pounding in my heart. Within minutes I was gasping for air, certain I was about to die.
***Session 2
"Now I'm just threeelled to see you back!" the receptionist said, flashing an inviting smile. "A lot of folks skedaddle after just one session, but from what I can tell you got to stick with it to really see progress."
She stood to greet me and I looked at her more closely. She appeared to be in her 30s and had a very maternal appearance: a round face with a warm expression and more than a few extra pounds on her hips. Her hair was auburn red and cut in a bob to her chin. Covered only by minimalistic makeup, her skin was light and freckled. She wore a lightweight pink sweater and plus-size stretch jeans. A lanyard ran over her abundant bosom and a badge dangled over the precipice of her chest with the name "Janet" on it.
"Well, good, that's very encouraging," I answered somewhat awkwardly, taken aback a little by her commentary on my treatment.
"You're in good hands with Maddie!" Janet declared then directed me to the same room as last week and I sat on the couch. Soon, Dr. Madeline Duke appeared and took her seat. Her attire was very similar to the previous week, except she wore a blue blouse instead of white.
She asked me how I was doing and how the week had been. I reported the panic attack that happened right after our session and Dr. Madeline nodded her head.
"It sounds like this is still the right place for you!" she said jokingly in a way that eased the discomfort I felt from having to tell her that my panic came back.
Dr. Madeline continued, "Listen, I think you're aware that this is a training clinic. After considering your case, I'd like to assign you to continue your work with one of our externs."
"Sure, that's ok with me," I said, but I actually felt a little disappointed that I wasn't going to get more time with Dr. Madeline. Was she upset about what had happened last week when we fell?
"Great!"
She rose and opened the door. A moment later a much younger woman entered the room.
"This is Seema Arunath, she's a 2ndyear doctoral student who is externing at our clinic"
Seema approached me, somewhat shyly, and shook my hand. She was athletic and slight in build overall. She wore a burgundy silk camisole that was close fitting to her modest breasts and a black cardigan that draped loosely at her sides. A tight black skirt, even shorter than Dr. Madeline's, stretched snugly over her muscular, taut ass, which bulged out disproportionately from her compact frame.
The extern's face was captivating. Her dark complexion and deep golden-brown irises contrasted with the large white surround of her eyes. Long lashes sporting mascara sat beneath large black eyebrows with carefully maintained edges. The same burgundy she was wearing was featured in her eyeshadow. Her lipstick too was this deep red color and it accentuated the undulating path of her generous lips. Completing the look was her full-bodied black hair that she left down, allowing the wavy ringlets to freely bounce around her shoulder blades and chest.
Dr. Madeline walked to the window on the desk wall. "You're in good hands with Seema, but just so you know, I'll be observing the session as part of her training." She raised the blinds from the strangely placed window, revealing it to be a mirror.
"This is one-way glass. Behind this is an observation room where I'll be. It's a little strange at first, but most people start to forget it's there after a while."
After a quick check in with Seema, Dr. Madeline left the office and I heard the door to the adjacent room open and shut.
"Have a seat and we'll get started," said Seema in a professional tone.
She continued, "I read over what you've done so far with Dr. Duke and what didn't work, so I think I can pick up where she left off. Could I ask you what you were doing when you had your panic attack this week?"
"I was in my car right after the session, I had gotten home and just before I left the car it came over me."
"I see," said Seema. "And had anything happened on your drive home?"
"Nothing I can remember."
"Ok, so were you having any thoughts at the time."
"Well, I was thinking about my wife."
"I see...anything in particular about her?"
I hesitated. I didn't really want to talk about this with Seema. She looked no more than 23 years old and, though gorgeous, also quite innocent.
"I mean, I was thinking about how much I wanted to be a better partner to her."
"And that is what caused your heart to race?" Seema looked puzzled.
"Well, maybe it was more than that..."
"Hmm," Seema started, then she picked up on my intonation. "Oh! You were, um, having intimate thoughts about her?"
"Yes, you got it, I started thinking about what we'd need to do to start a family."
"Physically, you mean?" She was keeping things very clinical.
"Yes."
She shifted uncomfortably in her chair and her eyes quickly darted towards the mirror and back to me.
"Ok, well, the thing is, the best step for us to take next, since the generic exercises didn't really work for you last week, is to try to get your heart rate up by approximating the triggering events in your real life. Would you say that most of your panic attacks have come up when you are thinking about...intercourse?"
I paused for a moment, trying to remember while ignoring the incredible awkwardness of her demeanor.
"You know what, now that you mention it, it first started happening right before my wife and I had sex and I do think that many of the attacks I've had since then happen when I'm, uh..."
I looked at Seema. She was nervously chewing the tip of her pen, watching me intently with her dramatic eyes.
"When I'm touching myself."
She breathed in deeply and then continued after a pause that was just long enough to be awkward.
"Well. We can't do that here, of course. But maybe we can still produce the effect with different methods. The first thing we should try is visualization."
"Sounds fine to me," I replied, eager to move on.
"What I'd like you to do is sit comfortably in your chair and close your eyes."
I followed each of Seema's instructions. Her voice was deeper than I expected and soothing.
"I want you to imagine that you're with your wife, in your bedroom. She's wearing her best lingerie. You are in the bed, waiting for her, unclothed. She approaches the bed and removes her clothing. Imagine what her body looks like. Reach out and imagine touching her bosom and her skin. Now she gets into bed with you and lies down. She asks you to begin to make love to her. Let me check in--where are you on subjective units of distress, or SUDS, on a scale from 1 to 10 right now? That is, how high is your feeling of panic?"
The formality with which Seema described the scene was distracting. Nothing was happening for me.
"Well, honestly, I'm a zero," I said.
"Ok, well, how can I describe it differently that might help you to generate that discomfort you felt?"
I opened my eyes. "I think that, maybe, you need to be a little more...graphic in your description."
Seema's lips pursed and she seemed to shrink just slightly into the desk chair. She took another deep breath. "Ok, I can do that." She seemed to be saying this more to herself than to me.
I closed my eyes and she started over.
"Your wife is in bed with you. She reaches out and starts to touch your penis. She's playing with it and you get very hard. She looks you in the eyes and lays back on the bed, spreading her legs. She's inviting you inside. She says that she really wants to feel you inside of her. You oblige her and lay on top of her, entering her vagina completely. She feels good. Could you tell me your SUDS rating now?"
"One," I answered. I guess this was an improvement, but I was thinking much more about Seema's bland narration than on actually having sex.
"This isn't working either," Seema said, looking frustrated. "Well, what would your wife say to you in this moment?"
"Honestly, she's really quiet during sex. I wish she would say more, but it just doesn't come naturally for her."
"Hmm, well, I have to get this to work!" She looked at the mirror again, this time lingering and looking very anxious. "Ok, I can do better. Please close your eyes."
I did so. I heard Seema take a deep breath before she began to speak.
"You are inside your wife. She starts to moan."
Then, instead of talking, Seema herself started to moan in her deep breathy voice. Almost instantly, my dick started rising.
"Mmmmm. Uuuuunnnnn. Yessssss. AAAAHHHH!"
Seema was getting louder and more insistent.
"Oooh, that's so good. You're so deep inside me."
She had my attention.
"Fuck me harder! MMMMMmmmmm. Fuck me deeper!"
My heart rate started to rise.
"Fuck that long hard pole deep into my slick needy cunny!"
I peeked my eyes open and saw that Seema had closed her own. Her hands were at her sides clenched into fists. The points of her nipples had hardened and were conspicuously protruding out from her silk blouse.
"Oh, you're so big. Fuck me harder. I need your thick veiny shaft stretching me out. My pussy wants to drain the cum out of you. You're making me cum! AHHH! AAAAHHH! AAAAAHHHH!"
I couldn't believe how dirty she had become. My heart was now actually pounding.
"AAAAAAHHH!!" she gasped, then abruptly, in her regular voice, "What's your SUDS now?"
"Eight," I said, both stunned and anxious.
"Ok, great, we did it!" Seema replied with a giddy lilt, "Now remember that this feeling you're having in your body isn't dangerous, you aren't dying, and it will come down on its own."
We waited silently in the room while my pulse slackened, my dick shrunk, and Seema's nipples retreated.
"I'm happy that worked, but I think we need to find something that works even better. Unfortunately, I'm at the limit of what I can say to you in the imaginal exposure." She smiled at me, her success at getting my blood pumping seemed to have emboldened her.
"We need a real visual stimulus next. Usually, we'd watch YouTube clips of the things that a client is afraid of, but in your case, I'm thinking we might have to utilize a pornographic website. I'm sure this seems odd, but I assure you it's all standard practice. Do you consent to this?"
"Sure," I said, remembering my commitment to the treatment, but not sure exactly what she was planning.
"Ok, so can you tell me what part of my visualization got your symptoms up the most?"
"Ha, well, it was when you said your pussy wanted to drain the cum out of me," I said with a smile.
Even through Seema's dark skin, I could see her blushing. "Well, that was your wife's...vagina...saying that, of course! But, I think I'm beginning to understand. It seems your fears are related to starting a family with her. The act of insemination might be your trigger."
I could sense the truth in what she was saying and was speechless. I nodded in affirmation. Seema was more skilled than she appeared.
"Please come over here and sit at the computer."
I obliged, and Seema sat on the couch behind me.
"Can you please navigate to a website that will play adult videos?"
I entered in a familiar address, and the screen was filled with lewd thumbnail previews.
"Good," Seema continued, "now let's try a relevant keyword. Maybe 'impregnate' will work?"
As I typed the word, I became aware of the one-way glass again. Was Dr. Madeline observing all of this? The way the room was set up, she wouldn't have a good view of the desk and couldn't see what's on the monitor, but still. Making me feel even more self-conscious was that, in the reflection of the glass, I could clearly see Seema sitting on the couch with her clipboard in her lap, watching me.
"Read some of the titles, please," instructed Seema.
"Ok, um, 'Lucky Dude Gets to Impregnate his Aunt,' 'Oops I Impregnated my Sister,' 'Lonely Mom Wants me to Impregnate her'."
Seema laughed. "Somewhere Freud is saying 'I TOLD you so!' Let's skip the incest stuff. Anything else look promising?"
"How about 'British Guy Impregnates his Neighbor's Wife'?" I offered.
"Close enough, go ahead and play it."
I clicked on the video. Almost immediately I regretted it. The neighbor's wife was an Indian woman not much older than Seema. I glanced at Seema in the reflection, but she didn't seem to have a reaction.
The video was pretty standard for porn. They had a flirty conversation that soon led to the woman touching the guy, taking off her clothes, and then opening his pants to start sucking him off. Her dark lips wrapped around his large cock and she soon started to deepthroat him.
"You can skip all this oral stuff," came Seema's voice from behind me. "We want to get to the parts that will more likely trigger you."
I scanned forward a bit, and soon the woman spread her tan legs and beckoned for the man to penetrate her. He wasted no time, thrusting into her with force, producing groans of pleasure that were just slightly over-acted.
The actors had been fucking for a few minutes when Seema said, "What's your SUDS now?"
"Four," I answered.
"Hmm, that's no good. Do you need a different video?"
"No," I replied, "I think it's more that I can't really get into it just watching it."
"Ah, so, you mean maybe we need it to be more interactive?"
"I think so, yes."
Seema looked like she was weighing something. She glanced at the one-way glass. "Ok, your trigger is so specific, we might have to allow some things that are not standard clinical practice. If you're comfortable with it, you could open your pants and use your hand. If you're ever going to get over your attacks, we need to do whatever we can to find the situation that will reliably produce the panic symptoms"
Exposing myself to this sexy student seemed wrong somehow, but I'd already gone this far, what was a little more? I took her up on the suggestion and soon my pants were around my ankles and my hand around my member, which was sticking out through the fly of my boxers.
On the video, the woman was riding on top of the guy. She was bucking her hips and engulfing his cock between the dusky lips of her pussy. Her moans were high-pitched and quite sincere now. His hips rose to meet her downward thrusts. They were really going at it, and it was turning me on. My cock hardened in my hand and soon I was jacking in rhythm with the action.
"What's your SUDS now?" Seema said, quieter than before.
"Five" I said. I shot a look in the mirror and saw that she was staring down at my crotch. Her nipples were hard again, so pronounced now that it was clear she wasn't wearing a bra. Her legs were parted and from my angle I could see right up her skirt to a pair of dark red panties. Trying not to get caught, I looked back at the computer.
The couple shifted to doggy-style. "You're so deep!" the woman said. "Please don't stop!" The guy was beginning to grunt now too.
"Uh, SUDS?" Seema said, sounding like she was holding her breath.
"Five again," I answered.
"Let's keep going."
I shifted my eyes slightly to look in the mirror again. She wasn't watching where I was looking. Her gaze was still fixed on my hand pumping my hard shaft. Then I looked lower. Seema had moved her left hand down between her legs. One of her fingers was tracing a path up and down the center of her red panties. "This is the real show!" I thought.
"Yes, give it to me!" the woman on the video was yelling. I moved my had a little to give Seema a better view. She had left the clipboard on her lap, effectively blocking anyone behind the mirror from seeing what she was doing. Her right hand now joined the left and slid the fabric of her panties to the side. Her index finger quickly found her engorged clit and flicked across it. Her other fingers spread herself open to display a brilliant pink that contrasted with the protruding dark flaps of her pussy. Thick dark hair adorned her womanhood. She was glistening and her thin brown fingers easily glided up and down her slit.
Seema closed her eyes and started breathing heavily. "SUDS?" she gasped.
"Maybe seven," I replied. I had started feeling some tightness in my chest.
"Oh, a breakthrough! Please keep going" she said in an urgent voice that sounded more like the woman on the video than my therapist. "I need you at a--mmmph--ten."
On the video the woman said, "Let it go. I want it. Do it. Cum inside me!"
Three of Seema's fingers disappeared into her pussy. Her ass jolted up from the chair, her mouth opened wide, and her whole body trembled for just a moment. Then her eyes popped open in alarm.
"That's your trigger, right?" she exhaled. "What's your SUDS now!?"
I was starting to really feel my heart now. "Eight," I said.
"Great, but we need it higher for this to work," she said almost desperately. A look of determination appeared on her face. Seema stood and walked over to my chair. She positioned herself on the right side of me at an angle that was too tight to be seen from the observation room.
Seema put one hand on the back of my chair and leaned close to me. So close, that I could feel the contours of one of her erect nipples rubbing against my shoulder.
"Do you see how much she wants him to unload into her?" Seema whispered in my ear. "She needs his sperm to make her belly swell." I started picking up the pace with my hand.
Almost on cue, the woman in the video demanded, "Fill me up!" The guy's leg muscles were starting to tense up.
"SUDS?" said Seema in a jarringly normal voice.
"Nine," I declared. My heart was racing, and the panic was starting to overwhelm me. I felt my cock start to lose some of its rigidity. "Seema, I'm not so sure about this. I think I should stop"
The guy was really going at it now. He wasn't going to last much longer.
"You'll be ok. Remember you committed to this. We're so close..." Seema trailed off.
Then, I felt something on my balls. Looking down, I saw Seema's dark hand cupping them. She started gently pulling and teasing them.
"Um..." I started.
Seema was purring in my ear. "You can do this, let the sensations come, you aren't going to die," she reassured me. Her other hand pushed mine away and wrapped around my shaft and I hardened again. Her palm was slick from her own juices and she started firmly stroking up and down. She continued massaging my testicles, which were heavy and full.
My heart felt like it was going to burst. The panic attack was coming. I couldn't stop it.
"Give it all to me! Make me a mommy!" the woman on the video was saying.
My breathing was getting out of control. I started trembling. My vision was fading.
Seema's tongue touched my earlobe. "Now," she said. "close your eyes."
I didn't need to. The world was already going black and I was certain I was on the verge of losing consciousness.
"Did you notice how wet you made my little brown cunt?" It was not the woman in the video, but Seema.
Shit, she had caught me!
"Picture yourself sliding in and out of me." Seema was almost hissing now, but so close to my ear that Dr. Madeline wouldn't hear her. "I want you to let it out for me. It's ok."
I gasped frantically for air at the same time as my balls started to spasm.
"Don't stop until you've released every drop into my tight young pussy."
This sent me over the edge. Instead of passing out, two strong bursts of cum leaped from me and onto the wall under the desk. Seema moved one hand to block and the next few spurts painted pearlescent streaks across her long dark fingers. A few final residual spasms released oozing seed down the back of her other hand, which was still grasping my length.
My vision cleared. I couldn't believe it--I didn't have a panic attack!
"What was your maximum SUDS during that exercise?" Seema said, suddenly shifting back to a professional voice. She started wiping my semen off with nearby tissues.
"It was definitely a ten."
"And where is your SUDS now?"
"Two"
"Wonderful!" Seema stepped out to the middle of the room and oriented proudly toward the one-way glass as she spoke. "And you survived! I'd say this was a successful exposure session!"
I wasn't fully clear on what had happened. Was this a professional interaction or something more? Had I just cheated on my wife?
Seema read me like a book. "Remember, to conquer these panic attacks and help you improve your relations with your wife, we're going to have to take drastic actions. I hope you see that I am fully committed to helping you through this. I hope you too can continue to fully participate in your treatment."
I felt less guilty after hearing this. "Thank you, Seema, I can see you are giving it your all."
The innocent look had returned to her face, and she gave me a cute smile. "Our time is up for today. Your homework is to practice this exercise with the pornographic video three times a day, every day. Don't forget all that we did here and try to re-enact it in your practice."
With that, Seema left the room.
I zipped up my pants and headed to my car. That week, I did practice three times a day. I never got to a ten again, though. Soon, I wasn't even getting above 4. It seemed like this therapy was really working!
Things seemed so good that, the night before my next session, I thought I might be ready to try sex with my wife again. I pulled her into the bedroom, eager to test my progress. The excitement shone in her eyes. But then, just minutes after we took our clothes off, I was kneeling on the floor, convinced I was having a heart attack.