"Brian O'Driscoll is the greatest player to ever walk onto the pitch, and I'll die defending that," Porter said, getting overly dramatic. My three mates and I were a few bevs in, despite it being only mid-afternoon. But this was common when we got together like this.
"Porter, for the last time. No one here is going to argue rugby with you. None of us can even name another player," Todd said, slapping the table. The four of us were lined around the breakfast table, looking out to the pool. Normally, we would be outside by the pool, but today, we were content watching the water from the windows. It was a hot June Saturday. All the windows were closed except a single one in the corner of the room.
"You spent one week in Ireland two years ago, and you've been obsessed with that sport ever since. That's fine and all, but you aren't going to convince the rest of us to start watching it," Landon said, annoyed the topic of rugby had come up again in conversation. Porter got the message and let that topic die down. We sat in silence for a bit, nursing our latest pint.
My wife, Madilyn, came into view in the backyard outside the window where we were all sitting. She was wearing a purple halter bikini top and matching high-waist bottoms. Far from a scandalous swimsuit, the ample curves of her body made it a pleasant view for anyone. She was clearing leaves out of the pool in preparation for doing her daily laps. Continuously walking around the pool's perimeter, trying to grab every errant leaf, she gave the boys and me a full 360-degree view of her bikini-clad body.
The boys adjusted in their seats uncomfortably. You could tell they wanted to watch my wife as much as possible but didn't want to be caught staring. They scanned their gaze across the whole backyard with a noticeable pause when facing Madilyn. They also continued to remain silent. The distraction was wholly occupying their minds, along with likely more provocative thoughts related to my wife. I couldn't help but smile. I've long known my three friends are greatly attracted to my wife, although they never speak of it around me. Sure, they may say she's beautiful, and I'm a lucky man. But in private, when I'm not in earshot, or so they think, they speak about her using much more colorful language.
"The way her tits bounce when she walks is incredible."
"Did you see how that dress she wore hugged her plump ass so perfectly? Gods, if I could get my hands on it..."
"Those lips of hers were made to wrap around a cock. Maybe even mine. If only for a single day."
These were all things I heard them say to each other about my wife after pretending to leave the room. Hearing these comments over several years has taught me that I enjoy my wife being admired. Even lusted after. Getting angry at my friends for speaking about her this way has never entered my mind. But I also haven't gotten myself to admit to them I know how they feel about her.
I've shared this information with Madilyn. I was nervous about doing so at first, but I rather her hear this from me than she overhear them sometime. She was dismissive of it. "Guys, talk about all women like that. It's sweet they think I'm good-looking, but they say that about every halfway decent girl they see walking down the street. I'm not special." I tried to explain that I had never heard them talk about another woman like they did with her, but she wouldn't hear it.
While Todd, Landon, and Porter may be trying to stealthy sneak peeks at my wife, I was much more brazen and stared her down thoroughly. How could I get mad at my friends for being honest about how hot she is. Through the cloud of dirty images flowing in my head, a responsible one popped in. I was supposed to add chlorine tablets to the pool's pump this morning.
"Excuse me, boys, I need to do a quick chore. I'll be a few minutes so feel free to grab another drink out of the fridge if you need it." I made my way to the pool pump, which was outside, just out of view of my group of friends. Although I was still in view of Madilyn.
I opened up the chlorine tablet canister but heard Landon comment. "That bikini looks incredible on her. I couldn't design a hotter woman than her." I heard him rather clearly, and I was sure Madilyn could, too. The guys didn't realize that the window in the corner of the room was slightly open. Open enough that the wife and I could hear them.
Madilyn, who was facing towards me at the time, lifted her gaze and we made eye contact for a second. Without saying anything, that gaze communicated so much to each other. I had been proven right. Despite my wife's humbleness, she was viewed with extreme lust by my friends. She wasn't just any woman that the guys thought was hot. She was the woman.
Outside of that brief look, Madilyn didn't react otherwise to the comment and continued with the pool cleaning. The comments didn't end with Landon's single one, either. "I feel like I'm going to mess up my pants just watching her right now. I don't understand how Gary would be able to last more than a second being with a woman like that," Todd added.
"I would pay a pretty penny to get with her. She is hotness incarnate," Porter said, confirming how all three of them felt to Madilyn. She continued with her chore, but I could see the ever-slight smile on her face. She loved the attention.
I finished loading the tablet, but I waited for another minute. The three of them continued to express their lust and what they would do to my wife if she were to allow it. I finally decided I needed to go back in. I entered the house and loudly announced my return to prevent them from accidentally saying anything while I was knowingly around. "Sorry about that, guys. The damn canister top was stuck. Can I get you guys anything from the kitchen?"
Madilyn finished cleaning out the pool and started swimming her laps, putting her body out of view of the guys. With the distraction gone, the conversation returned to our usual, non-sexually charged topics. Things stayed like that with a brief interruption when my wife got out of the pool, now thoroughly wet. It was short-lived, as she put a towel on and went into the door leading to our bedroom. The guys steadily made excuses for why they needed to head out. No more chances to watch my wife, they figured. With that, our small weekend get-together was completed.
That night, Madilyn and I were alone in the bedroom doing our regular night-time routine. I was dying to discuss what had happened with my friends. But I was smart enough to know that coming out and saying something like, 'See, I told you all my friends wanted to fuck you,' wouldn't go over well. I knew my wife well enough that I was sure the topic was occupying her mind as well. If I didn't want her to clam up and refuse to discuss it, I needed to raise it subtly.
"Todd, Landon, and Porter liked your swimsuit. You do look good in it," I said, breaking the silence. Madilyn didn't respond right away, and I worried even that comment may have been too much.
"Do you think you will have them over again next weekend," she said while facing away from me. That was not how I expected her to respond. I figured she would make a small comment acknowledging that my friends did like her and then quickly change the topic. This was something else.
"We hadn't discussed it, but yeah, I think I will invite them over." Again, she waited a bit to say anything back. Was that not the right thing to say? Had hearing those comments make her question my choice of friends?
"You don't have to keep them holed up in the house while I swim my laps. I don't mind them hanging out on the pool deck. They're your friends. I should learn to be friends with them too," she said, still not looking at me while she talked.
"I'll... do that," I responded. With that, she changed the topic to new linens for the bed, and we didn't discuss it again that night. But in just a few sentences, Madilyn had spoken volumes. Not only did she not mind the attention my friends gave her, but she indicated she welcomed it.
The next day, I confirmed with Todd, Landon, and Porter that we should all get together again on Saturday afternoon. The weather looked good, so all three agreed. I gave them no other indications that they would be getting a closer view of my bikini-clad wife. Wednesday night, I made a brief comment to Madilyn that the guys would be coming over again. She responded by saying, "I'm glad to hear it. You have so much fun with them."
A few minutes later, she brought me something. "I got a new swimsuit. I was thinking about wearing it Saturday, but I wanted to get your opinion on it. If you don't like it, I could just return it and wear my usual one. What do you think?" I held up the top, and it was very apparent it would show off more cleavage than her current bikini. Far from pornographic, it would be something you would see some young women wear at public pools and beaches. But it would clearly put more of her cleavage on display. The bottoms were equally daring, especially the backside. Not a thong, however the bottoms would show off more of my wife's round butt cheeks.
If it wasn't clear, Madilyn wasn't asking if I liked the bikini or not. She was asking me, indirectly, if I was okay with her showing off more of her body to my three friends. I didn't understand why, but I was more than okay with it. I liked the idea of giving my friends a treat like this, but more so, I really loved proving to my wife how hot she was. "I think it's great. You should totally go for it. I'm really looking forward to seeing you in this." She gave me a smile and we both were now looking forward to the upcoming weekend.
Saturday arrived, and it was another hot one. I put up umbrellas and made sure we had plenty of ice and cold drinks. I expected my friends were going to get very hot today. "What time are your friends coming over," she asked me as I grabbed a cooler from the garage.
"One o'clock. Just after lunch."
"I was going to do my laps around one-thirty. Unless you think I will disturb you guys." Funny how it worked out that she would be getting into the pool just after the three guys arrived.
"We are just going to be talking about meaningless guy stuff. You won't be disturbing anything." We both knew that her appearance would disrupt everything. While we are out there with her, I don't think another thought besides her will appear in their heads. I could tell, though, that she was still nervous about all of this. Otherwise, she wouldn't have given me another opportunity to ask her not to join us. I felt a lot of things currently, but doubt wasn't one.
On schedule, Todd, Landon, and Porter arrived. They were surprised that I was having us hang out by the pool. "Pretty hot today, isn't it? Do we really want to be outside and not inside," Porter asked.
"It will be fine. I got shade for us to stay under and enough ice to last," I said. Also, my wife that you lust over will be flaunting her body in a skimpy bikini mere feet away from you if you hang out here. Maybe I should have led with that, but it was going to be a pleasant surprise for them later.
Without much more resistance, they agreed to hang out by the pool. All three showed no signs that they knew what was coming. Only occasionally would these get-togethers coincide with my wife's swimming laps. Thus, it wasn't surprising they were still clueless about what would come. The four of us lounged or sat on the poolside furniture and quickly got a couple of drinks in our systems.
"Did you guys see Tanner's lawn today? I swear it's like two-thirds crabgrass now," Todd said, bringing up a common discussion topic of ours.
"I don't understand how you let it get to that point. Three years ago, when he bought the place, that lawn was award-winning. Yet he seems oblivious to how bad it has gotten," Landon added.
"Did I tell you last week I tried to recommend some lawn treatment chemicals to him, and he told me it...," Porter said, but his words trailed off before he would finish.
Madilyn had just slipped out of the bedroom door and was now heading towards us, wearing the new bikini. It was apparent that I overestimated how much it would cover her in my initial evaluation. The top's neckline was very low and showed the entirety of her upper breasts. So much so that it made you wonder if she was using tape to prevent a nipple from popping out. The bottoms had only strings connecting the front and back, meaning much of her outer thigh and hips were exposed. Turning around to close the door revealed the biggest surprise of all. Her butt cheeks were about 75 percent exposed. At the bottom half of her ass, the bikini almost completely disappeared between her cheeks. She was glorious, and I, like my friends, was speechless.
Madilyn wore sunglasses that hid a lot of her expression, but I could tell by her mannerisms she was tense. She was never one to flaunt her body, especially never to anyone but me. This was a very new experience for her. She paid me and the boys no attention as she made a beeline for the pool. She walked briskly, which had the enjoyable effect of making her bikini-clad boobs bounce noticeably.
Getting over my own shock at the lustful sight, I surveyed my three friends. Porter's mouth was still agape from when he stopped talking while Todd and Landon crossed their legs as I'm sure their loins were stirring. Seeing me noticing them, all three started diverting their gaze to their drinks, the opposite side of the pool, and each other. I laughed to myself at this. They were still clueless as to what was going on. Did they think my insisting on us hanging out by the pool and my wife coming out here wearing that bikini was all by chance? Additionally, would I put them in this situation and not expect them to check her out? My friends were overly concerned about not offending Madilyn and me with their gazes. It was respectful of them, but it wasn't what this was about today.
"Honey, that new bikini is amazing on you. Don't you guys think," I said, inviting them to look. Cautiously, they looked back at my wife.
"Uh, yeah. You look great in it," Landon nervously said.
"Very pretty," Porter said as his eyes darted to and from her body.
"Pretty? Is that really the word you would use, Porter? Honey, give us a spin if you don't mind," I said.
"Certainly," Madilyn said with a smile but some nervousness in her voice. Standing only about six or so feet from us, she gave the boys the closest look yet of her body and, most apparently, a large portion of her bare ass.
"Do you still think pretty is the best word to describe her now, Porter?" He looked uncomfortable being put on the spot like this, but I enjoyed teasing him.
"No. Sorry. I meant to say she's gorgeous looking," he said meekly.
"Thank you, Porter, and the rest of you. You really know how to make a lady feel good," Madilyn said, pulling her sunglasses down temporally to make eye contact with them as she spoke.
Per her normal routine, she got out the skimmer and started fishing for leaves out of the pool. Landon, ever the gentleman, offered to help. "Madilyn, I can do that for you if you like."
"Nonsense. You are the guest here. You just relax and enjoy yourself," she quickly replied. Watching Madilyn catch leaves added a whole other level of fun. Sometimes, she would bend over, giving us a nice view of her cleavage. Other times, facing away from us, she would reach out and show off more of her bikini-clad ass. Was she positioning herself strategically to give us these views? Was she often leaning over more than she needed to? Was I going to interrupt the show and ask? Not a chance.
The guys continued to watch but often looked away, still unsure how much they were allowed to stare. "Pool looks pretty clean to me, honey. Me and the boys are anxious to see what that bikini looks like wet," I said playfully.
"I'm sure you are," she replied back to me. She took the suggestion, put down the scoop, and gracefully dove into the pool. She then started her laps, swimming from one end of the pool and back at an impressive speed.
"Man, she is an amazing swimmer. She does close to 100 laps every day. It's how she keeps up that incredible body of hers that I know we all love," I said, nudging Todd. He gave a nervous laugh when I did that. "And in that bikini she looks even more amazing." The guys didn't respond other than lightly nodding. For a few minutes, we didn't say anything. My view never broke from watching Madilyn swim, and the other three followed my lead.
Todd, though, started to feel uneasy about the whole situation and spoke up. "Maybe we should go inside and let Madilyn do her exercise in peace."
Madilyn herself heard this and stopped mid-lap. "No, please don't go. You aren't doing anything wrong, Todd. It's me. I've been the bad host, and instead of interacting with you all, I've been swimming and disturbing your conversations," she said, swimming to the side of the pool nearest us.
"It's your house, Madilyn. You shouldn't change your routine just because we are here," Todd argued back.
Madilyn pulled herself up by the wall and rested her arms on the edge. This put her bikini top back in full display of us again. "How about you hand me one of those beers, and we can call it even Todd? Deal?" Todd could only nod and fumbled for a beer out of the cooler. He approached her like she was an alligator that could pounce any second, handing her the beer with a fully stretched-out arm. "Thanks, big guy," she said, taking it from him with a wink.
From there, Madilyn engaged with us in conversation. It took a bit for the guys to relax and converse with us, especially with her skimpy bikini in full view. Soon, though, we were gossiping about the neighborhood and speculating on upcoming events and news. I watched my friends closely as they would make eye contact with my wife whenever she talked with them. But as soon as her attention was directed elsewhere, the focus on their eyes would drop about one foot to my wife's cleavage. Madilyn, for sure, noticed this as well. Whenever she would turn to a new guy, their head would instantly rise up to meet her eye level. She was also more relaxed, enjoying the attention her body and outfit were attracting.
As we talked, I noticed she would adjust her top every one or two minutes ever slightly. After about ten minutes of observing this, I questioned her. "Everything okay with your swimsuit, honey," I asked.
That prompted another minor adjustment. "Well, I love how this bikini looks on me," she said, looking down at it.
"As do me and boys," I said, elbowing Porter to his embarrassment.
Madilyn continued. "But unfortunately, it's actually a bit uncomfortable."
"Oh, that's no good. Anything I can do to help?" I had no idea what I could do, but it felt like a polite thing to offer. I expected I was about to be in for some disappointment as she would say she was going in to change into something far less revealing. It was fun for a bit, at least.
But Madilyn didn't immediately respond. Instead, she was silent and noticeably broke eye contact, staring off slightly downwards towards nothing in particular. Her hands were brought together at her neckline, and she looked deep in thought, considering something. An idea popped into my head, but that wasn't going to happen. But then it came back stronger. Was she really thinking about doing that? Was I okay with things going that far? Being honest with myself, I knew I wanted it to happen. I begged for this idea I had to come true.
The nervousness Madilyn had before came back twice as strong. Finally, she spoke. "Would...you be willing... to unhook my top for me, Gary," she said just loud enough for me and the guys to hear. Todd let out an audible gasp. My wife was willing to go topless in front of my three friends. Her asking me to help was her way of asking me for permission. And I was very ready to give it.
"Sure can. I'm happy to help," I said as nonchalantly as possible. Madilyn turned around, and I got up and undid the hook. As I sat back down, she continued to stay with her back to us. She held the front of the bikini top in place with her hands. She didn't move, nor did she say anything.
"Should we...," Todd started to say, but I rapidly put my hand up, telling him to stop. This was a moment to stay silent and enjoy. The back straps that I had just disconnected curled off to the side. The water was shallow enough where she stood that the entirety of her back was out of the water. It was just a woman's back, but it was entirely bare and belonged to my wife. The sight of her bare skin there felt more intimate than times in the past when I've seen her fully naked.
She pulled her hands away along with the entire bikini top, dropping it on the water to float freely. My fully topless wife was now standing before my friends. A simple turn of her body would reveal her bare breasts to them. Even facing away from us, we could see more of her tits than we had before. From my angle, and the others would be no different, I could see a healthy amount of side boobs. Even a small turn would probably make a nipple visible to us. Todd, Landon, and Porter were no longer trying to pretend not to look. They finally seemed to understand that the whole idea was for them to look as much as they liked.
Madilyn didn't turn around. Instead, she lowered herself into the water, walked backward into the wall nearest us again, and turned around. Her nakedness was fully concealed by the wall. "I heard the Anderson's got a new grill. Have any of you guys gotten a chance to see it," she asked us as if the previous conversation hadn't been interrupted by her mini-strip tease act.
My face went from astonishment to showing the biggest smile. She knew exactly how I wanted to play this. "I haven't, but I know Landon did. Isn't that right," I said, trying to pull them back out of their daze.
"...What? Grill? Oh right. Ummm. Yes I did. Bill had me over last Tuesday to come help finish up the installation. It's a real beauty," he said. You could almost hear this mind sputter as he tried to get his mind off of my wife's tits.
It took a bit of time, but eventually, the conversation between the five of us picked up steam just as it had been earlier. The only difference was that Madilyn was now topless. The nudity was out of sight, but just a few steps away from where me and the guys sat, my wife's nipples were free from the constraints of clothing.
It also made for a funny sight. Despite the water being less than three feet deep where she stood, only her head was visible as it rested on the pool edge. Her hands also gripped the sides of the pool, almost as if she was bracing herself down to keep from accidentally showing off the good. "You look so funny down there, honey. It's like you're hiding from us," I said with a devious smile.
Her eyes met with mine, and she understood what I was communicating. "You think it's rude of me to hide down here away from our guest? Maybe I should be more accessible?" She asked, returning my smile.
Porter, not understanding what was going on, interjected. "I don't think you are being rude, Madilyn." Todd and Landon nodded in agreement.
"You misunderstand Porter. Gary is saying I shouldn't hide my body from you guys. He thinks I should do this." Without any further warning, Madilyn lifted herself out of the pool. Water flowed off her body as she did so. Her fully topless body. Todd, Landon, and Porter were now face to face with my wife's fully naked tits. Madilyn made no attempt to cover herself. Just as I hoped, she was making her nudity fully accessible to be seen by my three friends. Once out of the pool, she walked about two steps towards us and stood there briefly. Her hands rested on her hips, and I think she was sticking her chest out a bit. My wife was loving having four men utterly entranced by her body. As was I.
"Todd, can you hand me that towel," she asked. I was disappointed to hear that. I guess this was going to just be a quick show before she covered up. That fear, though, melted away as she laid the towel out on the ground and not around her body. She then laid on her back, keeping her topless body in clear view of all of us. She was making her tits available for viewing for as long as these guys wished.
"How would you describe Madilyn now," I asked Porter, teasing him further.
"I... she... she's really hot. Thank you for this," he said, still staring at her wet boobs. Madilyn and I shared a quick look at each other, highly entertained by the effect this was having on the men.
We sat and lay for the next five minutes in relative silence. The only thing of interest to everyone was my wife's exposed breasts enjoying the sun. Madilyn sat up and made a request. "Todd, could you grab that sunscreen and apply it to my back?"
Todd's eyes darted between the bottle, my wife, and me. "Shouldn't you ask Gary to do this, your husband," he said, concerned.
My wife was continuing to get brave and wanted to push the envelope. "She asked you to do it, Todd. Besides, I'm really comfortable right now," I said, putting my hands behind my head and clearly signaling back to Madilyn to 'go for it.'
"Please, Todd, I don't want to get burnt," she said.
Todd slowly got up and grabbed the bottle. He sat beside her and put a healthy amount of lotion on his hands. Pausing before giving her exposed back one more look, he then pressed his hands into her back and started rubbing the lotion in. "Mmm, that feels good, Todd. I burn easily so spend some time making sure you get me good and covered," she said. The light moan was a good addition. Obviously, all he was touching was her back, which was not something that should have been a big deal. But when her tits were out, the situation was entirely different. I could tell Todd was breathing hard, and his heart was racing. I was from just watching this. I'm sure Madilyn was experiencing something as well.
Two minutes later, after instructing him to get her shoulders and sides, she thanked Todd for helping. Applying lotion to the sides of her torso was interesting to watch. My heart would skip a beat watching his hands head towards the direction of her breasts, only for them to stop just short of actually touching them.
Madilyn's sense of daring wasn't satisfied, it seems. "Landon? Could you apply lotion to my stomach?"
Just as Todd had, Landon was hesitant. "Sorry if I sound rude, but can't you just apply it yourself," he asked while not hiding where his eyes continued to be directed.
"I don't know if you've noticed, but I have rather large breasts. You probably don't appreciate it, but they can block my view of my stomach, making it easier to miss spots," she countered. A totally bull shit excuse, but Landon didn't argue.
"Well then, I really think this is something you should have your husband do," he said, looking more panicked.
"Landon, it's not a big deal. Just do her this favor," I said. In other words, feel up my hot wife's tight stomach.
Madilyn laid down on her back, awaiting the hands of my friend to feel up her body. She held out the lotion and smiled. Without saying anything else, his shaky hands took the bottle, and he knelt down on the ground with her. He started rubbing around her belly button, which would be the 'safest' area for his hands to be, he probably figured. However, it became apparent he was spending too much time there and not getting to the other regions. "I need you to put lotion on my stomach all the way down to my bikini bottoms, Landon. That's an easy area to miss and get burned," she said, pushing him to expand on where he was touching her.
He replied with a meager "Sorry" and slowly started rubbing lotion farther down her body. Soon, as instructed, he was rubbing just above at the very top of her bottoms. He was inches away from rubbing her pussy, a fact that Madilyn seemed aware of. I could see her getting flustered by it but doing her best to hide it. It's not like my friends were watching her face anyway. "I... I think I got it," Landon said, pulling his hands away fast. Poor guy was probably going mad rubbing so close to the 'promised land' of the woman he's been lusting over for a while now.
Madilyn agreed and let him take his leave. He darted to his chair, trying to keep his boner from becoming too obvious. Madilyn didn't call for more volunteers right away, but she wasn't settled either. Had she reached her limit, or was there one more step she could take? Maybe she just needed a nudge. "Do you need any more help with the lotion, honey? Porter isn't doing anything if you do," I said with a bit of caution. It was clear to my wife what I was suggesting. It was a large step, but I was ready for it if she was.
She took a noticeable breath before doing anything, but then she fully embraced what I was hinting at. "How bout it, Porter? Can you apply lotion to my chest?"
A train locomotive crashing through the backyard fence, careening towards him, would have been less surprising to Porter than the words my wife just spoke were. "What? No, I can't do that. That's going too far," he said, grabbing the arms of his chair. Normally, seeing someone react like this, I would back off. But I knew he would hate himself later if he didn't do this.
"It's no big deal, Porter. She just doesn't want to get burnt. That's a sensitive area you want to keep protected," I said, giving him my permission.
Madilyn chimed in herself before he could argue back. "You've been watching my chest all afternoon. I figured you wouldn't mind touching it. Am I wrong? Do you not want to touch me?"
Porter was completely taken aback. "No. I mean, I do want to touch you, but I shouldn't. You're married to my good friend," was all he could think to say back to us.
"She's married, not a prisoner. You're overthinking this, buddy. Trust me," I said, trying to calm him down. But he made no move to approach Madilyn where she lay. I thought this was a lost cause and was about to try Todd or Landon. But Madilyn wasn't giving up. She got up, grabbed the lotion bottle, and walked towards Porter, where he sat. Her naked breasts swayed as she walked determinedly towards him. When she reached him, she straddled him in his chair, putting her naked tits right in front of his view, less than a foot away from his face.
"Can I have your hands, please," she asked. Madilyn wasn't one to take charge of a situation often. But when she does, her presence is powerful. But seeing her take command while being nearly naked was incredible. I haven't been more turned on by her than before this moment. Porter didn't fully comprehend what she was asking, but he did as instructed and held his hand out. My wife squirted lotion onto both of them and then discarded the bottle to the side. Grabbing his hands, she pulled them towards her, and I was now staring at my friend, groping the naked breasts of my wife.
Madilyn's domineering attitude melted away the instance she felt Porter's hand on her nipples. She wasn't fully prepared for the feeling of a man's touch on her breasts. A man who wasn't her husband. I can't say I was any more prepared for the sight, but I felt to regrets. Nobody said or did anything as we all just watched Porter's static hand rest on two large breasts. Finally, he got some amount of control back and looked Madilyn in the eyes. "I'm... sorry... I guess," he said as if he was responsible at all for this situation.
"Are you going to sit there unmoving, or are you going to apply lotion, Porter? Start rubbing and be thorough," I said, encouraging my friend to get up in my wife's tits. Looking at him, Madilyn smiled and nodded, and finally, he started moving his hands around her ample chest.
They both had a small gasp with the start of his hands moving. Porter moved his hands around her tits robotically at first, repeating the same motion over and over. "You have nice hands, Porter. This feels really good. Don't stop," Madilyn said. Hearing that seemed to encourage the man to relax and enjoy the experience. His hands got more and more explorative with my wife's breasts. He squeezed them, pressed his hands deeply into them, took her nipples between his fingers, and whatever else he desired. The ruse that this was about applying sunscreen was entirely dropped. This was now about pleasure for both of them. Madilyn was bright red and breathing heavily. Porter and her eyes were locked, staring into each other. Porter would occasionally pinch her nipples or squeeze her in just the right way, causing Madilyn to audibly moan. They looked like they could be seconds away from making love, giving me some complex feelings.
After her loudest moan yet, Madilyn got off him and took a few steps away from the group. With her back facing us, she took a moment to compose herself. She turned back to us, again showing off her gorgeous tits to my friends. "Thank you, Porter. That should keep my chest from getting burnt. If you'll excuse me, I need to go attend to something. Thank you for the lovely time." She then turned around and headed swiftly to the bedroom door she initially came out of. She took herself to her limit and probably even beyond.
The four of us were left in a state of shock at all the events that had happened. Porter started to look guilty, probably worried he had gone too far. I got up and grabbed a fresh drink from the cooler. "Thanks for your help with that, Porter. I really appreciate it. I know Madilyn did as well," I said holding the bottle out to him.
He looked up at me, and his worried look turned into a smile. "Oh, thanks, Gary. Everything is okay then?"
I put my hand on his shoulder. "More than okay," I assured him. "I'm going to check on Madilyn and make sure she doesn't need me for anything. You guys hang out and help yourselves to anything you want in the kitchen." I turned and walked towards the same door my wife had just entered a few minutes ago.
I slipped into the dark bedroom, and it took my eyes a bit to adjust. Eventually, I saw the sight I had been expecting. My wife was on the bed, now entirely naked and pleasuring herself. She sat up and spread her legs, inviting me to join her. My shirts and shorts exploded off me, and I dove into the embrace of my wife's naked body. Neither of us needed any more buildup, and I plunged my cock into her soaked pussy. Madilyn wailed when I did so, receiving exactly what she had been yearning for.
As I pumped her pussy with my cock, I got my hands on her tits. I had been watching my friend get his fill of these, and now it was my turn. Bringing my face into them, I gave her nipple a heavy lick. I tasted the lotion that Porter had so thoroughly rubbed into them. The events of the afternoon caught up with me, and I exploded cum into her. I barely lasted a minute, but we both knew this was going to be a short session, given how horny we both were.
After a minute of catching our breaths, I got off of her. "I don't think I can manage any more entertainment of our guests. Can you give them my apology and see to them until they leave," Madilyn asked of me. I understood, and after getting dressed, I headed back to them. Whether they figured out what I had left for was a mystery to me. I was more curious about what the three of them discussed after they were left alone. Or did they stay silent and try to burn the visuals into their brains.
When I got to them, they were discussing lawn care. I figured this topic must have started as soon as they saw me approaching, but I was happy to let them pretend what they wanted. Outside of asking what Madilyn was up to, the events of the afternoon were not discussed between us. Ten minutes later, Porter declared it was time for him to leave and the other two used that as their out as well.
Madilyn and I didn't reconnect until that evening, near bedtime. I couldn't help myself and broached the topic. "Thanks for hanging out with the guys and me today. I know they are my friends, but it's important to me that you also get along with them. So thank you," I said.
Madilyn was fiddling in front of her mirror in the bathroom. "I enjoyed it. Also, I like your friends. It's not a chore for me to hang out with you guys," she replied. That's all we said about the afternoon's fun. We clearly communicated we both had fun and had no regrets.
A minute later, Madilyn brought up another idea. "Next Sunday, there's a big game on TV, isn't there?"
"There is. It's the conference championships. It's the best chance our team has had to make the championship in over a decade," I informed her. Madilyn has, at best, a passing interest in sports, so I didn't know why she asked about it.
"What if we invite some of the neighbors over to watch? We haven't hosted them in a while," she suggested.
"Yeah, that's a good idea. How many people do you think?"
"Maybe ten or fifteen. Nothing too crazy, but let's try and not leave anyone out." We had an agreement then. We would be hosting a party to watch the game. Still, Madilyn was holding something back, but she was building up the nerve to ask. It took an additional five minutes, but she finally said what she wanted to. "I could act as the hostess and make sure you guys are well looked after. Make sure you are all entertained?" There it was. She had gotten a taste of something today and now wanted more. My own appetite was also yearning for more as well.
Reaching out by phone and in person, we secured sixteen confirmations for attendance to the party, consisting of fourteen men and two women. They all accepted without any clue what Madilyn might be doing to 'entertain' them. Todd, Landon, and Porter were not included in the invite list by design. It took some strategic maneuvering to get the right crowd without offending the ones we didn't invite. Several of our neighbors are more closed-minded about things, and I felt they wouldn't appreciate what the party had to offer. Of the fourteen men, the majority were either single or married to people we know wouldn't mind what would happen Sunday. The two women in attendance were the wives of two of these men. Overall, I was pleased with the types of people we expected to attend.
Meanwhile, Madilyn and I didn't share a word about what she may or may not end up doing or showing on Sunday, which made all of this even hotter for me. I just imagined her struggling about whether she would go as far as she did with my three friends last weekend or if she would hold back, considering this was a much larger group of people we see almost daily. It was even possible she was excited by the idea of pushing the envelope even further. What I was willing for her to do was just as much a mystery. Surely, there was some boundary I would not be comfortable with her passing. I just didn't know what it was.
Saturday night before the party, I had the worst sleep of my life. It was confounded by the fact that Madilyn turned me down for sex. I knew it wasn't because she wasn't in the mood, but she wanted to keep the tension maximum for Sunday. I never felt so angry and loving of her at the same time. But she made the right call. The next morning, I rushed around to get everything ready. It was weird being so concerned if we had enough potato chips for the party when, in reality, I couldn't care less about the food, and soon, our guests would have the same attitude.
Finally, the party time arrived, and guests started to show up. Every guy I would greet, my mind immediately went to the thought of 'you are going to see my wife's tits tonight. Maybe, if you are lucky, even touch them.' Soon, everyone we expected had arrived, and we all gathered around the living room as the game started. Madilyn was wearing a buttoned-up shirt with a knee-length skirt. Overall a very standard, non-scandalous outfit. She, of course, looked amazing in it, given her curves made her look great in about anything. But the outfit gave no clues to the guest that anything was up or would happen.
Madilyn was actually often not even around. She greeted guests and interacted with them but seemed to be hiding often. Were her nerves getting to her? Was she hyping herself up? Whatever the case, I knew the best thing was to leave her be. After a five-minute period of seeing no sign of her, she reappeared, offering a tray of snacks to the guys. What I noticed was not the food, but two buttons of her shirt were now undone that weren't previously. Had she started off like this, I wouldn't have thought anything of it, but she had started something. Nobody paid any heed to this change except me. The shirt was still well within the bounds of normalcy.
"Can I get anybody a drink,"she asked the room after giving everyone a chance with the snacks.
"I'll take a Corona if you don't mind," our neighbor Jake said. Madilyn headed to the kitchen to grab a cold one from the fridge. Taking just a bit longer than it should have, she came back with the beer and something else. Two more buttons were now undone, and you could just see a bit of her bright red bra showing, along with an eye full of cleavage.
"Here you go Jake, let me know if you need another one later okay?" She said, bending over more than was needed to hand it to him. This gave Jake a great view down her shirt. This small change in her outfit was noticed by many of the guests, who quickly brought it to the attention of others through muted whispers. The amount of cleavage she was showing was eye-catching. But the fact that she purposefully unbuttoned the shirt while grabbing Jake's beer really got the guest curious.
"You always treat our guests so well, Madilyn. Thank you," I commented. That comment of mine only increased the whispering between our guests. Was I oblivious to what Madilyn had done? Was I endorsing it? Was I being passive-aggressive? I smiled as I loved teasing them like this, but soon enough, they would understand my attitude. Shortly, they would learn a lot of things about Madilyn and me.
This time, she didn't disappear again. Instead, electing to sit down and watch the game or have a conversation with a nearby guest. I, myself, was not paying attention to the game as my eyes surveyed what everyone else was watching. Focusing on our next-door neighbor Frank, I could see every twenty seconds his eyes would dart from the TV to Madilyn's cleavage, then go right back to the TV. I caught several others doing the same. In their defense, though, they might have done this even if she hadn't unbuttoned anything.
Another neighbor asked if we had more of a particular beer left, and Madilyn jumped in to say she would grab him a bottle. Everyone waited in anticipation of her return, expecting more buttons undone or some other change to her outfit. But she came back in the same state as she left, and you could feel the disappointment in people. Madilyn handed the bottle, drawing the attention of several men positioned to see down her shirt. But after handing it off, she didn't retake her seat but stood and watched the game. She was towards the back of the room, blocking no one's view.
"What does that symbol on the top right of the screen mean," she asked the room.
Zachary, an older gentleman sitting close to the TV, started to answer as he turned around to face Madilyn. "That tells you how many time-outs each team..." He stopped as soon as he got her in his view. Madilyn had completely unbuttoned her shirt and was slipping it off her shoulders. She tossed it onto a nearby empty chair. She was now standing in a room full of fifteen men with only her floral red bra covering her top side. She continued to watch the TV and gave no indication as to why she had just taken her top off or acknowledged that Gary had noticed her in this state. Zachary's sudden interruption of his explanation got the attention of others who looked to see what he was looking at. Soon, the entire room was watching my wife stand there in her bra.
"Madilyn, what..." one of the guys started to ask.
"Madilyn!" I said sternly. Several guys jumped hearing me say that, and the room filled with dread that they were about to witness a husband and wife fight about her exposing herself like this to the neighbors. "Don't put your shirt on the chair there. It's a very nice shirt and is just asking for something to get spilled on it," I said, significantly tempering my tone to an almost gentle quality.
"You're right. Thanks, honey," she said to me and moved the shirt to an out-of-the-way location.
"Nice bra, by the way. You look fantastic in it," I said before putting my attention back on the TV. I could see our neighbors eyeing each other in disbelief at what had happened. My wife was only wearing a bra, and I was totally on board. She took a seat towards the front of the room, which allowed most of our guests to glance over at her much easier, which they all did. I was getting a lot of glances myself, although I think it was for very different reasons.
I didn't like that so many were still concerned about my feelings. A commercial break started on the TV, so I decided to alleviate their fears about how I felt. "That's the bra with the matching thong, right? You're wearing those, too?"
Madilyn looked at me, and her face brightened up just a bit more. I think she really liked where I was taking this. "I am. Why break up the set," she said back to me.
"If you guys liked seeing the bra, you will love the thong. Honey, how about you show the guys what the set looks like on you and take that skirt off?" She shot up, excited to do just that.
"That's a great idea. But before I take it off, I want to say I like this skirt too. It flows so nicely and is comfortable. It also hugs my backside nicely, according to Gary," she said with a giggle while showing off her backside to the group. "The only downside is the zipper is positioned where it's hard for me to undo. Oh. Zachary? Could you unzip my skirt for me?" She approached the older man and stuck her hip out to him where the zipper was. Zachary looked at it and back to me.
Before he could ask me what I knew he was thinking, I got out ahead of it. "What's the problem, Zachary? You forget how to use a zipper? Your coat you wore here had a zipper you were able to undo. This is no different," I teased, encouraging my neighbor to help my wife strip.
He relented and grabbed the zipper, pulling it down. "Thank you, Zachary," she said to him. Taking a single step away from him, she proceeded to wiggle her hips back and forth, and she worked the skirt down her legs. Her tits, only held in by her bra, giggled nicely from the motion of her hips. As the skirt reached the floor, she was fully bent over with her ass facing Zachary. With only a tiny thong covering her backside, he got a glorious view of her butt bent over. The thinnest of material was hiding her most intimate areas from his gaze. It wasn't until she stood back up with her skirt in hand that Zachary realized he had been staring very intently at his neighbor's increasingly stripped body.
My wife casually walked over to where she placed her shirt and added her skirt to the pile. Her ass cheeks swayed nicely as she walked to and from, matching the equally erotic motions of her tits. The thong she had chosen to wear was as bare bones as women's underwear can get. Only a small string ran along her backside and didn't hide a single square centimeter of her ass. The front was barely any different, and it looked like her pussy was constantly in danger of poking out of either side of the thong. But for now, her vagina stayed unexposed.
Despite men she has known and lived near for years now seeing so much of her body exposed, Madilyn remained confident and unwavering as a host. She walked right up to our neighbor across the street, sitting right next to his wife. "Can I get you two anything," she asked as they both were staring at her crotch. Shaking their heads and coming back to reality, they declined, which prompted Madilyn to turn around and give them a clear view of her ass.
It was incredible to watch. Madilyn was going into overdrive as a host, approaching every single person and asking if they needed everything. All the time, giving the entire party continuous close up views of her body with different and interesting angles. She would find reasons to bend over or have a sudden need to stretch her arms over the head. My favorite part was when Zachary looked back at the TV and said, "Wait, when did we score?" Nobody had an answer, as the real show was now my hot wife prancing around the room in her tiny underwear.
The game reached half-time, and with only commercials and commentary being shown on the screen, not a single eye was on the TV. Madilyn was well aware that she now had the undivided attention of our sixteen neighbors. The question is what she would do with it. She could hold things here and let everyone settle for seeing only 95% of her body. Or she could push it further like she did with my friends, if not further. If she was going to do that, it felt like now was the time.
She was discussing something with two guys, but I couldn't hear what it was about. I could see their eyes constantly looking down at her skimpy bra, though, and I'm sure she was noticing that as well. With a final laugh between the three, she wandered to a spot a couple of feet to the left of the television. Being alone, but actively watched by all, I could tell she was debating something as her eyes looked downwards, focused on nothing in particular. Her eyes then shot up right at me as if she knew I would be watching her. Although that was true for almost everyone in the room. I smiled at her, and she looked away at the larger group.
"Would anyone mind if I took my bra off," she said loud enough to rise above the sound of the TV and side conversations. All other talk stopped, and only the music from the car commercial playing could be heard. "Sorry, maybe you didn't hear me. I'm thinking about taking my bra off. Any objections?"
Again, she was met with silence until one of our neighbors responded. "Madilyn, you don't need to take off your bra for us. Really."
I interjected. "That's not what my wife was asking. She wants to bare her breasts in her home. But she's being polite and wanting to make sure everyone is okay with that." The group looked to me and then back to Madilyn. Still, no one said anything. "I would take the silence as an all-clear, honey. Bra away," I declared, giving my wife the go-ahead to increase the number of men who have seen her topless significantly.
"Oh, thank gosh. I've been wanting to do this all night," Madilyn said, reaching behind her back. Seeing her move start to unhook her bra, everyone in the house held their breath. I could just imagine what thoughts they were thinking. Telling themselves surely this was a joke, and she would stop any second now. They've known Madilyn for years and been with her at all kinds of functions. Never had she done anything like this before. I was sure a lot of the men on the street had fantasies about her but never thought they were achievable. This was probably dream-like for them.
The dream became a reality as Madilyn pulled the bra off her chest. There was no teasing or hiding as she did with my friends initially. In one instance, she was fully exposing her chest to sixteen of our friends. Every curve, every freckle, the size of her aerolas, how pokey her nipples were. All of this was now fully known to all of them. They have seen her tits, and that could never be taken away, no matter how much Madilyn would regret doing this later. Not that I was expecting her to.
She walked over, added the bra to her clothing pile, and returned to where she stood before. After taking her place again, she looked around at the crowd, staring at her chest, and got a bit playful with the situation. "I trust everyone is enjoying themselves," she asked.
"We are, except for that game on the TV keeps distracting us from the entertainment," I shouted, prompting laughter and easing things up.
I requested a cocktail from Madilyn, and she walked into the kitchen to prepare it. She returned shortly after, as topless as ever.
Handing me the drink, one of our more inquisitive friends walked up to us. "So, if you don't mind me asking. What is this about? Is it an exhibitionist thing? No judgment, just curious."
"My wife is beautiful. That's what this is," I said, and Madilyn didn't object. The friend didn't question it, which I was thankful for. The less we defined this with words, the better. At this point, it didn't need a label or end state. The fun was learning with Madilyn what this would end up being and how far each of us was willing to go with it.
The night progressed with men finding excuses to talk one on one with Madilyn with their real motivations to see her tits up close. Madilyn was far from clueless this was happening and would puff her chest out while looking off to the side, giving them the perfect opportunity to see her tits only inches away from their faces. She often found reasons to hug the men, which I got a kick out of. Feeling her bare nipples press into their t-shirts was probably a sexy experience for both parties involved.
One of our neighbors in attendance was Rob. He had just gotten divorced last year after he caught his wife sending photos to another man. Rob looked at my mostly naked wife as much as any man tonight, but he hadn't made a play to get up and interact with her as almost everyone else had. Madilyn knew this and had always had a soft spot for the man. Having a respite from men interacting with her, she approached him in the padded armchair he was sitting in. I happened to be seated right next to him and got to watch what happened next closely.
"Mind if I sit there," she asked, pointing to his lap.
"Oh, sure. I can move," Rob said, starting to get up. But Madilyn stopped him and lightly pushed him back down into the chair. Without asking again, she climbed over the armrest nearest her and sat crosswise on his lap.
"Thank Rob, it looked really comfortable," she said. Her practically bare ass was pressed into his crotch, which I'm sure was now sporting a solid erection that Madilyn could feel through his shorts. Meanwhile, her exposed tits were six inches downwards from his face. Madilyn looked away towards the TV, allowing him to look as much as he liked without getting 'caught' by her. Although everyone had realized at this point that looking at my wife was highly encouraged.
Rob had lifted his arms up when Madilyn sat on him, and they continued to awkwardly stay floating in the air as he wasn't sure where we could put them as she laid across on him. Still watching the TV, Madilyn reached up, grabbed his right hand, and placed it on her back. Then, she did the same with his left hand, placing it on her thigh. Rob sat frozen, unwilling to move his hands away, while my wife looked quite comfortable on him with her tits out. As the minutes went by, Rob relaxed a bit, and he looked less tense and acted like how you would expect a man to act with a woman wearing only a thong on top of you.
Madilyn turned her head towards him. "Are you comfortable, Rob?"
"I am. Are you," he asked politely.
"Honestly, no." Hearing that, I wondered where she was going with this.
"Oh. I'm sorry to hear that. Do you need to move? Is there anything I can do to help," Rob asked, looking concerned that he was doing something wrong. Madilyn stood up right next to him. He looked up, getting a great view of her underboob, curious what she had in mind.
"Rob, could you take off my thong for me," my wife asked our neighbor. There it was. She had made the call to push herself further than she had before. She was now willing to expose the entirety of her naked body to the neighborhood, including her vagina.
"I'll take the thong after you take it off her. It's small, and I'd hate to lose it or for it to get walked all over," I added, indicating my approval of the plan. For once, all eyes weren't on my wife. Instead, they all waited for Rob to agree to fully strip her.
"I... I guess I can take it off if that's what you want," he responded. His shaky hands reached for the thin straps on either side of her hips. He pulled them down, and the sight of my wife's fully shaven and now fully exposed pussy entered his and half the room's view. She was now hiding no secrets from anyone here. She had nothing left to show that they weren't already seeing. Rob let the thong drop to the floor, and Madilyn kicked it over to me. She turned around, giving the other side of the room their own turn, seeing her fully nude body, before retaking her seat on Rob's lap. This time, however, she sat facing the same direction as him, so her back lay on his front. She directed his hands to rest on her bare hips and resumed watching the game without further commentary.
I hadn't a clue what the game's score was, but I pretended to watch it while keeping an eye on what my wife and Rob were doing together in that chair. I didn't want to stare and spook Rob, who would probably end up dictating how far things went between them. Meanwhile, the rest of the party was watching them with equal curiosity and a large amount of lust. I was sure Rob's erection was still going strong, and with Madilyn's thong gone, one less layer of material separated her bare pussy from it.
Rob's hands remained on her hips, but she ran her own hands up and down them. She then stopped them and, after taking a moment, lifted Rob's hands off her hips. Very deliberately and slowly, she brought them up to her chest, and Rob became the second man in as many weeks to know the feeling of my wife's tits. She didn't take her hands away, which kept Rob's hands locked on her chest. Madilyn knew he would remove them if given the opportunity. She directed his hands to rub and squeeze them like she was the puppet master of his hands. Rob was silent but his eyes were opened big and wide. He didn't look anywhere else but forward.
Feeling eyes on me from our other neighbors, I smiled and nodded in approval, but I didn't want to speak up and ruin what they had going on. Just as getting groped by Porter had greatly flustered her, Madilyn was getting red in the face and breathing hard from having Rob's hands feeling her bare tits. She began to squirm a bit in the chair, which was probably grinding her into his hard cock, further turning him and her on. The other guests quickly found excuses to position themselves where they could get a full view of the action. Fifteen people were watching my wife getting off on Rob's hands, feeling her up. Both were getting increasingly hot and I wondered if they would reach a breaking point and launch this encounter to a whole other level.
Madilyn moved his hands off her chest and it seemed like the show might be over, but she didn't get up and didn't stop squirming. My wife did more than just move the hands off her chest. She was moving them to her pussy. She spread her legs, and I witnessed my wife direct this man to finger her. Grabbing hold of three of his fingers, she rubbed them up and down her labia. No other man had ever touched there but me, her husband. Now our neighbor Rob was extensively rubbing my wife's pussy for the purpose of getting her off. All while the neighborhood watched. It turned out to be one of the best parties I had ever thrown.
Madilyn continued to look straight ahead at the TV, but her body made it clear she was only thinking about Rob. She took a risk and let go of Rob's hands, trusting that he would continue to finger her, which he did. She gripped the armrest of the chair tightly, using them to brace herself from the onslaught of pleasure she was feeling. At this point, she made no effort to conceal her moans, which drowned out the television. Every minute, it looked like things were getting more and more intense for her. She squirmed extensively, which turned into her essentially giving Rob and his hard dick a lap dance. Her face contorted as she looked to be in sweet agony. I braced myself as I knew me and the whole party were about to see something beautiful.
Her eyes closed tightly, and she opened her mouth as if she were yelling at the top of her lungs, but she made no sound. Without even breathing, she leaned forward and had a death grip on the chair. She was riding an orgasm and a hard one at that. I thought she might pass out and was prepared to catch her, but she finally sat back up while finally taking in a new breath. While she caught her breath, she directed Rob's hands to massage her breasts again.
A minute later, after sufficiently recovering, she got up off of our neighbor's lap. "I am so sorry, I've been a terrible host! I'll go get us some fresh snacks from the kitchen," she announced. She slowly made her way towards the kitchen. Her legs were shaky and once she even had to grab someone's shoulders to keep herself up, but eventually made it out of sight to the kitchen.
Watching my wife's ass wiggle away, Tina, one of the two wives that were in attendance, stood next to me. Tina and her husband had a reputation for being open to experiences and letting each other explore their sexuality. She leaned down and whispered in my ear. "Your wife had her fun. How about you and I go somewhere and see if we can't have even more?"
I pulled away from her and then stood up. I guided her to a corner of the room. "I think you misunderstand what is happening here. It's not about cheating, and it's not about me. Don't dirty what we just witnessed by thinking that means I will betray my wife with another woman," I whispered sternly to her. I walked away, fuming. I took a minute to calm myself down, thinking about how awesome Madilyn had been just a minute ago.
I walked over and patted a dazed Rob on the shoulder. "Fucking-tastic, good buddy. You still got it. I'm going to get you a fresh beer. You've earned it and more," I said to the man that had just made my wife cum. That also prompted others in the room to finally break out of their own shock at what they had seen. I could hear them start to converse with each other to confirm if they really saw all that happen or not.
In the kitchen, I found Madilyn with her hands on the counter, leaning over and still breathing heavily. Her face showed that she was still feeling the after-effects of her very public pleasure. I haven't seen her be this affected by an orgasm in a long time. But I was so happy for her and even more so that I and so many others got to witness it. "Just grabbing Rob a new beer. You want one," I asked, announcing my presence.
Madilyn shot up and immediately regained her composure. "No I still have a drink back in the living room that I'm nursing. How much longer do you think the game will go on," she asked as she wiped sweat and other fluids off herself. I honestly had no idea what was going on with the game.
I walked back into the living room. "How much time is left in the game? Anyone know the score?"
Zachary turned to it and listened for a minute. "Apparently, it ended ten minutes ago," he deduced from the broadcast. Time flies when you're watching my hot wife get finger fucked. "I think we won?" That was news to the whole group, and they were pleased to hear it. They had come to the house so pumped up about the game and the possibility of a hometown win, but the party's entertainment had completely overshadowed that.
With the game over and it being obvious that my wife would only let one guest explore her body with their hands, the group started working their way to the door. I gave Madilyn a heads up and we both lined up at the door to say our goodbyes and thank yous for attending. I was furthest from the door and shook everyone's hand. While I only said "Thank you for coming," in my head, I was saying 'Thank you for witnessing my wife's nude body and seeing her have the biggest orgasm she's had in the past year.' But I like to think they knew that's what I meant to say.
A still, fully nude, and flushed Madilyn stood nearest the door. She hugged everyone goodbye, pulling them in close and tight each time. They all seemed to give her full body one last look over as they left. Rob was the last to leave, and after getting an extra long hug for Madilyn, he paused. "Madilyn, about what happened...," he started to say before she spoke over him.
"I was so happy when Gary told me you accepted our invite for today. I hope today made you feel wanted and loved. You are an amazing man."
"Well said, Madilyn," I added. That put a big smile on Rob's face, and he left without feeling the need to further discuss the orgasm his own hands gave the naked woman in front of him.
As soon as the door closed, Madilyn jumped up, and I caught her, holding her up by her bare ass with my hands. Her tongue found its way into my mouth, and I carried her to the living room couch. The same couch that just twenty minutes ago, a group of our neighbors watched Madilyn's nude body spasm as she came on Rob's finger. I dumped her onto it and climbed on top of her. She reached down and took hold of my cock, and directed it to enter her very willing pussy.
Madilyn was already sensitive from her previous orgasm and was reacting with increasing pleasure to me thrusting my cock into her. There was no need for me to ease into things, and I went in hard and deep. I stared at her tits bounce up and down, and I remembered how many eyes had been watching this same gorgeous sight. Rob had even gotten his hands all over them. They all knew now what my wife had been gifting me all my life. They may have gotten the opportunity to partake in her body, but she was committed to me. And these adventures with our friends and neighbors had only made me more appreciative of how lucky I was.
Madilyn was writhing in pleasure underneath me on the couch. Despite publicly cumming, she needed this sexual release as much as me, if not more. I held nothing back and was slamming her with everything I had. She opened her legs as wide as possible, allowing me to get in deep. Madilyn's hands grasped around her wildly as she tried to find something that could help her bear the building pleasure she was feeling. She found nothing, and as the orgasm finally hit her, she was wailing loudly while I simultaneously filled her pussy with my seed.
I collapsed on top of her as my mind swirled with so many complex feelings. But I was glad that regret and jealousy were not among them. Madilyn's orgasm had been intense, but I knew it didn't compare with what she had undergone with Rob. But that had the added benefit of an audience and the feeling of extreme naughtiness. Maybe she could get even naughtier, I speculated.
But that was for another day. Getting up, I got dressed and started cleaning up. Madilyn did the same but didn't get dressed until after everything was cleaned up and the furniture was moved back to its usual spots. We paid no attention to the fact that the windows to the front yard were wide open. We enjoyed a simple dinner of leftovers and retired to the bedroom as per our usual routine.
"Successful party overall, I'd say," broaching the topic as we lay together in bed reading.
"We had just enough chips, it seems. But yes, I agree. Everyone seemed to enjoy it," she replied. The burning question in my mind was what would be next. I speculated multiple possibilities in my head. Maybe a larger party with more people? Perhaps someplace more public? But I didn't know where that could be. Incorporating strangers? But that almost seemed a step back from entertaining people we knew.
"You, Todd, Landon, and Porter have your poker game this weekend, right? What if you suggested they have the game at the house this time? I would be willing to participate," Madilyn said. That was interesting to hear. Going back to the original group of guys could be seen as winding things back. But knowing her, she probably had something in mind that would more than make up for having the same audience.
"I'll talk with them about it, but I'm sure they will be onboard. They enjoyed the last time you hung out with us." I didn't wait long and sent out a group text to them proposing this. With the mention of Madilyn, all three gave an excited approval within minutes of sending the message out.
Throughout the next week, it became apparent that how our neighbors viewed us had changed. Walking along the sidewalk, people who attended our party greeted us more enthusiastically than ever and frequently asked when our next party would be. I could tell they looked at Madilyn through a different lens now. The men no longer had a look of curious lust, but now it was unfiltered lust. No longer having to imagine what her pussy looked like, they could just remember the events of last weekend. After having a fifty-year-old guy jump over his backyard fence to run up and greet her, Madilyn struggled to hide the big smile she had on her face.
The night before the poker game with my three friends, Madilyn informed me of a slight change in the plans. "I ran into Todd at the store. His 18-year-old nephew is living with him while attending college in the area. I extended an invitation to him for the game. Is that okay with you," she asked me. The major downside to inviting my three friends over for more entertainment was losing a lot of the shock factor that made the pool and neighborhood party so fun. But inviting over the nephew was making up for that. I was also excited to have a young and inexperienced guy present with my wife.
"Todd did mention that. Blake is his name, I think. It was really considerate of you to invite him, and I'm all for it. He just moved, and I'm sure he hasn't gotten out much yet."
The following day, I greeted my three friends as they entered our home. Todd introduced Blake to Madilyn, who responded by hugging the boy. We headed to the living room, the same room Madilyn was fingered just a week ago. We had a table set up with five chairs around it. "We need a sixth chair, don't we," Porter asked.
"Oh, I'm not playing. I'm no good at poker, and the last thing we need is to give you guys double the chance to take money from us," Madilyn joked.
"That's too bad. I was looking forward to hanging out with you tonight," Landon said. The cheerfulness was draining out of my three friends as they saw their chances for a repeat of the pool fun slipping away.
"Who says I'm not hanging out? Or are you saying you only want to hang out with me provided you have the opportunity to take my money," she responded, lifting the spirits right back up. "I'll be playing hostess. If you need drinks, snacks, or anything like that, let me know. Otherwise, I'll be here with you guys criticizing how much money my husband is losing to you card sharks."That prompted a round of laughs and reminders of how bad I had played the last time we got together.
Cards were dealt, and the game began. Through the first few hands, only small bets were made. Madilyn and I took the opportunity to learn more about Blake. He moved here from his mom's house, Todd's sister, about five hours away. He is studying journalism, and the local college is one of the best, apparently. He was a sweet kid. One who I would not mind showing off my wife to...
As usual, Madilyn and I had not traded one word about any plans for tonight. How far we were willing to see things go or how it would happen. Any planning or communication would ruin the game. Usually I had been relying on Madilyn to take the initiative. But I thought I might change that up today, and the perfect opportunity had just been given to me. It was the final round of betting, and I had crap hands. Blake was the only one still in, and I suspected he had a good hand. "Check," I said, indicating I was still in the game, for I didn't want to bet any additional money. I knew that Blake would immediately respond with a large bet, forcing me to fold and lose the money I had bet earlier in the hand.
"Before you say anything, Blake. I'll offer a trade. You fold, and my wife takes her top off and keeps it off for the rest of the night," I added.
Blake was looking at his cards and laughed at what he perceived as a joke I had just told. Not hearing anyone else laugh, he looked around at us, confused. "Wait, what," he asked. Madilyn didn't wait for confirmation and pulled the tank top over her head, revealing her bra. As a bonus, this wasn't a normal bra but was slightly sheer. This meant my wife's nipples were partly visible. Blake's eyes locked onto Madilyn's partially exposed tits, and his cards dropped out of his hands. "I fold..." he said quietly.
"Normally, honey, you wait until after someone agrees to the deal before showing them the goods. But good work," I joked. I grabbed the pile of chips but pulled out what Blake had bet this hand and pushed it back to him. "I'm giving back what you bet as you were totally unprepared for the deal you just accepted. But I'm totally keeping the rest of you crooks' money."
Madilyn went and grabbed ice to freshen up everyone's drinks. Individually, she went around the table and dropped a few pieces of ice into their drink. As she did this, she positioned her bust as close to their faces as possible. Her kindness was returned with a lot of men studdering out the words' thank you.' I won that hand easily.
I repeated the same strategy, trading my wife's shorts in exchange for Landon agreeing to fold, which was happily expected. I pulled in my latest winning and watched Madilyn spin to show off her newest thong. The front of the thong was also slightly sheer if you looked close enough, which we all did. I was off to my best start at poker ever, and my wife wasn't even nude yet.
With less covering her, the four guys played even worse. I was left with a full house that destroyed the single pairs each of them held and won another large pot. "Gary, I think you are treating our guest poorly by winning so many hands," Madilyn commented as she noticed my chip pile dwarfing the others.
"I wish you would have been there to point that out to Porter when we played at his place last time," I said in rebuttal.
Standing behind me, she was quiet for a moment and didn't argue with me further. "There. I hope this makes up for it," she then said. Not knowing what she was talking about, I turned around and saw her giant tits on full display with the bra that partially covered them long gone. I smiled big and laughed at the enormous eyes of Blake as he enjoyed the sight of my topless wife for the first time.
"Just so you know, Porter. When you end up taking all my money at the next game at your house, you don't need to expose yourself to me to make up for it," I joked to the unmarried man.
Now only wearing her thong, Madilyn stood next to Landon with her naked tits eye level with him and only inches away. All eyes were on her, and it was increasingly difficult for everyone to focus on the card game. I didn't mind winning, but I had an idea that could bring attention back to the game. "If I keep winning like this, the game will be over in less than half an hour, and you will all head home broke. Let's change this up. The winner of the next hand gets to enjoy feeling up my wife's chest," I declared. Madilyn didn't react in the slightest and stood silent next to Landon.
Blake looked to her. "I think that should be Madilyn's choice. Are you okay with that," he asked her, being a true gentleman who wanted to make sure she was consenting to her body being an object to win.
"You guys play the game however you like. Don't let me stop you guys," she replied, probably confusing Blake even more. But I loved it. With no other objections, I dealt out the cards. My only hope was that Porter wouldn't win as he previously got his fill of my wife's breasts. Worst case, though, we just repeat the bet. It would also be no fun if I won it, so I was prepared to throw the game.
Any other night I would have been ecstatic with the three-of-a-kind I was dealt right from the start, but I threw them away and ended up with a jack-high hand. Todd won it with his two pairs and, as a result, won my wife's 'pairs.' Madilyn didn't wait for instructions but walked right over to Todd and straddled him between her legs. Todd was more forward than the previous men to grope my wife and immediately took as much of her breasts in his hands as he could, not needing Madilyn to invite him to do so. He molded them in every way he fancied. Lifting them up, squeezing them together. The rest of us watched as Todd experienced the joy of her boobs.
Madilyn was also getting joy out of the experience. Her breasts were sensitive, as always, and she was gasping as Todd manipulated them in different ways. Two minutes in, she was red-faced and rubbing his arms. Todd then decided to get brave and push things further. He planted his face right into her tits and started licking her nipples. Madilyn did nothing to indicate her displeasure with this. Quite the opposite, as this action prompted her to let out a moan and arch her back, sticking her chest out for him to get even better access to it. Just as his hands had, his lips and tongue got to work exploring every inch of her tits. Madilyn looked as if her hips were starting to actively grind on Todd's lap.
I think she realized how far she was taking things and that the night was young. She hopped off of him and stood there exposed, red-faced, and breathing through a near orgasm. "I... Congrats on winning the last hand," she managed to say before excusing herself to go make a drink. We started up a normal game of betting with money, and she eventually returned having somewhat recovered.
After playing a few more normal hands, I decided it was time again. "A couple of you are looking really low on funds. I'll give you guys a break from losing your money and say the winner of this next hand gets a lap dance from my wife."
"I'll go find some music," Madilyn said, turning around and walking away in such a manner that swayed her bare ass back and forth beautifully.
By the time she returned, the winner had been decided. Landon had won with a weak but good enough pair of kings. It helped that I threw away a pair of aces I got on the draw. The CD was popped into the stereo, and with the music starting, Madilyn walked over to Landon's chair and pulled it away from the table with him still on it. She put her back to him and sat on his lap. She wiggled her thong-clad ass on his crotch and brought his hands on her tits. All three of my friends now have felt how awesome her breasts are. She spent a full minute in that position grinding her ass into his erection while getting her boobs stimulated again.
She turned herself around and straddled him, gyrating her hips extensively while he put one of his hands on her ass while the other continued to go to town on her tits, with special attention being paid to the nipples. Across the table, Blake was watching this unfold, and it looked like he had no idea what kind of poker game his uncle had brought him to.
Just as things were reaching a boil, Madilyn stood up. Was she calling this complete already? Pushing her hair out of her face, she turned around, giving Landon yet another close-up view of her ass. Bringing her hand to the sides of her thong, she slowly bent over and pushed down the tiny underwear as she went. The entirety of her ass was exposed, followed by her bare pussy, which had a slight glint of moisture on it. All three of my friends, in addition to young Blake, had now seen my wife's entire nude body. She turned around for no reason other than to give them a view of her body from the front as well.
She climbed on top of Landon, but she was facing away from him again. His hands explored her whole body, and he started kissing her neck. Madilyn grinded her now bare pussy hard into the very noticeable bulge in his pants. Taking hold of his right hand, she maneuvered it to her pussy, sending him a clear message about what she wanted. With that message received, he got to work rubbing his fingers along her labia while keeping his other hand free to stimulate my wife's tits. A winning strategy based on the strained expression her face showed.
Eventually, Landon settled on stimulating her clit, which put Madilyn's pleasure into overdrive. If it wasn't for his cock being secured in his pants, you would think they were fucking based on how they were acting. Madilyn was moaning and rubbing her pussy into his dick. Finally, her body gave way to an orgasm, and she literally fell out of the chair onto the floor. There, her body convulsed as she rode the waves of pleasure that my friend's fingering had given her.
Madilyn lay on the floor recovering so the rest of us could get back to playing for money. Blake continued to look like a deer in headlights as I think he realized he was a card or two away from being the one to finger-bang my wife. Don't worry, I thought about saying to him, one way or another, you'll get your hands on my wife. She shot up from the floor and offered to get drinks for anyone, which a few of us took her up on. She was fully naked and had already came. This is where things ended with our party last weekend, but I got the feeling we weren't even halfway done tonight.
After giving her a bit of recovery time, but not too long, I decided it was time for another bet. I was about to vocalize it before I stopped. The betting was too random, and the outcome was out of my control. There was, at best, a one-in-four chance I would get the outcome I wanted. Screw that. "I need to apologize, Blake. You probably think we've been taking advantage of you today in order to lighten your wallet," I said, pointing to his chip pile, the smallest on the table.
"No, I don't...," Blake started to protest, but Madilyn picked up on what I was dealing. She walked over to him and sat on his lap sideways, putting her legs perpendicular to his. She put her arm around his back for balance.
"I'm sorry my husband and his friends are being so mean to you, Blake. Maybe I can make up for it by being extra nice," she said to the young guy, running a finger down his chest.
"I really don't think anyone has been mean to me. You don't have to do this if you don't want to," a blushing Blake said.
"I want to do everything that you want to do," she whispered to him in his ears. I was glad I had sat next to Blake so I could hear the show. "And what we both want is for you to touch me. Everywhere." Almost comically, the young man gulped. Madilyn was breathing heavily into his ear as she anticipated his touch. With a trembling hand, he reached out and touched her thigh while his other put a hand on her arm.
She continued to whisper encouragement to him. "You're a sweet kid, but you're not going to get me to cum by touching my arm."
"You want me to make you cum," Blank asked, stuttering his words.
"For a start, yes. Now use those strong hands of yours," she said, putting his hands on her tit and pussy.
I wasn't sure how much the other three guys had heard of that, but they were watching intently. With Blake groping her breast, all five guys in the room had now experienced what my wife's chest felt like. Additionally, with his fingers now massaging her pussy, he joined an ever-growing club of men to pleasure her with their hands. As soon as his hands contacted her sexual organ, she let out a loud moan. She then turned her body to give him a better angle to finger her. She put her legs up on the table, which allowed her to spread them wide open. This gave the rest of us a great view of her pussy, and we watched Blake rub his fingers all over it.
"Penetrate me with your fingers. I want to feel you inside me," my wife said to him between moans. She wasn't whispering anymore, almost as if she wanted everyone to know what she was asking for. Blake's face made it look like he couldn't believe what was happening. College life is supposed to be full of crazy sexual experiences. Yet, probably the most insane event of his life came from hanging out with his uncle and his friends. But Blake did as was asked and stuck his pointer finger into her pussy. It slid in easily as my wife's cooter looked soaked.
"I said fingers, young man. I'm not some naive virgin girl you took back to your dorm. Give me a real finger fucking," Madilyn strongly suggested. Blake nodded, and his middle and ring finger joined in penetrating her. That was what she was looking for, and soon she had a vice grip on the chair as the college student pumped his three fingers in and out of her pussy.
Her face was right next to his when she turned to face him. "Kiss me, stud," she commanded and pulled his face into hers, which quickly turned into open-mouth kissing as the young man followed her lead. I was watching this guy finger-bang my fully naked wife, but somehow, kissing seemed to be the biggest boundary that was broken today. I was the first, and up to ten seconds ago, only man to have ever kissed her. But just as it always had, my mind was clear of jealousy and anger. Only lust and pride.
The kissing was short-lived, as Madilyn's heavy breathing and moans made it too difficult. Pulling her lips away from him she was hollering her words. "Faster! Use those fingers to fuck me as hard and fast as you can! I'm so fucking close! I'm going to cum all over your hands! FUCK!" She held onto her lover hard to brace herself as the orgasm hit her. Her muscles all over her body strained, and she went completely quiet. Suddenly, she took a sharp breath but then went back to looking like she could pass out. I had never seen her have such a drawn-out orgasm. Blake, bless his heart, never stopped fingering her, thus helping extend her pleasure. Finally, she was able to breathe again, and Blake withdrew from her satisfied pussy.
With a dazed face, she looked at the guy who had just given her this overwhelming feeling. They stared at each other for a bit before Madilyn started kissing him lightly on the lips. It looked like she was starting to get some energy back, and she could talk again. "I need you in my mouth. I want to make you feel good, too."
She slid off of him and started undoing his pants. This is what I had been thinking about non-stop ever since my wife suggested my friends join her outside by the pool several weeks ago. I was in denial for a bit that I would be good seeing Madilyn pleasure another man like this, but I was kidding myself. There is nothing more I want to see than her blow another man.
She got his pants undone and pulled them off of him, leaving only his boxers on that were poorly hiding the large erection he had. "Maybe this is going too far," Blake said worryingly, looking up at me.
"That's funny. I was just thinking this might not be going far enough with you after what you did for me," Madilyn said, looking up at him as she reached to pull down his boxers.
"It looks like Blake might be out for the next hand. Maybe just the three of us play a round or two," I suggested, giving her my approval in our own subtle ways. No cards were actually dealt, though, as who gave a fuck about poker right now?
My wife pulled the college student's boxers down, and his impressive cock flopped out. Throwing the boxers off the side, she stood up to admire the young man. My wife was naked and staring at the hard dick of another man. If she wanted to, in only a few second's time, she could sit on that cock and have full-on sex with him. My wife's pussy would have a stranger's dick in it and soon followed by his potent cum. I was almost shaking thinking about it, but that's not what happened.
Madilyn pushed the young man's chair backward about two feet, ensuring all of her guests could see what she was about to do. She got on her knees and took the cock into her hands, and stroked it. "You have an impressive penis. You've probably made a lot of young women happy with it," she said, looking up at him and rubbing it.
"I... I've actually never done this before," he admitted. Holy shit, my wife was going to be his first blow job. This was perfect.
"Well, a lot of girls in college are idiots. Don't worry. They'll learn. But I'm happy to be the first to experience this gorgeous dick. But why talk about it more when I could do this." She opened her mouth and took the entire length of him into her mouth. Her lips wrapped around the base of his shaft, and slowly, she lifted her head. Her lips slid against every inch of his cock up to the very tip. Once reaching the end, she took it out of her mouth and then used her tongue to tease the tip more before licking up and down the shaft, all while keeping eye contact with the young man.
"Oh fuck that's really good. I'm sorry but I don't know how long I'll..." he said as his face showed the desperation of man reaching his limit.
"Don't you dare feel bad about cumming. The faster you cum in my mouth, the better. I take it as a compliment," she said, reassuring the inexperienced boy.
With the time for teasing done, she took him back into her mouth. With increasing vigor, she ran her lips up and down his length. Soon, her hand was at his base and stroking him as well, giving him a simultaneous blow job and hand job. I smiled at the sight as it was my cock that she had spent years honing this method with. I had made her the master at pleasuring a man, which she was now displaying for others to see.
With a final declaration of "Fuck!" Blake unloaded the contents of his balls into my wife's mouth, who let out an erotic "Mmmm" noise when he did so. She continued to pump him for the next twenty seconds so as to not let a drop of the man's seed spill. Satisfied that she got it all, she withdrew his dick from her mouth. Without making eye contact with us, she turned to my three friends and me with her cheeks bulging out. Inside my wife, right this moment was a load of another man's sperm. She swallowed it and then stood up.
"Porter, all of your drink's ice has melted. I'm so sorry I didn't notice till now. I'll go get you some fresh cubes." Just like that, she was back in hostess mode. Never mind, she was just faced fucked a teenager. I dealt out cards to Todd, Landon, Porter, and myself. Blake sat there with his dick out, trying to comprehend how it came to be that a housewife just gave him his first sexual experience. Madilyn returned with ice, and Blake became aware that he should probably put his dick away. He found where my wife had thrown his boxers, and I dealt him into the next hand.
I could tell Madilyn's legs were shaky, and after bringing the ice, she found a chair, rather than a man's lap, to sit in. She was two orgasms in already, but she was still sticking around. As usual, I gave her some recovery time before moving on to more fun. What I wanted her to do next, to whom, and the excuse to do so eluded me. But I still had probably five more minutes before Madilyn would be ready. Or so I thought.
She got up out of her chair and walked over to Todd, who, having not noticed her somehow, jumped when the naked housewife appeared next to him. "Oh, sorry about that, Madilyn. I didn't see you there. Thank you for hosting us tonight, and thank you especially for making these mini-quesadillas. They are delicious. What kind of cheese is in these," he asked before taking a bite of one.
"Do you want to talk cheese choices or come with me to the couch so you can titty fuck me," she asked matter of fact like.
Todd choked on the bite he had taken and pounded his chest to get it down. "What," he said, coughing.
"I want you to pump your cock between my tits until you spray your cum all over me. Okay?" Blake looked over her naked body and shook his head in agreement. Madilyn grabbed his hands and led him to the couch.
"Take off your pants and climb on top of me," she instructed him while lying down on her back on the couch. Todd elected to take off his shirt as well as his pants, thus getting fully naked along with her.
"Madilyn, I... can't believe this is happening. I've always thought you were the hottest woman on the planet. Thank you so much for this," he said as he pulled his underwear off over his erection.
"You can thank me by covering my chest in your sperm," she anxiously said, looking at his newly revealed cock. Todd didn't delay anymore and joined her on the couch. Again I was witnessing a man with his hard dick out right next to my nude wife. If I was just walking into the situation, I would assume Todd was about to fuck my wife.
But he didn't and instead straddled her nude body around her stomach. Madilyn pulled her large breasts apart and invited his dick to take the place between them. "Holy fuck..." Todd said with a shaky voice as he positioned his manhood. My wife then squeezed her tits together, and my friend's dick fit perfectly like both were made for just this purpose.
Todd watched in a daze as a fantasy that just a week ago he thought would be impossible was fulfilled. "Don't just sit there. Pump that rock-hard rod into my tits. My chest has only one purpose right now, and that's your sexual pleasure. Have your way with them," Madilyn demanded.
Todd didn't disappoint and started running his dick in and out of her cleavage. Madilyn continued to manipulate her tits with her hands, pushing them in and out to further massage his sexual member. Her hands were eventually replaced by Todd's own, who took the opportunity to further grope my wife while he got a tit job from her. Her boobs were soon covered in fluids that were a combination of sweat and pre-cum from Todd.
Todd looked to be lost in his lust. He pumped my wife's tits harder and harder. Her body was his sex toy. Madilyn was faced with the sight of Todd's cock thrusting over and over at her. All the while, her tits were stimulated from all sides. She was loving this position. I wondered how close she was to giving in to her own lust and saying 'screw it' and asking my friend to fuck her.
The opportunity passed, though, as Todd pulled his dick out from between her tits and came all over her tits and upper chest with an impressive volume of cum. Madilyn was in ecstasy with the feeling of this man's seed on her chest. As Todd climbed off of her, my wife rubbed the cum all over her chest while moaning and writhing. Not able to help herself, she used a finger to wipe up a portion of it and taste it, vocalizing a loud 'mmmm.' With her hands covered in it, she even started rubbing around her inner thighs and groin. My friend's sperm was getting very close to my wife's pussy and womb. She was a master at this.
She calmed down and popped off the couch. But she made no effort to clean the cum off of her chest, electing to leave it there. Never had she looked hotter than naked and covered in another man's spum. "I'm so glad you enjoyed the quesadillas I made for you guys. I have some more made up in the kitchen. All I need to do is heat them up," she said, walking off.
Todd was getting his pants back on and addressed me. "Gary, are you seriously okay with Madilyn..." but before he could finish that very unneeded question, I interrupted him.
"...with her sharing her delicious snacks with you guys? Of course. You guys are my friends, I want you to. Besides, you've tasted it, Todd. It's too good not to share. And don't worry, Landon and Porter. You heard my wife. She's getting more ready now, just be patient." Both guys seemed to understand what I was saying. They had a look showing a combination of fear and extreme anxiousness.
Madilyn returned with the non-metaphorical snacks and we started playing some more hands. At this point, everyone knew poker was just something to do between the real fun. We played halfheartedly, with the only highlight being the view of my wife's naked, cum covered body. A minute later, it seemed that Madilyn had her next target in sight. She stared at Porter intently but didn't say anything to him. Porter noticed this himself and tried to avoid her gaze, only occasionally looking up to see if she still was looking, which she always was. I think the poor guy thought maybe he had been caught staring at Madilyn's body too much by her, and she was now mad at him. This only made sense, though, if you forgot that she just made two men cum while he watched on. In truth, a sexually aggressive woman like Madilyn was intimidating to him, not that he wasn't excited by what she could have planned.
"I want to feel your tongue on my pussy Porter," she finally spoke.
"Oh, so you want me to go down on you," my friend asked her.
"But I also want to feel you blow your load down my throat," she added. I squirmed in my seat, realizing what she planned to do with Porter.
Porter himself was slower on the uptake, but eventually, he figured it out. "Are you saying you want to 69 with me?"
"That's a great idea," she happily said, jumping up and down and jiggling her cum covered tits. "Get naked, lay on the floor, and I'll sit on your face and suck your cock," she commanded.
Porter didn't question her and ended up tripping on his pants as he took them off while walking over to the free floor space. Madilyn followed closely behind and then stood directly over him as he lay down on the floor with his cock sticking straight upwards. She stood with her legs spread apart and her pussy directly over Porter's face, but she paused. Putting a single finger into her mouth, she was watching his cock intensely. "God damn it, my husband's friends all have these fantastic cocks. I'm really tempted to sit on it."
Hearing that, a cold sweat developed all over me. Was she really about to do this? "You want to have sex with me," Porter asked, looking straight up at the vagina that might he might be about to penetrate.
Madilyn was silent for a moment. A moment that to me felt like hours. "I shouldn't. Besides, I really want to see what that mouth of yours can do. Besides, if I fuck you, I don't get to taste your cum," she said as the biggest tease.
She crouched down and drove her pussy into the mouth of Porter, who wasted no time getting his tongue all over her. Before she could get to work on his dick, she was taken aback by how pleasurable his mouth on her pussy was feeling. "Oh fuck Porter. You're making me think I made the right call letting you tongue fuck me. God damn, I'm going to have a hard time focusing on blowing you," she said with eyes closed and mouth agape. But she managed to get her head down and her lips around his penis. Another friend who knew the pleasure of my wife's body, not to mention the taste of her pussy.
Madilyn was working the cock hard with her mouth and not teasing it like she did with Blake's. All the while, she made noises that were muffled by the sexual organ in her mouth. Some of the noises were an 'mmm,' which sounded like she was enjoying the taste of the second cock in her mouth of the today. Others were more panicked and desperate, sounding like Porter's tongue was making excellent progress on her. Todd, Landon, Blake, and I got out of our seats to get a better view of the show. In particular, I liked the view from Madilyn's backside, where I could see Porter's tongue going a mile a minute on her. Her ass was in a constant state of spasm.
With louder and louder grunts and penis-muffled moans, she reached her limit. Her third orgasm from as many guys hit her, and she had to get the dick out of her mouth, yelling out, "I'm cumming!" But her hand held the cock in position, and Porter had also reached his own climax and proceeded to spray my wife's face with his cum. Her face contorted in orgasm but was simultaneously coated. I love this woman.
She rolled off of her latest lover and lay on the floor in agony as the after-effects of cumming still impacted her. Five guys watched my wife naked and covered with two men's cum. I knew there was no way she wasn't going to leave Landon, the only one not to cum. But how she would do it was unknown.
None of us would have to wait long to find out. We didn't go back to the pool table, and Madilyn didn't go back into the innocent hostess mode. "Landon. Get your cock out and get on top of me. I need you now," she said to him. As Landon took off all his clothes, I was left wondering what she meant. Did 'get on top of me' mean she wants him to fuck her? Landon wasn't going to ask and got on top of her. His cock was hard and ready for anything.
She pulled his face in and kissed him passionately. His cock rubbed over her lower stomach as they kissed, inches away from penetrating her. Either one of them could make a small adjustment and begin fucking. This went on for several minutes until Madilyn pushed him off her and onto his back. She got on top and took hold of his cock with her hand. She held it as her dripping pussy hovered over it. This was it. She was going to fuck him.
She pressed his cock flat against his stomach, with it pointing upwards towards his belly button. She then lowered herself onto him such that her labia rested right on his shift. There wasn't any penetration, but my wife has a cock up against her pussy. She rocked her hips back and forth and rubbed herself up and down his shaft, covering it in her juices. I couldn't imagine them getting any closer to fucking without actually doing the deed.
Madilyn looked me in the eyes, which was the first time she had acknowledged me in a while. But she addressed the man who's cock she felt up against her. "Landon, does my pussy feel good sliding up and down your dick?" Landon was helping himself to two handfuls of her tits at the time. Two weeks ago, these guys were shy about sneaking a peek at my wife in a bikini. Now look at them.
"Oh god, yes. It's amazing," he said.
"Would it feel even better if I let you put your penis inside my pussy," she asked, continuing to lock eyes with me. I stood perfectly still, trying not to give a hint of what I was thinking.
"Are you serious? You want to fuck me? I would love that," my friend informed her.
"Your cock would feel amazing inside me. Stretching me out so satisfyingly, I would cum so fast." Madilyn was working her way further down his cock, towards his head. "You would be only the second man to even be inside me, you know? You would forever be the second man to fuck me."
Her pussy was now dangerously close to the head of his cock. A slightly deeper forward thrust of her hips and Landon would slip inside her. "If I did, let you fuck me, Landon. Would you promise to cum inside me? I would want every drop of your cum in me. Who knows. Maybe you would even knock me up." I watch her pussy get centimeters away from letting the cock in her.
"Oh god, Madilyn, I'm going to cum," Landon declared. Hearing that, Madilyn got off him and laid on her back with her legs spread wide.
"Cum on my pussy Landon," she yelled. Landon got up and made his way over to where she lay.
"On?" He asked, seeking clarification.
"Cover my vagina in your seed. Do it!" With a few quick strokes of his dick, he let out a stream of cum that landed right on target. Several other quick streams followed, and soon, my wife's vagina was a cum covered mess. Madilyn did nothing but watch as her latest lover doused her. When he was done, she sat up and admired his work. She, of course, lapped some up with her finger to taste. Then, looking at me again, she covered her finger in more of my friend's cum and then fingered herself inside her pussy with it, smiling at me. She didn't end up fucking Landon, but a small amount of his cum did end up inside her.
I had seen enough and knew it was my turn. I walked over to where she sat and pulled my shirt over my head. Madilyn scrambled to get my pants off and pulled down my boxers as well. Finally, it was time for my own dick to make an appearance. Despite us being married for years, Madilyn gasped when she came face to face with it. My friends may have great cocks, but nothing beats the original Madilyn fucker. I pushed her down to the floor, and in a single thrust, I was in her. "Oh fuck yeah, honey," Madilyn cried. She smelled like the cum of three different men, but god damn, I wanted her more than ever before in my life.
Madilyn herself was wetter than I had ever felt her before. She wrapped her legs around me, and I got in as deep as possible. Three different men had made her cum tonight, but I wouldn't rest until she got her fourth. She yelled, "Oh God!" repeatedly as her eyes twitched. She needed this as much as me. My wife was a sexual machine. She looked me in the eyes, and I watched as her facial muscles contorted, and I knew I had succeeded. Just as she was released from the strain of her fourth orgasm of the night, I unleashed my first inside her. Whatever small amount of Landon's sperm Madilyn had fingered inside herself, I had just overwhelmed with my own.
My three friends and Blake watched all of this happen. It was the first time Madilyn and I had ever had an audience while we fucked, although in the moment, I didn't even care. I got off of her, and with cum dripping off my dong, I turned back into host mode. "Shall we play a few more hands and see if you guys can win back any of your money?"
We ended up playing about thirty more minutes. Madilyn never got up from where I fucked her. Instead, she just lightly caressed her naked body with her hands and enjoyed the feel, taste, and smell of all the different men's cum that was on and inside her. Finally, Todd and Blake said they needed to head out, and Landon and Porter followed suit. Madilyn got up to see them out. Closing the door as the last of them left, Madilyn excused herself to take a shower. The greatest night of my life had just ended. But that title was soon taken by another night.
Madilyn and I, over the next week, returned to our normal routine and didn't discuss poker night. My three friends were immediately messaging me the next day with ideas to play other board games, darts, drinking contests, or anything else that came to mind. But always attaching the idea of having Madilyn join the fun. I made up excuses that the wife and I were busy over the next few weekends. They were great fun, but if Madilyn wanted to keep things going, it would be most fun to incorporate fresh faces into the mix.
As we neared the end of the week, I waited to see what idea or with whom Madilyn might propose our next adventure. Thursday evening, she reminded me of something. "Don't forget, Saturday night, we're hosting Kenny, Colt, and Juliet." This was something that was planned over two months ago. Kenny is my younger brother. He's nineteen and just finished his first year of college. Colt was my older brother by about ten years, and Juliet was his wife. I hadn't seen them in a while, so they made plans to drive up and visit us this Saturday. I had been looking forward to it, but now I knew it was blocking any possibility of the fun the wife and I had been having.
Saturday, around 5pm, my two brothers and sister-in-law arrived. I greeted them warmly and tried to not let my disappointment impact my mood. It wasn't any of their fault, of course. My brothers told me about school and their jobs respectfully, and I told them what was happening in my life. I failed to mention that an increasingly large amount of men had seen and felt my wife naked. Marilyn herself elected not to bring up that she had successfully made five different men orgasm last weekend.
Later in the night, Kenny and Colt were remembering an embarrassing story about me with Madilyn. Not needing to hear this story again, I joined Juliet in the living room on the couch. "How are you doing today, Juliet," I asked her, with this being the first time she and I had talked one-on-one since they arrived.
"I'm doing good, Gary, thank you for asking. Also, don't worry. I haven't mentioned anything about you and Madilyn's plans for tonight to your brothers," she said, making a zipping motion across her mouth.
"Plans?" I asked, but before I could question further, Madilyn spoke up so that we all could hear her.
"Thank you all for joining us tonight. Gary has prepared a very special treat for you all tonight," she said as Juliet sat up and clapped her hands together in excitement. "And that treat is me. My body is for you all to do with whatever you please." Madilyn pulled her top off and, without any further pause, reached back and undid her bra, leaving her topless.
My two brothers looked completely stunned but watched nonetheless. I felt myself go pale. This was taking me by complete surprise. I had been prepared and excited for friends and neighbors to see and be pleasured by my wife's naked body. But my own brothers? Was that something I wanted?
Madilyn pulled her pants off, and a familiar-looking thong was all that was left covering her body. She reached to pull it down, but looking at Kenny, my younger brother, she changed her plan. Walking over to him with swaying tits, she asked him. "Kenny, would you mind pulling down my thong so you and your brother can see my pussy?" The teenager was at a loss for words but reached out to her with shaky hands.
But before he could expose her, Colt spoke up. "Hold up. Are you okay with this, Gary? You want us looking at Madilyn's nude body," he said, giving me a very skeptical look.
In every other scenario Madilyn and I had created like this, I always showed confidence and had a clever retort whenever someone questioned what was happening. This time, I had none of that. My throat felt bone dry, and I had trouble processing what was happening in my head. I couldn't get over the fact that I was seeing my wife's large, naked tits right next to my little teenage brother. But I managed to say, "You bet," while giving a thumbs up.
"No one said we were stopping at just looking either Colt," Madilyn added. Colt turned around and looked at her, but before he could question what that meant, she loudly told Kenny, "Now release my pussy!" Kenny did just that, and my closest family members were now witness to my wife's bare pussy.
"Hey Kenny. Do you want to see what I look like when I cum," she asked, further tormenting the young boy.
"I... what," was all he managed to say in reply. Madilyn walked to an open area of the floor and lay down, spreading her legs as open as they could. "Dear lord in heaven," Colt said, looking at the sight of my wife spread-eagled. Madilyn gave her hand a healthy lick and then plunged three of her fingers into her pussy, gasping out loud when she did so. The fingers started vigorously moving in and out of her.
She looked over at me with a devious look. "Should I tell them how we got here, honey?" I mouthed something incomprehensible, which my wife took as a go-ahead to reveal everything to my family.
"Three weeks ago, Gary's best friends were over. They've always lusted after me, so I wore my skimpiest bikini around them. But even that wasn't enough for a slut like me, so I went fully topless for them. I even let one of them grope my breast until I almost came. Afterward, Gary fucked me so hard." Madilyn paused to change positions. She got on all four with her ass sticking out towards us. She started fingering her clit and continued giving us a tour of our horny weekends.
"The next week, we had like sixteen of our neighbors over. Almost all of them were men. I made an excuse to get fully naked in front of them, just like I did with you boys. I ended up on the lap of a middle-aged divorcee who groped and fingered me. I came so hard in front of all of our guests. After everyone left, Gary fucked me even harder than before." Madilyn got up from the floor and walked over to my younger brother. Getting right next to him, she continued fingering herself and telling the story.
"Last weekend was when things got really hot. Gary's friends came over along with one of their nephews who was your age Kenny." As she mentioned this, she ran her hand down his front, stopping just above his crotch. "We played poker or something, but really, they took turns having fun with me. After they all groped and fingered my nude body, I couldn't take anymore, and I blew the nephew. God, his cum tasted good. The next friend used my tits as a sex toy for his penis and covered me with his cum. I needed another cock in my mouth, so I 69ed with the second friend. That gave me my third orgasm of the night. Finally, I was really tempted to fuck the last friend. I slid my pussy up and down his shaft until I let him cum all over my vagina. I even fingered some of it into me. Not even waiting for our friends to go home, Gary and I had the best sex of our lives with all of them watching."
"Why are you telling us this, Madilyn," Colt questioned. Madilyn looked at him with lustful eyes, but then her body convulsed, and she bent forward in beautiful agony.
"I'm cumming! I'm cumming! In front of my husband's brothers!" Which was precisely what she did. She picked herself back up and then addressed my older brother's question. "I told you all of that because none of it will compare to what I'm going to do with you guys tonight." I almost came in my pants hearing that.
My brothers looked at each other in disbelief. "Now, who wants to fuck me first?" Madilyn asked, making what she wanted to happen next very clear. I had been dreaming about finally seeing my wife let another man fuck her, My friends, our neighbor, even a stranger. But seeing my brothers do this to her was giving me complex feelings. She got an immediate volunteer, and it wasn't from a source I had expected.
"We will! Oh man, have I been looking forward to this," Juliet said, popping up from the touch. She pulled her shirt off as she got ready for the deed.
"Woah woah woah. You can't be serious, Juliet? Do you seriously think I'm okay with you having sex with someone else? Even if it is with another woman like Madilyn? It's still cheating," he argued. Juliet wasn't swayed and pulled off her pants, leaving her in only her underwear.
"How is it cheating if at the same time she's going down on me, you're balls deep in her? I said 'we', not I. Now get your dick out and fuck that hot chick," his wife demanded as she pulled her panties off.
"You... you want me to fuck Madilyn?"
"It's what Gary and Madilyn want. Also, she's really good-looking. That pussy of hers is gorgeous. Also, I've wanted to get my clam slammed by her tongue since I met her. So don't ruin this for me by pussying out. Fuck her and fuck her hard, Colt," Juliet said, showing a side none of us, including her husband, had ever seen.
She lay down on the floor and spread her legs. Madilyn licked her lips and got on all floors with her face inches away from Colt's wife's pussy. But before she plunged into it with her tongue, she looked back at Colt and wiggled her ass, inviting him in.
Colt looked at me, very conflicted. "Are you really okay with this," he asked me, seeking permission to fuck my wife. After a few false starts, I got the words "Of course" out of my mouth with a thumbs up. My older brother had the all-clear from me, apparently, to smash my wife's pussy with his cock. He looked at me for a moment more, giving me the chance to rescind the invitation I just gave him, but I said nothing. He turned to the sight of my wife's glistening pussy. He started undoing his belt, and I knew this was really going to happen. His pants hit the floor, and he stepped out of them and closer to Madilyn. She was panting as she watched with great anticipation for the appearance of the penis that would soon pleasure her. The sight she desired came as my brother pulled out his penis from inside his boxers. Juliet, still sitting with her legs spread and awaiting Madilyn's tongue, nodded in approval.
Colt was right behind my wife and put her hands on her ass, rubbing it for a bit. He still looked uncertain, so Madilyn addressed him. "Your beautiful cock will be only the second one to ever be inside me. Thank you for doing this, Colt. I hope my pussy will feel good for you as you smash it and watch your wife cum as I lick every inch of her delicious pussy. So go ahead whenever you are ready."
Rubbing my wife's ass for a few moments more, he took a deep breath, then did the deed. "Aaaaaa.... god!" Madilyn squealed as Colt plunged his dick into her. Colt waited a moment and seemed to be savoring the feeling of her insides before slowly gyrating his hips to pump her pussy back and forth. Madilyn's eyes looked like they would go into the back of her head, but then she brought herself back and remembered she had a job to do. And that job was making the wife of the man currently fucking her cum.
Madilyn leaned down and licked up the entire length of Juliet's pussy. "Oh, Jesus Christ," the receiver of this lick cried out, trying to grab the carpet to steady herself. In a ten-second span, I witnessed my wife's first lesbian encounter, her first extra-martial fuck, and her first threesome begin. And I was positioned ten feet away from all of this.
I watched as Madilyn's ass jiggled every time my brother thrust his cock into her. Juliet grabbed her hair and further spread her legs as she looked to be overwhelmed by the feelings my wife's tongue was giving her. Colt's hands rubbed Madilyn's bare back as he had bareback sex with her. Getting bolder and caught up in his own lust, he even gave her butt a solid slap which prompted a loud moan from her. Juliet sounded like she was crying as Madilyn was relentless with her tongue fucking.
My eyes darted back and forth, watching as every part of my wife's body was exploited for this married couple's pleasure. Juliet even was able to reach down and feel up Madilyn's tits as they swayed heavily from the pounding her pussy was getting. Colt's body was dripping with sweat as he seemed to be reaching the breaking point. "I'm getting close. Where do you want me to cum, Madilyn? On your back?"
She took a moment's break from her lesbian lover's pussy to address the question. "Inside me, of course. Load me up."
"Are... you on birth control then?"
"No, but that doesn't matter. I said I want to feel your cum rushing into my womb, so do it," Madilyn commanded, getting annoyed.
"Fill this hot bitch up, honey," Juliet said, anxious to get her bean flicked more by Madilyn's tongue.
"I'm not comfortable with the possibility of getting my brother's wife pregnant. Gary...," but before I could attempt to even get a word out, Madilyn took charge.
"Gary's pussy isn't quivering at the thought of you giving me a giant cream pie and overflowing my fertile womb with your potent sperm. Mine is. So man up and cum inside me."
"Impregnate the slut, babe," Juliet said on the floor. Colt continued to look conflicted but hadn't yet interrupted his thrust into my wife. Looking more and more panicked, he eventually broke. His face showed it all as he came inside my wife, putting every drop of sperm he had into her.
Madilyn's moans, which had been almost deafening, got even louder from the feeling of being seeded by her brother-in-law. On the lesbian end of things, Juliet suddenly pushed Madilyn off of her and curled up into a spasming ball where it seemed like her own orgasm lasted nearly half a minute.
Colt withdrew from Madilyn, fell onto the floor, and tried to catch his breath. With her body cock free, Madilyn sat on her side, looking exhausted but ecstatic. Colt and she made eye contact, and he started to ask, "Did you...," to which Madilyn immediately replied, "Twice, you fucking animal."
Juliet sat up and looked at Madilyn as well. "Was I really your first time having lesbian sex, Madilyn? You were incredible. I didn't know my body was capable of making me feel those things."
My wife turned to her lesbian lover. "You honestly were the first pussy I've even touched besides my own. But I've spent the past two weeks watching amateur lesbian porn nonstop every single minute Gary was away at work. So I may have learned a few tricks."
I watched as my brother and sister-in-law discussed the orgasms my wife gave and received from them. I could also clearly cum leaking out of her pussy as she sat there casually conversing with them. I had just witnessed my wife get seemingly sexually exploited by my brother, and the thought that kept popping into my mind was: perfection. I was so unsure earlier, but seeing my brother be the first man to fuck my wife out of marriage was the hottest fucking thing ever. It was so naughty. At every family get-together, I will see the two of them talking, and all I will think about is him giving her those two orgasms and filling her with cum. It's so fucking awesome. My wife is a sexual genius.
Madilyn turned her attention to someone I had almost forgotten was even here. My teenage younger brother Kenny. During this whole orgy, he had been in the corner of the room, watching silently. "Enjoy the show, Kenny? The best thing about it is it's interactive. Come on over here. I won't bite. I'll suck, jerk, cum, and fuck. But I'm not into biting," Madilyn said, standing up and beckoning him over.
"I've never... been with anyone before," he admitted, taking a single step towards her.
"You're a virgin? What the fuck is wrong with college girls these days? Well, that's even more exciting, as I will be your first. I promise I'll be a good first fuck for you. You'll be my third, as I'm sure you figured out." If Madilyn got her way here, and I prayed to god that she did, all of her sexual partners will have been brothers. Me and my brothers.
"I don't know if it's a good idea for you to be my first. I was hoping it would be with a girlfriend that I'll get in the future."
Madilyn gave a dismissive wave upon hearing that. "You could do that. Maybe in two years, you get a girlfriend with mosquito bites for tits and an ass flatter than a dried-up lake bed. She'll probably think all she needs to do during sex is have a vagina. Or you get with me, here and now, and see how a real woman with giant tits like these fucks. And by fucks, I mean gives you a world-shaking orgasm where you will unleash more cum inside me than you thought you ever had. Get over here, Kenny, and have your way with me," she said, rubbing her nude body.
Kenny looked convinced and took several more steps before suddenly stopping. "Wait. You said before that you could get pregnant. I don't want to become a dad at nineteen. Maybe I should wear a condom, at least."
"And have your first time blemished by not feeling your bare dick inside my hot wet pussy? Bad idea. Also, in the very unlikely event you or your brother do knock me up. I'll just lie and tell Gary it's his." God damn, I love this woman.
Not able to wait any longer, Madilyn approached the young man herself, and, grabbing hold of his head, she forced her tongue into his mouth. Standing there making out with my naked wife, slowly Kenny seemed to relax, and his hands found their way to bare back of Madilyn. From there, they worked their way downwards, and eventually, he found himself groping her bare ass. She pulled away from his and crouched down. She undid his pants and pulled them down, with only his boxers now covering his dick. My wife, eager to complete her trifecta of brother cocks, reached into the boxers and pulled out his erect cock, gasping at the sight of it. "Best cock I've seen yet," she declared before opening her mouth and taking it in.
"Oh fuck!" Kenny said as he felt the lips of my wife run down his shaft.
"Mmmm," Madilyn vocalized, being delighted by the taste of the cock in her mouth. She only spent a few moments giving him his first experience with oral before moving on to what she really wanted. After withdrawing him from her mouth, she laid down on her back on the floor. Spreading her legs wide, she told the young man, "No more foreplay, no more teasing. Get down here and fuck me hard and fast. Let's get you laid, big guy." Having felt a taste of the pleasure my wife could give him, Kenny didn't hesitate. He practically dove into her embrace, and within seconds, his dick found its mark. And that mark was my wife's pussy.
Both lovers groaned about how good the other felt. I was faced with the sight of another of my brothers having barebacked sex with my wife. It wasn't any less hot the second time. I was very tempted to urge my younger brother to fuck her harder and deeper, but I kept silent. It was his first time, and I'll leave him be. But Kenny did fuck her eagerly, and Madilyn expressed her encouragement. "God damn. Are you sure you're a virgin? Maybe it's just because you have a fantastic cock, but you are driving me crazy with it right now. Fuck!" Her arms and legs kicked and squirmed underneath Kenny as he continued to slam her clam.
"I'm... I'm going to finish soon," he said, looking a bit ashamed that he wasn't lasting longer.
"About fucking time, stud," Madilyn said, which seemed to wash away any shame Kenny had. "My pussy has been soaked all day in anticipation for you to fill me with your cum. Shame on you for lasting as long as you have. Now stop teasing and seed me!" Those were the magic words, and with one last thrust, another of my brothers came inside my wife. She yelled out in delight, and Madilyn had taken his virginity in every sense of the word.
All three of my wife's lovers lay on the floor around her, basking in the afterglow of the orgasms she had given them. "Thank you for that, Madilyn. I feel stupid for being reluctant to agree to it at first, but I'm so glad you were my first," Kenny admitted to her.
"You're welcome, but I just really wanted to fuck you. If you think the first time was hot, just you wait," Madailyn replied.
Kenny's eyes lit up. "Are we going to...," he said before Madilyn spoke over him.
"Fuck more? Did you really think I would let you get away with only cumming inside me once? I got you guys till Sunday evening. Speaking of which, I'm wasting time talking when I could be getting you up for round two..."
Madilyn crawled over to where Kenny lay. As she wiggled over to him, I could again see cum leaking out of her pussy. The cum of my two brothers. Upon reaching him, Madilyn started licking his deflated cock and the cum that was left on it from when they last fucked. Her hands explored his body, rubbing down his chest and thighs and cupping his balls. After a few minutes of this she had successfully gotten the young man hard again. "There's my new best friend," Madilyn said after he reached his maximum size. "Now, what to do with you?" She looked over at Colt, who had also achieved another erection. "Why have one hot guy fuck me when I could have two?" Oh, dear lord, yes.
"Cocks, stand up and approach me. I want to feel you both inside me at the same time," Madilyn commanded. They did as they were told and stood up but weren't picking up what she meant. I knew exactly where this was heading. "What, you want to blow one of us while the other fucks you," Colt asked.
"As hot as that sounds, and we will be doing that later, that's not what I meant."
"Then how are we both going to be inside you at the same time," my innocent, naive brother Kenny asked.
Madilyn smiled at him and gently caressed his face. "I got two holes down there, don't I?"
Both of my brothers were shocked at hearing my wife wanted to get double penetrated by them. This was what I knew she meant from the start. I thought taking my little brother's virginity would be the climax of this weekend, but then Madilyn found another boundary to blow through. Madilyn has never had anal sex before. She has always told me it was not of interest to her, which I respected. Now she was going to let another man, one of my brothers, be the first to fuck her ass.
"Colt, get behind me and lift me up. Lower my asshole down onto your dick," Madilyn said, taking charge once again and revealing who would be her first anal partner. Colt looked to his wife, concerned things were going too far. Juliet was still naked on the ground where she came from the earlier lesbian sex.
She caught her husband's worried look. "What are you looking at me for, honey? You're the one with the cock. I'd volunteer for the job if I had one. Inseminate that slut's ass, babe!" I was beginning to think my brothers and I had a talent for attracting women who were secretly highly kinky.
With approvals all around, Colt got behind my wife and lifted her up by her legs. He had a muscular build, and Madilyn was able to assist by holding onto a couple of nearby chairs. He positioned his cock directly underneath her ass. Using a free hand, Madilyn reached down and took hold of my brother's cock. Colt started lowering her down, and Madilyn guided the tip of his dick to her asshole. The tip was inserted, and at the instructions of her, Colt lowered her down about three inches as his cock penetrated into her ass. My wife's anal virginity was gone.
Madilyn's head shot upwards as her face looked highly strained. Kenny, standing in front of her, looked concerned. "Are you okay, Madilyn?"
"Fuck that's intense. But no. I'm not good until you get that cock of yours in my pussy," she said, relaxing her facial expression a bit. Kenny approached her and grabbed her legs, spreading them and taking some weight off Colt. Again with the help of Madilyn's hand, she guided him into her pussy. With the head of his dick in position, he thrust into her, and my wife had both of my brother's cocks in her.
After a minute of fumbling, both men were able to get into sync and simultaneously lift my wife's body up and down on their rock-hard rods. The combination of two dicks penetrating her and her first experience with anal sex looked overwhelming to Madilyn, but she toughed it out. As she continued to be double pumped, she wailed loudly to the point where I'm sure our next-door neighbors could hear her. "My ass is cumming! How the fuck is my ass cumming," she yelled before digging her hands into Kenny's shoulders as she rode through the unique orgasm. Madilyn may have hoped that hearing her cum may have prompted both men to cum themselves, but that didn't happen. Both continued thrusting uninterrupted. Kenny, in particular, held strong, having experienced a woman's once already.
"God damn it, you fucking guys. Fill me with your cum already. I'm going to pass out. Oh fuck," my wife complained as it seemed the men hit a particularly sensitive spot in her pussy, ass, or both. But they kept going, and Colt seemed to be getting his dick deeper and deeper into her. I watched this beautiful scene from the couch I had been sitting on the whole time. Looking to my side, I realized at some point, Juliet had moved from the spot where she had lesbian sex to a few feet away from me on the floor.
She was still totally naked and was now fingering herself as she watched her husband ram my wife's ass. "God, that's the hottest fucking thing I've seen in my life. I don't think professional porn will ever do it for me again." She looked up at me and made one thing clear. "Your wife's incredible. I could never do anything like this. The only dick I will ever let me fuck me is my husband's." Our attention was quickly drawn back to Madilyn as she yelled about another orgasm hitting her.
With my wife nearly about to pass out from the intense pleasure, my brothers finally relented. Colt, finally fully penetrating her ass with his cock, strongly grunted and filled it up with his cum. Five seconds later, Kenny added to cum he had already deposited into her womb with a fresh load. The men lifted her off of their cocks, and she collapsed onto the floor. Despite talking up a big game earlier, Madilyn was barely able to make it through the experience of being double penetrated.
The evening was young, and it was open season on my wife's body. Half an hour later and Kenny became the second man to cum in Madilyn's ass. From there, both brothers used her body in whatever way they fancied, including railing her from behind while she blew the other. Their stamina seemed unending. When they did need to recover, Juliet would swoop in and take Madilyn for herself. Madilyn herself learned the joy of cumming from oral sex by another woman, and soon they both got to experience the lesbian 69 position. Madilyn's pussy was constantly being filled with cum which Juliet would inevitably lap up when it was her turn with my wife. The whole evening, there was rarely a time when Madilyn wasn't being used for someone's sexual satisfaction.
I was solely a spectator for all of this. Never allowed to touch or participate, not that I ever asked. My time would come, but for now, it was theirs. That night, Madilyn never came to bed, and I slept alone. Instead, she elected to share a bed with Kenny. However, when I awoke in the morning, I found her in Colt's bedroom, where she was giving Kenny a tit job while Colt ass fucked her. Juliet was, of course, in the room masturbating and awaiting her turn with the oversexed housewife.
By Sunday afternoon, the men were spent, and Madilyn and Juliet complained that their tongues hurt, although they continued to finger each other vigorously. They all finally admitted it was probably time for them to leave. I shook their hands as they left while Madilyn made out with each of them as a goodbye. A final glance at my wife's nude body, and the door closed. I looked over to Madilyn and smiled. "Thank you for that, honey. You are the best wife I could ever hope for."
She frowned at me. "The only words I want to hear saying right now is 'I'm cumming.' Until then, shut up and fuck me like you have two days of sexual frustration pent up inside you." Three hours later, we realized that the living room couch needed a thorough cleaning.
****
With the requested beers in hand, I opened the door to the backyard and headed towards the pool. Madilyn's tits were well-lit in the afternoon sun as she was riding on top of Porter's cock. "What's the score," I asked.
"Porter here is working on his fifth load while Landon just deposited his fourth in my pussy. Todd is sitting at two," Madilyn said as she focused on driving my friend's dick as deep as possible in her.
I looked over at Todd. "Only two?"
"Hey, I'm just getting started. I'm a cum from behind kind of guy."
"We will see. But finish up so I can show you how to really fuck my wife. I got her to squirt last weekend when I had my boss and coworkers over."
"Don't tell them that, Gary!" Madilyn complained as she felt more cum being unloaded inside her.
I sat down, opened my fresh beer, and watched as Todd prepared to mount Madilyn from behind. She was gorgeous, and she finally knew it.