Author's note: This story involves "little" (ddlg) fantasies. All characters are, of course, adults over the age of 18. If you're into it, keep reading :)
I'm always interested to hear your thoughts so please leave a comment or send me feedback!
*
Take the Fair Face of Woman
And Gently Suspending
With Butterflies, Flowers, and Jewels Attending,
Thus Your Fairy is Made of Most Beautiful Things
-Sophie Gengembre Anderson
One week earlier
We recently discovered that I like being pampered, so it made sense that Wynn was surprised when I told him I wanted to spend my birthday camping with him.
"You always tell me how peaceful and beautiful it is out there in nature, and...owww."
I was perched on Wynn's knee and he was carefully brushing my thick hair.
"Sorry, darling." He put the brush down to gently work through the knot. "Really, you want to camp with me...like, in a tent?"
"I want to experience it with you. I think it could be...romantic." This word had certain implications for us. I knew that Wynn was completely in love with me, and he always told me he enjoyed just spending time together. He never made me feel pressured. He probably thought I wanted to reach more milestones in our relationship, or that I wasn't interested in doing it with anyone.
The opposite was true. Wynn was my dream man, and every time I was near him, currents of passion coursed through me. But every time it seemed like we were getting somewhere, something would interrupt us, or worse, I would freeze up. When I was alone I would read women's articles about "how to turn him on", or worse "how to share your freakiest fantasies", but it all seemed like it was from some alternate universe, and the idea of telling him what I want in bed made me burn with shame I recognized. It was the same feeling that made me feel guilty after masturbating, and suggested that girls like me should only wear clothes that are about two sizes too large.
But Wynn loved my body, and his patience inspired me to want to reach a new level of intimacy with him and even myself. This camping trip was part of that. I imagined us stargazing on a clear night, hand in hand; with only fireflies, crickets, and the moon for ambiance. We could get rid of distractions, and connect more deeply than ever before.
"I have been wanting to go away somewhere together..." Wynn parted my hair and I handed him a scrunchie.
Wynn and I didn't have the money yet for any elaborate vacations, especially since we were beginning to save whatever we could for our future together. Camping would be perfect, and we could get away from the distractions of careless roommates, nosy family members, and college papers, even if only for the weekend.
"Wynn? What do you think?" I insisted. "Wouldn't it be perfect?"
Wynn smiled and admired his hairstyling skills in the mirror. Two neat pigtails. "Yes, perfect."
"So we can go for my birthday? Next weekend?" I bounced in his lap, excitedly.
"Yes, of course, Rhiannon. Anything for the birthday girl."
Thursday
"Am I allowed to open my presents? Are we there yet?" I was whining, but Wynn didn't seem to mind. I didn't know why but with him, especially on long days, I seemed to slip into acting like a little girl.
"Not yet, to both." He smiled, and with one hand on the steering wheel, he rested the other on my bare knee.
I thought about holding his hand, or maybe pulling it higher on my thigh. But a minute passed and he took his hand away.
You'll be twenty tomorrow, Rhiannon, I told myself. It's time to stop freezing up. Wynn loves me and nothing else matters.
Wynn turned off the highway and onto a slower road with fields on either side, then gravel crunched under the SUV we'd borrowed on a winding, tree-lined road. As we drove into the forest, the thick foliage started to block out the late afternoon sun. The deeper we got into the dense autumn woods, it seemed like I could only see about five feet into the trees on either side. We turned onto an even narrower path and branches scraped at the windows.
"Are you sure you know where we're going?" Of course he did, he had been coming here for years, even by himself a few times.
"Yes, Princess." For this trip, Wynn had chosen a hidden clearing, a bit of a drive from the regular campsite, so it would be more private. There was a view of the lake and mountains, and some hiking trails that would be beautiful with the orange leaves.
But he stopped the vehicle at the end of the dirt path, we could hear voices. A group of teenagers were drinking by a huge campfire. One of the campers ran up to the driver's side window. "Oh, were we making too much noise?"
"No...I was just checking if the site was available."
"Sorry!...You can join us if you like."
"Uhh, no it's okay, we'll go back to the main campsite. Thanks!"
I was relieved that we would be returning to the more populated areas, but after a few minutes on the gravel road, Wynn turned down another unmarked path. I thought I saw warning signs, and I ignored them, trying to stay positive for Wynn's sake. I knew how much work he had put into planning a camping trip I'd enjoy. But the signs kept coming, and I could finally make out the words and pictures.
"Do not enter," I read quietly. "Beware of..."
"Is it the cliff?"
"...fairies?"
"Fairies?!"
"That's what it says! It must be a prank," I said weakly. But the signs looked officially made, featuring diagrams and a long list of rules and warnings. The message was clear. "M-maybe we should turn back. I don't know...what do you think?"
"Remember what I told you. If at any point you get too scared, we'll leave immediately and check into a hotel."
I held his hand and smiled. "Sorry, nevermind. I'm okay."
"That's my brave girl. You're going to love it."
We reached a clearing that was even more scenic than the one those teenagers had beat us to. On one side, a creek flowed past, and on the other, the sun was low over the glassy lake.
We were behind schedule getting set up, and Wynn kept staring at the sky with a worried expression on his face. I knew he would have liked to show me the basics of setting up a campsite, but we decided it was faster to divide and conquer. I gathered kindling from the perimeter of the campsite, and then took charge organizing the tent's interior.
After an hour of work, we had everything mostly set up and could relax. After quickly eating some sausages we cooked on an open fire, along with fruit and some cookies I'd packed, we climbed into the cozy tent, just as rain began to lightly fall. The tapping sound was somehow comforting, and I wondered if there might be hope for a romantic evening after all.
"Oh! Presents! I wanted to give you one tonight." Wynn hurried to the car and returned with a shiny package.
I carefully unwrapped the parcel and found the softest cotton pajamas I'd ever felt. I held them up and realized it was all one piece with a zipper at the front.
"Here, let me help you." Wynn knelt on the tarp next to our air mattress, unhooked my overalls, and pulled the denim shorts down. I loved being babied by Wynn, but this was all new to me. It wasn't too long ago that I used to ask him to turn his back whenever I changed, but now we were closer than ever.
He pulled my socks off one by one, then I raised my arms so he could pull off my t-shirt, and my bra was next. I lay back on the air mattress and he hooked his fingers into my panties and slipped them off too, adding them to the laundry bag in the corner of the tent. I was only naked for a few moments, until Wynn guided my feet, then my legs into the pajamas, and zipped me up.
"Thank you." I kissed him.
We tried to stay up talking, but we were both exhausted. The soothing motions of his fingers neatly redoing my braids lulled me until I was half asleep. I cuddled up to him in the double sleeping bag and passed out, not even noticing how eerily quiet it can be in the night in the middle of the forest.
Friday
On the morning of my twentieth birthday, I woke up and screamed.
Wynn groaned and opened his eyes, reaching for me instinctively. "What's wrong?"
When he saw, he was dumbstruck. My hair that he'd just brushed and pinned up last night was now impossibly tangled, with no evidence of his handiwork. My hair was loose, and instead of falling in shiny black waves, it was dull and strangely matted. It had been washed just 24 hours ago, but now there were twigs, crunchy leaves, and pine needles in it.
"We might have to cut it..." Wynn speculated sleepily.
I wailed.
"Tell me what happened." He sat up and gathered me into his arms.
I didn't know. I had woken up just moments before him.
Wynn rocked me. "It's going to be okay, darling. Let's have some breakfast, and then we'll unravel your hair, however long it takes." He tied a bandana around my hair, we climbed out of the tent. It was still early: the sky was a deep royal blue and the sun was not up yet.
"We can have pancakes with some strawberries..." Wynn was saying. It was my favourite breakfast. But when he opened the car and checked the coolers, our food had been opened and most of it was missing.
It didn't make sense. Wynn had planned for everything. And how could someone or something get into our food? The car had been locked, the tent secured, and the car key stayed in Wynn's backpack next to him while he slept.
"What are we going to do?" I pushed down the panicked feelings. I wasn't going to be hysterical. "Can I help?"
"Uh, yeah, everything's fine," he replied quickly, grabbing another gift package from the backseat. "Here, why don't you open your next present? And then I'm going to make a quick supply run, and we can eat when I come back. I'll also pick up some conditioner, and a comb if I can find it..."
"Perfect," I affirmed. I unwrapped the tissue paper and found a polaroid camera and hugged him. "Thank you, Wynn! I've always wanted one of these." I immediately began looking through the viewfinder, looking for memories to capture. "I think I'm going to explore a bit and take a couple pictures."
"Not too far, okay?" Wynn instructed. "It's really easy to get lost around here, so I want you to always have our campsite within eyesight." He picked a wildflower from the edge of our patch of land, tucked it behind my ear, and promised to be back soon.
I agreed, but after quickly getting dressed in rainboots and a yellow sundress Wynn had chosen for me and brushing my teeth, I started to get bored of the limited scenery.
I stood in the mud at the edge of the creek, which was high after last night's rain. I thought I saw the blinking lights of fireflies in the bushes but every time I got close, they appeared further ahead.
It won't do any harm, I thought to myself, if I follow the creek. That way I can't get lost. I can always follow it back to the campsite.
I splashed along beside the water, following the playful fireflies until I reached where the creek flows down into a waterfall. Maybe I should turn back now, I thought to myself, what if Wynn is looking for me?
But then I lost my footing on the slippery rocks, slammed into the deep water below and began to sink. I was weightless when I saw the flickering lights once again, this time under water.
When I regained consciousness, I was lying on the shore, and the first thing I heard were voices.
"She could have died, why didn't you three help me?" said a voice.
"Well you're the water spirit, so we left that up to you," another snapped.
"I stopped her from hitting her head on a rock!" protested a third.
I opened my eyes and screamed for the second time that morning. At first I thought I was seeing insects, like oversized butterflies or dragonflies circling above me in the air. But, after a second look, I realized beneath the delicate wings were the bodies of miniature women, around six inches tall. They were beautiful with rippling hair and glittery tunics in assorted colours.
"Fairies..." I thought out loud.
They laughed and hovered near me like hummingbirds, flying forward one by one to introduce themselves.
"Calida, fire spirit."
"Gailyn, air."
"Sierra, earth."
"And I'm Cordelia, the water spirit who single handedly dragged you to shore. And now my wings are wet and I won't be able to fly properly for a few hours..."
I sat up, and realized I was naked.
"Yeah...your dress is probably ruined. We're leaving it to dry in the sun over there." Calida pointed to where my dress; waterlogged, torn, and muddy, was drying on a rock, next to my camera.
"Don't worry, Rhiannon. It still works, somehow. We tested it." Gailyn giggled.
I usually didn't spend much time naked, and I had only just started to feel comfortable with letting Wynn dress me, especially in the sundresses he liked me to wear. But in this private oasis, I felt sexy and free like never before.
I shivered in the crisp morning air. Even with the sunshine that was beginning to filter through the trees at an angle, I could feel goosebumps prickling my skin.
"Sierra?" I addressed the fairy in green. "Would it be possible for you to help me find something to wear...?"
"Of course!" Sierra the earth fairy flitted away and returned moments later with large, soft leaves I'd never seen before and began whispering spells to stitch them together.
"Typical humans," Calida scoffed. "We're not fairy godmothers like in the stories, you know!" But the other fairies had joined in, finding beautiful precious objects all around them and fashioning new clothing like nothing I've ever seen.
Gailyn sat on a rock and studied my naked body. "Wynn is so lucky he gets to see and touch you every day."
The other fairies scowled at her.
"What?" She protested. "I can't help it. I like beautiful things." She batted her tiny eyelashes at me.
Instead of cowering like I normally did when someone complimented me or noticed my body in any way, I stretched slowly on the rocks where I was trying to dry in the weak sunlight. "What do you mean?"
"Don't listen to that airhead," Cordelia told me. "We're just going to get you cleaned up and back to your campsite."
"How do you know she wants to go back?" Gailyn pouted at me. "We would treat you well in the Fairy Kingdom, you know. All the treats and gifts you desire. You could be our-"
The other fairies loudly shushed her and talked over her.
"Shut up, Gailyn," Calida snapped. "Let the human go back to her camping trip, and we'll forget this ever happened. She probably misses her loving, doting boyfriend. She's so spoiled already that we may be too late."
I was still behind on this conversation. "Wait...fairy kingdom...? And will you stop talking about me like I'm not here?"
"Yes, the Fairy Kingdom, also known as Fairy Land, is our realm and you are technically trespassing," Cordelia declared, tossing her blue green hair.
"I don't know how you missed the signs," Gailyn giggled again. "They're everywhere. We haven't seen a human here in years. And your kind has never dared to stay overnight..."
"Humans have no regard for pre-existing life, and this one is no exception." Cordelia spoke solemnly. "She was so bold as to steal our flowers to adorn her hair, without even requesting permission. She's not fit to..." There was another round of loud shushing. "Well, nevermind."
Gailyn and Sierra were whispering to each other, and I overheard the words "Wynn" and "cock".
I choked. "I'm sorry...what?!"
Calida rolled her eyes. "They're intrigued by humans having sex. They are interested in seeing you and Wynn together because...they think he's attractive. For a human," she added.
"So, we'll get you back to him, and then you can get right to it," Sierra whispered.
"Oh no, I...I don't ...we've never..."
All four fairies stopped their work and stared at me.
"That doesn't make any sense," Sierra said flatly.
They whispered amongst themselves. "But the prophecy said-" "We'll have to teach her-"
"Teach me what!" I demanded, losing patience with this confusing conversation.
Gailyn landed on my hand and her wings whirred, lifting it and dragging it between my legs. I was now completely dry, except for my hair, lounging on the warm rocks. She dropped my hand there. "That's better." She hovered above my thighs. "When you're alone, do you...?" She gestured wildly to my private parts.
"N-no." I lied. "Well, I don't know. Sometimes?"
Calida rolled her eyes. "This is hopeless. I don't think she's the one."
"Nothing is hopeless," Gailyn insisted. All the fairies, except Calida, flew around me, positioning me the way they saw fit. I was lying on my back with my legs bent and slightly open.
"Relax," Sierra whispered kindly. "Think about Wynn."
So I did. I closed my eyes to the sun and let my mind drift with the breeze. I thought about the nights that Wynn and I lay awake kissing, each hoping for more, but neither daring to make a move.
The tiny fairies' movements on my body started as vague tapping and stroking but imperceptibly began to feel...good. I sighed with pleasure as they guided my hand then trailed all over my naked body.
But it was over before I could really wrap my head around what they were doing. Gailyn, Sierra, and Cordelia had dressed me in the found objects, and Calida joined in, using magic to smooth my tangled hair into a braided crown, woven with floral vines. Finally, they hovered in the air around me to admire their handiwork.
I squirmed, wishing they'd touch me more. "I want...more..." My body felt alive under my new magically stitched garments.
The fairies exchanged glances. "She's ready now, maybe," they whispered to each other. "Could tonight be the night?"
I heard branches rustling and twigs snapping, and Wynn emerged from the forest. When I looked back to where the fairies had been, they had already disappeared.
"Rhiannon?"
"I'm here!" I stood to show off the clothing the fairies had made for me, only to find that I was naked once again, without a trace of the elegant garments.
Wynn stared, confused. "Where have you been? Are you okay?"
I made no attempt to cover myself. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to worry you. I went for a walk to take pictures, and then I fell in the water...But the camera still works. And I'm okay."
"Get dressed." Wynn's voice was stern.
On the way back to the campsite, Wynn was holding my hand tightly, but he wasn't usually so quiet. My stomach tightened with worry. I had gotten carried away with my adventure, and possibly ruined the mood of our trip.
We had missed breakfast entirely, so after I took a shower and changed again, we ate lunch in silence. I chewed my sandwich nervously. "Wynn, I...I'm sorry." I stood up from the picnic bench and held his hands.
"It's alright, love." He pulled me in for a hug. "But you still need to be punished." Wynn's voice was soft and I wondered if I'd misheard. "You've been a naughty girl, so you'll get spanked." His hand traveled up my thigh and under my skirt.
Still on a high from my time with the fairies, I didn't hesitate. I obediently positioned myself on all fours on the ground, facing away from Wynn and flipped up my dress to reveal nothing underneath.
I heard him inhale sharply, but he quickly recovered and joined me on the grass. He started by running his hands over my warm, smooth skin, then brought his hand down hard with a loud SMACK. Then a few more. I gasped, but wiggled my hips, hoping he would be tempted to continue.
My mind begged for more. I could feel my pussy beginning to tingle, and I wanted to tell Wynn how much I enjoyed this new game. "More..." was all I could moan. There was nothing for a few moments and then Wynn got down next to me on the grass, on his back. He pulled me on top of him, pushing my dress up and using both hands to grab my ass and continue the hard smacks from this angle. I was straddling him, and my bare pussy was grinding on his jeans.
But before I knew it, I had rolled off him and we were catching our breath, lying separately on the grass.
Wynn lay on his stomach to hide his hard on, and after a few moments, he told me he was going to shower. "Why don't you take a nap in the tent? I'll be back soon, and this time really don't go anywhere."
That's when I realized I would need to be much more obvious about the changes I felt, otherwise our sexual relationship would never proceed to where I needed it. I almost wished my hair had stayed in knots so Wynn could take me in the shower with him to fix it. I imagined him holding me against the tile wall with his bodyweight, filling me up. I crawled into the tent but instead of napping, I plotted how I would get my loving boyfriend to understand that I was ready.
We spent the afternoon cuddling, talking, and playing cards. Wynn babied me more than usual by reading to me and feeding me a slice of birthday cake. Was it possible for him to take care of me, but also recognize that what I needed now was for him to stop being so careful?
That night at the campfire, I took pride in toasting marshmallows for s'mores, and feeding them to Wynn. I kissed him and he tasted like chocolate.
I disappeared for a moment to change into my new pajama set, and sitting on his lap, I clinged to him. "Wynn? Can I open another present?" I knew there was one more, the smallest one. I'd seen him pack it.
"Uhh, nope not yet." He smiled to himself and looked away.
"Why? It's my birthdayyy!" I pouted.
Wynn pinched my sides. "So spoiled."
I squirmed and tried to keep pouting. "N-no I'm not."
Wynn answered by picking me up and playfully tossing me onto our air mattress. He followed a moment later to sit on my legs and he held my wrists together. "Wow, you look so cute in your new pajamas, Rhi."
I stopped struggling for a moment and blushed with pleasure. Using the element of surprise and his strength, he flipped me over and his fingertips roamed my neck and sides. I writhed with no effect, and begged for mercy, but he was already tickling under my arms.
"Wait," I gasped. "I want to tell you something."
Wynn turned me over easily, still holding my wrists in case this was a ruse. "What could possibly be more interesting than tickling Princess Rhiannon?"
"It's just that I, uh..." I gulped air. "There's somewhere else..."
We slipped under the covers of our sleeping bag and I led his hand to the warmth between my thighs.
My giggles turned to moans. Wynn watched my face as I opened my legs a little more and he stroked with a beckoning motion through the thin, and now slightly sticky cotton material.
To his surprise, I started whispering, "I really loved it when...ohh ohhhh... you bent me over and flipped up my skirt. Getting spanked hurt but also...Hmmmm mmm uhhhhh....turned me on."
He maneuvered my body so it was facing away but pulled me close to him, and continued slowly rubbing my swollen clit. Meanwhile, he felt up my leg to my butt where there was a cutout of pajama material that he unclasped.
"Do you know what this trap door is for, Rhi?"
I shook my head.
He slipped his hand inside and rubbed my bare ass. "Easy access...in case I need to punish you, or just want to..." He pulled me closer and I felt his cock sliding between my inner thighs.
"Fuck...I wanna fuck." I moaned. My pussy had never been this wet.
"Language!" Wynn held my hips and started to push into my impossibly tight pussy for the first time. He started slow and gentle, and it took a few minutes for our bodies to find our rhythm. When I got used to having something there, and it felt right, I couldn't get enough. I needed him to push deeper inside me.
I rolled onto my stomach and Wynn thrust into me from behind, holding my shoulder and hip to guide our bodies together. I moaned loudly with each push, and thought I could see familiar flickering lights surrounding our tent. Before I could say anything, there was a loud pop underneath us and air gushed out of the air mattress. It had had enough of us.
We laughed hysterically.
We crawled out of the tent. Outside, the moon was low and bright. To tell the truth, Wynn and I went at it for hours, as if making up for all the time we'd lost. First he had me up against a tree at the edge of the forest, pulling at my nipples and panting in my ear. Then my cute pajamas became impractical, so I stripped. I sat on his face, riding his tongue until I came for a third time, and then I sucked and bounced on his cock until he did for a second time.
I imagined how hot I looked, howling at the moon while Wynn's cock pumped into me from underneath, my bare breasts heaving, and my hair free and wild. I wondered if the fairies were watching us.
We discovered a new position: he was on his back and I lay on top of him while his cock found its way inside me. This left my body fully open to be stroked and played with, like the fairies had. Wynn loved to swipe his thumb over my clit while we fucked like this. It made me helpless. I whimpered loudly but couldn't scream because his other hand was over my mouth.
Finally, in the very early hours of the morning, Wynn dragged the sleeping bag off our ruined air mattress, and we fell asleep under the stars with our bodies entwined.
Saturday
The next morning, I woke to the sound of fairy wings fluttering. They were whispering about me.
I unraveled myself from Wynn's arms and crawled out of the sleeping bag without waking him. I stood naked before the fairies, letting them stare at me as much as they wished.
Calida levitated off to the side with her arms crossed, Gailyn and Sierra played on tiny harps, and Cordelia unveiled a scroll. She read with great authority:
"Take the Fair Face of Woman, and Gently Suspending,
With Butterflies, Flowers, and Jewels Attending,
Thus Your Fairy is Made of Most Beautiful Things."
"What does it mean?" I asked. I looked down and saw that once again I was wearing the magical clothing they had created for me. I wouldn't get used to it this time.
"It's part of our scripture," Sierra explained.
"They want you to join us and one day be Fairy Queen, because you bear some vague resemblance to the prophecy. I mean, it's absurd," Calida spat.
Gailyn turned the scripture around and sure enough, there was a painting of a young woman who looked exactly like me, wearing leaves, flowers, and jewels, with fairies and butterflies hovering around her. The ink was old and faded, not to mention tiny, but the resemblance was unmistakable.
"But then we found out you were a virgin and actively denying yourself pleasure," Calida continued, "thus unfit to rule based on our simple definition of womanhood. But after last night...things have changed."
Sierra and Gailyn giggled.
"Silence!" Calida boomed. "Do you accept your destiny?" she asked me.
I considered this and looked wistfully at my sleeping boyfriend. "Would Wynn be welcome to join?" I asked politely. "Or, like, could I visit him on my free days?"
Cordelia shook her head. "That's not how it works. Technically, yes you could. However, if you truly became one of us...you would have everything you ever wanted. Endless pleasure, luxurious gifts, the most delicious food you can imagine...You simply wouldn't desire him anymore."
"You'd be spoiled for the human world," Gailyn added helpfully. "Fairy Land is a place where even the most insatiable can find peace."
"Forever," Sierra agreed.
"Then no thanks..." I turned away but the fairies swarmed around me angrily.
"Destiny! Destiny! It's your destiny!" They shrieked. I swatted them away and ran to wake up Wynn so they'd disappear like last time.
"Wynn...let's go home."
On the gravel path in the SUV later that morning, I was finally able to read the signs more carefully.
"Beware of fairies." Then in smaller print, "Enter the Fairy Kingdom at your own risk. Fairies have a penchant for trickery and rule the four elements to practice advanced sorcery. They are attracted to food and beautiful things." And lastly, "Do not pick the flowers."
I grabbed the pile of photos stashed in the polaroid's case and flipped through them. In several scenic memories and cute selfies, there were flashes of iridescent light that could easily be mistaken for lens flare. But when I looked closely I thought I could make out the mischievous faces of my four fairy friends. Lastly, there was a portrait of me, lounging naked by the waterfall. My body looked voluptuous and sensual. I barely recognized myself.
"Wow." Wynn glanced at the photo, then returned his eyes to the road. "I love that one, Rhi. How did you take it?"
I was so lost in thought I barely heard him.
"What's wrong," Wynn asked, once we turned onto the highway. "You've been quiet."
I started to tell him about my time with the fairies, realizing how ridiculous it sounded but I continued anyway. I could tell he didn't really believe any of it, but I noticed a bulge growing in his pants when I spoke at length about the time the fairies undressed and pleasured me.
"It sounds interesting, maybe you should write it up in a story and post it online. Let's take a rest stop." We took the next exit and found an idyllic park next to the lake. We ate our picnic in the shade, and Wynn handed me my final present, the small black box.
"Wait, no," he snatched it back and slid from the picnic bench to kneel on the ground and snapped the box open to reveal a dainty diamond ring. "Princess Rhiannon, will you marry me?"
I grinned delightedly as he slipped the ring onto my finger.
We didn't make much progress on our trip home that morning because we spent another hour... getting to know each other... in the dense forest behind the park. When we emerged later, I had twigs and red leaves in my hair again, and my knees and elbows were dirty.
Back in the car I finally answered, "Of course I'll marry you, Wynn."
Rhiannon rings like a bell through the night
And wouldn't you love to love her?
Once in a million years a lady like her rises...
-Fleetwood Mac, "Rhiannon"
[The end]