At the plaza center of the sand-colored city of Gra'tan, where sorcerers trade curses with the god-peddlers in the market, the High Temple of Shevlana was filled with the mixing haze of incense and smoke from the braziers, the echoing sermons of the High Priestess that cut above the ambient murmur of private prayer, and -- as always -- the gasps, moans, and soft cries of holy ecstasy that took the place of this temple's choir.
Shevlana was the goddess of beauty, lust, sex, love (these two were clearly different, the priestesses asserted), fertility, and healing. Her temple, with its tall minarets and the central, angular ziggurat of its main building, provided refuge -- and oftentimes relief -- to all those who entered in peace.
As with most of the temples in Gra'tan, at least of those not consecrated to dark powers, Shevlana's temple was home to the usual array of worshipers: the beggars, the sick, and the betrothed, though here this last group had a tendency to either pointedly admire the architecture around them, maintain very firm eye contact with each other, or stare in a kind of wonder at the various sensual devotions to the erotic within the temple. Many a would-be wife -- and a would-be husband -- found a newlywed jealousy at their betrothed's attention on the ever-nude form of the officiating priestess.
Jealousy, however, was not a tenet of Shevlana's amorous religion, and nowhere was this more clear than in the cellae -- the small rooms separated from the central chamber by curtains of beads or silks -- where the acolytes worked.
Many people in the rest of Gra'tan, especially those young initiates of the religions who did not expressly forbid jealousy, called the acolytes of Shevlana by other names.
Supple supplicants.
Holy whores.
Shevlana's sluts.
But for the acolyte Delyssa, as she slammed her hips down and felt the cock inside her strain and release, before following with her own shaking orgasm, she mostly called herself lucky.
Beneath her straddling legs, laying supine on the dark flagstone of her cella, the older boy -- young man, now, Delyssa corrected herself, now that his ritual was complete -- the man thrust up against her once more with a last groan and a shaky laugh. Delyssa smiled back down at him and slowed the grind of her hips. She drew a wet cloth from the bowl of water beside them and bent over him, enjoying his contented, blissful smile at her breasts swinging lightly above him as she wiped the sweat from his brow. After letting him enjoy the moment for a dozen more heartbeats, Delyssa clambered off him and helped the man to his feet.
"In the eyes and body of the Goddess Shevlana," Delyssa intoned, her voice still shaky from her recent ecstasy, "You have lain with your desired sex and both given and received, and so now rise a man. You are newly made, newly pure, and now may enter the world so bettered by your arrival." While she spoke, Delyssa caressed the cleaning-rag across his face, his arms, his chest, down to his legs and groin. The man opened his mouth to speak, but she put one soft finger over his lips.
"Let the first words you say as a new man be of wisdom," she purred into his ear. Delyssa saw a look of panic flash across the young man's face. The burden of thinking of something wise to say might have scared him into silence, so she grabbed him by the wrists and leaned back to look him up and down. "It's alright if your words of wisdom are imparting some of what you learned in this room today to your friends," she said, laughing gently at the relief that flooded his features.
Delyssa could tell that he was still a little overwhelmed from his first encounter, so she fussed over him and helped him get dressed, though she practically had to push him out the beaded curtain, and even then he lingered for a moment outside the doorway before retreating back to the main chamber. She gave a heavy sigh and leaned back against the stone wall, enjoying how cool the dark brick felt against her skin. Her long, straight black hair stuck against her shoulders, and the rest her body, a lighter shade of brown than the stone itself, was dripping with sweat that glittered golden from the dancing firelight of the cella's hanging brazier. Her wide hips and toned thighs ached. She closed her eyes and felt a thick stream of cum exit her and begin to slowly roll down the inside of her thigh.
The beaded curtain rattled to one side. "Well, you look pretty pleased, Del," a voice said. Delyssa kept her eyes closed, but her smile broadened to a grin.
"We served the goddess well," she replied.
"And what's your hand doing there, between your legs? Seems like you're serving her still."
Delyssa opened one eye. Leaning naked against the doorway was a tall, muscular man, dark-skinned with his roped hair tied back behind his head. Jahroud was another acolyte, but two years her senior, already initiated into the next circle of temple service. Like many of the acolytes whose bodies were naturally suited -- like Delyssa's -- Jahroud had an athletic, sculpted physique, but his hairless chest was also impressively wide. Delyssa noted how much of the doorway he took, then her eyes flicked down to his cock, which was hardening before her.
"If you expect me to take care of that, you're going to have to give me a moment," she said, gesturing with the hand still holding the washcloth.
Jahroud grinned, and Delyssa watched his cock twitch in what she was sure was a deliberate gesture. "Not right now," he said, glancing away. "I was told to bring you along to Mother Corporeal. She wants to speak with you. Not sure what for."
"Hmm." The High Priestess Mother Corporeal was a constant presence in the temple grounds, though these days she didn't appear much in the main chambers except for the rare sermon on a holy day. Even rarer was pulling an acolyte out of their daily duties in the sanctuary. As far as she knew, Delyssa hadn't done anything wrong.
"My clothes are back at my chamber in the dormitory," she said, watching Jahroud's eyes eagerly follow her hand as it trailed the cloth up the line of cum up to her vulva that was shrouded in dark curls of pubic hair. "Do you think I should go and get dressed?"
Jahroud shrugged. "I was going like this."
Delyssa considered for a moment and then pushed off the wall, tossing the cloth back into its bowl. Jahroud held the curtain open for her, and the tip of his cock brushed her hip as she passed him into the hallway.
"Lead on, Brother Jahroud," she said, and they set off side by side.
Delyssa's legs wobbled a little as she passed into the main temple chamber, but it was a cadence of step she had long since mastered. An earlier clanging of bells signaled noon-time, and so with the morning's service passed, the main temple of largely empty. A priestess glided between worshipers and guests, leading them through ritual or sending them off to whatever specific service they required, be it clerical healing or fertility ritual, or simply left them to their prayer. Delyssa stared absently at her initiate-brother's erection as it bounced and swung with each step, the two heavy testicles swaying underneath.
"What are you thinking about?" he said, and she looked up and saw that he was watching her with a smile. There wasn't any real reason to be embarrassed, but out of playful spite Delyssa turned her attention to away from Jahroud to her right, and stared at the familiar looming statue of Shevlana that occupied a giant alcove set above the main altar. Shevlana was, at least in her depiction here, a curvaceous goddess. The ancient carvers who had built the temple centuries ago had taken great care in their artistry of the goddess. Carved from the same brown stone as the rest of the temple, the statue had a motherly face beneath long, intricately carved locks of curly hair. Her chest sloped down into two massive breasts that hung low over her rib-cage, beneath which the smooth folds of her stomach and hips sat above a pair of wide-set legs. Her sex was, perhaps uncharacteristically for the rest of her religion, concealed by one of her palms, likely a wise decision from a sculptor uneasy about depicting the genitals of a goddess.
Carved into the alcove in a circle around Shevlana's head were the holy symbols of her cult. The first, of course, was Beauty, represented by the face of the goddess herself. Clockwise to her head was Lust, depicted as a rose flower with a thorned stem; at the three o'clock position was sex, represented by the holy animal of the swallow (when your religion's form of worship was startlingly -- and achingly -- literal, metaphors tended to be simple ones). Love, now positioned nearing Shevlana's hip, was envisioned as a spilling decanter. Fertility was, of course, represented by the womb of the goddess herself, which occupied the six o'clock position on the circle of symbols. The entire left side of the liturgical wheel was composed of the waxing and waning lunar cycle, each phase of the moon carved in an arc from Shevlana's loins up back towards her head. For as much as intercourse featured in the more public (and especially more private) worship of Shevlana, the healing that the lunar cycle represented was core to the Temple's practices.
Pulling her gaze away from the giant statue of the goddess, Delyssa glanced back at Jahroud.
"I was just thinking about how lucky we all are," she said, answering his earlier question. Jahroud nodded. It was an especially common sentiment among the acolytes.
They exited the main chamber and climbed the narrow stairs of the minaret that led to Mother Corporeal's chamber. The cramped, torch-lit spiral stairs forced them to walk in single file, and Jahroud led in front. Another tease, Delyssa thought as she enjoyed the motion of his muscular buttocks at her eye level ahead of her. Eventually, they reached the door to the chamber, one of the few solid wooden doors within the temple, and Jahroud knocked. Immediately, the voice of Mother Corporeal called "Enter" from within, and the initiate-brother stepped into the room.
The thin windows were all thrown open, and gave the round chamber a chill that the rest of the temple lacked. That, along with the appraising look of Mother Corporeal as she turned away from the window towards the two acolytes made Delyssa rethink her earlier decision to remain nude in the High Priestess's presence.
Unlike the naked priestesses working in the sanctuary below, Mother Corporeal wore a long white robe that flowed and folded over her form. Her skin was fairer than most, but still tan (how could it not be after a lifetime spent in Gra'tan), and her graying hair spilled over her shoulders. Mother Corporeal was graceful in all things, and that included aging. She was, if you were liberal in rounding down in Delyssa's case and rounding up in hers, old enough to be the young acolyte's grandmother, though she was still beautiful despite (or because of) the creasing lines that denoted a life spent laughing.
Now, however, she lifted one stern eyebrow at the two naked acolytes, then sighed and gathered her robes as she sat down at her desk. There were two chairs on the other side of the desk, but Mother Corporeal made no invitation for them to sit, so the two remained standing behind them. The High Priestess broke the silence first.
"If you two conspired to fluster me with your nudity, I'm afraid you're several decades too late. When we were your age, Abbot Caimian and I attended service adorned with only a string of beads, and they weren't around our necks," Mother Corporeal said. Jahroud straightened, and Delyssa could feel her cheeks begin to flush.
"I came straight from my cella," Delyssa quickly said. "I didn't want to waste your time by going all the way back to the dormitory to dress."
Mother Corporeal made a face that intimated that this was a passable excuse. "Have you had a busy day so far, Delyssa?"
Delyssa shook her head. "Not really. Just a few rites of emergence. Two girls, a woman, and two boys came to the temple and two women and three men left." It had been a busy day so far, five supplicants wasn't nothing. But Delyssa wasn't about to admit fatigue to the High Priestess before she even knew what this meeting was about.
Mother Corporeal turned to Jahroud. "And you, Jahroud?"
Another shrug, rippling muscles beneath goosefleshed skin. "I like how the air feels," he said, and waggled his hips suggestively, his still-erect cock slapping against his thighs.
Not a twitch from Mother Corporeal's face, which was more than Delyssa could say of Jahroud's penis. The High Priestess folded her hands on the desk and nodded to the chairs. "Sit, Sister Delyssa. I have need to speak to you for awhile. Jahroud, you may go."
Delyssa sat down, the polished wood cool against her bottom. As Jahroud opened the door again, Mother Corporeal suddenly raised her hand. "Actually, I've changed my mind. I can't have you going around terrorizing the other initiates or worse, bothering the other priestesses. You stand there, Jahroud. Delyssa, why don't you relieve your initiate-brother while you listen to me."
As Jahroud started and turned back towards the High Priestess, Delyssa raised an eyebrow to Mother Corporeal. "That sounds like a reward, not a punishment, Mother."
Mother Corporeal simply shrugged. "Shevlana is a merciful goddess. And I want you to listen and not speak."
This probably wouldn't be happening if Jahroud hadn't been so cheeky, Delyssa thought, but she wasn't about to complain. She cast one glance back at the High Priestess for confirmation, who nodded, so she turned in her chair towards Jahroud. The other acolyte was beaming down at her. It was an infectious smile, and Delyssa returned it up to him. Mother Corporeal watched as Delyssa took his turgid cock in one hand and cupped Jahroud's sack with the other. The older woman aimlessly traced the base of a small statuette of Saint Zenzeret on the desk (Zenzeret was the patron saint of convalescence, bedside manners, and drinking lots of water) while the young black-haired acolyte stroked down Jahroud's length, revealing the pale, wet glans as the foreskin retracted. Without looking up at him, she pushed her head forwards, taking him into her mouth. His cock filled her back to the throat, an overwhelming taste of sweat and skin. She could feel it throb against her tongue, and as she shifted in her chair, she could feel her own arousal begin to pool beneath her thighs. It was an ache, a yearning desire to be parted, and she couldn't resist sliding a pair of fingers inside herself. She curled those fingers upwards, stroking that tingling area that sent a jolt of pleasure upwards.
Mother Corporeal watched her for a moment, her only expression one of appraisal. "I've spoken to some of the other priestesses. They say that you're talented in many of our arts, not just the physical ones. Sister Teraen told me your skills at healing have been invaluable when you deign to spend time in the infirmary, and Nelarre said that you're a quick study in the old lore. Even Brother Kallaut mentioned that you're a fine sparrer with the staff, and that sort of praise isn't to be taken lightly from him. But by all accounts, you spend all your time in the cella -- your work there has been good, make no mistake, but I can't feel like you could be put to better use."
Delyssa stared at the High Priestess through the the corners of her eyes, her head still bobbing back and forth against Jahroud's cock. Her initiate-brother put two tentative hands on the back of her head, and pulled her towards him when she gave no resistance. Spit poured out of her mouth and dripped from her chin, running down her neck and between her bare breasts. The hand not fingering within herself was kneading Jahroud's balls, feeling their soft weight in the palm of her hand.
As much of a distraction as sucking Jahroud was, Delyssa focused on Mother Corporeal's words. Put to better use? It's true that the rites of renewal she had been performing were typically done by acolytes in their first year of initiation, and she was already nearly done with her second, but that didn't mean she was neglecting her other responsibilities -- she just found that she liked servicing worshipers in her cella.
The older woman seemed to intuit her line of thought. "We're not at all unhappy with you, Delyssa. The exact opposite, in fact. You're a very promising disciple, which is why we think you need to experience more than just temple duty. We're sending you out of Gra'tan."
Delyssa pulled Jahroud's cock out of her mouth. "What?" Mother Corporeal frowned at the interruption, a frown that only deepened as Jahroud threw his head back with a groan and, gripping his shaft, came in a flood. The first spurt of cum sailed upwards and landed in a long strand across the top of Delyssa's head, hanging down over her opposite ear. The second, third, and fourth streams poured out and onto her face, plastering over her forehead, her right eye, along her cheek, and over her mouth. With a final stroke and flick Jahroud emptied his remaining seed over her breasts, a thin spray that mixed with the saliva and ran down towards her stomach.
The sound of Jahroud's orgasm and the sudden heat of his cum covering her face was too much for Delyssa, and she strained and flexed against her fingers in her own climax. A high gasp escaped her lips that turned into a a loud cry as she also reached her release. She felt a wave wash over her and the tension between her legs suddenly clench and then fall away, out and onto and through her fingers. There was now a puddle on the chair beneath her thighs, and her juices were dripping from her fingers as she removed them from her slit.
She met Mother Corporeal's gaze. On the one side, Delyssa's heavy lidded eyes staring out from a cum-splattered mess, the white of Jahroud's seed bright against her brown skin and contrasted against her black hair and thick eyebrows -- on the other side was the High Priestess' creased frown of mild disapproval that slowly gave way to a wry grin. "Need I repeat myself, my child?" She waited until Delyssa's heavy panting slowed.
"As you know, the Temple of Shevlana has arrangements with the city's guilds. Of course, we provide healing to the the alchemists and the arcanists when their experiments inevitably go awry in exchange for the tinctures and poultices that help compose our more mundane practices. But often overlooked is our relationship with Gra'tan's Campaigner's Guild. On occasion, a group of campaigners will petition our temple to supply them with a capable healer for the duration of their expedition. In return, they grant us a not insignificant tithe from the rewards of their journey."
"Wait," said Delyssa, wiping her hands across her face and through her hair, inadvertently spreading Jahroud's seed across her scalp. The feeling of bliss that had just coursed through her was gone now, drained away, and what remained was an empty pit in her stomach. "You're making me leave the city with a band of adventurers?"
Mother Corporeal shook her head. "I'm not making you do anything, Delyssa. The Guild has asked us for a healer, and we're obliged to send them one. If you truly wish to stay here, then we'll find someone else. There are several acolytes who we think could do, but you're a promising initiate, and truthfully, we're worried that you're becoming... well, complacent."
"Complacent? But I've been doing everything asked of me!"
"This isn't a punishment, Delyssa. It's a test. We've seen that you work hard within the temple -- it isn't a test of faith, we don't doubt you in that. It's a test of strength." Mother Corporeal stood and walked around the desk. She stood in front of Delyssa and reached out for her hands. Delyssa regarded her for a moment and then accepted, placing her hands within the woman's. Heedless of the moisture still sticking between Delyssa's fingers, Mother Corporeal caressed her palms with her thumbs as she spoke.
"I think that you're capable of great things, Delyssa, but will you accomplish them if we leave you to your own devices? Or will you just stay where you are comfortable, in your cella, performing the rites of renewal but always staying yourself the same?"
Delyssa could feel herself starting to cry, and immediately got angry at herself for it. There were too many different emotions warring inside her. She felt insulted that the priestesses thought she was becoming lazy in her duties when that wasn't true at all, but she also felt a twist of pride that their interest was because they saw potential in her. She was scared of the idea of leaving the temple -- her home for nearly all her life (and certainly all of the life that she cared to remember) -- and Gra'tan, the only city she'd ever known, to go out with a band of mercenaries. But then, the worst feeling was that she knew that Mother Corporeal was right. If left by herself, she would fall into a routine of pleasure, never aspiring to be more than the acolyte she already was. And that recognition stung the most.
Mother Corporeal brought her into a hug, pressing Delyssa into her shoulder. The High Priestess wrapped her arms around the acolyte, uncaring of the slick sweat on her back or the sopping mixture of fluids on Delyssa's face and chest that now stained the front of Mother Corporeal's robe.
"It was unfair of me to surprise you like this, I think," Mother Corporeal said softly over the top of Delyssa's head. "I thought Jahroud would relax you, but I was mistaken. You don't have to do anything you don't want to, Delyssa. Shevlana wouldn't have it any other way."
Delyssa raised her head and pulled out of the hug. "No, I'll... I'd like to think about it, High Priestess," she sniffed.
Mother Corporeal beamed. "That's all that we ask. We know you're a strong woman, Delyssa, you just need the chance to prove it to yourself. Why don't you go take a bath and mull things over, and if you find that you like the idea, head down to the mausoleum and talk to Brother Kruit -- he was once quite the adventurer in his day, and maybe hearing him talk about it could help your decision."
Delyssa drew the backs of her hands over her eyes, wiping away both the tears and Jahroud's drying cum that still hung over her brows. "The bath sounds nice," she said, though she pointedly didn't agree to visiting Kruit in the crypt. The priest himself was one of the few clergy in the temple with whom Delyssa was barely familiar, and throughout all her days at the Temple of Shevlana, she had made an effort to spend as little time in the mausoleum as possible.
Mother Superior apparently noticed the omission. "Go to the baths, Delyssa," she said, not unkindly. "And I'm going to let Kruit know to expect you afterwards. Whether you talk to him about adventuring is up to you, but in any case I'm sure he'll appreciate the conversation. Now out, both of you. I'm sure Jahroud has something else to do as well."
Jahroud placed a large, soft hand on Delyssa's bare shoulder and gently tugged her towards the door. They both bowed to the High Priestess and turned towards the door.
"Oh, and remember you two, and this is important," said Mother Corporeal, prompting the two acolytes to stop in their tracks and look back at her.
"Yes?" said Delyssa.
Mother Corporeal tapped the statue of Saint Zenzeret on her desk. "Remember to drink lots of water," she said.
With the door closed behind them, the two acolytes descended the spiral staircase down the minaret, this time with Delyssa in front. After a few turns around the central column, Jahroud broke the silence. "I think you should do it, Del. Go on with the Campaigners."
She glanced back at him. "Do you really think so?"
"I do. All that stuff Mother Corporeal said about you is true. You're talented -- talented in a lot of ways," he huffed, and Delyssa smiled, still somewhat stained with his cum. "But you've been on renewal rites for a long time now. If you really put an effort into your studies and incantations, you could be in the next circle with me. I think this will give you some practical experience that'll put you ahead to where you belong."
"Hm. And you wouldn't miss me, Jahroud? I could be off for months on an adventure," she teased.
"Are you kidding? Getting you out of the temple is the only way I can get any attention on me," Jahroud said, using Delyssa's same tone.
"Very funny." They were approaching the landing of the minaret, and already Delyssa could smell the heavy incense that filled the air of the main chamber. "I'm going to take Mother Corporeal's advice and head to the baths," she said. "Are you going to join me?"
Jahroud shook his head. "I'd love to, but no thanks. I've got some chores that need finally doing, but you might find me there later. Besides, I need to talk to Brother Caimian about those strings of beads Corporeal mentioned," he said with a grin, and ducked out of the doorway. He left Delyssa standing there, naked and messy, watching him go.
#
The Temple of Shevlana was primarily rectangular, jutting up high among the other god's sanctums along Gra'tan's Street of Souls. Like the rest of them, there was more to the Temple grounds than the central building itself. Besides the four minarets that towered over temple's corners, there was also an entire abbey complex and monastery that housed the priestesses and the dozens of acolytes and aspirants. The squat dormitory sat at the other end of a large, lush garden from the main temple building; here, fruit grew on tended trees, and tall palm trees cast shade over the rectangular baths and long pools that were filled with hot water from beneath the ground. When it rained, which was rare in Gra'tan, the garden would flood, up to the ankles of all the acolytes and priestesses who would abandon their chores and dance in the downpour.
Now, however, there were few others besides Delyssa, sinking into the pool. Just the typical random array of those who found a window between their other duties to relax in the baths. Delyssa sighed, torn between the pleasant sensation of the pool and the stress of considering the offer that Mother Corporeal gave her. She had already cleaned herself up in a basin next to the pools that was provided for such things, and was now trying to enjoy the cool lapping at her breasts as she lowered even further down. She brought her nose beneath the surface and exhaled, blowing bubbles in front of her.
It wasn't that Delyssa had any particular dislike of adventurers. Many a time, they had come to the temple looking for holy healing magic for some wound or curse they suffered in their journey, and Delyssa, like most of the initiates, enjoyed hearing their fantastic stories -- oftentimes obviously embellished -- that recounted how they became injured by some horrible beast or dark wizard. But the life of an adventurer was almost as far from Delyssa's temple life as she could imagine. No guidance from the priestesses, none of her initiate brothers and sisters to keep her company -- no baths in the garden pools. Not to mention the monsters and curses and danger.
And it would bring her out of Gra'tan. That was the thing. Delyssa had lived in the city for her whole life. First as an orphan, running in a gang to scrap with other children over food and shelter from the sun. Those were dark times that Delyssa tried to forget, but even though it had been many years since she was brought into the cloistered chambers of Shevlana's embrace, she could still recall the run from the market down Ricket Alley and up the steps to the butcher's yard where the high towers of the temples along the Street of Souls were no more than stone spindles framed against the sky, barely visible beyond the rooftops. All her life was contained within the city: the good and the bad. If she left to quest with the Campaigner's Guild, what would she find out there? Delyssa could think of no answer, and that was what scared her.
"You're beginning to prune in there," a woman's voice spoke from behind her. Delyssa glanced up above her and saw a nude, brown-skinned woman with long, wavy hair. Her skin had a sheen of sweat upon it, and she still smelled of the heavy, heady incense used in the temple's cloister. Tilting her head back to look at her, Delyssa's gaze traveled upwards, up along the toned calves that stood apart, the round thighs they led to, and the glimpse of pink folds of labia beneath black pubic hair where the two legs met. Beyond that were full breasts and dark nipples that were hard from the garden's chill atmosphere compared to the hot temple. At the top was a warm, round face that peered back down at Delyssa with a toothy smile.
"Priestess Allarane!" Delyssa rose out of the water and took the priestess' hand, helping her down into the bath, where they both sank down next to one another. Allarane was one of the ordained priestesses that guided the initiates through their lessons.
"I hope I'm not intruding upon your thoughts," said Allarane, leaning back into the water, her long hair spreading out in a halo around her head.
"No, the opposite," Delyssa said. "I'm caught up in my own head and I think I need someone to save me."
"Oh, dear. What's the matter?" Allarane had closed her eyes and was floating gently away from Delyssa, though the acolyte knew the priestess was listening.
"Mother Corporeal wants me to attend to some campaigners from the Guild who've petitioned the temple for a healer," said Delyssa. The panic she felt earlier at the thought of being sent away still lingered within her, but as she watched Allarane drift peacefully in the still waters of the pool, it felt farther away, less present.
"Ah," said the priestess. "Well, it's a responsibility, no doubt. But I think you can manage it and it's a good thing to go out and see the world."
"I haven't said yes yet. I'm not sure if I want to go."
Allarane opened one eye and looked at her. "Why not? Worried about leaving the temple?"
"That's part of it," Delyssa admitted. "I guess I'm just used to how things are here. I know that the rest of the world isn't like how it is within the Temple -- I know it isn't as... pleasant. I don't know if I can manage how rough the Campaigners will be."
"That seems to me to be a good reason for why you should go, Delyssa," Allarane said. "Shevlana teaches us that life has joy and pleasure, but sometimes the world needs reminding of that. That's why we share those things with those who ask gracefully. Saint Artelia, being a medic to adventurers is neither joyous nor particularly pleasurable -- Goddess knows, I would characterize it as bloody thankless -- but healing others so that they might live and find later happiness is itself a sacred duty, Delyssa."
Delyssa slid along the side of the pool until she was near Allarane's head. "Were you ever a healer for the Campaigner's Guild, priestess?"
"For the Guild? No. But I was a healer for a freelance group, probably about, oh, twelve years ago, when I was just a little older than you are now. They were named the Band of the Sycamore Brand. There was an insufferable wizard in the Band who didn't much care for me, but it wasn't all bad. There were a pair or warriors in the group, rough brigands from the mountains. They were a man and a woman, with two lovely cocks between them. They took a fancy to me and we staggered off the path to find a place in the brush for them to take me, but we stumbled right into a mess of gnolls fresh off the hunt. We were all skyclad at the time, but of course those two warriors never went anywhere without their swords, and I had some wards at my disposal. I hardly remember the fight itself, but I can still recall the way their erections flopped this way and that as we scuffled in the moonlight. We fought off those beastmen and then took to rutting like animals ourselves. Now that I think about it, there were some fine days indeed in those times."
The priestess spoke with a clear voice, though her eyes were closed once again and she only had the barest of smiles on her lips as she floated past Delyssa in the pool. It was clear she was enjoying her memories, and Delyssa couldn't help but imagine the woman before her being mounted in the moonlight by two swarthy warriors. The cries of rapture that the acolyte conjured in her mind were enough to cause a rush of warm sensation in her own crotch, that creeping ache of arousal that asked her to caress her clitoris as she sat in the bath. That question became as a demand as Delyssa noticed with a small gasp that Allarane's own hand had ventured between the priestess' thighs, her fingers buried down to the knuckle in her folds. Watching the priestess idly penetrate herself with small splashes, Delyssa began to rub herself, easing her legs apart slightly beneath the surface of the water.
Allarane spoke again in a clear tone that betrayed none of what her hands were doing. "That wizard, though... Arcanists in general are suspicious of priests, but she spent the whole quest demanding that the group exchange me for another cleric of a different faith, though her pleas fell on deaf ears, I'm afraid. The group was fairly impressed by my skills, both in the healing arts and otherwise. Still, she eventually came around."
"What made her--" Delyssa's voice caught in her throat as pleasure rolled upwards. She blushed, coughed, and continued. "What made her change her mind?"
All of Allarane that remained above water was her round face and the rounder crests of her breasts, each dark nipple jutting firmly upwards. Delyssa glanced south and saw that the priestess' middle and ring fingers were deep within her, down to the knuckle. Still, there was no waver in Allarane's voice as she replied.
"Oh, a mixture of persistence, prayer, and a minor miracle. Shevlana guides us to love others as we love ourselves, and that path did not lead me astray. We never coupled, that wizard and I, but we came to see eye to eye, and by the time we parted ways, we were on good terms. You'll never find a more diverse, strange group of folk than adventurers, Delyssa, and that alone makes their company worthwhile."
Delyssa thought on that as she trailed her finger around her clit. In her work as an acolyte, she met many worshipers as they came to (and within) the temple, but her contact with the faithful of other gods, or the irreligious was very limited -- even more, Shevlana was, she knew, only worshiped in the wider region around Gra'tan, and almost exclusively by humans. If any of the other peoples of the world prayed to Shevlana, they almost never entered the temple to do so. Would it be such a bad thing to meet some of those people, even if it meant leaving the safety of the temple?
There was a small splash of water and suddenly the tall priestess was standing over Delyssa, her dark body eclipsing the afternoon sun in the sky behind her. Allarane's middle two fingers were still inside her, and her juices were falling out of her, coating her hand and thighs.
"Are you near to finishing, Delyssa?" the priestess said, and there was finally a tremor to her voice. A moment earlier and Delyssa's masturbation had just been idle pleasuring, but now, staring up at the woman in front of her, she felt a pang of holy desire. With one hand still clasped to her sex, palm rolling against her clitoris, the acolyte rose and joined Allarane, who pulled her closer with a warm hand wrapped around her hips.
The priestess gently eased one of her long legs in between Delyssa's thighs and pulled the acolyte into a tight embrace. Delyssa moved her hand from her groin and began to grind against the priestess' leg; feeling the pressure mount inside her, she threw her hands around Allarane's neck and buried her face in the woman's chest. She felt Allarane's soft breast beneath her cheek, the nipple stiff against the top of her neck. Delyssa bucked her hips, groaning in pleasure as she rubbed up and down the priestess' thigh.
Allarane worked herself, her middle two fingers a furious piston into her sex, her juices splashing outward onto Delyssa's left leg and into the pool beneath her. The wet, fleshy slap of her hand against her vulva increased in tempo, and the priestess leaned close to the acolyte.
"I'm close, Delyssa," Allarane sighed. "I'm so close." Delyssa increased the pace of her grind along Allarane's thigh. On instinct, she bent down and took the woman's nipple into her mouth, gently tugging at it with her teeth. Allarane cried out, and the tremors from her orgasm shook out from her groin and up her spine, her head lolling back in ecstasy. Her leg shook against Delyssa's gyrating hips, and it finally pushed the acolyte over the edge. She clutched at Allarane in a tight embrace and came, her vagina pulsing as she dragged along the priestess' now-slick thigh. She cried out softly, her face still pressed against the woman's breasts, the nipple teasing edge of her lips.
The two servants of Shevlana stood intertwined together, both basking in the afterglow of their climaxes. One of Allarane's hands trailed up and down the small of Delyssa's back, and she shivered at the gentle touch. Eventually, Delyssa forced herself to pull away from the embrace, and she held Allarane at arm's length by the hips while the priestess herself dropped her hands to cup Delyssa's round bottom.
"Thanks for sharing your love with me," Delyssa said, smiling up at her. Allarane laughed and returned the smile. "And thank you for sharing yours with me." They unclasped from one another, and they both sat side by side on the edge of the pool. The priestess shook water and other fluids from her hands and ran her fingers through her hair.
"Are you done with your duties for the day, initiate?" Allarane asked.
"My official duties, yes," Delyssa said, "though Mother Corporeal asked that I go speak to Brother Kruit in the Mausoleum, since he used to be an adventurer and all that... Though I suppose that since you've convinced me to agree to the task, I don't have to go," she couldn't help but sound hopeful, the instinct to stay in the warm baths in the sun instead of seeing the crypt-keeper in the cold tombs was overpowering.
"Oh, I've convinced you, have I?" Allarane's smile was mirthful but kind. "Were my words convincing, or was it the sex?"
Delyssa blushed. "I think I just needed a little prodding is all."
"I don't remember doing much prodding. I'll have to make that up to you at some point," Allarane said, "after you go speak to Brother Kruit like Mother Corporeal asked."
The priestess hoisted herself out of the bath and began dressing herself in the simple robes that she had discarded before entering. "You'd best find something to wear, my child. It won't do to catch a chill in the crypt before setting out. It would make a poor first impression."
Delyssa accepted the hand that the priestess proffered her and clambered out of the pool. It was still mid-afternoon and the sun was warm against her skin, but the water that dripped off her left shivers in its absence.
"Very well," she said, staving off a grimace. "I'll stop by the dormitory and get my robe. Is there anything in particular I should ask Brother Kruit about his time as an adventurer, or should I just let him ramble along on his own like men his age are wont to do?"
That earned a disapproving glance from Allarane. "Now, Delyssa, that's no way of speaking of your elders. Brother Kruit does us all a great service by tending to the tombs, and before that he spent a lifetime helping save lives across many different lands. He was more than just a campaigner seeking the next pile of treasure at the bottom of a mine. There are whole towns that still stand because of him and the companies he's ventured with. He was a full hero in his time, and its by his graciousness that he still does anything more than enjoy the temple's Simple Pleasures,"
Delyssa shrunk down, wishing that she had anything to hide behind. Allarane's chastisement made her feel more naked than Mother Corporeal's disapproving stare. "I didn't know anything about that," she said, feeling like a fool.
"If you want my advice on what to ask Brother Kruit about, it's this: every once in a long while, a servant of Shevlana is chosen for a sacred task that demands the devotion of both body and spirit, and to venture out on a holy quest. Kruit was chosen, many years ago. Ask him about that."
"What sort of quest?" said Delyssa, surprised to find that she did not have to feign her curiosity.
"It's not my place to tell," Allarane quickly said. "Just know its not something that is often recounted about these grounds." The priestess finished dressing and braiding her hair, and smoothed the creases and folds of her robe. "I must return to my duties, Delyssa, and you should hurry along. I enjoyed our time together, and I'm glad to hear that you are being chosen for greater duties. Make sure you come see me before departing the temple."
With that, the priestess bowed her head and walked off towards the main cloister building.
As Delyssa made her way to the dormitory, still nude, she tried to picture herself as an adventurer out in the plains beyond Gra'tan. She nodded distractedly at the other acolytes she passed on the way to her room, unmindful of her own continued nakedness or of that of the others when they were not in the temple's garb. She imagined herself dressed in gleaming armor astride a horse, bearing a shield emblazoned with Shevlana's symbol. Perhaps next to her, clinging to her leg would be a loinclothed hero, oiled and glistening bronze skin pressed against her...
She shook her head. That was the picture of adventure known by children and fools. She heard enough about the exploits of campaigners from the temple's healers who dealt with them. Theirs was a life of blood, much more of that from blistered feet than wounds from battle -- and those wounds they did bear often became ugly scars only after avoiding infection through the grace of the temple's charity. Adventurers were not all heroes. By number, they were mostly mercenaries, killers and thieves. Could she fit among such sort of people? Delyssa had never drawn blood, though doing so was not taboo to Shevlana: while the goddess made no condemnation for violence struck in defense of self or others, lives taken from a place of anger or hatred was one of the religion's few sins, and Delyssa wanted to do nothing that would put her in that position.
She thought of long days spent marching under the sweltering eye of Gra'tan's unforgiving sun; tense, cold nights spent keeping watch for the strange beasts and unhuman bandits that lurked in the wilderness; cramped caves that stunk of smoke from torches and the monsters that guarded forgotten treasures. The treasure itself, that strong motivator for the Campaigner's Guild, held no allure to her. How could it, when Shevlana gave her everything she wanted? How could she fit into such a life?
Everything that she knew would be replaced with something terrifying. The warm pool she had just shared with Allarane would be exchanged for short baths in whatever streams the party happened across; her bare feet, so used feeling the soft grass and cool flagstone of the temple's grounds would have to become used to the feel of leather walking boots over uneven paths in dark forests. The familiar faces of her friends and fellow acolytes would be replaced by gruff strangers, who, unlike everyone she encountered during her day, might not care at all for the goddess to whom she had devoted herself.
Delyssa stopped in the middle of the hallway near her room. She could picture herself in this life. In fact, the ease with which she could imagine that life for herself startled her. The idea of venturing out of the temple with strangers was so shocking when Mother Corporeal suggested it, but now that she allowed herself to really think about it, that sense of panic began to ebb away. It was still a frightening thought, but that fear was accompanied by a rush of excitement that Delyssa was only familiar with from when she first began Temple services over two years ago. She lurched into her room, unsteadied by these realizations.
The room was almost as bare as she was. Separated from the rest of the hallway by a thin curtain, and with only a thin slit of a window to let in light, she spent very little time here. There was a narrow bed pressed up against one wall, a plain chest at the foot of that bed, and a simple desk on the other side of the room, beneath which was tucked a small stool. The desk itself had a few dwindled candles that rose out of little mounds of hardened wax, surrounded by the scrolls of obscure scripture that Delyssa had meant to read but as yet hadn't.
Her first instinct was to sit on the edge of her bed and to continue pondering the life of an adventurer. It was so easy to believe that she could just sit in one place and spend her time thinking, and that that would be akin to the experience of doing. Instead, she threw open her chest and pulled out her few garments and tossed them onto the bed. She chose the initiate's robe that she barely wore and pulled it over her head. There was a deep pouch sewn onto the front, and she swept the candles from the desk into it (she had no idea how dark the inside of the Mausoleum would be) and wiggled her feet into stiff sandals that she had pulled from the bottom of the chest before stepping out again into the hallway.
=========================================================
When the greatest of poets speak of muses, they say that the divine places a call within their soul, a vectored urge that pulls them towards their fate. They say that this call starts off small: pensmiths call this the inkling. It grows with time, a longing to work -- they say this is "finding the purpose." Only very rarely does this calling start as a clear vision of the final result; more often it's a thought that comes again and again until it takes a firmer shape. In all cases, though, great artists agree that muses were rare gifts that lead to great acts of Destiny. Though Delyssa had only just begun to realize it, her muse was one of adventure, and the goddess Shevlana had sent it to her. Delyssa's destiny was to be the chosen of the pleasure goddess. Her future was waiting before her, open and ready for her to embrace it.