Amy woke up and got ready for work. She was still bubbling about what happened yesterday. She'd opened her front door and peek her head out of the door. Walked out and closed it. She was walking to her car completely naked. If she needed clothes, she had some in a locker, in the lounge, at school. She walked to the car slowly, enjoying the morning air. She pulled away in her car to go to work, slowly, enjoying the morning air. She pulled away in her car to go to work. You can only see her shoulders and above, if you saw her driving. People might think she had a tube top on or something, but she didn't. She drove through the busiest sections of the city and campus. Even though, this wasn't a big city, hundreds of people were still out here.
She parked in the closest lot for her building. Just then, she saw Kim rode up in front of her, on a bicycle. Kim stopped at the bicycle rack. Amy froze from getting out of her car to watch Kim. Kim had a very loose mini skirt on. The skirt was too short because half of her butt was shown, while she was sitting down. Kim got off her bike and was locking it up to the rack. Amy focused in on her. The wind blew just right to help Amy's wondering eyes. It had blown Kim's skirt up and on her back. Kim didn't try to put her skirt down at all, knowing that she didn't have any underwear on. When she was done, she stood up and her skirt went back down, by itself.
Amy laughed as she tried to get out of the car to catch up to Kim. The car door slams. Kim turns her head to see Amy hurrying to get to her - naked and carrying a briefcase.
"Well, well, well teach. I guess you don't like wearing clothes anymore, huh?"
"I guess not. Any objections?"
"Not from me!" Kim smiled as they turned to go to class.
Amy was giving the students practice tests all morning. It was around 10 a.m. and everyone had their head down, focusing on these test. She looked around to see everyone was studying. They treated her like she had clothes on. She couldn't believe that she was in public, naked, and people didn't mind. She felt that urge. She looked around to see if see was being watched. She slowly moved her hand in between her legs. She opened her legs as far as she could. No one can see under her desk. She was massaging herself slowly enough so her arm won't move. She'd looked up to see her students. It was exciting knowing that people could see her masturbate, but they didn't know. She put her fingers inside her wet pussy now. She'd paused to embellish her first public masturbation.
"Ms. Amy, can you come here please?"
Amy looked up then around to see who spoke. Finally, she turns towards the door and saw the Dean's head peeking at the door. Amy jumps a little, knowing now someone new is seeing her naked, her boss. He defiantly sees her nude sitting behind her desk, hopefully not knowingly with her fingers in herself. The students became scared and remained quite. She looks at her students with fear.
"Now, Ms. Amy" the Dean said with a stern voice.
Amy slowly rose up and pulled her chair back. She felt her pussy juices drip down her legs. Steve's eyes widen more with every inch he sees of her. Amy walked to the door and stepped out. Steve closes the door gently. She was about to die. She was found naked in public, with students and to top that off, her juices were running down her leg and her hand was soaked.
"Follow me!" he said. Amy followed him. They ended up, down the hallway, in front of a door, which appears to his office. They entered and he sat down behind his desk. Amy remained standing by the door. She felt him gathering his thoughts together, trying not to look at her. Her juices were by her knees now. She wanted to wipe it off, but it will show the Dean what was going on. She stood there, her arms next to her side, like a little kid in trouble. A naked teacher, with the Dean. She was really sweating now. Her career is over because of her new found freedom.
His bright office lights reflected off her sweating body like a disco ball. Steve turned to her and saw balls of sweat were rolling down in her cleavage. He looked down on her to see the sweat running towards her pussy. She just stood there, not even trying to cover herself, even from her embarrassment. He'd stared at her, in amusement. Her hairless body was silky smooth. The Dean looked up and cleared his throat.
"Have a seat, Amy." He walked over to the window and looked out. "Why are you naked? I believe in finding new techniques of teaching our students, but this is off the charts. I overheard some of your students in the hallway about you. I couldn't believe it. So, I had to see it for myself." He sat down behind his desk and put his hands together.
"It seems that you and your students are very comfortable with your nudity. You really took advantage of this deserted part of this campus. When we hire you, we didn't think that you will be walking around here nude. Tell me what's going on?" he leaned back in his chair and waited for Amy to speak.
"Well, I'm sorry if this causes you any trouble. I never imagine myself doing this at all. I admit I like being like this at home, even before I came here." Amy said softly.
"Well there are a lot of people that doesn't wear clothes in their home, what made you be in public?" He asked.
He'd noticed her breasts were moving with every breath she took. She started telling her story, starting with the first day she was here, with the students and the heat. Steve looked up at the ceiling to focus on her story. After several minutes, Amy stopped. She noticed that he gave her a smirk. She went this far already, why not enjoy it. Just the thought of her teasing him started to get her wet. She sat back in the chair and put one of her foot on her seat. Her knee was next to her face. She held her knee as she talked to Steve. She leaned back and put her other foot on her chair. No she is holding her knees together. She knew it would be a nice sight for him. Steve could clearly see her pussy and asshole. He'd tried hard not to scare at them. He'd started to get jumpy seeing the perfect pussy and butt hole he ever saw from a woman. He was trying to keep his professionalism.
"I'm really sorry if this causes any problems. I have some clothes in the lounge locker, I will put them on." Amy stood up and headed towards the door.
'I'm not done with you yet." he said. Amy stood there. He got up and sat on the corner of his desk in front of Amy. Steve moved in closer for a better view and Amy knew it. "Now that was a story! You know I'm a friend to you. I wished you came to me with this, from the start. I would have said no to this. Now, you and your class are accustoming to your nudity. I have to refer this to the board. I don't know what will happen. But for now, continue with you class." Amy walked to the door, with her head down and opened the door.
"By the way, go straight to your class and don't make any detours." She looked back at him and he smiled. "From now on, talk to me! When you get done with your class today, come to my office." he said.
"OK" she said.
She was walking in the hallway going back to her classroom. She started thinking about Steve. She always had a secret crush on him. Since the first day she heard his sexy voice on the phone. Just seeing Steve looking at her sweaty naked body pleases her. While she was talking, she could almost hear his thoughts. Teasing him like that was worth it. She can have another bullet in her journal now. She was figuring out what he looks like nude. She reached her classroom door. Amy has to recover herself before her students see her. She wipes her body off from the sweat. When she went to her crouch, she realizes that she was more than sweating. She tries to wipe it away, suddenly one of her fingers slid in. "OOOOH" said moaned. Amy looked around to see anybody was around. Her finger slid in her too easily and she wants to explore it. She leaned against the wall and thought about Steve. She took her other hand to rub her clit. She needs to stay away from people so their won't smell her pussy all over her. The Dean told her not to go the bathroom. He's probably standing in the hallway to see if Amy went straight to her classroom.
She rubs her pussy and legs to rub off her juices. Amy stepped in her classroom. Her students were huddled up in a discussion. They looked up when they saw Amy come through the door. They jumped up and surround her.
"What happen? Are you ok? Are you in trouble?" they asked.
"Have a seat and I will tell you what happened!" Amy said as she stood in front of the class. The students quickly found their seats. Then Amy started walking up and down the aisles.
"Well, I told him about everything. He was very stunned. But anyway, he sent me back and I think he didn't want me to put nothing on."
"I would too; someone has to be crazy, to tell you to put clothes on. You're the bomb, Ms. Amy." A girl shouted. The classroom laughed.
"Let's finish. We only have about an hour before lunch, then your exam." Amy sat behind her desk to finish grading the earlier practice test. The class became quite.
"I think that the Dean likes you!" another girl said. Amy lowered her head to smile.