Warning: As the Series title indicates, scat play is a factor here; if you are not comfortable reading about this, please choose another selection. Each chapter can be read as a stand-alone, though they are populated by recurring characters. All characters are over 18.
Gordon got a text invitation for two to take in a Club Cav (short for Caviar) party the next time they met, partly to discuss an idea they had regarding online postings. Since he was unavailable at the time, Owen and I (Tricia) decided we would attend. Club Cav was headquartered on the eastern end of Long Island, and their scat parties always took place in one of those Hampton's mansions you read about, very fancy, very posh, very la-de-da. We had a good time making fun on the drive out, wondering if stuck-up noses got in the way of a good ass reaming or if scatting was done in prescribed courses as determined by Emily Post. Fortunately, we were dead wrong about all that, and our prejudices were unfounded (except for the mansion which was a magnificent pile); they are really a great gang of people and as dirty and filthy as you'd ever want.
I wore one of my fancier dresses, a mid-thigh body-hugger that plunged halfway down my nipples and a butt plug instead of panties. Owen thought that was a nice touch and insisted I flash him a peek while we were somewhere on the L.I. Expressway, which I did, unfastening my seatbelt and spreading my legs wide open on the seat facing him, warning him not to crash the car. He touched it briefly and asked me to take it out and give him a taste of it, but I told him it was holding back what I wouldn't want to dump on the seat, which would be a waste of good treasure. He'd just have to wait. We were both feeling horny, so I sucked his cock for a while on the Sunrise Highway, although I noticed, naturally, that it was causing him to focus more on my mouth than the gas pedal, so I decided to stop or we'd never reach our destination. He'd just have to wait for that, too.
The home was a stunner, as I mentioned, very private, but with lots of beach frontage. The scat room was huge (it made Jessica's look like a cubbyhole... just kidding). About 30 people were there, including a few from Clubs Pru and Lacoste, which helped swell the attendance figures, and liquor and weed were plentiful. There was an exit from the scat room onto a good-sized patio which led on to the beach, so it became routine to see people enjoying themselves in the scat room and then taking a stroll on the beach, maybe taking a swim in the ocean. Everyone was naked, of course.
When I took my dress off soon after entering the home, my butt plug was quickly noticed and I was escorted into the scat room. Owen was taking his clothes off while talking to a brunette beauty with a stunning figure, and she was obviously eager for him to hurry up and join her. Whether they had known each other from a previous party, I couldn't tell; I didn't recognize her, however. A blonde woman, whose shoulder-length hair style could best be described as bed-head, which I thought made her look sexy as fuck, put her arm around me and we were joined by two men; we introduced ourselves and claimed a spot near the middle of the thickly matted floor.
It was a fascinating scene, which is not to say it was unusual, at least for these kinds of affairs. Every monthly party Club Venery ever held had a similar look and feel about it. As at all orgies, exclusivity was a rare occurrence, and people just naturally joined together in groups or saw an activity they liked and asked to participate. The action was varied, from very casual to very intense, from XXX to PG-rated, all within a few feet of each other. Scat, of course, was a central ingredient with most encounters, but not always, especially as time went on. It was common to see a threesome or foursome heavily involved in a scat-intense episode, shit being spread lovingly everywhere, while a short distance away a handful of people sat in a circle having a friendly conversation drinking wine or passing around a cannabis pipe.
As the four of us spoke and shared some weed getting to know one another, less than five feet away a scene was unfolding that was impossible to ignore. Two men were engaged with a woman I recognized (Sonya), one man licking her pussy while the other fed her his cock while kneeling next to her. All three were obviously enjoying themselves immensely. Suddenly Sonya raised her legs and held them back, and announced to the man eating her pussy (a handsome muscular guy with dark wavy hair whose name I learned much later was Holden) that she was "about to explode from the shit in my ass, it's opening me up like a huge cock plowing into me, catch it in your hand." Holden implored her to push and soon a long brown turd began to swim out of her ass into his hand, causing her to sigh with relief and pleasure. When his hand was full, he smelled it, even kissed it, which endeared me to him, seeing that loving act, and placed it on her lower belly. He started spreading it there, on her pussy, and her thighs, all the while interrupting his actions to lick her pussy some more.
Meanwhile, the other man, whose name I never did learn, had whispered something to her that made her smile and say rather loudly, "Yes," and then he straddled her breasts facing her feet, revealing a gorgeously smooth and unblemished ass and delectable rosebud, and, after some hesitation, deposited a soft pile of shit on them, which she immediately began rubbing into her skin, moaning softly. The feeling of all that creamy shit being spread all over her tits had her writhing in pleasure. When she had her tits and neck covered in poop, she reached for his cock and stroked him with her filthy hands. When it was nearly all black, she took it in her mouth and sucked him, smearing his cock all over her face. Holden was now between her legs inserting his cock into her pussy, fucking her. Her moans of ecstasy grew louder and more fervent, and it wasn't long before the man being sucked came on her face and in her mouth, after which Holden withdrew his cock from her cunt and sprayed his cum all over her tits and belly. It was amazing to see, they were so into it, and I hoped the four of us could match it in intensity.
A few feet away in the other direction, some chairs and couches had been set up along the periphery of the room. Sharing one of the large leather armchairs, two very sensual women sat half in each other's arms busily smearing what they had obviously just deposited on each other (I unfortunately noticed them too late to witness their defecating, which I imagined was done with extreme euphoria), massaging their breasts until they were thoroughly covered in creamy poop, and then moving their hands up to each other's face. The way they touched each other, knowing exactly what the other cherished most, was a clear indication they were lovers and had engaged in this with each other frequently. Soon their faces were buried under a thin layer of shit as they sucked each other's fingers clean. One of them picked up a remnant of one of their logs and they sucked on it together, as if sharing a two-headed dildo. They were so passionate with each other, so satisfying.
When I saw them again, two other women, each streaked in shit over most of their bodies, were attaching thin dog collars around their necks onto which were clipped black velvet leashes, and pulling them off the armchairs and towards a small group of women ready to have their way with them. I could only imagine the depraved delightfulness that would occur in that group, the amount of shit that would be shared and consumed, and wished I could join them. I had to remind myself not to be greedy, that there was plenty of time to engage in every imaginable escapade, and to get ready to enjoy what was about to transpire with my three new friends sitting next to me. Variety was certainly the mother of enjoyment here, as someone once said.
Finally, our chatting subsided, to be replaced by more physical endeavors, and not a minute too soon. One of the men, Alec, had me kneel while he played with my butt plug, pulling it out, licking it clean, then putting it back in again (sorry, Owen, maybe next time). Teresa, the other woman, started to suck the other man's (Benjamin's) cock, really relishing it, and then they both moved over in front of me with Teresa kneeling, her ass in my face, while she continued to suck Benjamin. I caressed her ass, which was soft and pliant and was as tanned as the rest of her body, with my fingers, moving them up and down along her crack, feeling her heat building there; I would first use the flesh side of my fingertips and then the nail, which I had painted a bright red.
I poured some lubricant from a nearby bottle I found onto her asshole and began to insert my finger into her, ever so slightly and then deeper, until my whole finger, and then two whole fingers were inside of her. I put my face close to her ass and smelled her: nothing. I took my fingers out of her ass and put them in my mouth to taste, but again there was nothing but a slight taste from the lubricant. Finally, I buried my face in her ass crack, my tongue licking her everywhere, such a sweet, delicious ass. Alec took my butt plug out for the last time, gave my asshole a good plunging with his tongue, and reached for the lubricant bottle I had used. He applied some to his penis and then my asshole before sliding his cock up my rectum. His cock was an average length and not too fat around, so it felt wonderful inside of me, plowing into my shit as it attempted to make its way out.
Alec fucked my ass for several minutes, his last few thrusts very pronounced, and then took his cock out and quickly moved to attach his lips to my rosebud, licking it hard, salivating all over it, getting ready to receive my gift. I told him he would not have long to wait, and suddenly my bowels emptied and rushed into his mouth; he took all he could manage and caught the rest in his hands, along with a small amount of pee that followed. It was a solid log but creamy, quite a lot, even by my standards. He smeared what was in his hands on my ass cheeks and up my back (I love shit on my body everywhere, in case you haven't noticed yet). It felt warm and mushy, and I implored him not to be miserly with it, but to spread it all over me. He said not to worry.
Teresa now began to shit as well, a sturdy eight-inch log that went into my mouth like a gorgeous cock, pushing all the way back into my throat. I took it all until she snapped it off with her sphincter; it was slightly pungent and tasted acrid but not displeasing. She also peed a small amount that cascaded down my neck. I held my head up as high into the air as I could so the turd wouldn't break off, my hand ready to grab it if it did, and then Benjamin bent down and took the part that was sticking out of my mouth into his. We enjoyed the log together, our mouths turning black and soupy. We dribbled most of it out down our chins, which I caressed into my tits.
When we had had our fill of this savory treat, we broke it in two and spread it on each other's face. Meanwhile Teresa had joined Alec, and both took turns taking my shit, rubbing it in my crack, and licking it out, and then kissing each other. It was a shit-lover's dream for all four of us. For the coda to this presentation, Alec stood behind me and pissed onto my ass and even managed to soak Teresa's tits, to her delight. None of us had orgasmed yet, but there was plenty of time and no rush.
The four of us hugged and exchanged a few pleasantries (Alec was an academic like me, a geographer, and I made a mental note to seek him out again, if possible, later), then we split up. I immediately thought of that group of women with the two women in dog collars, but I couldn't locate them; they'd either finished what they wanted to do together, or perhaps had retreated someplace more secluded. That thought really made my mouth water.
It was as my mind was going wild imagining all the wonderful nasty things happening with those women that I had the good fortune to meet Ethan and Kaylee. It was a feature of Club Cav that they sported a "youth fraternity." I always thought Chloe was one of the youngest, if not the youngest, member of any of the clubs and she was just shy of 21 when she was "discovered," but at Club Cav some partiers were just freshmen or sophomores in college (though certainly above the voting age). Kaylee turned 19 four months ago, Ethan just last month. Both had gone to private high schools and were sophomores in college now. Via friends of friends and one or two distant relatives, their devotion to the scat fetish became known and they got invited to Club Cav. Kaylee had been to a few parties, Ethan just one, and everyone took a shine to them; I thought they were cute as could be and would make a wonderful scat couple. It's the romantic in me.
This is going to sound insanely ridiculous, but there was an innocence about them that I found immensely appealing (yeah, I know, as they sat there half-covered in shit having just fucked their brains out with three other people; some innocence). Yet there was ajoie de vivreabout them as they started this new adventure. I wondered if Lewis and Clark felt that way (I'm a history prof, remember). It was like they were starting out on a fascinating, life-altering journey, learning all the ropes, dedicating their lives to it. Kaylee told me she'd accepted the fact that few if any of her "normal" friends would understand her fetish, forget about condoning it, and she was perfectly happy with that. This was why she liked the club so much: she'd always have an outlet for what turned her on the most sexually.
Everything about Kaylee was like a magnet to me, and I began to move closer to her as we talked, which was getting harder to do since I was just about sitting in her lap already. I finally reached out and touched her breast and then her face, and kissed her. I told her I just had to get it on with her, would that be okay? She was delighted and we hugged. I kissed her again on the lips, my hand stroking her face; our lips and tongues were shit-stained from our previous activities, but it didn't hinder us from kissing each other passionately. She was a wonderful kisser, open and inviting, a quality not always found among scat lovers.
When we had satisfied ourselves with our mouths, I got between her legs and licked her pussy, a lovely light-brown fluffy bush. She ran her fingers through my hair and held my head steadily when I licked a spot she particularly liked, imploring me to "stay right there, that was perfect, tongue me harder." I licked deep, tasting her juices, nibbling her inner folds, and then pinpointed my tongue onto her clit. She was delicious, sweet almost, like fresh picked fruit. She threw her thighs around my head, holding my mouth to her pussy and began a mantra of "Shit, Fuck, Mmmm," and then changed the order, keeping this up until she shook violently as she climaxed, sighing a long "Yessss." Just before she finished Ethan had come over to suck her tits and help her over the edge. It was all so sweet; I loved it.
She and Ethan were soon being summoned to join a foursome where she was asked to share a turd with an older medium-built guy in a shit kiss while a portly woman reamed out her asshole, and he was getting his cock lathered up with creamy shit in preparation for a blowjob by a knockout redhead I knew named Phoebe. I once shared sucking a cock with her and was amazed how deep she could take it down her throat and not gag; she told me she and her college roommate used to have sex using a 14" dildo and sucking on that so often provided plenty of practice. So I left the happy duo and looked for Owen. I finally found him, but not with the brunette I last saw him with earlier.
"Hey, you," I said to him and sat down next to him. He was lying with his head on the shaved pussy of a gorgeous short-haired dirty blonde I hadn't seen before. At first I thought he was just using her pussy as a nice pillow, but she was actually rubbing her pussy into the back of his head, enjoying the sensation. We looked at each other briefly and exchanged names (hers was Joanna), and I asked if she wouldn't mind my sucking Owen's cock while she continued using his head for her own pleasure. She said that would be fine.
Owen seemed pleasantly surprised by my request, and I said to him, "You don't mind, do you; that blowjob in the car just whet my appetite," half jesting with him.
"Be my guest," he said, smiling. "Eat any parts of me you want."
"Do you two know each other well?" Joanna asked me.
"We came here together from Jersey," I answered, just before taking a long lick of his shit-streaked shaft.
"Oh, that's nice," she said. "Owen, I hope you won't mind my saying this, but Owen just came in my ass if you want to eat out his creampie, Tricia. I think that would be great. After you suck his cock, of course. Whatever you want. I wouldn't mind sharing it with you, if you do."
"I'd love to, Joanna," I told her. I sucked his cock several times, relishing his taste, which I guess consisted mostly of Joanna's shit and ass. I'm glad she had told me what happened between her and Owen, which explained why his cock was not rock hard after a few of my most artful sucks on it, which would usually be the case. I didn't want to think I was losing my touch. So I told her to squat over my face and let his cum dribble out into my mouth. I licked her asshole and fucked her there with my tongue, which caused her to moan contentedly when I thrust it inside of her as far as I could, until his semi-white liquid ran out onto it; it tasted slightly salty and delicious.
"I want to lick your pussy, Tricia. Okay?"
Before I could answer Joanna had bent down over my torso and begun licking my pussy in a 69 position. Her technique was fantastic, her tongue stroking my labia and then inside my pussy at just the right speed and force, my juices really starting to flow, and I could feel a climax building quickly. I shifted from licking her ass to her pussy and hoped I could bring her to orgasm as well, but before I could, she induced my climax and sent me over the precipice. I continued to lick her, but she soon rolled away.
"I usually come early at these orgies," she said, "and then it gets harder as time goes on. It still feels wonderful, though, so I don't mind. Owen here got my rocks off when he fucked my ass, my favorite kind of orgasm."
I looked at Owen, who had a grin on his face. "Not so loud, Joanna, or lover boy here will get a bigger head than usual. It'll be unbearable driving home with him." We all laughed.
I told Owen to take a walk with me on the beach. I asked him about the brunette I saw him with after we first arrived, and he said her name was Gina, and he had first met her at a scat orgy when he was still in D.C. "I must have really made an impression on her, because she said as soon as she saw me, she couldn't wait to scat with me again. I'm glad, because she's incredible."
"More incredible than me?" I asked, putting his arm around me.
"Fuck, Trish. Of course not. Don't be ridiculous."
"Isn't that her over there?" I asked, pointing with my eyes to a shit-coated woman straddling a body-builder type guy riding his cock up her ass while a woman with long hair dripping with piss and shit pissed in her mouth. Gina, when her mouth was full, would turn the other woman slightly to redirect her flow onto the guy beneath her, and then squirt the pee in her mouth up onto her tits and face, to the glee of both of them.
"Yeah, that's her." Was there a wistfulness in his voice?
"Sure you don't want to go over to her? Be with her again?"
"No, let's take that walk on the beach." I smiled and put my arm around his waist and hugged him.
We made our way out of the scat room and onto the beach. People were coming and going with varying amounts of shit on their bodies. One woman who was just about totally covered was rolling around in the sand, the sand sticking to the shit and burying it. It looked wonderfully sexy, and I thought I was going to have to try that, too, but there was a guy with her, also all covered in sand, who looked like he wanted to fuck her. I hoped that wasn't going to happen because all that sand would hurt like a motherfucker inside of her, I thought. We walked on toward the ocean and I suddenly grabbed Owen in a bear hug and threw him into the sand, following along right with him. We rolled around together getting sand all over us; it did wonders for the smell, but didn't feel as sexy as I thought it would. We finally got up and ran into the ocean, the sand and lots of the shit washing off our bodies. We remained in the water quite a while scrubbing ourselves and swimming around, having a good time.
This being eastern Long Island there had been quite a few shark sightings that summer, and I wondered if they would be attracted or repelled by shit in the water. I figured probably the former and told Owen maybe we should get out. I could see the headlines now: "Woman Covered in Shit Attacked by Shark / What Was She Thinking?" One of my favorite sexy movie scenes (Hollywood movies, not porn movies where I have so many favorite scenes) is where Deborah Kerr and Burt Lancaster are hugging and kissing each other while rolling around at the edge of the ocean in Hawaii, the waves crashing in on them, inFrom Here to Eternity, and I asked Owen to be Burt to my Deb, and we did the same thing. It felt pretty sexy (we were naked, of course, not in bathing suits like B & D), rolling around on the wet sand and in the foamy water, until a big wave caught me in the face and almost drowned me. Owen laughed and called me a crazy cunt, and we headed back to the scat room. I was feeling horny as hell, the ocean water having stimulated my pussy and tits, and wanted to fuck some more, wallow in lots more shit.
Everybody it seemed who had gone for a swim came back and showered before partaking in more fun and games, but I was curious to see if the salt from the ocean would add or detract from the pleasure of smearing shit all over me, so didn't bother (except to get the sand off my feet). I saw a group of four or five people forming off to the left and asked Owen if he wanted to join in with me. He said maybe later, and I kidded him how he didn't like me anymore, didn't like the taste of my shit anymore, I meant nothing to him, he was breaking my heart, how could he....
"Okay, okay," he croaked, grabbing me around my shoulders, "relax, will you? I didn't say no, I said later. I was just checking this out over here." And I saw he was looking at Ethan and Kaylee, and I immediately told him that yes, hook up with them, they were a great couple, and to let me know what he thought of them.
I joined the group I mentioned and they were a very horny, no-holds-barred group, indeed. One man took me in his arms and began licking me all over, perhaps intrigued by the novelty of being able to do so and not get a mouthful of shit, my body still pristine from my swim.
"You must have just had a swim, you taste so salty and a little sandy," he said.
"I'm trying an experiment," I told him. "I'm sorry about the sand, I never thought of that, but is the salt a turn-off as well? I did go for a swim, as a matter of fact, and purposely didn't shower before coming in here, wondering if it would make the shit I crave feel even better than usual."
"I don't mind the salt at all," he admitted, "seeing I'm licking it off a pair of tits and a pussy as gorgeous as yours."
"What's your name," I smiled. "Anybody who says things like that to me automatically goes on my Christmas card list."
He laughed and said, "I didn't think those things even existed anymore."
"Despite my appearance at the moment," I declared, "I'm just an old-fashioned girl, very big on maintaining old traditions."
He laughed again and told me his name was Eugene and asked me if there were any other lists I kept I wouldn't mind adding his name to. I told him that depended on what happened next.
"You might even make it onto my shit list," I grinned, "if you meet my high standards of excellence."
"I'm on quite a few of those already," he said, "but not in the same way you're talking about. I hope, anyway. You'll get my best effort, I promise." A very nice man, sweet and friendly, like just about everybody at this orgy.
Eugene introduced me to the others in the group. We kissed one another and soon our hands were everywhere, our bodies engulfing each other. I thought I was about to be put in one of my favorite scatting positions where I'm lying on my back with a woman kneeling over me facing backwards, her ass over my face, while a guy fucks her in the ass; he keeps pulling out of her ass giving me his shit-covered cock to suck until she finally lets loose and shits in my face. I love the anticipation and then sudden explosion, and I love it especially if the shit is soft and creamy, but not watery, and her aim has been good and it lands in my mouth, though anywhere on my face is fine. If I'm feeling super horny, I like to pull her ass on my face and spread it all around, closing my eyes. Something happens in my stomach then, like what you might feel on a roller coaster, and I'm in ecstasy. This usually triggers something in me that releases most of my self-control mechanisms, and I start to go a little crazy. Not all shit tastes the same, obviously, but after a while the more your taste buds encounter it during a single session, the less distinct the taste becomes. A direct connection is established between my mouth and cunt, the more shit in my mouth the harder my cunt pulsates. I've occasionally while sucking the shit ecstatically out of someone's ass (Mark and Gordon immediately come to mind) made myself come without any physical stimulation. It sounds pretty insane, but I've heard Jessica and Heather say the same thing, while Paula and Suzy say they've come close.
But that's not quite how it turned out. Another woman (Emily) beat me to it, arranged herself under Anita's ass to receive her gift, and I only was able to help her spread it on her. I was disappointed at first, but less so when I saw how much Anita had to give, which wasn't very much after all.
My desire to get dirty, though, was still at peak level, and I draped myself across Eugene's body, pushing him to the floor on his back and crawling on top of him. I reminded him what he promised me, and he said he knew exactly what he wanted to do. He told me to get between his legs on my back and to arch my head back as if to lick his balls. When I did, he called a woman named Hannah over to us. Hannah was almost completely covered in shit, as if someone had dumped a huge bucket of poop on her head and then spread it all over her. He asked her to start at my feet and to begin smearing the excess shit on her body onto mine, working her way up my legs to my pussy and then my breasts.
Hannah was more than happy to do this and, in fact, went one step further and better: she brought a container of saved shit over with her and used her mouth on me as well as her fingers. She bathed my feet in shit and then sucked my toes, all ten of them, and then covered them again. After doing my legs, almost inch by inch, making sure not to miss a spot, which was beginning to put me into an ecstatic trance, she spread a large handful from the container out across my pussy and then licked me all over there, her tongue plunging deep inside of me. She was unbelievable in the care she took to give me the most pleasure. Soon her hands were caressing my tits, massaging them in creamy luxury, followed by her mouth sucking them.
"Suck my cock, Hannah," Eugene said to her when she had covered and sucked my tits. "Please, love."
With her body straddling mine over my belly, she took his cock in her mouth after stroking it with her filthy hands and sucked him. The shit juices oozed off his cock out of the sides of her mouth and landed on my face.
"Ready?" he said to me, and I wasn't sure exactly what he wanted me to do, but a moment later I felt him push his ass off the floor about a foot into the air.
"Put your face under my ass, Tricia, tilt your head back so your mouth is on my asshole. Tongue fuck me there."
I did what he asked and he held himself up with his hands on the floor until my lips made contact with his rosebud upside-down and my tongue dove through it. I licked him as deep as I could, still aware that Hannah continued to suck his cock. He said something else to me, though it was hard for me to hear what it was, and then I felt something push against my tongue in his ass and realized he had told me to "Open." I opened my mouth and a turd began to avalanche into it. The ecstasy I felt erupted through my body like a volcano; if Hannah hadn't been straddling me, my body would have convulsed and flown off somewhere, I'm almost sure of it. The log was long and fat, and what didn't fit in my mouth fell across my face onto my forehead. I just lay there relishing every second of this.
I heard Eugene moan a few times, as did Hannah, and then he came in her mouth, several spurts worth of cum filling her orifice. When he was done ejaculating, he moved back a bit and sat on the floor, his balls resting on my hair, which for some reason seemed incredibly sexy to me. Hannah, seeing my face exposed and a giant log jutting from my mouth, leaned down and dribbled the cum from her mouth along the length of the turd, ending at my mouth; she ran her tongue several times back and forth along the log, spreading the cum all over it. She then took it out of my mouth and rubbed all of it across my lips, telling me to stick my tongue out and taste Eugene's cum. I did just that, and then we both shared the turd like sucking a cock. It had an earthy, pecan flavor and was delectable.
As we shared Eugene's log in our mouths and spread some of it on our faces, I told her about my salt-water-on-skin experiment and asked her whether she noticed any difference in the way her shit spread or tasted on me. Nothing out of the ordinary, she said, though she did notice it was a bit salty at first but it didn't last long. That was pretty much my opinion, too. So ocean water had no lasting effect on the taste or spreadability of shit on the skin; I wondered if I could write a scientific paper about it for a professional journal. WouldScienceorNaturebe interested?
Hannah was one hot, full-steam-ahead scat queen, and was soon being summoned to join another group requesting her talents. She was more than happy to oblige. So I looked for Eugene to tell him that he easily made it on to my shit list, in fact, almost jumped right to the top just behind Gordon and Mark and (I almost forgot) Owen. But Eugene disappeared somewhere and I couldn't find him. What I really wanted after all the shit smearing, ass reaming, and log sucking was someone to fuck me royally.
And right on cue, there was Owen. I found him lying on the floor with his head up against the front of one of the couches. His eyes were closed and he looked like a truck just ran over him. I smiled and sat down next to him, got close to his ear, and in a soft sexy voice said, "Hey, lover boy, wanna fuck me?" From the looks of him I thought he would groan and just roll over in exhaustion. Instead, he opened his eyes, looked at me, grabbed me, threw me down on the mat, and with a mouth that was very much smeared with a thick coating of poop (Kaylee's, I hoped), he dived into my equally shit-covered pussy, sucking it greedily.
I normally like this activity to go on for quite a while, but not this time, and was happy to see Owen removing his face from my pussy and replacing it with his hard, raging cock. I was wet and eager and his cock slid right in to the hilt. Thrust after thrust he pounded me, making me wild with pleasure. This is exactly what I craved, a good hard hammering. I held his muscular arms and shoulders and told him to keep fucking me, not to stop, that I was about to come any second. I pinched and then licked his nipples, coating my tongue in the shit spread there (again hoping it was Kaylee's), and then I rocketed off as my body whiplashed on the floor, and I felt his cock releasing a flood of cum. He took it out of my pussy and gave it to me to suck; his cum tasted creamy, better than when I ate it out of Joanna's ass, the same as Eugene's. I wished Hannah could taste it; I know she'd love it.
It was as we rested after that, that Malcolm from Club Cav spoke to us about their proposal, which involved each club creating a digital calendar with a wild-as-could-be scat photo for each month, like the old pin-up calendars. It would be like a friendly competition between the clubs over who could come up with the raunchiest, filthiest monthly photos. Owen noted right away that privacy would be an issue, "unless everyone wore masks or faces were blocked out, both of which looked dumb." Malcolm said they were working on ways to secure things to keep them private, but that lots of people with exhibitionist tendencies really wanted to share their scat adventures with others online.
"Let them if they want," said Owen, "as long as they're discreet and all agree to it." I had mixed feelings; my career could be at risk if it got out I was a dyed-in-the-wool practicing scat queen, my activities plastered all over the internet, but I didn't want to restrict others from doing what they wanted. Owen said what he knew about some of the people in the D.C. club, they would especially be worried about identities getting leaked, being well-placed government Pooh Bahs. Malcolm said he was aware of that having spoken to Club Lacoste already, but just wanted us to present their idea to the rest of our club and get everyone's opinion. We said we would.
The party went on for several more hours and both Owen and I got involved in a number of escapades, some together, some not, almost all by now involving either saved containers that people had brought with them or no additional shit at all, everyone's well having run dry. Much later, while driving home, we agreed it had been a great party, mainly because the people had been so great. For me that meant everyone was not just sexy and willing, you expect that at an orgy, but also super friendly and wonderful to be with. I finally got around to asking him his opinion of Ethan and Kaylee, and he said he liked them a lot, too. He told me that he and Kaylee were getting it on and that she'd done something with him that was so fantastically sexy and outrageous that he couldn't believe a girl only 19 could even imagine doing such a thing. I begged him to tell me what it was but he wouldn't; he thought I would just say he was making it up.
"But it's why I ravished you when you asked me to fuck you, you know, it still had my brain and cock on fire, even though I might not have looked it," he said.
"You certainly didn't," I laughed. "It was a very pleasant surprise." Yes indeed, I really liked that girl! Now I just had to find out from her what it was she did to him. Maybe she could teach me something new.