July 17, 2006
Dear Bobby,
I am so proud of you for joining the Marines. I think it is such a wonderful thing that you are doing for our country and all. Please know that everyone here is behind you, and we all love you so much; especially me.
Thank you so much for that gift you sent me from France. I really needed a new bikini, but this is really over-the-top. It is such a pretty pink color I know I will draw a lot of attention at the beach. I can't believe that people actually wear these in public, and I can't wait to wear it for you, darling.
I was surprised that there wasn't a note attached or anything. I guess you forgot to put it in the package. I knew it came from you, though. Who else do I know that is traveling the world? I didn't know that France was on the way to Korea, but I never understood geography anyway.
I had to get the French teacher at school to tell me what it was. The packaging just said, "Maillot de bain." When I found out it was a bathing suit, I just had to try it on. I had to have Ginny come over to help me figure out how it was supposed to go, but we finally managed. It was really difficult because the package only contained a long string-like thing, and there were no instructions or pictures. Ginny found a model on the Internet wearing one, which really helped.
Oh, my God! It is sooo sexy! You wouldn't believe it. I'd send you one of the pictures Ginny took, but I don't want you showing it to all your buddies. She had to e-mail a few of them to a bunch of our friends to show them how much you love me. As long as she didn't send them to my mom or dad, I thought it would be okay with you.
I swear I can't believe people consider this a bathing suit! I'm as good as naked. I mean, my tits are totally exposed, and the string just splits around my pussy so that I'm totally bare down there. It gets me wet just thinking about wearing it for you when you return. As a matter of fact, just modeling it for Ginny got me so wet that she could see it dripping down my thighs. I was so embarrassed, but she said that it made her wet looking at me, so we both just laughed.
Ginny had me try different configurations of the suit. I guess she found that it could be worn a bunch of different ways. My favorite is the one where the two strings come up between my thighs and immediately wrap around my back so they come together just above my butt. You should see it! The strings cross in the middle of my back and then come around my sides to go up between my breasts. Then they cross just below my neck and goes over my shoulders to run straight down my back and between my butt cheeks. I feel so exposed, and the feeling of those two strings between my butt-cheeks gets me all worked up!
Ginny thought my landing strip didn't look right. The model was completely shaved, and I agreed that the pubes needed to go. Ginny is such a friend. She helped me shave all my hair off so I would be totally bare down there. It was so weird having her touching me down there, but it was necessary to make everything nice and smooth. Don't tell her, though, I had a couple of small orgasms when she was pulling my skin tight to shave me properly.
Now, with my hair removed, my lips are totally exposed. They were pretty much exposed before, but now... God! It is so hot! Ginny says that the bright pink of the strings seems to draw her eyes to my bare pussy. That's just what I need! Now everyone will know how horny I get when I'm with you. Ginny just couldn't believe how much I leaked, and she had to keep wiping it up with her fingers.
July 30
Sorry about not sending this right away, but I got a call from Ginny while I was writing it, and I didn't get a chance to finish it until today.
Right after modeling the new suit you sent me, Ginny and I went to the spa to get waxed. I decided that I really needed to have my pussy waxed if I was going to wear that suit for you. Now my pussy looks even better when I wear the suit because I'm all smooth down there, and I can't wait for you to see it.
Yesterday, we got the whole gang together and went to the beach. Ginny convinced me that I just had to wear your new suit to show it off to everyone. I told her that I wanted to wait for you to come home, but she thought you wouldn't mind. I got so horny thinking about wearing it in front of all our friends, I just had to do it.
You would not believe the reaction! Everyone just loved it. Dan and Steven thought I looked really hot in it. I thought they were so funny because they had to keep running into the water to cool off. They were so cute. The girls kept pointing at the tents in the guys' trunks, and the guys would get all embarrassed. Brenda had to take care of Eddie three times! Can you believe she sucked him off twice right there on the beach in front of everybody? I could never do that! She is so brave!
Ginny saw the agony the guys were going through, and since Dan and Steve don't have girl friends, she finally volunteered to help them out. The three of them went behind a sand dune and came back a lot calmer.
Rachel, on the other hand, was such a prude. She wouldn't even touch Roger, and the poor boy was going crazy. He kept trying to get her to go behind the sand dune with him, but she would have nothing of it. He finally said that he had to go to the bathroom to relieve himself. I felt so sorry for him; I decided to go with him to keep him company. I don't know what Rachel's problem was.
All the way back to the restrooms, Roger was going on and on about how sexy he thought I looked in the new suit. He said you are such a lucky guy to have such a pretty girl that would be willing to wear a suit like this, but I know that I'm the lucky one. He was telling me that my suit was such a turn on, and he wanted to get one for Rachel, but he wasn't sure if she would wear it.
Before we got to the restrooms, he asked if he could look at the suit more closely, so I let him. Roger really liked the way the string went up between my breasts, and his hands were actually shaking when he felt the material. He was really fascinated with how it straddled my pussy lips, too, and he complimented me on the wax job. He was amazed with how smooth I felt down there, and he was really surprised with how hard my clit was and how it poked out from between my lips. I didn't even know it was doing that. I guess it turns me on so much when I'm wearing that suit that it shows. I know my nipples are always hard and my pussy is leaking, but I didn't realize my clitty was sticking out, too.
Roger thinks I should get my nipples and clit pierced. He said it would really be a nice addition to this beautiful suit. I've made an appointment for my nipples next week, but I'm not so sure about doing it to my clit. It sounds so painful, but it might be fun, especially if I get this really shiny stud to wear whenever I'm in this suit.
Roger was in real pain. I guess Rachel is on the rag, and she hasn't given him any relief for three whole days. I could hear him trying to get off in the men's room, but he just couldn't do it. There were just too many guys going in and out, and it distracted him. I don't know where all the guys came from; the place was dead when we got there, but they all seemed to suddenly show up and need to go.
I hope you don't mind. Since Roger was so nice to me, I decided to give him a quick blowjob to tide him over until Rachel can take care of him properly. I know, I know. I told you that I'd never do that because it's just so gross, but I didn't know what else to do. I didn't want to cheat on you, and I couldn't very well give him a handjob out there in public, so I figured the best thing to do was take it in my mouth so I could swallow his semen. He was real grateful, and I knew you wouldn't get upset; us all being such good friends and all. I was really surprised with how big he is, though. I didn't realize he was so well endowed. I barely got half of his penis in my mouth, and boy do his balls hold a lot. I was so embarrassed! I spilled Roger all over my front, and a bunch of people saw. He had to help me rub it into my breasts so no one would notice. He's such a nice guy. I don't know what's wrong with Rachel.
Some lifeguard came by and told us we couldn't do that there. Roger and I had ducked down by the pier, and I guess there were a lot of people hanging out in the shade. I didn't realize we had an audience until the lifeguard told us. Good thing Roger got off before we had to move, though. It was really funny, too. The lifeguard did a double take when he saw my suit. His face got all red, and I could see his boner inflate in that tiny red suit that he wears. Wow! I love the affect this suit has on guys!
When Roger and I got back to the blanket, I showed everyone how hard my clitty was. Everyone was so impressed. Ginny, of course, had to touch it, and I almost had an orgasm right there on the beach. I guess my reaction really surprised everyone, so they each had to take turns touching me there while they laughed at my reaction. Steven actually pinched it with his thumb and index finger, and that was it. I came hard. They all laughed at my cum-face, and the rest of the afternoon, the guys were trying to make me do it again. I finally let Dan do it just before we went home.
The guys all convinced me to enter the Bikini Contest next week with your new suit. I could win $500, and they are really confident I will. I'm going to have to go to the beach a lot between now and then to make sure my tan is just right. The whole gang said they'd come with me to help me with my tan. Ted said he would take pictures of the contest for you when you get back.
Anyway, I'm going to close now. I'll tell you all about the Bikini Contest. I can't wait for you to come home.
Love,
Brandi