Political disagreement between the ruling party and the opposition can lead to a city-wide lockdown in Indian cities. This meant that restaurants, Cabs, Public transport all shut down their services for the day. There were instances of partial lockdown without any prior notice and that is what happened on 4th of July 2022. The cab union of Bombay city went on strike around 10 in the morning and was joined by the public transport union by noon. People who left for work had limited means to travel back home by the time it was evening.
Sameer was asked if he could drop anyone who lived on the same route towards his apartment. The staff had gathered to help sort out transportation. Shalini responded that her apartment was on the same route and that she didn't have her own vehicle to get home. Sameer and Shalini had never met each other before. They both worked on different floors and in different departments. Sameer was a Sales Executive and Shalini was in the accounts department. They smiled at each other after it was decided that Sameer will be helping Shalini get home.
Shalini called Sameer on his line and asked if he was ready to leave. They both agreed to meet in the parking lot in 10 mins. Sameer was the first to reach and as he got out of the lift, he realised that it had started to drizzle. He had just one raincoat with him. He notices Shalini walk towards him.
Shalini: "This has got to be the worst day. First the stupid union and now this rain"
she looks towards Sameer and waits for his response.
Sameer: "I swear, This has got to be the most fuc.."
he stops.
As Shalini was his senior and had worked for the company for over a decade he wanted to choose his words wisely. He smiles awkwardly and speaks.
Sameer: "Aeeee yes Ma'am indeed a very strange day".
They both waited for the rain to stop but it didn't. Shalini had to join an important zoom call with the corporate team in another hour. She had planned to do this from home enjoying her bottle of Chardonnay hence was not in the mood to go back to the office and attend this long call.
Shalini: "Sameer can you please think of a solution. I need to be home soon as I am expected to join a meeting with the corporate head and credit control".
She was looking for an immediate solution.
Sameer: " Why don't you use my raincoat, and I am ok getting a little wet because of the drizzling".
Shalini wouldn't have acted so selfish on normal days but as it was very urgent, she agreed to it. She wore his raincoat and they drove on his bike.
After crossing the first highway they heard a loud thunder and the rainfall got heavier. The sound of the thunder caused Shalini to hold Sameer by his arms. The raincoat wasn't helping her enough. The second thunder was louder, and she hugged Sameer from behind pressing her body against him. She felt Sameer shiver realising that he was without a raincoat. She asked Sameer to stop the bike aside. Sameer did so and they ran under a tree
Shalini: "Sameer dear we should stop here for some time as i don't want you to fall sick"
Sameer: " I am ok, We can continue the rain is only getting heavier and you also have that meeting to join"
Shalini who was listening to Sameer speak was also looking at his body. The rain had caused his shirt to stick against his body. Sameer was an athletic guy, and she could see that.
Shalini agreed to it and they walk towards the bike.
Shalini sat closer behind Sameer this time. She wrapped her arms around him just under his chest. Her right palm was feeling his toned stomach. Her chest was pressed against his back, and she rested her head over his shoulder. She used her left hand to unzip the raincoat until her belly button and pressed herself against his back. She moved her left-hand front and placed it over his chest. She felt his nipple over her palm and felt a sensation between her legs.
Sameer who sat front knew what exactly was going on. Her erect nipples were pressing against his back and her crotch was grinding on his ass. He found it difficult to concentrate as he felt Shalini's hands move over his chest and stomach. The cold rainwater had already caused a semi erection in his trouser and now Shalini's action helped him reach his full length.
Sameer stopped his bike just outside her building and called out to Shalini. Shalini was lost in her thoughts not realising that they had reached outside her building. It was still raining.
Shalini: "Sameer thanks for the help but I insist that you don't drive further and wait for the rain to stop. You can wait in my apartment".
Sameer: "Ma'am that's very thoughtful but I would not want to cause any disturbance. Moreover, I am not sure if your husband would like it"
Shalini: "Stop calling me Ma'am firstly and I am not married yet. So, my permission is all you need".
Sameer: "Sure Ma'am.... Sorry Shalini I will park the bike and meet you in the lobby".
They both took the lift and reached the 10th floor. They entered her apartment. She asked Sameer to follow her towards the bathroom as to avoid getting the floor wet as much as possible. They both had a short sprint towards the bathroom and they both entered it laughing and giggling.
Shalini wanted him to wait the night. Sameer to was expecting something wild to happen. They both dried themselves and Shalini exited the bathroom and brought Sameer a pair of clean boxers and a wife beater. She said that it was meant to be kept for her Ex-Boyfriend as spare, but he never used it.
Sameer thanked her and changed into the boxer and the vest. He opened the door without a second thought and caught Shalini naked waist down, Her ass facing towards him he got a great look at it. He shut the door immediately and apologised loud enough for the neighbours to hear. She asked him to come out and said that it was just an accident. When Sameer came out, she dropped her eyes directly towards his crotch. She noticed the bulge and saw the nipples pop over the vest. His body being more athletic caused the clothing to kiss against his body.
Sameer sat on a chair while Shalini sat on the sofa and had joined the meeting over her laptop. 10 mins into the meeting she muted her laptop and asked Sameer if he would like to enjoy some wine. Sameer agreed and she filled two glasses of red and brought it to the seating area. She handed Sameer a glass. After returning to the sofa, she called out to Sameer and patted the empty space besides her. Her intention was to get him into her bed. Sameer hesitated which she noticed and spoke.
Shalini: "Do not worry the cam is off and the microphone is muted".
Sameer walked towards the sofa, The boxer giving out the impression of his cock and sat beside her.
After 2 glasses Shalini was more comfortable around Sameer. Sameer too had gotten used to the ambience and Shalini.
When Sameer returned with some cheese. Shalini said to him.
Shalini: "I know we've only met today and that I dragged you into this situation of helping me, but I want to thank you".
Sameer interrupted: " It was not a lot of trouble Shalini i just........"
Shalini didn't let him finish and spoke
Shalini: "Sameer, I want you to fuck me...."
Sameer was not sure if he heard it right what Shalini had said and let out a curious "What"
Shalini: "Yes fuck me, Use me, Sameer. Fuck me while the call is on".
She stretched her leg and pressed her left feet on his crotch. Her second leg joined his crotch and they both pressed against his penis. She felt the length of it penis sandwiched between her feet.
Sameer kept the glass of wine aside. Caught hold of her legs and pulled her towards him. The pull was so strong that she got pulled into his arms and. She was now sitting on his lap with her legs spread on each side of his body. Their crotch meeting in between.
The sudden jerk caused the wine to spill over her chest. Sameer licked the wine off her skin and cupped her ass with each palms pulling her closer. They both positioned in front of the laptop after getting undressed and Shalini started riding over Sameers penis. His hands were groping her breasts from behind and fondling it.
His dick was filling her deep and she started talking dirty to him.
Shalini: "Sameer I love what you are doing to me right now, and I don't mind you doing this to me on a daily basis. I've always been fascinated about the idea of having sex in the office but wasn't daring enough to approach anyone. So tomorrow you find your way in my cabin and fuck me on my desk just like this".
The words got Sameer more excited, and he pushed his dick deeper into her.
They fucked twice after the meeting was over. Once in her bedroom and the second one was in her balcony. They had oral sex in the shower just before bed that night.
Sameer woke up the next morning with his dick in Salini's mouth and her lips wrapped around his penis.