As Ted was waking up the next morning, he turned over on his side and felt the soft thud of his dick hitting the mattress.
Just beginning to break the hold of sleep and still in a horny haze over his days of fantasizing, he reached down and grabbed his cock. Hard, but more like 75% of a full erection, Ted loved when his dick felt this way in the morning. Long and aroused, but still malleable and able to flop up and down on to the mattress as he played with it. He began stroking it slowly with a long inhale before a soft moan.
As he moved his hand up and down he whispered to himself "god damn I haven't been this horny in so long."
Never intending to bring himself to climax, he let go of his erection, slipped the blanket off, and got out of bed. Naked, as he always slept, Ted grabbed his gym shorts from the desk chair near his bed and slipped them on.
It was 9:47am on Saturday June 1.
As he made his way down the hall to the bathroom, Ted's erection quickly subsided, allowing him to use the toilet without any delay waiting for it to come down. After he finished, he took note in the mirror of the progress he'd made recently at the gym.
He still wasn't where he wanted to be, but his shoulders and chest were developing nicely, and his abs were slowly coming into view. Too slowly in his mind. Still, Ted had a newfound confidence after working out diligently for the last few months. No longer the scrawny 6'2 155 lb. string bean he had been, Ted had now filled out his tall and slender frame and gotten his weight up to 172. He felt lucky in a way, though, since most of his friends at his age of 32 were trying to lose weight, rather than gain it.
As Ted walked down the hall in nothing but his shorts, he moved into the kitchen and grabbed his water bottle from the counter. Bringing it his mouth to take a sip, he looked out the window and saw movers across the way. This time they were bringing furniture in.
Someone was moving in! "Of course! The first of month and a Saturday! Moving day!" Ted said.
Immediately Ted put the water bottle back down on to the counter and watched intently trying to get a look past the movers to see who the new tenant, or tenants, would be. Realizing that he was staring, he drank from the water bottle again as he watched so as to appear a bit more inconspicuous.
Finally realizing he had things to do today, Ted went about making his breakfast and getting dressed while slipping in peeks across the alley to see if he could figure out who his new neighbor would be.
He could only see the moving men, though.
When he came back later that evening just as the sun was setting after a day throwing the frisbee at the park and grilling at his friend's place, Ted came home and went straight for the shower.
As he was finishing up in the bathroom, he pulled his shorts on and stepped out into the hall to head to his bedroom.
Then he saw her.
In the lit-up apartment across the alley, Ted could see furniture out of place amid the stacks of boxes and general chaos of moving in to a new place. But moving about between the boxes, was a slim young lady with long hair as black as midnight.
As best as Ted could tell, she was around his age, but likely a few years younger.
In the early summer heat, moving the entirety of her possessions into and around a new apartment, she was dressed for cool comfort. She wore very short white athletic shorts that showed off two incredibly long and slender, yet strong, legs. As Ted's eyes moved up, he took in a glimpse of her flat belly just showing beneath the hem of her light purple tank top and the waistband of the shorts.
It was then that Ted's eyes lit up and his jaw went slack.
Above those two lightly tanned legs and that perfect belly were two round breasts that seemed to blur out everything else around them in Ted's field of vision once he caught sight of them. Although he could see the pink straps of a bra beneath the purple tank top, Ted couldn't believe how well her breasts sat up on her chest for their size. He guessed that she was easily a C cup, but more likely D, which made the disposition of her tits all the more impressive.
Standing in the hall just outside of his bedroom, Ted's trance broke momentarily. He looked down and noticed that his gym shorts with no underwear were no much for his growing erection. He has been so caught up in staring at his apparent new neighbor that he hadn't even felt it growing in his shorts.
Such was Ted's state of mind over the past week.
He was utterly distracted by thoughts of all his imaginary new neighbors running through his mind in all shapes and sizes, except for the size of the body part that mattered most to him, that when he saw a living, breathing embodiment of his fantasy now going about her business where The Guy lived not one week ago, his brain short-circuited for a short while.
When he looked back up she was looking right at him.
Ted, standing in the otherwise dark hall, was right outside his bedroom with the bedside lamp on. He was in full view of her, as he instantly thought when he locked eyes with her.
She gave a friendly smile and a quick wave, which Ted awkwardly returned at about 500 times her speed as a result of feeling his adrenaline pumping from head to toe. After another excruciating second of eye contact which she broke, he jumped into his room, bringing his shirtless body and barely hidden erection out of her view.
"Holy Shit!" Ted said. "Did she look down just after we made eye contact? Did she see this huge fucking hard-on that I have?" Ted couldn't believe this was how his first contact with her had gone down.
"How long was she even looking at me while I stared down at my own dick before I noticed her looking? Was she looking at it too?!"
Ted caught his breath and groaned loudly, shaking his head. He then shook off the embarrassment enough to bring himself back out in the open and go into the kitchen where he had planned on making dinner after his shower. Although he normally wouldn't any other day, this time he put on a shirt as well as his boxer briefs under his shorts.
About 10 minutes had passed when he walked back out into the hall to go to the kitchen. He quickly turned his eyes toward the window and didn't see his neighbor. He was relieved.
Ted got to work in the kitchen making his spicy garlic chicken breasts, one of his favorite meals to cook. The stovetop, spice cabinet, and refrigerator that he went back and forth in between while he cooked all faced out into the kitchen and living room, leaving him with his back turned to the window almost the entire time.
As he was finishing up, he put a couple of bowls and utensils he had used while preparing the food into the sink to clean up after he ate. Just as he turned, he saw his neighbor walking across her living room to rummage through another box.
Not wanting to be noticed at all after his inadvertent show in the hall earlier, he kept his eyes locked on the sink in front of him and didn't look up until her movement back across the room caught his eye again and he could be reasonably sure she wouldn't catch him looking.
Ted watched as she moved towards the hall with her back toward him, but as she moved through the lit room and into the dark hallway, he couldn't help but notice that the bright pink bra straps were no longer showing from under her tank top.
Feeling a certain curiosity he was very familiar with from his days peeping in his old apartment, and more stirring below the waistline of his shorts, he snapped himself out of it and sat down to eat his dinner.
He turned to face the tv after flipping on a college basketball game to loosely follow as he ate. The tv was situated on the wall just inside the window which had him turned in its direction, but the window, and everything visible through it, was only seen through his peripheral vision.
As he ate and watched the game, he saw intermittent movement in his new neighbor's apartment, but he refused to look. He had to keep himself under control since he didn't want to creep this gorgeous girl out within the first few hours of living in such close and visible proximity to each other.
When he was done, he walked around to the other side of the island in his kitchen and began cleaning up the things in the sink. Facing the window again now, he could see that she was there in her living room but he kept himself from looking up directly at her.
He went about his business and she didn't move much, so he finally looked up. She was looking at him again. He froze, but managed a slight smile so as to not look completely like a deer in headlights.
She smiled back then pointed at him while she grabbed the front of her shirt with her other hand. She tugged on it a couple times and then raised her palms in a quizzical manner.
A similarly quizzical look came across Ted's face. "What the hell is that supposed to mean?" he whispered in confusion.
She repeated what she had done again, this time with more demonstrative motions and a sly smirk at the end.
"...Is she asking why I put a shirt on?" Ted wondered.
He knew that when she saw him earlier, he was fresh out of the shower and shirtless, but what was she getting at? The smirk gave Ted the answer he needed.
As he laughed and shrugged his shoulders back at her in response, he pinched the shoulder of his shirt and motioned downward over his shoulder with it, imitating the removal of a bra strap and mimicking her mimed question to him, and raised his palms back at her with a big flirtatious smile.
She laughed and mouthed a big exaggerated "WOW" back at him then gave a similarly flirty shoulder shrug. Their eyes were locked on each other's the entire time.
She then turned back toward her boxes and went back to work, but not before looking back over at Ted one more time with a smile.
He had to move very strategically out of view toward the couch which was off to the side of the window backed up against the wall opposite the tv. On the couch, she could not see him. He needed to do this so that she once again couldn't see the fully rock-hard cock in his pants. Even with underwear this time, it was readily apparent in his shorts.
After the game was over, Ted walked through the living room and towards the hall making himself visible to his new neighbor, if she happened to be looking, for the first time in well over two hours. He didn't look in her direction.
He made his way to his room where he decided that there was no way his night was ending without releasing that load he had provoked earlier that morning. All of his fantasizing over the last week seemed to have been given life with this girl moving in. He wondered if this was just a dream and he'd wake up to find The Guy sitting by the window looking at him instead of his new raven-haired flirt of a neighbor.
Ted left his room and walked down the hall to the bathroom for his bottle of lube. When he came back out he saw the light near the front door across the way was on and shining brightly into the hall. He knew from the clear view he's always had into this apartment that this was the bathroom light and the door was open.
He saw a shadow move against the wall of the hallway opposite the bathroom and grow larger as she apparently moved toward the bathroom door.
The light went out and the shadow was gone. Only a dark hallway remained, dimly lit by the light at the end closest to Ted in her living room. He moved slowly down his own dark hall, but this time the bedroom light that gave her such a clear view of him earlier that night was off. Only the light over the stove in the kitchen was on, and it wouldn't provide any light to the hallway.
Just then he made out the slender figure of a woman moving toward the living room across the way. As she gradually came into the dim light, Ted could see she had a cream-colored towel wrapped around her just below the shoulders and only reaching down about half way on her long thighs with a further bit of slack taken up by the large breasts it hung over. Her black hair was still wet and draped over her bare left shoulder.
Ted took a very slow step backwards in the hall to move inconspicuously into the darker shadows of his hall and watched.
She seemed to glance in the direction of his window but his apartment was dark at this point and he was sure he'd be hard to see if she didn't look hard. She moved into her own kitchen and went to the fridge for drink. As she moved back across the kitchen toward the hall, she glanced again in Ted's direction, but he was sure she didn't look directly at him and hadn't seen him in the dark hallway.
She moved down the hall toward her own bedroom and in the faint light Ted could see the towel slip off of her body just before making the left turn into her bedroom.
His heart skipped a beat and he was quickly realizing that he wouldn't need to put any effort into readying his dick for its bedtime session. This time he felt it growing and it was growing quickly. Before he had headed to the bathroom for his lube, he had taken off his shirt and was only in shorts again, just like when she saw him earlier.
If it were up to Ted, he'd still be in the habit of walking around naked like he did in his old place, especially with the strong and fit body he'd worked so hard on crafting recently. His habit of wearing shorts only came about because of the perpetual presence of The Guy across the way.
As he took a step toward his room, she re-appeared. The towel was back on her body but Ted could see that she was just holding it up by pinching it against her body with her arms. She was standing in the hall now lit by her bedroom light in a mirror image of the view she'd had of Ted earlier that evening.
On top of that, she was looking directly at him.
"Shit!" Ted thought. "I guess I'm not as invisible as I thought I was."
Ted's heart raced as she stared through her window, across the alley, through his window, and, as he felt it, straight through his soul.
She was expressionless.
"Fuck me," Ted said to himself dejectedly, "now she already thinks I'm the creep that I was trying not to be but made myself into before she even spent one night in her new place."
As he stared back at her, her face remained carved out of stone, but she lifted up her right hand, still pinching the towel to her body with the upper-arm, and pointed into her bedroom while still staring right at him.
"This chick and her sign language. What is this now?" Ted said.
Officially giving himself up from the shadows and caught red-handed with nothing left to hide, Ted gestured back with raised palms asking "what do you mean?"
Again she pointed into her room but toward the ceiling this time, turning her head to look up at whatever her target was, then looking back at him.
"Is she pointing at the light?" Ted couldn't see the light itself from his apartment, but didn't know what else she could mean.
He then walked into his room and turned on his bedside lamp at the middle brightness level, walked back into the hall, pointed back at the light and gestured as if to ask if that's what she wanted.
She stared back at him and slowly nodded. Just as she did, she picked up both of her arms just enough to drop the towel from under them.
Her facial expression changed from a stern look of disapproval to a demonic smirk similar to the one she had given Ted earlier that night when he was in the kitchen.
Ted was struck dumb. His jaw went slack again and he felt like it opened so wide it hit the floor.
She was there in the hallway illuminated by her bedroom light completely naked for Ted to see. Ted quickly discovered that the pink bra holding up her large breasts earlier that day was only a formality and they needed no such support. He could barely understand how they hung as they did, with very little hang at all!
As he moved his eyes down from her devilish smirk, he was entranced by her chest. Her large round tits swayed ever so slightly as she turned towards the light. Her slightly tanned skin showed faint, but visible, tan lines over the middle of both breasts. The tan lines revealed her true, slightly pale skin tone and ran just alongside her somewhat large and slightly puffy pale pink areolas which sat around perfectly proportioned nipples about the size of a pencil eraser.
This girl was straight out of Ted's weeklong new neighbor fantasy and he couldn't have dreamed that it would go like this in real life.
As his eyes scanned lower down her body, it took some effort to look away from her flawless chest, Ted saw her put her hands at her hips.
He took another moment to take in her shaved pubic area where he pussy itself was just out of view in the shadows, tucked away just out of sight. Her long slender legs were enough to stop his breathing momentarily.
She was the ultimate jackpot and Ted was the lucky lottery winner.
He moved his eyes slowly up her body again, taking a good moment to further appreciate her breasts, until he again made eye contact with her.
Eyebrows raised on a face wearing a textbook "are you serious?" expression accentuated by the hands still on her hips, she looked right back at Ted and clearly mouthed to him: "well?"
"Well what?" Ted said in response as he shrugged his shoulders. Immediately after, he realized exactly what she meant.
Ted smirked back at her and then looked down. Once again, his gym shorts provided only the minimal coverage necessary, if that.
Ted's seven-inch cock looked like a steel beam and felt a mile long. To him anyway.
He looked back up at her, still smirking back at her unsatisfied raised eyebrows, took a step into his room to turn up the lamp to its highest brightness and stepped back into the hall. Eyes locked on hers, he slowly pulled his shorts down. Straining over the significant size of his shaft, pushing it downward, Ted gave a final push until his rock-hard penis sprung back up uncovered and ready for her viewing pleasure.
Just as he had done to her, she slowly lowered her eyes, taking in every detail of his body. She moved from side to side admiring his newly sculpted shoulders and biceps, to his chest, down each section of his newly acquired six pack abs until she locked her eyes on his pulsating penis. She focused her gaze there for some time, just as Ted had admired her incredible tits.
To give her the total experience, he turned to the side, giving her a full view of his length as he pulled it up by the head closer to his body, raising up past his belly button against his stomach. His closely trimmed pubic hair gave it an even larger appearance.
She was now looking back into his eyes and smirking again. As she stood there, she moved her hands slowly down her body from her shoulders to her breasts where she gently placed them into her hands and slowly pushed them together.
Ted's cock visibly bounced involuntarily at the sight. Ted's old girlfriend years ago had 34DD's that could swallow his big dick whole when he put it in between them and the sight of his neighbor's tits pushed together brought back incredible memories of squirting his cum all over them while pushed together just like that.
The involuntary jerk of his dick brought a small stream of precum bubbling to the surface where it began to slowly dribble out. His neighbor was too far away to see it herself, but as it came out Ted caught it just below the head of his dick with his finger, brought it to his mouth, and slowly licked it off staring deep into her eyes the entire time.
She threw back her head in ecstasy with a playfully frustrated look on her face. She wanted to taste it herself.
Instead she moved her right hand down her breast, softly circling her nipple along the way before moving her middle finger further downward straight to the center of her still-hidden pussy lips. She made a small circular motion with the tip buried just inside the lips, raised her hand back up, circling her right nipple once again to leave a delectable wetness behind, and finally licked the remainder clean off her finger tip.
Ted's cock was practically bouncing with each beat of his heart by now. Never one to leak precum in large supplies, he was oozing. He used his right hand to catch the natural lube, placed it on the head of his steel shaft and rubbed it in a circle two times, just as he liked to do when he began stroking his cock. With a precum slicked hand and head, he slowly moved his hand down his shaft and back up again.
He stared so deeply into her eyes through the entire process that he felt the tension might knock her over.
She stared straight back.
Gently moving her hands under her breasts again, she began to raise them up and pushed them together. Still staring at Ted, she leaned her head forward and touched both nipples with the tip of her tongue. Seconds later she had the right nipple in her mouth, licking off the juices she had left there for just this moment.
Next came the left. She circled the nipple with her tongue before sucking it into her mouth in pure pleasured bliss.
Ted exhaled loudly in disbelief. More memories came flooding back as he recalled how much he loved watching his ex lick her tits clean of his big loads of cum after fucking his dick with them. There was nothing related to big tits that Ted couldn't get off on, and spraying them full of his cum to have it licked off was his favorite thing of all.
He kept stroking.
She moved her hands down from her tits to her hips at which point she threw her head back and her hair, now mostly dry, flew back in long flowing strands.
She pushed her hips forward giving him a better view as she moved her right hand towards to slit. Her middle and ring fingers then continued to move downward. When they stopped, a pained expression came across her face, but Ted knew all too well that it wasn't pain she was feeling.
He watched as she moved her two fingers in and out and then brought them up slightly and began a swirling, circling motion over her clit.
She alternated between biting her lower lip and then opening her mouth letting out the soft moans that Ted could only imagine since he was not close enough to hear.
As Ted made an effort to reciprocate, he grabbed the lube from his bedside table and squirted some into his had to mix with the precum. He began stroking with more of a purpose, but still taking it slowly. She watched through her euphoria as Ted took her cues to join her in this impromptu show they were choreographing for one another.
Her hands fingers kept circling, applying more and more pressure while gradually speeding up. Ted could see her magnificently long and toned thighs beginning to shudder and twitch as she lost herself to the whims of her fingers bringing her clit to mind-bending climax.
As Ted watched and stroked his shaft faster and harder, he could see her hips begin to buck as her face tightened. He wished more than anything that he could hear her moans and cries of pleasure, but he'd have to use his imagination.
As her orgasm washed over her, she gripped her left breast tightly with her left hand, circling the perfect pale nipple with one finger.
Finally she began to come down and took her right hand from her gushing slit, touched both nipples, leaving behind wet streaks of her cum that glistened enough in the light for Ted to see from some 40 feet away. She then licked her fingers clean before once again doing the same to her nipples, all while she stared straight into Ted's eyes.
As Ted had held off his own orgasm for after hers so that she could regain enough composure to witness it, he laughed quietly to himself thinking that it was almost as if she knew that licking her tits clean like that was just the finishing touch he wanted when he was ready to shoot his cum.
Not letting the opportunity pass, he tightened his grip slightly and made sure to hit the sensitive area just below the head of his throbbing dick.
As she looked across at him moving her mouth from the left breast to the right, Ted felt his balls tighten and he gasped. He found a steady pace and hit the point of no return. He leaned back slightly against the door frame on the far side of the bedroom door to use the lighting and the slight profile view to give her the best show he could.
As his orgasm hit, the first shot of his creamy white cum squirted out of his cock and hit the wall of the hallway on the other side.
Ted slightly lifted his penis up and changed the angle so that his next squirt would have some hang time in the air. As always, his second, third, and fourth shots of jizz were the biggest and all flew through the air in the well-lit entry way of his bedroom and landed on the wall side by side four or five feet away from him.
He stroked and stroked, still feeling the sensitive head of his cock giving him orgasmic jolts as his big cum-slinging cock painted the wall of the hallway with thick strands of slime.
In his head he imagined his neighbor's D cup tits pressed together across the hall from him and he continued to shoot streams of hot jizz aiming for the perfect pepperoni-sized bullseyes on both.
By the time he had slowed down and finished stroking, he had shot off at least six or eight ropes of cum and knew it would be enough to cover even her sizeable tits. If only she were actually here for him to cover them.
He stood against the door of his bedroom out breath as the watery final remnants of his nuts leaked and oozed out of the end of his shaft on to the floor.
When he looked back across the way she too was leaning against her bedroom doorway twirling her jet black hair around her right index finger. Once they made eye contact, she let go of her hair, smiled, and licked her finger from the knuckle all the way to the tip. She put the entire finger into her mouth and popped it back out, licked clean.
She gave him her devilish smirk and a cute wave then walked into her room and turned out the light.