I've always been a keen amateur photographer and, needless to say, I've got an inbuilt genetic appreciation of the female form that I cannot control -- hey I'm just an ordinary horny guy.
Come to think of it, that's the reason I'm in demand as an amateur erotic photographer.
You see, I truly appreciate the beauty of EVERY female form I'm privileged to photograph. I genuinely see each woman that stands in front of my lens as an exotic and uniquely erotic being. I appreciate them, blemishes and all, for therein lays the uniqueness of every woman.
My loving wife got me started. She indulged my early photographic fantasies. Reluctantly at first; her being conservative in nature and carrying hang-ups about her post child-birth body. But she became more and more enthused by it all as she realised the effect photographing her body had on me.
One day, she agreed to let me post a few 'anonymous' photographs of her body to the web.
Big step!
Compliments flowed from an appreciative and unknown audience.
She realised the effect her body had on others. Their responses built her up, added to her confidence and self-esteem -- it wasn't all just hubby talk.
She now new that she was desirable!
The seeds were sown.
All this helped her overcome her natural reserve and made her realise she truly is an extremely desirable, sexual creature. She was freed from the shackles of externally induced inhibition.
She revels in her new found freedom and self belief. I'm happy to say that as a result, my wife has grown immeasurably and believes totally in herself.
Her body is hers now - to expose or hide as she wishes, in the full knowledge that it is a thing of desire to most men.
It's not about big boobs, little boobs, perfect legs or complexion -- being you is more than good enough and will be appreciated by men.
She recommended my photographic services to a few close lady friends that she felt could benefit from the reassurance and confidence boost too.
From there it blossomed into something of a second career as the ladies I photographed referred their friends to me.
Few, if any of the women that pose for my photographs are bold, uninhibited exhibitionists. Most are shy and inhibited girl-next-door types.
They approach a shoot of this type with trepidation and the type of hang-up's that haunt us all.
They're introduced to the idea by friends that I've previously photographed. These friends stress that they found their experience to be liberating, stimulating and confidence boosting. They recommend the erotic shoot in acknowledgement that it is a truly liberating experience.
New girls approach my erotic shoots with anything but confidence.
They doubt their own looks and sex appeal. They worry about blemishes they carry. They worry that having photographed so many beautiful women, I might be ranking and comparing them -- and they somehow always believe they will fall short.
In order to take truly erotic photographs I'm adamant that you have to tap the erotic in your own imagination.
In my mind I force myself to objectify the woman I photograph, seeking the assets in her that appeal to and arouse me -- there's always something.
I mentally ravage her; imagining how I'd use her body, if given the chance. I blatantly lust after her in a self-serving, lustful and totally selfish way. I think only of my own sexual gratification -- her; purely the vessel of my satisfaction...
...And I try to create photographs that encapsulate this lust.
With all of this going on in my mind, I get aroused.
I'm not afraid to let the ladies I work with 'see' my appreciation. It is a large part (no pun intended) of the confidence building process.
As a shoot progresses, I get visibly aroused - my erection plainly visible in my trousers, a damp patch of pre-cum spreads; my hands tremble, my breath shortens -- I don't hide it, I don't suffer any pangs of guilt, I don't try to hide behind a professional façade.
Instead, I let the lady know it's all due to her -- It's the effect she and her body are having on me.
This is when the magic starts.
The lady begins her awakening. She starts to see herself as the truly lust worthy, sexual goddess of passion that she is.
Commonly, after the initial embarrassment at my arousal has died down, she follows my lead and starts relaxing; accepting her own sexuality. After all, the person that recommended me undoubtedly spoke of this aspect of my erotic shoot.
Her confidence builds as she recognises and begins to accept the implicit compliment of my obvious arousal.
She realises that she IS as desirable as that friend who recommended me, after all the friend spoke of getting this reaction.
As she relaxes she begins to suggest poses. She offers herself up in way's she thought she never would.
She blossoms.
Her confidence builds.
And I continue to show full appreciation.
She leads the shoot...
She feeds off of my interest...
She sees herself as desirable...
She emerges from the constraining wraps of her marriage, upbringing, religious conditioning...
She sees herself as the beautiful, erotic, stimulating creature that she is...
...wanted, needed, desirable.
Her metamorphosis is complete and the real woman emerges.
I am just the lucky man who had the chance to watch this transformation.