Sir's instructions were clear. No panties, no bra, his favorite little black dress, stockings with garter belt, heels. He was to have full access at all times tonight. He chose a table outside on the terrace of the private club. High above the city. We sat overlooking the city sipping our drinks. The wind was picking up, but it was such a beautiful night and we were enjoying the cool breeze on this warm early fall night.
"Come here Princess."
I get up and walk around the table to stand front of him. It was at that moment that the wind picks up my dress. There I am standing in front of Sir. My naked body on display for anyone around to see.
Sir reaches up and strokes my pussy, finding it so wet and needy. I love to be shown off like this and Sir knows this. He knew that I would be wet for him and just waiting to be used tonight.
"Open my pants and take out my cock."
"Yes Sir." I say grinning.
I bend over at the waist and open his pants. My ass exposed for all to see.
"Suck my cock baby girl." He says as he guides me down.
I bend over at the waist and take him into my mouth. He's so yummy. I swear I will never get enough of his taste. As he guides me up and down his cock, I breathe deeply through my nose. His fists my hair giving me that savored tingle at my scalp. I suck him over and over, drawing him deep with each downward course. Working him to the point of throbbing.
I know he's close now, I can feel it on my tongue. He is turned on by the audience that has gathered around us.
"God Princess, that is so good. You are such a good girl." He groans in pleasure the deeper I take him.
He is so vocal with me and I love it. With the wind whipping around us, my nipples are fully erect. He continues to fuck up into my mouth as I meet each thrust. He is coming up off the chair in his quest for his orgasm. I'm so turned on that I am dripping with my arousal too. He holds my head still now and fucks up into my mouth at a faster pace. In this position, all I can do now is try and hold my balance. He has claimed me. He is lost to his lust and so am I. Completely consumed in him.
Sir shoves deep and holds me there as he unloads his cum into the back of my throat. I quickly swallow, careful not to waste a drop. I love the flavor of Sir's cum. I truly cannot get enough of it. As he finishes his release, he lets go of my head guiding me back up. I lick my lips greedily and smile down at Sir. I tuck him back into his pants and stand straight waiting for his next instruction.
As I stand there in front of Sir, my little black dress blows around me, I am so turned on. My own arousal is filling the air around me. I am still breathing heavily from Sir fucking my mouth so beautifully. My own juices are slowly seeping out of me. Sir taps my legs and I spread them for his inspection of me, placing my arms in a locked position behind my back. Sir is so sexy when he commands me like this. He wears his authority in the best way. His confidence and authority are unmatched.
There is no arrogance to distract from his allure to me. To anyone outside of this club, Sir might be considered just your normal guy next door. However, when I stand like this in front of him, there is no mistaking how sexy he is. There is nothing that I wouldn't do for him and yet I know with every fiber of my being that Sir would never ask me to do something that I would not enjoy completely. It's just not who he is. It's not who we are. His ownership is on display and although we don't typically get caught up in protocols and rituals, I will not embarrass my Sir.
"You are so beautiful my Princess." Sir says as he smiles up at me.
"Thank you, Sir." I smile back down.
Sir stands and pushes his chair back. He examines my body while fully circling me. The wind is still blowing and he is able to run his hands across my body without much difficulty. Sir does not like me lowering my eyes with him, so I hold his gaze and smile with all the love I can show in them.
"You are such a good girl Princess."
"Thank you, Sir."
"You notice that we have an audience now, don't you baby girl."
"Yes, Sir."
"Does that bother you Princess?"
"No, Sir. I am here to serve you. I am yours to do with as you wish."
"Yes, you are mine. You are exactly right." He says as he kneels down and immediately takes my clit into his mouth.
I gasp at the sudden suction on my already hard clit and wet pussy. Sir begins to devour me without a care for anyone around us and I am trying to hold my position for him. I know that I am not meant to move. However, the tension building low in my core has me needing to bend over. Standing still is becoming more and more difficult. Sir has already managed to draw out my clit from its little hiding place. I will never figure out how he is able to do that so easily. I am starting to lose my mind. I am going to beg soon, I know it. My nipples are hard peaks from the cool air. I have goosebumps all over and yet I feel like my body is on fire. That familiar tingle is traveling up my leg.
Pork chops, that's it... Think about pork chops... Dessert, what do I want for dessert...? Nope that's not good. I want to cum. I know, did I run the dishwasher earlier... Nope it's not working I need to cum. It's killing me to hold off...
"Sir, please... please may I cum?" I plead with him...
"No, you may not baby girl, not until I say you can." Sir lifts his head and grins up at me.
Bastard. He is enjoying this again. Okay fine, I can do this. Mom, yeah, she is usually a great distraction... eeeewwww, no not the time to think about Mom. Okay, the grocery list, do we need milk... Shit... I'm going to cum, this isn't working...
"God please Sir. I really need to cum. Please just let up a little bit, let me catch my breath... please Sir!!" I beg even louder now.
Sir ignores me and keeps sucking, licking and now adds his fucking awesome fingers into my soaked pussy. I stagger slightly, but recover my position. He's killing me and he knows it. This is a full-on challenge. Who can out last the other? Okay, fine... His mouth is going to be just as sore as my pussy by the time he is done.
Now, I realize that this does not really sound like I am being a very good submissive, but I know Sir. He enjoys our game. Our contest of wills. Right now, he does give a flying fuck who is watching. This isn't about them. It's about us. He wants to play tonight. So fine...
I go back to thinking about anything and everything I can think of to take my mind off of cuming. Just then, Sir slides a finger into my ass and I lose the battle.
"FUCK!!" I call out
"Please Sir, I can't hold it off. Please let me cum Sir!! You win!!" I scream into the night air. I truly don't care who can hear us now.
I feel his chuckle on my pussy. He lifts his mouth off me and I groan in frustration. His fingers hold still in both holes now and I am going to lose my mind.
"Problem, baby girl?"
"Oh my God!! You have got to be kidding me!!"
With that statement, he full out laughs. The next thing I know, Sir pinches down on my clit and finger fucks me hard and fast. I'm panting again in no time and I cry out again. He stands with ease and whispers into my ear...
"Cum for me my sexy Princess."
I cum so hard that I almost pass out. Sir catches me in his arms and holds me tight as my body shakes and convulses. His thumb now circling my clit slowly. Coaxing me through my orgasm.
"That's my beautiful girl" he says gently into my ear.
Sir guides me to his seat, sits down and pulls me into his lap. I snuggle in panting and gasping. Clinging to him.
"Bastard, I love you." My shaking voice says into his neck.
"I know, I love you too my bratty Princess." He chuckles into my hair.
"And for the record, I always win."
All I can do is laugh too.