It was the 1970's.
After my senior year of high school, I knew I was going away in July so I was just laying low.
I was accepted to College under something called the delayed admissions program. In the beginning of my Jr year of high school, I was in the top 2% of my class. By senior year, I was in the bottom 10%. I did like to party.
Any way, this program was for kids the school was on the fence about and gave us an opportunity to prove ourselves. We all had to take 3 courses on campus staying in the dorms and had to get a B or better in all 3 courses to get in for September. One B- and you were out. I went up there pretty serious at first and actually did some studying which I never did. I mean never.
So they recommended I get a little tutoring in my physics class and send me to meet someone over at the Library. I went to the front desk and there she was. I was in love-well, not literally but I didn't know who she was yet but Patty was petite. 4'11". She was perfectly proportioned and had the cutest little rear end. Not a bubble butt but Just nicely round. She had long brown curly hair and was a very natural looking country girl. Never wore makeup.
"Hi can I help you" with a big smile she said.
"Hi, I'm looking for Gail?"
"Oh yea, right there" she said pointing to a girl at a table who started then waiving to me. Yikes she looked like big bird.
I said "Thanks" and started to walk away. Turned and whispered "Oh....what's your name?"
She giggled a little and said "Patty".
"Nice to meet you Patty"
"...and you are?"
"Oh, I'm Jim."
"Well nice to meet you Jim"
I gave a little waive as I walked over to big bird. Gail was overly bubbly if I could describe her.
"Hi, I'm Jim."
After about 15 minutes she said, "Have you ever taken physics before?"
I said no and she said "You seem to know this stuff pretty well."
"It's logical. I get it."
She looked at me curiously.
I said, "Look they wanted me to talk to a tutor because I don't study. I've never studied. In fact I don't think I even know how to study."
Gail looked at me without saying anything and the expression on her face changed and I knew exactly what it was. Oh shit I thought. And I was right.
Gail said, "I'll help you learn how to study." Don't worry about it. It's logical." And she laughed.
I laughed to be polite. "Do you want to go over to the lunch room to grab a soda?" Gail asked with great anticipation.
"I'm sorry, I told my room mate I'd help him get some stuff to decorate our room when I was done here. He's waiting for me."
"Want some help?"
I knew it. What a pain in the ass this was going to be.
I said "No thanks, but I really appreciate the offer. We've both been so busy since we got here we wanted to try to hang out with each other a little bit."
Brian my room mate was a jock and a pot head. The only thing he cared about was football and getting high.
Gail frowned and said "OK, maybe another time?"
"Sure....anytime"
She smiled and I bolted out of there so fast I had to back step to the counter to whisper "bye Patty." Patty giggled again and said "bye Jim".
Chapter 2
I realized quickly there were not many of us, the courses were ridiculously easy, it was still summer and there were some very good looking women on this campus staying in the dorm next to ours. There was this really hot blond I saw walking around with short platinum blond hair who always dressed like a slut. Had to meet her. She was sitting on a wall and I walked over and said "What are you reading."
She said "oh high. Sybil". I said Hi, "I'm Jim." She said "no I'm reading SYBIL. I'm Terry."
Well we talked a long time and I realized she was really a very nice and smart person. Nothing like how she dressed. Later on, one of my closest friends at school, Steve, hooked up with her after I introduced them. Steve was so painfully shy,
I had to tell Terry, "Steve really likes you you know, but I think he's afraid to talk to you."
Terry said "Really, why, he's cute!" She walked over and sat next to him and the rest was history.
So a bunch of people were heading downtown to some bar because there was a really good band playing. I went with Steve and Terry and we sat at one of the long tables inside with our beers and were talking when I saw Patty walk in.
In this light and without her "Librarian" clothes, she was just amazing looking. I don't know what it was about her. So petite, but so country. Always smiling and carried herself like she was 6 ft tall. I hadn't seen her since that day in the library. In fact I went back there a few times looking for her but she was never there. She looked better than I remembered..
She knew a lot of people there and stopped to talk to many guys and girls before settling with friends at the other end of out long table.
I got up, walked over and said " I haven't been able to stop thinking about you since I left the library last week." She looked over her shoulder at first like, uh-oh. Saw who it was and smiled and said "Oh hi!"
I said, "I'd love to talk with you if you feel like it. I'm right down there. Can I get you a beer?"
She said, "OK, but give me a minute, I haven't seen these girls all summer and want to catch up."
Well I sat at the end of the table starring at her the whole time. I drank my beer. I drank her beer and I got up and bought 2 more. I saw her getting another beer at her end of the table and I thought she had either forgotten or was blowing me off. Terry and Steve left. She knew I was starring at her and she would smile and lower her eyes and turn back to her conversation. I didn't want to leave but figured it was a fail.
So I turned to the band while I drank the beer. I felt a hand in my hair and Patty said, "I'm sorry, I couldn't leave them. I guess my friend got dumped and needed support."
I was so happy to see her, I said, "God Patty you are so beautiful, I just wanted to get to know you. Sitting and giggling again she said, "Well, I'm a local girl putting myself through school. This is actually my first night out in quite a while so let's drink!"
"Tequilla?"
"Hell ya" she said
The crowd had thinned quite a bit and I was able to the shots and back to our table right away. We talked for over an hour and after 3 shots she was pretty tipsy.
We hitched a ride back and were picked up by a car with no room. People climbed onto each other to make room for me to sit with Patty on my lap.
When we got near the campus I said "This is good"
The driver said, dude, I'm not stopping jump out!"
He slowed way down and we both half tumbled out of the car but Patty landed on her feet. I did too but after a roll on the ground. We both laughed like crazy.
She said "Common" and started running. I followed.
When we got to the dorms she whispered "I'll be right back." A couple of minutes later she came to the door and waived me in.
We snuck into a room and she said " I asked my friend if I could use her room tonight. I don't have a room over the summer" She pushed me on the bed. Jumped on me and we were dry humping and all over each other in no time.
Then in an instant she stood up, pulled her top off and ripped her jeans off and stood in front of me with matching leopard bra and panties. I'll never forget them.
She looked at me and said, "I'll sleep with you but I won't do it with you." Ripped off her bra and jumped on the bed pulling down the covers.
What an amazingly tight body. Of course she was only 19 but still she was indescribably beautiful. And her nipples had just a little puff to them which made them look edible. I wanted to devour her. I stripped nude and jumped next to her and got under the covers with her. We were all over each other and she pulled off her panties.
I said "That's not fair, how am I supposed to control this." And pointed to my dick. She laughed and said innocently "What?"
I said "Charlie". She laughed hysterically kicking her legs.
Obviously still loaded and said "He has a name?"
"Of course."
She wiggled around and jumped on me with my cock now rubbing against her pussy with no barrier.
She was humping and kissing me wildly and said "you are a very lucky boy", grabbed my cock and guided it into herself.
She was like a rabbit. I came. She frowned.
"Sorry, I can get hard right away."
"I'm going to have to teach you how to hold it."
"What do you mean?"
She pumped my cock with her hand while humping my leg and it didn't take long for me to get hard again.
"I'll show you." She pushed my cock back into herself and started riding me and pounding her clit into my pelvis. Watching her on top of me was so hot. She came.
She kept pumping on me and I knew I was going to cum again and she reached down and grabbed my cock while it was still part way in her and whispered, "Squeeze!"
I immediately squeezed my sphincter as she squeezed my cock. When my orgasm subsided with no cum, she said "with practice, you won't need to squeeze your cock, just your ass.
I don't know who she was and how I got so lucky but I was smitten.
For the rest of the summer we were inseparable. We ate together, slept together and partied together whenever she wasn't working. She took me to a family dinner and I met her folks and 2 bothers. All really nice people.
Chapter 3
A few weeks before the session was done, my cousin called me and said there was going to be a big party back home. It was going to be at the same place where I had some memorable experiences in the past. I asked Patty if she wanted to go and she asked for the time off. I know it's terrible but I asked Big Bird if I could use her Volkswagen Bug to go home and visit my family and she was overjoyed to do me a favor. Later, she would slap me in the face when she found out I took Patty.
We drove to Connecticut and visited friends, I introduced Patty to my folks. We drove to a bar, met Chuck and a bunch of guys. Patty was the only girl. We got pretty loaded and Chuck produced some blotter acid which we all took. Patty had never tripped before. We ended up back at the house of sin and were all bonging, drinking and people were coming in and out with all sorts of drugs. Patty and I were in a groove and although there were a lot of people there, sitting next to each other looking into each others eyes, it was like it was just us two. The acid was cool just not very strong. No hallucinations. Just everything glowed and we were in a very happy place.
As the night wore on, we knew we needed rest before the long drive back. There were a lot of people but only 3 bedrooms. I wanted a comfortable bed to sleep in if I was going to have to drive 8 hours the next day. My initial thought was to share the room...the three of us, as an excuse to get one of the rooms.
A little later, after we all had eaten about 30 pizzas between us, Chuck sat next to me and I said "Chuck we want you to sleep with us tonight. This way we can get one of the rooms."
Chuck looked at me and said "We?"
I said, "Yes, Patty and I talked about it and we want you with us."
"Dude, are you sure? I don't want to get in a bed with you and your girl! She's too hot. I know I'll get a hard on and that would be embarrassing."
"I thought this was a good excuse to get one of the bedrooms. I've got a long drive tomorrow."
"You don't have to ask me twice. Are you sure about this? Is Patty OK with this?" he said.
"Patty is a very cool girl. She is fine with it and I'm going to sleep because the drive is 8 hours tomorrow."
We all just sat there for a while and Patty and Chuck talked a little over me and I could see them both looking each other up and down checking each other out.
Needless to say, after all the booze, running around and coming down from the acid, we were all pretty tiered by around 10. At least I was. We all went into a bedroom, closed the door and before I could blink, Patty stripped off all her clothes and jumped on the bed, crawled up and got under the covers smiling at us both. Chuck and I got undressed and got on either side of Patty.
After a little while, Patty quietly rolled on me and started fucking me. I knew Chuck was likely awake and pretending to be asleep. She fucked me until I was going to cum and she whispered "Cum, don't hold it." I did.
I must have fallen asleep. I remember waking for a minute and everyone was asleep. But that was all I remember.
We all woke at the same time. Chuck and I watched Patty get dressed.
"Man, she is so beautiful."
"Thanks Chuck. Dude, this was a good time. Come and visit."
"I will." Chuck said.
I got dressed, said goodby and we left.
Chapter 4
I passed all my classes and we had 1 week before start of 1st semester. I went home for the few days and grabbed stuff I wanted and went back to school. Patty literally jumped into my arms hugging and kissing me telling me how much she missed me. Two guys across the hall from us were having a huge fight and I agreed to switch with one of them because they could no longer stand each other.
I told Patty, "I moved in with Tim but I'd really like to be staying in your dorm every night."
She said, "I would love that but I'm not sure how the other girls will feel about it. Also, not sure about security."
I said "Ask if you want to and you and I both know security here is a joke. I've never once been asked about what I was doing going into girls dorms all summer."
So Patty walked around asking all the girls on her floor, they all knew me, they all liked me and had no problem with it.
At first, I found living there a little weird because the toilets were all partitioned and so if I was taking a dump, girls would come into the stalls next to me and do their business without even caring or not knowing I was there.
Patty and I would shower together often but as the days and weeks rolled by, it wasn't unusual for some of the girls to come in, strip and get into a shower as if I wasn't there or they would smile, wave and giggle as they passed nude. I almost always had a hard on in the shower.
One night, I wanted to shower and when I went in, there was another girl in a nearby stall. I stripped, jumped in a stall and was enjoying the hot water when she came up behind me and pressed her body against mine under the water. Smiling she said, "Hi"
I turned to face her with my now hard cock pressing against her belly and just stood there with the water pouring over both of us for a while. I wanted to fuck her so bad but didn't want to do that to Patty. "You know I'm with Patty" I said.
"I know. Somehow, I don't think she would mind."
Out of the corner of my eye I realized Patty had seen and heard the whole thing.
Instantly I knew we were going to have an adventure. Patty ripped off her clothes smirking and got in with us. I turned the girl around and stuck my cock in her from behind and Patty reached in to play with her clit and then slid down and was licking my cock and her cunt while I was pounding this girl. The sensation was amazing and this girl started heaving and I could feel her legs give out from under her.
I think the only thing keeping her standing was my dick and Patty's mouth. A few more thrusts and I pulled out to cum and Patty grabbed my cock and squeezed and said, "Not yet"smiling.
She jumped into my arms and reached down between us and stuck my cock in her. With her arms around my neck, Patty, all 98 lbs of her, was riding me like a bucking bronco and when she came, I exploded in her.
---
Our school literally had a national reputation as a pretty big party school. Any drug you could imagine was available. It was the 70's so people were pretty loose and crazy.
I remember one morning going to breakfast and seeing an odd thing. There was a tank parked in the middle of the quad. You could see the tracks through a fence and disappearing into the field near the training base next to us. At breakfast I found out some ROTC kid got loaded and stole a tank and parked it there after driving it around and I guess doing a lot of damage. Needless to say he was gone.
Those days, I was receiving pounds of Mexican pot wrapped in paraffin and plastic on a bi-weekly basis from California, and I would sell everything I had the first night of my deliveries. It was a pretty good business. My buddy out in California asked if I wanted to try some freeze dried mushrooms. Psilocybin was pretty new on the scene at the time and I'm not sure the legal authorities even knew what it was back then. As an organic, it was easy and cheap to transport and being a hallucinogenic, I knew this crowd would have been all over it. So I bought a pound to start.
I can remember trying it for the 1st time one Saturday night when literally another 100 people on campus were also trying it because everyone wanted it.
That night, I don't think I ever laughed so hard. Patty had only tripped on our time in Connecticut but neither of us had done anything like the organics. This was a great first experience. It was so mellow but all light glowed and the world was a more beautiful place. It would be easy to never want reality back after that. The next morning, I remember waking up still a little funny in the head and the sensation of love making with Patty was so beautiful, I could have stayed in her for the rest of my life.
That Sunday morning was bliss. I had made a deal with another guy to use his motorcycle when I wanted and Patty and I went to breakfast at a nearby diner. She wanted to do them again that day.
I was like, "No, Not today. We will. Just give it a few weeks. I don't know long term what this will do to us." Always the practical one.
She frowned.
Chapter 5
A few weeks had passed and I was reading in Patty's room when a girl walked in. I never many of the girls names but always said hi.
"When's Patty back?"
"She should be here any minute." I said. "What's going on."
"We're having a floor party and we want her to come." She paused and added, "You're invited too."
I said, "OK I'll let her know."
When Patty got back, I told her about it and she disappeared down the hall. I didn't think much of it at first but she was gone for quite a while.
When she got back, "We're having a party and all the girls want you to come."
Now being with a room full of women might sound enticing to some but I did NOT want any part of it.
"I'll go stay in my room that night. This Saturday? Have fun sweetie."
"No please you have to come. Even if it's just for a little while. They all want to buy some mushrooms."
That perked me up. "Are you sure they're all cool?"
"Common, we've gotten stoned with all these girls before. They are definitely cool."
"OK fine, I'll stop by for a few minutes and then head down with the guys at my dorm."
Patty giggled, "Thank you so much, you won't regret it."
I didn't think much of it. I was just happy to make the sale.
After dinner, Patty disappeared again which annoyed me. "8 o'clock is when we are meeting" she said.
I said "fine" and went back to my book I was really into.
I saw Patty grab something out of her drawer and disappear again and didn't really think much of it.
A few minutes later, Patty came in and said, "I'm going to help set up for tonight, do you mind heading down to Cindy's at 8?"
"No, I don't mind. How many mushrooms?"
"Including us, there's 8. Are you going to do them with us? Please, Please Please?"
"Patty, I told you I don't want to hang out with a bunch of girls. And I really don't want to trip with a bunch of girls. I want to do it with just you."
"Well, if you hang out, you will be tripping with me."
"Touché. I meant just you and me together."
With a smirk she said, "OK, if you'd rather I did it without you, that's fine."
I was like, "Patty, you know I love you but this would not be fun for me."
"Yes it will. We will be together and you'll have a good time."
"Ok. I'll tell you what. I'll go and get everyone fucked up and if it's a downer for me, I'll go and you can stay. No hard feelings."
She giggled again, "OK"
So we went over at 8 and got the business portion done. All the girls were really funny and in a really fun mood. And most of the girls were actually quite good looking. Everyone ate their mushrooms, including me, and the girls all sat around with their beers, passing joints, which is exactly what I expected. But their focus of conversation was on me which I couldn't escape and in hind sight now understand was them stroking my ego.
As they all sat around slowly getting off on the shrooms, Patty at my side, a few of the girls got up and left the room. In about 5 minutes those 4 girls came back and they had changed into some pretty sexy lingerie.
The second they walked in I realized everything was on display and they all sat down giggling and looking at me. Now, I get hard looking at paint dry and started getting pretty hard.
2 more girls got up and left and Patty kept trying to draw my attention to her engaging me in conversation and touching me.
Then, those 2 girls reappeared in their see through shorty night ware and now I wasn't sure what was going on, on top of being pretty high. by then.
Patty stood and stripped off her top and pants to reveal she was also wearing some sort of sexy underclothes I had never seen before.
"I told you I'd make it worth your while" Patty said smiling pulling my shirt over my head.
"Oh God, I love his hairy chest!" Someone said.
And the next thing I know, Patty said, "Why don't you stand up Jim."
"I'm comfortable. Thanks."
"What's the matter, are you afraid we will all see your hard on?"
Without a beat, "No, I was just afraid I would excite you all too much."
Giggles all around
Now, from my perspective whether they knew it or not, I completely did not mind being stripped in a room full of girls. Not to mention we all got the giggles and I absolutely could not control myself I was laughing so hard from the mushrooms.
"Common Lover Boy, Let's see that beautiful cock of yours" Patty said as she started pulling my pants off as I stood up.
"All the girls were watching and giggling. And when my cock sprung free, there was a collective sigh.
All the girls got quiet and Cindy said, "You can't ever tell our boyfriends about this."
"No, I would never." Like I would invite that wrath I thought?
Patty pushed me over and said, "I'm going to fuck you last."
"Wait, What?"
The next thing I knew, Cindy was dropping her pussy on my mouth as some other girl was taking my cock and putting it into herself. ALL the girls were in such a state, I was feeling like the whole thing was other world. They were all stripping.
Cindy came on my mouth and was replaced by another girl. I really couldn't move. Who would want to. I started building and Patty grabbed my cock "Squeeze" she said, and squeezed hard as the girl impaled on me came. She grunted a few times and rolled off lying next to me.
Anther girl mounted me and I have no idea who it was because of the girl on my face who shuttered "Oh my God, I love fucking your face."
The girl fucking me was so tight it made me start to build again. My balls were aching a bit.
As the girl pounding my mouth was cumming, I remember my mouth actually feeling a little numb. She came violently.
It was a mindless spaced out merry go round with me being the pony ride.
The girl now on my cock was fucking me so fast and her pussy was so tight, I started to cum and it was too late to stop. She sensed it, pulled off of me and I squirted all over.
They all giggled and rubbed it into my chest and stomach and someone said, " This won't do, we have to get him hard again." Meanwhile, my mouth was given a brief break.
Then this one girl who had a very pretty face but was a little chubby with big tits, crawled next to me and lowered her mouth on my cock. With one hand encouraging my member and balls, I can recall the sensation of lips deep around the base of my cock and then her tongue dancing around my head and over again. I was hard again instantly. No rest for the weary.
She then climbed on my cock and I can only remember thinking, well, I guess she deserves it. It actually hurt a little but it was a good kind of pain.
Yet another girl sitting on my face. And said "Suck me baby" and really started pounding my face with a vengeance.
I was on another planet and had no idea how many girls used either my mouth or my cock. Nor did I care. I can remember having a hard time breathing at moments forgetting to lift girls off my face for a breath of air. When I'd get a break, I felt like I had just sprinted gasping air.
Kind of out of it, I came back to earth with Patty saying "My turn."
And she climbing on. Patty lowered herself on my cock and i could see the room for the first time that night with no on my face. Everything and everyone was glowing. All the girls were laying around starring into space with legs spread open touching themselves watching me and Patty.
Patty began rocking on my cock moving her pelvis forward and back so that with each outward motion her pussy pulled my cock like a farmer pulling a cow's teat. She would then roll forward moving her pelvis in the opposite direction slowly taking my cock back in. The feeling was incredible. I became fixated on my cock in her because it felt like it was getting bigger with each pull.
She was fucking me like this for a long time...slowly.
I'm hallucinating believing I am getting bigger and bigger as her moans get louder and louder. She's screaming and changes her rhythm now like a jack rabbit. The sight of her completely unbridled orgasm and her beautiful little body on top of me could only be described as ecstasy. I couldn't cum and just closed my eyes. I could feel my balls pulsing and my cock now felt like a log between my legs. Patty rolls off and collapses on the floor. I look down and I was definitely hallucinating because my cock looked like a cartoon it seemed so big.
I heard Patty say "All yours girls"
And I got mounted again. The blond on me was Cindy who I knew. I couldn't believe this incredibly beautiful woman was fucking me. Her naked body fucking me got me so hot I thought I was cumming but I wasn't. Or maybe I did and nothing came out. My cock and balls were aching and I was going in and out seeing different girls bouncing up and down on me. This overwhelming feeling of physical pleasure in my loins was so constant and heightened from the shrooms, it felt like some light switch had turned on. It was constant. I was delirious.
I woke up the next morning naked in the same place I was the night before, on my back on the floor. My ass was cold and asleep but I remember feeling like I had been hit in the face with a pie. I ran my hand over my face but there was nothing there except some dried kitten juice. Gross now to think about. Looking around, most all the girls were passed out still nude. The room stunk like sex.
My mouth felt like dog shit so I got up, walked to the bathroom and got in the shower.
Didn't care if anyone saw me. Didn't care where Patty was. Didn't care about anything except getting under that water.
The moment that water hit my face and ran down my body, the burning pain in my cock was there. I stepped back from the water and saw my poor Charlie was chaffed to bleeding. The water caused incredible burning pain from probably washing off some of my bodies attempt to start healing overnight. What a mess.
I stuck my face under and washed out my mouth and head. I found a bar of soap so i slowly and carefully got my body clean under the water, despite the pain.
It was early.
I headed down to Patty's room and I remember how much my cock hurt. I actually had to walk a little wide legged to avoid my cock touching my legs from the pain. Some girl who was not at the party stopped short in the hallway when she saw me and gasped as I walked by naked. I ignored her. I collapsed on the bed and fell asleep with a towel between my legs and slept until that night.
My life's path took me in another direction and at the end of the semester, I knew Patty and I would no longer be together. But the times we had and the experiences we shared were magical.