It's that time of year again, our annual Girls weekend trip. Myself and 3 other women have been going on our trips for the last 10 years. We are work friends who are as close as can be. We all get along great and we never ever have a problem. This year we went to a winter resort in Vermont. My name is Joanne I'm 54 years old, Doreen is 53 years old, Janet is 45 years old, and finally there's Alyssa, she's 34 years old. Myself and Doreen are a little overweight but not fat, Janet is average, and Alyssa has the perfect petite little body. We booked a suite since the reason for these trips are to be together. When we got to our cabin suite, we couldn't believe our eyes. It was so quaint and cozy. We had a very big fireplace, a huge hot tub on the deck and 2 massive bedrooms with king sized beds.
We had already stopped on our way for food and liquor so as soon as we all took showers, we got right down to partying. Alyssa brought the pot, and Janet brought the gummy's because we like to do different things each night. We made dinner, drank lots of vodka and were feeling pretty good when Alyssa lit a joint. I said, "do we really need that, I'm already half drunk?"
Alyssa said, "why the hell not, you got somewhere else to be?" I just shrugged my shoulders and took a hit of the joint. We passed it around and 10 minutes later we were all high and drunk.
Out of the clear blue Janet said, "fuck! I get so horny when I'm high, you can say I'm high and dry so to speak." We all started laughing and got the giggles. When we were all able to calm down Janet said, I'm warning you all now, I brought my vibrator and I'm gonna be in the shower for quite a while." That got us all laughing again.
I said, "had I known that was an option, I would have brought my entire toy collection."
Doreen said, "collection? How many do you have?"
"I have like 5, why? do you only have 1?"
Doreen said, no I have 2, a vibrator and a dildo." That was the start of our masturbation confessions. We found out we all had several toys each and agreed that each session was different and needed the correct toy for optimum orgasm. Janet said, "you guys wanna see mine?" We all said yes.
Alyssa said, "ok, full disclosure, I brought my dildo too, I guess this can be show and tell hour, I'll get mine too." Both girls got up and went to their room.
I looked at Doreen and said," hey we're the old ladies, we should be the one's bringing toys on the trip, right? These young girls should be getting enough dick to hold them over the weekend." Doreen agreed with me.
When the girls came back Janet showed us hers. It was one of those rabbit style vibrators. I have one of those, so I know how well they work. When tiny petite little Alyssa showed us hers, we all collectively gasped. It was a very big dildo. She smiled and said " whats the matter?"
I was so high a simply said, "how does that giant cock fit in what I imagine is a small tight pussy." Again we all started laughing and tried to comprehend that thing fitting.
Alyssa said, I don't think its as big as a child that you had come out of yours." She was right, but it still didn't seem possible. Alyssa said, "look" then she stood up, lifted her shirt and put the dildo against her. She put the base near her pussy and the top went part way up her flat little belly. "see plenty of room, not to mention, it feels amazing." From that second on, all I could think about was her fucking herself with that toy and it was making me very, very horny.
I was so high and horny that the next question just popped out, I said, "since we're all sharing everything, I need to know, what position you use that thing in."
She said, " I usually lay on my back, raise my knees and put it in. Sometimes I put it on the wall of the shower and back into it." I was picturing it in my head and it was making me crazy.
Again my mouth was working on it's own and I blurted out," I don't know about you girls but that description just made me horny as hell." I couldn't believe I just said that and I was ready for some bad reactions, but to my amazement, both the other 2 girls said they were too.
I almost fell off the sofa when Doreen, who is probably the most conservative of us all said, "I think Alyssa should prove to us she can handle that thing."
Alyssa, the youngest of us all said, "oh listen to miss prissy, do you really want to see me do that?" Doreen nodded her head and that's when Alyssa said, "OK I will, but you have to use Janet's vibrator at the same time, that's if she wants to share it with you"
Doreen had a look of shock on her face, but she nodded her head and said," ok big shot, I'll do it at the same time as you, but one more thing, Janet and Joanne have to sit here naked with us, deal?" She looked around and waited for conformation. As much as I wanted to see two of my best friends masturbating, I wasn't sure about sitting there naked. I'm not fat, but my body is nothing like Alyssa's and I felt weird. I looked at the other two girls and realized Doreen was built just like me and Janet was a little overweight too, so I finally said I was in. Alyssa poured us all another drink that we really didn't need, but we all drank it anyway.
Alyssa went over to the easy chair, shimmed out of her sweat pants and took off her top, she wasn't wearing a bra, She sat down wearing only a tiny little thong. She looked at us all and said, "let's go girls, I'm not gonna play until I see you all out of those sweats and completely naked," Doreen stood up, took off her pants and shirt and stood there waiting for me and Janet to join her. We both stood up and stripped down to our bra's and panties. Alyssa said," Oh no, we all agreed naked, keep going ladies." I reached behind my back, unhooked my bra and dropped my panties. Doreen and Janet followed my lead and within a minute, we were all sitting there looking at each other naked. I have to say, it was a very, very, hot scene to be in.
Alyssa put some oil on her friend, put a leg over each arm of the chair, pulled her thong to the side and gently worked that monster in. At first it was just a little, then back out and in again, slow but steady. After a few times she pushed it all the way in. She let out a pretty loud sigh, and that made it even sexier. She worked it like we weren't even there, she was really getting into it. She finally opened her eyes and said, " see girls, nothing to it if you're ready for it." I was so jealous. At that I wanted to try that thing in the worst way, but I was also enjoying the show she was putting on for us. All of a sudden I heard a buzzing sound, I knew exactly what it was, Janet was using her little rabbit friend.
When We looked at her she said, "What, you think I can just sit here and watch that skinny little bitch fuck that thing without playing with myself? That's why I brought it, and I need it, right now.!" So me and Doreen sat back and watched our friends play with themselves. I noticed one thing about all four of us, we all had clean shaven pussies. I was just sitting there taking it all in when I turned and looked at Doreen, she had her right hand between her legs and was gently rubbing her clit while she watched the show. I decided if little Miss. conservative could sit there and play with herself, so could I.
We were all in our own worlds, high and horny when all of a sudden we heard a loud, "Ahhhh," then an "Ohhh" It was Janet having an orgasm with her rabbit vibrator. I quietly said, Don't stop honey, enjoy it." She did! To my surprise when she was in the middle of her orgasm, I saw a little squirt shoot out. WOW! I was so into watching her cum, I didn't realize my fingers were inside my pussy and I was working my G-spot like never before. I came right after her.
I looked over at Doreen who was feverishly working her clit and enjoying the show. When I turned to look at Alyssa, she was pulling that monster out of her pussy, she was actually out of breath. She looked at all of us and said, "Anybody want to take him for a ride?" I wanted nothing more in the world than to try that out, but I didn't want to seem too anxious, so I waited to see if either of the other two girls would take her up on the offer. We all looked at each other and once again started laughing. We all knew that we all wanted to try it, but believe it or not, we were still a little bit embarrassed. Alyssa said, "are you kidding me, you just watched me fuck the shit out of that thing while you all watched, and now your all shy? Give me a break, I'm not, give me that rabbit, my clit need some attention.
I decided it would be me, so I took "Mr. big" to the sink, rinsed him off, then I stuck him to the stool near the counter, I moved the stool to the center of the room, oiled it up and squatted down over it. I became aware of how big it was as it entered my pussy. It was stretching me pretty good, but once it was in, it was fucking amazing. I suddenly became aware I was the center of attraction, and I was loving it. Alyssa asked me if I thought I would be able to cum on it, instead of answering her, I just sat all the way down and rode the hell out of it, I came seconds later. As I stood up and it slid it out of me I looked at Doreen and said, "I think you're the only one who hasn't had an orgasm tonight, would you like to try it?"
She said, "of course I would." So I took it off the stool, rinsed it off again and handed it to her. Now like I said before, we were high and drunk as shit, so I guess that would explain Doreen's next request. She walked over to the sofa, knelt on it facing the back and held the dildo in the air, then she said, "Can I get some help here, I need a doggy fuck." This time I didn't wait for anybody else, I took it from her hand and put some oil on it. Her pussy was very open and waiting for it so I gently pushed it in without any hesitation at all, her pussy just swallowed it. She let out a loud moan when it went in and I immediately went to work fucking her from behind like it was a horny 18 year old boy fucking for the first time. I made her orgasm inside of two minutes. Her pussy was actually dripping but she didn't move.
I have never had sex with a woman, but looking at her kneeling there with her pussy dripping made me want to eat her out right there. I don't know if Janet was reading my mind but she said," this might be the weed and alcohol talking, but that pussy right there looks good enough to eat."
I looked back at Janet and said, "I was thinking the same thing." and Alyssa also agreed.
That's when Doreen said," I hear lot's of talk, but no action." I looked at Janet and she gave me the "go ahead" motion with her head, so I knelt behind Doreen and buried my tongue in her wet pussy. She let out another loud moan, pushed back and rode my tongue. I was really enjoying myself and so was Doreen. She told me when I was ready she would reward me for doing such a good job. As much as I wanted to feel her tongue in me, I was totally enjoying eating her out. After a few minutes I stood up and said I wanted to switch. Doreen spun around and sat on the sofa.
She looked at me and said, "turn around and look at that." I turned to see Alyssa still in the same position as before with a leg over each are, only this time Janet was between her legs doing a real good job of eating that tight little pussy. My pussy was aching at that point so I walked over to the matching chair next to Alyssa and Janet, put a leg over each arm just like Alyssa and told Doreen to come over and take care of me. Doreen knelt down in front of me and went to work. Her tongue was amazing, she was doing a better job than my husband ever did. I held the back of her head and pulled her into my pussy as much as i could. I was about to cum and when I told her, she just ate me harder and I could hear Alyssa was about to come too. We actually came at the same time.
Alyssa and I were still sitting spread eagle on the two easy chairs while Doreen and Janet were both on their knees in front of us. Janet looked at me and Alyssa and said," I'm not sure if either of you two girls noticed, but I'm the only one who's pussy has been ignored here and I'm feeling a little left out."
Alyssa said, "Awww you poor thing, we don't want you to feel left out, why don't you come sit up here between my legs and I'm pretty sure Joanne can take care of you." Janet stood up and settled in the chair with Alyssa's legs on each side of her. I saw Alyssa reach around and start playing with Janet's tits. I stood up, knelt down in front of Janet and started to tease her pussy with my tongue. She was squirming a lot so I knew I was doing a good job. All of a sudden Doreen was kneeling behind me and reaching around to play with my tits too. The four of us were all pleasing each other and it was amazing.
Once I got Janet to have a nice orgasm I stood up and went to the sofa. our pussy's were all pretty satisfied and all was right with the world. We all stayed naked the rest of the night, even when we made ourselves some snacks. I heard Alyssa say," Hey ladies, I have to say tonight is defiantly the best one we have ever spent together, don't you think?" We all agreed, then she said, "I'm not saying it's over yet, after all, we are sharing beds together, right?" We all looked at each other and laughed, then she told us she had an idea. She went over to the cabinet and grabbed four straws. We watched as she cut a little off two of them. She came back over and said, "we'll grab straws, the two short ones share a bed and the two long ones share a bed, then we'll just see how the night turns out." We all agreed and drew the straws. Janet and Doreen were going to share a bed and Alyssa and I would share a bed. I was elated, knowing I was going to sleep next to that hot little body.
We were all kind of excited about going to bed, but we stayed up a little longer. I decided to take one more hit of pot to keep my high going and Alyssa said " Give me some of that, I think I need to stay stoned too, just in case you try and take advantage of me." I just smiled at her and shrugged my shoulders. We decided to go to bed, Alyssa went in first and I followed her a couple minutes later. She was laying face down and I could see that adorable ass moving up and down, I knew she was rubbing her clit. She said, " sorry but I needed to do this."
I said, "don't mind me, I just here watching some hot ass girl play with herself and resisting the urge to play with her ass."
She said, " It's not healthy to deprive yourself of something you really want." So I crawled on the bed and started to play with her ass. I saw her bottle of oil on the night stand, so I grabbed the bottle and generously squirted it on her ass. I watched as it dripped down between the crack of her ass and down onto her pussy. I reached between her cheeks and made my way down to her pussy. I played with her lips, back up to her asshole, and that back down. Finally, I inserted two fingers inside of her. I knew she was enjoying it, because as I entered her, her ass raised up and made it easier for me. She finally turned over, spread her legs as wide as she could and really let me finger her.
After I gave her another orgasm she decided it was my turn. She laid next to me and told me to face her. I did as she asked and she pushed her leg between mine until my pussy was grinding her leg. She reached for the oil and squirted it on her leg so my pussy would slid better. I was humping her leg and enjoying the feeling on my clit. I felt her leg push really hard on my pussy and that caused me to have another orgasm. I rolled over and to catch my breath when Alyssa said, " I just love you tit's, then she leaned over and put my nipple in her mouth. Her tongue danced all over it, then she moved to the other one. That was the way night one ended, but we still had two more nights to go.