This is a FICTICIOUS story that contains elements of non-consent, abuse, humiliation, gangbangs and other darker types of kinks. If such things offend you, please do not read. This story is meant to be entertainment only.
**
Special thanks to TRCIII for editing this series! His efforts have improved my work no end
Also to Lucy who has been the inspiration for this and 3 other series that I have written.
**
Tammy sat in the passenger seat of the car; their big 4x4 gave her a view across the car park and the nature reserve beyond. It was the late evening, but dusk was probably a good 30 minutes away. They were the only car here.
She mulled the events that had led up to her being here. It all started when she walked in on her mum with six of her friends and her ex. Her mum was being blackmailed, and instead of freaking out she joined in, and that changed everything. If it had ended there it would have been bad enough, but she had followed Lucy, her Mum, further and further down the rabbit hole, and had got to the point where she fucked her best friend's dad, and worse, her stepdad. After that there had been a very frank conversation between the three of them; their desires had all come out, and they all knew everything now.
Tammy summarised it in her head—she wanted to be humiliated, she got off on shame and being used. Lucy loved to be had by different men and be watched; she wanted to put on a show. She accepted being used some, and humiliated, but she did not crave it the way Tammy did. Stuart had been the least forthcoming to start with; Tammy thought there was an element of embarrassment and an element of not wanting to admit to Lucy what he liked. Stuart liked watching Lucy get fucked, he also liked watching Tammy, and said he would like to fuck her more regularly. Tammy was not sure about that; she really didn't like her stepdad that much. The real surprise though, was Stuart admitted that the thing he had enjoyed most, and wanted more of, was watching Miles fuck his own daughter Emily. When Tammy had told Emily, Emily confessed that she had let her dad fuck her once more since that night; she said he made her cum in a way her boyfriends didn't. They were going to set something up so Tammy could film them; then they could control Stuart a bit with teases of the video. They agreed it would be evil but fun.
So anyway, on the back of those conversations, Lucy and Tammy now sat in the car, at this well-known dogging site, hoping to use the men that came here to satisfy their desires. Neither of them had a clue how this really worked, only what they had read on the internet, and the internet said that up to thirty people often joined in here. Tammy noticed a man walking up from the reserve into the car park. She did not like the look of him; he looked seedy and like he was probably into some illegal shit.
The guy very cautiously approached the car, and Lucy dropped the window. He looked for a moment at the two of them, then said, "You probably don't want to stay here much longer. It's not a family place in the evening."
"No, we are here for that," Lucy cheerily replied.
"Oh," he said, clearly shocked. There was a long pause, then he asked, "You putting on a show, then?"
"Well, actually, I wondered if you wanted to fuck my daughter," said Lucy, pointing to Tammy. "She is 18."
"What? No!" said Tammy.
Lucy turned to Tammy and said, "If he wants a go, you will fuck him and like it, whether you want to or not!"
The guy was studying Tammy through the window. She shied away, and then he said, "Well, if that is on offer..."
Tammy wanted to cry, but she also felt her pussy flutter; she had guessed her mum was going to pick a man she didn't want, to fuck her tonight. The humiliation would be exactly what she wanted; but she had not expected it to be the first bloke that walked up. As she thought about that, she was very aware that her pussy was wet. God, this was going to be awful and wonderful, she thought, as she opened the door of the car. She turned so her legs hung out, her really-short red skirt on display with her black stockings. She had no knickers on and as the guy came round the corner of the car and to her door. He gasped, clearly getting a good view of her 18-year-old bald pussy.
As the guy very slowly and cautiously approached Tammy, his hand touched her stocking at the knee, then his fingers ran up the inside of her leg slowly towards her inviting little cunt. Tammy had to fight not recoil away as he touched her; the idea of this random stranger, who looked questionable to say the least, touching her most intimate places was horrendous. And she loved it.
She leaned back to give him a good view as his hand moved into the wet area around her pussy, slowly moving towards her clit. As he got to the clit, he didn't touch it, sliding his fingers around the outside then stroking down her soaking wet pussy. She moaned.
The guy paused and said, "You want me to do this, right?"
"'Want' is a poor choice of words; I am going to allow you to. Is that enough consent for you?" Tammy replied, hoping her mum would let that go. She did not want to be here at all; it was not her idea, which Tammy supposed was all part of driving the humiliation. As far as she was concerned, she was here reluctantly, and every man fucking her here tonight was doing so because her mother wanted it, not because she did.
It clearly was enough for him, as his fingers slipped into her pussy, his thumb now massaging hard around her clit. But he still had not touched it; Tammy was sure that was deliberate; the movements were not like he was searching for it.
Lucy was looking over to get a good view; there was something really weird with her mum getting off on her sexual gratification, but considering what she had done in the last month or so, who was Tammy to judge? If she was honest, there was a level of shame in that for her, too, letting it happen.
Tammy moaned again, and then shuddered as he ran his thumb across her clit, before he really pushed it and applied pressure, his fingers curling in her pussy, pushing on the wall below the clit. She looked at him again; nope, she really was not attracted in any way. He was horrible. Her mind pictured him fucking her with a small pathetic cock. She moaned again, loudly this time, that image in her head driving her wild.
The guy was not subtle, and he flipped her over, her foot hitting the ground as she was bent over the seat of her mum's big X5. Her face ended up above the centre console, looking at the small black leather skirt her mum had on, as a cock that was not small at all bullied its way into her pussy. She lay there while a cock with a very decent girth thrust into her; she felt the car start to gently move as the pounding she received increased in intensity. Tammy was not that happy that right in front of her face her mum hitched up her skirt and started to rub her own clit; it was far too close for her liking.
Fingers worked underneath and Tammy felt her clit being rubbed again. She moaned; there would be an orgasm here, although her mum was trying to put her off, moaning from her self-abuse.
Lucy was loving what she was watching—her own live porn, featuring her daughter. There was something so wrong about watching like this, as her daughter's little pussy was pounded, the car rocking from the force of the thrusts. But wrong or not, she loved it. There were two or three men watching now from a distance; Tammy probably didn't know, but with any luck more men could be enticed to fuck her. Lucy moaned. She was rubbing while she watched this, and she hoped that made Tammy feel ashamed.
There was a noise beside her, and she looked out the window. A man about 40 and fat—really fat—had his cock out and was wanking. He was not watching Tammy though; he was watching Lucy frig herself. That sent waves of pleasure though Lucy and she leaned back as much as she could, to show him as he wanked, watching her wank. Lucy's attention was pulled back to Tammy; she was climaxing and the noise was drawing the 3 men that were watching in closer. They wanted to see. As they moved closer it was clear two of them were wanking.
The excitement of Tammy cumming was obviously too much for the guy fucking her and he started to blow, pounding deep into Tammy. His seed splattered into her, and she seemed satisfied. Lucy turned her attention back to the guy watching her. She was close, too. The sight of a stranger blowing into her daughter had got Lucy most of the way there, and the image of the guy outside her window watching her cum was stimulus enough to cause her to start tensing and twitching. Her orgasm was not strong, but it was satisfying.
As she sat in the afterglow of the orgasm, Lucy looked around. There were two other cars in the car park now. In one a couple were watching, but in the other, a big estate car, the boot was open and the wife—Lucy presumed it was a wife—was naked. Her partner was using his tongue to excite her, as two other men looked on. There were maybe 4 other men around, and one girl who looked very out-of-place but was watching Tammy, who was now lying on the seat with nobody behind her. The guy that had fucked her had disappeared.
Tammy went to get up, and Lucy said, "No, stay there for a moment."
The guy that had been watching Tammy get fucked, but not wanking, was approaching. There was more confidence to his approach than the first guy, but he slowed as he got to the open door.
Lucy watched him visibly swallow before he nodded towards Tammy, and said, "Can anybody have a go?"
"Go for it," Lucy said, loving that her daughter's naked arse caused so much attention.
He approached Tammy, and with his hand started to rub her arse, and then moved down to her inner thigh. His hand disappeared from Lucy's view, and almost immediately Tammy moaned, while with his other hand he was releasing his cock from his Jeans.
Lucy jumped as the guy that had been watching her, tapped on her window. She lowered it again and said, "Yes?"
"You going again? I like watching you," he said, his voice creepy in a way that made Lucy's skin crawl.
"I am in a minute. But if you want, when this guy is done," she pointed at the guy now fingering Tammy really hard, "you can fuck her."
"Maybe," was all the reply Lucy received.
When she looked back, the guy fingering Tammy had removed his cock from his trousers. It was an impressive cock—not that long, but the girth was considerably more than average. Tammy was moaning again, his fingering and clit rubbing was getting her there.
Tammy was not sure how she felt about this. She had not even seen the guy that had his fingers in her pussy; all she had looked at for over five minutes now was her mum frigging herself and a guy watching her. She wanted to look, but clearly from her the way her mother had told her not to move she was not allowed to see the man fucking her. All part of the humiliation; she was to be used, and enjoyed. Although she was enjoying this herself; the guy was skilled. He was putting pressure on her inner lips, stretching them with his fingers, while keeping his fingers together at the outer lips. It was a strange, and most certainly different, feeling. His skill with his thumb on her clit was none-too-shabby either, she thought, as she fluttered heavily and moaned.
As his fingers were replaced with his cock, she felt his sizable head press against her lips, then stroke up and down her slit, making her shudder. In a fast movement he slipped the head inside her lips, then thrust hard into her pussy. She gasped. She has never had her pussy opened and stretched so quickly before, and she was not sure if it was pain or pleasure she was feeling, as he started to thrust.
She leaned in, pushing back on his cock as he thrust into her, waiting for him to start rubbing again. His girth was driving a huge amount of feeling for her, though, and she thought she might cum from just his cock. But she was not going to leave it to chance. Tammy moved her hand and started to play, her fingers not only exciting her clit, but gently touching the cock thrusting her. Feeling the ridges and girth—it was a fat, veiny cock—she revelled in how good it felt in her. His cock seemed to respond to her touch, also.
Tammy looked up at her mum who, while watching her, had started to frig herself again. The guy watching her almost had his head inside the window of the car, but he was totally focused on her mum's pussy, not her getting fucked. Tammy didn't care; she did not feel the need to be watched like her mum did, and she relaxed into both her hand that was playing, and the oversized-width cock that was ramming her.
As the pounding continued, Tammy was moving closer and closer to her next orgasm. She knew it was just moments away, when the thrusting behind lost the rhythm and she was almost lifted off her feet by the power of the thrusts. Then, without warning, there was no cock in her, and in the time it took her to exhale, hot spunk started to spray across her arse and pussy. It was like a jet; this guy had a huge load that just seemed to keep coming. The sudden change had totally ruined Tammy's build-up, and she was no longer close to cumming, now. She felt cum running down, pooling at the top of her stockings before soaking in. Worst of all, when she looked around, the guy that had been fucking her had gone. She had not seen him at all. Being fucked by somebody that you don't know was fun and exciting; not knowing their name made Tammy feel like a slut. She loved that, not knowing what they looked like, not knowing if they were young or old, fat or slim, handsome or a munter. That was humiliating, and she loved it.
Tammy lay where she was for a couple of minutes watching her mum wank, the guy watching now had his hand in the car and was stroking up and down her inner thigh. She nearly jumped out of her skin when a hand touched her stockinged leg. Lucy had an evil grin on her face, as she said, "Do whatever you want to her. She will not stop you; she is a little slut, here to be used."
Suddenly both Tammy's arms were grabbed and she was dragged out the car. She heard the start of a protest from her mum, but caught sight of a hand over her mum's mouth and her door being opened. In total shock, Tammy was rapidly moved; when she forced her mind back to a state she could process what was going on, she was laying in the boot of the X5, her legs hanging out the back, her knees not quite touching the floor. Her arms had been pulled behind her back and a cable was being used to tie them together.
"What the hell are you doing?" she shouted.
As she started to struggle and look around, she saw that her mum was in the same position as her being tied the same. Before she could protest more, a man spoke from behind them.
"Are you two going to make me gag you and have you restrained, which will be uncomfortable? Or are you both going to be good little sluts and behave?" The voice was heavily disguised. It was slightly muffled, it had a Geordie accent—which sounded oddly fake—and although the voice was loud, it had the sound like it was whispering. It was really odd.
Before Tammy could speak, Lucy said, "We will both behave. Do whatever you want to both of us, but please, just don't hurt us."
There was a pause, then the voice said, "Good, you will be going home safely, if a little sore, if you both behave."
Lucy looked at Tammy and whispered, "Just relax and let it happen, whatever it is; it is the safest thing to do."
Tammy thought she was going to say more, but was cut off by her knickers being ripped off. Lucy was now in the same boat as Tammy, with skirt up around her waist and no knickers. Tammy was sure she was about to be fucked every which way, and she loved the idea really, she was not sure Lucy did. But then again, her mother had got her into this situation, so she could suffer the consequences.
The voice spoke again, "Keep looking forward; do not look back behind you. Do you understand?"
Tammy and Lucy said, "Yes," at the same time.
Tammy felt her pussy being probed, but it was not a finger or a cock. It was cold, metallic, and as she felt pressure she realised, it was the wheel brace. That thing was massive! Oh my god, what were they going to do to her?
The cold hard wheel brace slipped in, her already well-used cunt letting the large head push up easily. It was at least as big as her largest dildo, but that was bigger than any man she had had, including Paul. Tammy moaned, despite the cold and hard nature of the brace it was stretching her and she thought of how humiliating this was really. It had to be halfway to the cross now and it was starting to get uncomfortable.
"Come on slut, you can take more than that," a different voice said, as he pushed hard.
More of the brace slipped in, and it was close to painful. Tammy was not a quitter, though, and let him keep pushing. Then she felt the cold of the cross-beam press against her arse; she had taken one full arm of the brace. Her breathing was shallow and fast as she dealt with the pain.
As the discomfort receded and the brace was withdrawn, the voice said, "Wow, this little slut has a cavern as a cunt; she took all 10 inches of that brace." Then, as he got to the point where the head was stretching her inner lips again, he thrust it back in.
The car started to rock forward a little and Tammy realised her mum was being fucked next to her; she was grunting quickly at the rough fuck that she was being subjected to.
The brace was thrust in and out a couple more times before it was roughly withdrawn, which made her gasp. Then a cock was thrust into her; she was pounded very hard and she felt the car moving under her. She looked at her mum, who was moving the same as her, but a little out of time.
Lucy whispered, "It will be OK, honey." As the sound of slapping filled the air, her mum winced. She was clearly being slapped hard as she was fucked. Then the wheel brace was forced under Tammy, the head being lined up with her clit. It hurt, but it also sent shocks of delight firing though her body as her clit rolled on the head.
The pounding continued, and Tammy was getting close to cumming. Then the man fucking her shot, his load firing deep in her pussy; she was about to crest and cum when the brace was removed, and her arse was slapped.
"No cumming, you little whore! You can wait," the Geordie voice said.
As the cock withdrew and moments later was replaced with another, slightly larger cock, she watched as Lucy did cum. She was moaning and shaking as the pounding started again. For Tammy, this was brutal fucking with little subtlety or finesse. As a result, while she was highly aroused and close to orgasm, she didn't think that she would find it that hard not to cum.
Next to Tammy, her mum was cumming, and loudly. Tammy was a little put out that Lucy was allowed to cum and she wasn't; she didn't really have time to think about it as the pounding from behind suddenly got switched up a notch and she felt herself being rammed into the car bumper so hard, it hurt her legs.
As her mum screamed and grunted her way through an intense orgasm, Tammy was sure the guy behind her was getting ready to blow. Surely he had only been in her 90 seconds? Tammy was nowhere close to cumming now because of the discomfort from her legs, but she was slightly miffed that this premature man was getting to cum so quickly and she wasn't allowed.
His hard hammering stopped suddenly, and moments later she felt the familiar pulsing of a cock as it pumped its load of semen into her. "Two-minute wonder," Tammy said, under her breath.
Before anything else happened, a scarf or something similar was wrapped around Tammy's head, blindfolding her. It was tied tight and she couldn't see anything; just the last remnants of sunlight broke though. She was grabbed, and she screamed, "Mum they are taking me," as she was pulled out of the car, Tammy felt terrified.
Her words were followed very quickly by a voice she had not heard before, that said, "We are not taking you, we're just turning you over."
As she was placed back in the boot of the car her heart slowed the very sharp pounding that it had started moments before. There was a moment, and then arms encircled her thighs and a head was between her legs. It took a moment but she realised it was a women's head.
"You are both safe, I promise you; no harm will come to you," the loud whispery, distorted voice said.
It was very hard with tied hands, but Tammy reached out with her hand and touched her mother, who was clearly being fucked beside her. So, it was not her mum licking her. The lady's tongue ran up the side of her pussy, across her clit, which made her flinch, and then down the other side. As it crossed her lips at the bottom, it punched inside her lips, and it felt good. However, Tammy was sure it couldn't taste good; there were three lots of cum inside her. The tongue ran up her slit to her clit and then flicked that back and forth. Tammy moaned. It felt good and the orgasm that had just been out of reach started to rise. She bounced and flinched as her clit was sucked up into the lady's mouth, and rolled about. The moan that escaped her lips was loud and pronounced.
"Don't you dare cum," the voice said.
"I doubt I can stop it," Tammy called back.
Tammy was sure she couldn't actually, and was waiting for it to overwhelm her any moment. But as she started to tense, the feelings starting, the lady let her go—left her, on the brink of cumming. She was suddenly laying there alone.
The alone only lasted for a few moments, and then a cock was thrust into her pussy. More pounding started almost immediately, although on her back she felt she had a little more control of this. Her hands ached, pinned under her body as they were.
"Sluts like you need regular hard fucking," somebody said. She was not completely sure from where, but there were more comments added. "I don't know why you even bother to wear clothes up here; your slutty nakedness would be fine for everybody here."
After a moment the pounding stopped, and her legs were lifted, and placed on the shoulders of the man who then rammed deep into her. In this position her body was lifted slightly and relieved the pressure on her hands, but the cock ramming deep into her almost hurt it was so forceful. If it had been big she was not sure she could have taken it.
Tammy was thinking about not cumming. The pounding was nice, and this not knowing any of the men fucking her, not even what they looked like, coupled with not knowing how many men—and women, she supposed—were watching was turning her on a lot. She was on the bubble of orgasm almost permanently now, and it was an effort to stop it spilling over.
The cock in her felt good and there was more than a little skill, the movements pressing all the right places and there was a good feel to this average-sized cock. It slipped up easily, stimulating her inner lips and grazing her G spot; the thrusts were powerful and precise. Her mind was picturing a circle of men watching her, seeing her fucking in this humiliating position of not even being able to see her lover. The thoughts were driving her wild.
She heard her mum cumming again, which was so unfair, and the noise of the guy fucking her said that he was cumming too. There was moment of still, then she felt her mum pushed, moved more into the boot beside her like she had been fucked and dumped there.
After a moment, the voice said, "Lay on your back and look at your daughter. Do not look out of the car; we want to watch you finger yourself and cum."
Tammy felt her mum move then there was obvious sounds of her playing with her pussy. She was clearly very wet; Tammy knew she would be loving the chance to wank with men watching her. Tammy's attention was suddenly pulled back to the man fucking her; he was clearly about to cum, and was angling to get his cock as deep as he could in her pussy.
As he moved, he said, "You dirty bitch, you can take my cum deep in you." Then he rammed in.
It took longer than Tammy expected, but soon hot spunk was spraying into her. She was not sure if this was the fourth, fifth or sixth load she had taken this evening, it had become a blur. He seemed to spend forever depositing his load, and taking his cock out of her; so long, in fact, that Lucy was cumming again. As the guy moved away, the voice said, "Now for your real treat."
Moments passed, then Tammy felt something thrown over her mum like a coat or something that would prevent her from seeing what was happening now. It took some time, but eventually Tammy's legs were lifted and her knees ended up by her tits, her feet held in the air, her pussy and arse so exposed like this. There was some more movement, then a decent-sized cock nestled up against her arsehole, the head pressed into the sloppy mess that had dripped down there.
Tammy tried to relax. She loved anal, but was not expecting it, and was not sure her arse was ready. Regardless, it was too late; the cock pushed, and her little brown sphincter started to give way almost immediately. As the head popped in, much quicker than she would have liked, she was caught between feelings of pain, and the overwhelming delight she had at the moment the head settled in her arse. She let out a gasp as the shaft was pushed into her; for a fairly-large cock it slipped up easily. She wondered if he had lubricated it, or her arse was loosening up from all the cocks that had been in it recently. The push up stopped and was withdrawn to the head. As he then started to push up again, there was pressure from his fingers on her clit.
Tammy loved the first time her arse was opened in a night; that feeling was like nothing else she had experienced. She was almost disappointed when it finished, but the guy in her butt was only a little over halfway in. Well, she hoped he was long enough that it was about halfway. And as he pushed again, slowly getting to the point he had been before then moving past it, she shuddered with pleasure, moaning loudly into the air. As his pubis came to rest on her pussy, she was so disappointed it was over, but he was a good length, and she knew with certainty that she would climax from this.
Tammy waited as the guy held his cock as deep in her arse as it was possible for him to be. It felt good, and he was clearly enjoying this moment, too. Then he withdrew slowly to the head and thrust in hard and fast back to fully in, quickly repeating. The asymmetrical thrusting continued as the pressure on her clit was built. She had already squirmed a few times as he got it just right.
Tammy's mind was off in a fantasy world, she was being fucked by some celebrity or other and there was a crowd watching, screaming at her that she was a slut and a whore, and that she didn't desire him. Humiliation rolling in from every corner, the pressure on her clit so intense, she had to cum.
Her legs were the first thing to tense; in this position that was not comfortable, but there was nothing she could do about it. As her tummy and midriff tensed too, she called out, "Oh my god! I'm cumming," but there was no reply, nobody telling her not to cum. She was allowed!
As the wave of ecstasy broke out suddenly from her clit, she felt her arse tense around the dick that was in it. There was a moan as the tensing turned into a clench. Her head tilted backwards from the intensity and she screamed a carnal moan into the seat back that her head was against. The thrusting in her arse had changed to become a fast pump into her clenching muscles. The feeling was good, and she was sure that he would cum soon, but he had not let up the pressure on her clit, and that was driving this orgasm to be considerably longer than she was used to.
The intensity and length of this orgasm were now verging on painful, and Tammy shook with each thrust now. The pressure on her clit seemed to be as much from inside as out, as the next wave rolled over her. Again, she screamed out in carnal pleasure, but she thought another one might damage her. Still, the pressure from the rub of her clit kept up. She squirmed hard, trying to break the contact, but an immediate movement of the other hand of the guy held her firmly in place.
The sounds around Tammy seemed to be fading, and she was sure that under the blindfold it was getting darker, where her world seemed to be shrinking into her clit. It was the total focus of her mind. She was only vaguely aware of the dick pounding her arse now. She almost felt sick from the churn her body felt, as yet another wave of very intense orgasm rose within her. She felt like she could not breathe; sucking in air felt hard. She had to concentrate on it, as her clit exploded into a fireball that was consuming her body, with every muscle she had joining it, turning to flame. She knew in the back of her mind that the cock in her arse was pulsing, cumming, shooting seed into her. But it was as if it was something happening in the background, in a TV show she was watching, she felt so removed from that act.
Her explosion ended abruptly. Suddenly there was no pressure; she was just laying...somewhere. She felt woozy. Her legs were moved and curled up as she was moved onto her side. Then there was a bang, and it took her a few seconds to work out it was the boot of the car closing.
Tammy tried to pull her mind back into reality; she was befuddled. She heard a car door shut and the air pressure around her changed. It seemed bizarre to her that she could tell that when she couldn't grasp exactly where she was.
Then the distorted, Geordie voice said, "I should get you ladies home."
Tammy's mind jumped into reality very fast. 'Home'? Whose home? Were they being kidnapped? Her mind was now racing as the car started and moved off, she reached out as best she could in her tied state and her mother was definitely beside her, but not moving. Panic rose within her.
As she was about to start kicking out at the car around her and start screaming, Stuart's voice said from the front of the car, "I hope you both had fun."