This took place in a different incarnation in a different place, it is a true tale. it was January the summer break. That should give you a clue as to location. Janey and I had taken to spending as much time as we could down at the beach. Not just any beach, and there were lots to choose from, but Maslin Beach. Look it up on Google Maps. It's quite famous as a nudist or naturist beach.
Protected on the landward side by low earthen rather than rocky cliffs, the sand slopes steadily down into the clear blue sea so there are no surprise drops out of your depth. Be warned though, take a sun shelter as too much of the strong sun is going to quickly burn, even with a strong SPF factor sunscreen. It really is a beautiful beach, with lots to look at if you get my drift.
They made a movie there years ago, called appropriately, 'Maslin Beach.'
A love story of sorts, a kind of Sandy and Danny movie, but with no clothes on. It was I suppose you could cal it a soft-core movie. If what we got upto had been filmed, it would have been hard-core porn.
We would arrive early, the three of us, and stay till sunset. Oh, the three of us. Didn't I say? Janey of course, who had a stunning full breasted, narrow waisted figure, me Johno or Longjohn as Janey calls me and our friend from Uni days Craig. Craig was a little shorter than me but thickset, heavily built.
We'd arrived down at the beach with our usual paraphernalia, beach shelter, coolbox with food and drinks, beach towels and mats and lots of sunscreen. We also took a couple of books and magazines.
Once we had set ourselves up in a likely spot, surrounded by other beach goers we put our sunscreen on and went for a swim, taking the opportunity to have a sly grope of each other, well Craig and I of Janey and she of us. Back on the beach we settled down with some cool drinks for a chat, a read or some sunbathing. Craig pulled out some magazines from his bag. About a dozen or so full on porno glossies. We were soon poring over them and giggling like kids caught doing something wrong. Janey comparing herself to some of the female, 'artistes.' Craig and I comparing our cocks to those in the magazines; mine is a good seven inches and cut, Craig's a little shorter, but very thick but with his foreskin intact. Some of the cocks in the magazine, put ours to shame.
"They can't be real!" Craig's response. "And look at the cumloads, those women must be close to drowning."
"I hate to say it," retorted Janey. "But trust me they are real, geez I like the look of those two black ones." Janey was leaning over Craig's back her breasts brushing his skin. "Tell you what, you two lather me up with sunscreen again and I bet we could make a better comparison."
Out came the sun lotion and we started on Janey's back and bum, working our fingers well into the crack of her arse. Craig slipping the tip of a furtive and slippery finger into Janey's bum.
"Hey! We'll have none of that, not here, not yet." Janey reached around and slapped Craig's hand away.
'What was that?' I thought. 'Janey not averse to a bit of threeway.'
It was at this point that Craig happened to catch two older women, about twenty feet away. They were closely but furtively watching. Janey at this point turned over.
"Now for the front guys and don't spare the sunscreen."
We poured more lotion onto our hands and began to spread it over Janey's stomach and breasts. Her nipples at this ministration became very erect and hard. Craig moved his hands lower and began rubbing the lotion around Janey's pussy. His hand working closer to her crack. We glanced at each other and grinned. I concentrated on Janey's tits and nipples as Craig slipped his fingers deeper. This time no slap, but a parting of thighs. By now our pricks which had become semi erect in anticipation were fully erect.
The two women nearby had put their sunhats on to obscure their eyes, but they were clearly watching, and watching closely.
Janey reached across with one hand and began to fondle Craig's balls, then her fingers reaching up the shaft to tease back his foreskin. I shited position a little so that her other hand could go to work on my prick.
Janey began to breathe faster and deeper, stifling her moans as Craig worked his fingers deeper. The illicit and public nature of what we were doing, in full view, adding to the frisson and heightened sensations.
Janey took a deep breath and held it, stifling any sound as an orgasm wracked her body. Slowly she let out her breath and smiled.
The two women nearby didn't miss a trick, and a number of other watchers I guessed.
"I think I've been well and truly sunscreened. You guys next."
Janey knelt between us as we lay on our stomachs and squirting sunscreen onto our backs began to rub it in. She took the opportunity to get her fingers down in the crack of our backsides; probing a fingertip on each hand deep, very deep.
"I hope you two don't give me stinky fingers," Janey laughed.
We both moaned and turned over.
"Well I guess you're not as big as the black guys in the magazine." It still lay open nearby. "But from the state of you you're not doing badly."
She fixed a hand around each shaft and began to work up and down. Leaning over toward Craig her lips brushed the tip of his foreskin.
"Go on, I dare you." Craig said, his voice husky. "We're being watched you know."
In reply Janey paused and took a lipstick out of her beach-bag. She quickly and expertly applied a lush red coating to her lips. Dropping the cylinder back into her bag she lowered her head once more as she continued her ministrations with both hands. Janey darted out her tongue and forced it into the opening of Craig's foreskin. Her hands still doing their work on both shafts.
"I've always wanted to try that." She said as she paused long enough to pull back the foreskin completely. Then she lowered her head taking Craig's bell into her mouth. She forced her lips tightly down the shaft of Craig's cock, leaving a bright red smear around its root. We were both by this time close to coming. Craig erupted first. Janey's lips tightening around the corona of his bell and only a little leakage running down his shaft. I spurted, long and hard into Janey's hand and over my stomach. She began to swirl and massage it in. I'll have to admit to a little jealousy as Janey had never taken me to completion and in such a satisfying manner in her mouth like that before.
She sat up and parted her lips a little. We could see the white pearlescents on her tongue and lips. Janey swallowed. We both gulped our erections showing no signs of subsiding.
Janey leant over and kissed my left nipple, leaving a pattern of bright red.
"I think we should go for a swim now to cleanup."
I took a glance at the two women nearby. They were wide-eyed, even under the broad brims of their hats and slack jawed. 'Had they just witnessed what they thought they had witnessed?'
The three of us ran down to the sea, two cocks still erect, and plunged in.
We began to swim around and circle each other, flirting with Janey still.
"Haven't you two had enough?" She reached out her hands under water and groped. "I guess you haven't."
We three bobbed about in the water our feet lightly on the sand below us. Janey taking turns in either wrapping her legs around each of us for a quick penetration and a few thrusts; or presenting her backside for us to slip into her cunt from the rear, again for a few thrusts. This went on for a good fifteen or twenty minutes, Janey laughing and at her teasing best.
Finally I grabbed Janey's arms from behind and Craig slipped his cock into her cunt from the front. Nothing needed be said, Janey and Craig held still while my cock probed her anus. It took a little effort and a groan of pain turning to pleasure as I finally slipped in.
We let the rise and fall of the gentle waves dictate the rhythm as Craig and I began our thrusting, gentle at first. We both leant back to make a little distance, so that from the shore what we were doing wasn't too obvious... I guess it was.
Our rhythm built at one time thrusting together forcing Janey to bob higher out of the water, then changing so that we thrust alternately, one withdrawing, the down-stroke, the other thrusting the up-stroke; like an engine or some piece of mechanical artistry.
Craig came just before me. I could feel his prick pulsing through the thin wall of flesh that separated it from mine. Then I began to come; a series of strong pulses that sent jets of sperm deep inside Janey's anus.
When we had both finished, we three floated there, still coupled (or is that tripled?) for a few more minutes. Slowly our erections subsided and we withdrew. A few stringy bits of white albumen floated up around Janey before dispersing.
We swam around for a while longer our lust sated. For the moment.
We had that day begun a series of sexual adventure that would take us all through summer and beyond.