"Well Mr Hawkins, I believe you're on the right track forward."
A woman with dark hair sat at her wooden desk, behind her on the office wall had a stretching banner with the words 'Miss Koriagis'. This was the office of the guidance careers councillor for our High School, she was a woman in her mid-thirties who gave out advice and offered assistance to us as we prepared to enter the next chapter of our lives.
Personally, I appreciated her guidance.
It was nice to have someone at the school who genuinely cared about our future, wanting us to have success outside of school, finding the right college or career.
"I appreciate your help Miss," I responded with a smile on my face.
"That's just my job," she replied, "But before you go, I did have one piece of advice."
I was already out of my seat when she said that, I nodded, waiting for her to continue.
"I've noticed you've been spending a lot of time with a certain few girls..." she said, trying to be careful with the way she was bringing this to my attention, "The last thing I want to do is tell you how to live your personal life, but I just want to add caution... your grades have slipped lately, nothing to be concerned about... but for such an intelligent bright young man, it's important you still stay focused, does that make sense?"
I nodded, it was a polite way of saying 'Don't think with your cock, think with your brain.'
"Good. I'll let you head off, thank you Mr Hawkins."
------
Miss Koriagis's warning was fair, but I'm also an 18 year-old horny teenage boy that was desperate for that female attention that I had been receiving lately.
Since our group trip to Australia, a few things had changed... First, we were back at school, our last semester of our senior year, which meant more interviews with the careers councillor about our futures. Despite my own opinions, it was something very few enjoyed doing, to be fair... who actually knows exactly what they want to do for the rest of their lives after High School's finished.
Secondly, my relationship with Rose was stronger than ever. Not just because she let me inside her on New Years Eve, but also because of the fact that she picked me over what everyone would consider an extremely handsome toned Australian man.
Fast forward a month later and Rose and I had been hanging out a lot more outside of school. Never at her place but she would drag me out to the mall, I'd follow her around like a little puppy dog and watch her shop. She'd drop in at my house at unexpected times. Rose has even helped herself to a dinner or two at my house, after my parents asked if she wanted some of course. And then there's been a couple of experiences in my bedroom... that have been unreal of course.
I've felt as if Rose has been like a guiding teacher when it comes to sex. She's the expert and I'm the novice.
Besides her, I hadn't had any more sexual encounters with the other girls. Tayla was still acting like our little cheating fling never happened. Katie and Annie had supposedly limited their 'boy time' to finish out the senior year.
Milly however, had jumped from a drunk hook up at a party a few weeks ago, to a fully committing relationship with that very same boy.
His name was Aaron and he was on the football team... what a shocker...
But he was as quiet as anyone I had ever met. When he would join us for lunch, he didn't say a word as Milly talked the entire time. Maybe it was poetic that the two had ended up together.
As usual, we met at the same table for lunch, after most of us had completed our interviews about college and our future plans.
"So how was everyone's meeting with Koriagis the whore," Milly said as she plonked herself down at the end of the table with her new boyfriend Aaron taking the final seat next to her, "Because she is one piece of work."
"I don't mind her, she's honest and it actually feels like she gives a shit about us," Katie replied, sitting besides me.
I agreed with her as Rose laughed, "It's all a big joke anyway, they're all paid to pretend to care, none of them actually do."
I disagreed with that but I stayed out of it, not having the energy to argue about something like this. There was also no way that I would argue with the one girl of the Saturday Night Five that was consistently giving me sexual favours.
"That's not true, they could easily just tick a couple of boxes and send us on our way but Miss Koriagis actually takes the time to get to know us as people. Not just base us off our report cards and grades and then let us go into the real world blind," Katie voiced her opinion, "I feel way better about things after my meeting."
"I don't trust her..." Tayla said, quietly, picking at her food.
"Oh please," Katie sighed.
Having no interest in this conversation, Rose flipped the topic of discussion in a completely opposite direction that caught everyone off guard, "Well I really don't care about this... So anyways, I was watching some porn the other day and..."
A few people laughed, Katie and Annie looked at their friend in shock for what she had just brought up, I gulped and I'm pretty sure Aaron did too.
"Did you just say what I thought you did?" Tayla double checked.
Rose nodded, taking a bite out of her apple so casually, "What? Can't talk about porn at the lunch table?"
"Can we change subjects?" Annie awkwardly said, ready to move on.
"So we can talk more about career councillors? Really?" said Rose.
I was with Rose on this one. Mainly just because I wanted to know more about where this was going.
It turned out that so did others.
"You watch it much?" Tayla asked curiously.
She nodded, "Of course. Come on girls, it isn't just for boys, it's for everyone, you just have to know what you like. Maybe you don't watch as much since you've got a boyfriend Tay, but you're telling me you haven't watched it before?"
"I didn't say that," Tayla replied in an instant, "I just asked if you watched it much... But yeah of course I have before... and maybe I still do now too."
"I'm not going to lie, I do too," Katie put her hand up, Milly besides her seconding that.
Looking around the room, I noticed Annie's reaction, looking down at the table. She never looked awkward, uncomfortable or out of place so I found her response quite interesting.
"Hey gang, what did I miss?" Declan was standing with his blue varsity football jacket in front of the table, trying to work out what had just happened.
"Uh nothing, come on, let's go," Tayla said, getting up, "You can walk me to class."
Once Tayla left, the conversation died down with others leaving the table too. I walked away with Katie just moments after, heading to our locker bay before our final class of the day. It was mainly just general chit-chat, I had come to appreciate how open she was with me compared to most other people at our school. The light-hearted girl was more complex than many understood.
What took everyone's attention was her sizeable rack. Even at school when they were covered, I still couldn't help but stare at the shape of her breasts underneath her black top. I did my best to cover my tracks but I'm sure she was used to this by this stage.
As we left the locker bay, the conversation turned to the future and colleges. After both our meetings, we felt clearer with what we wanted to do. I was still keen on an Information Technology course in a college on the West Coast. For Katie, it turned out she had applied for a nearby college in the same state.
"You're kidding? That's amazing, we'll be only half an hour from each other," I exclaimed, excited to hear that.
Katie smiled, still processing it, maybe a little surprised by my excitement, "I wouldn't cramp your style? What if you find a girlfriend, she wouldn't want me hanging around."
"Come on Katie, that's not going to happen," I replied, "The last thing I'd ever want is a future where we don't speak."
Our eyes met and to sound very cringey, I felt some sort of powerful energy between us. No further words were spoken on the subject as we arrived at the next classroom.
__-
The rest of the afternoon went by quickly for me and before I knew it, I was back at home, jumping straight on my PlayStation to play an online game against strangers from half way around the world. When dinner was up, I didn't even take off my headset as I rushed to finish my food before hurrying back upstairs to keep playing. Once I was hooked on a game, it took a lot to get me to turn it off. By this rate, I would be playing through most of the night.
That was of course until my door opened and there stood the only thing I'd rather do.
"Evening stud," said Rose, the brunette beauty standing in my doorway. She strolled in, shutting the door behind her, "Your mom let me in."
"I didn't know you were going to be coming around tonight," I asked curiously, actually taking my headset off for a moment.
"Ohh had nothing on... thought I would come over and make your night a little better."
She wasn't wearing much, as usual. A white high waist ruffle hem skirt that came up to just below her belly button. It was matched together with a grey drop shoulder crop top with the word 'Brooklyn' written across it in black letters. Her feet were covered by just white socks, obviously taking her shoes off by the front door.
At the time, I was sitting on the carpet in front of my bed, leaning up against it so I could still use my controller while it was charging. I went to get up but as she came over, she stopped me, pressing her hand against my shoulder, "No you don't have to move, keep playing your little video game..."
"You sure?"
"Mhmm," she said, jumping onto my bed, "I'll just watch.
Rose was going to do a little more than just watch, she was going play the tease card. She moved up to the end of the bed, and sat there, with her legs off the mattress, and hanging down over the edge, pressed up against my shoulders. The brunette moved closer so that her skirt was touching the back of my head.
She ruffled my hair, playing with it as I continued my game, pretending like it was all normal. But of course, I was a little distracted with who was here, I started making more mistakes online.
"Ooh is that you who just died?"
I nodded, "Yep."
Almost a minute later, I suffered the same fate again and she made a little 'tsk tsk' noise with her lips. I don't know if it was the fingers in the hair, her soft shaved legs up against my body or what, but I made a quick decision that I wanted her right now.
I exited the game, got up quickly and whipped off my shirt in seconds like I was a male stripper.
"Woah there, easy boy," she cooed, an evil smile on her face, "What are you thinking right now?"
I was quick to answer, pulling down my shorts so that I was only in dark blue briefs, "Easy one... fucking you."
Rose crept back on the bed, like this was a game of cat and mouse. I wasn't going to wait tonight, I crept on top of the bed and trapped her underneath me. I pushed a strand of her brown hair away from her forehead as I leaned in for a kiss. She played innocent for about twenty seconds, not allowing my tongue inside until she grabbed the back of my head and allowed us to go from zero to ten, real quick.
Every time we kissed, I could taste the cherry lipstick gloss that she would use frequently.
The skirt was so flowy and short that it made it incredibly easy to slip my hand inside. It was like she had picked it out for that exact reason. A bit of touching of her thigh soon led to my hand rubbing the outside of her panties which were already a little moist.
Rose bit down on my bottom lip and forced me to look her dead in the eyes. Unless you had been in this situation with the brunette, you wouldn't understand just how powerful that look was.
I wanted to try and tease her for longer but hey, fuck it! I couldn't wait any longer. I used both hands to yank off her panties. With her assistance by lifting her bum off the bed, I was able to pull the white thong off her ass, down her legs and completely off.
I couldn't control myself with Rose. Her teasing used to be torture but once she allowed me to fuck her once, I couldn't get enough. Her pussy was like a drug, well I mean, not that I knew anything about drugs... But what I did know is that Rose's pussy had me addicted.
I took a peek under her skirt of her puffy pink lips, before I used my left hand to continue where it left off moments ago. She felt even nicer now that there was nothing covering her mound.
Just rubbing the outside of her lips soon turned into fingering. She soaked my index and middle fingers with her own pussy juice. Her walls were red hot, I could feel the tension inside her.
All in the meantime, she was pulling my cock that was hard and firm, out of my underwear. Her soft hands toyed with me, the same way that I was doing to her. The only thing was, she was better at resisting than I was.
"Fuck me..." I muttered, pulling away from her kisses and lining my cock up with her slit.
There was this incredible look that she gave me, nobody could match the sexual looks she gave boys. I wanted to take a picture of her like this, in the moment, legs well spread, a 'come and fuck me now' look as she stared me dead in the eyes.
I positioned my body in between her legs. Rose had taken off my clothes below the waist and my cock stood up high and proud, ready to enter.
Slowly, I began to ease myself inside her. Rose moaned the second it entered, making this sexy 'o' shape with her lips. Pressing my tip in, I pushed all the way inside her, "Oh god..."
Once all the way in, I started to thrust, holding my weight up above her, with the palm of my hands firmly against the bed sheets.
"Come on... ooh yes... come on baby, fuck me..." she cooed to me.
Rose would never lose eye contact with her lovers. The 18-year-old minx was an expert in this area, she knew what guys liked, I had found it terribly hard to last long with her.
Trying to get into more of a rhythm, I watched as her breasts underneath the top bounced around and my cock disappearing inside her, underneath the short flowing white skirt.
"Fuck! Arghh... fuck!" I moaned back as I tried to speed it up, feeling that tension on me.
Her walls tightened on my cock, I could feel just how wet she was which turned me on even more.
I wanted to be in control of her for once, but I was still a little clumsy in the bedroom. Even as something as simple as feeling up her breasts while I pounded into her was more difficult than it needed to be. She giggled as I lost a little balance.
We kept going at a steady pace but as soon as I started to slow down and lose more of my rhythm, she wrapped her legs around me and grabbed my back, flipping me over. We tumbled around until she was sitting on my lap, the way she did it showed just how impressive her flexibility and agility was.
"You like that?" she asked, now in control, rocking back and fourth on my cock, "I'm in control now stud."
The brunette's hair was moving around behind her as she worked with her hips and butt. She knew she could keep this pace up better than I could. Rose loved to be in this dominant position with her male partners, feeling the power.
Asserting her dominance, she planted her hands down on my chest. It assisted her as she rode me into the bed harder, and with more physical passion.
"Ohhh baby! Fuck yes!" she'd moan out loud, but not loud enough that my parents would hear from downstairs.
The bedroom light may not have been on but the glow of the television lit up the room enough for me to get a great view of her. Now on the bottom, I could finally have a proper go at playing with her tits. I reached up to squeeze her perky breasts, but underneath the crop top, I felt another barrier, her bra.
I wanted to get her tits out but then that familiar tension in my penis struck.
"Ooh god, fuck, Rose... fuck..." I began to mutter.
It hadn't taken long for my dick to reach its tipping point. But I was surprised with just how quickly it came. Before I knew it, I was shooting my load up inside her. Rose didn't move, she was warned of my impending orgasm but she wanted me to finish right where I was.
As I started to unleash, my body twitched below her as she held me down, my cock was drained by her pussy. She let me finish everything inside her, very, very slowly rocking back and fourth with this teasing open smile on her face.
"Mmmm," she muttered, knowing I was finally done.
When she pulled herself up, my cock smacked down against my abdomen as she let my cum leak from her lips. She shifted her weight back and lifted the skirt to give me the perfect view about it.
What a girl...
Watching my own ejaculate leak from her vagina gave me great satisfaction, and I think she felt the exact same way too, sensing the pure dominance she had over me. Rose continued to stare me down as she lightly played with herself, dipping her fingers inside her lips so she could taste my cum.
"God I'm sorry..." I said, feeling like I needed to apologise for how quickly I blew my load.
Licking her lips after inserting her index finger into her mouth, Rose chuckled to herself, "Don't. I always take it as a compliment when someone's that quick with me."
Rose leaned forward so she could kiss me once more on the lips, she then got off the bed, lightly slapping my bare thigh, "Back in a tick."
She was still dressed the way she came in as she left my bedroom. The only difference, without panties and a pussy full of my cum. I waited for her return, still touching myself. Right then, I knew I wouldn't have any issue with cumming a second time tonight, I was still hard and I had an urge for her to take it out on her breasts.
Rose tiptoed in a few minutes later, quietly moving inside the bedroom while keeping eye contact with not just my eyes but my cock that was again hard.
I patted the bed, feeling as if I needed to offer something in return, "I'm happy to get you off in return, you want to sit on my face?"
She smiled as she laid down on the bed next to me, "It's okay hun, I'm happy to just chill if you want..."
Laying with her hands resting on her body, I must have given it away by my staring that I wanted to do more. Also the fact that I was still rock hard, that may have had something to do with it.
Rose raised an eyebrow at me, "Oh you want more huh?"
"Well... if you don't mind... maybe I can see your boobs again?"
"Honest and direct... I like it," she said before sitting up to pull off her top.
Next to the brunette, I sat up too, waiting in anticipation to see Rose's boobs which I had now seen quite a few times. She took off her top and discarded it on my bedroom floor. Rose then moved her hand to her back as she unclipped her lacy white bra.
Biting down on her bottom lip, she pulled her arms through the sockets to reveal her perky medium sized breasts.
God that never got old... not with any of these girls.
Rose laid back down and I was now staring down those beautiful mounds on her chest. Both pink nipples stood up, both hard as one another. My cock twitched at the sight of them as she casually laid back with her tits out.
She did something so simple, yet so sexy, which drove me wild. Rose pinched both her nipples at the same time, lightly yanking on them before letting go off them.
She laid back with her hands behind her head, as if she was tanning topless on some nude beach in Jamaica.
"Can I Uhh..."
"My god also, you just blew your load in my pussy... Yes you can touch my tits," she chuckled.
A little embarrassed, I smiled and moved so I was sitting above her. That's when I took the imitative to start feeing her up. There was just something about boobs to me that made me so happy. I didn't even have to be horny to be doing this, I was the quintessential boob man.
I'm sure this is common with most male teenagers but it was certainly in my DNA.
I began to squeeze them, massage them, tease her nipples. Then when my hands needed a break, I used my mouth. I was latching onto her firm nipples, which made her breathe a little heavier. Rose didn't say much while I played with her breasts for the next few minutes. It was almost as if she was deep in thought.
There was this real eagerness that I had to be constantly touching her. I didn't know if this would ease up over time, maybe its just because I'm a horny teenager and that I'm still new to all of this and that's why I was so invested in exploring.
"You love my body..." she told me as she watched me playing with her boobs.
I nodded, while I had my two hands full of her breasts, "I want to cum on you..."
"You don't have to ask me."
Rather than just hovering, I physically sat my naked ass down on her lap as I started to jerk myself off, "I just want to make sure you're enjoying yourself too."
Rose smiled, "I am... I like watching you touch me. Whatever you like, I like..."
Just the way she said little things like that with the slow sultry tone made my most private body part twitch. I was holding onto it quite firmly, my hand instantly moving at a rapid pace as I stared down at her perfect hard pink nipples on top of her perky breasts.
I told her to hold them, play with her boobs while I wanked. Maybe that was my way of taking more control of the situation between us.
Not that I needed any extra motivation, but the way she touched the great lumps on her chest only got me going more. Rose bit down on her bottom lip again as I jerked faster. She would tease her own nipples, rubbing them in between her fingers.
"Cum for me?"
"Cum on my tits?"
Jesus Christ! That voice and the way she said those words would remain in the back of my brain forever.
I think she was finding my over the top interest in her body as extremely satisfying.
She knew what was about to happen again, "Cum on my titties! That's right, all over them!"
"Fuck... ohhh fuck..." I cried.
For the second time tonight, I ejaculated but this time it was on top of her. I tried to keep it down, aiming for her boobs. If it was the first load, I probably would have been spraying it everywhere but I managed to keep control of most of it, covering mainly her breasts and stomach.
Now I was officially spent...
We cleaned up and Rose threw her top back on while I found some baggy clothes to change back into. This was the the part I hated most, when Rose would disappear back to her own house or wherever she was off to next.
I never asked where she was going, afraid of the answer. We certainly weren't a couple or an item but I was afraid to find out that she might end up at other guys houses after finishing with me. Rose's phone would always be lit up with guys from school wanting a piece of her fine ass.
But what she did next surprised me, Rose grabbed the PlayStation remote from the charger and took it back to the bed, "So teach me how to play this silly thing."
"You mean... you want to... play a game?"
"Why wouldn't I?" She stated as if I asked a dumb question, "Now come back up here and tell me how to work this thing."
I had the biggest grin on my face.
This has to be a dream, it couldn't be real. Rose Parker in my bedroom, letting me do all sorts of things to her body before she makes herself comfortable on my bed and asks me to teach her how to play a game on the PlayStation.
Unreal.
Rose was happy to listen as I gave her advice. We then played a couple of different games, multiplayer ones so it was just me and her.
Look... it wasn't as great as the sex and watching my jizz soak her tits... but I loved every second of it.
For me, it was the perfect ending to a day, and for once I wasn't worried about what all the other girls were up to...
***
MILLY
"Thank you for your time Milly," Miss Koriagis said as she opened up her office door for the blonde teenage girl to leave, "If there's anything more you would like to discuss about college or your future, please feel free to come back anytime."
Milly who was almost always a chatterbox, just gave her a somewhat obvious fake smile and left the office as quickly as she could. She found Aaron on the way to the lunch table, and immediately began to whine about everything that had just happened.
"I don't get what she freaking wants from me, all I want to do is go to college in my home state, stay close to my family, party, get decent grades and see where it takes me next," she said while Aaron walked alongside her, nodding, "There's no need for a Plan A and a Plan B and a Plan J, she needs to chill!"
They joined the rest of the Saturday Night Five group and Leo for lunch. When the conversation of 'porn' came up, Milly's mind quickly turned to sex and her mind began to race back to the one issue she was having with her new boyfriend, Aaron.
He had issues finishing...
Before they went off to their afternoon classes, Milly stopped Aaron, seductively looking him in the eyes, "You should come to my place right after school... I've got something I want to show you..."
Aaron nodded, "Sure, I'll see you then I guess."
Milly leaned in and gave her boyfriend more than a little kiss, biting down on his bottom lip. He wasn't expecting the extra sexual attention, almost not knowing what to do with himself.
For the final class of the day, Milly did what she did almost every class... talk all the way through it, learn very little and just hope that Leo will catch her up on the important information she missed. It wasn't really on her mind at the moment anyway as she had certain plans to take care of once she got home.
Together with Aaron, they made their journey back to Milly's place. Neither of her parents were back from work yet. Milly told the young brown haired boy to wait downstairs until she was ready to call him back up.
Aaron sat on her family's sofa couch, waiting for the sound of her loud voice, a signal for him to come upstairs. He perked up when he heard the sound of the bedroom door open, "Oh Mr Bainey... I need your help sir!"
"Sir...?" Aaron muttered to himself as he stood up.
Once he was upstairs and inside Milly's bedroom, his jaw dropped open. Kneeling on her bed was the beautiful busty blonde in a sexy school girl outfit. Her white blouse was tied in a knot, with her big knockers ready to fall out at any second. She had on a very short red platted skirt with white stockings that were attached underneath the skirt.
"Oh sir, I really, really need some assistance..."
Aaron stood in the doorway frozen.
"I know I failed your exam, but the school is threatening to kick me out if I don't pass! Is there anything.... anything at all I can do for you to give me a pass mark... Honestly, I mean anything..."
She gave him her most sexual pose, pushing her heavy chest out further in front of his eyes. When Aaron didn't reply or jump into the scene, Milly had to break character, "Come on Aaron, it's roleplay... just play along," she muttered quietly.
"Um right," he said, closing the door behind him.
Aaron was a little stuck and wasn't exactly using his imagination here, he didn't know what to say or do but he did know that his girlfriend wearing a sexy school girl outfit was only going to end in one thing.
"Well... umm maybe you should let me umm... uhh..."
"Spank me?" Milly helped him out, speaking up for him.
"Uh yes, maybe you should let me spank your bottom."
Milly smirked as she turned around, still kneeling on the bed, "Hmmm very kinky sir, but only if you must..."
The blonde leaned forward, putting herself on hands and knees on top of the bed. The short red skirt hiked up further when she did so, enough for Aaron to see her white panties covering her vagina.
Her ass cheeks were showing plenty but as he moved the skirt up higher, he had an even a better view off her entire ass. The big white cheeks would have had anyone salivating at the thought of touching them.
"I guess I really have been a naughty girl, sir..." she said, in the best innocent tone she could produce.
Aaron who was struggling with the theatrical side of things, wound his hand back and slapped her right cheek with a thud. Her butt wiggled and Milly let out a whimper.
The action was repeated, creating a nice hand print on her behind.
"Awhh yess! harder..."
Aaron kept going, leaving red hand prints on both cheeks. The quiet boy kept going, over and over again. Milly loved every second of it, being spanked by her boyfriend in the role playing fantasy that she was creating to spark up their relationship.
When her ass was redder than it was white, Milly let her boyfriend stop. She re positioned herself to face him, up on her knees. Milly gave him her best seductive look as she slowly began to undo the knot of her white blouse that was keeping her tits covered and in place, "Maybe this might help you make your decision sir."
The white top was untied and her boobs were now freed, those beautiful big knockers in front of his eyes, big rosy pink nipples, "What do you think sir? Do you like?"
Aaron nodded, standing on the spot. Most guys wouldn't have possessed the ability or patience to not reach out and touch them when they were presented like this. Aaron didn't move until Milly grabbed his wrists and put them on her own breasts.
She was forcing him to squeeze them, he was barely moving his hands in the first place. It gave off the impression that he wasn't even interested in her boobs. The whole idea of that to Milly was unthinkable.
Throughout high school, she had so many experiences with boys and her breasts. She'd walk down the corridors, well aware that she had the eyes of boys walking by, all solely looking at her chest.
While Aaron felt her up, Milly went for his cock. From the outside of his trousers, she felt that he was still completely soft. In that moment, the blonde snapped, "Are you fucking kidding me..."
Aaron let go off her breasts instantly as if he had done something wrong, "What's the matter?"
"You're not even hard!" she exclaimed, covering up her own breasts in embarrassment, "Oh my god... you don't find me attractive... you don't think I'm... ugh..."
"Milly, please," Aaron persuaded.
She wasn't having any of it, she covered up the famous Milly Milkers, and turned her back to him, "I think you should leave..."
"Wait, let's be reasonable... you don't want to..."
"No!" she cut him off, "Please... just leave Aaron..."
Milly forced his hand on this one. Whether it was true or not, she was under the impression that Aaron did not find her as attractive as everyone else in her life had.
The doubts crept into the blonde girl's mind for the first time in her life. She couldn't let the thoughts escape her mind. Even after her family dinner, Milly was still reeling over the events of the afternoon. She began to wonder if this was something couples would frequently go through.
Milly picked up the phone and gave Tayla a call. After the first two calls went through to voicemail, she finally picked it up on the third attempt.
"Sorry Milly... this is uh... not a good... time."
"What's going on there? Are you out of breath Tay?"
"No... it's just... oh I'll explain later, anything wrong?"
Milly took her chance to explain her situation and how her new boyfriend was having issues with getting it up and then the ability to finish when he did manage to get hard. She wanted her advice and if she had experienced anything like this before with Declan.
"Sorry Mil, I can't say that's happened with us before. I'm sure it's just nerves or something, you're as gorgeous as ever hun! Anyways, I really have to go... text me tomorrow!"
The nerves factor was something she didn't necessarily buy into. But Milly had the rest of the night to think about it... she checked her phone before heading to bed, seeing a message from Aaron, wanting to see her again.
She ignored it.
***
ANNIE
"Come on girls, it isn't just for boys, it's for everyone, you just have to know what you like. Maybe you don't watch as much since you've got a boyfriend Tay, but you're telling me you haven't watched it before?"
"I didn't say that," Tayla replied in an instant, "I just asked if you watched it much... But yeah I've before... and maybe I still do now too."
"I'm not going to lie, I do too," Katie put her hand up, Milly besides her seconding that.
Sitting next to the others was Annie, the skinny girl, with dyed blonde hair, as popular as they came. She never looked out of place or uncomfortable.
Today however she was, as soon as the conversation of porn had come up. Maybe it was the way she was brought up and the friends she had heading into high school, but the idea of watching porn to her felt wrong. The thoughts of their brief lunch time chat remained in her mind throughout the afternoon.
As she walked out of her final class, on her way home, footballer and former fling Henry Foley approached her. He straightened up his varsity jacket, before putting his hands in the pockets as he walked alongside her, "What's happening tonight?"
"Not much," the blonde responded, "Quiet weekend for me."
"Sounds like you need some company, your place tonight? I'll drop round after dinner."
"Sorry, not tonight."
For Annie, she wanted to use the rest of the school semester as a chance to set herself up for the future. It was a future she didn't necessarily see Henry Foley playing a massive role in.
Not wanting to be caught getting distracted at this time of the year with Henry, "Maybe another time..."
"Oh come on Annie, you said that last week, what's the issue?" Henry exclaimed, frustration in his voice.
The blonde kept walking as she spoke, "I'm just trying to focus on my grades right now... it's not a big deal."
"Yeah... so? I'll help."
Annie scoffed, "Be real Henry, I've seen your grades... that's what happens when you hang out with Declan and Ryan."
Henry stopped Annie from continuing, grabbing her by the arm, "Is this about Hawkins? Are you seeing that little punk tonight?"
She didn't like the way he was pestering her, Annie pulled away his hand, "No it isn't, but I told you to leave him alone! Like I said when we were on holidays, if you ever pull something like that again, you'll be sorry!"
This time Henry Foley took the message, allowing her to leave without being stopped or interrupted again. He muttered swear words under his breath, storming off in the other direction.
For Annie, since she had found out what had happened on New Years Eve between Herny and Leo, she had found it more difficult to be around someone such as him. She had since warned him about getting in Leo's way, with no further incidents occurring.
Annie made her way home after her run in with Henry, trying to focus on a bit of studying. She was eventually interrupted when Tayla came knocking on her front door that evening.
"Get your leggings on babe, we're going for a run!" Tayla said with her hands on hips.
The brunette was in tight black leggings, and a white Nike branded sports bra. Her brown hair tied back in a ponytail. Annie sighed, "I don't have an option do I?"
"Nope, get changed and meet me out here in five," Tayla said.
In five minutes, Annie joined Tayla in the front yard while the brunette was on the lawn doing some standard leg stretches. The two girls then took off together down the street, jogging at a pace they were able to speak to each other in. Annie too had gone with black leggings with a matching black sports bra, keeping her boobs in place.
It was standard girl talk, Tayla had more concerns about Declan, as she had pretty much the entire time that the two had known each other. Annie brought up Henry and how she knew that he very much wanted to take the next step with her.
"You wouldn't ever date him?" Tayla asked.
"No... He's got no future... he may be a great high school boyfriend... he'd be a terrible husband."
The thought of the word 'husband' had Tayla thinking about Declan and whether a world where they stayed together after school would make sense.
As the two finished back on Annie's street, they started to walk again, puffed out from their run. But there was still something on Annie's mind that she wanted to speak out about. She brought up the whole conversation that Rose started at lunch about girls watching porn, she admitted to Tayla that she had never done it, never watched it before. Tayla had always been her closest friend so she knew she could bring this up to her without her speaking to anyone else.
"It's not a big deal An," Tayla told her as they approached her front yard fence, "Whether you watch it not, it really doesn't matter... But you should at least give it a go..."
"I don't know... maybe..."
Outside Annie's house, Tayla made an immediate decision that she was going to force her best friend at having a go at this right now. She followed Annie back inside, the two girls declined Annie's parents offer for food as they went into the blonde girl's bedroom, shutting the door behind them.
"Where's your laptop," Tayla asked.
Annie pointed at the make up desk, her Mac sitting on top, "Are you sure this is a good idea? What if my mom comes in or god forbid my dad..."
"I wouldn't mind your dad coming in..." Tayla winked at Annie as she jumped on top of the bed with the laptop.
"Eww! Tay!"
"Sorry, sorry, just saying, he's kinda hot... anyway doesn't matter, come here, I'll find something for us, and yes we'll delete the search history after."
Her fingertips bashed away at the keyboard as she typed in pornhub.com. Searching through videos, Tayla settled on a more generic home made video of a couple that only ever filmed with each other, "The guy is like great with all the tech stuff, makes the whole home-made thing look like it's done on a real set," Tayla explained, "It's not cheesy, no terrible acting, just two hot people getting it on, you'll like it, I'm telling you."
They sat on the bed and started to watch a few minutes of foreplay, kissing and touching, the man groping his partner's breasts.
"Feel like I'm breaching their privacy..." Annie said softly, trying to hide her inner feelings.
"You're not, they like people watching, they want us to get off on them, that's why they do this... speaking of which..."
Tayla got off the bed and started to pull down her leggings, all the way to the floor, revealing the cotton white panties she was wearing. She jumped back on the bed, but this time slipping underneath the sheets.
"Um are you going to..."
"Yes and it would feel less weirder if you do the same."
Annie ignored what she said for at least a minute. But as she watched the scene in front of her continue to play out, she figured Tayla was right, she would be more comfortable under the sheets.
So she did just that, her leggings were also abandoned on the floor. Tayla who had her hand down the front of her own panties, looked over to her left to see the white Calvin Klein panties that Annie was in. The brunette smirked at her best friend, excited that she was actually willing to give this a go.
They were now both under the sheets in their underwear and sports bras, the laptop on the middle of the bed in between them. The woman in the video unzipped her partners pants and out popped his large erection.
Both Annie and Tayla were aware that the other was definitely touching themselves by this stage. It was odd for the two girls at first, clearly neither had masturbated in front of the other, Annie in particularly was taking a while to get comfortable with the entire situation.
"What do you think of his cock? It's always been so veiny..." Tayla asked Annie quietly.
"It's nice... big... but not too big," she said, before her curiosity got the better of her, "Have you had one that big before?"
As the woman on the screen teased the penis, Tayla nodded in response to her friend's question, "Yes... Declan's is around that size... and I guess that Leo isn't far behind either..."
"Leo's big??" Annie asked with a little too much excitement in her voice, "I mean... not that I care, I don't... I just didn't know."
"He's like the perfect size..."
Tayla left the rest to Annie's imagination as the two kept watching the screen play out. The blonde was aware of what had happened on their New Years holiday, after Tayla had explained to her what had happened.
As the foreplay transitioned into actual sex, Annie found herself more invested in what was in front of her. Before she had her hand just resting inside her panties, but now she had started to move her fingers around a little more, rubbing herself.
Both girls were ignoring the fact that the bed was started to shake. Just like it was in the video with the girlfriend riding her boyfriend in reverse cowgirl.
"Her boobs are so small... I was expecting all pornstars to have giant fake ones," Annie mentioned
"That's just the stereotype... but easy on the criticism, you're speaking to someone who only fits a B cup," Tayla said playfully.
"No, no, no, I love your boobs, they're so cute..."
Tayla wanted to say something about what she had just described her breasts as but she was getting closer to being on the verge of an orgasm. She inserted her two fingers in a little harder, a little faster, they were drenched from her juices. Both girls could feel the warmth of their own vaginas, Annie too was wet, feeling it drip from the lips of her cunt.
Ignoring that her best friend was beside her under the sheets, Tayla kept going harder. Her mouth parted open as her eyes began to flutter. She didn't make any noise, purposely trying to stay quiet but Annie was glancing out of the side of her eye to take notice.
Seeing her friend so comfortable with something like this made Annie feel more at ease herself. As the scene played out, she kept going herself, building towards an orgasm. The couple were fucking each other in multiple positions, every time the woman on the screen got too loud in her moans, one of the girls would quickly turn the volume down a little.
Before the scene ended, Tayla was already there.
"Oooooh ugh..." Tayla muttered as she started to cum.
She quivered, her body gave in and she started to leak more from her tight lips. Body shaking, the sheets below her were getting messy with her juices. In front of her, the scene closed out with the male unloading himself all over his partner's face.
The money shot on camera, Annie too found herself unable to battle her urges. She was overcome with horniness as her lips were now just as wet as Tayla's. The blonde girl was leaking like a faucet, unable to control herself, she let out a high pitch moan, forcing her to cover her own mouth. On the other side of the bed, now just slowly rubbing the outside of her own pussy, Tayla smirked.
"Hey Girls!"
"Oh my god!," Annie panicked, hearing her father's voice echoing from outside her room.
The blonde exited the tab as quickly as she could before her dad knocked at the bedroom door, exclaiming that their were leftovers from dinner that was in the kitchen for them.
"Okay, we'll be down soon!" Annie said, composing herself.
Once they heard his footsteps leave, they couldn't help but break out into a big giggle.
***
TAYLA
Inside the office of Miss Koriagis, the slender beautiful figure of Tayla sat opposite her guidance councillor. She was extremely skeptic, believing that this was a waste of her time.
She listened to her lecturing, clearly trying to get a message across, "You are an extremely talented girl Miss Hodges, you have a bright future ahead of you, as long as you make the right choices in life."
Tayla nodded, hoping that if she went along with Miss Koriagis, this would end quicker.
"Boyfriends and relationships come and go. I just want to make sure you are putting the right priorities first..."
"I am, Miss..."
The councillor looked through her paperwork on the table and frowned, "As long as I've known you, you've had a passion to get into nursing but you've chosen to go through a different route now after school, the same community college as Declan..."
Tayla rolled her eyes, knowing this was about to come up. She added little to the conversation as she was spoken to the same way that her mother speaks to her.
Eventually the meeting session finished and Tayla rushed out of the office doors and into the common room area. She was quick to put her meeting behind her and didn't think about it again until it was brought up at lunch. It didn't matter what Miss Koriagis was telling her, Tayla wasn't ready to listen. As smart as she may have been intellectually, she made some pretty dumb decisions outside of the classroom.
Later that afternoon, Tayla ended up at Declan's place, as she did most afternoons. His house in the United States was even better than the holiday home overseas. Declan came from a family of money and the neighbourhood they lived in was one of the most expensive areas in the entire state. It hurt the brunette's better judgement, always thinking about how nice the future would be, not needing to work, having the perfect home, holidaying to every corner of the globe.
It certainly wasn't the direction that Miss Koriagis wanted her heading in...
That afternoon, the couple had gone straight into Declan's bedroom, which was double the size of Tayla's room. In a particularly horny mood, the quarterback dropped his shorts and underwear and walked around his own bedroom, stroking his own shaft in front of his girlfriend.
"Saw you at gym class today... we were walking past," he said, one hand on his cock, the other opening his own bar fridge inside the bedroom, to take out a cold beer, "Your ass looked smoking in those bike shorts babe... I couldn't stop thinking about it."
"Oh really... mine or Rose's?" she said, crossing her arms.
Declan took a seat in his desk chair, squinting his eyes at her questioning, "I don't follow..."
"You weren't exactly stealthy... I saw you looking and I saw you staring at Rose's butt every time she bent down, giggling like a couple of school girls with your buddies..."
He shook his head, grabbing her by the hand and pulling her closer to him, "That ain't it babe, I fucking love you... and I want you... come on... touch me, touch my dick."
Declan held onto his beer in his left hand as his right hand guided hers to his large erection. She sighed as she was forced onto him. Maybe she should have been stronger with her stance and overall control but Tayla gave into him, squeezing his shaft tightly before slowly stroking him.
He leaned back, took a swig from the beer bottle, "That's it... you are sooo good to me."
"Oh I know I am, you don't need to tell me that," she replied bluntly, stroking his member quickly.
Tayla was used to this sort of behaviour. Demanding sexual acts when he was in this type of mood. It wasn't something the brunette didn't enjoy, it was just there was no even return. Declan didn't focus on her needs, focus on her orgasms for a change, he would never go down on her.
"Let me cum in your mouth babe," he said when her hand work had him close.
She ignored him, jacking him off with more tension with her dominant right hand. The brunette ignored the follow up request, deciding to finish him off here and there, not wanting to go down on him today.
"Tay... Tay... wait... ughh god... fuck!" he huffed, realising it was too late.
Soaking his girlfriend's hand and his own body, including the chair he was sitting on, Declan groaned. Once he had finished, Tayla let go off his shaft immediately, the sexual act was just that, sexual, not a whole amount of love or passion in it.
Once his cock had finally settled from that abrupt eruption, he turned in his chair to face his girlfriend who was wiping off the white sticky liquid from her hand with a bunch of tissues. Declan, covered in his own spunk was only about to make matters worse for himself, "What are you deaf? I said I wanted to finish in your mouth..."
Hearing that, the brunette gritted her teeth, visibly annoyed.
She turned back around and walked right up to him, wiping up cum that was on Declan's body, before opening his mouth and shoving her fingers down it, "You like that? You like it!?"
Pulling away, Declan scoffed, "What the fuck Tay!"
"That's a taste of your own medicine! You don't always get to tell me what to do!" she snapped at her boyfriend, picking up her bag, "And for your information... I'm pretty horny too right now... so maybe if you had been less of a douchebag, I would have let you shove your dick down my throat... think about that next time..."
It was common for this sort of interaction to occur, followed by Tayla storming out.
Leaving the house that afternoon, Tayla went to the same person that she went to every time something like this happened, that person was Annie. The brunette forced her best friend into going on a run with her, keeping her from her attempted studies.
After the conversation about porn came up, Tayla with an urge to masturbate, had ideas of her own. Whether you want to call it manipulation or just helping a friend out, she made Annie pleasure herself while doing the same herself.
That however wasn't the end of things. The two girls went downstairs, now hungry enough for leftovers from dinner. Since it was also Friday Night, they gave themselves the opportunity to indulge in some alcoholic beverages.
After some food, drinks, a bit of banter with Annie's father, Tayla in particular was feeling quite tipsy when they went back upstairs. Annie offered that she could stay the night for a sleepover, like they had done so many times before. The girls would always share clothes, bunk at each others houses, something they had done since they were young.
But there was extra bit of tension in the air tonight after what the girls had just done. They continued to drink in Annie's birthday, giggling and gossiping. Annie had changed into some pyjama short shorts and a baggy t-shirt, while Tayla still just just her own cotton white panties on with her sports bra.
"I wasn't kidding when I said your dad was kinda hot," Tayla laughed again, "Real man's man!"
The blonde whacked her friend with one of her pillows, "Shut up Tay!"
"Hey not just looks, he treats your mom like a princess," the brunette doubled down, "Can't say I've ever had that before."
Like everyone else, Annie had her own opinions on Tayla's relationship with Declan. Toxic would have also been the word she described it as but previous situations made Annie well aware that she couldn't say much to change her best friend's mind.
"So he hasn't really changed then?"
Tayla shrugged, "I mean... some days he's great, and I call feel the love, feel him trying... other days not so much..."
Annie paused for a moment before saying something that she didn't know if Tayla would receive well or not, "Tay... when you told me what happened with you and Leo, I knew there and then that whatever this 2.0 relationship with Declan is, it wasn't working or won't work for the long run. If he's drives you far enough way to feel like you need to cheat on him to feel better, then it's not healthy."
Usually Tayla would cut someone off who was trying to help them with something like this. Tell them they didn't know what they were talking about. But instead she stayed quiet, and just listened to Annie.
"I know you, you're a beautiful soul, you deserve better."
"Ugh... why are guys are such dicks," Tayla sighed.
"Ditto to that sister," Annie said, putting her fist out.
They embraced with a fist bump and a giggle. Whether it was the alcohol talking or a sense of clarity, Tayla had an urge to do something she hadn't experienced to the full extent before.
Her piercing blue eyes met with Annie's, they were still drinking and maybe that was playing a factor in decision making but Tayla found hers Le leaning inwards.
"Have you ever wondered what it might be like... to you know..."
The brunette's questioning was broad that without her body language, Annie would have no idea what she was suggesting. But her face was showing signs of lust as she leaned in to her blonde friend.
"Tay..." Annie said softly, aware of what was happening.
Tayla shuffled forward on the bed, crossed legged in front of her friend, "It doesn't have to mean anything, just two friends... experimenting... I just want to see what's it like."
"Tay you know how much I love you but I'm not into girls and I don't think you are either. If anything, this is just further proof that you need to get out of this relationship if he's turning you off boys," Annie suggested.
"But I'm not, im not saying that I'm done with guys, I still want dick... I love dick! I just want to further explore my sexuality, that's all," she explained, as she put her hand on Annie's leg.
The blonde didn't push her away, not even when Tayla's hand went further up her leg, towards her thigh.
"Look it's okay, you can say no," the brunette then explained.
Annie took a moment to ponder what she was being told. She didn't have the same drive to explore her sexuality like Tayla but she also wasn't turned off by the idea of at least trying something.
"Well... my vajayjay is off limits... but I'll humour you, only because it's you, I wouldn't try this with anyone else," she finally let in.
Tayla just smiled as she leaned in, touching the back of Annie's head, running her hands through her hair. She was leading as the more dominant of the two girls, she put her lips on Annie's. Their soft puckered lips mashed together as the girls very slowly worked up their pace.
Their bodies were pressed together now, warming each other up. They weren't just pecking at each other's lips either. Both girls used their tongues on one another, especially Tayla who was shoving it inside Annie's mouth. The smell of alcohol was strong on their breaths, drinking from the same bottles of wine.
In a bedroom that was mostly dark except for the bedside lamp that remained on, all that could be heard was the sound of tongues clashing against one another. Tayla didn't know how Annie was feeling about this, the brunette was still trying to work out what this all meant for herself. Was this just a moment of sexual frustration that she was trying to get out? Or was this something a little more serious? Could it be possible that a one-time experiment might lead to something more?
She started to wonder that a little bit more as the brunette made her next move. Tayla lowered her hands to Annie's chest, she squeezed her breasts from the outside of her shirt. The blonde 18-year-old didn't oppose so it gave her more confidence to take off the top completely.
Freeing up Annie's perky breasts, Tayla whipped off her own sports bra as well, out popping her smaller breasts. They had seen each others breasts many times before, sharing showers when they were young, locker rooms at school, sleepovers and more... but this scenario was so different, so personal, so private.
As they resumed kissing, Tayla's hands moved liked magnets to Annie's breasts. She was delicate with them, softly fondling her breast. She rubbed both of her nipples with her two thumbs. The sizeable nubs were hardening just by her soft touch.
Their bodies closed in on one another. Closer and closer until they were both pressed up against each other. Both sets of breasts were now squished together. The girls used their hands on each others backs, the hesitation from Annie seemed to slowly disappear as she seemingly enjoyed the sensual moment she was sharing with her female friend.
It wasn't until Tayla's phone started to go off, vibration on Annie's bedside table.
The buzzing alerted Annie enough to stop where they were.
"Just leave it," Tiffany said softly, not wanting for things to stop.
Annie picked it up though, passing it back to Tayla, making her take the call. Seeing the caller ID and knowing it was Milly, the brunette sighed as she answered knowing the chatterbox could easily hold her up for long.
"Sorry Milly... this is uh... not a good... time," Tayla said answering the call, still panting a little bit from the heated passion of the room.
"What's going on there? Are you out of breath Tay?" Milly asked.
"No... it's just... oh I'll explain later, anything wrong?"
Tayla instantly regretted asking as Milly took her time to explain her current awkward situation about her new boyfriend and how he was having issues with getting it up and then the ability to finish when he did manage to get hard. The busty blonde wanted her advice and if she had experienced anything like this before with Declan.
"Sorry Mil, I can't say that's happened with us before. I'm sure it's just nerves or something, you're as gorgeous as ever hun! Anyways, I really have to go... text me tomorrow!"
When Tayla put down the phone, she wanted to instantly continue off from where they had stopped. But the minor break had only seemed to cool Annie off, potentially she started to think a little more sober about it.
She was shying away from more action.
"Maybe we should leave it at that, finish on a high," she suggested.
As much as Tayla was still intrigued about trying more, she respected her friend's boundaries and nodded, understanding her preference here, "We didn't make things awkward between us did we?"
Annie scoffed at that question, "Of course not. You made me watch porn, we got off simultaneously and now hooked up, if that's not a bonding experience, I don't know what is."
The two girls shared a laugh, a little before Annie left the room to have a shower.
This left Tayla alone on the bed, still topless. She was left with her thoughts as she tried to piece it all together. Innocent teenage exploration or something deeper?
---
ROSE
It was a still a decently warm afternoon in town, despite the threatening grey skies above. So Rose Parker never felt chilly on her way home, wearing a white skirt that showed off plenty of leg.
She was on her way back to her house after school. Lately it was a walk that Rose dreaded every afternoon, knowing where she was going and who would be there.
Walking to her front door, the words from Miss Koriagis from her meeting earlier today rung in her mind.
'How's your home life?'
The short brunette opened the front door to her house, stepping inside cautiously.
'Are you sure everything is okay at home?'
Miss Koriagis's voice still in the back of her mind as she walked into her own kitchen. Sensing that she might actually be alone, Rose began to calm her mind down a little.
She went straight to her fridge, opening it up wide. Standing there for a minute or two, Rose kept the door open as she picked at a leftover fruit platter before skulling some juice right from the bottle.
"Anyone teach you some proper manners?"
Rose's heart sunk as she realised her mom's drug addict boyfriend was in the house.
He was now standing at the other end of the kitchen, blue jeans and a grey tank top, the outline of a tattoo viewable from his chest.
The older man walked over to Rose and the fridge, taking the juice bottle from her hand, "Guess you don't mind sharing," he said, obnoxiously copying her with the bottle.
Rose cringed as juice leaked from the bottle as he held it to his mouth, running down his chin. When full, he took it away from his mouth, letting out a burp, the opposite of gentlemanly.
"You're sure quiet today kiddo," he then said, up close in her personal space.
"Long day."
The man looked down at the skirt she was in, smirking to himself, "So do you put out wearing stuff like that or are you just an attention whore who likes to be a cock tease?"
The comment was bad enough alone but making the moment worse was the way his left hand tried to hike its way up underneath her skirt to grab a handful of ass. Feeling his hand make the move, Rose pushed her mother's boyfriend away with force, stepping back.
A threatening look on her face, Rose pointed a finger at him, "Don't you fucking dare!" she may have been short in stature but the brunette could be intimidating as anyone, "You'll fucking regret it if you try and touch me again."
The boyfriend put his hands up, in mock afraidness, "We've been through this before Rose, your mom doesn't give a shit what you say, you and I both know who she'd believe."
Well aware that he may be right, having experienced situations like this already, Rose didn't continue a verbal argument. As she had done many times before, she stormed away without another word. Rose moved up to her bedroom, packed a small bag of clothes and a few essential items and left the house immediately, not waiting for her mom to return home.
At first, she didn't know where she was going, she just started walking. As angry as she was, this was now becoming quite a trend. She cursed to herself about the jerk that was staying at their place, living off her mothers hard work.
Taking time on the walk to compose herself, Rose eventually ended up in front of Leo's house. The last thing she wanted was to speak about what was happening at home, Rose did everything she could when not at home to pretend like none of those problems existed.
"Rose! What a lovely surprise! Come right in," Leo's mother said, opening the door to let her in.
"Thank you Miss Hawkins," she replied politely.
She was welcomed in as she always was with open arms. Something about Leo's place just felt right, a real sweet family vibe. A happy relationship between the parents, a son who was so different to her had now become one of her closest friends.
Upstairs with him that night, Rose let Leo do whatever he wanted with her. She found it so enjoyable to just watch his eyes widened at something as simple as the sight of her tits.
After he had blown his load twice, Leo was expecting that Rose might end up leaving. But there was nowhere else was Rose to go and there was also no particular place that she preferred to be right now than right here. Taking hold of the PlayStation remote from the charger as she sat on his bed, she tried to learn a thing or two about his interests.
"Teach me how to play this silly thing."
"You mean... you want to... play a game?"
"Why wouldn't I? Now come back up here and tell me how to work this thing."
The look of excitement on his face was almost as good as the look he had given her before when he was spunking all over his chest. The next couple of hours was spent in front of the PlayStation as Leo showed Rose the ropes.
She may not have found a serious interest in playing video games that night but she still enjoyed the evening, just hanging out. To Leo, it just felt like even more proof that the idea of these girls just using him for their grades was so incorrect.
At one stage of the night, he left the room momentarily to go to the bathroom. Leaving his phone on the floor, in front of Rose, she made no hesitation to pick it up when it started to ring while he was away. Curious, she was interested to see that it was Katie ringing at this hour.
"What up K-dog," she said, answering the call.
"Wait... Rose? Is that you?"
"Yup, just staying the night at Leo's, why? What's up?"
There was a pause before she responded as Leo returned to the bedroom.
"Nothing, just homework stuff, it can wait until morning, Bye Rose."
Rose looked a little confused as she put down the phone. Back in the room, Leo asked the brunette who was there. She explained that it was Katie but that she would call back the following day because it wasn't urgent.
Leo shrugged it off, not thinking about it much further.
----
KATIE
"Fuck... what was I thinking..." Katie muttered to herself as she dropped her phone on the bed.
After her conversation with Leo earlier today, the busty 18-year-old girl couldn't stop thinking about the potential future with him. Nearby colleges, most likely away from the other members of Saturday Night Five.
She would deny to anyone about having any feelings whatsoever about Leo. But if you strapped her down to a lie detector test, it would be clear that isn't 100% true.
Katie took a shower that night, a longer one that usual as she sat on the ground, letting the water soak her stunning body and dark hair. She regretted calling Leo, now finding out that she had company, Rose of all people.
Rose Parker was widely recognised as the hottest girl at school. The tease had the ability to wrap any male around their finger in an instant. The other girls of the SNF were certainly aware of that too. Although it wasn't a talking point amongst them, they all had those thoughts from time to time. From Tayla's fears about Declan's past history with Rose to Katie's concerns that Leo would never choose her over the brunette tease.
Katie left the shower that night when the water started to lose its ultimate heat. She stepped out, dried herself off slowly, her big breasts dripping water on the bath mat below her.
Retreating back to her bedroom, she glanced at her iPhone, wondering if Leo may have since messaged her.
Right away, she saw that there was one new message. But it wasn't from Leo, it was Henry Foley of all people...
Henry: Hey, you up? xx