A few days had passed since my night in the common room. V and I continued to play our game but kept it much more low key, things in private, in my room, nothing that pushed me too far. The more time that passed the more I could feel myself starting to yearn for that rush of risk, of being somewhere where I might get caught. Don't get me wrong, I love our private time too, V and I trying to be one, but that little something extra was what I started to want again.
Me: Hey... so I think I'm ready to do something a little more risky again...
V: You sure?
Me: Ya...
V: Well if you're sure, we can of course, I want you to enjoy yourself
V: But I don't want you to do anything you don't want to do
Me: Ya, I know, and I think I overreacted a little last time...
Me: Nothing bad has happened since that night
Me: So it wasn't nearly as big a deal as I thought
Me: I bet those people didn't even care!
Me: haha
V: lol, you're probably right
V: Well OK... tomorrow then...
V: I'll send you a message sometime and we'll do something
*************************************************
It was the next day and I was going through my day as calmly as possible, but my mind kept racing back to V. It was the afternoon now and I was in the library studying, sitting in a semi-private "quiet area" trying to get some work done. With my head down in my books, and my headphones on listening to music on my laptop. I heard a ping. I flipped over my phone but didn't see anything there. My eyes went up to my computer and I saw a message from V on skype instead.
V: Hey babe... sorry my phone is dead... what are you doing?
I opened Skype properly and typed back
Me: Hey... just in the library studying
Me: How was your day?
V: It was good... better now they we're talking ;)
Me: Mine too! lol
We chatted with small talk back and forth for a few mins until V turned things up.
V: So... do you want to play?
Me: Here?
V: Well you said you were ready to do something more risky again
V: You need to be OK with it though
I thought about it for a minute, thinking about last time in the common room, how it felt, how I was scared and embarrassed, but also how nothing bad happened afterwards. The more I thought about it the more I focused on how good it all felt too, the risk, the anxiousness, people looking at me, how turned on I was, how wet my pussy was. There was only one conclusion.
Me: Yes... lets play!
As soon as I typed I could feel my temperature rise, my blood start to rush through my body, my fingers started to tingle, anxiousness flowing over me. The rush of being in public was hitting me.
V: Well ok then!
V: Step one, turn on your webcam.
I clicked through Skype and turned on my webcam so V could see me.
V: Step too, get up and show me what you're wearing.
I pushed my chair back and stood up from the desk, moving backwards a few steps so V could see everything I had on. Pink flip flops, grey baggy sweatpants and a baggy black hoodie. I was dressed for comfort. I looked back at the screen.
V: Take the hoodie off
I did as she said, reaching up and pulling my hoodie over my head and placing it in a pile on the desk. Now I was wearing a tight white tank top with no bra. The cooler air flowed over my nipples and I could feel them get harder, starting to poke through the fabric.
V: Show me your panties babe
This was feeling a little different, more demanding almost. There was no small talk, no asking if I'm OK with what was happening, just a direction. I didn't protest or argue, I just did as I was told. Maybe it was using skype, maybe it was because I was standing, maybe it was because I loved the feeling. Who knows.
My right hand moved down and pushed down my sweat pants exposing the front of my leopard panties with blue lace edging.
V: Show me your ass...
I turned around and pulled my sweatpants down further, bending over a little so V got a good view. I was getting so turned on showing V like this, out in the open, in the library. Anyone could walk by and see my. My pussy was getting wet. I wanted nothing more than to feel V's tongue on my pussy while I moaned her name. I turned around to look at the screen.
V: Very nice...
V: You're so sexy
V: Sit in the chair, but far enough so I can see you
I did as she said, setting up so she could see me. I was too far away from my laptop to type so I would have to speak or nod for any responses. Or of course just do as I'm told.
V: Open your legs
My legs slowly spread in the chair as I bit my lip. Yes, I fucking love this I thought to myself.
V: Rub your pussy over your sweat pants.
My hand reached down and touched the fabric right over my wet and waiting pussy. I could feel the two layers of fabric between my fingers and my pussy. The roughness of them turned me on even more, they felt good, rubbing over my sensitive mound and clit.
V: Use your other hand to rub your hard stomach babe
I did as I was told. My other hand moved up from the chair arm and along my body rubbing my hard stomach over the tank top.
V: Keep going, caress your beautiful tits...
The hand followed it's instructions, moving up further until it reached my tits. Tits. That was the first time that V had called them that. Something about the word drove me crazy. It was dirtier, sluttier, harsher than usual. I loved it. I wanted more of it. I instinctively licked my lips as my hands continued their work.
V: Pinch your nipples...
I smiled back at V, and did as she told me. I didn't question anything. Whatever she said I would do at this point. I was in some kind of zone, hidden from the world back here in the library, but also open to others. My pussy was dripping wet as the rough fabric continued to play with my clit. My nipples were hard as a rock as I continued to pinch them, switching back and forth. I wanted more it. If I was scared before, now I was excited. The more V pushes me the more I want to go forward. Two steps forward, one step back.
V: Babe... don't freak out...
Instantly I tensed up. My hand fell from my nipples, but my other hand kept slowly rubbing my pussy.
V: Someone just sat down kind of behind you...
I think V could see my eyes grow in shock
V: I don't think she noticed anything... but she can see you for sure if you keep going
For some reason, probably just a shocked reaction, I turned my head around to see who was sitting there. As soon as I saw them I knew who it was. I didn't know their name, but it was definitely one of the girls who say my little show in the common room. Meg maybe? As I look at her I see her smile at me. Did she know what I was doing? My head quickly turned back to the screen.
V: Do you know her?
I nodded my head in response
V: From where?
I tried to whisper back to her "the common room".
V: Oh.... well I think she recognizes you...
V: She keeps looking over and smiling...
For some reason I smiled back at the screen.
V: You know you're still rubbing your pussy right? Lol
I didn't, I hadn't. I was sitting there with a person from my dorm behind me and I was still rubbing my pussy.
V: I think she can see you... I'm not 100% sure though..
I could feel my face getting red, my breathing increasing, the stress flowing over my... but my hand kept rubbing.
V: Do you want to find another spot?
My mind raced. Did I want to find another spot? Part of me was screaming "YES" in my head. To get out and be safe, to not be caught, not let this go any further. But deep down I knew I didn't want that. I wanted to keep going, to be seen, to please V, to show off. Two steps forward. That's now.
I shook my head no.
V: Do you want to stop?
I shook my head no again.
V: Are you sure babe?
I nodded yes as I rubbed my pussy faster. The rush was driving through me. I needed more.
V: Well if you're sure, we might as well continue then ;)
V: bring your other hand back to your tits and start to rub them.
I did as I was told and started to run my tits over my shirt. My tongue was running over my lips. My heart was racing. Doing all of this while I knew someone was so close to me, maybe even watching me was turning me on like never before. I could feel my breathing increase every second. The nervousness, anxiousness, it was all running through me. I was aware of what I was doing, but also floating on lust.
V: you're so sexy!
V: omg you're amazing!
V: slide your hand inside your pants and keep rubbing your pussy
No hesitation on my part. My back was still towards the girl from my floor. I didn't know if she was looking, but I didn't care either. Slowly my hand moved inside my waistband and down to feel my pussy over my panties, I went back to rubbing myself, running a finger up and down my slit, and then returning to my clit.
V: mmmm good girl.
V: do you want to know if the girl is looking at you? ;)
I feel my head nod yes without thinking and smile.
V: She keeps turning her head from her book to you, but it's obvious she's more interested in you lol
My hand rubs my clit a little harder reading the words V wrote.
V: Do you want to keep going?
It wasn't even a question anymore. All I wanted to do was to keep going. To keep seeing where this feeling would take me. At this moment I didn't care if I was caught, if people saw me, if they stared, it just didn't matter. I was too turned on, too horny. I might feel regret after, tomorrow, next week, but right now I just felt out of control and I loved it.
I nodded my head yes while biting my lip.
V: yes babe...
V: pull your shirt up over your tits..
My face turned red as I hesitated. V wanted me to be exposed here in public, not covered by anything. If someone walked by, or looked too closely they would see me for sure, sitting there, breasts out in the open, a hand in my pants rubbing my pussy.
V: do it...
The forcefulness of her message pushed me over the edge. I was realizing that her being rough, not backing down, not being sweet, that was what I wanted and needed to push me where I wanted to go.
My free hand reached down and grabbed the lower hem of my tank top and started to pull it up. Inch by inch I felt the fabric move over my stomach. I stopped just below my chest and took a deep breath before pulling the shirt the rest of the way up. It rested on top of my tits, and now they were out in the open. Anyone who walked by on my right could see them, and my hand down my pants. My heart was racing, I could feel my pussy getting wetter by the second as my hand continued to rub it over my panties. For some reason, and I'm not sure why, I turned my head to my left to see if the girl from my floor was watching. To my semi-surprise she was.
Our eyes met as she looked at me. She knew what I was doing, she could see the edges of my shirt bunched up, but not my breasts. I smiled back and she smiled at me. I couldn't believe I turned and looked at her while doing what I was doing.
My hand kept working my pussy, up and down, I could feel the wetness through my panties now. My fingers pressed harder, I could feel them trying to tear through the fabric, to touch my skin, to slip inside. I was waiting for V to give me permission. Permission? I wanted to do what she told me to do, even though I knew what I wanted. The fear of getting caught was growing, but it made everything more exciting. The longer I was exposed, the longer my shirt was pulled up the more chance there was of being caught, of someone walking past and seeing me. Even with that fear I knew that there was someone watching me behind me. For some reason, knowing she was watching, and enjoying it, was making the whole experience even hotter.
V: You're such a hot slut...
V: My slut...
V: You love this don't you?
Slut. The word shot through me like a bullet of lust. My head fell back a little as I said it over and over in my head, thinking of V saying it to me, whispering it into my ear as I sit in the open playing with myself.
I nod my head to affirm that I love what is happening while smiling.
V: Do you love when I call you a slut? My slut?
I nod again. I do love it. I love it so much.
V: Say it...
V: Say you're my slut
My face was shocked, and V could tell. It turned bright red. Say it out loud? Here? Even if I whispered there was a chance someone would hear it. I was stuck between two places. One side being turned on more than ever before, showing myself in a public place, so close to being caught and loving every minute, and the other side, the consequences. If I get caught what would happen? Would I be expelled? Would I be shamed? Would I have to leave school? The thoughts kept battling it out in my mind. But there was always going to be one clear winner.
"I'm your slut" I whispered at V, hoping that she was the only one that heard me.
V: Louder...
I took a deep breath... "I'm your slut V" I said louder, in my regular voice. My fingers pushed harder onto my pussy as I moaned.
I heard a pen or pencil drop behind me. My fingers stopped. She heard me. I just knew it. My face blushed, my heart raced. What have I just done?
V: Relax babe... you're so fucking sexy, so slutty
V: I love you
V: She heard you... but she loves it... trust me.... I can tell
V: Keep rubbing your pussy... you slut ;)
My mind was running through all of the possibilities. She loved it? What did V mean she loved it? I moved my hand back into my pants and started to rub my pussy again. I was so wet, I'm sure you could see it through my panties. The nervousness, the anxiousness was mixing with my horniness in a way that was intoxicating. The risk with the lust was like a drug.
V: Slide your pants down
I stared at the screen for a second in shock.
V: Do it slut
V: You know you want to do it
"OK" I said out loud, less worried about who heard me this time. I knew the girl behind me was looking at me, she would see what I was doing. My hands reached the sides of my pants and I lifted my legs a little so I could slide them under my ass. I pushed them down to just above my knees. My eyes went down to my panties and the spot of wetness was impossible not to notice.
V: Wow babe, you're so wet!
V: I wish I was there to taste you... ;)
V: Obviously you're loving this!
I nodded back with a smile. I did love it, so much.
V: Ready for some more?
"Yes" I said out loud again.
V: Pull your panties to the side and keep rubbing your cunt..
Cunt. The word hit me like a smack across the face. My mouth fell open. I was floored by the word, what V just said to me. I bit my lip letting the word sink in. Cunt. Slut. This is what V was saying to me now. Not the sweet words she used before, now the dirty, nasty, sexual words of cunt, and slut. It shocked me how much they affected me, how much it was like a bolt of lightning running through me. I thought I would hate them, but I loved them, I loved when she said them, how they made me feel. How it made my cunt feel, and how it made me feel like a slut. My hands moved down to my panties and pulled them to the side.
"Say it again" I said back to V softly, a little embarrassed, and overwhelmed by what was happening.
V: What?
"What you just said..." I say back, desperately.
V: You mean the C word ;)?
"Yes!" I needed to hear it again so badly.
V: CUNT
V: Touch your cunt you slut.
Reading those words felt so good. My head fell back as I rubbed my bare cunt out in the open. Being exposed, being a slut felt so amazing. I felt like I was shaking trying to contain all of the feelings I was having.
Through all of this I knew the girl behind me was staring at me. I could feel her eyes on me. She knew what I was doing, but couldn't see much from her angle. Exposed but hidden.
V: That girl is basically just staring at you now.
V: Does that make you feel scared?
I nod yes.
V: But does it also make you feel good? Feel slutty?
I nod yes again.
V: Good girl. Now I know how much of a slut you are.
I smile while reading V's words. I know she is right now. This feeling is just too good. I am still worried about the consequences, but in the heat of the moment I don't care.
V: Do you want to show her more? Show her how big of a slut you are?
"I don't know" I reply in a low tone. It was true, I wasn't sure.
V: Would it make you feel even sluttier if she saw more?
I nodded yes, and it was the truth, of course I would feel sluttier if I showed someone I didn't even know my exposed body.
V: Does feeling slutty make you horny?
I nod yes again.
V: And do you like feeling slutty and horny?
I nodded yes again. I knew where V was going with this. Using logic was evil.
V: Well then I think you should do what makes you feel good then
V: Don't you agree? ;)
I couldn't argue with her. I loved feeling slutty and horny. Right now I would do almost anything to feel more of it. I nodded again with a big smile.
V: Good
V: Look back at the girl and ask her if she wants to come and watch.
"You mean... for her to come here and watch?"
V: Yes
V: Now do it my slut
That word again, slut, I couldn't resist. My hand moved off my pussy and I pushed myself a little more straight in my chair. My pants at my knees, panties exposed and my tits uncovered. I took a deep breath and spun slightly on my chair. My legs continued to point towards my desk, but my back twisted and my chest came into view of the girl behind me. Her face looked shocked as I turned. At first she tried to turn away, to hide the fact that she was looking, but we both knew she was caught. I smiled at her trying to calm her down. Calm HER down, how was I now the calm one? She smiled back, obviously not sure what to do, or what was going on.
"Hey" I said, not knowing how I was supposed to start this conversation.
She smiled back "Hi"
"Ummmm, do you like what you've been watching?" It was so awkward, it did not come out how I wanted.
"I'm so sorry... I didn't mean to stare at you... I'll leave..." She said back to me sheepishly. Obviously my words confused the situation more then helped it.
"No!" I replied way too loudly. "Sorry, I didn't mean that" I laughed a little, feeling suddenly more relaxed about the situation.
She looked back confused.
"I really meant DID you like it?... I liked that you watched..." I said it the only way I knew how.
At first she stared, obviously not sure how to reply to such a comment. "Uh... well ya... I mean it was sexy as hell" she smiled with a little chuckle.
"Well... if you'd like to see more you can..." I thought for a second on what that meant "you can come sit closer if you want?" That worried feeling started to come up again, not about being seen, but about judgement, about this girl who's name I didn't know judging me and telling others.
Silence for a few seconds as my mind started to panic.
"Oh, ya, I'd love to watch you!" Her excitement surprised me as I smiled back.
I couldn't believe I was about to let someone watch me do what V told me to do, in public. Have her sit right beside me and watch, to see how slutty I was. The rush was amazing.
V: Tell her to sit beside you, I want to watch her too...
I of course followed my orders. I told the girl to come up and sit beside me and she did eagerly. As she picked up her chair and bag I saw her for the first time. She was sexy, long black hair flowing down her white school embroidered hoodie. Her legs being shown off in her jeans shorts, and her feet in a pair of birkenstocks. I could see in her eyes the excitement she was feeling as she walked over. It was obvious she couldn't wait to see what I was doing.
She put the chair down to my right blocking me off from the library a little bit more. I spun back around facing my computer. She sat down, legs close together, her hands in her lap, he bag on the ground beside her. My eyes went back up to the screen and I saw a new message from V.
V: She's really sexy...
"Uhhhhhh... Who's that?" I heard the girl beside me say. Her tone was a little off put as she obviously didn't realize she was being watched. My head turned as I looked at her a little worried.
"Oh! Sorry. I didn't mention that my girlfriend is watching me... or telling me what to do is more accurate" I tried to reassure her with a small smile.
"Uh... OK. So she is watching you, and telling you what to do?"
"Ya, basically... I mean I don't have to do anything, but I like her telling me what to do, it turns me on, soooooo ya." I was feeling a little embarrassed. Maybe this semi-stranger didn't like what was happening as much as I thought? Maybe the control, the demands, the domination was a little too much?
"Oh. Well. OK. So she can see me too?"
V: Hey... ya I can see you too... hopefully that's OK
V: You're very sexy btw ;)
I looked up at the girl and saw her smile. V just had a way with us apparently.
"Well, I guess it's OK" she said as I could feel some of the fear come off her shoulders.
"Just relax and watch" I said sounding like I've done this a million times "It's just for fun" I smile at her as she smiles back, her legs still closed and her hands still in her lap.
V: Get back to rubbing your pussy slut...
My hand did as it was told. I was even wetter now having someone sitting beside me watching. Even more turned on. I rubbed my exposed pussy, looking up at the girl beside me. I could see she was shocked by the words on the screen, but her eyes were intently watching what was happening between my legs. Watching her watching me was amazingly sexy.
V: Slide down in the chair and put your feet up on the desk...
Again, no questions, just action. My flip flops fell off my feet as I slide down in my chair and propped my wide open legs up on the desk. Anyone walking past us would be able to see what was going on. My tits out in the open, my legs spread, my hand rubbing my pussy.
V: Finger your cunt
With one hand I slide a finger into my waiting hole. I was so wet, so horny, it slipped in so easily. I moaned out loud, turning my head to look at the girl. Her mouth was open, she was in shock, I could see her face turn red when she noticed I was looking at her. I smiled back and licked my lips as I pushed my finger deeper into my cunt.
I was feeling so slutty, so horny I would do anything at that point, it didn't matter. The consequences might affect me later but right now I didn't care.
V: Ask the girl what her name is...
I knew she could see the screen too, so I just looked at her and waited.
"Meghan... uh Meg" came out in a stutter. I was right, her name was Meg, from my floor, who I will see again and again.
V: Hi Meg...
"Hi"
V: Do you want to touch my gf's tits while she fucks herself?
No hesitation this time. "Yes".
V: Then go ahead sweetie.
V is calling Meg sweetie and me slut. The contrast was so hot. I was the slut. The dirty whore. The one that was so turned on, so horny she would let an almost stranger touch her tits in public while I fuck myself with my finger. Who am I?
I felt Meg's hand reach over and land on my right tit as I continued to finger myself. She was gently massaging it looking at me making sure it was OK.
"Mmmmmm" I moaned out loud, trying to be as quiet as possible.
V: Come on slut, tell her what you want her to do
I looked at the screen and then back at Meg. "Play with my nipple" I said to her, our eyes locked together. "Mmmm" I moaned again as she did it.
"Harder... FUCK" It felt so good to feel Meg squeeze my nipple as I fingered my hungry cunt. I closed my eyes and let the feelings rush over me.
V: Two fingers you dirty slut
I heard the message come through and opened my eyes to read it. No time needed, a second finger entered my hole while Meg was now pinching my other nipple.
"Mmmm yes... I love this... I love it!"
V: Come on slut... you can be nastier than that... tell us both how you feel
I couldn't handle what was happening, I was so exposed, on display, playing with an almost stranger, being told to do so by my girlfriend, fingering myself, having my nipples pinched.
"I feel so slutty! I feel like such a slut!" My eyes closed again.
V: Good girl...
V: I think Meg should feel good too...
V: Don't you agree?
I nod and then look over to Meg who is unsure of what is about to happen.
V: Good... undo Meg's shorts.
My eyes open wide as I turn to look back at Meg. Her eyes echo mine. I can see the fear and excitement running through her. Now V was controlling both of us, making us both horny by telling us what to do out in public.
"Do you want me too?" I said softly to Meg, looking into her eyes.
She gently nodded, not completely sure, but enough to keep going. My hand came off my pussy and I involuntarily brought it up to my mouth and sucked off the juices. I wanted to do this so my fingers weren't wet when I touched Meg, but I realized after how slutty this must have been. My hand moved over and touched her right knee and slowly eased it open. No resistance. I slide up her thigh on to her jeans and moved over to her button. Her hand was now off my nipple and by her side, she leaned back a bit, watching as my hand started to release her jeans. I saw her bite her lip. She was locked in anticipation. The button came undone with a pop and I moved to her zipper, slowly pulling it down, watching her watch my hand. As the zipper moved down her yellow lace panties came into view. I smiled. Her shorts were now undone completely, sitting open beside me.
We both looked back at the screen for instructions.
V: Mmmm very good girls
V: Meg you're so sexy
V: Babe you're so slutty
V: I love it
V: I want you both to play with yourself
V: Slut, I want three fingers deep in your sexy cunt
V: Meg, just make yourself feel good, however you want.
Meg and I both looked at each other and got to work. I dug two fingers back into my awaiting hole and then a third beside it. It felt tight but amazing, stretching myself out infront of V and Meg. In and out my fingers went as I tried to bury them in as deep as possible.
V: Harder slut, fuck yourself hard!
"Fuck yes" I said and I saw Meg turn to look at me in shock turning again to look at the screen. My fingers started to ram inside my hole, out and in, harder and harder. I could hear the sloppiness of my hole, the sound of my wet as my fingers fucked me as hard as I could. "FUCK FUCK FUCK" I said again as my head rolled back. I didn't care who saw me anymore, even the consequences didn't seem to matter. I looked over at Meg and her eyes were closed too as her hand was in her shorts and panties playing with her clit. Her hand moving faster and faster as her eyes opened and locked on to mine. I kept fucking my cunt harder pushing my fingers in as deep as they would go, up to the last knuckle.
V: Tell me what you are
I read the message and replied. "I'm a fucking slut."
V: More! Let it go... say what you want
Fuck I loved this! "I'm a fucking public slut, a whore, I love to fuck my cunt where anyone can see, I don't care who sees! I'm such a nasty fucking slut!"
V: mmmm good girl.
I heard a bunch of muffled sounds coming from beside me and I saw Meg convulsing in her chair, obviously cumming. Right after I said what I said? Her eyes were closed as she flopped lower into her chair riding the wave of her ecstasy.
Seeing her cum made me even hotter. My fingers were ramming my cunt as hard as I could. I brought my other hand over and started playing with my clit.
V: That's it slut... cum for me in the library like a dirty public whore.
V: Cum now!
It was too much for me. The three fingers, the roughness, the words, my hand on my clit, Meg beside me, being in public, my legs up on the table, everything. "FUCCKKKKKKKKK" I came hard "HOLYSHIT... FUCKKKK" I said again. Convulsing in my chair. Someone must have heard me. Meg's eyes flung open. She knew I was loud. She tried so hard to be quiet and I basically just yelled. I couldn't help myself. It was the hardest I had ever cum. Right there in public. Anyone could have seen me. Maybe someone did. I didn't care. My three fingers slowed there attack on my hole as they eventually slide out covered in my slime. I brought them up to my mouth and licked them clean one by one. My eyes moving between my webcam and Meg. I was sitting there, in my chair, legs up, tits out, cum covered fingers in my mouth and I loved it.
V: Good girl
V: I love you
V: I knew you were a slut inside
V: Isn't that right?
"Yes" I said back seductively.
V: We need to do this again soon, you obviously love it, and I love watching you.
V: Don;t you agree Meg? ;)
I looked at Meg and she nodded slowly. I smiled to myself.
V: Message me later babe... I mean slut lol.
And with that V was gone, logged off. Leaving Meg and me here alone, and exposed.
"Uhhhh well that was fun" I said to Meg laughing a little.
"That was the sexiest thing ever! Seriously. You're so hot. How long have you been doing this?"
"Honestly, this is my first time going anywhere near this far." I took a minute to gather my thoughts "The night in the common room, where you uhhh, saw me? Well that scared me a little, but today I just let it all out"
"Wow. I mean ya I saw you in the common room, you were sexy then too, but this is just insane.... And amazing" she smiled
"Well... ya" I didn't know what else to say.
A few seconds passed with nothing but silence. We both looked up at each other and started laughing. I still had my shirt up and my pants down. Here we were in compromising positions in public and the whole thing was ridiculous. Laughing was the only thing that made sense. I pulled my shirt back down and lifted myself to slide my pants back in place.
"Well, I guess I should go" Meg said while still working her way through her laugh.
"I guess I should too" I did have a class coming up anyway.
Meg got up off her chair, re-buttoned her shorts and grabbed her bag. "I'll see you around"
"I'm sure you will" I smiled, and we both looked at each other. We both knew we would meet again as we lived on the same floor, but we didn't know what that would mean.
As Meg walked away I closed my computer and slipped it into my bag. I grabbed my books on the table and slipped my flip flops back on my feet as I stood up. As I started to walk away from the table I took a deep breath "Well that was.... Something" I chuckled to myself as I continued out of the library.
*****************************************************************
Finally my classes were done for the day and I arrived back in my room. I opened the door to see Mary sitting at her desk working on something.
"Hey Mary" I said as I walked in and put my bag down beside my desk "How was your day?"
"Oh Hey Steph, it was good... you know... school" she said while spinning in her chair to face me as we talked. "How about yours?"
"It was good" I said simply. My mind rushed back through the time in the library and I chuckled internally. "Glad to be done though" I chuckled out loud this time.
I threw my flip flops in the corner of the room near the door and laid down on the bed and opened my phone. Mary went back to her work as I opened my phone. I was laying on my stomach with my hands and phone propped up on my pillow. I tried to relax, looking through Instagram and Snapchat, seeing what my other friends were doing. The longer I stayed there looking at other peoples pictures the more my brain started to think about my own "pictures" of the day. My time in the library was crazy, insane even. I still couldn't believe what I did. And even crazier was the fact that Meg, someone from my floor, was there, and saw me, and joined in. I smiled to myself as I laid there pretending to pay attention to my phone.
I kept going back to those dirty, nasty, slutty thoughts. My shirt up over my tits, my legs up on the table, fingering myself deep with three fingers. V watching and directing, and Meg rubbing her pussy beside me. And to top it off all in a public library. Without realizing it, I found myself slowly and quietly moving on the bed, slow and gentle movements back and forth. I was trying to grind my suddenly wet pussy on the bed, it was desperate to be touched, to be played with. What was happening to me? I tried to think about something else, to get back to the pictures on my phone but my mind kept fighting me and turning me towards the scenes in the library.
I opened Whatsapp and messaged V. I knew she would make my desires worse, but at least it was someone to talk to about them.
Me: V... I'm SO fucking horny again... help!
I waited for what felt like an eternity, but was probably only a few mins
V: Sorry babe, in class! I'll be home soon and we can talk ;)
Me: Nooooo... I need you now lol
I was joking, but not really joking.
V: Well why don't you get started without me and I'll join you later ;)
Me: But Mary is hereeeeee...
V: So?
V: Sorry babe gotta go!
And with that V had left. I was stuck until she got back. My eyes scrolled over the messages again. "So?". What did she mean? I knew exactly what she meant. V wanted me to start to masturbate in front of Mary. Or maybe that was too far, to do it with Mary in the room. I immediately brushed that idea off. There was no way I could do that, with my roommate. It was different with Meg because we didn't actually live together, I wouldn't see her every day. If I did this infront of Mary it would change things. I went back to Instagram and started scrolling again, trying to get my mind back to a calm place. But again the more time that passed the hornier I got. I kept telling myself only a little while and V would be back. But the more I thought about that the more I thought "What if V just makes me do something in front of Mary anyway?". That's when I started to think about what it would be like. Telling Mary what I was going to do, and then doing it. Would she watch? Would she leave? Would she try to ignore me? I knew she looked at me before. Hmmmm I thought more about the scenario and how it would go down, and the more I thought about it the more turned on I got, and the more turned on I got the more I wanted to do it.
"Hey Mary?" I said quietly while turning my head away from my phone and looking up at Mary who was still working at her desk.
"Yes" she replied while turning away from her books.
"Ummmmm could I ask you something?" It was obvious to me and her that I was nervous.
"Ya" Her response showed a little concern.
"Well... I'm just going to say it... I'm super fucking horny" I laughed a little as I said it.
"Uh... OK?" Mary smiled back. It was another ridiculous situation so laughter was the only response. "And?"
"Well... I was wondering if it would be OK if I... you know... got off... here... now..." It was hard to say out loud, especially to my roommate. Each word I knew could take our relationship one of two ways. Either a stronger bond and friendship, or break everything.
She thought about my question for a minute, and then smiled a little awkwardly. "Ya, sure... uh... do you want me to leave?"
"Oh thank god! I really need this" I said and we both laughed out loud. Again, ridiculous situation. "And no, you don't need to leave, I won't make it awkward or anything, I'll stay covered" As I said it I wasn't sure it was true.
"Well OK then, have fun" She chuckled as she turned back to her books.
I let out a little sigh of relief both because the conversation went like it did, and because now I got to touch myself. I flip over on my bed and pull my blanket up over my legs just for some extra protection. My hand slipped down my body and into my sweatpants I was still wearing and into my panties. I started to slowly rub my clit as I thought about V, and the library and everything else that has happened. My eyes were closed as I continued to play with myself. I couldn't tell what Mary was doing but at this point I didn't care. I let the pleasure flow over me as I continue to play with my pussy. My other hand comes up and starts to play with my tits through my tank top. My eyes opened a little and I peered over towards Mary. I could see that she was trying to concentrate on her books, but she couldn't help but glance in my direction every once and a while to see what I was doing. The thought of Mary watching turned me on even more, just like with Meg earlier today. My lust starts to take over and I'm no longer in control.
My hand reaches down and pulls my shirt up over my chest exposing me to Mary. My eyes are still closed so I can't tell what Mary is doing, but I know she is looking. I pinch my nipples as I lay there continuing to rub my pussy hidden under the covers. I push my sweat pants down and take them off. I spread my legs wide now, while still under my blanket. My panties are pushed to the side and I slide a finger into my sopping cunt. My finger starts to fuck me and I moan softly. There is no way Mary doesn't know what is going on. The feeling is overwhelming. Doing something this nasty and slutty in front of someone for the second time today. Why do I love this so much? I start to move in and out, side to side driving the finger deeper into me, my fingers continuing to play with my nipples. The more I moved the more the blanket slid down my body. It began over my belly button and was now at my hips. My midriff was completely on display as I kept moving and fucking myself.
Inch by inch the blanket moved slower. I felt it drag across the top of my hand that was in bringing me pleasure. It kept moving until it left me exposed again. Everything from my head to below my pussy was now open for Mary to look at and watch as I continued putting on my show. I was lost in myself and didn't care what happened. My body lifted off the bed so I could ram my finger into myself harder and harder, I moaned out loud this time, not caring who heard. I could feel an orgasm building through my body, I was getting close. That was until I heard a ding on my phone. This sound that interrupted my adventure caused me to come back down to earth. My eyes opened, and my hand grabbed the blanket and pulled it back up over me. Mary pretended not to notice, but we both knew she did. I reached over and grabbed my phone. A message from V.
V: Hey babe, what's going on?
Me: Oh, just being naughty ;)
V: Oh realllyyyyy ;)
V: What are you doing?
Me: Rubbing my wet pussy
V: Mmmmmm very nice
V: Where?
Me: My room
V: Oh so Mary is out?
Me: Nope ;)
V: Uhhhh what do you mean?
I felt a mischievous smile come across my face.
Me: Well lol... I was feeling horny, so I asked Mary if I it was OK if I...
Me: got off lol
V: Holy fuck
V: and she said yes?
Me: I think she was, well is, a little weirded out by it, but ya
V: Wow... I don't know what to say
V: What has gotten into you? ;)
Me: You have! Haha
V: Well don't let me stop you from getting off!
Me: Oh, so you want me to keep playing in front of Mary ;)
V: Fuck yes babe... show me how slutty you are...
Those were all the words I needed to hear. I was so turned on that all I cared about was getting off. I propped the phone up on my desk so V could see me on the bed.
"Hey Mary" I said while looking up at her
"Ya?"
"I just wanted to let you know that I'm going to, well... " I paused before just burting it out "have some cam sex with my girlfriend.... I hope thats OK?" I waited for her response.
Mary looked over to me with a look of shock. I'm sure she was wondering who I was, who her roommate had become.
"Uhhhh... ya... are you sure you don't want me to leave?"
"Oh no! It's fine!... Thanks Mary!" I said back. She didn't know that her being there was what made this all so much fun.
I looked down at my phone and saw V had started sending me messages.
V: Good girl, tell your roommate what you want to do, no matter how embarrassing it is
V: Now get rid of that blanket
I pulled the blanket off of me exposing my tits to V and Mary, my shirt still pulled up above them. My panties were on display as the blanked moved off my legs.
V: mmmm Steph... you look so hot..
V: I want you to get real nasty for me
V: Do you want to do that?
"Yes... I do" I said back, knowing Mary could hear me. I looked up at Mary with a look of lust and I saw her reach for a pair of headphones to put on.
V: Good
V: Now take off your shirt completely and sit up against the wall.
My shirt slipped over my head and I throw it in the corner. I slide myself across my bed and turn around so I can lean back against the wall. My legs go out straight in front of me and my view is now straight across the room towards Mary.
V: Bend your knees and spread your legs babe
I did as she said. My knees came up closer to my chest and they spread apart. All I was swearing was my panties now and I was wide open for anyone to see. Mary wasn't looking in my direction, but she could see out of the corner of her eye for sure. Her headphones were on and she was trying to ignore me as much as possible, but I knew that was impossible. I sat there waiting for my next instruction.
V: Pull your panties to the side and rub your cunt.
Cunt That word again. It sent shivers through my body as I did I as I was told. My fingers wrapped around the edge of my panties and pulled them to the side exposing my wet cunt. I moved my hand back over top of it and started to slowly rub it.
V: Pinch your nipples...
My other hand moved up and started to play with my tits, pinching each nipple, moving back and forth. I let out a low moan as all of the sensations started to build up in me.
V: Are you my slut?
"Yes" I replied while continuing to play with myself.
V: Tell me what you are...
I knew what V wanted. I knew what she wanted me to say. But Mary was in the room, sitting there, headphones on, but still, maybe she would hear me. I kept playing with myself and delaying.
V: Come on... tell me what you are....
V: Are you afraid that Mary will hear you?
V: Do you care?
I let the question circle in my mind for a minute. Did I care? Did I? Maybe I didn't. I was V's slut, or I wanted to be, or at least I liked the way it felt to be. And Mary was my roommate, my friend even, and I told her I would be doing this with my girlfriend. Maybe all of this was OK, and even if it wasn't I could just play it off as part of V and I playing. These were the thoughts going through my head, working my way up to doing what I knew I would do anyway.
"I'm your slut" I said out loud quietly, trying to avoid Mary from hearing. I kept rubbing my pussy, looking at the camera.
V: Louder... don't you want everyone to know how much of a slut you are for me?
I took a deep breath. I knew I wanted to do it. "I'm your slut" I said louder, closer to a normal volume.
V: Louder...
V: Tell me what you are...
I couldn't stop myself anymore. "I'm your slut!" I said loud. "I'm your slut!" I said again even louder. "I'm your slut!" My hand was rubbing my pussy harder and harder. I wanted nothing more then to fuck myself right there but I wanted to wait for V to tell me too. I was so lost in the moment I didn't care if Mary heard me anymore. I looked up at Mary and she had turned herself to look at me. I didn't notice at first, but she was now staring right at me. Obviously she had heard my little outburst. Her headphones were still on. Her black leggings covered legs closed tight and her her bare arms under her t-shirt on her knees. I could tell she was in shock.
V: What's happening?
"Mary is looking right at me." I don't know if Mary knew what I said, or could hear, her look stayed the same.
V: Show me...
I reached up for my phone and switched the camera view so it was facing backwards now and V was looking at Mary.
V: Wow, I just remembered how sexy she was...
V: You're lucky ;)
I smiled back, looking at the phone, rubbing my pussy the whole time. My mind racing between remembering what V looked like, and seeing Mary in front of me.
V: Slap your pussy
"What?" I replied, looking at my phone in confusion. Do what? V wanted me to do what? My hand kept rubbing my pussy, waiting for V to respond to my question.
V: Slap your pussy slut...
V: Don't you want to do what I say?
V: Don't you want to be a slut?
V: My slut
I couldn't believe what she wanted me to do. In the past we had done a little spanking here and there just for fun, nothing hard, nothing extreme. But now she wanted me to slap my bare pussy right here in my dorm room in front of Mary. The anxiousness kept growing inside of me. I could feel the pressure I was putting on my pussy growing. Just thinking about doing it was turning me on more. I knew I would do what V wanted, and I knew that I wanted to do it.
My head lifted and I looked at Mary to see what she was doing. She was still turned towards me, but trying not to look like she was paying too much attention. Her legs were open now, her black leggings still looking amazing on her toned legs. I closed my eyes and raised my hand and brought it back down against my pussy softly. My eyes shot over to my phone.
V: What was that?
V: I said to slap your cunt, not pat it...
I knew she would say that, I knew I didn't do it hard enough, I knew I wanted to do it harder. My hand rose again and came down harder on my pussy, a light smack sound was the result.
V: mmmm yes babe
V: do it again...
I did as I was told. My hand came down on my pussy harder again "slap". I moaned softly. I loved the feeling of the stinging on my pussy. "SLAP" I hit my pussy harder again. My body gyrated on the bed, my eyes were closed, I wanted more "SLAP!" I hit it harder again.
"Bang" My eyes opened, I looked around and Mary was gone. I felt my face turn red thinking what I had just done, smacking my bare pussy in front of my roommate. What have I done? Unconsciously my hand kept furiously rubbing my pussy. It was hard to wrap my head around how I was feeling. On the one hand I was embarrassed at what I had just done, just like I was in the library, and the common room, and the food hall. But at the same time it all made me so horny, so turned on, and I loved it.
I looked at the screen of my phone.
V: you are such a slut babe
V: I love you
V: Where did Mary go?
"I don't know" I said back. "I think the slapping was too much for her... I'm a little embarrassed that I did that in front of her"
V: I couldn't believe how hard you started slapping your cunt
Cunt. I loved the word, the way it made me feel like a slut. I could feel myself getting close to cumming.
"I just loved it for some reason, the stinging feeling on my pussy, and probably the fact that I was doing it out in the open. The whole thing just turned me on so much"
V: cum for me babe
V: cum for me and tell me what you are...
I read the words and started doing what V wanted. My fingers started to rub my clit hard and fast, I could feel the orgasm growing in my, up through my body.
V: tell me what you are babe
V: tell me what a slut you are
V: what a public slut you are
I rubbed my pussy harder as I read her words and started to say my own.
"I'm a slut... I'm a public slut"
V: louder! Let it go, just say what you feel
"Mmmmm... I'm so fucking horny V... I can't even explain it... I can hardly think about anything else... I'm just so fucking horny!!"
I kept rubbing my pussy, my breathing increased speed as I kept getting closer and closer.
V: keep going babe... keep telling me how you feel
"I feel like a slut... a horny slut that just wants to fuck herself all the time. I want to show off and let everyone know how horny I am. I want you here licking my pussy right now!!"
V: Yes babe... yes... be who you want, do what you want
V: I think it's time to cum, don't you think?
"YES!" I almost screamed as I rubbed my clit even harder. My hand came up and slapped my wet cunt hard and I let out a whimper as I went back to rubbing my clit. I could feel the orgasm growing, rising through my body, I rubbed harder and harder, my hand almost cramping, a bead of sweat slid down my cheek. "FUCCCKKKKKKK" I yelled, I didn't care if anyone heard me. Fuck I would have done it in front of Mary, I just needed to cum so badly. My eyes were sealed as I trembled from the orgasm. I slide down lower in the bed as I continued to come down from the high. I turned my head to the side to look at my phone.
V: Wow babe...
V: that was so fucking hot
V: when you slapped your pussy before you came... wow! I didn't think you liked it that much
I took a deep breath and replied "Ya... I don't know, I kinda like the little bit of pain I guess, something about being punished for being such a slut or something... I don't know" My eyes looked around my room remembering Mary was gone. "Fuck" I said out loud
V: What's wrong?
"I just remembered what I did, and how Mary reacted... I'm just worried it's going to be weird now... well I'm pretty sure it will be"
V: Just talk to her. I'm sure it's alright
V: Plus you're in college... you're supposed to experiment! ;)
"Ya... maybe, I'm just worried"
I laid down on my bed, slid off my panties and pulled the covers over my naked body.
"Hey V... I'm exhausted and need to sleep." I let out a little sigh, genuinely worried about Mary "I love you" My eyes closed as I saw an "I love you slut" pop up on my screen.