Apologies for the long delay since the last episode. Taylor and Tethys have been a bit preoccupied with the later stages of her pregnancy and then the birth of their beautiful daughter. I, at least, didn't envision all that when we began this series -- although I suspect Tethys and Taylor already did. We'll definitely include that in a later chapter. Hopefully, things have calmed down enough where future installments come a little more punctually. But we know that can't be guaranteed! -- Mimi

Chapter 14 -- The Hills Are Alive

I was surprised. It wasn't just Tethys and Hera joining me for the dancing at theRanchero, Megan showed up as well.
"I've changed my schedule," she grinned big. I'm off on Fridays and Sundays now. That will be good for my classes when school starts, and it'll be good for our get-togethers on Sundays, if Joe and Joanne want to keep having them."
I was glad to have her along, and we attracted a good bit of attention. I have to admit I felt like a stud with three women -- beautiful women at that -- at my side. I can't say that Tethys was dressed for the occasion. She wore her standard minimalist outfit, a light yellow short pullover dress with, of course, no bra or panties. I've wondered at times if she actually even owns any of those. She did look totally sexy, though. The outfit accentuated her slender waist, her muscular ass, her great legs, and her graceful arms and shoulders. The fabric showed just a bit of her nipple outlines, and in the alternating harsh and subdued lighting of the club, her appearance flickered between angelic and raunchy. That was perfectly in line with the atmosphere of the club, which might easily have been named theRaunchero.
Tethys isn't that much of a dancer, so she was never going to be mistaken for a dance hall cowgirl anyway. Hera and Megan, on the other hand, had at least a passing familiarity with the style, and they were dressed in the expected tradition: tight jeans, collared shirts, hair pinned back, boots, and Megan even had the hat. I couldn't dance with all of them at once, and there were plenty of single men prowling around, so those two spent a lot of time on the dance floor.
I was also surprised by Beth. In her cowgirl attire, she looked absolutely stunning. I barely recognized the woman from my workplace. From her white hat down to her riding boots, her frilled blouse, her brand new blue jeans, her belt with the Lone Star buckle, her Texas-shaped ear rings and a fossil sea shell dangling at the end of her necklace, she looked exactly like she belonged there. She also knew her way around the dance floor. She two-stepped, waltzed, line danced, and even jitterbugged with confidence and grace, and made each of her partners look better than they actually were. It made her claim of not dating seem even more amazing.
Beth and Tethys latched on to each other immediately, within minutes they were best friends. They laughed easily, and many of their jokes were at my expense, which I've come to accept to be the fate of boyfriends everywhere. Beth was even able to drag Tethys out onto the dance floor during the line dance sessions, and teach her what I could not. She got at least some of the steps right, and considering she was wearing sandals rather than dancing boots, it looked good to me.
Hera and Megan soon got into the act as well. By the end of the night, they and Beth were long-time friends. For me, it was a dream of an evening, being regularly swept out onto the dance floor by one of four beautiful women. When Megan and Hera weren't dancing with me, or each other, or sitting telling more jokes at my expense to Beth, they were keeping the dreams alive of many hopeful young men. They didn't turn down many dance requests.
We left after midnight, and it felt far too soon. Beth was still going strong, and saw us off with a wave. I suddenly realized we all smelled like tobacco.
"Everybody put your clothes in the laundry room as soon as we get to the house," I grumped. "Then we all need a shower. I'll wash them first thing in the morning, before Tethys and Megan head to Carl's."
"Taylor, I really like Beth," Tethys gushed. "I think you should fuck her. I'd love to see that. She would like it too, you know."
"Absolutely!" "Yes!" "We should recruit her!" came the enthused agreement from the young girls in the back seat.
I shook my head, exasperated. "First, I will never get sexually involved with a coworker, that's a hard rule with me. It can only lead to disaster. Second, she's not my type, and I'm not her type. She's after cowboys, that's why she hangs out atRancheros. Third, we already have an imbalance of women to men in our tribe. Adding another woman would only skew it more. It's already hard enough to keep up with all you demanding horny women. And I know for a fact, Tethys..." I paused for affect... "You've been wanting for all of us guys to take you together -- a gang-bang, right? And it's not going to happen if the men are all distracted by the other girls. I was thinking we could arrange something for your birthday, but the more women there are to share the men you have, the harder that's going to be to set up."
"I want to be gang-banged too," Megan piped in. "And my birthday is this fall."
"See what I mean?" I sighed. "And fourth, I don't evenlikeBeth. She's the most annoying woman I've ever had the pain to work with."
"Well, I like her!" Tethys retorted. "So do I!" came the back seat chorus.
"Fine!" I added. "You girls can fuck her if she's into that. But y'all will have to arrange it yourselves."
"We'll work on it, won't we?" Tethys turned smiling to the girls in the back seat.
"Oh, yeah," came the response.
Once home and undressed, I threw all of the clothes into the washer together. Our hair and skin still smelled like tobacco, and we needed to divide up the shower detail. Tethys and I got in first. There was a lot I would have liked to have done with her in the shower, but we needed to clear out without Hera and Megan waiting too long. Still, we got enough soapy fondles to harden my cock and Tethys was breathing hard when we turned the water off and stepped out.
"About time!" Hera snarked.
I was already balls deep in Tethys by the time the other two came to bed. The understanding was that I wouldn't cum inside her until just before she and Megan left for Carl's in the morning, but that didn't mean I couldn't give her a full pleasuring, along with a couple of orgasms tonight. The younger girls didn't miss a beat. I didn't know whether they'd want to concentrate on each other for a while or add to the erotic caresses that Tethys and I were already enjoying. To my delight, they made us a foursome. Megan mostly focused on Tethys, while Hera added delicious touches to anyplace she could reach that wasn't already inserted elsewhere. My scrotum enjoyed the extra attention particularly.
After Tethys and I paused for a quick breather, the ladies consulted among themselves for just a few moments before determining that Megan was to be the main beneficiary of my remaining capacity for the night. As previously agreed, Tethys was to get filled with my cum in the morning, Hera would have me all day tomorrow, and Megan was insistent. She'd decided early on that her favorite positions all had me lying on my back, so I relaxed for moment while she crawled on top of me.
I wasn't relaxed for long. She hungrily wrapped her lips around my cock, sucking and savoring the taste of Tethys on me, while squeezing out as much precum as I could dribble. Her pussy pushed itself over my mouth, and my nose poked into her freshly washed butthole. Hera -- I could recognize that tongue with my eyes closed by now -- continued to lick and nibble on my balls, occasionally interrupted by her desire to kiss and lick and nibble on Megan's face, while Tethys alternated between attacking my nipples and Megan's. A lot of nerve endings were being triggered so far.
I could have continued this exquisite torture for a long time, and Megan's pussy was tasting particularly nice, but she understandably wanted more. I assume she was ready to switch when there was no more Tethys residue remaining on my cock. She sat up and pivoted, lowering herself onto my fully battle-ready flight deck, while Hera knew without prompting exactly how to guide it into its target. She leaned over me, rested her hand on my pectorals, and moaned for several minutes as her hips executed a complicated dance over mine -- wriggling side to side, sliding up and down, thrusting forward and back, and rotating, sometimes clockwise,sometimes counter, and somehow seemingly accomplishing all these motions at once. I wasn't exactly silent either, the feeling was too intensely pleasurable for me to remain stoic.
She stopped momentarily, then her movements became more rhythmic, she smiled, lifted her face, and began to sing. I should have expected it, she'd already announced that fucking made her want to sing, but I was still not used to it. I recognized the song immediately, but I was surprised that she did. It was an oldie -- a 1970's era song from the female rock band Heart, "Crazy On You." How appropriate. She even managed to hum and hoot out the guitar solos!" With her particular skill that I was beginning to appreciate, her orgasmic climax coincided with the climax of the song:
"I was a willow last night in a dream
I bent down over a clear running stream
Sang you the song that I heard up above
And you kept me alive with your sweet flowing love....."
Jesus, that was intense. Of course there was no way she could duplicate the range and power of Ann Wilson's voice, but even so, there was a clarity and musicality there, even in the midst of her orgasm, that made it sound natural and beautiful. As she raised her voice to hold that last note her pussy clamped tight on my cock in a way I'd never felt before, then pulled as she slowly rose up to follow the tone. I could easily get used to having her sing on top of me as often as she desired. Tethys and Hera lay on either side of me, their heads resting on my chest, watching and listening in awed silence. Within seconds, I was pumping my own cum deep into her cunt, as she continued to call out the final chorus.
"Crazy on you, crazy on you,
Let me go crazy, crazy on you... oh..."
The main thought in my head as I slowly returned to consciousness was that whatever man she eventually found to settle down with was going to be one lucky bastard.
"Jesus Christ," Hera sighed. "My mom was right. You really are blessed by the Goddess. That's the only possible explanation. This has got to be the most angelic display of erotic divinity I've ever seen in my life!"
My cock was about half-hard now, enough to remain embedded inside her as she sat up straight. As long as neither of us made any sudden moves it could rest in there. Megan was still taking deep long breaths.
"That was truly beautiful," Tethys agreed, tears glistening in her eyes. "I love you, Megan, I'm so grateful we found you!"
"I love you guys too," Megan nodded, smiling weakly. "I think you've saved my life. I didn't feel I was going in the right direction until I delivered pizza to you. Now I feel like I'm living inside a song."
"Lots of songs, apparently," I added. "How do you know that one? It was an oldie even when I was a kid!"
"My mom has a big collection of female classic rock songs," Megan replied. "That's always been one of my favorites. There's a lot more. Just wait until I fuck you to Janice Joplin!"
"I'd never heard it before," said Hera. "You sing it so well! And it sure fit the situation!"
"I don't sound anything like the original," Megan shook her head. "I don't think anybody could. I would kill to have their voices."
"Tell your mother she has good taste in music," I suggested. "And so do you, by the way."
"I like my mom," Megan smiled big. "Even more now that she's becoming a dedicated nudist. Last Sunday really was a turning point for her. It's like she became a different person overnight. You know what would make it even better? If you were to fuck her. I think she wants you to fuck her, Taylor, and it would be good for her if you did."
"Oh, that's a great idea!" Tethys interjected. "I noticed that by the end of the evening on Sunday. We should arrange it as soon as we can!"
"And my mom too!" Hera squealed enthusiastically. "I know for a fact she loves Taylor's cock, and now that she has the ok from my dad, I'm sure she's going to go for it!"
"Wait a minute!" I protested. Now my cock actually did slip out of Megan, bringing a dollop of cum with it. Tethys immediately bent down to take advantage of it.
"You want me to fuck Beth. You want me to fuck Rena. You want me to fuck Phoebe. And you want me to service the three of you, AND Sonia, AND Joanne. Are you trying to kill me? When am I going to sleep, or eat, or earn a living, for cryin' out loud?"
"You don't have to fuck everybody at once," Hera responded casually. "We don't expect you to be gang-banged, poor man. That's for Tethys and Megan."
"What about you?" Megan asked her. "Isn't that something you'd like to experience?"
"Not really," Hera shrugged. "It's nothing I've ever fantasized about. I mean, yeah, a couple of guys, like in a threesome, but any more than that would be a distraction. I like to savor the cocks I'm with."
"Fair enough," Tethys rose back up after finishing off the leaking fluid. "We'll leave that to Megan and me. It still wouldn't be anything frequent, but like you said, Taylor. Our birthdays are coming up this fall."
"I can't wait!" giggled Megan. Her squeak was decidedly non-musical.
The four of us didn't quite fit in my bed, but we somehow made do with a bit of strategic sprawling, and I slept surprisingly well. It took some extrication in the morning, but after the untangling we all ended up in the bathroom at the same time. A good-natured disagreement broke out about who was going to aim my (dry and crusty at the moment) shaft for the toilet. That's an argument I would never have imagined as a possibility in life. Tethys pulled rank, and not a moment too soon, because I wasn't inclined to wait.
My mind went back, once again, to the apparent absurdity of my situation, and how drastically my life had changed in such a short time. Less than two years before, I was lonely, frustrated, feeling like a reject for life due to my misshapen, unattractive, laughable penis. Tethys had embraced it, told me it was beautiful, craved it, and even though she had another man to satisfy (also, ironically, with an unusual cock of his own), had gone beyond mere satisfaction and actually challenged my sexual capacity. I had responded, and grown, and now suddenly there were five women who were demanding my now beautiful and attractive cock, with whom I had three other men to share them with. And now it felt like the other guys might not be pulling their full weight -- for the first time in my life I could entertain the idea of being happy with less sex.
It didn't look like it was going to happen. I knew Carl was doing his best to keep up, Henri and Joe were primarily on overflow duty. And now these girls are threatening to send me more girls? It was my first contemplation of too much of a good thing. Maybe more exercise of my sexual ability would increase my capacity further? I could only hope.
Potential over-demand aside, breakfast with three lovely, naked, cheerful ladies was an exceedingly pleasant event. We ate hearty, ham and eggs with juice and toast. Tethys sat across from me at the table, while the two younger ladies took up positions on either side. They ended up eating mostly one-handed, while their free hands roamed all over my body. My cock spent a lot of time being clasped. We'd worked up a sweat overnight, so we took another set of showers, Tethys and myself followed by Hera and Megan. We ended up freshly shaved, and piled onto freshly changed sheets. There was no doubt about the agenda this morning. It was simple. I merely had to deposit whatever available semen I had remaining into Tethys, which would become a sacrificial sludge for Carl's dominance fantasy. Hera and Megan were all in for Tethys, and to make sure I was all in for her. It was the simplicity, but it was also the anticipation, the purpose, the focus, that made it so erotic.
The girls teamed up to enhance the experience for Tethys and me. Megan added her caresses, kisses and soft words of love to Tethys, Hera used her hands and mouth on all my sensitive parts, already knowing so well where they were. I may have worried about being spread too thin before, but Hera, Megan and Tethys took that worry away from me. I was on top of Tethys, as deep as my cock could reach, her cunt tunnel squeezing me tightly. Her legs were wrapped around my hips, her pussy entrance pointed vertically upwards. She was literally drooling, moaning, on her unexpected third orgasm. Megan and Hera were cheering us on, and I had gone as long as I could. My pace quickened, the base of my cock tightened, and then I slowed down as every explosive pulse came at full depth. Tethys cried, I roared, and Megan and Hera laughed in joyous triumph. If ever I might begin to think such frequent sex could be taken for granted, I had only to remember nights like the last one, and mornings like this one. This would never get old.
Tethys and Megan left together a few minutes later. Tethys was carrying a time-sensitive cargo, and Carl would appreciate a fresh load. Hera and I watched them leave, quietly. It was strange, the reluctance I felt watching them depart. I still had Hera with me. Did this mean I was becoming so accustomed to multiple women in my bed that one was no longer enough? I smiled at Hera, the guilt on my face had to have been obvious.
She smiled back at me. "If you think losing those two erotic angels is bad, I'm going to make another unpleasant announcement. I'll be wearing clothes most of the morning."
"Who are you, and what have you done with Hera?" I challenged.
"I'm going to do a pottery firing in the barrel in the back yard," she returned brightly. "I'd do it naked, except between being outdoors in the sun and exposed to open flame, that would be two strikes against me. You can help if you want, and you won't have to wear clothes if you don't want to."
That sounded intriguing, and to be perfectly honest I was kind of fucked out this morning anyway. My vaunted 'sexual capacity through sexual exercise' hypothesis hadn't kicked in yet, and I neededsomerecovery. Waiting until this afternoon or this evening would still be well beyond an average man's expectations.
"Naked pottery firing does sound kind of dangerous," I agreed. At that moment the spirit of Tethys infested me. "But maybe if I let you handle the hot work and I don't spend too much time in the sun I can pull it off."
"I like your phrasing," Hera giggled.
I grabbed my laptop, if Hera had work to do, so did I. I still wanted to make some enhancements to my Darwin simulator, and I had a couple of ideas for ways to speed up the reproduction/mutation algorithm. We took my car to her house, since we were spending the weekend together there seemed no reason to drive separately. If there were any errands she needed to run, we could make it an adventure for both of us.
When we got to her house, it became obvious that Hera had not spent all her time having sex with her friends. There was a group of dried clay items I hadn't seen previously, all of them made of a brown clay with applied decorations. Some looked like traditional native southwestern pueblo styles, some were small figurines, some were rough-looking composite designs that defied easy definition. One in particular that caught my eye was a smooth-sided bowl with a handle that arched over the lid, connecting on opposite sides, while the top of the arch supported a spout that pointed vertically upwards. The lid itself was embellished with a small sculpture of a naked couple graphically fucking, the woman riding the man reverse-cowgirl style, as he reached up and fondled her breasts. They looked incredibly realistic for their size.
"Functional pornography?" I suggested.
"I didn't make it up," she explained. "This is actually a representation of a style of pottery that the Mocha people of Peru used to create long before the arrival of the Europeans. They had a nice variety of styles, some sexual, some pots that were almost photo-realistic sculpted faces, sometimes dogs in playful poses, sometimes warriors. I gravitated towards the sexual stuff first, knowing me, of course, but eventually I'm going to try all of them There are so many ancient cultures that we have pottery from, and I've gotten inspired studying them. So I've dabbled in a few here. Most aren't all that great, but they're nice practice pieces, and maybe a few will be worth buying for someone. One thing most of the ancient pottery has in common, it's almost all earthenware fired at low temperatures. That's why I can set up the barrel as a pit kiln, and get them finished off fairly quickly."
I had to admit it was fascinating, and at her direction I helped gather wood and arrange the fuel and the pots in the barrel. It was fun working naked, under the observant and critical supervision of a young, beautiful, and for once conservatively dressed woman. The top half of the barrel was filled with sawdust and pine needles, which triggered my curiosity.
"I'm lighting it from the top, and it's going to burn slowly down towards the main fuel and the stacked pots before things get super hot," she answered. "That way the clay heats up gradually, which minimizes thermal shock and the danger of things cracking and breaking in the heat. Then they cool down slowly too, I won't fish them out of the barrel until tomorrow morning. That also helps minimize breakage. Still, I get occasional cracks no matter what I do, it's just a hazard of the business. The lesson is not to get attached to your work until it's successfully completed."
"Are you saying that pottery is like a box of chocolates, you never know what you're going to get?" I teased.
"That's right," she glared. "Now run, Forrest, run to the porch and bring back the butane lighting torch under the counter by the left corner."
"OK, Jenneea," I drawled, and did as she ordered. I don't think Mr. Gump ever did his running naked, but around this crowd, you really don't ever know what you're going to get. I just had a growing confidence that whatever it was, it was going to be good.
The fire lit easily and evenly, and Hera spent some time fussing and fiddling with it until she was satisfied that the heating was going according to plan. She had a garden hose laid out and at the ready in case things went awry, but for now the flames were behaving.
"I'll have to go back and check on it at fairly frequent intervals for a while, but we don't have to spend the whole morning in the sun," she said.
We made ourselves comfortable on the back porch, I found a plug for my laptop and a place to sit with it, while a few feet away Hera was wedging another batch of brown clay.
"You're not using a wheel for this?" I asked, as she began rolling out thin rope-like clay cylinders, and coiling them about each other.
"The pottery wheel was unknown in the New World," she replied absently as she worked, "and a lot of the old African and Asian cultures, like the Jomon in ancient Japan, didn't use it either. But they made some incredible things without it. What I'm using here is a coil and scrape approach. Sometimes I use slabs, sometimes a paddle and anvil. There's a lot of ways you can shape clay, and it's fun to try to be authentic when I make something inspired by the ancient cultures. Besides, this way I can keep an eye on the barrel."
That made sense, and I went contentedly back to my programming. I idly wondered if "coding naked" could be considered an act of rebellion. It could certainly have an effect on collaborative software development. I spent about an hour adding new code, deleting lines, optimizing loops, and changing library calls. When I started testing, I was pleasantly surprised. The rate of evolution had almost doubled from the older design. Not that the older design had been very fast to begin with. Python wasn't known for speed, but with the right libraries it could at least approach impressiveness.
Hera made a few trips into the back yard to check on the barrel during that time, and each time returned with a satisfied expression. "I'm keeping my fingers crossed," she sounded hopeful, "but so far it's going smoothly."
By now I was ready for a break, and the fire in the barrel had already hit its peak and was beginning to fade. We had a little time to kill.
"Did Beth show you her erotic story?" I asked.
"No, she didn't mention it," Hera sounded surprised.
"I've got it here on my phone. Get ready for Casey and Cassie."
I brought it up, and we both read the tale from beginning to end. It was fun.
"Is that what they mean by purple prose?" Hera laughed as we reached the melodramatic, yet satisfying ending.
"I've seen worse," I shrugged. "To tell you the truth, I've seen worse from Stephen King. But, I've seen better from him too."
"Maybe it's just a matter of practice," she suggested. "I'd encourage her to keep practicing, just like my ceramics."
Hera was silent for a moment. "There is one thing she did say she'd like us to do. She said when she first started working with you, she saw a picture on your cell phone of a naked couple that sounded like Sonia and Henri, from her description. She says that caused a lot of animosity between the two of you at first, and she said she over-reacted. Now, she says she'd like it if we were to send her pictures when we have sex. I wouldn't do that with anyone we hadn't gotten permission from, but Megan and Tethys and I wouldn't mind at all?"
"Really?" I was genuinely surprised. "She said that?"
"The raunchier the better," Hera said brightly. "When my mom shows up later this afternoon she can do the video honors, I hope."
"I'm not sure how I feel about that," I grumbled. "I've spent the last two weeks trying to avoid all her personal questions about my sex life, and then when I finally did open up I felt like she twisted it anyway. Part of me is still worried that she can use that against me if she decides we aren't friends any more."
"What if we send her pictures of the other guys, like Carl and Henri and Joe?" she offered. "I don't mind her seeing me fucking, and she doesn't work with me, so maybe if we can get the others to agree, since they don't work with her either, she'll be happy with that. And I know for sure that Megan and Tethys would like it, since they've already said so. Uh, actually we already told Beth we'd do it."
"Is that so? She must have a more wicked mind than even I suspected. And, I guess I missed a couple of conversations last night."
"We had fun girl talk," Hera laughed.
I was starting to think about lunch, and suggested another trip to the nearby diner, but Hera nixed it. "I want to keep you naked the rest of the day and night. You have a nice body and a nice cock. I like looking at them, and I want us to eat naked. I've got plenty of food here. All this talk about having Beth watch me fuck is making me horny anyway. The kiln fire is settling down, and I'm ready to get undressed. I won't worry about the pots until the morning."
She quickly doffed her clothes, but she wasn't ready to abandon her clay work for sex just yet. "I think it will be another hour, give or take. I need to do a couple of adjustments to this piece that are time sensitive. Once I've got it all trimmed and scraped I'll cover it up and set it aside, and then I'm going to jump your bones."
"Don't you want to eat first?" I reminded her.
"Oh, yeah, I almost got ahead of myself."
Bellies full, adjustments made, Hera still had to make a quick run to the back yard to check the firing. It was quick enough that she didn't need to bother with clothes, and I looked on with interest as I compared the porcelain whiteness of her skin with the coppery bronze of Tethys, the earthy brown of Megan, the dark umber of Joanne, and the deep black of Sonia. All were beautiful, but Hera was definitely a body made for the bedroom, while the others were quite well suited for outdoor sex. It was fitting that Hera's bedroom was plush, soft, and feminine. I was ready to spend some quality time there.
She danced nymph-like back into the house, and confronted me with outstretched arms. I happily responded, and we stood there embracing tightly, swaying from side to side, her nipples hard against my rib cage, my cock rising rapidly, sliding between her moist thighs. It was soft, warm and lovely. Her face turned up towards mine and our lips met, wet, soft, warm and lovely. She broke the embrace, stepped back and looked me up and down, smiling. My cock had responded just the way she wanted. She grabbed it and pulled as she began to lead me towards the bedroom. I wasn't at all reluctant, but I held back in order to allow the steady tension as she tugged.
"You know I'm never jealous, but whenever I see Tethys or Megan or Sonia or Joanne crawling all over you I get a little twinge of envy," she said. "Maybe I should just call it impatience. I just get so eager for it to be my turn."
"What about Henri or Carl or Joe?" I asked. "You seem to enjoy being with them too."
"Oh, they're great," she nodded. "I'm not complaining about any of them, they're all sexy and very manly. I love fucking all of them, and I hope to do a lot more of it. But you're still special, Taylor. Maybe it's because you're the first of the group I met. You're the only one I've spent time with alone, you're the only one I've spent the night with. I really like you, Taylor. Tethys is right to make you her main man. I like your personality, I like that you're considerate and you treat both my mom and myself like real friends. I may get that way with the other guys eventually. I hope I do, but I'm already there with you."
Speaking of already there, we were already in the bedroom by this point, and Hera released my cock, backed to the bed, flopped backwards on it, and spread her legs wide.
"I want you to eat me, you mother fucker. Lap up my cunt and my clit, nibble on my jewelry, suck up my drooling pussy! I've been too hungry for you for too long. It's time for you to show me how hungry you are for me!"
I had no objections, and knelt beside the bed between her wide open legs. I reached forward, sliding my hands over her belly, up over her rib cage, and coming to a happy rest on her firm nubby nipples. I maneuvered them between my thumb and forefinger of each hand, pressing my palms gently upwards into the soft fat of her small but somehow proudly prominent breasts. She gasped, and I hadn't yet touched her pussy. I actually didn't want to touch her pussy just yet. I wanted to look at it. I wanted to gaze at it, to study it up close, to take the sight in, to feast my eyes. It was a beautiful pussy.
Hairless, like all of the pussies I'd enjoyed recently, it was flushed pink with desire. All of my other women had so much darker complexions, this pale skinned wonder seemed even more expressive as a result. At least the color contrast increased greatly to match the level of her arousal. The color peaked along the plump padding that occupied the space between the crease of her inner thighs and the thin quivering inner labia buttressing the glistening vestibule. Normally her pussy lips formed a neat little double row of tender flesh, still tempting, but protective of her inner mysteries. Now it was gaping open, vulnerable to invasion, inviting it. I knew she also had a dramatic blush on her chest between her breasts, but that would be addressed later. I continued to massage her breasts and nipples as I gazed at the delights between her legs.
I focused on the main attraction. Those pinkish-red inner lips looked like a long narrow funnel, starting right below her little nubbin of a clit and opening up into a dark wet tunnel an inch lower. I do mean wet. It wasn't actively leaking out of her yet, but that was only because the opening was facing partly upward, and it was still pooling and accumulating inside. She was glistening, first with desire and then with frustration as I continued to gaze without making contact. I could smell the aroma of her arousal, and it was intoxicating.
"Stop wasting my time!" she panted. "Eat me, hurry up! Lick me, goddam it, suck my clit! Fuck, my pussy's drooling... drink my drool!"
I showed mercy now. I lowered my face to her delectable offering of engorged tissue, breathing deep, gently at first but with rapidly increasing vigor, lapping and licking in and around the soaked orifice, nibbling and sucking on the now-prominent clitoris, taking the golden clit ring surrounding her hood with the tip of my tongue, lifting and pulling until she squealed.
Hera squealed. Repeatedly. She gasped, she groaned, she writhed, she cursed, she screamed, and she laughed. Her nipples, already hardened against my fingertips, expanded perceptibly, as did her clit under my tongue. Her aroma intensified, her juices flowed. My nose, my cheeks, my chin, all were saturated by her slippery, musky sweetness. My cock was aching to be inside her, but right now my tongue and taste buds wanted her more.
"I know the Goddess is celebrating. You are giving her such joy and beauty."
The voice was familiar. I wasn't surprised to hear it. I smiled, and plunged my face into that squirming pussy once more.
"Oh, Mom, come celebrate with us," Hera sighed. "Taylor's just getting started. I think the Goddess is feeling especially horny now. I think we're going to make her happy."
"I don't doubt that at all," Phoebe's voice giggled. "You're making me happy just seeing you like this. Taylor, is my little girl's pussy as tasty as you want it to be?"
"Better than the sweetest dessert," I paused and grinned at Hera's mother who was now approaching the bed. "But you already knew that."
"I never get tired of discovering it again," she purred. "But you already knew that."
I went back to my savoring of Hera's genital flavors, and Hera returned to her squealing, gasping, moaning, and twitching responses.
"By the way, Taylor," Phoebe stepped up to the bed, "Herakles and I owe you and your extraordinary woman Tethys our thanks for helping us see the obvious. In a week we've expanded our Goddess worship more than we thought possible."
"Mom and Dad have pretty much stopped wearing clothes around the house, and I think they want to try a little more adventure in their sex lives," Hera gasped again, continuing to shiver with pleasure.
"Well, we have decided that if we're going to honor the Goddess properly, we can't just talk the talk. Hera's already been walking the walk, and I need to start walking in her footsteps."
"Taylor's just giving me lip service," Hera giggled.
There was a pause behind me, which I didn't pay much heed to at the moment, distracted as I was by the heady ambrosia between Hera's legs. It may have been less than a minute before I felt Phoebe's bare hand on my bare shoulder. I heard a faint crackling noise as she lowered herself to her knees beside me.
"Mind sharing?" she asked sweetly. I smiled and nodded, and pulled back, appraising her. She had gotten undressed. Now she was caressing her daughter's pussy. She'd done some slight stroking of Hera on previous occasions while I was fucking or licking her, but it had been little more than incidental contact, and she herself had been dressed like a respectable matron. Right now, she was anything but.
Phoebe could never be called beautiful in any conventional sense, her large matronly breasts were pendulous, with their spread out nipples pointing almost vertically down. Her waistline was larger than her hips, which were not small. She had a big round ass, thick legs, thick arms, a wide face -- yes, she could stand to lose some weight, a lot of weight.
But there are some forms of beauty that transcend mere physical appearance; it's partly a state of mind, partly a matter of purpose, of awareness, of joy in what's to come and in what is being offered. Phoebe had that kind of beauty in abundance, and it could be unexpectedly sexy.
She positioned herself between her daughter's legs, gently displacing me, and continued licking and sucking Hera's pussy. No more incidental contact, all while ostensibly acting as cheerleader and photo-recorder. She wasn't merely going to talk the talk, she was going to serve her Goddess with devotion, dedication, and joy. She immersed herself in Hera's soaking vulva. Hera responded with equal enthusiasm, she had been wanting her mother to be part of her sexual adventures with me ever since our first meeting.
"Ooh, about time, Mom. Oh, that feels so fucking good! Yes... Yes, I know the Goddess is going to fucking love this. Fuck, Mom, your tongue is so blessed. Eat your baby girl's pussy, Mom! Eat the pussy you made. Lick it good. Oh, I don't believe it! My own middle-aged Mom is such a fucking sexy turnon! I love you Mom! You're the sexiest mother-fucking mother in the world!
I transferred most of my attention to Hera's upper body. My fingertips had never left her nipples, and Phoebe was very selfishly (and happily) reserving at least one hand for her own self-pleasure. I added my mouth to the work my hands were already doing, kneading, pinching, twisting and pulling on her small puffy breasts and her firm and swollen nipples. I directed one nipple at a time into my mouth, relishing the rubbery yet alive sensation.
"I want your cock," she whispered fiercely. "Feed me!"
I had to adjust my position once more. I released my hold on her tits, reluctantly, and knelt to the side of her face. She turned, and slurped the head of my cock into her mouth. It wasn't an intense blow job, she merely toyed with my manhood, clutching one hand partway around the shaft as it moved irregularly deeper into her open mouth and then out again. Part of it was my hip motions, part was from the bobbing and turning of her head, and the pulling and pushing of her hand. At times she'd release me to reach lower and gently stroke my balls. I was glad she was gentle.
But no, she wasn't trying to make me cum, she wasn't worshiping my cock or warming me up to fuck her, if anything she was treating it as a security blanket, or a steady brace from which to anchor the jerks and spasms resulting from her mother's continued attack on her genital region. From my new position I had an excellent platform to observe Phoebe's actions, and they were mesmerizing. I'd never been much into incest porn, and what I was seeing was well beyond anything I'd imagined. I knew Hera desired to have her parents fully involved in her sex life, and from our previous encounters I knew that Phoebe had been tempted to accommodate her. But maybe Hera knew something I didn't, maybe this was the culmination of her long-term plan. Something had changed the previous Sunday at Joe and Jo's, when Phoebe, Herakles, and Rena had suddenly turned their backs on their conservative lives and shucked their clothes. Rena had gone from angry and frightened over Megan's new polyamorous ways to embracing them wholeheartedly, Phoebe and Herakles had gone from bemused approval on the sidelines to full-on participation in Hera's kinks. Or at least Phoebe had. Now she knelt, her face wet and shiny and slimy, one hand on Hera's hip helping keep her aligned, the other reaching down between her own legs masturbating furiously and her tongue and lips worked furiously, either continuing the stimulation of Hera's leaking vulva, or muttering her own incantations with every breath.
"So beautiful, so blessed, so passionate. Thank you Goddess for this blessing, for accepting our offering of joy and desire. My sweet Hera blesses you, bless her sacred loving lasciviousness, her lust is your power. Bless us, loving Goddess!"
Phoebe most likely invented the bulk of her personal Goddess cult, but there was no doubt she was a true believer regardless. Her faith, and how she put it into action, was a beautiful thing at the moment.
Hera shuddered and gasped, clamping her lips and jaws down around my shaft. For a second I feared she would bite it, but she shielded it with her tongue and the teeth never made contact. Her whole body went rigid, then spasmed, then slackened. Phoebe had mercy on her and paused, smiling wetly at me as Hera wheezed and gasped.
"I'm so proud of her!" she breathed. Her arm was still moving below my field of view, but slower now.
"Did you cum too?" I asked.
"Oh, no. It takes a lot more to get me over the top than it used to. But it still feels good. And it feels even better to be part of something as sacred and blessed as this."
"I can get you over the top," Hera broke in. "Mom, get on the bed and lay on your back."
Phoebe hesitated, looking uncertain.
"C'mon, Mom, your bashful days are over. You've gotten naked for us, you've masturbated for us, now it's time for you to cum for us. The Goddess wants you to walk the walk just like I do."
Phoebe apparently found that assertion hard to argue with, as if she'd finally preached herself into a corner, She dutifully did as her daughter demanded.
"Taylor, get behind me and fuck me. I want it slow and deep, understand?"
"Yes, Ma'am," I grinned. I saw now what Hera intended.
Hera stood beside the bed and bent over between her mother's spread legs. Phoebe's pussy was very wet. She arched her back and presented her ass to me as I positioned myself behind her. I had to bend my knees a little to get down to her level, a posture that might have been uncomfortable for some guys, but my legs were flexible and I could sustain it. Hera leaned a little more forward, embedding her face into her mother's sopping cunt. Now it was she who was reaching up to massage a pair of -- very large -- breasts.
Two women were in my field of vision as I thrust into the pussy of one. Hera was enthusiastically licking and sucking on her mother's wet squirming labia, clit and opening, which looked to me surprisingly well shaped. Phoebe continued to mutter, moan and scream, bringing down blessings from the Goddess onto us all. In a couple of minutes she was indeed "over the top," she let out a high-pitched wail that she sustained for almost 15 seconds while her body went rigid. Then she went limp, breathing hard. Hera backed off for a moment.
"Taylor," she ordered. "Run and get my phone, it's in the pottery room. Then come back and fuck me some more, but film us all while you do it. I want a record of this."
I didn't have to be told twice, I knew this was a significant event in all their lives. The phone was easy to find, and Hera very trustingly gave me the pin number to activate it. I turned on the video as I was sliding my cock back into Hera's pussy, and I caught everything -- my cock thrusting slow and deep, Hera making yummy sounds into her mother's cunt, and Phoebe moaning and writhing in rapture.
"Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck, bless me sacred Goddess. Bless our passion, bless our FUCKing pleasure," she cried out sharply at a particularly strategic nip that Hera had applied.
I recorded two orgasms from Phoebe and one from Hera before we took a quick break. I made a run to the kitchen to grab three mugs of ice water, and we were still nearly breathless as we drank.
"Ok, let's continue," Hera said decisively as we drained our glasses. "Mom, get back on the bed, just the way you were. Taylor, give me the phone. I'll do the video. You fuck my mom."
"What?" I hesitated. Phoebe didn't hesitate. She was already on the bed, her legs open and ready.
"You fuck her. She's been wanting you to since she met you, and I've been wanting you to as well. The Goddess has changed her life," she nodded towards her mother, who nodded in return. "The inhibitions are gone. She knows she has the permission. She knows she has the desire. Yes, my dad will approve. You aren't cheating. Get that cock up there and plunge it inside her fucking horny needy cunt!"
It had come down to it. I couldn't really say I was surprised. I knew the desire had been there, from both of them. Hera had made no secret of it. Phoebe had been the coy one, always clothed, always directing the attention at Hera and I. Last Sunday must have been a huge game changer. I wondered what tomorrow's event would trigger.
I climbed up between Phoebe's thighs, and Hera guided my cock into her mother's still-liquid pussy. I plunged in deep. It was easy and slippery, but it was surprisingly tight. Her vaginal muscles took control, and synchronized to my thrusting rhythm. I wasn't expecting it to feel this good. It had been a long time since I had fucked a woman with pubic hair, and while Phoebe's was trimmed up a bit, it was still abundant by my standards. It felt a little strange on my pubis as my cock bottomed out within her. Still, it wasn't bad, just a little distracting at first, and I rapidly forgot about it.
Hera cheered loudly, and kept up a running commentary as we fucked. Phoebe chanted rapidly and breathlessly, giving thanks to the Goddess and invoking her further blessings. I didn't need to say anything, nor did I feel any inclination to stretch this out. Phoebe wanted me to cum in her pussy, and I was happy to oblige. No need to draw it out. I couldn't help feeling conflicted, my sex life had no doubt been weird the last couple of years and had recently been getting weirder, but this was at another level. Fucking my Number 3 girlfriend's mother, while she watched and cheered? Yet the mental dissonance, combined with the unexpected physical pleasure, brought me to an extra layer of intensity.
A few minutes of very primitive thrusting, a couple more orgasms for Phoebe, and I was squirting a considerable load inside her. Hera cheered. Phoebe recovered her breath while I was still inside her, slowly fading.
"You are the first man I've ever fucked other than my husband," she breathed triumphantly. "You won't be the last."
"Good God, I've created a monster!" I exclaimed, only half in jest.
"That, you have, young man," Phoebe smiled. "That, you have."
As soon as I slipped out, Hera slipped in, handing me the phone. I continued to film as the daughter licked our mixed cream out of the mother's entrance. It was a moment for the ages.
Phoebe rose up on her elbow and looked directly into the camera lens.
"Herakles, get ready. I'm coming for you next!" she giggled. Hera then had us all pose together for a sticky group shot, then recovered the phone from me. She quickly sent the debauched evidence to her dad's number, and then to my surprise clicked on an item entitled "The Tribe," which forwarded a copy to everyone in our group.
"I just added Rena to the group, is that ok?" she asked sweetly.
"I guess it won't do any harm," I shrugged.
Phoebe left for home, and probably an inspired evening with her husband, a few minutes later, and I stared at Hera.
"What just happened?"
"You were the vessel through which the blessings of the Goddess were passed to my Mother. You fucked her silly, you made her night, and she's going to be in a very good mood now."
"I'm curious about one thing," I mused. "In all this talk about the Goddess, nobody has mentioned her name. Is she Aphrodite? Venus? Ishtar?"
"Sometimes her name is Phoebe, sometimes it's Hera," the girl smiled. "I'm sure it can be Tethys, or Megan, or Sonia, or Joanne if you like."
"I kind of suspected that," I nodded. "There's a few logical breakdowns in that system, but I think we're looking for reassurance more than mathematical precision."
"Hey, I'm just channeling the Goddess, I don't check her spelling," Hera quipped. "Anyway, are you recovered enough from my mom to fuck me now? I'm feeling a little neglected."
Hera wanted to fuck, but she wanted a lot more than that. She wanted to challenge her pussy against my dick. And her mouth. And her hands. I was up to the challenge. My testicles have always been as tender as anyone else's, but my engorged cock had all the toughness of a steel railing, as long as no heat or abrasive was involved. She grabbed, she pulled, she twisted, she pinched, she slapped my shaft, and I gave as good as I got. I plunged deep and hard, she was tight and wet. And verbal.
"Fuck my hungry cunt, you mother fucker! Bang me! Pound me! Make that fucking Goddess proud!"
I wasn't sure what the Goddess used as criteria for proud approval, but I couldn't imagine her spurning an effort as energetic and intense as Hera's. There was an undercurrent of violence in Hera's passion. It wasn't a violence of hostility, more one of hunger. I'd thought of her as a sexual predator during our first coupling, the impression was even stronger now. But I wasn't intimidated. If the last few weeks had shown me anything, it was that I could handle the challenges that these hypersexual women were throwing at me. Tethys had prepared me well. For so long I had lived with the assumption that Tethys was exceptional: so horny, so demonstrative, so unique in her honest and unashamed desire to have other lovers on the side to keep her libido exercised. Now I had discovered that I was not so different after all, and that my own newly acquired network of lovers was enhancing my desire and my capacity in ways I until recently could not have imagined. Although there were distinct differences in sexual styles, one thing we all had in common was the idea of sex as a joyous, celebratory event, one that should be shared with fellow devotees. I could play that game. And if Hera wanted to play rough, I could dish it out as well as take it. Happily.
Nobody called the cops, so in hindsight we could say we must not have been excessively out of control, but by the time we collapsed from exhaustion around midnight, my dick felt raw, my nipples were sore, my balls bruised, my ass violated, and bite marks on my ears. On the other hand, Hera was walking stiffly, her voice was hoarse and her throat sore, and not just from the volume and pitch of her vocalizations. Her nipples were red and swollen, with reddish finger marks crisscrossing the fleshy swelling around them. Her clit had some bruising from the pulling and twisting of the inviting jewel embedded in her hood, much of that pulling and twisting had come from her own fingers -- but not all of it. One thing neither of us displayed was hand prints on our butts. The Goddess did not approve of spankings. She was more of a wrestler than hitter. That was fine. I didn't feel like I'd missed out on anything.
For the first time in my life I felt something comparable to performance anxiety --not for tonight as that performance was definitively over -- but for my ability to handle tomorrow's women at Joe and Jo's gathering. Hera shared the same concern about herself.
"Do you think you'll be recovered by tomorrow afternoon?" she asked as we showered together.
"I don't know, I've honestly never been in this position before," I shrugged, turning my back to her as she scrubbed it with a soapy sponge. "What about you?"
"My pussy is out of commission for at least a couple of days," she admitted. "It's never felt so raw and tender. Part of me regrets overdoing it like that, but part of me wants to do it again once I'm healed up."
"Seriously?" I was a little surprised. "It was fun at first, but don't you think we might have done some damage?"
"Yeah, we did," she answered cheerfully. "I know you were trying to hold back a bit there at the end, but even when I was sore I was having orgasms to die for. Those last couple of orgasms were painful, but still intensely satisfying."
"I was feeling a little like a rapist," I shook my head. "I've never pounded a woman like that before, and fuck, I was terrified when you kept telling me to pinch your nipples harder and harder."
"I don't know what got into me," she sighed. If you'd asked me yesterday whether I was into pain, I would have said 'hell no and get out of my house,' but I guess I was in a weird mood tonight, especially after you fucked my mom. By the way, I do want to thank you for fucking my mom. You made her very happy, and I'm sure she passed that happiness onto my dad."
"Do you think that was a one-time thing, or was it something that she'll be wanting more of?"
"Better prepare yourself, stud," she laughed. "I think you've only whetted her appetite."
"How often does a woman thank a man for fucking her mom?" I wondered out loud.
"You've said it yourself," Hera replied. "We're not mainstream. Our sexual identities don't match up with those of the larger society. Sexually, I think we're all pariahs by comparison to 'normal' people. I'm shocked we found each other so suddenly, but I'm glad we did. My mom is going to want you to keep fucking her, my dad will want you to keep fucking her, and I want you to keep fucking her. And I'm sure Tethys, Megan, Joanne, and Sonia will all approve too. Just make sure you don't stop fucking me... just not tonight."
We ended the evening with a mutual shaving, hoping to look and feel our best for tomorrow. After a good nights sleep, I felt a lot better, but Hera was still walking like Frankenstein's creature. She repeated the policy: No vaginal sex today. That didn't keep her from wanting her pussy to look as attractive as possible, so she gave it the same touch I'd seen when I first met her. She attached her gold chain to her pussy ring, and the polished porcelain pearl to the end of that. I suggested little bells instead, and Hera stuck her tongue at me. "Maybe next time," she sniped.
All dolled up, except for our clothing, which wasn't meant to last beyond the Hill's front door, we stopped by the local diner for breakfast. There was no hurry. Phoebe and Herakles met us there, and it was a very pleasant meal. I noticed with surprise that Herakles had shaved off his mustache.
"How long had you had that mustache?" I asked incredulously.
"Since before Hera was born," he smiled at her. "But it's never too late to change. My lip isn't the only thing that's freshly shaved."
"Dad!" Hera exclaimed so loudly that other table winced.
"I'm so proud of you!" she stage-whispered. "I can't wait to see it."
Hera's parents followed us to the Hill's in their car. We were reasonably early, and the only ones there before us were those that lived there. That included Angela and Rick, as Angela had moved back in with her parents and Rick was staying with her for the weekend. As soon as we walked through the door, we all shucked our clothes. That's when I stared at Phoebe and Herakles Florakis with real surprise, They were both freshly shaved between their legs.
"Oh my god! Mom and Dad!" Hera squealed with delight. "Dad! You look fucking amazing! That is such a beautiful dick!"
"Hera, what are you doing?" Her father sounded mortified as Hera immediately stepped up to him and grabbed his cock like she owned it. She knelt in front of him and closely examined shaft, foreskin, and the fleshy pad of his pubic area. She ran her fingers all along the bare skin that had so recently been hairy. She cupped his scrotum, pulled his testicles forward and lifted them for the view.
"Mom, did you shave Dad last night? You did a really god job on him. It's all smooth, no stubble!"
"Hera..."
"Relax, Dad," she grinned. "It's not like I never played with a cock before. We're all serving the Goddess, right? We have no secrets, and no taboos. This is an act of love, the Goddess will approve. You know I love you, Dad."
With that, she leaned forward, and plunged her mouth over her father's cock, sealing it in her mouth as her lips clamped tightly around it, sucking it all the way to its root, and nestling her chin into the folds at the front of his scrotum. Herakles had terror in his eyes. He stood petrified, as if pulling away would leave his cock behind in his daughter's mouth.
Phoebe moved beside him, resting one hand on his shoulder, one on his bare ass, and kissed his cheek. "Darling, she's right. Don't be upset. Let the Goddess move through her. She is blessed, and she's passing the blessing on to you." She spoke softly, but her husband continued to stammer incoherently.
"Hush, Sweetheart. Let it happen." She took her hand off her husband's shoulder and knelt beside him, close to Hera's face, now beginning to bob, and no longer quite able to enclose her father's full length now that his shaft was expanding and extending. Phoebe's other hand remained firmly clinched on his rump. Joe and Jo and Angela and Rick stood close by, silent, fascinated at the spectacle before them.
In spite of the look of consternation on his face, his cock really did have a mind of it's own, and soon Hera popped her mouth off of it, the wet shaft glistening with her slobber, and smiled up at her father. "Dad, you really taste good. Now I know why Mom can't get enough of you. I know you fuck her like she's the Goddess and you're a God of Pleasure. Don't you, Dad? And I came from the seed that spurted out this little slit into Mom's pussy. How can that not be beautiful? How can I not honor it? You helped give me life, Dad, and I love being alive. How could I not love you? You deserve the reward of the Goddess."
She plunged her mouth back onto the now fully hard, long, narrow cock that had spewed out her life 24 years previously, and gobbled it hungrily. As traumatized as he had been when she began sucking him, he seemed equally disappointed when she suddenly quit.
"It's Mom's privilege to finish you, at least the first time today. You may find yourself fucking me later, but not today. I'm still sore from Taylor. But you may fuck some other ladies today, right Mom?"
Phoebe nodded and smiled. Herakles shook his head.
"What have I done?" he whispered.
"The right thing!" Hera and Phoebe responded simultaneously, then laughed and high-fived one another.
"We have to have the whole group here before you get the most unusual fuck of your life, Dad. We don't want anyone to miss it."
It took a few minutes for my jaw to lift back up off the floor. I'd known for some time that Phoebe and Hera had wanted to include each other in their sexual lives, but some thin thread of propriety had prevented the complete loss of their inhibitions. I had believed that Herakles was part of that thread. Now that thread was irrevocably broken. Herakles still stood, shell-shocked. Mother and daughter stood together, smiling, seeming very self-satisfied.
Hera broke the spell. She turned to me, saying "This Goddess cult is going to work out really well for us!" Then she and her mother stepped forward towards the Hills, hugging and greeting all of them, including Rick, in turn. That was enough to trigger the buried sense of social decency within Herakles and myself. We stepped forward also, and exchanged more naked hugs of greeting.
Because we were early, our hosts hadn't yet completed all the preparations. We were quickly enlisted to assist in getting the place ready to entertain. Hera and Phoebe were sent to the kitchen to work on assembling the snack trays, while Angela, Rick and myself headed out back to finish cleaning the pool and the patio. Herakles was led to the living room sofa, set down, and given a mug of ice tea.
"We really didn't get properly introduced last week," Rick reached out his hand to invite a re-introduction. I returned his handshake cheerfully.
"Understandable," I grinned. "There are a lot of distractions around here."
"I had no idea what I was getting myself into with Angela," Rick shook his head.
"He was a virgin!" Angela stage-whispered towards me.
"Angie!" Rick sounded shocked, and turned beet red.
"Don't be embarrassed, it's more common than you think," she sniffed back. Just be grateful that I cured you of that affliction, and that I'm helping you make up for lost time."
It was a story I'd enjoy hearing, but only if it was entertaining, and only if it could be told without traumatizing poor Rick, who seemed at the moment to be wanting to be sinking into the ground in humiliation.
"Look," I added, "there's no shame in waiting for the right person. There are a lot of people out there who didn't wait, and they end up regretting it later. And think of it this way -- you're starting out with the best possible training and the best possible partner." I smiled at Angela, and she was smiling back proudly. "You start with the wrong experiences, and then instead of learning how good it can be you might have to spend years unlearning how bad it was. Believe me, I'm an expert in disappointing relationships. To be honest, I kind of wish I had been a virgin when I met Tethys. I'd have had a lot less baggage to lose."
The expression on Rick's face relaxed, and I thought I saw a hint of gratitude.
"Thanks for that," he responded. "I know twenty doesn't seem that old to you, but most of the guys I know use 'virgin' as a major put-down. It's not something I want people to know."
"Well it's not an issue now, is it?" Angela stood up straight, thrusting those small but firm brown breasts in his direction. "How many times have we fucked since we started going out? I've kept count, have you? Thirty four times in one month, that's how many. And how many times have you cum in my pussy? Twenty seven. How many times have you cum in my mouth? Five. How many times have you cum in my ass? One, so far. There will be more. By the way, your cum is delicious, your body is handsome, your cock is beautiful, and you're one of the nicest and smartest guys I've ever met. How many of your bragging friends measure up to any of that?"
Rick turned red all over again. The praise seemed to have left him just as embarrassed as the revelation. I made a quick visual appraisal of him, comparing it to his appearance of the previous week. In that short a period of time, he had changed visibly. His crotch had obviously gotten used to shaving, the red irritation splotches were gone. His posture was improved, he looked a little taller. There even seemed to be a touch more muscle tone.
"Are you working out?" I asked casually. "You're looking kind of buff."
The embarrassment vanished immediately, replaced by pride. "I started lifting weights a couple of weeks ago," he nodded. "I still get a little sore, but it feels good."
"Just let it be known I didn't tell him to do that," Angie added. "I was already attracted to him before. But knowing he has a huge potential in sexiness was an incentive. I really like what it's doing to him. Rick, you are a good looking guy, and I'm not the only girl that's hot for your body and wet for your cock. I know a few other ladies you're going to be fucking very soon, starting today. And I'm going to enjoy watching."
The blush returned, but this time it was accompanied by an involuntary smile. The idea was obviously not one he disagreed with.
"I can't believe how suddenly she's turned my life upside down," he tilted his head at me, nodding towards Angela. "I had no idea all of this nudist and polyamory stuff even existed until I met her. I was home-schooled, and I started college with very high scores on my academic tests, but I feel like an alien when it comes to knowing anything about the real world." Angela beamed proudly again.
"This isn't the real world, not in the conventional sense," I assured him. It's better, though. Most people don't know about lifestyles like ours. I didn't either, until I met Tethys. You're no more in the dark than most people are at their introduction to it, in fact you're better prepared than most because Angela really is an expert. It's in her blood. It runs in her family. You're a third generation nudist and polyamorist -- is that even a word? Is that right, Angela?"
"Yup," she nodded. "And I can't believe I almost gave it up because of that asshole Kirk. Six months that I won't get back. I guess every kid goes through a phase thinking that their parents are disgustingly uncool, and wanting to be as different from them as possible. I decided that the nudity and the group sex was perverted and weird, and I hardly would even speak to Mom and Dad. So I found a guy that reflected 'traditional' family values, and he spent the whole time talking about morality, watching my every move, hanging on Tucker Carlson's every word, and trying to get me to go to church with him. Oh, and only fucking me in pitch dark so he wouldn't see me, never wanting to eat my pussy but always wanting blow jobs, and then calling me foul names when he came thirty seconds later."
"Seems like a high price to pay for family distancing," I said.
"I was a fool. I finally came back to reality and dumped his ass, and then I jumped Rick's ass on the rebound. I figured he'd never knew what hit him, and I'd give him a thrill while finding my stride again. That rebound turned into a rocket ride, and now I don't want to come down. Rick's a stud, you see."
"How could he not be?" I smiled.
Angela narrowed her eyes at me. "I don't even know you, Taylor, I've literally met you one fucking time, how come I'm telling you my life story?"
"You had to tell somebody," I shrugged. "Rick already knows it, and I'm right here."
"Fuck." She shook her head. "I guess that comes with being part of The Tribe, you automatically trust everybody in it. Also, I spent a lot of time talking to Tethys. Even after last week. I trusted her fast, too. She's the one that came up with 'The Tribe' label for all of this. I like it, it fits how everybody comes together. Anyway, she told me pretty much everything about you, so I guess I do know you after all."
"Well, nice to meet you then," I laughed. "Maybe somebody will tell me all about you. You've already made a good start."
"I'm sure my parents have already told you about me," she mused.
"Ah, but they don't know you. They're uncool and perverted, and don't understand you as well as Kirk."
"Fuck off!" she snapped. Rick giggled. "Tethys already told me you could be a sarcastic bastard. I've already admitted I was a fool. I don't want to have to repeat it."
"Sorry, just teasing, as we sarcastic bastards are prone to do," I admitted. "Actually from what I've heard about you so far, you're a very sharp and perceptive woman."
"Ok, I'll take that as not sarcastic for now," she answered.
"Anyway, speaking of family, can you believe what Hera just did with her dad? That was mind blowing! Well, more than just mind, obviously. I love my dad, but for sure not in that way! That can't be something they do regularly, can it?"
"Well, if they do, I'd say it's the first her dad's heard about it," I smiled. "I was pretty shocked too, but I can't say I was totally surprised. I think she's been wanting to do that for a long time. I'd guess Hera's pansexual, her mind doesn't make the same distinctions that other peoples' do. I'm sure of one thing, though. I do trust her. She's not going to fuck anybody outside the tribe."
Angela shook her head again. "I guess I'm just as pervy as everyone else here, then. I got turned on watching it, and if she fucks her dad, I want to see it happen."
"Me too," said Rick.
It was at that moment that Tethys walked out onto the patio, accompanied by Carl, Megan, and Rena. As soon as she saw me Tethys quickened her pace, opened her arms, and wrapped me in a joyous naked embrace, which I enthusiastically returned.
"I may be a slut," she softly grinned into my ear, "but I'm a slut who's missed you."
"I wouldn't have you any other way," I returned as soon as my lips released hers from a second kiss. "Did you have a good day at the lake?"
"Glorious as always," she smiled. "Pretty eventful, actually. Last week I went for a walk with Joe's cum dripping out of my pussy, and I met Mimi and Ray. Yesterday I went for a walk with Carl's cum dripping out of my pussy, but I didn't meet anybody. It was nice too. I've spent so much time training my cunt to hold a man's cum inside it without leaking, that I forgot how nice it felt just to let it flow. It tickles a little, but it feels incredibly sexy when everyone else can watch me drip. It's almost as much fun as them watching me fuck."
"Well, as long as you're not an exhibitionist, I think that's all just fine," I said in mock seriousness.
"Now why would anybody think I'm an exhibitionist, just because I like to be naked in public, and suck cocks in public, and eat pussy in public and fuck in public, and drip cum out of my pussy in public?"
"It's a totally unreasonable assumption, it all sounds pretty innocent as far as I can tell," I responded, and the group laughed. "So, who's pussy did you eat?"
"Nobody you know well, just Jo's and Megan's and Rena's."
"Rena?" My surprise was genuine. I tuned to Megan's mother, who had been listening to the banter since it began.
"Yes, Megan dragged me with them for the day," she sighed dreamily. "I worked out with weights for the first time in my life, was naked in public for the first time in my life, fucked two men on the same day for the first time in my life, ate pussy for the first time in my life -- and it was delicious -- and had my pussy eaten for the first, second, third and fourth time in my life. Two of those times were by women -- for the first and second times in my life. Oh, and the orgasms. Five or six, I lost count at some point."
"So, just a normal day, then," I offered, to a few more snickers.
I looked more closely at Rena. She seemed to be carrying herself differently. The anger and suspicion from the previous week was nowhere to be seen. There was pride in her posture, her eyes, and her voice. Pride and happiness, even excitement.
"So what was the revelation?"
"You were, partly. And Megan, of course. I also spent a lot of time talking with Tethys and Joanne and Phoebe over the week. Poor Tethys, I hope she didn't lose too much time working on her painting because of me. Everybody said more or less the same thing, that my fear of sex and sexuality was understandable and reasonable given what I'd been through, but that was a long time ago, and we're in a very different situation now. All of them said that letting go of my fears and my negative beliefs would open up a huge space for joy to fill me, and I could see it in my Megan, the difference it was making in her life. It wasn't easy, really, but I decided to do it. I was terrified stripping off at Carl's house for the workout, but after a few minutes it all felt natural, and watching Tethys start the session out with her sloppy seconds fuck from Carl was totally wild and exciting. I saw how much everyone enjoyed it, and how it set a positive tone for the whole workout. Then I was terrified again getting naked at Hippie Hollow, but again, I realized that fear was all in my head and not in the atmosphere of the place. And then I felt so much at home, and seeing Tethys and Megan and Jo enjoy themselves so much by just allowing their sexuality to flow, I knew I wanted to be part of it. I know now that this Tribe is the best thing that ever happened to me, and I'm here because Megan met you and Tethys. I can't thank you enough."
"You've already thanked us plenty," broke in Tethys. "And when I say the pleasure is ours, it's not just an expression." She looked at me. "You going to be fucking her tonight, Taylor. She'll enjoy that. I don't know if she's ready for Henri yet, but we can at least get them acquainted."
Megan pushed into my body next to Tethys, and inevitably grabbed my cock in the process. "Mom's not the only one who had a first yesterday. I had my ass fucked for the first time."
Angela whooped. "You go, girl!" and offered her a high five, which Megan returned. "Who did it? My dad, right?" Megan smiled and nodded. Angela returned the nod. "My mom and dad are butt-fucking freaks. I think almost half the sex they do is anal. Sometimes I'm surprised my mom didn't just poop me out of her butthole." She laughed at her own joke.
"He's fucked Sonia's ass before, she really enjoyed that," Tethys remembered.
"He's really good," Megan continued. "He knew I was a beginner, and he was real gentle. He knew just when to push and when to hold back. It might have hurt a little at first, but just for a few seconds. Then it felt amazing. Still, I think I like it best in my pussy."
"You should give Rick a try," Angela suggested. He's a bit of a beginner too, he's gotten in my ass just once so far, but he seems to be a quick learner. He actually did it very well. I'm like you, though, Megan. A butt fuck is mostly a novelty act for me, I mostly like it in the official hole. My parents, though..."
In my own memory, which only stretched back a few weeks, Joe had definitely fucked Sonia in the ass. It was a vivid memory, because I had been fucking her pussy at the same time. It had been at Sonia's insistence, she had been inspired by seeing Joe fuck his wife's ass just prior. So Angela wasn't completely wrong, although I didn't recall Joe and Jo making anal a huge percentage of the fucking that I had seen.
"Anyway, Rick," Angela continued to talk through my reverie, "if Megan's ok with it, even if you don't do her ass, you should still fuck her sometime today or tonight. She's extremely sexy, and I've been telling you that in order to get more experience you need to fuck more women. Megan, did you know I'm the only girl Rick has ever had sex with?"
"Really?" Megan grinned. "Well, we'll have to change that right away, won't we? Oh, and Taylor," she continued. "I've got another song I want to sing while I fuck you. If we do karaoke tonight that will be great. Even if we don't, though, I'm going to sing for everybody while I ride your cock."
Tethys smiled. "You're going to be a busy man, Taylor. I better get a piece of you before somebody else takes you."
We split up into couples, I went into the pool with Tethys, Megan let go of my cock long enough to grab Rick's, and Angela and Carl began to get acquainted on their own.
Tethys was right again. As much as she said she'd missed me, I'd missed her. Fucking Hera and her mom had been intense, and great fun, Megan was always a joyful adventure, Sonia remained my ebony fantasy, and Joanne's expertise left no pleasure sensation unexperienced. I considered myself fortunate to know and enjoy all these girls, but for me it was Tethys who was the foundation of it all, Tethys who had made it possible, who had assembled The Tribe, Tethys who somehow was filling my world with beautiful loving, happy, hypersexual women.
But that wasn't why I loved her. Long before I'd known of these other women, when Tethys was the only one I was seeing, when I was sharing her only with Carl, she was my dream girl, the center of my desire, the one who satisfied me, thrilled me, the focus of my obsession. She'd insisted that I should be fucking other women, it was only fair, she'd said, since she was fucking another man. But I didn't pursue any, because my heart was filled with Tethys. I needed no one else. Then she overcame my hesitation. I didn't have to pursue any other women, because Tethys brought them to me, offered them to me, shared them with me. How could I resist? And the last few weeks I'd been having all the sex I could imagine wanting, with all the women I could possibly handle, and even more to come. But the more I was seeing these other women, the less I was seeing Tethys. They were all great people: witty, fun, affectionate, intelligent, beautiful, interesting, and eager to please me sexually, and to be pleased by me. What man could want more? But they weren't Tethys. Tethys owned my heart, and I'd give up all these lovely ladies if I had to choose between them and Tethys.
Could I explain why, objectively? Was it her face? Her body? Her tits? Her pussy? Her personality? Her character? Her laughter? Her cocksucking skills? Her honesty? Her understanding of me? Her eyes? Her ass? Her dreams? Her skin color? The texture of her hair? The tiny mole under her left armpit? The only possible answer was "yes."
No matter how many women I was and would be fucking, Tethys was my one and only. And here, now, in the midst of this orgy, Tethys was the only woman I wanted. I'd been too long without her.
I wrapped my arms around my woman.
"I love you, Tethys Parios." My lips covered hers before she could murmur a verbal response. Her response was physical. She reached down and grabbed my ass cheeks, pulling me into her, trapping my fully extended flight deck between our two bellies. Her return kiss was warm, wet, and tasty. It was long and deep, lasting through several vigorously nasal breaths. Finally she extricated herself long enough to speak.
"Fuck me, you fool," she said.
In classic Tethys style, she didn't go in much for foreplay. Just thinking about sex was enough to get her wet, she liked anticipation, as long as it didn't last much more than thirty seconds. It's not that she didn't enjoy all the other sensual activities. She loved oral sex of all kinds, giving and receiving, to and from both women and men. She responded happily and enthusiastically to her pussy being eaten, to caresses, to kisses, to massages, and even to whispered sweet nothings. But none of that was to get her warmed up. They were all accessory pleasures, companions to the main event, or even following it. One of the reasons she liked me, and it was probably true for everyone in our group, was that once I'd cum, I wasn't done. I was always willing to continue with "foreplay," along with devoted cuddling, even after my immediate ejaculatory needs had been satisfied. Most of the prior men in her experience, she'd told me, were pretty much useless after their perfunctory jism.
Her order was not difficult to obey. I did, however, prefer to fuck her out of the water. Part of it was the chlorine, part the dilution of our natural juices by the water, but mostly because we'd be more visible up on the patio. I knew Tethys wanted to be watched, and recently, at least in present company, I totally agreed with her. I grabbed her up in my arms and carried her towards the shallow end, walking her up the concrete steps in the corner. She giggled as I hauled her into the grass of the back yard, pausing at the recliners we'd been in before to grab our towels. I set ours down next to another towel, already spread out, where Megan was on her knees in front of a very satisfied-looking Rick, her mouth sinking down over an impressive portion of his length. Rick acknowledged us with a quivering nod, and Megan backed off for a moment.
"Angela said I could borrow him," she puffed happily. Rick looked perfectly willing to be borrowed.
I dropped Tethys on our towel, and arranged her so that she was facing Megan and Rick, her face inches away from the intersection of mouth and cock. She knew immediately what the plan was, positioning herself on her hands and slightly splayed knees, presenting her ass and her enticingly moist pussy in my direction. Leaning forward a little could put her in contact with the focus of Megan and Rick's action, and those two didn't move away. I settled in behind her, and maneuvered my aircraft carrier into her flooded dock. My movements were steady and smooth, she liked a gradual start, as long as I went in deep. I hovered a moment at the deepest penetration, allowing her internals to adjust to my size and shape. I felt the tip of my cock pushing gently into her cervix, and smiled. There was a fine line between hitting the cervix so hard that it was painful, and making the kind of gentle contact that sent her through the rafters with pleasure. My length and her depth were perfectly matched for that sensation. As I felt the resistance of that muscular terminus, I grabbed the sides of her hips and moved them up and down, alternating the pressure on the top and bottom flesh of her pleasure tube. She loved that.
Tethys added her own side to side wiggle and gasped with the enjoyment of sensation and surroundings.
"You two are beautiful," I heard her say to Megan's mouth and Rick's cock. Megan's response was to pop off Rick once more, grab the cock in question and bend it to the side, pointing it towards her face. Tethys took the proffered flesh, and leaned forward to take it most of the way down her throat. I knew she'd have had no trouble swallowing it balls deep if she were in Megan's position in front, but I was impressed that she could also get so deep from the side. She hummed as she gargled on it, then backed off and returned it to it's rightful borrower.
"He's a tasty treat, isn't he?" she observed to Megan.
"The young hispanic girl nodded as she plunged her lips back downward along the slippery shaft. Coming up for air once more she gasped and grinned. "Angela chose well."
Angela and Carl chose that moment to appear on the opposite side of Megan and Rick from us. They set their towel down and Angela kneeled into a mirror image or Tethys' posture, facing her across from Rick's glistening wet shaft. Carl waited a moment for her to position herself, and then unceremoniously slid his cock into her, and assumed a rhythmic thrusting that was the same frequency as my own.
"I have an idea," Megan said, as she stood up and turned her back on Rick. She knelt down quickly and took up the same doggy style posture as Tethys and Angela, so that when she backed into Rick's cock, both of the other ladies were in tasting distance of the spot where Rick disappeared inside her.
I imagine that to a third party, the scene would be both comical and mechanical, but also harmonious as our movements synchronized. Three men thrust in and out of our partners in a matched tempo, so that the two side ladies swayed forward towards each other simultaneously, at full forward their lips separated only by Rick's gleaming shaft. At the same time, Megan had pulled forward also, out to her own near-withdrawal distance, giving enough rump clearance so that Tethys and Angela could converge. They pushed a lipsmack onto the sides of Rick's cock, and then as they all moved back, hitting maximum depth for the penis team, Angela and Tethys could then each plant a kiss on the opposite sides of Megan's fine and fully penetrated rump. Had someone hooked up a camshaft to us, I think it would have rotated smoothly.
The arrangement felt great, looked clever, and was thoroughly entertaining, but it didn't seem to be leading any of us towards orgasm. The girls were giggling too loudly, and exaggerating the smacking sounds of their lips on the alternating presentations of male and female flesh. Megan was the only one with lips unoccupied, and the one most likely to enjoy an undistracted orgasm, until Sonia suddenly appeared and crouched down right in front of her.
"You are so adorably cute!" she exulted, planting four kisses on Megan's face. She got the lips, forehead, and each cheek, and after pausing for a moment to enjoy the view, she added another on the tip of Megan's nose. Megan smiled at her, and without changing her pace, began to smack even more forcefully into Rick's thrusts.
"Don't you look sexy!" she added as I felt her drape one arm over my shoulder, while the other hand slid down my back, took a squeeze of my butt cheek, and then reached below to stroke the rear of my quivering balls as Tethys bounced against them. All I got was a few seconds as her attention rapidly shifted to Tethys in front of me. She leaned over my girlfriends bronze back, stroked her shoulders, and then slapped her ass.
"That's a fine butt you got on you, girl. Round and tight and firm as fuck. You must lift weights or something."
Sonia made the rounds. She had sweet things to say for each of the six-some, accompanied by sensuous touches for all. Where until now, the sex had been mostly giddy comedy, Sonia's encouragement had amped up the eroticism, and what were giggles were becoming genuine moans.
"What... did you do... with Henri?" Tethys gasped, as my thrusts were becoming steadily more emphatic.
"Hera jumped on him as soon as we walked through the door," Sonia smirked. "I would say that they're inside right now getting reacquainted, but I see them right now on the patio."
Tethys and I were the least well-placed to see them, they were almost in the direct view of the other couples. We twisted our necks to see them, which disrupted the three-way rhythm. Fortunately, the others paused while we looked. Hera was indeed standing next to Henri under the covered porch, one hand bravely attempting to wrap itself around his half-hard black sausage. Hera couldn't resist using men's cocks as handles, or even crutches, I thought. Anywhere a penis was conveniently located, she'd grab it and then hold on for dear life.
"I can see what I want," Sonia announced, and lay down on her back, wriggling beneath Megan and scooting back until her face was directly below the merging point of Rick's cock and Megan's cunt. The rhythm of the three couples picked up again, while Sonia took advantage of her position to thoroughly wrap her tongue around the accessible genitals. She even managed to get Rick's balls completely into her mouth for a quick second every few thrusts.
Rick and Megan were being visibly affected by the extra stimulation, and I'd already arrived at the conclusion that Rick, in his relative inexperience, would be the first to blow, and Sonia wasn't making it any easier on him. The enhanced eroticism was leaving none of us untouched, I could feel Tethys twitching the muscle of her vaginal canal seemingly involuntarily as her excitement built. My own cock seemed to be more sensitive, tingling sensations building around the base, halfway up the shaft, and the head. Megan and Angela both suddenly and simultaneously cried out their moaning orgasms, and only seconds later, Rick let loose an ample load into Megan's pussy. Sonia, never known for her patience, waited only a few seconds after Rick's cock stopped pulsating before she pulled it free from its sloppy haven and devoured its dripping residue. Then she placed equal emphasis on savoring the pale cream oozing from Megan's pussy. That involved more licking and lapping of Megan's clit, and she quickly responded with another orgasm.
Angela reached over to Rick and puled him down for a long kiss, which he returned gratefully. Then he got up and staggered towards the pool. Megan made a dripping beeline towards Hera and Henri, who by now were joined by Rena, Phoebe, Herakles, Joe, and Jo, gathered around the edge of the pool patio. For now, Angela and Carl, and Tethys and me were the only ones fucking. Most of the eyes were on us. There was no cock separating the lips of Tethys and Angela now, and they exchanged wet and passionate kisses while Carl and I grinned at each other across the two flawless brown bodies. I knew I could outlast Carl if I wanted to, but at the moment there was really no reason to draw it out. Both women wanted to be filled, and the audience wanted to see it happen.
"Are you ready?" I huskily asked Tethys. "Oh, yes, Oh yes!" she answered. I sped up my thrusting, and reach forward and under her to cup and pinch her swaying breasts. Carl followed my lead as he thrust deep and fast into Angela. Her parents left their seats and came up close to watch. I was used to how Phoebe reacted to Hera's fucking, but this was the first time I'd seen the Hills respond so directly to their daughter's fucking.
"You fuck so beautifully, sweetheart," Joanne whispered to her, and Joe added "Just like your mother, baby."
"Your pussy is so wet and gorgeous with Carl's big cock inside you," her mother continued. "I know how good it feels for you, because it's so good when he fucks me. Do you like fucking for Mommy and Daddy? Do you like us seeing you squirm with the big hard hot wet cock filling your beautiful little cunt?"
Angela responded with a long, rising moan, echoed almost immediately by a similar, but lower pitched moan from Carl. They came together, and triggered a sudden, explosive orgasm from Tethys. As her already tight pussy squeezed my cock even harder, and her shriek of pleasure filled the yard, I let go. The sensation was beyond intense, it felt like I would pass out as the pleasure exploded through both my cock and the top of my head. My intense night before with Hera had left me sore and sensitive, but I had recovered a lot quicker than I'd expected to. When I came back to my senses, Tethys was sucking Carl's fading cock clean, Joanne was slurping on mine, and Angela was lapping the residue from Tethys' pussy. Joe was squeezing his own cock.
"Mom, come on over here, we need to take care of Joe," I heard Megan's voice approach once more, and she led her naked mother over to our spent group. Rena looked torn between embarrassment and enthusiasm, and Joe stood up to meet her.
"I can help you if you want me to," he told her.
"Remember yesterday at the lake!" Joanne pulled off my cock long enough to say, and Megan repeated the endorsement.
"He really fucked you good yesterday, Mom, go for another one."
"Joanne looked up at me and smiled. "Excuse me," she said, and then she stood to join her husband, Megan and Rena.
"It's therapy, Rena," she said. "This isn't a one time fling. You're going to get used to fucking all of us regularly, as often as you want. And if you just want a friend, we're here for that too."
This could get interesting, I thought. Hera brought over another large towel, and Rena and Joe settled down on it, with Joanne and Megan next to them as emotional support. Tethys and I lay back on our own towel, facing them. She snuggled into me, her ass pressing into my still-sticky cock, my hands wrapped around her front, gently massaging her breasts and nipples. She sighed contentedly.
Rena and Joe were opposites in so many ways, Joe confident but patient, Rena newly inspired and eager, yet still nervous. Joanne and Megan sat close to her, whispering encouragement, stroking her gently. Rena was undergoing an amazing transformation before our eyes. She'd had sex only a handful of times in her life, the first time a rape, which shouldn't even count as sex, one that had produced Megan. Yet in spite of the circumstances, her extreme youth, and the horrible reaction of her own parents who should have nurtured her through it, she had brought up Megan with complete love and devotion, sacrificing her own happiness for her daughter. Now she was old beyond her years, yet with the inexperience of a novice. Now she was making up for lost time. In the last week, seeing Megan's passion and joy, she finally began to comprehend the idea of experiencing love, pleasure, and happiness of her own.
"Mom, you deserve this," Megan was whispering to Rena as she gently stroked her hair. "You've spent your whole life taking care of me, loving me like a daughter. I love you so much, Mom. I love you as my mother. Now you need to be loved like a woman."
Megan reached up and grabbed Joe by his swollen cock, then pulled him down to his knees in front of her mother. Joe did not resist. He remained kneeling, his cock still being squeezed and stroked by Megan's free hand.
Rena nodded, and both Megan and Joanne lay her onto her back on the blanket. She shivered a little, and Joanne snuggled up to her on one side. Megan released Joe, and sat at her mother's head, cradling it in her naked lap. Joe lay beside her on the other side of his wife. They both began gently kissing her cheeks, and softly slipping their fingers across the skin of her breasts and belly.
"You're a beautiful woman, Rena," Joanne whispered, and Rena looked up into her daughter's eyes.
"Am I doing ok?" she asked shyly. "You're doing great, Mom, I'm so proud of you."
Rena smiled, and closed her eyes.
"Things are different now, Mom. There's no one here that will hurt you." She raised her head and looked at me. She smiled, and whispered again. "And later you'll find out that Taylor is amazing too, but I'll bet you already suspect that."
Tethys giggled, and wiggled her ass more deeply into my crotch. I may have turned a little red. "One saintly man at a time, Megan," she chuckled. "Stay focused, now." Megan winked at us.
Joanne continued softly caressing Rena's body, and Rena smiled through her closed eyes. When Joe began to stroke her feet, she opened her eyes and smiled at him. The stroking became a full massage, one foot at a time, at first gently and then more deeply. It was obvious this was another of his many talents, and it was just as obvious that Rena was a sucker for this particular talent. It made sense, of course. She was on her feet all day most days, and she didn't have anyone to come home to who could comfort them. From her squirming and moaning, it seemed likely that she would be just as happy to continue the foot rub without worrying about the sex.
Phoebe arrived with her phone to video the proceedings. "You should record this so you can look back on it and smile later," she pronounced. Rena nodded, but didn't open her eyes.
When Joanne leaned in and took Rena's nipple between her lips, Megan's mother squealed so loud and jerked so hard that for a moment it seemed she was trying to escape. But before Jo could pull back, she wrapped an arm around her shoulders and with a laugh, pulled her in deeper.
"Oh god this feels so good!" she gasped, as Jo's free hand began massaging her other breast. Joe moved in and somehow managed to keep his hand massaging Rena's feet while his face dipped between her thighs and began licking her pussy. Rena responded with an explosive, loud orgasm, one that she was happy to share with all of us.
Suddenly I felt a grip around my re-hardened cock,a very wet one. Tethys, inspired by the view, had with some deft wiggling and twisting managed to slide her still-soaked pussy back onto my cock without using her hands, or without me having to move. I was immersed in my own sloppy seconds. There was no danger of refilling her with semen just yet, because once she was fully embedded she was content to just lie there, adding enough muscular contractions to keep my shaft interested.
Joe changed positions, sliding his hands upwards to below Rena's knees, lifting them up and positioning himself between her thighs. His cock plunged in easily, and began to stroke in a strong but slow rhythm. Rena orgasmed again at about the second thrust, and then her hips started moving to meet Joe's. Joanne kept her lips on Rena's nipple, suckling and licking.
Rena opened her eyes, stared up at Joe for a moment, then lifted them up and back towards her daughter's face.
"Baby, your mommy's turning into a fuck slut. I love to fuck so much. I never thought it would be so good! Am I bad?"
"No, Mommy. It's beautiful. You're wonderful. You have good men to fuck now, not like the bastards you knew before. You're fucking with love and joy and safety now, so fuck all these guys as often as you feel like it. You might have to fight me for them every now and then, though," she smiled.
"I can do that," Rena smiled back, and closed her eyes again.
By the time Joe had finally filled her pussy to overflowing, Rena had cum twice more, and was exhausted. This wasn't something she was acclimated for.
"I'm a little sore," she breathed, and Megan giggled.
"I was sore after I fucked Taylor and Carl at first, but it was worth it. I got over it fast. You will too. Just pace yourself, and soon you can go at it all day long."
"I don't know about all day long, but I've always dreamed of having super-active sex life. I couldn't tell anybody, because, well, nobody respected me as it was, and then later I gained weight and nobody who had any good taste wanted me."
"That's not true!" Joe burst out at the same time I did. We looked at each other and laughed.
"First, you're not that heavy, and second, you're a beautiful woman whatever your weight," I continued.
"Compared to me you're like a willow branch," added Phoebe, who was definitely more padded than Rena.
Rena smiled ruefully. "Megan, when I got pregnant with you I was as slim as you are, but not as muscular." She looked around at Jo and Tethys. "You girls look amazing, and I let myself go. Working out yesterday felt so good even with the soreness I had later. I know how hard you work at staying in shape, and I never even tried until now. I feel like I'm starting a new life, and that means a new attitude and a new lifestyle. I'm going to get in shape and give Megan a run for her money," she smiled.
Megan set an adoring gaze on her mother. "If you want I'll be your coach. And I bet you are going to set the world on sexy fire!"
Phoebe leaned forward and kissed Rena on the forehead. "I feel ashamed now. Actually, I've been ashamed for a long time. I've got no excuse, I should be taking better care of myself and getting into shape too. Let's do it together!"
"We've got it now!" Joe laughed. "Carl, get over here! You need to witness this! You too, Taylor and Tethys. Angela! Everybody, stand around!"
Sonia and Henri approached, and even Hera braved the sunlight for the announcement.
"We have a vow from certain sexy women that they are soon going to look like fitness models," Joe proclaimed. "Considering that several other sexy ladies here already look like fitness models, and Carl does too, and Taylor and Henri almost do, I believe it's time to announce the formation of the Greater Austin Nudist, Orgy, and Fitness Club."
"Also known as 'The Tribe,'" Tethys added.
I thought Joe was just being dramatic, but he was sincere. Although he and Jo had recently joined a commercial gym, the stories of Carl's home gym, and the nudist workouts held there, had already inspired him.
"Carl's place is great, but it can't handle all of us and he and Sonia will be gone this fall anyway, right? Touring China as rock and roll gods?"
"Not just China," Sonia corrected. "And the word for me is 'Goddess.'"
"Noted!" he noted with a smile. "So we have room here, we're retired with no requirements to be anywhere, Carl has inspired me to want to be as jacked as I can be, my wife wants to work out with me, so why not put together our own home gym? When we consider our monthly fees at the commercial gym, it could pay for itself in a few years. I'd love to have everyone here come over whenever they want to work out."
"Whenever they want?" I asked. "Are you sure? I hope that wouldn't be a decision you'd regret later."
"It's not like the whole city would be coming over," he shrugged. "There are no strangers here. I'm sure Carl will still be welcoming people at his place, even when he and Sonia are out of town. Jo and I and Angela and Rick will use our setup, and then whoever else isn't using Carl's."
"I will," said Herakles. "If Phoebe wants to start working out, I want to be there with her. We just need to get a realistic schedule."
"I'm shamed, now," Hera sighed. "I thought I could stay in shape from fucking alone. Now it looks like all you fuckers are going to leave me in the dust if I don't shape up. I'll work out with you, Mom and Dad, as long as you promise to fuck in the middle of your workouts where I can see you like people do at Carl's place."
"You've been wanting to watch your father and I fuck for a long time, haven't you Precious," Phoebe cocked her head.
"Longer than you know," Hera answered.
Joe spent much of the rest of the afternoon huddled with Carl, discussing the ins and outs of home gyms, while the rest of us relaxed around the pool and the patio. The sexual tension had at least partially, and temporarily, dissipated, there were so many other things to talk about, so many snacks to enjoy, so much sunshine to soak in. The Tribe had distributed itself into a collection of small, temporary groups, as people joined and left conversations almost at random. The voices were happy, the laughter was frequent but mellow rather than raucous. Tethys had long since pulled herself away from my cock and was deep into a conversation with Hera about the online art market, a conversation which Rena was, to my surprise, paying very close attention. Rick, Angela, Megan and Henri were good-naturedly arguing about the upcoming football season, while Phoebe and Joanne were talking with Herakles about international trade policy. Sonia joined me and snuggled in comfortably.
Ok, the sexual tension wasn'tcompletelygone!
"Did you ever imagine that your life would end up the way it has now?" she purred, as I wrapped an arm over her front and massaged a breast, as her very firm ass took the place pressed into my re-hardening cock that Tethys had vacated some time before.
"Until I met Tethys all I had was imagination," I sighed in my own contentment. "As of now, I don't think I would use the phrase 'end up' to describe where I'm at now. I've got a long way to go before I 'end up' anywhere, I hope."
"Good point," she nodded, tilting her head back until her neck contacted my lips, which I dutifully and happily kissed. Her skin was not only stunning to the eye, it was tasty on the tongue as well.
"Your girl Tethys kind of changed my outlook on life too," she mused. "Yeah, I had Henri and he was great then just like now, but I think we were starting to drift into a rut. Not his fault, he was focused on making the restaurant work and I was trying to help the band become something other than a garage group. I needed the modeling gig to make ends meet at the time. Tethys re-energized me, and that energy spilled back on to Henri and the band, too. I give her part of the credit for our successful tour last year, and it's part of the reason Henri has been so happy with the restaurant."
"Really? Tethys hasn't mentioned any of that to me."
"That's because the girl doesn't have a fucking clue what kind of affect she has on people," Sonia grinned. "She thinks she's just a slut nudist with a hyperactive sex drive, but that's just the surface expression. For me, she's kind of redefined my reality, how my sexuality intersects with my creativity, my attitude, and my feelings towards other people. I played at being a sex goddess on stage before I met Tethys, afterwards it was real."
"Well, she did completely transform my reality too," I agreed. "I may not even be the same person any more. If nothing else, my sexual stamina and recovery has increased by orders of magnitude."
"So I've heard," she snickered. "Which means you should be able to fit my pussy into your busy cock schedule more often than you have so far. I've been feeling a little neglected by you."
"Seriously? I always thought you didn't have time."
"Talk to your lady friend and see what you can do to block me in. I'm busy, sure, but we don't leave town for a couple of months yet, and as much as I like getting fucked by Henri and Carl, I still need more of it from you. "
I was speechless. I had been in awe of Sonia ever since Tethys had first shown me a picture of her, and the few times I had so far fucked this sultry black goddess were events that my memory treasured. I had always wanted more, but I had no idea I rated so highly with her.
"By the way," she changed the subject, "Is Megan going to be riding your cock while she sings a song again tonight?"
"She's threatened to."
"What you two did last week was pure fire. Megan doesn't appreciate what a vocal artist she is, when I get back from Asia I might want to spend some time with her to see what she's capable of and what she wants. And she's sexy as fuck, too. You're not so bad yourself, Taylor, speaking of. You've got a great voice of your own. Maybe we can do a duet sometime."
My cock forgot that it had spent itself inside Tethys just a short time before. Sonia had it raging hard now. She twisted her body towards me and lay her head on my chest as one hand grabbed my eager manhood and held it straight up for her to study.
"This is what I like to see," she sighed. "The Flight Deck cleared for action and at battle stations. You know," she continued, lifting her face towards mine and giving my mouth a happy kiss, "I think I'm going to be wanting to take a cruise on your vessel from time to time. Save a cabin in First Class, will you?"
Who cares about a little mixed metaphor when you're going to be boarded by such a scrumptious passenger! My only regret was that after giving my ballsack a final affectionate squeeze, she got up and swayed back towards the porch, rejoining Henri.
Megan did in fact want to ride my cock while she sang that night. Joanne kicked off the music once more, starting with a rendition of Bonnie Raitt's "Something to Talk About." She sounded good, sultry seductive, and energetic all at once.
"Let's give them something to talk about
A little mystery to figure out
Let's give them something to talk about
How about love, love, love, love?"
I wasn't sure about the 'mystery' part. None of us were leaving much to the imagination.
Sonia got up next. She'd obviously been looking forward to this.
"Last week I wasn't ready to sing any of my own stuff, but now I have a little more of a backing track," she announced. "I'm going to try it. Feel free to boo if you don't like it."
"Don't be ridiculous, girl!" Tethys shouted back.
"This song is called 'Erotic Goddess,'" Sonia continued. "I'll be singing it on our tour. You guys are the first ones to hear it other than Henri and the band."
The introduction had a guitar-heavy thump to it, that transitioned into a funky rhythm.
"You're not my one and only, you're just my everything
Your love moves deep inside me, it makes me want to sing
But I can live without you, don't think it's guaranteed
Give me your fire, your sweaty soul, you'll have the best of me
The music changed again, her pitch rose, she sounded to me amazingly like Tina Turner in her heyday.
Love me with your body, Baby, love me with your mind
Love me from above me, Baby, love me from behind
....
Slide your love inside me Baby, love me skin to skin
Let me open up for you, and hold you deep within
We won't be caged together, you and I are free
To share our joy with others, our sensuality
We're home when we're together, safe from stormy seas
I'll lock the world out of my heart, you have the master key
....
Love me with your body, Baby, love me with your mind
Love me from above me, Baby, love me from behind
....
I'll drink your spewing passion, you taste my flowing love
I'll ride your sweaty body, I'll fit you like a glove
....
Love me with your body, Baby, love me with your mind
Love me from above me, Baby, love me from behind
Fill me with your sweetness, Baby, overflow with love
I'm your Erotic Goddess, Baby, cumming from above"
Another song that absolutely needed to be performed naked. I had no idea how she was going to do that on stage in Asia, but here in the Hill's living room it seemed the most natural thing in the world to do. I wondered if Megan would want to sing that song while fucking me. Then I wondered if Sonia would want to sing that song while fucking me. I loved the power of music!
Next up was my turn. I hadn't really given much thought to what I would sing, but if we were going to do this weekly, I sure didn't want to be that boring guy who sings one song, the same song, week after week. I made a quick mental list of the songs I knew fairly well, and one suddenly leaped into my brain. I could do it, but it would be a challenge. Fortunately, the karaoke software allows the music to be adjusted up or down by a key or two.
Joanne, again playing DJ this week, spooled up my request. It was just as romantic and sappy as the old George Strait song I usually sang to Tethys, but a little more contemporary. I pretended to be Bruno Mars, and with a slightly lower key, began singing "Just The Way You Are."
Oh, her eyes, her eyes
Make the stars look like they're not shinin'
Her hair, her hair
Falls perfectly without her tryin'
She's so beautiful and I tell her everyday
Yeah, I know, I know
When I compliment her, she won't believe me
I looked Tethys in the eye as I sang this. I guess the part about her hair falling perfectly might have been a little poetic license, it had a tendency to take on a mind of it's own, but I just considered that "full bodied." It was perfect as far as I was concerned.
Her lips, her lips
I could kiss them all day if she'd let me
Her laugh, her laugh
She hates, but I think it's so sexy
She's so beautiful and I tell her everyday
Oh, you know, you know
You know I'd never ask you to change
If perfect's what you're searchin' for, then just stay the same
So don't even bother askin' if you look okay
You know I'll say
I don't think she actually hated her laugh, it was definitely one of my favorites among her traits, and god was she sexy!
When I see your face
There's not a thing that I would change
'Cause you're amazing
Just the way you are
And when you smile
The whole world stops and stares for a while
'Cause girl, you're amazing
Just the way you are
This required no poetic license at all. Every word, I thought, was cold hard objective fact. And if she didn't believe it now, she would by the time I was done with her.
But then, the words applied to all the women here, one way or the other. Sure, Sonia would never have hair falling perfectly, it was too short to fall at all. The parents of the group, Joanne, Rena, and Phoebe, might not draw a crowd of strangers with their looks, but they did have beautiful smiles, and they were beautiful women to anyone who knew them. Every woman here, I thought, deserved to have this song sung for her.
Megan grabbed me as soon as I finished singing, while Hera was heading up to the front. She took me to a corner of the room.
"You need to get ready for our song," she commanded. She wouldn't tell me what that song actually was, and her idea of preparation was to get my cock hard and my desire peaked so that I would cum inside her while she was singing. That, I had learned, was her biggest turn-on, her most powerful fantasy. I tried to listen to Hera sing as Megan expertly and lovingly sucked on my cock. She performed a pretty good rendition of Taylor Swift's "Blank Slate," even projecting just the right level of crazy to make it believable.
So it's gonna be forever
Or it's gonna go down in flames
You can tell me when it's over, mm
If the high was worth the pain
Got a long list of ex-lovers
They'll tell you I'm insane
'Cause you know I love the players
And you love the game
'Cause we're young and we're reckless
We'll take this way too far
It'll leave you breathless, hmm
Or with a nasty scar
Got a long list of ex-lovers
They'll tell you I'm insane
But I've got a blank space, baby
And I'll write your name
Had my rational mind been completely engaged, I would have reasoned that the song was a complete fiction in Hera's case, at least as far as I knew so far. Sure, she might have exes thinking she was insane, but she hadn't yet struck me as the "nasty scar" type. In fact, I suspected she, like Megan and even Tethys, were much more likely to be on the receiving end of nasty scars than to be dishing them out. It was my job, and hopefully the duty of all the other members of this little tribe, to make sure none of that happened to one another.
Of course my rational mind was not completely engaged, because by the time Hera had finished singing I was fucking Megan vigorously from behind, and I barely caught Henri's singing of Barry White's "You're Gonna Miss My Loving," apparently aimed at Sonia's looming absence. He sounded good, but I couldn't cheer, because by then I was on my back with Megan's pussy against my mouth, my tongue brushing her clit, and her lips once again wrapped around my Flight Deck. I was proud of myself for staying in control and not cumming in her mouth or her pussy yet, but I knew she trusted me to hold off until the proper moment. That was my porn star super power and I was going to do it right.
Angela and Rick did a song together, a rappish number that I didn't know. It was bouncy and infectious, and they had nice voices, but I didn't get the lyrics at all. If my rational mind had been completely engaged I might have recognized a looming generation gap between myself and a half-generation younger. But I didn't feel any gap between myself and the younger lady now riding cowgirl on top of me. Rena came over and gave her daughter a kiss on the cheek as she fucked me, whispering "I'm going to sing a song for both of you."
Rena was the next one up, and it was the first time I'd heard her sing. I knew immediately where Megan had gotten her beautiful voice from. She did "The Story of Us" from Sandrine. It was a lovely song with sweet lyrics, one that I hadn't heard in a long time.
Living inside this world of doubt
Never thought I would make it out
But something inside my soul woke up
And showed me a better way
This beautiful treasure was inside of me
It's got to be the secret
Amaze me
I've waited forever
Now it's right in front of me
Her voice was clear, and filled with emotion. If my rational mind had been completely engaged, it wouldn't have made a damn bit of difference, because this song was affecting both me and Megan.
Knowing the truth has set me free
I never thought you would find in me
The things I have been hiding for so long
And there's so much more to me
This beautiful treasure was inside of me
It's got to be the secret
Amaze me
I've waited forever
Now it's right in front of me
It was the second "This beautiful treasure was inside of me" that triggered Megan's orgasm. It was all I could do to not join her. That was a sexy song, and Rena had a sexy singing voice, and how could a mother singing a love song to her daughter who was in the middle of fucking a man not send her over the top?
We had to be next. We disengaged long enough to run up to the front of the room. Megan grabbed the microphone and kissed her mother, I lay back down and Megan arranged me so that my cock and balls were facing the audience, and my head was pointing at the wall. She impaled herself on me without any further ceremony, in a reverse cowgirl posture. Everyone else had a clear view of my cock disappearing deep into her already-dripping pussy, while I enjoyed the sight of her shapely back, hips, and ass. Being the center of attention excited her even more, and her cunt muscles tightened up powerfully on my shaft. I was near-heaven.
Her song choice surprised me, but maybe it shouldn't have.
It might seem crazy what I am 'bout to say
Sunshine she's here, you can take a break
I'm a hot air balloon that could go to space
With the air, like I don't care, baby by the way
Yes, I knew the song. For a split second my mind drifted over to the version I was actually more familiar with, Weird Al's "Tacky." But this was the time for joy and celebration, not satire.
Because I'm happy --
Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof
Because I'm happy --
Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth
Because I'm happy --
Clap along if you know what happiness is to you
Because I'm happy --
Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do
She let the karaoke background do the "happy" part, but she sure sounded happy slamming up and down on my groin as she sang. It was amazing how tight and slippery she was at the same time, and I had to admit I was happy as well.
Bring me down
Can't nothing, bring me down
My level's too high to bring me down
Can't nothing, bring me down, I said
Bring me down, can't nothing
Bring me down
My level's too high to bring me down
Can't nothing, bring me down, I said
I lost it. My semen pumped into her fast and hard, and she came as she felt it inside her. Her voice squealed, and she did miss a couple of lines, but she recovered before the end of the chorus, and finished out the song with a huge smile, with my cum flowing out and whipping like cream from the churning of our thrusts. (I saw it in detail later on video, Phoebe is queen of the close-up.)
That was a good song, and the applause was loud and raucous. I could see karaoke-fucking Megan becoming a Sunday tradition, and I was already looking forward to next week.
Tethys walked over to join us and dragged Rena along. My love wrapped her arms around me and kissed me deep, her crotch and belly rubbing forward onto my semen-smeared but not quite depleted cock. It responded surprisingly promptly.
"What's your recovery time, stud?" she cooed.
"Let me catch my breath, grab a drink, and wait out the next song, and I can give you all you want, Sexy," I answered.
"Not me, Rena. She's been waiting her turn with you all day."
Rena had her huge, exotic, dark eyes shining in my direction. The look on her face could have been interpreted as fear or anticipation, or both. I was hoping for the best. The fact that her nipples were sticking straight outward added optimism to that hope.
I stepped up and took her in my arms, and we kissed long and deep. She was a soft and gentle kisser, not hesitant or withdrawn, but careful and curious. She wrapped her own arms around me and pulled me tightly into her.
"Does this mean you enjoyed your recent experiences and want to repeat them?" I smiled.
"I want to make them habitual," she returned my smile. "I want to make my daughter proud."
"Don't get competitive, Mom," Megan was standing very close to one side with her hand resting on my ass cheek. "You're doing this for your own happiness, not to win a contest"
Tethys was on the other side, her own hand equally involved. "I think we're all going to be winners tonight," she murmured.
Before we could go any further, Joe had grabbed the microphone and was at the front of the room.
"These last few weeks have been some of the most surprising and wonderful of our lives," he said. "We left San Diego and came down here to Austin because we wanted to be near our daughter, and hopefully support her through her university years. I wasn't sure that was really a good idea, and I was worried that Angela would think we were interfering and intruding, but we just wanted to help. I didn't know if we were going to stay here or if we would soon be heading back to California with our tails between our legs. I'd like to thank Angela for being so incredibly patient and forgiving of us."
A chuckle went through the room, and Angela didn't need a microphone for her response to be heard.
"I forgive you Dad, if you and Mom hadn't come to the rescue I'd still be wearing clothes!" She grinned at Rick and gave his cock an affectionate squeeze.
"Well, we certainly wouldn't want that to happen!" broke in Joanne.
"Anyway," continued Joe, "in addition to interfering with our poor little girl's sex life and disrupting her lifestyle, we totally by accident met some of the most amazing and beautiful people imaginable, starting with Tethys and Carl. And it's through you, Tethys, that all these other fantastic friends are now sharing their lives with us. I know you like to say we're a Tribe, and more and more I'm coming to see the truth of that. We're first and foremost a group of horny mother fuckers, but I think it's growing beyond that, as great as the sex is, it's just one part of who we are. I hope, and I think, we're all here for each other in all kinds of situations, good and bad."
I saw Tethys smiling at me as we listened. Joe was right. This really was all Tethys' doing.
"So I'm not trying to put an end to the night already, or even the singing, but speaking for the Hill family, myself, Jo, and Angela, you inspired a song in my heart that I haven't sung or heard since I was in school. I realize I'll never sound like Julie Andrews, but I want you to know that I think I'm speaking for all of us Hills when I say that thanks to you all, I've never felt more alive with my friends."
He paused. "Oh, and Megan, experiencing you sing with such joy while you fuck Taylor is a big part of that inspiration. I hope to watch and hear you sing and fuck for a very long time to come."
"Soon I'm going to sing while I fuck you!" Megan chirped.
"I'd be honored," smiled Joe. "Anyway, here's my tribute to our new home and our new tribe."
Joe was right. He didn't sound a bit like Julie Andrews. But he had a nice voice, and when he burst right into "The Sound of Music," it seemed to fit perfectly with what he wanted to communicate. The Hills as a family, and the hills of Austin, seemed to speak with their own music for each of us.
The Hills are alive
With the Sound of Music
With songs they have sung
For a thousand years
The Hills fill my heart
With the Sound of Music
My heart wants to sing every song it hears.
It was an octave lower than I remembered, but Joe's smooth and rich voice did it justice. And I at least,feltit.
Joe seemed to be feeling it too. It sure sounded sincere. As he wrapped it up, there wasn't a sound from any of us.
I go to the Hills,
When my heart is lonely
I know I will hear
What I've heard beforehand
My heart will be blessed
With the Sound of Music
And I'll sing once more.
The applause was loud and long. Once the raucous reaction died down, Angela quipped "And now the Hills are embarrassed. Shouldn't you have been dressed like a nun for that one, Dad?"
"That came out of nowhere," Joanne added.
"I just felt like singing it," Joe shrugged. "Seemed the right thing to do in the moment."
"Just wait until I sing about "My Favorite Things!" Angela giggled.
Tethys was climbing onto Joe almost immediately, wrapping her arms around him and pulling him into her nakedness.
"I liked it!" she said emphatically. "And it does match the way I feel about you and Joanne and Angela and our tribe here. So thank you!"
He got another round of applause, and even Angela came in for a naked hug.
Tethys returned to Megan, Rena and I quickly, and we picked up almost where we left off. Pausing for the song had not dampened Rena's mood, nor her desire. It had given me time to grab a quick drink for recovery. We faced each other and began to kiss deeply once more. Megan and Tethys stood on either side, hugging us both. We'd attracted the attention of most of the rest of the group now, and the audience gathered round to watch what was surely going to be Rena's next big adventure for the evening.
With Rena and I intertwined, I slowly sank us to the floor. Tethys and Megan knelt down beside us, Tethys silently stroking Rena's body, and Megan whispering words of encouragement. We lay her on her back and I spread her legs, taking a good look at her pussy. She'd recently shaved it, partly at Megan's suggestion and in part simply from the intrigue of being around this sexy new crowd of shaved nudists. It was interesting seeing how a little extra body fat had been distributed to her labia. It did not reduce its attractiveness at all, and her neat little inner lips framed her moist pink opening perfectly. She looked delicious, and as I brought my own mouth to partake I happily confirmed that expectation.
Rena squealed, giggled, and writhed in euphoric protest.
"Oh God! I'm not used to this! But I want to be! Oh, fuck, it feels so good! Megan, why didn't you tell me it was so good?" She transitioned into a wordless shriek, then simply gasped and moaned. She was not a woman who disguised her orgasms, and had obviously never learned to hold them back. She came hard onto my tongue, arching her back with a high pitched scream and a gush of sweet liquid.
She pushed against my forehead, moving me away from her pussy. "Stop! I need to breathe! Oh my god!"
She panted for a few minutes, looking around at the smiling faces focusing all their attention on her.
"You're making me proud, woman!" called out Phoebe, and the rest cheered in agreement. Rena looked quickly at all the smiling faces surrounding her, and seemed to absorb inspiration from them.
"I want you to fuck me now!" she ordered, and of course I was in no position to protest. I was, in fact, in a position to nestle my hips between her spread thighs. I pushed my cock into her welcoming pussy, and felt immediately at home. She wasn't as tight as Megan, of course, nor Tethys, not even Joanne -- what could I expect from someone who had birthed two children, but she was comfortably snug, and her response was exquisite. The moisture was abundant, the heat soaking through my skin, the sparkle in her eyes was intoxicating. It was a simple missionary position, nothing fancy, nothing demanding, no athletic skills required. I didn't hear the constant stream of encouraging nasty talk that would have streamed from the happy lips of Tethys or Megan or Hera or Phoebe or Joanne or Sonia, just soft grunts and moans, and a look of rapturous wonder on her face as she stared into my eyes.
I was gentle. I kept my pace slow, working on finding the optimal angle to give her the best stimulation. I didn't slam into her, but with each gentle thrust I continued as deep as I could, and when I bottomed out I pushed harder for a couple of seconds, squeezing her fleshy pads into my groin and my balls. It was working. Her moans gradually increased in pitch and frequency, and within a couple of minutes she let loose a high wail, which suddenly shifted to a breathless series of gasps and groans. She literally splashed my crotch with sweet sticky fluid, which dripped down my balls, adding to the growing wet spot on the floor. I stopped, giving her a minute or so to come to her senses.
"Oh my god, oh shit, oh fuck." She stared wide eyed at me, and for a little bit did nothing but breathe deep. Then she glanced at the surrounding tribe, who were looking on with a gravity that could almost have been reverence.
"More. Can you fuck me some more?"
I could, and did, repeating essentially the same style as before. As porn movie material, this would not have been ground breaking, although both Phoebe and Angela were capturing it on video, with some very serious camera angles. As a further initiation into a new way of living, though, I knew this was an extremely important moment for Rena, one that I needed to make sure she would treasure forever. My ability to hold back my own orgasms was no secret in this crowd, I could please any woman for as long as she wanted to go. I didn't need to hold back for Rena, though. Sexual endurance needs to be built up over time, through training and frequency, and Rena was still a beginner in every sense that mattered. She fucked multiple people yesterday, and once just recently today, and whether she expected it or not, she was almost certain to be tender and sore tomorrow. I didn't want her "honeymoon weekend" to end in pain and regret. I timed my ejaculation to coincide with her next orgasm, and there was no mistaking the signs that it was building. Rena was not the kind of woman to take anyone by surprise, other than the surprise felt by one who didn't understand how her life had just changed, seeing how sexual she had become.
It wasn't the most powerful release I'd ever felt, not by a long shot. It was copiously liquid, though, and combined with a second episode of female spraying, it left a large amount of slimy goo leaking from her pussy. She was shocked, and momentarily frightened, when Megan, of all people, replaced my fading member between her legs and began lapping up the thick ooze.
"Megan, oh my god, what are you doing?"
"Cleaning you up, Mom. You don't want to leave a dripping trail, do you?"
"Stop that, you're my daughter!"
"Get used to it Mom, between you and Taylor, it tastes too good to go to waste. Taylor really is delicious, Mom, have you sucked his cock yet? Look, it's still covered with cum. Lick it off of him Mom, clean up his cock. You'll love it, I promise!"
Rena immediately spasmed with another burst of pleasure as Megan's tongue brushed her clit, and then looked at me, again wide-eyed. I thought I saw a similarity to her daughter in that expression.
"Do you want to?" she asked quietly.
"I'd be honored," I replied. Rena lifted herself on her elbows, keeping her legs spread to provide her daughter continued access to her pussy. From nowhere, somebody appeared with a pillow to keep her propped up comfortably. I straddled her chest, directing my half-hard, sloppy cock to her curious mouth. She hesitantly licked the tip, considered for a moment with a thoughtful look. She had no idea how endearing that was. Then she took the complete glans, and rolled her tongue around it. She swallowed, and smiled. Now she grabbed the shaft and took to thoroughly licking and sucking up and down the entire length. It was still sensitive from its recent climax, and the little nips and licks, especially on the head, were almost painfully exciting. By the time she had replaced all the orgasmic juices with her shiny saliva, I was at full mast again.
"Now look what you've gone and done, Mom! He's all needy again!" Megan winked at me and Tethys giggled. Rena just sighed. I could see she was spent. She'd fucked two guys on two days in a row, and experienced more orgasms in those two days than possibly her entire life combined until now. And I was hardly needy. Sure I was erect again, and could still maintain a decent fuck for somebody, I'd already cum three times, even with my depletion from last night, and it wasn't going to happen again for a while.
"This isn't a needy hard-on, it's an appreciative one," I informed the girls. "I'll just relax and watch for a while."
Tethys and Rena stayed with me as we relaxed on the couch. Megan wandered off to accost Carl, Sonia once again had Joe embedded deep in her ass, and Henri was feeding his anaconda to Joanne, who was making a brave attempt at getting it all down. She was closer to full-throated than I would have expected, and they both seemed happy with the effort.
It was Hera who got my attention. She and her mother were both on top of Herakles, and I was shocked to see her riding her father's cock while Phoebe rotated on his face.
"I guess she's not going to be doing any cinematography for a while," Tethys snickered. Phoebe's facial expression was one of pure bliss, and Hera sported maybe the widest smile I'd seen from her. I had no idea they had adopted family sex, certainly none of them had mentioned it to me before. I knew Hera wanted to watch her parents fuck, but I hadn't realized she wanted to fuck her dad herself.
"Oh, Goddess, you give us joy and pleasure, you give us excitement and love and passion, bless our desire, bless our bodies, bless my husband's dick as he warms our little girl's wet and hungry cunt. Show us your love through our love, make her orgasms loud and joyful, make his cum abundant and delicious, make my pussy sing like the music of our tribe!"
Now that was a prayer I hadn't heard before, but the Goddess must have been listening, because soon both mother and daughter were howling with loud and joyful orgasms, and Herakles seemed to be spewing abundantly, especially considering he was the oldest man here. It must have been delicious as well, because Hera and Phoebe were both savoring it as the took turns gobbling down his swollen but fading cock, then Phoebe licked the remaining drips from her daughter's leaking cunt.
Afterwards, Hera came over and sat down with Tethys and Rena and I. "Did you all see that? Did anybody get a video? That was the first time, if you're wondering. You know, a girl's first crush is her daddy, but I never thought I'd get to consumate it. This is so cool!"
"I thought you were sore from last night," I smiled, guessing at the answer.
"Inspiration has a healing quality all its own," she responded.
Apparently someone had indeed recorded a video. Angela later sent us all a copy, and it showed a lot of detail we'd missed. It was hot, to say the least. Herakles was embarrassed, at first.
"I knew my wife was insatiable, and I knew Hera was hypersexual, but I never saw this coming. Am I a creep for having enjoyed it?"
"Are you going to do it again?" Rena asked.
"I'm not going to initiate it," Herakles shrugged. "I'm still a little overwhelmed, and the Goddess business that they've been on for the last couple of years is something I still don't understand. But I'm not sure I could say no if they really wanted it, it was such an amazing and intense feeling."
"I'm not going to judge," said Tethys. "But I have to admit I enjoyed watching."
Rena nodded in agreement. "So did I. And to me, that's the most shocking thing of all. I don't know what's happening to me, and I can't even make myself feel guilty."
"Think of it as casting off shackles," said Tethys. "You've been an innocent person imprisoned for too long. Now you're free and clear, and starting a new life."
"And I'm going to live it!" Rena answered.