This story is the third in a series and it may not make sense if you haven't read what happened beforehand.
You can check out the first here:https://literotica.com/s/violettes-romp-with-a-big-dick
The second here:https://literotica.com/s/violettes-second-romp
So anyway, here we go again. Picking up where we last left off, I'm guessing everyone has one main question, which is whether Dalton posted videos of my wife online. Yes, he did, however both of their faces were blurred. The main reason for the blurry is a bit humorous. Dalton has an account on a popular porn site where he posts videos of himself having sex with various women. From what he tells me, some of those other women may be married as well, but their husbands may not know about him, much less be okay with it. His fear was that an angry husband might recognize their wife, then figure out who Violette is and use that to find out who he is.
The other likely question you have is whether Dalton was showing the videos to people at the club. I don't know for sure, but none of the other members we know ever said anything to us. My guess is that he didn't because if some of the other guys heard what he was doing with Violette, they might not want him working with their wives. However, I'm sure he showed it to the other trainers because Violette suddenly noticed an uptick in trainers offering to help her. I'm guessing that they were hoping to get a similar thing going. One trainer was enough for us though.
Anyway, as far as online, he cut a few videos out of their two encounters, I cut a few videos, and we shared what we both had. Video editing is kind of a side hobby of mine, and strangely enough, Dalton as well, and he and I kind of connected over editing movies together. Eventually he convinced us to start our own account and share videos as well. One of the problems with connecting and getting to know him, was that it kind of took some of the taboo out of the two of them getting together. Violette wasn't having a relationship with him, he was more like a living sex toy for us, and part of what we wanted from that toy was to be a guy we didn't really like, that wasn't really nice. I know it sounds weird, but she and I both have kind of have our own sub streaks. We're both very successful, make good money, and could probably both hook up with most people that we wanted. The whole her and Dalton thing was our chance to be submissive for once.
So, to cut to the chase, Dalton never came back to our house to fuck Violette again. We were still creating content for our own porn account, mainly videos with her and toys, talking about wanting a big dick, things like that. At the inspiration of my neighbor's story about his own swinging days (in the second story), we even had a black dildo so she could talk about wanting a black dick and all of that. Anyway, we were fucking like rabbits, having fun with the videos, but certainly ready for another wild experience. We did keep tabs on Dalton's account, often watching his videos while we fucked. Most of them women in the videos were similar to our ages, but there was one closer to Dalton's age. She was exactly the type you would picture someone like him dating. She was blonde (probably via bleach), had impossibly firm c-cup tits that were likely augmented but done so well you couldn't tell for sure, tan, and she clearly worked out, with both the female version of the washboard stomach, as well as the thick ass and thighs that is all the rage with young women right now with the focused booty workouts.
One other thing was different about the videos with her was that Dalton wasn't as aggressively dominant, and some of the clips bordered on being less fucking and more love-making. It was clear the two of them were more than co-performers.
Sure enough, it turned out they were dating, and it wasn't long before they got engaged. That's when Dalton reached out to me with a strange request. They were having a small, combined bachelor-bachelorette party at a strip club where he worked on the side as a bouncer. He had always wanted to see his fiancé (we found out her name was Cyera) with another woman, but she had never tried it. Violette had never been a woman either. For one last hurrah, he wanted his fiancé to hook up with Violette there at the party. He promised that the strip club would be closed to everyone but attendees.
I think any sane person would say that it wasn't a good idea. But I had to admit, the thought turned me on, and while Violette didn't have any lesbian history, she was excited at the prospect as well. And maybe performing for a small audience would be the next new experience we wanted. Being seen fucking online with a blurred face was one thing, actually being exposed and fucking in front of a crowd was another. As you can guess, we talked about it while we were having sex, and made sure to text him "yes" before we finished and came to our senses.
We had one week before the bachelor party, which was on a Friday. We planned to both refrain from cumming until then. As the days wore on, I think any visitor to our house would have thought we had just quit smoking or something, because we were so on edge with our mutual need for release. I don't know how we made it through Friday, other than just burying ourselves in work, trying to think about anything else. In fact, we agreed to stay away from each other until it was literally time to hop in the Uber and head to the club.
When the clock struck 9pm, we heard a honk outside and both headed for the door. Violette looked amazing. She was wearing a navy blue, stretchy, thin dress that hugged every curve, with a hemline that stopped just a few inches below her crotch. Underneath, she had a lacy black bra and panty set with matching thigh-high stockings. It was all I could do to walk to the Uber without ravaging her in the front yard.
We didn't speak a word on the drive over, both of us nearly shaking with excitement. Once we got to the strip club, we were quickly welcomed by the bouncers who clearly knew who we were (from the videos I'm guessing) and brought to a table near, but one row away from the stage.
Dalton wasn't lying about the size of the party, both he and Cyera only had 4 or 5 friends there each. In fact, there were likely as many waitresses, bouncers, and bartenders as guests. Enough people to feel exposed when the time came, but small enough not to scare us away.
We found out Cyera, as well as most of her friends, either once were, or still were dancers at the club. The friends took turns dancing for the crowd, providing lap dances (free), and otherwise operating like it was a normal working night for them. About an hour and a half in, as the whole crowd was feeling pretty good from all the free drinks, it was time for Cyera to dance. She put on a pretty good show, doing some amazing tricks on the pole. Once she was fully nude, she stood up, pointed to Violette and I, and gave a come-here motion. Violette looked at me with a nervous smile, bit her lower lip, and headed up.
The show they put on was hotter than I could have imagined. Cyera had Violette lean against a pole and put her hands over her head. She then began grinding on her and letting her hands roam all over Violette's body for two songs. The crowd was hollering and getting overwhelmed with anticipation. Everyone knew what the main attraction was. Cyera moved Violette closed to the edge of the stage, wrapped her arms around her and began kissing her in what honestly seemed like a very romantic display. As they kissed, she reached her hands behind Violette's back, undid her zipper, and then began to slide the dress over her head. Once she had the dress off of her, she threw it out into the crowd like a prize. Then she wasted no time unclasping Violette's bra, tossing it out as well, and then began to kiss and suck her nipples, alternately side-to-side, as she slid her panties down her legs. You could have heard a pin drop during the undressing. Everyone watching was leaned forward in their seats, waiting for what was to come. Once Violette was naked, the excitement was too much for them. They both dropped down onto the stage in a 69 position, licking each other's pussies for all they were worth. It didn't take but a minute or two for them both to have an orgasm, but they didn't let up.
Neither of them had any experience eating pussy, but they gave it a good effort. Violette was on her back with Cyera's crotch over her face. Violette had her left arm under Cyera's leg and around her back, pulling her down toward her, while Cyera's other leg was in Violette's armpit. Violette was using three fingers of her right hand, pointed together in almost a cone shape, to slowly fuck Cyera's pussy while she licked her clit with her tongue. With her fingers in the cone or wedge shape, as she pushed in slowly, it would gently create more and more pressure until she backed out for another thrust. Every time Violette's fingers reached maximum pressure, Cyera's legs would twitch and she would let out a moan.
For Cyera's part, she had her left arm wrapped around Violette's leg, holding it up and keeping her pussy wide open. She had her right arm around Violette's other leg, with her hand all the way back around at Violette's pussy. With her right hand, she had her index finger and pinky spread wide, holding Violette's outer lips open, and her middle and ring fingers together penetrating her pussy, while she worked her tongue over Violette's clit, alternately licking and sucking.
The way Cyera was working my wife's pussy, she had it on full display for everyone in the crowd. Violette has the most amazing pussy I've ever been lucky enough to experience. She has thick, almost chubby outer lips that are the same creamy white tone as the rest of her body. When Violette is laying on her back with her legs nearly together, the outer lips almost completely enclose her sex. When she spreads her legs, or when she bends over, you can see her tender, pink inner lips begin to peek out. When I go down on her, I often start by slowly licking and sucking her outer lips, then take one hand and spread them open as I dive inside. I don't know what it is about her vagina, but with previous girlfriends, I generally ate them out just for the feeling it gave them. With Violette, I could eat her pussy all day.
I don't know if Cyera was enjoying the wonders of my wife's sex quite as much as I do, and after all, she's not a lesbian, but she was giving it a good try. Honestly, both of them, while a little clumsy with it being a first time, were putting on quite a show, and both clearly enjoying what the other was doing to them. I think they each came 3 or 4 times in less than 10 minutes.
Next, Cyera moved around so she was on top of her, with the two of them face to face. She began to kiss all over Violette's neck, while one of her hands rubbed Violette's clit, whispering something to her the whole time. Soon I saw Violette nod, and then Cyera climbed up off of her and headed straight for me.
I didn't know what to expect, I just leaned back in my chair. Cyera jumped up onto my lap, wrapped her arms around my neck and started whispering in my ear, her tongue purposely brushing my neck and ear lobe.
"The deal was that Dalton and I were done messing around with others, because we're getting married," she said.
I nodded, not knowing what to add.
"But," she whispered seductively, "I have to admit, I would love to see him fuck your wife's pussy with that big dick one time in person."
I sat dumbfounded.
"Here's the deal," she offered. "If you let him pound your wife's tight little pussy tonight, you can do whatever you want to me while we watch."
She was choosing her words carefully, knowing exactly what would turn me on. But I couldn't answer. This whole time, with the previous two encounters, I wasn't in the room specifically so I wouldn't be able to stop anything. I knew my good judgement could overcome my desire. But tonight, after a week with no release, my own horniness had the upper hand. So, I just didn't say anything, but I gave the slightest nod.
"Go for it!" Cyera yelled as she began to rub my dick through my pants.
I had to admit, this was shaping up to so much better than I had hoped. I was going to watch Violette get pounded by Dalton again, this time in front of an audience. And I had Cyera curled up in my lap, still completely naked, a girl most men would die for, offering to let me have my way with her.
"You know, Dalton always liked to let his friends pass me around," Cyera hissed in in my ear. "He let them use me like their own little fuck toy. The only thing that was off limits was my ass."
She was clearly telling me what her kink was, that she liked to be degraded. Okay. I'm in.
"Suck my dick, slut," I ordered.
Her eyes lit up, she dropped to her knees, unzipped my pants, and began to give me an amazing blowjob. Her mouth was all over my dick, with her hands she alternated jacking my shaft and playing with my balls.
She raised her head up, gasping for air. Then she slid one finger in my asshole and said, "The deal is one time. He can fuck her one time. Once he cums, it's done."
She was clearly telling me I needed to do whatever I wanted to her quickly as well. By the time I thought to look up, I saw Dalton standing on stage, completely naked, showing off his rippled muscles, with Violette on her knees sucking his large dick as best she could.
Cyera saw me watching Violette and decided it was time to ramp things up. She crawled back into my lap and leaned into my ear and whispered, "Do you think she likes the taste of his dick?"
It was a rhetorical question, and before I could answer, she put her lips to mine and started to kiss me, shoving her tongue into my mouth. I could clearly taste my own dick on her tongue, which sent shocks through me. She was trying to connect what Violette was doing to what we were doing. Then she reached down with one hand, aimed my dick at the entry of her dripping wet hole, and slid down onto me.
Her pussy felt amazing. I mean, I know it's been pounded by Dalton's massive dick, as well as his potentially equally well-endowed friends, but still it gripped my dick nearly as well as Violette's. Surely, they must have a similar routine of tightening exercises. She was taking her time grinding up and down on me, not wanting me to cum yet.
I looked back to the stage, and there I saw my wife, Violette, on her back, her knees up, with Dalton preparing to enter her. Everyone else was standing at the edge of the stage, slack-jawed, waiting to see him enter her.
"She wants that dick so bad, doesn't she," Cyera whispered raspily. "And you love to see your wife begging for his big dick."
I turned my attention back to Cyera, who was grinding circles on my crotch. I could hear Violette screaming and yelling in the background, having orgasm after orgasm. But Cyera was riding me so well, I had a hard time focusing on anything else but us.
"Oh, she loves his big cock, stretching her out," Cyera moaned, on the verge of orgasm. "My fiancé is fucking your wife like you only wish you could," she yelled before exploding on me in her own orgasm.
I grabbed Cyera by the throat, looked her straight in the eyes and said, "And you hate it, don't you, that he wants my wife's tight pussy, while he leaves you over here for me to use as I see fit."
Cyera leaned her back and moaned in delight.
Just then, I saw a bright light cover the entire stage. My first reaction was to think it was the police. I don't know why. It was almost like this was too good, like I expected someone to come in and shut it down. In reality, it was just someone opening the door from the lobby. One of Dalton's friends was finally arriving, a former trainer I recognized from the gym named Trent. He was a large, intimidating black man. In reality, however, he was one of the nicest guys you could ever meet. Back when he still worked at the gym, he was always roaming around inside, offering to help people, and striking up conversations.
Violette looked up and saw him, Cyera saw him, and it was clearly a welcome sight for both. He made Dalton look almost normal in comparison. It didn't take me long to realize that Dalton had probably let him fuck Cyera. I thought about him pounding her, and quickly had to block it out of my head to avoid immediately cumming.
Cyera began moaning again, grinding her pubic bone down into me, before having another quick orgasm. He pussy was too much, I felt myself tighten and I knew what was about to happen. I briefly wondered if it was okay to cum inside her, but then I decided I didn't care. She was my fucktoy, and I let my own dick explode inside her, pumping her full of my cum, just days before she was about to marry someone else.
Cyera slid off of me, fell back to her knees, and then began to clean my dick with her tongue. I looked back at the stage, Violette was now riding Dalton, screaming and moaning like a wild woman as she slid up and down his massive pole, and Dalton was grunting, clearly about to cum as well.
Cyera saw it as well, climbed back into my lap, and whispered into my ear, "he's about to pump your wife's tight little pussy full of his cum."
I felt my dick begin to come back to life with her words. Just as Dalton began to let loose inside my wife, blasting the inside of her married pussy with his cum, Cyera leaned over and began kissing me. I immediately noticed the salty, musky taste of my own cum in her mouth. She was doing it again, connecting what was happening up here with down there. I kissed her back, sucking her tongue inside my mouth as hard as I could.
By the time we broke the kiss, I looked down and saw Violette laying on the stage alone, her legs wide open, used and full of Dalton' cum. The crowd around the stage was clapping like it was the end of a great Broadway play. Cyera hopped up off of me and headed down to Dalton. During all of the fucking, someone had brought me two shots of something, I quickly downed them, put my dick back in my pants and tried to take stock of the situation.
Dalton, Violette and Cyera were talking with the rest of the guests, laughing and smiling. Violette, I should add, was still completely nude except for her stockings, making no attempt to cover herself. After a few minutes, she headed back to our table, still completely nude, and crawled onto my lap just as Cyera had done.
"We were talking, and..." she whispered, looking for the words. "They think I should fuck Trent!"
I had no idea what to say, so many parts of me said, "no way." Honestly, while I'm not racist, something about her fucking a black man seemed so much more taboo, I don't know why. Even more so than Dalton, I was feeling pangs of jealousy rip through my body. I saw her look when he walked in. My mind was a blur.
Before I could say anything, Violette put her finger to my lips and gently whispered, "It's not a question. I'm going to fuck him. I've never had a black dick. But he's going to fuck me on that stage while everyone watches."
The pangs of jealousy suddenly hit me even harder, but at the same time, all the blood rushed straight to my dick, so I had no ability or desire to say no.
With that, she turned and began to saunter, still nude, back down to the stage.
Before she could get there, somehow, I overcame my own shock and yelled out, "I'm going to fuck Cyera's ass."
Violette turned her head to me, smiled, and then headed straight for Trent.
I knew Cyera had laid out that her ass was the one thing not up for sharing. But if my wife was going to get fucked by a big black man on a stage in front of a small crowd, I was going to get something taboo as well. I mean, what was I going to do otherwise. It was one thing to fuck Cyera while Dalton fucked Violette, it would be another to be alone at my table, jacking off while my wife got pounded by a big black dick on stage.
Clearly Cyera had no objection, because before I knew it, she was headed right back for my table.
Once she had arrived in front of me, she turned around, facing the stage, and bent over. She spread her ass apart with her hands, making it clear her asshole was mine.
I unzipped my pants and pulled her into my lap. I placed my dick at the entrance of her pussy and slid her back down on top of me. I held her hips, letting her bounce up and down on me, coating my cock with her juices, as well as some of my own cum that was inside of her, then lifted her back up.
My next steps weren't kind. I knew Cyera liked to be used and abused. I licked two of my fingers and roughly shoved them into her ass. She let out a squeal, then began to rotate her hips. I removed my fingers, grabbed my dick, and shoved it into her tight little rosebud of an ass.
She might be used to big dicks tearing up her pussy, but her ass was as tight as a virgin. I took my time working her up and down a few strokes before I looked back to the stage.
Trent had stripped off his clothes, and he was standing there while Violette licked all over his cock, covering it with her tongue. His dick was only a little bit longer than Dalton, but it was SO thick. It had a massive, bulbous head and the shaft flared out at its base almost like tree trunk. If there was ever a human dick that deserved to be compared to a horse cock, it was his. And there was my sweet little pale wife Violette, her tiny hands trying to jack him while she licked the head.
I had to slow Cyera down so I didn't cum from the show on stage.
Trent was ready to play for an audience.
"Who wants to see this little slut take a big black cock," he yelled to the crowd.
Everyone cheered.
Trent pushed Violette's head back and laid down on the stage.
"You want my black cock?" he asked as Violette slowly dropped to her knees again .
"Yes," she answered in a shaking voice.
"You want my big black cock to tear up that tight little married white pussy?" he asked.
"Yes," Violette whimpered back.
"Then mount it!" he barked.
Violette did as she was told. She climbed over top of him. His dick stood up so high, she was on one knee with the other in the air to get her pussy over it. Slowly, she began to push her vagina down onto his massive, glimmering, black dick. Every inch or so, a shiver shot through her, followed by moan.
"Take it all, slut!" he commanded, very much out of character for the guy we both knew.
Violette closed her eyes and pushed herself down, taking a couple more inches, just reaching the beginning of the flare at the base, then immediately begin to shake with a violent orgasm.
"You've never had a dick like this, have you?" he asked.
Violette shook her head.
"You like it?" he asked.
Violette nodded as she tried to begin working back up and down his dick.
She didn't last long before her next orgasm. "Oh, oh, it's, oh, wow. It's so big. I feel.... So full, aaahhhhhh!"
It was the most erotic display I have ever seen, my wife's tight, tender, little pussy, stretched to the hilt around Trent's massive meat pole. I was overcome with lust, and I wanted to give Cyera the same thing. As she slowly rose up and down with my dick sliding in and out of her tight little asshole, I reached around with two fingers and began to finger fuck her pussy in time with my thrusts into her ass. She leaned her head back into me, letting out a guttural moan, almost a howl. I added a third finger and she began to move with more force. Then I slid a fourth in, and she began to lose control shaking and moaning. While my wife was getting her pussy stretched out on the stage in front of a small crowd, I had Dalton's fiancé on my lap, giving her the best stretching I could.
"That's right," I said. "You like getting filled up don't you."
"Yes, use me," she moaned back.
Honestly, if I would I have thought I could have, I would have shoved my entire fist inside her. Before I could give it any real thought though, I looked back down to the stage and saw my wife trying to ride Trent for all she was worth, her tight little pussy stretched impossibly around his cock, still trying to get the wide base inside her, but her pussy just wouldn't give any more.
Seeing that huge black dick inside my tiny sweet wife was too much for me, along with Cyera's tight, spasming sphincter. I thrust upward with all of my might, shoved my fingers in as deeply as I could, and then pumped her soon-to-be-married ass full of my cum. I almost collapsed.
Meanwhile, my wife Violette was bouncing up and down, stretching her pussy out on a massive black cock. Everyone in the club was next to the stage watching, from Cyera's friends, to the other trainers, to the strip club staff, to an old man who must have been the owner. They were watching my wife reach new heights of ecstasy on this man's dick.
"You little white married sluts have the tightest little pussies," Trent growled.
"Uuhh," was all Violette could respond as she slid her pussy up and down his engorged shaft. I watched as she moved up, her pussy gripping his cock, her lips dragging behind, clearly outmatched by the size of his dick. She was being violated like never before.
Violette came again, in what was a two-minute-long series of shudders, screams and moans.
When she came down, Trent flipped her onto her back, her knees up, her feet over his shoulders, and began to pound her pussy. Violette had her arms straight out to the sides, desperately trying to grab onto something, anything, on the smooth stage floor. Her head was back, her eyes were closed, and she was moaning in pleasure.
"You like that black cock?" he asked as he pumped away into my wife.
He was hitting depths inside her I could never dream of reaching, filling her in a way I could never hope to, stretching her pussy to its limits - and he didn't even have the full length of his dick inside of her.
"I love it!" Violette yelled back.
"You love my big black cock?" Trent yelled back.
"Oh yes, I love that big black cock. I need that big black cock, fuck meeeee!" she screamed into another orgasm.
"Have you ever been fucked this good?" Trent asked.
"Oh no," Violette moaned back. "I've never had a dick this.... Oh, uhm, ah, oh, so big."
"How does it feel to have your tight little white pussy stretched out?" he growled.
"Oh so good!" she moaned. "I've never had anything like.... I've never been fucked like this!"
The blood never left my dick. I was overcome with jealousy, honestly. Seeing her like this. This was more than Dalton. Trent's dick was clearly wrecking her pussy. Tightening exercises or not, I might be lucky to feel the walls of her vagina the next time I fucked her. I could have fisted her and done less damage than Trent's dick was doing, the massive head pumping in and out of her like some huge organic piston.
I walked down to the stage to get a closer look. As jealous as I was, I had never been more turned on.
I pulled my dick back out and began furiously jacking it, not caring who saw.
Trent looked over and saw me, he sneered and yelled, "look at her husband's little white dick!"
My dick only got harder, if it was at all possible.
"How does you husband's dick compare to mine?" Trent yelled out.
"Oh it's so tiny compared to your, oh, uh," Violette moaned. "Your big black cock is so much bigger, so much better, uuh. Fuck me!"
He was really pounding away at my wife's sweet, formerly tight little love box. I moved to see behind him, to watch his massive black cock, her tight pink lips wrapped tightly around it as he pounded away, stretching her pussy out beyond recognition.
"What do you want?" he growled.
"Your big black dick," Violette answered, her head reared back, beginning a long stream of small orgasms.
"Do you want your husband's little dick?" Trent asked as I pumped away at that exact tiny dick (at least compared to him).
"No," she yelled. "I want your big black dick!"
"Whose pussy is this?" he barked back at her.
"This is your pussy!" Violette answered. "This is Trent's pussy. He owns this pussy!"
"Are you my little white slut?" Trent asked.
"Yes!" Violette yelled, in the throws of another orgasm, as his dick pounded away at her.
"After tonight, you're going need this black dick again, aren't you?" he asked.
Violette could only answer with another moaning orgasm as he sawed in and out her.
Suddenly it dawned on me that he wasn't wearing a condom. We had gotten used to it with Dalton. We knew he got regularly tested. We had no idea about Trent. Until tonight, we hadn't even seen him in a couple of years. But it didn't matter now. His bare black dick had been sliding in and out of my sweet little white wife's pussy for a while now. I knew she was on the pill at least.
"Can I come fuck this sweet, tight little white married pussy again?" Trent asked.
"Yes!" Violette yelled back. "You can have my little pussy whenever you want!"
"What about your husband?" Trent asked.
"I don't care. This is your pussy now!" Violette yelled back. "I want you to fuck me again and again! This is your pussy whenever you want it!"
I might have been wracked with guilt and jealousy, but I was as horny as I've ever been. I knew I was about to cum all over myself. Trent was close as well.
"I'm going to cum inside you!" Trent yelled. "This tight little white pussy is too good."
"Yes!" Violette yelled back. "Fill me up. Breed me!"
I don't know where her words came from. She knew she was on the pill, I think she just wanted to be as dirty as she could be. Her words were too much for Trent and I both.
He grunted and began to pump Violette full of his cum. I exploded all over myself.
As we all began to catch our breath, the owner of the strip club yelled out, "That's it! We're closed. We were actually supposed to close 20 minutes ago! You don't have to go home but you can't stay here!"
It was a blur from the stage to the Uber outside. What I do remember is that Violette never put her bra and panties back on, just slid her dress back on. She rode home in a stranger's Uber with her pussy red and swollen, sticky with the her own juices and leaking semen. She had to have left a spot in the Uber owner's car, but I know he didn't mind. I was sitting in the back right seat, with Violette in the middle of the back seat leaned against me, half awake. Her legs were slightly spread. A couple of blocks down the road, I noticed he had adjusted his mirror to try to see between her legs. I gently placed my left hand on the inside of Violette's right thing and spread them open a little more. Violette looked up, saw the mirror, then looked over to me with a smile and spread her legs wide. I hiked the bottom of her dress as high as I could and placed my hand on her swollen, used sex. With just two fingers, I began to slowly massage her outer lips, occasionally opening her pussy, showing the cum of two other men that was slowly leaking out.
If not for the alcohol, I probably would have realized it was a bad idea to create this much of a distraction for the driver, but her performed admirably, mostly taking time to watch the road when we were moving, and then looking into the mirror at stoplights. He tried to be cool at first, with quick glances, but I think it was clear we were putting on a show for him, so eventually he was just staring into the mirror whenever we stopped.
Neither of us spoke a word in the car, remaining silent until we walked through the doorway. Violette stepped inside, unzipping and then sliding her dress over her head before the door was even closed, and then began to head to the bedroom. As she walked, I was entranced by her swaying and red ass cheeks. Even from behind her, I could see that her pussy lips were still wide open. Trent and Dalton's cum was still slowly running out of her pussy, down her legs. She was completely degraded and used, and I was loving it.
She walked into the bedroom and laid down on the bed on her back, her legs wide open, showing her amazing, tender little pussy, thoroughly used and swollen now, her outer folds gaping and full of cum.
"I want to fuck you," she whispered. "But first you need to clean me up."
She didn't have to ask twice. I began to kiss the insides of her white thighs, savoring the cum smeared into her skin. Then I moved to her pussy, first sucking and cleaning the outer lips of her pussy. Then I dove in with my tongue, licking and sucking all the fluids I could.
Violette leaned her back into the pillow and moaned, "Did you like to watch your sweet little wife's tight pussy fucked by that big black dick?"
"uh, uh," I whispered between licks.
"That's good," she answered. "I'm going to need that big black cock again...."
--To be continued.--