If you haven't read the previous chapters, the beginning of this chapter will be confusing.
************
During the weeks to come, Roni and I had many nights of erotic roll play. Not all of them involved Josh and Mike, but they were certainly seemed to be her favorites.
After one such night I said "You really do enjoy the Josh and Mike fantasy, don't you?"
"I really enjoy thinking about it, yes. Knowing they've seen me completely naked, and hearing that both of them said they wanted to fuck me, certainly contributes to those fantasies."
"I've noticed that whenever you're around them, you become a little flirty, I can tell you enjoy teasing them."
"I love thinking about them picturing me nude while they are talking to me. I catch them looking at me and I can just tell that they are thinking about what I look like naked... so of course it intrigues me."
"Roni, I don't' know exactly how to say this, but it really excites me to watch you around them. I think about sharing your pictures with them and how much they enjoy looking. Please, don't be upset with me for fantasizing about it.... I think it would be so hot if we let them actually feel your tight little body."
"You mean...like....for real?"
"Yeah, You know .. squeezing your breasts, feel how smooth your pussy is...stuff like that".
"Well Steve.....that's a little surprising. Fantasies are one thing, but actually doing it...".
"Sometimes I masturbate thinking about it. I know some people would consider this odd...that you are mine and I should have exclusive rights to that sexy little body. But if I really wanted to share you would that be wrong?"
"Wow, I knew it turned you on, but I didn't know you really wanted it to happen. I don't know if it's wrong ...I guess if we both wanted to....."
"It's my favorite fantasy, and you really seem to enjoy it...so how would you feel about it?"".
"Do you think you would really want me to do it?"
"I don't know if I could let you, but the thought of it is thrilling. I guess I just wanted to know if there was a chance of it ever happening".
"I don't think I could .... I am yours. I don't think you'd feel the same about me if I let something like that happen."
"I know it's wrong, but the thought of you naked, with another man, as I watch him enjoying you, especially if you're enjoying it, too, is so erotic!"
"Well, isn't that sweet of you to let me enjoy it, too."
"You know what I mean."
"Look, it's fun to fantasize about, but I don't think we could actually go through with it."
"Yeah I know, I thought you may feel that way...but I was hoping."
"Dream on buddy. Feel free to keep sharing my pictures, I really enjoy them seeing me nude, but I don't think you could really handle anything more".
"We can still pretend...right?"
"Steve, I love the fantasy, too. So, yes, we can still pretend."
************
Mike had started dating Hannah on a regular basis and they had become an item.
"I know why Hannah is dating him. It's that massive cock of his!" Roni said.
"Damn, Roni! You sound a little jealous."
I laughed and she smiled.
"Lucky girl!" Roni said.
**********
Roni became comfortable with being photographed nude. She rarely turned me down whenever I asked. And I of course would share them with Josh and Mike. She was always willing to pose and suggested it, herself, on a few occasions. One particular night, she was feeling pretty frisky and wanted to pose for Josh and Mike...not in person, but for me to share with them.
She did a slow striptease as I photographed her. When she was naked, she posed in various positions and I photographed her from different angles. After we were finished, we went through all of the pictures and she deleted a lot of them but kept quite a few.
"I want you to show all of these to Josh and Mike," she told me.
"Gladly!" I agreed.
************
I went to their apartment, early one Sunday morning, and took the camera because it was the easiest way to share them. Mike had spent the night at Hannah's, so I wasn't able to share them with him, but Josh loved them and I let him pick out a couple.
"I'll make copies for you."
When I got home and told Roni, she was excited about what Josh had said, but was disappointed Mike hadn't seen them.
I told her not to worry, that I would show him first chance I got.
Josh called later that day.
"Are you guys going to the pool, today?"
"Hold on, I'll ask Roni. Hey Sweetheart, it's Josh...do you want to go to the pool?" I asked.
"Sure."
"Okay, go ahead and get changed, I'll be in there shortly".
"Yeah, we'll be there. Josh, is Mike home yet?"
"yeah, he's here".
"How about Hannah?"
"No, she's not here yet, but should be shortly."
"Cool, would it be okay if I come over?" I whispered.
"Sure."
With a loud voice, I acted like I was talking to Roni while she was in another room.
"Hey, Roni. Josh needs my help with something. I'll be back, shortly."
"What's up?" Josh asked.
"I'm going to show Mike the pictures," I whispered and he laughed.
"Damn, you do like showing off your wife! See you shortly."
I told Roni what was going on and I could see the excitement in her eyes.
"Awesome, I can't wait to hear what he has to say! Please, don't be gone long."
When I arrived at their apartment, they were both sitting in the living room. I pointed at the camera.
"Let's hook this up to your computer."
"Don't forget my copies"," Josh said as the pictures were loading.
"I'll let you pick two to keep" I told him
As we were going through the pictures, Josh or Mike would stop me at various pictures for them to further inspect. It's hard to explain how it excites me to have two men looking at various parts of my wife's perfect little body. It's the most exciting, non-sexual thing I've ever done. It felt so wrong, but excited me so much!
I was getting addicted to watching them stare at pictures of her perfect little body from all angles. I especially loved hearing them talk about her delicious pussy. To watch them enlarge the pictures so they could get a better view was so thrilling to me. They both knew how much I enjoyed sharing her pictures and were more than happy to help me. Hearing the comments they would make about her was hard to deal with without stroking my cock! After about thirty minutes, I made some copies for Josh and told them I had to leave.
When I arrived at home, Roni was waiting for me.
"Well?" she asked.
"Baby, they loved them!"
"Do tell?"
"They love looking at your body."
"Both of them?"
"Yes."
"Mike is still interested even though he has a girlfriend?"
"Mike loves your naked body. He's always talking about your tits and puffy, little pussy."
"What did he say about me?"
"Honey, he loves all of you. We zoomed in on a picture of your pussy and I saw him rubbing his cock through his shorts."
"What exactly did they say?"
"They both commented on how sexy your pussy looks and how much they'd love to fuck you."
"That's so hot! You'd let them too, wouldn't you?"
"What?"
"You'd let them fuck me."
"Seriously?" I asked.
"No, I'm only asking."
There was something about the way she was looking at me. I could tell it was more than a question.
"I don't know. It's sexy to think about!"
"Would you let Josh fuck my tight, little pussy?"
She reached over and started rubbing my cock.
"Are you considering it?" I asked.
"Just tell me. I know you like to fantasize," she said.
"Maybe. If the situation was right."
"You'd let Josh fuck your sweet, innocent wife?"
She took my cock out of my shorts. I enjoyed her playing with the head as I tried to remain focused.
"Yes, I would."
"Do you really think you'd like that?" she asked.
"Yes, I think I would."
"And what about Mike? Would you let him try to get his fat cock inside of my little pussy?"
"Yes."
"How about both of them at the same time?"
I could feel the excitement building in me.
"Yes, I think I'd really enjoy that. I think that would be incredible!!"
"You want your wife to be their little fuck toy?"
"Yes!"
She got on her knees in front of me and took my cock into her mouth.
"You want to see me get fucked by two guys?"
"Yes!"
"Would you really like to make it happen?"
I've fantasized about it for so long, but she was resistant to the idea...but now she seemed to be considering it. I needed to think about my answer. She was sucking my cock so well, I couldn't help but be extremely excited about the idea.
"Do you want to watch Josh and Mike fuck me?" she asked, again.
"Yes!"
She took my cock back into her mouth as I was getting close to cumming. She moved it in and out a few times, stopped with the head on her lips and gently sucked it for a few seconds.
"I've been thinking, a lot, about our conversation the other night and, if you really want me to, I think I'm willing to try it...are you really sure you want to watch them have sex with me?"
That pushed me over the edge. She took me back into her mouth, I put my hand on her head and came hard into her mouth. Roni held me there until every last drop of cum had drained out of me, she took my cock out of her mouth and stood.
"You need to work on a plan if you are really you want this.. I don't want to come off looking like a slut, so think of something good."
"So, you are serious!"
"Aren't you? I thought that's what you wanted?"
"It's exciting to think about, but I don't know about really doing it."
"If you've changed your mind, that's fine. I don't want to do it unless you do."
"Wow...you have just blown my mind! I will certainly think about it!
************
We got ready and went to the pool. The whole day was an adventure for me. Roni wouldn't wear her sexy red bikini, but she did wear the one she'd had on at the pool party. I could tell, by the looks she got from some of the guys at the pool, they were remembering her from the party, with her cute, little breast exposed.
Watching her flirt with Josh and Mike, and knowing they were thinking about the pictures I'd shown them and picturing her sweet, tight body...naked...was amazing. Also, knowing she was considering letting both of them fuck her was a huge rush.
I couldn't help but think about seeing her naked with both of those guys. They already knew what that sexy her little body looked like, but seeing them actually touching her and enjoying her firm young body and thinking about how they had commented on how much they wanted to fuck her was extremely exciting!
If they only knew that she was aware of them looking at her pictures and that it really turned her on and if I told them that she was willing to let them see her nude in person.....we'd all be naked in our apartment in no time flat!
I kept wondering if we could go through with it...I knew they would be willing. And seeing the way Roni was acting around them, I was pretty sure that she would too.
Hannah arrived later in the afternoon. Once she arrived Roni stopped flirting with Mike, but continued with Josh.
We enjoyed the afternoon at the pool and headed home about 6:00.
************
"You looked like you were having a good time," I told Roni after we got home.
"Yeah, it was fun! I love the way they look at me after you show them my pictures. The sexual tension was so high, I know they were thinking about my pictures, but trying not to let it show!"
"Yeah, I noticed how much you were flirting with them."
"I wasn't flirting."
"Yes, you were."
"No, I wasn't. I was being...friendly."
"Sweetheart, it's okay to flirt. It turns me on to see the way you tease them."
"Steve, you're crazy."
"Don't lie, you enjoy flirting with them, don't you?"
"Honestly?"
"Of course," I said.
"Yes, I do. I love thinking about them seeing me naked."
"I can tell that you do.... That's why I've decided, Oh God I can't believe I'm saying this.....if you still want to, we can see if we can set something up."
"Are you suggesting what I think you are?"
"Letting them have sex you."
"Really! Are you sure?"
"Yeah, I think it'd be fun."
"You really need to think about this, if it happens, there's no going back."
"I've thought about it. I think it'd be incredible to watch them enjoying your sexy little body. After teasing them for two months, they'll probably cum on themselves before we can even get you naked! Are you sure you are going to be able to go through with it?"
"Yeah, I'm pretty sure I can if you really want me to?"
"Do you want to?"
"Yeah...I think it would be exciting".
"I can't believe I am this excited about watching them devour my wife, I honestly can't wait!"
"Well, what do you have in mind?"
"I don't know. We'll have to figure something out."
"You don't think they'll think bad of me afterwards, do you?"
"No way! All they'll be thinking of is what amazing pussy you have!"
"Wow, Steve! You're really building me up. I don't know if I can live up to the expectation."
"Sweetheart, they're going to love it. You'll give them something they'll never forget."
"What about you? Will you be okay, afterwards?"
"Baby, those guys will be so jealous of me afterwards, knowing that I get to enjoy you anytime I want!"
Neither one of us said anything for a few seconds.
"So, what's the plan?" Roni asked.
"I don't know. Maybe we'll get you drunk and take advantage of you."
"That may work. I can blame it on the alcohol."
Roni seemed to be deep in thought.
I said "sweetheart are you okay?"
"Baby, I'm so turned on thinking about this. I want you, right now!"
We went straight to our bedroom and were naked in no time. Roni climbed on top and started riding me.
"Are we really going to do it?" she asked.
"Are you sure you want to?"
"Yeah, I think so, but are you going to be upset with me, afterwards?"
"No, Baby. This is something I've thought about for a long time. The thought of it drives me crazy!"
"How is it going to work? Are all three of you going to have sex with me at the same time?"
"I think I'll let them enjoy you first, I'll sit back and watch."
"You're going to let both of them fuck me at the same time?"
"Yeah, I think that's the way it'll work out. You can suck one cock while the other one fucks you."
"Oh, Steve, that sounds kind of scary! I'm not sure I can handle both of them at the same time".
"Yeah, I'm sure you can. Once you get in to it I think it will all come naturally. I can't wait to watch Mike fuck you with his big, fat cock!"
Roni started riding me really hard.
"You're not teasing me, are you?"
"You mean about letting them fuck you?"
"Yes."
"No, Roni, I'm serious! I look forward to seeing how excited they'll be to actually touch your firm, little body and, eventually, fuck the pussy they've been dreaming about."
She got off of me, got on her knees, put her head on the pillow and raised her ass into the air.
"Take me from behind! Fuck me hard! Fuck me as hard as you want!"
I got behind her and buried my cock inside of her pussy as deep as I could. It didn't take long before I had another huge orgasm, but Roni wasn't finished, yet.
"Get Mike out of the drawer and fuck me with him!"
She laid on her back, spread her legs and I started slowly fucking her with Mike. It took a couple of minutes, but I finally had Mike all of the way inside of her and was slowly fucking her.
"Damn, that feels good! I can't wait to feel the real thing!"
"You're looking forward to it, aren't you?"
"They've been looking at pictures of me naked for a while. I want them to see me naked...in person!"
"And touch you?"
"Yes! I want them to touch me, too!"
"I can't wait to watch Josh bury his cock in your fat, little pussy! That's all he talks about when I show him your pictures. If he only knew he was going to get to feel your pussy!"
"You're going to make me cum!"
"And I can't wait to watch you try and take Mike's monster cock in your tight, little pussy! He's going to stretch you out!"
"Oh, I'm cumming!"
"He's going to fuck your pussy so hard, you won't be able to walk for a week!"
That brought her to orgasm! I enjoyed watching her cum, her whole body was shaking. Afterwards, she just lay there smiling and gently rubbing her pussy.
"Holy fuck! That was amazing!" she finally said and I laughed.
"Yeah, Baby! You came hard. I've never seen you so turned-on!"
************
The next morning, we talked about making our fantasy a reality; we laid down some ground rules and also set forth a plan on how to make it happen.
"I'll have to be, at least, a little drunk, but not too drunk because I still want to be in control of myself and I want to be able to remember everything that happens. Are you Positive that you want this to happen?" Roni asked.
"Yes, as long as I have some control over what happens. I've fantasized about this for so long, I think I need to..... just to see what it's like. But at the same time, I don't want you to do it, unless you really want to try it. I don't want you to think that I'm forcing you...If you feel reluctant in any way, please let me know".
"Steve you have been talking about this for so long...you have actually turned your fantasy into mine as well. You have put all these images in my head, I want to do this for you...who knows...it might be incredible for both of us".
"I think it'll be so erotic to watch you being enjoyed by two men at the same time."
"I'm completely ready to make your fantasy a reality," she told me.
"Promise me you'll never do anything behind my back and you'll tell me if either one of them tries to get you to meet them alone, afterwards."
"I promise."
So, it was agreed that we'd invite Josh and Mike over to our apartment. We'd play drinking games until Roni was drunk, I'd talk her into stripping for us and see where it went from there. We both agreed that we'd back out if either of us changed our mind. If either one of us said, 'I'm tired, I'm going to bed', that meant it was off.
We were so excited about the plan we'd worked out, we spent the rest of the weekend and all of the next week on a sexual high.
************
Finally, Friday afternoon came and I called Josh.
"Hello, Josh. What are your plans for the weekend?"
"I don't have any."
"What about Mike?"
I could hear Josh talking to Mike.
"Mike is free tonight, but he has plans with Hannah for the rest of the weekend."
I felt butterflies in my stomach.
"Do you guys want to come over and play some games, tonight?"
"Sure, what time?"
"How about eight?" I said.
"Cool, we'll see you then."
When I ended the call, I felt weak in the knees. Roni wasn't home from work, yet, so I opened a beer and waited for her. She got home a little after six.
"How was your day, Sugar?"
"Fine. What's up? Why do you look scared?"
"Because I am."
She looked concerned.
"What's wrong?"
"Well....are you ready?" I asked.
"Ready.... for what? Steve, your voice is shaking. What's wrong?"
"Josh and Mike are coming over tonight to play games."
Roni's face turned a little pale.
"No way.....tonight?"
"Yes."
"Wow. I didn't expect it to happen this soon!"
"Yeah, me either. I was thinking maybe tomorrow, at the earliest, but Mike has plans with Hannah. So, it's either tonight or we can try for next weekend."
Roni sat on the sofa next to me.
"Well, what do you think?"
"Are you ready for tonight?" I asked.
"I can be, in an hour."
"So, you're ready to go through with this?"
"I am 'if' you still want me to. Are you sure you want to go through with it? You seem a little upset."
"Not upset, just nervous, thinking about what may happen in a few hours."
"Well, we can cancel if you want," she said.
"Do you want to?"
"No, I'm fine. Like I said, I can be ready shortly, I only need to shower and to get dressed. You, however, look nervous as hell!"
"I'll be fine as long as you're sure you're ready for this to happen. You're the one that's about to have sex with three guys!"
"I'll do whatever you want. I'm ready, but if you're not, we can cancel."
I thought for a minute about what we were thinking of doing. I thought about seeing her, very shortly, naked with two men, and then I thought about seeing Mike's big cock buried inside of her pussy.
"Well, go get ready! They'll be here around eight so I'll go get the alcohol and grab a sandwich for dinner."
*********
Roni was still in the tub when I returned home thirty minutes, later.
"I got tequila and beer."
"Cool. It won't take much tequila to get me drunk."
"I have a sandwich for you, too. You need to eat so you don't get sick."
"You're so sweet! Could you do me a favor?"
"Sure."
"Could you help me shave my pussy?"
"It would be my pleasure!"
"Good, but make sure you're careful. I don't want any nicks or razor burn."
She stood and lathered her pussy with soap, placed her foot on the side of the tub and handed me the razor.
"Now, remember, go slow. I want to be nice and smooth, but no razor burn."
As I took my time shaving her, I couldn't help but think about how, very soon, she'd have two other men feeling her freshly shaved pussy. After I finished, she sat in the water, washed herself clean and stood.
"Feel it to make sure you don't feel any stubble."
"It feels wonderful!" I told her.
"Awesome!"
"I'm going to get dinner on the table," I told her as she started drying off.
She came into the kitchen, wearing a thin robe, and grabbed a sandwich.
"Thanks, I'm going to eat as I put my make-up on."
She left the kitchen and went to the bedroom. I tried eating, but after a few bites, knew it was useless. So, I put the sandwich in the fridge, drank a glass of water and went to take a shower.
While I was in the shower, I started thinking about what we were about to do.
'Can I really let my wife fuck these two guys? Can I watch her get naked in front of them and then watch as they touch her, fondle her tits, play with and eventually fuck her?' I also wondered, 'Will Roni go through with it?'
But the thought of how exciting it would be, for them to actually see her nude in person and to see the look in their eyes when they realized they were about to fuck her, would be worth any apprehension I may have.
I realized just how much I was looking forward to it. I stroked my cock as I had all of these visions going through my mind. It didn't take long for me to have an orgasm.
After I finished showering, I went into the bedroom to get dressed. Roni was standing in front of the full length mirror looking at herself. She was wearing a sexy, little, sheer-black bra and matching French-cut panties.
"Well?" she asked when she saw me.
"You look gorgeous!"
"What do you want me to wear over this?"
"Something sexy, but not obvious," I said.
"Obvious?"
"Yeah. Something that doesn't let on that you know you're going to be naked, shortly."
She gave me a playful shove.
"Stop it."
I looked at the clock...it was seven thirty-five. Josh and Mike were due to arrive in twenty-five minutes so I dressed.
"Roni, I'm going to get some shots ready."
"I'll be out, shortly," she said.
As I was setting up the shot glasses and cutting the limes, she came into the kitchen.
"Well, how do I look?"
She was wearing a short, red shirt that came up to her navel and low-cut white shorts.
"You look good enough to eat! You know I love you in red."
She came over and wrapped her arms around me.
"So, what do you think...any second thoughts?"
"Why don't we play it by ear and see what happens," I said.
"Okay, but remember, if either of us chicken out, all we have to say is, 'I'm tired, I'm going bed'."
"Got it. How are you feeling?"
"Honestly...nervous, but horny as hell! I hope we can go through with this," she said.
"Really? You're that excited?"
"Come on, Steve. You know you're excited about it, too."
"Yeah, actually, I am!"
"Well then, let's make this a night to remember. How about a shot?"
I poured us a shot and we made a toast.
"To trying new things!"
We drank the shots and I grabbed beers for both of us. Josh and Mike arrived shortly after eight.
"You guys are behind. We did a shot before you got here," Roni said.
I poured two shots for each of them and one each for Roni and me. We spent the next two hours playing drinking games. The suspense was killing me. Watching Roni flirt with them and watching them trying to sneak looks at her curvy body was killing me. If they only knew that if all went as planned.....they would be looking at that body completely nude in a short time.
After five or six shots, and a few beers, we all had a good 'buzz'. As Roni was getting up to use the bathroom, I noticed she staggered a little. She quickly corrected herself, but I knew the time was getting close.
I went to the kitchen, poured another round of shots and we sat around drinking beer, listening to music and talking. The next time Roni left for the bathroom, she was noticeably swaying so I knew it was time. As soon as she was out of the room, I leaned very close to Josh and Mike.
"Hey, do you guys want to see if we can get Roni naked?"
"Hell, yeah!" Josh said.
"When she drinks tequila, she really loosens up. When she gets back, just play along with me," I said and they both readily agreed.
"Are you tired?" I asked when she got back.
"Not at all!" she said as she gave a wicked, little smile.
"Okay, time for another round of shots and...let's liven this party up some...let's do them off of Roni's chest!" I said and all eyes turned to Roni.
"What the hell, why not? Pour them up!" she said.
Roni drank her shot first and then we each took turns taking our shot from between her tits.
"I'm surprised you guys were able to find my breasts to do your shots," Roni said after we finished.
"Baby, you have beautiful tits!" I said.
"Yeah, right. I know guys like 'big' tits."
"Guys like 'all' tits. Isn't that right, guys?" I said and Mike and Josh agreed.
"Sweetheart, you have a perfect little body. I think you are sexy as hell!"
"Thanks Steve that is sweet"
"If you don't believe me ...ask Mike and Josh".
Roni looked at Mike.
He said " I've seen you in a bikini and Darling, you are gorgeous".
"I bet if you were a stripper, you'd make more money than any other girl at the club," I said.
"Oh, thanks, Steve. That's so flattering."
"He's not kidding! If you were a stripper, I'd have you doing table dances for every song!" Mike said.
"Hell, yeah! I'd pay to see you naked!" Josh added.
I looked at Roni.
"Are you tired? Do you need to go to bed?"
"Hell, no!" she said.
"Why don't you strip for us?" I asked.
Roni gave me a playful shove.
"Oh, stop it, Steve."
"No, seriously. We'll tip you! Look at it as a chance to earn extra money," Mike said.
I could tell, by Roni's reaction, she loved the attention.
"You'll tip me, huh?"
"Hell, yeah!" we all said.
"So, how much money can I make?"
"How much will it take?" I asked.
"I'm thinking, at least, two hundred."
"Damn, Baby! You're not cheap."
"How bad do you guys want a stripper?" she asked.
"Deal!" Mike quickly said.
"You guys aren't really being serious...are you?" Roni asked.
"I am!" Mike said.
"Me, too!" added josh.
Roni looked at me.
"Steve?"
"I don't think you could go through with it," I said.
Roni, is always up for a challenge.
"Try me!"
"I don't know, I bet you would chicken out" I said.
I looked at Josh and Mike, saw the anticipation in their eyes, and back at Roni.
"Are you sure you want Josh and Mike to see you naked?"
"For two hundred dollars? I think I can handle it."
"You must be drunk," I said.
"Maybe just a little."
I could tell, by the glassy look in her eyes, that she was definitely tipsy so I looked back at Josh and Mike, again.
"Do you guys want to see my wife naked?"
They looked at Roni.
"Hell, yeah!"
"Alright then. Roni, are you sure you want to do this?"
"Absolutely!"
My heart sank into my stomach.
"Okay. What are the rules?" I nervously asked.
"Okay. Here's how it's going to be. I'll take off one piece of clothing for every fifty dollars I earn, but there's a ten minute waiting period between clothes coming off," she said.
We all agreed, Mike pulled out his wallet and offered her fifty dollars.
"Okay. Here's the first fifty!" he said as Roni took it.
"Okay. It's your fifty, what do you want me to take off?"
"Your shirt," Mike said without hesitation.
"Okay. You guys go have a seat on the sofa."
We quickly moved over to the sofa and sat down Roni asked us to move the coffee table out of the way as she turned the music up a little.
She started dancing, slowly, to the music. As she danced she moved over in front of us. My stomach was doing flip-flops as she started to pull her shirt above her head.
When she had it off, she tossed it to Mike. All eyes were on her shear, black bra, her nipples were noticeably erect and very visible through the thin fabric. She continued to dance in front of us until the song ended. Josh looked at the clock.
"Ten forty-five," he said.
"What?" Roni asked.
"It's ten forty-five. At ten fifty-five, the next piece comes off," he said and Roni giggled.
"Okay," she said.
"I need another shot!" Mike said as he stood.
We all went back into the kitchen and everyone had a shot, except Roni.
"I'm already too drunk and, unless you want a passed-out stripper, I need to stop."
We all cut her off...no more liquor for Roni...and we went back to the sofa.
"Roni, since you're a stripper, you need to keep dancing for us," I told her.
She didn't complain and started to slowly dance in front of us again. God it was so sexy watching her, I couldn't wait for her to remove the next piece of clothing.
"Time! Its ten fifty-five," Josh said.
He didn't waste any time taking out his wallet and handing Roni fifty dollars.
"Shorts!"
"As you wish," Roni said.
She resumed dancing, turned around so her back was to us, and slowly started pulling her shorts down. We saw her pretty little ass with only a thin piece of lacy material running down the middle, both butt cheeks fully visible. It was all I could do not to reach out and grab her pretty little ass. She looked over her shoulder at us.
"I don't know if I can turn around. These panties are tiny!"
We all started cheering her on and chanting, 'Turn a-round, turn a-round.' Roni, finally and sheepishly, turned to face us and simply stood there, her hands covering her face, allowing us to take in the incredible view.
"I can't believe I'm doing this!"
We all sat quietly, staring at her pretty, full pussy only covered by the thin, sheer material of her panties. I was so turned on!
"Okay, stripper, time to dance," Mike said.
Roni started to slowly dance, again. She'd face us for a minute or so, then turn her back to us so we could see her perfect ass. I looked over at Mike and Josh and could see they were mesmerized. When Roni turned back toward us, I saw a damp spot in her panties...this was really turning her on!
"Time!" Josh said, again.
We looked at the clock and it was three minutes after eleven. A little early, but Roni didn't complain.
"I don't see any money," she said.
This time, I took fifty out of my wallet and handed it to her.
"And your choice, sir?"
Mike was saying, 'Bra' and Josh was saying, 'Panties', while Roni was standing, looking at me with an incredibly sexy smile.
"Well, Steve. What will it be? Do the guys get to see my tits or my bare monkey?"
"Sorry, Josh. I have to go with the bra. I think we should save the best for last, show these guys your tits!" I said.
She laid the money on the table and turned back to face us. She never took her eyes off of mine as she reached behind her back, unhooked her bra, held it in the front so it didn't fall off and gave me that sexy little smile again.
"Are you sure about this?" she asked me.
"Hell yes, but I don't think you've got the nerve to do it!"
She looked at Josh and Mike.
"Are you ready to see my tits, guys?"
We all cheered. She moved over between Josh and Mike and let the bra slowly slide off, revealing her sexy, firm breasts. She moved to the edge of the sofa and leaned forward and slowly shook her shoulders making her breasts gently sway back and forth. Her nipples were very erect and mere inches from their eyes. She straightened back up but stayed between Mike and Josh, showing off her perfect little titties. Watching her dance between them was incredible .... I thought my cock would explode.
I asked her to stop dancing and turn to give us a profile view. She did as I asked.
I said" What did I tell you, are those gorgeous or is it just me?"
Mike and Josh both gave their approval.
I could tell she was still pretty drunk and was loving every bit of attention she was getting from them. She turned back to face them, pulled her shoulders back which really put her breasts on display and said "Why thank you guys...are you sure they're not too small".
We all told her they were perfect!
She smiled and resumed dancing. As she turned to let them see her ass, again, I saw the wet spot between her legs was growing. I was speechless as I watched her dance. I looked at the clock and saw we were only five minutes away from total nudity. My cock grew harder.
"It's time for a bathroom break, but I'll be back, shortly," Roni announced.
"I can't believe this is happening! Are you really going to let her get completely naked?" Josh asked while she was gone.
"That's up to Roni, she's the one stripping. And as drunk as she is...I bet she does!" I told them.
Mike and Josh took out their wallets. Between the two of them, they had thirty-five dollars and I only had twelve. We were three dollars short. When Roni returned, we were all in the kitchen doing another shot.
"I need one as well," Roni said.
"I thought you were cut off," I said.
"If I'm about to remove my panties, I need another shot!"
Josh quickly poured her one, as well, and we finished the shots.
"Is it time, yet?" Roni asked.
"Well, there's one small problem," I said.
She stood quietly, staring at me.
"We only have forty-seven dollars."
"Damn! What a shame. And you guys 'almost' had me naked! Well, I guess I'll get dressed, now."
She acted like she was going to leave.
"No, wait a second! Can you give us credit? I promise we'll pay you, tomorrow!" I said.
All three of us held our breath as we looked at my topless wife, wanting so badly to see her completely naked. She thought for a minute.
"It will cost you interest!"
"How much?" I asked.
"Thirty dollars. That's ten from each of you."
"Deal!" all three of us said at the same time.
She told us to go back and sit on the sofa before she changed her mind. We ran back to our seats like little kids. We were all giddy with excitement.
She stood in front of us and looked at me.
"Are you sure you are okay with this?" she asked.
Looking at her naked breasts and seeing the sweet outline of her pussy through her sheer panties, I thought for a minute...'am I OK with the fact my wife is about to show Josh and Mike her pussy?' I was too nervous to speak so I simply nodded and Mike and Josh cheered her on.
"Show us the pussy! Show us the pussy!"
Roni gave them both a big smile. I could see the look of excitement in Roni's eyes, I started chanting with them.
"Would two of you guys be kind enough to move the coffee table back in front of the sofa? If I'm going to be a stripper, I want a stage."
Mike and I both stood and moved the table closer to the sofa. I helped her onto the table, returned to my seat and sat, breathless, as she slowly started swaying her hips back and forth. She closed her eyes and slid a thumb under each side of her panties and, ever so slowly, started sliding them down.
I sat there unable to move...I could not believe my beautiful wife was dancing topless for these two guys. Was I really going to let her show them her pussy as well? I felt a buzzing in my head.
Could I really let her pull her panties down and expose the most intimate part of herself to them?
The buzzing became a loud hum...everything else was silence. I felt light-headed...was I about to pass out...
This is it, she is about to show these two guys her pussy....I sat with mixed emotion...waiting for what came next.
She stopped at the very top of her pussy, but continued to sway back and forth with her eyes closed. After what seemed like forever, she moved her hands back to her hips and continued to remove her panties. I thought, 'Oh, wow she is really going to do it!'
This was the most agonizing, erotic experience I'd ever had! I wanted her to do it, but was so nervous about it at the same time. I never really thought this would actually happen. It seemed so surreal, watching my topless wife dancing on the coffee table with her pussy half exposed.
I looked over at Mike and Josh, they sat staring at her half naked pussy waiting for her to remove her panties, I'm pretty sure they weren't breathing. I couldn't believe that my drunk wife was only two inches from letting them see her completely nude.
Showing her pictures to them and thinking about this happening was far different from this. This was actually happening!
Should I stop her now before she shows them everything?
Too late.....
Roni opened her eyes and was looking directly at me. She gave me a wicked little grin as she gave her panties one final push and her full pussy came into view.
My heart sank into my stomach. Suddenly I felt very jealous. Mike and Josh began cheering loudly. Roni was eating it up. I couldn't believe that she actually did it...she now stood totally nude right in front of me and two other men! Holy fucking shit!
She let the panties slide down onto the coffee table, straightened her back and spread her legs, slightly. She was giving Josh and Mike a most extraordinary view of her pussy. They were speechless as all eyes were looking directly at my wife's extremely wet pussy.
All of this was too much for me. As I felt the throbbing in my shorts, I reached down, squeezed my cock and immediately came in my shorts.
She turned where her ass was facing us and slightly bent forward, giving us (especially Mike) an incredible and wonderful rear view of her excited pussy. Mike's erection was very obvious as Roni turned back to face us.
She raised her arms and said "Well?"
Sitting there, I was absolutely speechless as I stared at my beautiful bride, standing on a table with her gorgeous body on display for all to see.
"Baby, you're beautiful, that was unbelievable!" was all I could muster.
"I agree .... absolutely stunning," Mike said quickly
Josh sat speechless, staring at her pussy.
"I'm sorry, Josh. I guess I was a disappointment," Roni said as she looked at him.
Josh finally snapped out of it..."Oh, shit! I'm sorry! I have wanted to see you naked since that night at the pool party. And now here you are right in front of me... you are amazing!"
"Why, thank you, Josh!" Roni said and smiled really big as she started dancing, again.
"I need to give you guys your money's worth!"
She danced for a while, rotating front and back views. Then, she did something that surprised everyone...I think she surprised herself as well.
She stepped off the table and pushed it slightly out of the way. She turned so her back was to us, spread her legs about shoulder length apart and bent over until her hands were resting on the table. She held that pose for a few seconds, giving everyone an incredible view of her slightly spread pussy. She stood back up, danced for a few more minutes, announced that the show was over and placed one hand over her pussy and placed an arm in front of her tits.
"Well thanks, guys...I guess I'll be shopping tomorrow".
Josh said "No...thank you, that was worth every penny!"
Roni smiled and said "Why thank you Josh...that's so sweet".
I could feel the wet spot in my boxers spreading and starting to run down my thigh.
"I need to use the restroom," I told everyone.
I left, took a quick piss and went into the bedroom to change my underwear.
When I got back into the living room I was a little surprised to find Roni was still naked. I thought she'd get dressed after her performance. But instead she was sitting on the coffee table, legs crossed, talking with Josh and Mike. She was acting as if she were unaware she was naked.
It was really sexy to see them both taking in all of her body as she sat there talking to them. She had her hands resting on the table at her sides , not trying to cover herself in the least. It was obvious to me that Roni wanted them to see all of her.
When I entered Roni said "So Steve, Mike says I should get a job stripping...he thinks I could make a lot of money".
"Well I agree with him, I have always told you that you have an amazing body"
"Oh stop it you guys...I could never do anything like that. My mother would disown me if she ever found out".
"Well I know I certainly enjoyed your show tonight!" Josh added.
"Well thanks guys...I'm tired now, I'm going to bed."
She un-crossed her legs and sat for a second then said "You know I'm pretty drunk and will probably regret this tomorrow. I hope you will be gentleman and not say a word to anyone."
I noticed she had spread her legs a little and was giving Josh and Mike one last look at her pussy.
Neither one of them took their eyes off of her lovely slit as they promised not to say a word.
They both told her how much they had enjoyed the evening and how beautiful she was.
Roni finally said "hey guys I'm up here" as she was pointing at her face.
Mike and Josh looked up, started laughing and apologized for staring.
Roni stood, thanked them and gave them both a hug Then turned and headed toward the bedroom.
We all watched her pretty little ass as she walked away.
"God Damn...I can't believe that just happened" Josh said
"Me either " I replied.
"Thanks Steve...that was unbelievable" Mike added
They both shook my hand and then headed toward the door to leave.
I walked them out and as they were walking away I said "I'm sure this goes without saying...please don't tell another sole about what happened this evening."
They both swore that they would never tell a sole and left.