A million thanks to BffseOhio for editing!
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
**Author's Note: This is a continuous story where each chapter builds on the previous chapter. If this is the first chapter you've encountered of The Morrisons, I'd like to suggest you go back and read the previous chapters first, so you'll understand the character's actions as you read this chapter. I've added a list of the main story characters on the last page of the story. Please enjoy this chapter!
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
I appreciate hearing from the readers of my stories and I want to thank all those who took time to send me an email. I try to answer all the emails I receive and I really appreciate all your kind comments. Please realize I can't answer those readers who send me comments anonymously.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
For the record: All characters in this story are legal aged!
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
****************************
From - Chapter 10
We walked over to Hanna's room and her door was partly closed so I peeked around it then walked in and pulled the sheet up to cover Hanna. Again as I was walking away I heard a small voice say, "Thank you and I love you dad."
I stopped dead in my tracks and turned around and walked back to Hanna's bed and leaned down and kissed her forehead and said, "I love you to honey and don't ever forget it."
Hanna looked up at me and smiled saying, "I won't dad and thank you for everything."
When I walked out of the room my eyes were misty and the girls just looked at me. I looked at them simply saying, "Allergies."
All three girls smiled at me and never said a word. When we were standing next to Mary and Shelly's room I noticed Beth was holding hands with Mary. I stepped up and gave Shelly a passionate kiss on the lisps and told her to have a good night. I kissed Mary next laying a passionate kiss on her before pulling back and saying, "Take great care of my secretary, she's apparently a virgin and I want her to have fun on her first night out."
Next I pulled Beth into my arms and kissed passionately her like I'd never done before. Then I said, "I want you to have fun and enjoy yourself. Both of these ladies are the best and I know they will treat you like you've never been treated before. Good night sweetheart and enjoy yourself."
I walked to my bedroom and tried to crawl into bed unnoticed but Kim woke up and moved so I could lie between her and Terri. Both of them threw an arm over me and said they loved me. I fell asleep with a giant smile on my face.
****************************
Chapter 11
I awoke the next morning with a start, hearing my alarm clock blast away, and my sub-conscious was thinking there was something wrong. I jerked my body upright and looked around before I realized it was only my alarm clock, so I leaned over and switched it off. Simultaneously, Kim sat up quickly and asked, "Is there something wrong, Dan?"
I looked around my room and said, "No honey, everything is alright. I guess the sudden noise combined with yesterday's events just shook me up a little."
Kim asked me, "Are you getting up?"
I looked down at our bed and saw Terri was gone so I got out of bed and told Kim I would be right back. I walked down the hall and looked in Mary and Shelly's room and saw that they were still in bed with Beth in the middle. I checked Hanna's room and she was still in bed. I peeked in Jenna's room and she was in bed, so I walked across the hall into Terri's room and she wasn't in there. I headed for the stairs and when I didn't smell coffee at the top of the stairs I took the stairs two at a time moving quickly toward the kitchen. The light was on, but I didn't see Terri anywhere. Instant panic gripped my body and I yelled, "Terri, where are you?"
Terri stood up from behind the counter and looked at me then asked, "I am right here dad, what do you need?"
I smiled at her and said, "Oh nothing, I was only wondering where you were."
Terri came around the end of the counter and rushed me, throwing her body at me. When I caught her, I hugged her to my body. Terri's arms and legs were wrapped around me holding on tight when I realized she was crying in my neck. I patted her back as she clung to me and said, "Terri, it's ok, you are here with us and you're safe. I promise I will do my best to protect you. I love you so much honey, you are my girl."
I thought my words would calm Terri, but all I did was cause her to break down and cry even harder, her body trembled against mine. I continued to rub and pat her back, reassuring her that everything would be ok. I walked over to a chair and sat down so I could move Terri around and cuddle her as she cried. I reached up and brushed the hair away from her face and I told her over and over again how much I loved her.
Finally in a very quiet voice, Terri said, "I know you love me and you just proved how much by rushing down here. I saw the look of concern on your face when I stood up and only a loving parent would have a look like that. I love you and mom so much and I'm scared, really scared, after what happened yesterday. But I try to be brave, especially now that Hanna is here."
I hugged Terri to me and said, "Terri, do you want Kim to stay home with you today? I am sure she will if she knows how you feel."
Terri said, "No dad, both of you have a job to do just like I have a job to do. I will be ok after a minute. Please don't tell mom that I broke down. It's just the way you looked when you came down here to find me. If you get a chance during your day, and if you want to, call me and talk to me even if it's for only a few minutes; I would love to hear your voice."
Looking into Terri's eyes, I said, "Terri, I can't promise anything, but I will do my best to call you. I don't want either you or Hanna outside unless Mary or Shelly is with you. That includes just stepping out on the deck to check something. I know it will put a kink in the way you are used to doing business, but I want one of them with you at all times. Will you promise me you'll do that?"
Terri looked at me with tears in her eyes and said, "Daddy, I promise you I will be extra careful and I will watch out for Hanna too."
Terri wiped her eyes then got up and pulled a tissue out of the box before turning to me saying, "Now get out of my kitchen and don't come back until you're dressed for work. I'll have the coffee ready."
I stood up and started walking out of the kitchen then turned and asked, "Are you sure you're ok?"
Terri looked at me saying, "Shoo... go get ready for work, I'm fine!"
On the way back to my room, I passed Mary and Shelly's room and stopped in the room, standing at the end of the bed for a few seconds looking at the beautiful scene before me. Three very beautiful ladies, lying next to each other, each of them were touching one of the other girls. Beth was in the middle just like Kim had been yesterday morning when I woke her up. Finally I reached out and tapped Beth's foot and when she didn't respond, I gripped her foot and shook it. Slowly she came around and lifted her head to see what was happening. When she moved, both Mary and Shelly woke up and looked around before they spotted me. I smiled at them saying, "It's that time again and I came to wake up Beth. If you two want to go back to sleep for a little while you can."
Mary pulled Beth to her and kissed her passionately before saying, "Girl, now that we've unlocked that special hot and sexy girl inside that great body of yours, I want you again one day soon."
Shelly was next to kiss Beth before saying, "I second what Mary said. Don't wait too long before you come back. I have a place for you to sit, honey."
Beth smiled and said, "Both of you are too gracious. I had a wonderful time last night and I am looking forward to round two, three, four, well you get the idea."
Beth scooted out of bed and I said, "You can go in your shower all by yourself or you can come with me and shower with Kim and me. All you need to do is grab your personal items and come in and we'll get you clean."
As Beth and I were walking out of the bedroom we heard Mary say, "Come on, Shelly, let's go hit the shower."
Beth walked into my bedroom with me and we saw Kim still lying in bed. I said, "Come on sleepy head it's time to get in the shower."
Kim rolled over, saying, "I've been waiting for you to come back. I didn't want to give up my warm spot until I absolutely had to."
Kim looked up and said, "Oh Beth, I'm so glad to see you this morning. How did you sleep?"
Beth asked with a big grin on her face, "Sleep, what's that? Do you know where I went to bed last night?"
Kim looked at me and saw I was laughing, then she turned to Beth and said, "Oh my God, aren't those two great? They didn't let me sleep either."
Beth said, "I never even imagined that two or more females could make such satisfying and meaningful love to each other like I experienced last night. I kind of like this bi-sexual title."
Kim walked over to Beth and embraced her in a hug, and then both looked at each other a moment before they kissed, then kissed more passionately. Kim allowed her hands to roam all over Beth's naked body while they kissed. Kim broke the kiss and held Beth close to her body and said, "You and Dan are going to be traveling tonight and if both of you get the urge to enjoy yourselves, please don't hesitate to indulge. Don't worry about the boss/secretary status once you close the door to your room."
Beth looked at me and then back at Kim before saying, "I saw what happened here last night and although I understand that all of you share everything, and I do love that idea, I was still going to ask you this morning if I could be part of your circle of sharing. That is, if Dan is willing."
Kim smiled at Beth, saying, "Since you are going to shower with us, I will wash your body and you can wash his body so you can get familiar with his cock. That is, if you want to."
Beth said, "Kim, I would like to use your bidet if I may. I only have one disposable douche with me and I want to save that in case Mr. Morrison wants to take advantage of his secretary tonight."
Kim laughed before she asked, "Where are you two going anyway?"
I replied, "Tom didn't tell us. He only told us we were going to meet a supplier for some face time with their CEO and Board of Directors. He wants to introduce me because the company is a major parts supplier for us."
I continued to say, "Not only that, he asked both of us if we had passports. He said something to me about Egypt."
Beth squealed and asked, "Dan, are you serious? Are we really going to be traveling to places like Egypt?"
Looking between Beth and Kim before I replied, "I don't know for sure, but we are going to be traveling overseas because I know we receive parts and material from various countries."
I said with a smile, "If we don't get showered and on the way to work, we won't be going anywhere except the unemployment line."
All of us walked into the bathroom and Kim turned to Beth and asked if she knew how to use the bidet and when Beth said she didn't, Kim said, "I'll go first and you can watch me then you can use it."
Kim sat down and peed then wiped her pussy without any fanfare with all three of us in the room. Next I stepped up to the toilet and lifted the lid and Beth looked at me then turned to leave. I asked, "Where are you going, Beth?"
She said, "You're going to go to the bathroom, I was going to step out."
Kim smiled and said, "You can come back, we are very open here. Nothing is really sacred around here. I just peed and you didn't walk out so there is no reason for you to leave when Dan has to pee."
Beth said, "I'm still not used to all this openness, but I guess if I'm going to come back here and hang out with all of you, I might as well start practicing now. I've got to pee to."
I turned on the water in the shower and adjusted it to the right temperature while Kim adjusted the water on the bidet, then she sat down and cleaned her pussy. After Beth finished peeing, Kim said, "Come over here so you can see what I'm doing."
Beth stood by the wall and looked down at Kim's spread legs and watched what she was doing and then unceremoniously Kim stood up and stepped back saying, "Your turn."
Beth sat down and Kim coached her to slide all the way to the back so she was spread open. When the water hit Beth's pussy, she jumped a little, but settled back down and said, "Wow, this is better than a hand held douche. I may have to get one someday."
When they were finished both of them joined me in the shower. We washed each other then Kim bent over, lifted my hard cock and licked the end of it. Kim looked up at Beth and asked her to lean over next to her. Kim offered my cock to Beth who timidly licked my cock. Kim pulled it back and put my cock in her mouth and sucked me a few seconds before she pulled it out and offered my cock to Beth. Over the next few minutes Kim and Beth took turns sucking my cock before I said, "Honey, we have to get going or we will get hung up in traffic."
Kim smiled up at me saying, "Spoil sport."
Looking at Beth, Kim asked, "Do you want to suck him and then I'll swallow his cum?"
Beth said, "I would love to watch you suck his cock this time and I'll do it the next time all of us are together."
Kim got down on her knees and pulled my cock into her mouth and started sucking like a wild woman. Beth reached out and cupped my bald balls saying, "Oh, your balls feel so different being bald, I love them."
Kim didn't take long to make me cum and I shot my load down her throat. Just as I was coming down from my orgasmic high I heard Beth ask, "May I taste him too?"
Kim pulled my cock out of her mouth leaving a little of my cum still on my cock. She watched as Beth took my cock into her mouth and sucked it until it was clean. When Beth was finished she turned and kissed Kim. Then both of them stood up and shared a kiss with me. All of us rinsed off one last time before I shut the water off and stepped out of the shower. I handed out the towels and Kim pushed Beth in the middle so I could wipe her body dry. Once we were dry, we stepped over to the sink to do the other morning duties when Beth said, "I'll use the other bathroom for this so I can blow dry my hair and get ready."
Between Kim and me, I was the first one to be finished in the bathroom and dressed. When I walked by Beth's room on the way downstairs I stopped and said, "Beth, if you don't want to carry the suit you had on yesterday with you to work this morning, you can put it in our closet. Ted and Marion will be using this room tonight."
Beth said "Thanks Dan, that's a great idea. I'll take you up on that offer."
I backed up to our room and said to Kim, "Honey, Beth is going to hang her suit up in our closet so she doesn't have to carry it today."
Kim said, "Ok, tell her to bring it in when she is ready."
I relayed the message to Beth then asked if she would like a cheese omelet? Beth said, "Sure that sounds great."
I stopped at Jenna's room and walked over to her bed admiring her small tits as she lay on her back, snoring quietly. I stood by her bed for a few moments looking down at my sleeping beauty before I leaned down and kissed her forehead a few times until her eyes started to flutter; I said, "Time to wake up, baby."
Jenna smiled up at me saying, "You are so sweet to wake me up with kisses daddy, I love you so much."
I looked at her lovingly saying, "I love you too, darling."
As I left Jenna's room I looked back at her bed and Jenna was just pushing her foot out from under the sheet saying, "I'm getting up, dad."
I walked down the stairs and this time I smelled that wonderful aroma of coffee. As I rounded the corner into the kitchen, I saw Terri at the stove while Mary and Shelly were sitting at the counter. Terri looked over her shoulder and said, "You're late so I started making cheese omelets for all three of you. I hope that's ok."
Mary stood up and made me a cup of coffee, buttered the toast and put it on a plate before she put some more bread in the toaster, then sat down again. A few minutes later Kim and Beth walked into the kitchen and Beth said, "The coffee smells great, what do I have to do to get a cup?"
Mary got up and headed towards the coffee maker, then she giggled and said, "Take a half day off from work and we'll be glad to show you."
Beth said, "I'll have to ask my boss if he can spare me for a few hours to have wild sex with a couple of very hot ladies."
I responded, "Beth, although your boss might think that would be a good idea, I am positive he will have a full agenda for you today."
Kim and Beth both sat down and Mary placed a cup of coffee in front of each of them. Terri put a plate in front of each of us with an egg omelet on it. We were having a general conversation when suddenly I remembered to tell Terri about the camera and the monitor.
I said, "Terri, when Ted gets here this morning I want you to tell him that I've decided I want you to know who's at the front door before you open it. Mary, Shelly and I talked about it last night and I decided I want a small monitor mounted here in the kitchen with a pinhole camera mounted some place in the doorjamb. Please, tell Ted to just do it despite the costs and the sooner the better."
Terri replied, "No problem dad, I'll let him know."
Then I said, "Terri, last night I decided I am going to compensate Mary and Shelly for being here. Each Friday, I would like you to discreetly pay each of them fifteen hundred dollars cash, out of the house account. I will make sure you have enough money added to the house account to take care of this. Terri, I don't want Ted to know we are giving the girls the money so keep this only between us."
Again Terri smiled and replied, "No problem dad, I'll set both them up on my expense sheet. But until I'm able to drive out on my own, I will have to have either Mary or Shelly take me to the bank to draw out the cash."
Kim finally said, "I think it's a wonderful idea to compensate these dedicated young ladies for going above and beyond their normal duties to make sure we are safe. They have given up their time off from work; they've been here twenty four hours a day and haven't seen any of their friends so they are sacrificing a lot to pull the duty here. Actually, I want to make any additional offer and say, if either of you have a friend or two who you trust and would like to invite them out here, please consider this as an invitation to do so."
Mary was quick to say, "All of you have been super and I haven't minded a bit being here whether I've been on duty or off. You are an exceptional family and I wouldn't trade this opportunity to serve you, for anything."
Shelly spoke up saying, "I've expressed how I feel many times and I'm with Mary, I wouldn't trade this experience for anything, either. I love all you guys and I truly mean it."
Jenna wandered into the kitchen and asked, "Who loves who?"
Shelly said, "We were just talking about Mary and I pulling duty here and I said I love all you guys."
Terri said to Jenna, "Sit down sweetie and I'll get you some coffee. Do you want a cheese omelet too?"
Jenna smiled at Terri and said, "Thank you Terri, you're the best sister a girl could have."
I looked at Kim and said, "Beth and I have new cell phones courtesy of the company. There's no sense of me carrying two, so I will only carry theirs. I will call you later so you can save the number on your phone. Terri, I'll call you too so you will have that number. Actually, I'll have Beth call both of you so you will have her number as well."
Mary asked for a piece of paper and pen and when Terri handed it to her she wrote down her number and handed the paper to me asking, "Would you be so kind to call me to and then I will have your number in case of an emergency. Not that I expect there will be one, but just in case."
I took the paper and put it in my pocket and said, "Yes, I'll be happy to give you my number in case you need to get in touch with me directly."
I looked at Beth and Kim saying, "We better get going or we will be caught in the traffic."
Jenna spoke up saying, "Mom, how are you getting to work?"
Kim said, "I was going to take the Mercedes; why?"
Jenna said, "If you want to ride with Dad, I'll swing by your office after I get off and pick you up so we can ride home together."
Kim looked at me and I said, "If that's what you want to do its ok with me but either way we have to get going."
Kim, Beth and I stood up and said our goodbyes to everyone and just as I started towards the door leading to the garage Terri, Mary and Shelly stood up and rushed to stand by the side of the door. I stopped and looked at them when Mary spoke up saying, "We want to take part in the morning ritual. We want to be kissed and hugged to."
Kim and I walked over to Jenna and kissed her before we headed towards the door and the gauntlet of hugs and kisses. As we started down the line I saw Beth had joined our parade and hugged and kissed each of the three standing by the door waiting for us. After we got into the car, I opened the garage door and backed out. Unlike anything I've ever done before, I paused and watched the garage door until it was closed completely before I finished backing up and heading down the driveway.
Our trip into the city was uneventful while Kim and Beth spent much of the time talking about girl things. They covered so many topics I lost track and just drove the car. All too soon, for me anyway, I pulled up front of Kim's office and stopped the car. Kim leaned over and said, "I love you honey and don't worry about anything at the house. We will have plenty of police coverage tonight, pun intended, and we will find out if Ted can keep up with all of us girls like you have."
I smiled and said, "I hope you and the girls won't wear him out so he can't respond if there's an emergency."
Kim smiled at me and said, "Don't worry honey, I'll get him up."
Kim giggled and said, "There I go again."
Finally Kim kissed me and the kiss lasted longer than our normal parting kiss. When she pulled back from our kiss, she said, "Don't worry, everything will be fine. We have done everything possible to make sure everyone stays safe."
Then Kim kissed me again before she turned and as she was getting out of the car she said, "I love you, Dan. Have a great trip with this lovely young lady. I hope everything works out well for both of you. Beth, take care of my man and enjoy yourself."
Beth opened the back door and got out and hugged Kim before she turned and headed towards the front door of her building. I watched Kim's ass while Beth slipped into the front seat. Kim turned at the door and blew me a kiss and I returned it by blowing her a kiss back.
I pulled into my new parking space close to the door and as I was getting out of the car, Hank came walking by and stopped to ask, "Dan, you really didn't know what was going to happen yesterday, did you?"
I smiled at Hank and replied, "No Hank, you were the first one to give me a hint there was something going on and when I got to my office Beth was the second one. I only thought we were going to fill a department head position, I had no idea what was going to happen beyond that."
Hank said, "You deserve the promotion. Your department has been at the top for a long time and now you are at the top."
We started walking towards the door and I said, "Hank, your department isn't doing that bad but you know it could do better."
Hank smiled at me saying, "Yes boss, I will bring up my numbers and impress the hell out of you."
Beth and I went directly to our new offices and when we got there a young lady was sitting at the secretary desk. I stopped to say good morning and immediately the young lady jumped up and said, "Good morning Mr. Morrison and Ms. Thompson. I have been assigned to fill in as your secretary until you choose a secretary. My name is Kelly Jones."
We shook hands and smiled at each other before I asked, "Kelly, are you on my list to interview?"
Kelly said, "Yes sir, I am. The reason I'm here now is because they needed someone to fill in until you find someone, so I volunteered."
I looked at Kelly and said, "Since you're here already, you will be the first we interview. Give me fifteen minutes and then come into my office."
"Mr. Morrison, Ms. Thompson, would either of you like some coffee?" Kelly asked as Beth and I started walking into Beth's office.
I stopped and said, "Yes, I'd love some coffee with cream and two sugars."
Beth said, "Thank you Kelly, I'd like my coffee the same as Mr. Morrison."
After the door closed to my office Beth looked at me saying, "Can you believe that, I get a secretary who delivers coffee to me."
I smiled at Beth saying, "Yes, I know Beth, I love a secretary who knows what her boss likes and doesn't like."
Beth smiled at me saying, "Yes I know, however I bet this one won't bring you a cheese Danish with your coffee."
Both Beth and I were still laughing when Kelly walked into my office with two cups of coffee on a tray. She set it down on my desk and passed a cup to me and set one in front of Beth. Both of us thanked Kelly for the coffee and she said, "When you are ready for a refill, I'll be back."
I glanced through the personnel folders of the secretarial short list and then I glanced through the personnel folders of the secretaries who I listed and left with Tom's executive secretary Brenda Summers. I was diverted from further review when there was a knock on my door. Beth answered the door and saw Kelly standing there. Beth welcomed Kelly into my office and said, "Please, have a seat over here."
Once both Beth and Kelly were seated I opened Kelly's folder and reviewed her performance reports and some of the material in her folder pertaining to her secretarial skills. I looked at Kelly and told her I was only going to spend fifteen minutes with each secretary then asked her to call the next candidate on my list and have her report to her office in twenty five minutes. Kelly got up and started to leave my office when I stopped her saying, "I want you to use my phone and put it on speaker."
Kelly looked at me then smiled and walked to the corner of my desk and asked who I wanted her to call. I gave Kelly the name and number of the next candidate then sat back and listened to Kelly make the call and what she said. Just as importantly, I listened to what the other candidate said.
When Kelly was finished with the call she took her seat again and I asked a few questions before asking Beth to ask a few questions. As I guessed it took almost fifteen minutes to complete the interview. Before Kelly left my office, I said, "The next candidate should be arriving at your office shortly, but I don't want her to knock on my door until twenty five minutes have passed from the time we started your interview. Secondly, I don't want you to tell her that she was on speakerphone when you called her."
Kelly got up from her chair and thanked both of us for an opportunity to interview for our secretarial position. Once Kelly left my office I said, "Beth, I want you to remember how each of the secretary candidates act when I ask them to call the next candidate. You may want to ask questions on the methods and the tone of voice they use during the call. Also, listen to the response of the candidate being called."
Soon there was a knock on my door and I glanced up at the clock on the wall while Beth opened the door and escorted the next candidate in and directed her to sit in the chair directly in front of my desk.
****************************
At the Morrison home, Ashley and Debbie arrived at the gate and after pushing the button and announcing they were at the gate, Terri pushed the code into her handset and the gate opened for both of them to enter. When the door bell rang, Terri and Shelly went to the door together and Terri opened and welcomed both girls into the house. Just as Terri was going to close the door, she saw Ted's truck coming up the driveway, so she said to Shelly, "Let go out on the porch and wait for Ted to get out of his truck."
Ted started up the steps, then looked up and saw both Terri and Shelly standing naked on the porch. Ted smiled and said, "God I love this job. There isn't another place around that I've worked where I can come to work and see two heavenly naked bodies and both are ready willing and able to satisfy a man's needs. By the way, did I tell both of you how beautiful you are?"
Both girls giggled and attacked Ted from each side as they said, "Good morning."
All three of them walked into the house arm in arm, closing and locking the front door once inside. Ted removed his clothes and his cock was standing straight out in front of him. Shelly cupped his balls in her hand and said to Terri while laughing, "Terri, you should take a picture of me having my boss by the balls so I can take it to the office and show the other girls."
Ted looked at Terri asking, "Terri, you love me don't you? You wouldn't do what this nasty woman wanted you to do, would you?"
Terri smiled at Ted saying, "Ted, you know I love you, but you know we girls have to stick together."
Ted laughed saying, "I see where I stand."
All three went to the kitchen and Terri said to Ted, "Sit down and I'll get you some coffee. By the way, dad has an additional project he'd like you to get done immediately so we can see who's at the front door before we open it. He said he wants you to put a small monitor here in the kitchen and a wireless pinhole camera in the doorjamb."
Ted said, "Let me go look at the door; I have an idea for the camera."
When Ted returned he said, "We can mount a camera in a hole and disguise it like a peephole in the door. May I use your phone and we can have that delivered here within the hour. What size monitor did Dan say he wanted here in the kitchen?"
Terri replied, "He didn't say other than he wanted a small monitor."
Suddenly the gate handset rang and when Terri picked it up she found out Tony and his crew was at the gate. She pressed in the code and told Tony enter, but wait for the gate to close to make sure no one else came in. Then she asked Tony to come to the front door after they drove up to the house. When the door bell rang Terri and Shelly went to open the door for Tony and his crew.
Once everyone was assembled in the kitchen Ted said, "Marion will be here later today and we will be setting up security codes for each crew who works here. To ease the process a little and to make it easier on all of you, please submit a code to Terri which is at least five digits long and easy for you to remember. We will use those codes for your crew instead of you having to memorizing a new code. However, if someone forgets their code they can always push the "call" button on the keypad and Terri can punch in her code to let you in the gate.
Everyone was sitting around when the gate handset started ringing again. Terri looked around the room and wondered who was at the gate. She picked up the handset and immediately recognized Bill's voice saying, "Hi Terri, how do I get in, there is a gate across the driveway now."
Terri punched in the code and the gate started to open; Terri said into the phone, "Bill, please pull through the gate then wait until it closes so no one else comes through. When you park, please come to the front door so you can talk to our security guy for a gate code."
Bill replied, "No problem Terri, I'll be right up there."
When the doorbell rang, Terri and Shelly walked to the front door and Terri opened it and welcomed Bill into the house. Bill asked Terri if everything was alright and she replied, "Yes Bill, everything is fine. The Morrisons have decided to have more security here so they put up a gate. Come out to the kitchen and talk to Ted, he's the one who is installing our security system and he will tell you what he needs."
Just as Terri and Shelly were walking back to the kitchen they saw Hanna walking down the stairs so they stopped and waited for her. Both Terri and Shelly hugged Hanna then Terri asked, "Are you hungry? I don't know your morning habits yet, but I'm a fast learner."
As they started walking towards the kitchen, Hanna said, "Yes I'm starved, what's for breakfast?"
Terri replied, "You can have whatever you want. I can cook eggs for you or you can have cereal."
Hanna stopped and surveyed the people in the kitchen saying, "Do you host a party twenty four hours a day around here?"
Terri smiled saying, "No; everyone is coming to work and since we put in the security gate they are setting up for their crew's security code."
Hanna looked at Bill and asked, "Who's that guy over there, he wasn't here last night?"
Terri smiled and whispered in Hanna's ear, "That's Bill Smith, he is our pool and hot tub maintenance guy. Wait until he goes out to work and we'll go out and watch him."
Hanna wrinkled up her nose and looked at Terri asking in a whisper in Terri's ear, "Why are we whispering and why are we going to go out and watch him clean the pool?"
Terri leaned back over and whispered in Hanna's ear, "When Bill takes off this shorts you'll find out why we are whispering and why I want to watch him work."
Hanna looked at Terri and silently said, "Tell me."
Terri whispered in Hanna's ear, "He has a cock that's almost the size of a small horse."
Hanna pulled back with a questioning look then she said, "You've got to be kidding me."
Terri giggled saying, "Wait and see for yourself."
When Ted had everything he needed, he said to everyone, "Please check with Marion before you leave this afternoon to make sure she has your code entered correctly. Also, I want to thank everyone for their assistance."
Once everyone cleared out of the kitchen, Terri had Hanna sit down and Terri asked, "Would you like eggs for breakfast?"
Hanna answered, "Yes please and if it's not too much trouble, may I have scrambled eggs?"
Terri smiled and said, "Nothing is too much trouble when it comes to you, sweetheart."
Within a few minutes Terri set Hanna's breakfast in front of her and Hanna asked if she could have a glass of milk. Terri smiled and said, "Sure honey, I'll get it for you but I want you to know, while you are here, you don't have to ask for anything. You are welcome to eat or drink whatever you want. You're part of the family now, so please feel at home here."
Shelly added, "Mary and I are just working here and we were told the same thing. The Morrisons are very gracious people."
Hanna said, "It will take me some time to get used to this kind of hospitality because I've never been exposed to or experienced anything as nice as this before."
Terri said with a smile and a wink, "Hanna, if you want we can go out on the deck and you can eat your breakfast, the view in usually very good out there when certain people are here."
Hanna picked up her plate and stood up, followed by Mary, Shelly, and Terri. All four girls walked out on the deck and Terri got some towels out of the cabinet for their chairs. Ted came out a few minutes later and sat down and started talking to Mary and Shelly.
Bill finished cleaning the bottom of the pool so he pulled the hose to the shallow end of the pool and then picked it up and walked up the steps carrying the vacuum hose. Hanna was taking a drink of her milk when she saw Bill's lower body come into sight. Hanna choked and sprayed the milk in her mouth all over Terri. Terri screamed and jumped causing Mary, Shelly and Ted to jump up and look around until they saw Terri covered in milk and Hanna apologizing. Then all four girls started laughing when they saw Bill had stepped up out of the pool and his cock, despite the cool water was a little better than semi-erect.
Terri said with another wink and a smile, "Hanna, since you sprayed me with milk you can come over to the shower and wash me off."
After Terri slightly nodded her head towards Bill, Hanna caught on quickly and both Hanna and Terri walked over by the pool and Terri adjusted the water while Hanna watched Bill's cock bounce as he worked. The whole time Hanna and Terri were in the shower, Hanna moved so she could see what Bill was doing. When they finished both girls positioned themselves at the table so they could watch Bill's every move. When Bill started cleaning the hot tub by kneeling on the edge, all four sets of female eyes were glued to the view of Bill's cock swinging and bobbing as he worked. Ted tried to talk to the girls, but none of them seemed to be listening. Finally Bill finished vacuuming both the pool and the hot tub so he walked off the deck to go back flush the filters.
While Bill was out of sight Ted was able to get the full attention of his officers and finished telling them the information he wanted them to know. Shelly was sitting next to Ted so she reached over in his lap and started stroking his cock. Ted said, "Don't start something that you aren't ready to finish."
Shelly smiled at Ted saying, "I can finish anything I start. The only potential problem I have is I'm on duty right now, so if we are going to do anything it has to be right here and right now. Can you handle taking care of my pussy right here with that big cock bouncing around here?"
Ted smiled and said in a very quiet voice, "I'm not intimidated by a horse cock because I know my whole cock will fit into that lovely pussy of yours and his won't. So you can come over here and sit on my lap and enjoy both my cock physically filling your pussy and Bill's cock fulfilling your fantasies."
Shelly smiled at the other girls and asked, "Do any of you mind if I take a ride on this fine example of male appendage?"
Terri looked at Hanna and asked, "Do you mind if Shelly enjoys herself. She really can't go off anywhere because she has to be near us."
Hanna smiled saying, "I want all of you to understand I don't have anything against consensual sex. Whatever Harold did to my body, he did it without me knowing and furthermore, without me even being conscious. So please, enjoy yourselves and at some point I may want to join the fun, but as some of you know, the doctors have stressed the damage that was done to my colon could have killed me if it not been for the fast actions of Ted, Dan, Kim and Dr. Collins, for which I am so very thankful."
Looking at Ted, Hanna said, "In case I haven't told you how thankful I am, I want you to know you'll always be remembered as one of the people who saved my life. Thank you so much for all you did for me. "
Hanna continued saying, "I told Terri when I came here, I'm not a nudist and the only people who has seen me naked are the ones I was forced to show my body to. I also told Terri that I would do my best to fit in. Now that I'm here and I have seen how everyone acts around each other, I'm impressed. In just the very short time I've been here I'm already starting to realize there is a near perfect world where everyone can love each other and co-exist and share their love with many others and not just one person."
Terri moved her chair closer to Hanna and said, "I wasn't a nudist when I came here either and now I shudder every time I have to put clothes on because I love living free like this."
Shelly stood up and moved over in front of Ted then reached between her legs and aligned Ted's cock up with her wet pussy then she slowly slid down the length of his cock until she was sitting on his lap. Shelly smiled and said, "I'm being screwed by my boss, literally."
Ted tapped Shelly on the shoulder saying with a huge smile on his face, "I'm going to give you the fucking of your life and you won't forget it."
Just as Shelly started bouncing up and down on Ted's lap Bill walked back up on the deck. Shelly's moans and little screams of pleasure got his attention. He stopped and looked and as he watched his cock started to fill and then rise. Terri looked at Bill then tapped Hanna on her arm saying, "Look at Bill, he has a hard on now."
Bill's attention was drawn to Hanna when she covered her mouth and gasped loudly at the sight of Bill's hard cock. Bill smiled at Hanna and walked over to her with his cock leading the way saying, "Hi my name is Bill and you are?"
Hanna's eyes were glued to Bill's cock as she held up her hand saying, "I'm.......aw......I'm Hanna and I'm glad to see you ..... I mean ..... meet you."
Terri smiled up at Bill saying, "Pull up a chair and sit down."
Bill returned Terri's smile saying, "I'd love to but I have to get going. I have to get to work. However, one day I'll make sure I take some extra time off so I can sit down with all you lovely ladies."
Mary asked, "How are you going to get dressed with that thing being so hard?"
Bill said, "I'll take care of it before I get dressed."
Mary smiled and said, "I still can't take that thing inside me, but if you want, I will stroke that lovely cock of yours until you cum."
Bill grinned at Mary and started walking towards her and she stood up and held out her arms to Bill. Mary embraced Bill then looked up at his face and said, "Your cock feels so good I wish I could feel it inside me."
Bill said, "One day we will take our time and I promise I will be slow and gentle with you, if you want to try my cock. I promise to stop when you want me to."
Mary reached between them and pushed Bill's cock down until it was between her legs. Mary spread her legs and used Bill's cock to rub through her female fluids. Once she was satisfied that Bill's cock was coated with her juices she had Bill sit down in her chair and she kneeled in front of him. Mary reached out and tried to wrap her hand around Bill's cock but her small hand didn't fit all the way around it. Slowly she started moving her hand up and down while she looked up at Bill saying, "I want to watch you cum. I want to see you squirt all over my titties. Would you like that, Bill?"
Bill started breathing faster and more irregular almost immediately. Terri and Hanna watched as Mary started to build tempo as she stroked Bill's huge cock. Even Shelly and Ted moved slightly so they could watch what Mary was doing. Mary said, "Wow Bill, you have a wonderful large cock and it feels so soft in my hand."
Bill started to breathe heavily and say, "Mary, it won't be long now; I'm going to cum soon."
Suddenly, Ted and Shelly also started to breathe rapidly and Shelly screamed and moaned telling Ted to fuck her hot pussy. That's all it took to send Bill over the edge and he said, "Mary, I'm going to cum.......now!" Bill groaned and started shooting his load and it landed on Mary's titties, coating them white.
Meanwhile Ted had his hands on Shelly's hips and was actively helping Shelly slide up and down his cock filling her full of his cum while Shelly screamed and blessed Ted during her own orgasm.
When Mary slowed her pumping motions, she said to Bill, "One day I will take you up on your offer and I'll let you fill me with this wonderful cock." How about tomorrow morning you show up a little early and I'll take you up to my room if you want or we can have fun down here?"
Bill looked at Mary saying, "Are you sure you want to? I don't get too many offers because of my size; most females get scared that I might hurt them."
Bill smiled broadly saying, "I would never intentionally hurt any female. Most of all, I promise to be gentle and go slow with anyone who is willing to have me."
Mary smiled, stood up and hugged Bill and held his cock in her hand saying, "Don't worry Bill, you are among friends here and we like guys who are sensitive to females. If you are really gentle and willing to go slow, you will have more access to pussy than you've ever had before."
Bill asked Terri, "Will you get upset with me if I come early tomorrow morning and have sex with Mary?"
Terri smiled and looked between Mary and Bill before saying, "Bill, you have a lot to learn about this home. We share everything here and I do mean everything."
Bill said, "I want to use your shower before I get dressed, if that's ok."
Terri said with a giggle, "Bill, you never have to ask to use the shower here. We all love clean bodies."
Mary said, "Come on Bill, let's go use the shower and I'll wash your body while you wash mine. Like Terri said, we share everything here."
Hanna sat in her seat amazed by what she had seen and asked, "Do all of you enjoy sex with each other? Doesn't anyone get upset if someone cheats on their partner?"
Ted was the first to say, "I've known Dan and Kim Morrison for a long time and only recently I learned they were nudists and that they shared everything. However, even though I only found out about this side of their lifestyle, I know them to be the most caring and the most generous people I've ever met."
Mary said, "I second what Ted said. All of the Morrisons have shown me they love each other dearly and they are also willing to share their love unselfishly."
Bill and Mary finished their shower then came strolling back over to the table and stood talking for a few minutes before Bill finally said, "I've got to get going. I have a full day today. See you early tomorrow."
As Bill turned to go get dressed, Ted said, "You should be all set with your gate code. If your code doesn't work in the morning when you get here just push the call button and Terri will be able to open the gate from here."
Bill turned and said, "Thanks Ted, I will."
Ted looked around the table and said, "I'm going into the office for awhile and talk to the investigators and see what they've come up with. Ideally, I want all four of you to be together whenever you're outside. If someone comes to the door I would like all four of you to be in the house so you don't get separated. I don't expect anything to happen but I don't want to let our guard down. Someone knows we have Terri here and they can only guess where we've taken Hanna, so stay vigilant. I will be staying here overnight with Marion."
As Ted walked back into the house, Mary looked at Terri and Hanna asking, "What would you two like to do?"
Terri suggested, we can sit in the hot tub and relax for awhile or we can lie in the pool and stay cool. Hanna asked, "Can we get in the hot tub for a little while since the pool would still be cool from last night?"
All four girls got up and walked over to the hot tub and while Terri uncovered it, Mary and Shelly set their pistol belts and the radio down next to the wall so they could watch out over the deck for any potential problems. All four girls settled down into the warm water.
****************************
In my office, Kelly paged me on the intercom and told me there were two deliver people at her desk with deliveries for me. Beth excused herself and went to Kelly's desk and met the delivery people. She directed them to bring all the packages into her office and leave them. Beth signed their paperwork and followed them back to Kelly's desk. When the delivery persons left, Beth said to Kelly, "Mr. Morrison and I are expecting a few more deliveries between now and ten o'clock. Please have all the deliveries put in my office and you may sign for the deliveries."
Kelly replied, "Yes ma'am, I can do that."
Beth came back into my office as I was finishing the last interview and took her seat. When we ended the interview the candidate walked out. Beth told me our suits had arrived. I walked into her office and picked up my suits and a couple boxes of my underwear and took them back into my office to put everything away in my closet. Just as I was finishing, Beth brought in my shoes and placed them in my closet. Beth asked for my keys and went down to my car and brought up our travel cases and her lingerie.
When Beth returned she brought all the items into my office before she disappeared back into her office with her case and lingerie. Beth busied herself arranging everything and as the other deliveries arrived she intercepted them and put everything away.
Meanwhile, I turned on my new laptop and started familiarizing myself with the information which had been installed. I clicked on the different folders to see what was in each of them then picked up my new cell phone and called Kim. We talked only briefly before I told her I was going to call home and give my new number to Terri. Kim and I exchanged our sentiments of love for each other and hung up. I called Terri and talked to her to find out how everything was going and she told me Ted was at work but one of his guys was there installing a wireless camera disguised to look like a peephole in the door and Marion was working to add the wireless camera in the door to the recorder in the den as well as have it on the monitor in the kitchen. Terri said Marion was also installing a security lock on all the cameras so no one other than us can view them. I asked Terri to pass my number on to Mary, Shelly, Marion and Ted so I didn't have to make any other calls.
When we were ready to finish our conversation, Terri said, "You know, I love you dad and I will miss curling up next to you tonight."
I smiled to myself and said, "I love you too honey and I'll miss you as well. I want you to be safe and I'll try to call again." Terri and I said our goodbyes and I hung up my phone.
I called Beth and told her to bring her new laptop and cell phone into my office and we would review the material together. Beth and I were still working on the laptops when it came to be lunch time. I buzzed Kelly on the intercom system and asked her to come into my office. When she arrived I handed her a note with our lunch selections on it and asked Kelly to call the deli down the street, which many of us used, and asked her to have our lunch delivered.
Beth and I continued to work on our individual laptops until we were finished reviewing the information. We started talking about the candidates we interviewed for the position of secretary, as we ate our lunch. While we reviewed the list, we cut it down and finally had a list of five names left on the list. I called Kelly into my office and when she arrived I told her I wanted to re-interview a few of the candidates including her. I gave Kelly the second name on the list and said call her and have her come and sit at your desk. When she arrives I want you to call me and let me know because you are going to be the first one again.
After Kelly left my office, Brenda Summers, Tom's secretary called and informed me Mr. Banks wanted Ms. Thompson and me to be in his office at two thirty, ready to leave. I told her we would be there.
The second round of interviews went rather quickly, spending only ten minutes asking each candidate additional questions. We had all the interviews finished within an hour. I asked Beth to write down a piece of paper the names of the candidates in the order of her preference based on the information we gained during both interviews. I made the same list and when I looked at Beth's list both of us had Kelly's name at the top of each list. I called Kelly into my office and asked her some additional questions. When I finished I felt comfortable with the answers she gave me. Then I asked Beth if she had any questions for Kelly. Beth asked a few questions then looked at me and nodded.
I looked at Kelly and said, "Ms. Thompson and I feel you are qualified for the position of secretary for us. Do you want to come to work for us, Ms. Jones?"
I watched Kelly's face brighten as she realized I had just offered her a position which would pay more than her current position. Suddenly she said, "Yes Sir! I really believe I can do a professional job for both of you. Thank you so much for considering me for this position."
Looking across my desk at Kelly I said, "Ok, you are to start immediately. Therefore we will notify your immediate supervisor that you will be reporting to work here from now on. This afternoon I want you to call the number on this paper and the movers will move all your personal items to your new office. The only thing you will need to do is stop by your old office and take whatever personal items out of your desk. Do you have any questions?"
Kelly didn't have any questions so I continued by saying, "Ms. Thompson and I will be leaving the office at two thirty and will be away on a trip all day tomorrow. While we are gone I want our offices locked and no one is to enter the offices. Ms. Thompson, do you have any instructions for your secretary?"
Beth looked at Kelly before saying, "As you may know, Mr. Morrison was just promoted yesterday, so we are in the process of getting everything up and running. You are going to be part of that process; however we are still developing job descriptions. I want you to see Ms. Summers's secretary and get a copy of her job description until I get a chance to sit down with you and develop one for you. Do you have any questions for me?"
Kelly smiled and said, "I will hold down the fort while both of you are away and will attempt to gather any information I can to assist you in getting set up. Should I expect any further deliveries?"
Beth answered Kelly by saying, "No, we have all the deliveries we were expecting."
I stood up and said, "Well now that we have that settled, Beth we have a few more things to get done before we are ready to travel. Thank you Kelly and I'll let you know your new salary when we get back from our trip, if that's alright with you. I will talk to Mr. Banks and Ms. Summers during our flight. I can assure you your wage will increase because we will be expecting much more from you than your previous secretarial position required."
Kelly smiled at me as she stood up saying, "I understand everything is new and has to be set up. I have no problem waiting until you return to find out about my salary. If I was worried about my salary only, I would have asked about it during the interviews. I want to be part of this new adventure and I'm willing to help out in any way I can."
I reached across my desk and shook hands with Kelly before she turned and left my office. I looked at Beth and asked, "Will you get our travel bags packed and ready to go while I sit down and go through more of this laptop?"
At quarter after two Beth entered my office and said, "A man named Joe Bailey is in my office and said he is ready to take our bags down to the limo."
I lifted my eyebrow and looked at Beth then said, "Have him come in here and get my bags so I can introduce myself."
Beth stepped over to my door and opened it before beckoning to the man to come into my office. When he entered I walked around my desk and noticed he was dressed in a dark suit and wearing a chauffer's cap. I met him halfway across the room and extended my hand and said, "Hello, I am Dan Morrison. Are you going to be coming to get our bags every time we travel?"
He shook my hand saying, "Yes sir, my name is Joe Bailey. Since yesterday I have been reassigned to both you and Mr. Banks, as your driver. When you need to travel, call the number on this card and let me know when and where you need me and I'll be there."
I took the card and after looking at it I handed it to Beth and said, "You will need this."
Beth took the card from me and said, "Please step over here Joe and I'll show you where Mr. Morrison's bags will be each time we travel. Mr. Morrison will always have at least a travel bag and a garment bag. I will always have his bags in this location, so please take whatever you find in this area."
Once Joe left our offices Beth picked up her computer case and slung the strap over her shoulder and I picked up mine and carried it by the handles. We walked the few steps to Tom Banks office and were shown directly into Tom's office. Tom stood up and asked, "Are you two getting settled in?"
I reached out to shake Tom's hand as I said with a huge smile, "It's been interesting, but I feel we have a real good handle on everything. By the end of the week we will be up to full capacity unless you throw us a curve in the meanwhile."
Tom said, "You know, Mr. Morrison, I really wanted to tell you last Friday before you left for the weekend but the board wanted to wait until Monday, so I did. They wanted to see what you would do under pressure and they found out when you stood up and started talking. You did a fine job yesterday and you impressed a lot of people with your knowledge and ability."
Tom continued by asking, "Have you got everything you need for tomorrow?"
I looked at Tom saying, "All you've told me is we are going to meet with some board members but you haven't been very specific. I don't even know where we are going and who we are meeting, so I'm as ready as I can be."
Tom smiled at me and replied with a huge smile on his face, "Oh that must have been an oversight on my part. We are going to fly to Syracuse, New York. Reservations have been made for both of you this time, but after today Ms. Thompson will be making your reservations. Sometimes the reservations will be made at the last minute or even while you are in the air. When we arrive tonight we will be having dinner with the CEO of Hamden Manufacturing Co. So if both of you are ready, let's get going, I believe Joe will be waiting for us."
It was about a thirty minute ride to the airport. When we arrived I watched out the window as we drove up to a gate and the security briefly questioned Joe before he waved us through. Joe drove over to a hangar and I saw a few planes with our company logo on the tail. Tom saw me looking and said, "We want to be comfortable when we have to take trips and today we will be taking the Lear Challenger 600. It's one of my favorites."
When our car came to a stop, Joe got out of the driver's seat quickly and came back and opened the door for us. I noticed there were a few people around the plane and a few others came off the plane and walked over to our car and collected our bags then took them on the plane. I looked at the plane as I walked up the steps and saw the captain standing in the doorway waiting to greet us. Tom shook hands with the captain then introduced both Beth and me to Captain Bob McGrath. Then Tom told the Captain I would be doing the bulk of the traveling from now on. Captain McGrath grabbed my hand and squeezed it tightly before shaking it a few times while smiling at me saying, "Welcome aboard, Mr. Morrison. I hope you enjoy your flight."
Once inside, I looked around and was impressed with the spacious interior. The floor plan featured six very plush seats in the front of the plane, four tables with four seats at each table which rotated, giving way to a lounge area where several people could relax comfortably. Midway down the plane was a complete wet bar. The galley was in the back of the plane along with the lavatory. Two stewardesses welcomed us and asked us to take a seat in the front of the plane until we were in the air.
Tom and I carried on a conversation about business while Beth and Brenda sat behind us. Once we were in the air, Tom invited me to have a drink with him, so we walked back to the bar and sat down on one of the stools and a stewardess quickly walked behind the bar and asked us what we wanted to drink. With our drinks in hand we went and sat in the lounge area with Tom on one sofa and me on the other.
Tom and I reviewed the files on my new laptop and when I looked up I saw Brenda and Beth had their laptops open as well. I asked Tom about the pay scale for Kelly and he told me to get a copy of his secretary's pay scale and compare the employment time and abilities then I should make an offer to Ms. Jones. Tom told me if she accepts the offer then notify the finance department. I asked some other questions pertaining to how often I would be traveling and Tom said he wanted a new policy whereby we spent more face time with the companies we did business with. Tom told me I could delegate some of the trips to department managers and department heads as long as the trip coincided with that department. Tom also told me I would be given a list of the company owned planes and the smaller planes should be used by the managers and department heads. I asked Tom to explain what authority I had with my position and when he finished, even though my head was spinning, I responded with a very intelligent answer, "Ok, I can handle that."
The flight went by fast and soon the stewardess came back and asked us to fasten our seat belts. I got ready to move back to the front seat when Tom showed me there were seat belts in the sofa I was sitting on.
When we taxied to the hangar there was a limo waiting for us. We walked down the steps as a number of people scurried around carrying our bags and loading them into our limo. It was only a short drive from the airport to our hotel. When we pulled under the car port of the hotel, the bellman walked over to our limo and waited for the driver to open our door. When Tom got out he gave our company name to the bellman then he walked back to his desk pulled up our information on the computer screen. He picked up his phone and called someone then looked at us saying, "They will be here momentarily."
In less than a minute, a couple of hotel porters came out the door and after loading our luggage on a cart, one of them asked us to follow him. He took us directly to our rooms and after taking our luggage into the suite he handed us the plastic entry cards.
We were standing in the hall outside our suites when Tom turned to Beth and me saying, "You will find your suites are connected so you work together easier. We have time to freshen up then we will meet in the lobby in 30 minutes and our driver will take us to the restaurant."
****************************
Back at home it had been an interesting afternoon when Marion was working on the system and couldn't get part of it to respond. She called Ted at his office and asked his advice but Ted was tied up and couldn't talk to her very long. Ted said, "Marion, let's not mess around if you have having problems. Call Pete and Jeff and have them come out and help you. Do you have their cell numbers?"
Marion replied, "Yes, I have them in my phone and I'll call them right away."
Marion dialed Pete's number and when he picked up Marion said, "Hey Pete, this is Marion. I'm having a problem with part of the system and I called Ted but he is tied up at work so he told me to call you and Jeff. Can you come out to the Morrison's and help me?"
Pete said, "Marion, Jeff and I are right in the middle of running some wires but we can wrap up here in about an hour. Then it will take us almost a half hour to get back out there, would that be ok?"
Marion sighed and said, "Ok, I'll keep working and if I get it working before you get here, I'll call you back."
Pete responded, "Ok Marion, if I don't hear from you then we will be there in about an hour and a half."
Marion said into her phone, "Pete, there's something that you should know before you come out here today."
Pete immediately asked, "What's the problem Marion?"
Marion hesitated before she responded to Pete's question but finally she said, "Pete I want to tell you something but you cannot repeat what I say while you are on that job. Just listen to me and if you have any questions I'll answer them when you get here."
Pete asked, "What's the matter Marion is the system really screwed up?"
Marion sighed before she said, "Pete, unlike yesterday, you will have to take off all your clothes when you come out here today. The Morrisons are nudists and everyone who works here has to be nude. The only exception was yesterday when we had everyone here and we were pushing hard to get the system installed."
Pete smiled as he replied, "Ok Marion, if you want to see me naked all you have to do is ask. You don't have to make up some outlandish story. I'll see you in a little while. Good bye.
Marion heard the phone go dead and she sat worrying if Pete would freak out when he saw her naked and found out he would have to be naked as well. But right now it was important to get the whole system up and running before tonight.
Marion went to the other room and found Terri and told her that Pete and Jeff would be arriving in a little over an hour to help her. Marion told Terri, "The guys will push the button on the call box and they'll need a confidentiality statement when they arrive. I'll go to the door with you when they get here so they won't get too excited."
Terri said, "Ok, you can let them in since you will see them on the camera when they arrive and we can go to the den and print a statement out for them right now so you'll have it for them."
Marion was still working on the system when Pete and Jeff showed up at the gate. She let them through the gate and then she walked out of the den and met Terri and Shelly on their way to the door. Marion opened the door and both Pete and Jeff's mouth dropped open to see Marion standing in the doorway completely naked. Both guys hesitated to step into the house but Marion coaxed them in telling them it was ok. Immediately both guys saw Terri and Shelly standing completely naked just inside the door. Looking at the three women Pete was finally able to say, "Marion, I guess you weren't joking, everyone really is nude here."
Both guys followed Marion into the den and she successfully got both guys to sign the confidentiality statements Terri had prepared for them. However, neither Pete nor Jeff wanted to take off their clothes because they were afraid Ted would be pissed at them. Marion assured both guys Ted would be naked shortly after he arrived so they might as well take off their clothes. Pete said, "Ok, if I'm going to be naked, I need to shower because I've been working and sweating all day."
Suddenly Jeff said, "I need a shower too."
Marion said, "You can use the shower across the hall in that bathroom. There are towels in the cabinet. Pete disappeared into the bathroom and was gone about ten minutes before he came back with a towel wrapped around his waist and carrying his clothes.
Jeff excused himself and headed for the bathroom while Pete took a seat then untied the towel and let it lay on his lap without uncovering his cock. Marion smiled and said, "Ok Pete, this is what we've checked so far. Pete looked at the computer screen and checked out the programming to see if there was anything wrong. He was still going through the program when Jeff came back into the room with his towel wrapped around his waist. After running through the system, Pete suggested Jeff take a radio and go outside and check the wiring. When Jeff picked up his clothes Marion said, "Jeff, you can stay nude while you are on this estate. No one will bother you."
Reluctantly, Jeff walked out of the den with only his shoes on, to go check the wiring. While Jeff was outside working Pete took the opportunity to ask Marion about working nude and if anyone had sex because they were nude. Marion did her best to explain it to Pete. Marion was very serious when she told Pete it was ok to watch others enjoying sex but had to ask to participate. She told him the number one house rule was no one was allowed to harass or coerce anyone into having sex.
Suddenly the system sparked to life and neither Pete nor Marion had touched anything, so Pete grabbed his radio and asked Jeff what he just touched. Jeff said he was checking the wire connectors. After re-checking the wire Jeff determined the connector was faulty so he replaced it. Jeff was still outside checking the other connectors when Ted arrived. Ted stopped and talked to Jeff briefly before he walked into the house to help with the programming of the system.
Pete looked at Ted saying, "You never told me that this was a nudist place."
Ted smiled and said, "I couldn't tell you until you signed a confidentiality statement for the Morrisons. I hope you know you can't talk to any of your friends about being nude, while you're working here, either."
Pete said with a huge smile on his face, "Ted, you never told me how lovely your wife looked completely naked and what a great body she has."
Ted smiled then replied, "Wait until you see her in action, she's really hot."
Marion smiled at Ted and said, "I'll let you guys work on the system for a little while and I'll go catch up with the girls."
Marion found everyone buzzing around in the kitchen and dining room. Terri said, "Marion, dinner is almost ready and we've planned for you and Ted along with your two employees to eat dinner with us."
Terri, Hanna, Mary and Shelly, who had been working together, finished up cooking and preparing dinner. Kim, Jenna, Marion set the table while Ted was in the den with Pete and Jeff, tinkering around, checking everything and tweaking the system.
Marion walked into the den and told the guys, "Dinner is ready and on the table. Come out and eat before it cools off. You can work on this later."
The four of them walked out to the dining room and sat down to dinner. Jenna, being the bashful daughter, started the conversation off with, "Gee Ted, who are the new guys? They look delicious."
Some females around the table giggled while Pete and Jeff blushed, a little. Kim looked at Jenna saying, "Jenna, be nice to our guests, they haven't met you before, so they don't know how to take you."
Jenna smiled before saying, "Mom, looking at them, both of them look like they can take good care of us. Besides, the males are still outnumbered here."
Trying to steer the conversation to another topic Ted told Kim, "I've added rotary bases to a couple of the cameras so they will have expanded capabilities. I've added an alarm system in your bedroom so you will be alerted in case someone activates one of the cameras near the house."
Kim asked Ted general questions about the security system. Ted's explanation remained in general terms without being very specific about the total functions. He said the system, as it was right now, was the best system he had installed since he started his business.
Jenna asked Ted with a giggle in her voice, "Ted, when these two guys go home you're going to be outnumbered tonight, seven to one, do you think you can survive the night?"
Ted looked around the table at each one of the females seated and staring at him before he said, "But I'm not really outnumbered tonight because I have my secret weapon with me."
All the females except Marion and Hanna started laughing and it was Jenna who regained her voice saying, "But Ted, John Holmes died back in 1988, so as I see it, you will be outnumbered seven to one later tonight."
Kim turned to Jenna and in a surprised voice asked, "How do you know about John Holmes?"
Jenna shrugged her shoulders and with a huge grin on her face she replied, "I've always excelled in all my studies and sometimes small facts jump out in front of you and ...... well, a mind is a terrible thing to waste."
The older people sitting around the table broke out laughing leaving Terri and Hanna sitting there looking at everyone. Finally Terri asked, "Who is John Holmes?"
Kim stopped laughing and looked at Terri and replied, "John Holmes was a porn star in the 1970s into the 80s and it was said he had a very huge cock, rumored to be the longest and thickest cock in history. He performed in a couple of thousand movies until he contracted AIDS and died from complications due to AIDS."
Terri asked, "What good is a cock that big if a girl can't fit it into her pussy or her mouth?"
Mary was fast to say, "Absolutely nothing. Terri, I'll give you an example you can relate to. This morning we all went out on the deck to watch Bill clean the pool and hot tub and when Bill had a hard on, all of us saw how big he was. Well, John Holmes would have made Bill look like he had only a tiny cock."
Terri and Hanna both gasped when they heard Mary's statement.
Jenna broke into giggles before she started saying, "A girl looking at John Holmes' cock size would be saying ...... I think I can ...... I think I can ..... choo ..... choo..... just like the little engine that could."
Everyone around the table broke out in hysterical laughter and almost all the faces had tears flowing down their cheeks, from laughing so hard. As everyone started to calm down, Kim said, "Jenna, I knew I would regret not allowing you to continue school past Kindergarten." Immediately everyone around the table roared in laughter again.
Finally things started to calm down then Pete said, "I've never been to a dinner quite like this one. I've been laughing so hard my sides hurt."
Kim smiled at Pete saying, "Pete, we never know what's going to happen in this house. But one thing you can count on is Jenna will most likely to say anything, at any time."
When dinner and desert was finished all the females pitched in and cleaned off the table then came back and sat down. A general conversation erupted which lasted about an hour. During that time everyone around the table said something. A few jokes were told and some complained their sides hurt from laughing. Jenna finally suggested everyone take a swim in the pool. She got up and walked over to Pete and Jeff urging them to walk out to the pool with her. Once they stood up Jenna took their hands and headed for the sliding glass doors leading out on the deck. One by one everyone stood up and followed Jenna. Holding Pete and Jeff's hands she pulled them towards the pool, then past the edge, into the water. The three of them came up laughing and soon they were joined by all the others. Everyone relaxed and enjoyed floating and soaking in the cool water.
Kim and Terri moved over next to Jenna and once all three of them were near each other Kim moved into the middle between her two girls. Jenna turned her head and kissed her mom then Kim turned her head and kissed Terri. The three of them started to laugh and Jenna said, "Mom, would you help your baby girl?"
Kim looked at Jenna asking, "What's the matter dear? What do you need help with?"
A sly smile came across Jenna's face when she said, "I'm so fucking horny tonight, would you take care of me? Oh ...... and ...... mom, I'll take care of you too."
Jenna pulled Kim towards the shallow end of the pool then got out and went to the towel cabinet and pulled out a large towel and laid it down on the deck. Jenna lay down with her legs towards the pool, she reached up with her hands brushed off her mouth and said, "Look mom, I'm dusting off a place for you to sit."
There was some laughter coming from the pool as Kim moved into position and squatted down over Jenna's face. Jenna said, "Oh mom, your pussy is so beautiful."
Kim looked around at the people in the pool and asked no one in particular, "My daughter has a beautiful pussy too, doesn't she?"
Almost everyone had moved to the shallow end of the pool so they could watch Jenna and Kim make love to each other on the deck. Pete and Jeff hung back because they weren't used to seeing people making love to each other so openly. Each of them was sporting a major hard on watching two women move into the sixty-nine position.
Ted spoke up saying, "Kim, she has a lovely pussy just like yours. Actually, I believe all of you females have lovely looking pussies."
Marion poked Ted in the ribs saying, "That's a great answer. Answers like that will get you laid more often."
Mary spoke up saying, "I've even learned to like pussy a lot more than I did before I came here."
Shelly said, "Me too. I've learned to love the taste of a pussy as much as I love sucking a cock. And I've learned to love the soft touch of another woman which was strange at first."
Pete said, "WOW, this is something else. This is every man's fantasy, come true."
Jeff said, "Shut up Pete and just watch."
Hanna and Terri were standing together hugging each other with Ted and Marion right behind them with their arms wrapped around each other. Up on the deck, it didn't take long for both mother and daughter to start moaning softly as they gave and received pleasure to and from each other. Each of them started grinding their hips towards the waiting mouth of the other. Soon there were mumbled sounds growing louder as each tried to maintain contact with the clit presented to them. Suddenly, both females became a mass of quivering flesh as each of them experienced simultaneous orgasms. Kim rested a minute or so before she rolled off Jenna then she lay on the deck trying to catch her breath.
Jenna sat up and said, "Oh mom, thank you so much for taking the edge off."
Kim smiled at her daughter saying, "Oh baby, I should be the one thanking you for being such a wonderful daughter and taking care of your mother."
Both of them got up and started to walk down the steps into the pool and everyone in the pool started clapping their hands. Jenna paused to take a bow then turned, hugged Kim as she passionately kissed her. When they finished kissing both of them walked the rest of the way into the pool and dunked themselves up to their necks.
Terri and Hanna moved over to Kim and Jenna and each one embraced each other in a hug. Terri said, "That was so beautiful. I love both of you."
Another conversation started and lasted for about another half hour or so before Pete said, "It's getting late and I have to get going. I've had a lot of fun this evening but all good things have to come to an end."
Jeff added, "I rode with Pete so I also want to thank all of you for a wonderful evening and thank you for the delicious dinner, it was great."
Ted walked up the steps and out of the pool with Pete and Jeff and handed each of them a towel. When they were dried off, Ted walked into the house with them and waited until both were dressed. While they were dressing Ted reminded both guys not to speak about being nude while they were working on the estate. He told them to enjoy the memories and some day they may get the chance to come back and work again. When they were dressed, Ted walked them to the door and shook hands with them and they left. Ted closed and locked the door then walked into the den and watched as they went to their truck and drove down the driveway. Ted smiled when they passed the sensor and the gate automatically opened for them to leave the estate. Then he turned his attention to the cameras that covered the deck and noticed everyone was out of the pool and drying off.
Ted strolled back out on the deck and watched all the naked ladies finish drying themselves. As they started walking towards him, he looked at each of their naked bodies and thought how lucky he was to be here and being the only male. His cock started to rise and when they walked into the house together, his cock was a full blown hard on. He turned to lock the sliding glass doors and when he turned back around Jenna spied his hard cock and said, "Gee Ted, is Mr. Happy ready to take care of some hot pussy?"
Ted laughed for a few seconds before he looked at Jenna saying, "If there are any females here who want to take a ride, I'm sure we can fit you into my schedule."
Mary piped up saying, "Listen Mr. Ego, that's an energetic offer and no offense, but I have a feeling the schedule will be a lot longer than the offer can last."
Everyone laughed, except Ted. Finally, Ted held up his hand and everyone quieted down so they could hear Ted's response, when he said, "Well here's an idea for you, I'll go up and lay down on a bed and all of you who want to take a ride, form a circle and each one of you gets two or three minutes each time and we continue like that and see how many of you can cum before I cum?"
Marion questioned, "So stud, do you think you are good enough where you can make us cum in two minutes and you can last through several rounds?"
"I didn't say each of you would cum in two or three minutes, I only suggested over a period of time, each of you might experience an orgasm while you were riding the stallion." Ted replied with a huge smile.
Jenna grinned and said, "Well, even if I have to play with myself later, I'm interested in trying to see how long the stud can last."
Mary said, "Although this seems like a typical male fantasy, I'm up for the action."
Shelly, Marion and Kim agreed it would be fun to see how long Ted could last, so everyone agreed to go up to the room Ted and Marion was going to use for the night then decide who was going first, second, third, fourth and fifth. Everyone scurried through the house and up the stairs with Jenna leading the way and Ted bringing up the rear. When they got to the room, Mary said, "Since we are going to participate in Ted's male fantasy, I think we should put him to work. I suggest Ted has to lick the pussy of the female who finishes riding his cock for the same amount of time. If we decide on three minutes each then we get to ride for three minutes and get licked for three minutes."
Marion spoke up saying, "That's an excellent idea. There is no reason Ted can't multitask and make us a little happier by licking our clit after filling our pussy."
Ted crawled up on the bed and lay on his back with his cock standing straight up. The five women who were going to ride his cock formed a huddle at the side the bed and whispered between themselves as they decided which order each one was going to ride. They also decided that Ted needed to start right off licking a pussy so they decided who was going to be first to ride his tongue as well as his cock.
Terri and Hanna were holding hands and sitting in the love seat on the opposite side of the bed from the other women watching what they were doing. Hanna leaned over and whispered to Terri, "It's hard to believe all of them are going to allow Ted to fuck their pussy. But at least it's the females who are instigating the action instead of a bunch of horny old men."
Terri smiled and whispered back saying, "Even if there were a bunch of horny old men standing here, they wouldn't be allowed to instigate anything unless the female wanted them to. The Morrisons are very strict about that and won't allow anyone to take advantage of any female, no matter who she is."
Meanwhile, Jenna and Marion crawled up on the bed and Marion straddled Ted's head and Jenna straddled Ted's hips. When they were in place Kim looked at the clock on the nightstand and said, "Ok, Go! You've got three minutes and then Jenna you move up and sit on Ted's face and Mary will sit on his cock for three minutes."
The second Jenna slid down Ted's cock she started to implement the girl's plan by squeezing Ted's cock with her pussy muscles to make him cum quickly. Jenna slowly moved up and down and flexed her pussy muscles tightly on each up-stroke. At the end of her three minutes Ted was breathing heavily into Marion's pussy. Jenna moved up to ride Ted's tongue and Mary moved quickly and trapped Ted's cock inside her tight pussy. Mary did the same thing as Jenna and soon Ted was moaning into Jenna's pussy.
When the next three minutes were up, Mary moved up to ride Ted's tongue and Shelly inserted Ted's cock into her hot and wet pussy and started bouncing up and down causing Ted to lick Mary's pussy intermittently because he was gasping for breath and moaning in pleasure while he pumped his hips up and down.
Kim was the next to climb across Ted's hips and aim his cock towards her waiting wet pussy. Like Jenna, she used her pussy muscles to squeeze Ted's cock driving him further towards orgasmic heaven. However, Ted held out only because the clock ticked by the three minute mark and he received momentary relief while Marion positioned herself and pulled his cock to line it up with her very hot and wet pussy. Suddenly, Ted groaned and started bucking his hips as he lost control and blew his load into Marion's waiting pussy.
Marion relaxed with Ted's cock still buried inside her hot pussy and Kim moved off to the side and lay on the bed with her legs open and she was rubbing her clit while everyone watched. As she lay there, Kim said, "Ted, I want you to lick my clitty until I have an orgasm."
Marion moved off Ted and lay down on the bed and started rubbing her clit while Ted moved between Kim's spread legs and started working on her pussy. Within seconds Kim was squirming on the bed and bucking her hips while moaning louder and louder as the seconds ticked away. The cheering section started to chant, "Make her cum..... make her cum!"
Suddenly Kim gasped for breath as she grabbed a hand full of Ted's hair and pulled his face into her pussy and exclaimed, "OH FUCK, don't stop licking me, TED! GOD, that's feels soooooo good!"
As Ted raised his face from Kim's pussy Marion said, "Get over here Ted, you're going to lick your cum out of my pussy and make me cum too!"
Jenna said, "Way to go Marion! Terri and I sat on dad's face the other night after he shot his load in each of us and we made him drink his cum out of our pussy. Only a special man is willing to drink his own cum."
Mary said, "I've got to see this! Sit on his face Marion so we can watch him drink his cum out of your pussy."
Marion said, "Lay down honey the girls want to watch you suck your cum out of my pussy."
Slowly and hesitantly Ted turned over and lay down on the bed and there was a sudden rush of bodies as all the girls moved to the end of the bed so they could watch Marion squat over Ted's face. Ted looked up at everyone saying, "Please don't tell anyone outside of this house that I'm doing this."
Mary said, "Boss, if you do a good job and clean Marion's pussy completely, I not only promise I won't say anything, but I'll suck your cock anytime you want me to."
Shelly spoke up quickly, saying, "I'll match what Mary said."
Hanna said, "I've never seen a man drink his own cum, so I want to see this."
The girls standing at the end of the bed parted and moved Hanna right up to the end of the bed so she had an unobstructed view as Marion squatted over Ted's face. Ted started licking Marion's pussy and suddenly a white glob of semen dripped out of her pussy into Ted's mouth. Ted swallowed, then opened his mouth and began to suck and tongue fuck Marion causing the cum he deposited into her pussy to run down into his mouth. All the girls standing at the end of the bed were clapping and making complimentary comments about Ted's willingness to suck his own cum out of his wife's pussy. Marion started to squirm on Ted's face and breathe rapidly until she cried out with joy as her orgasm gripped her body.
When Marion and Ted finished they got off the bed and immediately Mary and Shelly walked over and pasted their bodies against Ted, Mary said, "Ted, you are the best!"
Ted said, "I need to get a shower before I settle down for the night." Then Ted and Marion headed into the bathroom.
Mary and Shelly went to their room to take a shower while Kim, Terri, Jenna and Hanna went into Kim's bathroom to shower. Terri adjusted the water while Kim and Jenna used the bidet. When they were done, all four girls stepped into the shower taking turns getting wet. As they were showering, Jenna asked, "Mom, if Hanna wants to, may all four of us sleep in your big bed tonight since dad won't be here to keep you company?"
Kim smiled and said, "Of course you may sleep in my bed with me. I would love nothing more than to have the three of you near me. Hanna, what do you think?"
Hanna smiled and said, "WOW, I'm not sure how to handle all this love. Ya'll seem to make it so easy, yet I've never experienced it, in all my life. I want to learn to share like all of you do, so yes, I'd love to spend the night with the three of you."
After their shower, everyone dried off and they took turns using the blow dryer. When Kim was finished she said, "Girls, go ahead and jump into bed I want to check the house before I lay down."
Kim walked out of her bedroom and down stairs where she found Ted and Marion. Ted said, "I'm just checking the house before I go to bed."
Kim smiled and said, "Since Dan isn't here I was going to do his normal job and check to make sure everything was locked and the lights turned off."
Ted and Marion smiled at Kim and Ted said, "Everything is locked and off up to here. I want to go take a look at the monitors and see how everything is performing. Do you want to come in and watch for a few minutes with us, Kim?"
Kim said, "I'd love to see what's going on outside."
The three of them walked into the den and the monitors were working fine and the one which had the split screens showed the different views. After watching all of them switch, Ted remarked, "Kim, this is the most sophisticated system we've ever installed. Would you mind if I took some pictures of the various monitors, cameras, gate and call box so I can use them for demo pictures in my book? I promise not to reveal where this system is installed."
Kim looked at Ted saying, "Sure Ted, I don't see anything wrong with you using this as a demo of your fine work and I'm sure Dan won't mind either. Between you and Marion, I think Dan is planning on doing something with the bordering property. He mentioned he wants to buy it and possibly put up another house on it, so you might get some more work installing a system in that house, if we build one."
Ted said, "Kim you aren't spilling the beans so to speak because Dan already told me he wanted to buy the property and asked me if I would like to live out in the country if he put up another house over there. He asked me to keep it only between me and Marion."
Kim's eyes lighted up exclaimed, "OH GOD, TED, I hope you told him yes!"
Ted smiled and said, "Of course I did, Kim. I love this place and I love your family. I told Dan, since we came out here the first time and both of us were nude, our love life has improved drastically. I used to be very jealous of any man who looked at Marion, but after being here, all of you have taught me a lot and now we've learned to share our love. Kim, Marion and I owe you and Dan so much for our life changing experiences."
Kim hugged Ted and Marion before replying, "Both of you should know that our lifestyle only works if you love each other above all else. Next, the most important part is that there is no jealousy on either side."
Marion spoke up saying, "We understand that now that we've seen it in action. Your family sets an excellent example of love and sharing."
Ted said, "Kim, if you or your family ever needs anything that I can assist with, I want you to ask me. I owe all of you a debt of gratitude."
All three of them hugged again before Ted said, "Let's go to bed, I have a lovely wife to take care of."
On the way out of the door Ted clicked off the light and the three of them walked up the stairs together. They heard some moaning and when they got to Mary and Shelly's room they saw both of them were busy licking each other. Mary was being her usual self and making plenty of noise. Kim turned to Ted and Marion saying, "I hope you two can drown out Mary, she gets rather vocally appreciative when she has an orgasm."
Marion laughed and said, "I'll make a note of that and try to match her."
They walked down to Kim's room and Ted said he wanted to check the monitor in her room and make sure the alarm box was working. As they stepped in the bedroom door all three came to a halt while they watched Jenna, Terri and Hanna all locked in a three way kiss while kneeling in the center of the bed. Kim walked over and picked up the remote from Dan's nightstand and handed it to Ted. Ted clicked a couple of buttons and the monitor came to life. The girls stopped what they were doing to watch the monitor as Ted switched between the cameras and when everything worked well, he clicked the monitor off and handed the remote back to Kim.
Ted and Marion said good night to the girls, then Marion hugged Kim and said, "Thank you so much, for everything."
Kim replied, "I need to be the one thanking you and Ted for staying here tonight and making sure we stay safe while Dan is traveling. I love both of you."
Marion said, "We love you too Kim! and all of those wonderful girls over there on the bed."
Ted added, "We don't want anything to happen to anyone here and will do our best to make sure nothing does. Come on Marion; let's go to bed so the girls can get back to what they were doing."
After Ted and Marion walked out of the bedroom, Jenna asked the other girls, "Now where were we?"
Terri giggled and said, "Jenna, you had your tongue in Hanna's mouth and you had your hand on my pussy."
Kim smiled and said, "Don't let me interrupt anything. And if someone wants to go one on one with me, I'll be very glad to help."
Bashfully, Hanna said, "This is the first time I've explored kissing a girl, so I don't know what I'm doing. Terri and Jenna were showing me, so if you don't mind a very inexperienced girl, I will try and kiss you."
Kim moved quickly to her side of the bed and sat down and said to Hanna, "Honey, come over here and I will be happy to go slow with you and show you how tender a girl's love is."
Hanna moved into Kim's arms and at first they just looked into each other's eyes until Kim moved forward and kissed Hanna lightly on her lips. Off to their side Jenna and Terri were embracing each other and kissing passionately. Kim said, "Let's lay on our sides and we can kiss and be comfortable."
Kim gently pulled Hanna in to a hug, once they were lying on the bed, so their naked bodies were pressed closely together. Kim placed Hanna's hand on her tit as they continued to kiss and Kim's hands wandered down and cupped Hanna's ass cheeks and pulled her tighter against her. Kim whispered to Hanna, "Tell me if you get uncomfortable with anything I'm doing and I'll stop. Ok?"
Hanna looked into Kim's eyes and asked, "Would you help me have an orgasm?"
Kim smiled and said, "Absolutely! Do you want me to use my finger or my tongue?"
Hanna quietly asked, "Would you use your tongue? I'd like to feel what's it's like to have a female lick me."
Kim kissed Hanna one more time then moved down the bed. Hanna spread her legs giving Kim a view of her beautiful bald flower which opened when she spread her legs. Kim smiled at Hanna as she bent forward and attentively licked the tender inner folds of Hanna's pussy. Kim looked up and saw Hanna's small clit peek out from under its hood so she moved up and licked it. Hanna shivered at the contact and then moaned softly as Kim continued her attack on the exposed clit. It didn't take long for Hanna to experience her first orgasm and just when she was coming down from the first one a second more powerful orgasm gripped her body and Hanna screamed as shock, after, shock raced through her body. Kim looked up at Hanna and saw her body was covered with a fine sheen of sweat. Hanna saw Kim looking at her and she smiled down at her saying, "Oh God, Kim, thank you so much; that was out of this world."
Kim and Hanna laid side by side and watched Jenna and Terri sixty nine each other until both of them had an orgasm. Hanna said, "Kim, I'd like to try that soon. I want to pleasure you as you pleasure me."
Kim smiled at Hanna and said, "Honey, it's late so we will do that tomorrow night if you are still willing."
Hanna looked lovingly at Kim saying, "I really want to try but I want to limit who I do something with, at least for now. I want to only be with people who understand what I've been through and will allow me to take small steps."
Kim hugged Hanna to her body like a mother would and said, "Hanna honey, as long as you are here no one will abuse you and I never want you to feel pressured into doing anything with anyone, including me. I want you to set the pace of what you want to do or not do. Do you understand what I'm saying?"
Hanna said, "Yes Kim, I do. Terri has explained it to me and I feel really comfortable among all of you."
Jenna said, "While you are here, we watch out for each other as well as love each other in special ways."
Kim said, "Let's turn off the lights. I feel like cuddling tonight."
Hanna said, "Good night Kim, Jenna and Terri."
In turn each other said good night to the others and then it was quiet in the room.
****************************
All I can say is dinner was very interesting with a lot of business discussed and a few deals made. I was used to doing business in the office but this was a first for me to be making deals in a Delmonico's Italian Steakhouse. We made arrangements to meet in their office at ten o'clock the next morning. By the time we got back to our hotel it was after eleven o'clock, which wasn't that late, but late enough.
In the elevator, on the way up to our rooms, I looked at Tom and said, "Tom, I'm all for formality in front of others but I'd really appreciate a little less formal atmosphere when it's just the four of us or with select others. Please, call me Dan and my secretary, Beth."
By the look on Tom's face it was obvious he was mulling over my proposal then he smiled and said, "I like you Dan, you bring a breath of fresh air to our company. You certainly have a way of saying what's on your mind and I've always loved the straight forward approach instead of beating around the bush. So I guess it won't be too hard to get used to doing something different; right, Brenda and Beth?"
Both secretaries smiled and Brenda was the first to say, "Tom, in all the years I've worked for you, I've never seen you change your mind so rapidly. But I'm not complaining, mind you."
Smiling pleasantly, Beth said, "Thank you Tom, I've always been taught to respect authority and as Dan said, we will use the formal names in the presence of others outside our circle."
Tom returned everyone's smile when he said, "Let's meet in the lobby at eight thirty so we can have something to eat before we have to meet the board. Since this is your first trip, I will have the driver sent to your rooms at eight fifteen, to pick up your bags. Beth, you will have the names of the people we use in various places where you will be traveling so you can make the arrangements for your baggage after this."
Beth smiled at Tom, saying, "Thank you, Tom."
We stepped off the elevator when we reached our floor and walked down the hallway to our suite. Beth's room was first and all of us paused to say good night to Beth before she disappeared into her suite. My suite was next to Beth's, so Tom and Brenda paused to say good night to me as I opened the door to my suite.
I walked into my suite which was actually a one bedroom suite and I slipped off my jacket while walking over to the closet. I undressed and hung up my suit up leaving me standing in only my boxers when I heard a soft knock on the door that joined Beth's and my room. I walked over and unlocked the door and opened it and Beth was standing in the doorway dressed in only the top of her baby doll lingerie we'd bought her. I looked down at Beth's lovely pussy peeking out from below the tightly trimmed landing strip and licked my lips. Beth saw me and smiled. I paused and looked her up and down before saying, "I was just going to take a quick shower, would you like to join me?"
Beth was all smiles when she responded, "Dan, I've been waiting all night to get down to this part of the evening. I'd love to join you!"
I reached out my hand to Beth and when she took my hand I pulled her gently into my arms and kissed her forehead saying, "If you want to stay with me, you may do that as well."
Beth smiled saying, "My only regret to this whole situation is that I didn't know I had such a cool boss over the past six years. I have been starving to find others who were nudists and all the time I was working for one."
We walked into my bathroom and while I was adjusting the water in a rather huge shower Beth said, "I'll be right back, I have to go get my toiletries."
When Beth returned she was naked and stepped into the shower with me. While we were washing each other's body Beth looked at me and asked, "Dan, I've noticed that all the females at home are completely bald, do you like bald pussy best?"
I smiled at Beth saying, "The short answer to your question is yes, I love women without any pubic hair. The longer answer is, I really enjoy going down on a woman and devouring her pussy as long as I don't have to find a pathway through the forest to get to her clit. I have always been an oral guy and Kim tells me that's part of what makes me special."
Beth paused in washing my body and picked up her razor. While holding her razor in my direction she asked, "Dan, will you shave off my landing strip and do a touch up on the rest of my pussy to make sure I am completely smooth for you, I want to be as bald as the other females in your home?"
I reached out and re-directed the shower spray, then I took the razor from Beth's hand and while I was kneeling in front of Beth, I said, "I'd consider it a privilege to shave your beautiful lil pussy bald."
From my kneeling position I was looking straight ahead at Beth's pussy while she lathered her it with sensitive skin shaving cream. I looked up at her to make sure she hadn't changed her mind but she didn't say anything and she looked down at me with a huge smile on her face. So I reached out with the razor in hand and confidently started shaving Beth's pussy like I had done to Kim and Jenna's pussy so many times before. Beth spread her legs and bent her knees giving me full access to her pussy and the crease of her legs next to her pussy. Within a few minutes I completed my task and reached out my hand to feel and make sure there wasn't any missed stubble. Satisfied that I had made Beth's pussy as smooth as I could have, I leaned in and kissed her freshly shaved pussy. When I stood up Beth was blushing when she said, "That's the first time I've ever had a man shave me and I could get used to that."
I took Beth into my arms and hugged her close to me with my hard cock trapped between us, saying, "Beth, I have always liked you as my secretary, but now with our new relationship I want you to know that if you ever need anything, I want you to come to me. Over the years you have proven yourself to be loyal and I won't forget it. And I want you to know, I'm not just saying this so I can get into that lovely pussy of yours."
Beth blushed a deeper red before saying, "Dan, I know you're sincere because I watched you around the people closest to you and I saw how you treated everyone. I'll remember what you told me."
As we were finishing up our shower and drying off, Beth looked at me saying, "Dan, you said I can ask you anything so does that include something very personal?"
I looked at Beth and replied, "I told you, you can ask me anything but be discreet about what you ask in front of others. When it is just the two of us or even with my family members, you can say or ask anything."
Beth looked into my eyes and said, "I've had fantasies just like everyone else has fantasies. However, being a single woman I wouldn't dare attempt to do some of them. Since you now know that I am a nudist, I am wondering if you would allow me and help me fulfill some of my fantasies."
I looked at Beth saying, "As long as your fantasies won't get either of us arrested, I will help you do just about anything."
Beth reached up and put her arms around my neck and she hugged me tightly saying, "Thank you, Dan. I promise to let you control the situation any time we attempt to make one of my fantasies come true."
"Dan, one fantasy that makes me so wet and I've played over and over in my head is; I would love to be exposed to someone who isn't a nudist. I mean I would love to let a guy see all of me, like with my legs spread so my pussy is spread open and he would be able to see my pussy spread open. I know I'm rambling, but now that you said you would help me, I am so nervous and excited that I might have my fantasies come true." Beth said in an excited and quiet voice.
I looked at Beth and saw how she trembled with excitement as she spoke before I said, "I am going to order a bottle of champagne and have it delivered to my room. There is a sofa in the other room so anyone entering my room would have a perfect view of that sofa."
I turned and walked out of the bathroom with Beth following close behind me. I picked up my phone and ordered my champagne in a bucket of ice. Before I hung up the phone I asked how long before I could expect it to be delivered. With a gigantic smile on my face I repeated what I heard in my ear, while looking at Beth. I saw Beth blush before she rushed into the bathroom and started to blow dry her hair. I put on the long white bathrobe which the hotel had in my suite. A few minutes later Beth emerged from the bathroom with a nervous smile on her face. She rushed to me and said, "Dan, now that the moment of truth is here, I am nervous as hell. What should I do?"
I looked at Beth and simply said, "This is your fantasy, you can do anything you want and I will be here to protect you. Remember this is our room in a five star luxury hotel and we're not some Motel 6. The staff here will respect our privacy and keep anything they see or do, confidential."
"Oh my God, Dan, I've been a nudist all my life and many people have seen me naked but I am so jittery at the prospect that someone I don't know is going to see me nude. Can you help me so I'm exposed the way I described?"
"Go sit down and lay back on the sofa and strike the pose you fantasized about and I will give you my honest opinion if I can see what you want to be showing." I told Beth as I walked towards the sofa.
Beth sat down on the sofa and leaned back against the arm and spread her legs. Then looked at me saying, "I don't want to look slutty but I want whoever comes to the room to be able to view my pussy. Do you know what I mean, Dan?"
I smiled before I replied, "Beth, if you really want the person to see your pussy, I will help you, but you must trust me and follow my lead. You can be assured that I will never let anyone hurt you, ever. Do you trust me?"
Beth opened her mouth to reply when there was a knock on the door. Her eyes opened wide and her lip quivered and I saw her hands begin to slightly shake before she said, "I trust you, Dan."
I walked down the short entryway to the door and cracked it open to see who was there. When I saw the young man with a cart and my champagne in a bucket I opened the door and motioned for him to enter. He pushed the cart past me and waited for me. I closed the door and said, "Please put the champagne by the sofa."
I motioned for him to lead the way and when we entered the room from the entryway he stopped and looked at Beth. I stepped past him and said, "I hope you don't mind but we are nudists and I only put my robe on to be discreet when I answered the door."
The young man's eyes were still on Beth's naked body as I untied the belt on my robe and slipped it off my shoulders. Beth's eyes widened when she saw I had taken off my robe then a smile broke out on her face as she saw my hard cock pointing towards the ceiling. I walked to the unoccupied end of the sofa and picked up Beth's feet before I sat down and placed them across my lap. As the young man watched, I opened Beth's legs then reached up the inside of her thigh and began to slowly move my fingers towards Beth's bald pussy. I looked up at the young man who was standing spellbound watching every move I made and asked, "She is very beautiful, isn't she?"
The young man looked at me for the first time and saw that I was naked then he nervously said, "HOT DAMN, both of you look so hot sitting here naked. Yes, she is very beautiful and her bald pussy is so enticing."
I smiled at him saying, "You can take your time pouring our champagne and look at her body all you want to. Since you said she has a lovely pussy, would you like to see it up close?"
The young man looked at me not believing what he heard me say, so he asked, "What do you mean?"
I looked at him and said, "Pour our champagne first and then I will tell you."
The young man never took his eyes off Beth as she nervously looked at me then at the young man. I licked my index finger then reached up and rubbed Beth's clit. Within seconds she started moaning softly and her eye lids closed part way making her look so sensually sexy.
The young man popped the cork on our champagne and carefully poured two glasses of champagne. As he was handing Beth and me our drink, Beth saw the lump in his pants and said, "Oh my, is that because of me?"
The young man blushed and with a shaky voice he began saying, "Oh yeah, you are so beautiful. I've been flashed by females before but this is the first time I've ever had an opportunity like this. I want to thank you for laying there and allowing me to see you in all your naked glory."
I interrupted and said, "I asked you before if you would like to see her beautiful pussy up close, so now if you want to take me up on that, come over here and get down on your knees."
Beth looked at me and I winked at her to let her know everything is ok as we watched the young man get down on his knees next to Beth. Smiling I said, "Beth, turn around and put one leg on each of the young man's shoulders so he can view that beautiful pussy of yours."
Beth stared at me momentarily before she pulled her legs up and spun around until she was facing the young man, then extended her legs out until each leg rested on his shoulders. He looked up at Beth, then at me, before looking back at Beth's pussy and licking his lips. Beth and I clinked our glasses together and took a sip of our champagne before I said to the young man, "If you want to get a better view of her delicious pussy, it's ok to pick up her legs and spread them wide so her delicate flower opens for your viewing pleasure."
The young man's head jerked around as he looked at me. I calmly sat and sipped my champagne and nodded my head letting him know I meant what I said. I watched as he slowly lifted Beth's legs off his shoulders and started to lift and separate them. Beth's eyes were wide as she watched the young man's face move closer and closer to her open pussy. I was looking at Beth's pussy and I noticed her clit pop out from under its hood and glistened as it stood prominently. The young man stared at the sight before his eyes and started babbling, "Thank you..... oh my goodness..... your pussy is so beautiful..... wow, I can't believe I'm actually doing this.... I don't even know your name and I'm so close to your most private area. May I kiss your gorgeous bald pussy?"
Beth suddenly looked at me and I looked at Beth and with my eyes I sent her the message it was up to her. Beth looked at the young man between her legs and said, "This is the first time I've ever let a stranger see me like this and it excites me. Yes, you may kiss me if that's what you would like to do."
Without any further hesitation the young man leaned forward and kissed Beth's clit and then licked it before sitting back and once again staring at Beth's glistening pussy. Beth finally said, "If you put my legs down now, I will do something else for the first time. Dan would you please get me a hand full of tissues?"
I stood up and walked to the dresser where the box of tissues was located and when I got back to the sofa Beth had the young man standing in front of her and she was undoing his belt. I looked up at the young man and he looked happily nervous. Beth pulled down his boxers and his cock popped out and stood straight up. Beth wrapped her hand around his cock and slowly started to stroke it. Within seconds the young man was moaning and breathing heavily. I handed Beth some tissues as she continued to stroke his cock. About two minutes later he yelled, "Oh here it comes!"
Beth took the tissues from me and held them near the end of the young man's cock and continued to stroke his cock as he shot loads of cum into the tissues. When he was finished Beth took some more tissues and cleaned up the end of his cock while he tried to catch his breath. As he pulled up his boxers and pants he kept muttering "Thank you, thank you so much."
Beth got off the sofa and hugged the young man and walked him to the door. When she returned I was still sitting on the sofa with my champagne. Beth collapsed next to me and suddenly started giggling uncontrollably. I watched her for a few seconds before I asked, "Did I go too far allowing the young man to kiss your pussy?"
Beth rolled up against my side saying, "Oh God no Dan. I am so sexually excited at this moment I'm not sure which emotion I like best. I am nervous as hell because I allowed a stranger to kiss and lick my pussy yet I can feel my juices flowing from being sexually stimulated. You won't think any less of me because I allowed this to happen will you, Dan?"
I pulled Beth close to me and hugged her saying, "We all have fantasies and it's not up to someone else to judge what is or isn't an appropriate fantasy. No Beth, I will not think any less of you and actually I'll applaud you for having the courage to explore your fantasy."
Beth jumped on me hugging my neck and kissing my cheek saying, "Why can't I find a young version of you. I can't believe that I've met a guy who has all the habits and characteristics of my dream guy only to find out he's married with a great family. Thank you so much for being you and for helping me."
I took Beth in my arms and kissed her passionately while my hands explored her naked body. When we came up for air, I said, "Let's not waste our champagne, let me pour us another drink and we can make a toast to completing one of your fantasies."
When we finished our bottle of champagne, Beth and I were both sexually charged so I picked her up and carried her to my bed where I laid her down and moved her legs apart as I crawled up the bed between them. When my face was even with her pussy, I leaned down and extended my tongue to touch her clit. When I licked it the first time, Beth jumped. I slipped my tongue into her tight, wet pussy and tongue fucked her before I licked up her slit to her clit. I moved my tongue around the base of her clit before I sucked her clit into my mouth, causing Beth to gasp loudly before she started to moan just as loud. I inserted my finger into Beth's wet pussy and crooked my finger upward and found that little spot and when I started rubbing it with my finger Beth went wild and started bouncing her hips and moaning very loudly. Beth experienced three orgasms back to back before she begged me to stop. I looked up at Beth who was still quivering from her last orgasm, and smiled knowing that if I did nothing more for her, she was totally satisfied.
Finally Beth started to come down from orgasmic high and looked down her body at me saying, "Come up here, Dan, I want to taste my own pussy on your lips and I want your cock inside me."
I was smiling broadly as I slowly moved up Beth's body and never losing eye contact with her. When my face was over hers, I leaned down slowly and only at the last second I closed my eyes and began to passionately kiss her. Our tongues intertwined and jockeyed for position with no one winning the tongue battle, which is the way it should be. Finally, Beth reached down between our bodies and slipped her small hand around my cock and pulled me forwards towards her open pussy. I felt the head of my cock rub against her juices and I slowly pushed forward until the head of my cock was firmly buried inside Beth. The heat from her pussy felt like it was cooking my cock head, but I knew it wasn't so I continued to push forward. The expression never changed on Beth's face until I was fully buried inside her wonderfully wet pussy. I made my cock twitch once I was all the way inside Beth and she moaned loudly. We began to kiss again at the same time I started to pump into her juicy pussy. We did the missionary position for a few minutes before Beth asked me if she could get on top so she could feel all of me inside her. I smiled and reached down and encircled my arms around her, then rolled to the side bringing her along with me with Beth ending up on top. Once on top, Beth sat up and braced her hands on my chest and ground her pussy against my pubic area forcing all of my cock deep inside her. She smiled down at me, saying, "Dan, your tongue felt great, but your cock feels much, much better filling my pussy. Thank you for being the person you are."
Beth smiled down at me then suddenly increased her tempo and began bouncing on my cock. Her pussy was so tight it squeezed that sensitive area at the base of my cock head causing me to moan in response. Several minutes passed and Beth's pussy seemed to get hotter as she rode my cock, almost like she was on fire. Her eyes rolled in her head as she ground her pussy against me. Finally I told Beth, "If you keep this up, I'm going to paint the inside of your delicious pussy with my cum."
Beth smiled at me, saying, "Oh God, Dan, it's been so long since I've had a cock inside me, I want to keep you there for a few more hours. You feel so good and I'm so glad Kim allowed me to ride your wonderful tool."
I smiled up at Beth saying, "I know I won't last a few more hours. Most likely I won't even last a few more minutes."
Beth looked at me and her eye lids were half closed and in a hushed voice she said, "I want you to shoot your hot cum into my pussy. I want to feel your love juice splatter against my cervix. Dan, please give me your love juice ......... Oh God........ you feel sooooooo good inside my pussy."
Suddenly I felt my cum start to really move, so I said, "Beth, I'm going to cum soon."
Beth pushed her hand down against my chest as leverage so she could move her hips and grind them against me. Her movements became jerky as her own orgasm gripped her body and her pussy muscles gripped my cock and squeezed it, causing my cum to move towards the end of my cock. Within seconds I groaned and exclaimed, "Ohhhhhhhh Beth, here it cummmms!"
Breathing raggedly Beth picked up speed as she rode my cock and experienced yet another mind blowing orgasm of her own while I sent a barrage of my cum into her very hot love tunnel. Beth continued to move at a slower pace, even after her orgasm subsided. She opened her eyes and with a dreamy look in her eyes she said, "I just fucked my boss and it was the best ride I've had in my lifetime. Dan, I really want to thank you for everything you've done for me."
Looking up into Beth's blue eyes I smiled and said, "Beth, don't worry about thanking me for anything. You've been a great asset to me and I appreciate everything you've done for me."
Beth leaned forward with my softening cock still inside her and kissed me. I hugged her to me and we kissed passionately for a minute or two. When we finished kissing, Beth rolled off to my side and we laid there hugging each other and I brushed her wet sweaty hair off her face. Beth smiled up at me, saying, "You know mister, I had a lot of questions for you since you told me to only observe what happened last night and we could talk about it tonight."
Smiling at Beth I asked, "Did you see anything at my house last night that you disagree with?"
Beth was watching my face and replied, "No, I didn't see anything that would cause me alarm. However, I saw the greatest family ever, pulling together and helping some defenseless girls who were abused by those terrible men. I had no idea those girls were living at your home and you were taking care of them - providing a safe place for them to stay. All I can say is, I saw an exceptional family with an exceptional man at the head of that family."
I smiled at Beth saying, "My family has unofficially adopted Terri into our family. Kim and I consider her our daughter as much as Jenna is our daughter."
I continued with saying, "The impromptu party last night was made up of mostly the people who work for us. I can only take credit for hiring Terri, Tony and Ted. Then Terri took over and she hired all the rest, which is far more than you saw at the dinner last night."
Beth looked into my eyes, saying, "I really got all the answers to my questions last night just sitting and watching you interact with your family and the others who were there. Dan, I want you to know I consider you a special man for doing what you're doing. I wish there were more men like you who paid attention to detail."
Smiling and looking into Beth's eyes I replied, "I really appreciate what you've said to me. It's true I have a great family and really great friends. I have been blessed in my life and I want to share what I can with others. And nothing upsets me more than someone who takes advantage or abuses an innocent person."
Beth said, "I don't want to ruin this moment but I think we should grab a quick shower and then get some sleep so we won't be nodding off during our meetings tomorrow."
Beth and I got off the bed and walked hand in hand towards the bathroom. Once inside Beth opened her toiletry bag and pulled out the disposable douche she had brought from her apartment. Looking at me she said, "Normally I would use this in private but since you know so much about a female's body, I'm not a bit bashful about douching with you in here with me."
I had the shower running by the time Beth had her douche out of the box and assembled so she stepped into the shower and just as she was getting ready to insert her douche into her pussy, I asked, "Do you want me to do that for you?"
Without even looking up Beth said, "Well, it took you long enough to make the offer. I was hoping you would offer after I heard your daughter say you knew how to insert a tampon last night. You're a man of many talents and I was hoping you would show me firsthand how talented you really are."
I squatted and reached out and took the douche bottle from Beth's hand and when she spread her legs, I inserted the douche nozzle into her pussy and squeezed the bottle, then refilled it with water to rinse the inside of her pussy. When I was finished I tossed the bottle in the trash can and stepped into the shower. Beth was washing her hair so I squirted some of her Dove body wash on a wash cloth and started washing her lovely body. Beth picked up another wash cloth and washed my body paying special attention to my cock and balls making sure everything was washed clean.
When we finished Beth said to me, "Let's go sleep in my bed now that we've messed up your bed."
I smiled and said, "Lead the way, I'm tired."
Beth and I crawled into her bed and I spooned up behind her naked body. The minute my cock nestled in the crack of Beth's ass, it started to get hard, I couldn't help it. I whispered to Beth, "That guy has a mind of his own."
Beth was laughing when she whispered back, "Dan Morrison, some day I going to fuck you till he won't get hard again for at least eight hours."
I cupped Beth's tit in my hand and replied in a whisper, "You're on! Let me know when you're ready. Good night, sweetheart."
Beth giggled and said, "Do you know what you just called me?"
I replied, "Shhhhhhhhhhhh........ I'm trying to go to sleep!"
To Be Continued:
** First, thank you for taking time to read this chapter.
** Please take a couple of seconds and vote for this story.
** Your vote rates the story/chapter and Literotica uses your votes to rate the authors.
** Please click on one of the stars below:
1 Star (you didn't like it) all the way up to - 5 Stars (You loved this chapter)
Chapter 10, as of June 23rd, has had 23,002 readers and only 757 readers voted.
****************************
NAMES OF MAIN CHARACTERS:
The Morrison Family: Dan, Kim, Jenna and Terri Powell
Lawn/Landscaping Crew: Tony and Patty Williams,
Tony's sisters: Barbie and Beth Williams
Security crew: Ted and Marion Johnson
Helpers: Pete and Jeff
Terri's Friend: Jeff and Tina Simpson
Jenna's Friends: Lisa Thompson, Becky Harris and Kevin Brown
Additional Victim of Harold: Hanna Lindquist
House Cleaning Crew: Ashley and Paul Brennan and Sarah Green
Gus and Debbie Brown and Joe Newton
Store Owner: Harold Gordon
Salon Owner: Bill Jefferson
Photographer: Pete Jensen
Officer Mary Davis
Officer Shelly White
Pool cleaner: Bill Smith
Dan's Exec. Secretary: Beth Thompson
Dan and Beth's Secretary: Kelly Jones
Dan's boss: Tom Banks
Tom's Exec. Secretary: Brenda Summers
Joe Bailey:Chauffer for Dan and Tom
Captain Bob McGrath: Pilot for the company
Dr. Roberta Collins