##Just a little back story in case you haven't read Chapters 1 and 2.
Hi, I'm Dax, and my wife is Vanessa. I would like to tell you a story. First, here's some background so you can understand our situation a little better.
We are both 26 years young, and have been married five years. We have four young children together, and gratefully, Vanessa's mother watches them on the weekends. V and I have always been... willing to experiment. I guess she introduced me to it - she was more experienced than I when we hooked up. She actually introduced me to the wonder that is the threesome.
We have a few rules that we follow.
##The Rules
Rule #1. I can not cum in another woman's pussy. Another man can not cum inside Vanessa's pussy. Anywhere else is fair game - in the ass, mouth, on the body. There's something...very intimate about cumming inside a woman's pussy. We don't want any extramarital feelings to develop.
Rule #2. No cheating. Threesomes are ok - affairs are not.
Rule #3. If I want to invite another woman into our bed, I must allow Vanessa to invite another man.
###Vanessa (My wife)
Vanessa is tiny - she is just 4'8" tall and weighs 95 lbs - she is ultra skinny. She has short brown hair, big brown eyes, and small breasts with tiny little nipples. Oh, and a surprisingly plump little ass. She is super toned and muscular - like me, she's always at the gym. No flab, even after 4 children. She had all her hair lasered off her entire body - except her head.
She measures 30B-21-33 - there's that plump ass I told you about. She has very large pussy lips that hang low, surrounding her rather large hole. She's not at all tight after four natural childbirths. Very experienced.
###Dax (Me)
Im a big guy - 6'3" and 215 lbs. I have a shaved head and brown eyes. I'm very muscular, with a six pack and pretty impressive biceps. Like Vanessa, I'm always in the gym. People say I can be intimidating.
My cock measures 4.5 inches long, and is about average thickness. It looks even smaller on my large frame. Vanessa, thankfully, thinks it's cute.
###Chloe
Chloe stands tall at 5'11", and weighs 140 lbs. she measures a perfect 36C-24-38. That's a 38 - her ass is big, round, and perfectly firm.
She has long straight blond hair and crystal clear blue eyes. 36C, big firm ass. All hair has been lasered off, and she has the tightest pussy in the world. It's like a fucking vice. A magical little vice. Sometimes I feel like there are jealousy issues with Vanessa.
***OK, now on to the story.***
"Do you remember Clay from the gym" I ask Vanessa over the phone.
"Sure, I think so. Why?"
"I was going to invite him over for some beers and swimming when we're finished up - is that OK with you?"
"Sure. Maybe I'll wear something sexy to get you all riled up." My wife is always teasing.
"Don't do something you might regret" I say with a smile. "We'll be there in about an hour."
I hang up and head back to the weight room. I extend the offer to Clay, my frequent workout partner, who graciously accepts. It's 90 degrees out today, and some cold beer and a dip in the pool sound great. We finish up our workout, shower & dress, and he follows me home.
We arrive to a home filled with delicious smells. I call out to Vanessa, who appears in the kitchen doorway, all smiles. Also, all ready for the pool. She's wearing one of her sexiest bikinis - a Wicked Weasel. She didn't go overboard, though, as this one is solid black and not see-through. It's unlined, though, and it looks like a second skin. Especially when it's wet.
The tops are tiny triangles, covering her nipples and not much more. The cleavage, even with her small breasts, is fantastic. Her taut, bare, tan stomach tempts me as ever, and she has her indecent bottoms covered with a silky sarong wrap-around. One of the ties on the side is visible above the wrap, hinting at what is below.
Before I could re-introduce my friend, Vanessa smiles in the doorway and breaks the ice. "Hi Clay - it's so good to see you!" she gushes, as she walks into the room and wraps her arms around Clay in a warm hug. Good friend that he is, Clay keeps his hands squarely on my wife's back.
I'm still stunned at my wife's choice of attire, so fortunately she speaks again. "Why don't you guys get changed while I get you something to drink?" We both mumble our agreement. I point Clay to the guest bathroom, and I head to our bedroom. I dress in my normal suit - a typical European style suit that always, for some reason, draws looks here in the United States.
People here call it a Speedo, but it's a different brand. It's smaller than a typical Speedo, but it's a "bikini style" suit just the same. It has less material, dipping down lower to just about my pubic area. I don't wear it to show off my package, but rather, to show off the fruits of my constant workouts.
I meet Clay in the hallway, who pokes some fun at my bright red suit, which I sling back at him for his nearly knee-length flowery board shorts, and we continue out the patio doors toward paradise.
Standing right outside those glass doors is my beautiful wife, holding a beer in each hand. We each take one, and she is suddenly holding a plate of brownies, which explains the delicious smell. We each take one, V grabs her own beer, and we continue on our way.
V lays down in one of our beach chairs and grabs a magazine as she sips her beer, while Clay and I jump right in, acting like idiots. This goes on for a while - we get out for a bit, drink some more, back in, out for drinking, etc etc. I manage to get another two beers in V as well.
"You know, you've been on your back for awhile. You really should flip over so you don't burn." I innocently tell my wife.
V tips down her sunglasses at eyes me suspiciously, then decides I'm being harmless. She sets down her book and flips over in her chair.
I lean in to whisper in her ear "You are going to to have ridiculous tan lines if you keep the sarong on." Without waiting for her answer, I gently tug on the knot. She doesn't resist, and then slightly lifts herself up so I can remove the offending piece of cloth.
I have seen it a thousand times, but I can't help but stare. The bikini is just a G-string, and there's only a tiny black line of cloth "covering" my wife's amazing ass. It's plump, round, smooth, flawless, and most of all, mine. I have to look away so I don't pop wood - I can't exactly hide it in my tiny suit.
I lean in to whisper one more time "That's better. You really should untie your top. You don't have tan lines on the back now - and you look better that way."
This time she does eye me suspiciously again, but either my innocent look, or the three beers inside her convince her otherwise. She nods slightly. I untie the knot at the back of her bikini top, and then begin to pull the strings away.
Perhaps not realizing what she was doing, V lifted her body slightly, so I pulled her top out from under her. She got situated and closed her eyes again. I stood, her bikini top still in my hand, and eyed my work. My tiny, beautiful wife was laying there tanning in our backyard. The only bit of cloth covering her was a tiny black G-string that, if anything, accentuated rather than hid, her amazing ass. She was topless, though her breasts were safely hidden as she lay face down. She was a dark shade of tan, with no unsightly lines to be found.
I slowly walked away, to the other side of the pool, and dropped her top next to my chair as I picked up my beer and took a long swig. Then I hopped back in, noticing that Clay's eyes didn't wander from my wife for very long.
Another twenty minutes or so pass, and I call out to Vanessa from the pool: "V, you should join us. The water is warm." I could see her hand drop to the side of her chair, feeling about, looking for her top. She searched in vain, and then did the same on the other side.
"Umm, Dax?" she called out, her voice shaking.
"V, come on and jump in. It's amazing!" I encourage her, hoping to give her the hint. As I watched her lay there, breathing, I could see the moment she got up the nerve to ignore her dilemma. Both Clay and I stared as she gathered herself, rose, still topless, and turn toward us.
The sun glistened off her sweat-dripping body, and her perky breasts stood out, bare, for the world to see. Or, at least Clay and I. The bikini bottom truly was indecent, and just ever so barely covered her vulva. The bulge of her large lips was prominent. Had she not been hairless, it would have been awful. Instead, it was beautiful. Sensual.
Confidently, V strode toward the pool and slipped in, swimming directly toward me. I wrapped my hands around her, cupping her firm ass as I held her tight, and crushed her breasts against my chest. She was breathing heavily, either nervous, turned on, or both.
After a while, Clay hops out to lay in the sun for a bit. V and I continue to play, both of our hands roaming, though mine a bit more, admittedly.
I hop up on the edge of the pool, ready for a breather. V comes along, hanging on the the edge, directly between my legs. We're actually on the side closest to clay, but my back is to him. I look down to V and mouth to her "You are so sexy."
V flushes, but smiles, and gives me the sexiest look ever. I contemplate, then mouth "Give me your bottoms."
V shakes her head.
I try again. "You're almost naked already. Why not show off a little?"
I'm sure it was the alcohol that led to the sexy smile. V reached down into the water, untied her tiny bikini bottom, slid it off, and handed me the tiny piece of cloth.
I decide to push my luck. "Give me a little head" I mouth to her.
She looks at me like I'm crazy. I mouth "He can't see anything. Do it." Knowing her penchant for being daring, I am confident. "Unless you're scared." So childish, this almost always works. V won't admit she's scared of anything.
The look of resolve on her face clear, she reaches out to me, and pulls my tiny suit down, releasing my very-shriveled cock and also-kind-of-shriveled balls. She leans in and takes my cock easily in her mouth. I harden quickly as V works me like I'm paying her.
I put my hand on the back of V's head and push her down, thrusting slightly into her mouth at the same time.
"Hey Dax - you got any more beer?" Clay's question interrupts my rapidly approaching orgasm. I keep my hand firmly on the back of V's head as I calmly answer: "Yeah they're in the fridge. Grab 3, would you?"
Clay doesn't turn to look at us as he walks into the couch. V must be drunk, because she's sucking once again, no longer resisting.
Clay exits the house carrying three beers when he finally notices. "Holy shit."
Before I can answer, I pass the point of no return. I groan out loud as my cock erupts, filling V's mouth. She quickly swallows, sucking me dry.
Apparently unsure how to react, Clay acts like this is normal. He walks over to us, leans down to set two beers next to us, and then goes to lay down on his chair.
V looks cup at me part mortified, part turned on, and part giggling. She looks like she wants to ask me a question. I nod. "Are you sure?" She mouths. I nod again, smiling.
With that, my wife moves to the ladder, climbs out in her naked splendor, and somewhat drunkenly strides toward Clay. Without saying a word, V straddles him, pressing her bare pussy against him. She leans down, crushing her breasts against his bare chest, then kisses him passionately. Some friend - he didn't hesitate at all before sticking his tongue in her mouth. His hands grabbed her plump ass, then her perky breasts.
Soon she rose, and he stripped off his board shorts, revealing his raging erection. His cock was about the size of mine - just about a half inch longer, at five inches.
V turned around, facing me, straddled him once again, in reverse cowgirl style, grasping his cock as she lowered herself.
"Wait, I don't have any condoms" Clay half protested.
"Just don't come in me." V said seductively as his cock slid between her folds. She was apparently sopping wet, and began to fuck him silly. His hands barely left her spectacular ass. V's eyes never left my own - she was staring right into my soul as she rode him.
Within a few minutes he gave the warning - "I'm about to come." V lifts herself just enough so that Clay's cock fall out of her. She lowers herself onto his lower abdomen, grasping his slippery cock. She strokes it as it is pointed directly at her thick, meaty lips.
Within seconds it erupts, shooting stream after stream of hot, thick semen directly at V's pussy. Finally satisfied that he is empty, V releases his cock, rises, and lies down on the next beach chair.
I am ready to go again, so I stand and lose my suit, and move between V's legs. Her pussy, thighs, and lower abdomen are covered in semen, though technically Clay didn't come inside her. Her rules, I guess.
I push that out of my mind an enter her easily, and pound her furiously. Her pussy is on fire, extremely wet, and a little gooey near the entrance. I pound her as hard as I can, sliding in and out with ease, as I grasp her waist tightly. She moans softly, exhausted, but still enjoying herself. It doesn't take me long to reach my second orgasm of the day, and I release inside of her, pushing it in as deep as I can. I kiss her deeply as I empty myself.
Finally exhausted, I move over to my own chair and lay back. No one speaks for a long time - no one is sure what to say. Finally V softly speaks "Clay I think it's time for you to go. I need to make love to my husband."