Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.
*****
Goth can be defined as many things, especially when used to describe oneself. Those out of the know tend to just think of it as a sense of fashion in a similar vein to the Emo or Scene kids in high school, though of course, some people choose to dress the way they do for their whole lives. More to the point, aside from the elitist subset that choose to define Goth strictly by the alternative musical roots of the term, people who called themselves Goth today would tend to consider it more of a lifestyle, including not just fashion but architecture, art, literature, home decor, theater, and yes, music. "Geek" Goth was just one subset, and you can guess what differentiates it. There's endless debate as to what counts as "real" Goth, but the more chill people, hopefully, the majority, know that labels like these are rather fluid and evolve over time. A Geek Goth can be a thing.
With that in mind, Autumn hadn't managed to get her new place all that dark and creepy yet, the kind of creepy that made it feel like home. It was new with gray-painted walls and black furniture. She saved up enough to have an actual coffin as her bed too (unused, needless to say) and a few nick-knacks of bats and skeletons, but that's all she was able to manage thus far. She even had adequate shelving for Blu-Rays and video games collected, as well as room for different plushies and figurines for varied merchandise she accumulated over the years. She was well-off enough from her own work and family money that, unlike most young adults her age, she could afford a house right off the bat and a few luxuries, but she wasn't just given everything. Her little renovations would have to happen over time.
Previously, her money was almost solely put into her looks and hobbies. An adult at 19, she was able to make the modifications she couldn't while living under her father's roof. Her hair was kept short; it was naturally dark, but she dyed it pitch black. Every now and then she splurges by dying it a purple, silver, or a light blue. Stud piercings dotted lines down her ears, she got a navel piercing fairly recently and had just healed up beyond needing constant cleaning, and she long considered a clit piercing too. Really, the only thing stopping her was that she would only want one after having her unwanted body hair removed at laser-point, which included mostly armpit, leg, and pubic hair. Until she could manage that, she kept herself as cleanly-shaven as possible and saw it as less of a hassle to not tackle that last piercing quite yet.
Autumn also managed to get a good artist to tattoo a bat on her lower back - a realistic, cute little thing with its wings spread like Dracula's Tramp Stamp. With this, her body was starting to suit her wildest fantasies. It was hard to keep her skin a deathly pale like she wanted to, especially during summer months, but she managed and her body thanked her for it. With that contrast, the little peeks of her pussy and nipples stood out as so much pinker. While her ass was nothing to sneeze at and some guys go wild for a bare pussy, she knew her breasts were her pride and joy. Her breasts were full, bouncy, and DD, though she wasn't that good at taking exact measurements when shopping for bras. It was that awkward situation where a good number of her "normal" bras were just an average D-Cup so her breasts kept threatening to spill out when she wore them.
She didn't usually wear them, though. The way she saw it, bras were a pain and half of her outfits were corseted anyways. Pretty much the only bras Autumn kept around were for working out or as lingerie. Her outerwear tended to usually be a mix of the corseting and some mesh or lace, but she kept things relatively comfy. Her bottoms were either a black skirt to match her black top or maybe some nice formfitting black slacks. Once in a blue moon, she might be caught in a black dress. A dress that made her look like a young Elvira, but a dress all the same. Autumn was an exceptionally lazy girl when it came to getting dressed too, so, since she told herself that no one could tell a difference, she spent many days without her panties too.
She was on what you might call a slippery slope. It all started with some exceptionally hot nights after moving out on her own. Tossing off the blankets weren't enough and sometimes your temporary places don't have the best AC, so she did what came natural and slept naked that night. Then she slept naked for a good number of other nights, even through the winter. Sometimes she had days alone where she'd juststaynaked. Then the corseted tops came in the picture - you'resupposedto not wear a bra with these, after all. Then away with the panties and in with the thrill of going about her day to day life without any underwear. It wasn't the tip of the iceberg of where her mind went most days, but it was enough to actually get her off.
Her imagination and the occasional toy was all she had, sadly. Even as her body became envious, she admittedly wasn't the nicest girl in high school, roughly 2 friends to her name. She tried dorm life for some time too - she entered immediately after graduating high school at 17 - but there were no guys at an all-girl university. Well, that wasn't to say that she wasn't attracted to girls. If it were an entirely physical relationship or part of a three-way, she could see herself enjoying being with a girl. However, rooming there among so many other women for an extended period of time left her knowing for a fact what complete bitches they could be to each other. Autumn was the blunt and a-little-too-honest type, so she found out the hard way that other girls don't tend to say what they mean and trying not to set off verbal landmines with her personality was an honest-to-god nightmare.
So yes, her tramp stamp is a lie. She was still looking. It's just that, speaking from her experience with friends and classmates, guys just seemed... easier. Easier to deal with, easier to relate. You know that one girl who has a bad experience with her boyfriend and swears off men because "Who Needs Them"? That's essentially where she was with other women. Well, from watching way too many videos online, she knew she would love cock too much to settle for a falsey too. Dick pics and amateur porn of guys jerking off were yet another fascination. Regardless, after moving away, she was left with no one of either sex to spend personal time with her or at least no one she already knew. It was time to start from scratch.
She prepped her night with a little make-up. Autumn's tastes should be apparent by now. Black mascara, black eye-shadow. She didn't know any fancy tricks. She just applied them. She had a little more variety with lip color: an assortment of black, a purple called Amethyst, a light blue called Difficult Island, and one that was a shimmery golden color she couldn't read a name on. She felt like Amethyst would be a nice flash of color this evening. She just really had to give herself some energy and think about what kind of evening this would be. Are you just going to stay home again? Watch YouTube? Play video games? Masturbate, and repeat? Or are you going to use your off days wisely and accomplish something? A date? A fuck? A flash? Anything!
But life was not that accommodating, at least for someone who isn't a people-person. She decided to take the bus and stop by some stores. Some new books, new movies, new games, new merch... whatever she felt like. Tonight she walked out the door in a nice black combo of what else but a skirt and corseted top? She had nice black boots to finish the look, but she let a little geek slip through with a golden necklace of the spinning TV logo from the video gamePersona 4. She chuckled a little, remembering masturbating to Yosuke. So long as she found shows to watch and games to play, Autumn would never lack for wank material. Thank you, internet.
While on the bus, she kept her legs closed, but she adored the way her skirt just barely rode up on her legs as she sat and the cloth just barely clung to her thighs. Autumn didn't dare flash the people around her but rather wished for fate to do it for her. While this exhibitionism was something that she wanted to work up to, she knew she was just waiting for that push. Porn sites gave her a new fetish and that was the "ENF" tag - embarrassed naked female. In other words, accidental nudity, in most cases. For example, how hot would it be if someone sat next to Autumn and something heavy - like a large suitcase - pinned her skirt where it was, unnoticed? So, when she would get up from her spot to leave the bus, it would tear away from her body and she would be left bottomless as she stepped down onto the street.
Autumn would only look down and notice this when hearing hooting and whooping from the people around her. Her hands immediately try to cover her pussy and she tries to step back onto the bus to retrieve her skirt. But the bus already closed its doors and took off, the driver seemingly not noticing her predicament. She would already be drawing a crowd, so she would try and run away, run back home if she could, but her house was too far away to walk from just about any destination. She would need to board another bus at best, hitchhike or be escorted by police at worst if that didn't get her arrested for public indecency. It would be too awkward and too slow to try running with her hands covering her pussy too, so she would have to free her hands to run at her best, letting all the passersby see her. Even so, she would still be in the middle of the city and would need to slow down at its busiest, no matter how much she would want to keep running. The dense crowds simply wouldn't allow for that.
As much as she would try to not draw attention to herself, Autumn would inevitably be groped as she would move through the horde of people. Hands running down her ass, tracing in her crack. Fingers slipping around and hooking inside her pussy while she would get wetter and no one could tell if her heated face would have been from the running or her newfound arousal. Some men, as counter-intuitive as it may seem, would look at this bottomless woman and decide to grab her breasts instead, hands flitting along her top and briefly exposing her chest too. The men would toy with them under what's left of her clothes and her hands would desperately try to smack away the hands of the other men who were groping from the bottom. Autumn was liberal arts to the core and not strong by any means; she wouldn't win that fight.
As odd as it may seem, this is where her fantasies would make a turn for the graphic. A man - no, two or three men - would slip away as they grab her and lead her down an alley for just a little more privacy. People passing by could still see them, but in this state, who would say that she wasn't just a whore that they paid for some fun? Two of the men would help hold her arms behind her back to keep her against the wall, while the third would whip his cock out, slip it inside her where she's dripping wet, and start pounding her immediately. Autumn's screams or crying would get mixed with her moans and before long she would submit completely. The First to fuck her would finish inside her, but then, since she stopped fighting, it would be time for Two and Three to have their turns. Two would put it in her ass and they positioned her on all fours so she could take Three in her mouth. One would be jerking off still beside her, likely using the bat at her hips as target practice. Two was getting rough and brave so he would tear away her top too, leaving her naked as they rape her except for her boots and jewelry.
Autumn wasn't well-practiced with blowjobs, but in her mind, she could take it like a champ and make him feel good to boot. She accommodated for the force Three was putting her through and closed her eyes as he moved her head to force her to suck him to the very base of his cock. When the three of them came once more, the new, hot sensation was rushing inside her yet again - now with her pussy, her ass, down her throat and into her stomach, and laced up and down her back. But they still wouldn't be done with her. How many more orgasms? A few more for each guy, for sure, so at least nine more loads of cum to get her fucking drenched in it. Autumn would be positively spent by the end and they would no doubt take pictures and video of their find that day. They would leave her slumped naked on the asphalt, unable to speak anymore and without the energy or the will to grab her shirt again, if it didn't rip beyond use when they tore it off. She would just be left there for the public use of the next guys to find her.
Well, that certainly got her wet as she was waiting for her stop on the bus. Autumn, again, wouldn't dare masturbate for all to see, but it was a miracle that she didn't start fingering herself. She didn't know when rape became one of her kinks, or "public use" for that matter, but that happened. This, of course, didn't mean that she wanted to be a victim in real life. It would simply be a tool in fantasies, fiction, and perhaps role play. Never confuse fantasy and reality, students. All Autumn knew was that that level of degradation and loss of control was exactly what she dreamed of. 100% submissive with an almost immeasurably small margin for error. She accepted this.
When she left the bus, she went directly into her local book store. It was a pretty large and leisurely place, a bookworm's answer to Starbucks. As per her usual, she glanced at any titles to stand out for her in both the Young Adult and Manga sections. Horror and Fantasy too. Autumn loved to spend extra time in the Manga section because she wanted to support any store not just stocking her favorite stories but foreign goods and comics when those areas seem so niche. She flipped through the latest action series and sighed at herself for finding the main character attractive too. Unless guys were typically drawn big and burly for a series, most of these manga drew guys as having lean and rather feminine builds, just the way she liked it.
This, mixed with her fantasy on the bus, was too much to bear. However, a book store isn't nearly as crowded as a bus where people are shoved shoulder-to-shoulder against each other. As she looked around, Autumn didn't spy nary a soul as far back in the store as she was. The bookcases blocked her from view too, unless someone looked directly at her from the side of the aisles. Under these circumstances, was there really that much risk? She tested her luck by slipping her left hand under the hem of her skirt, tracing her pussy lips. There was almost never a time these days when she didn't notice that she was already wet. And if anyone sees her, she could say she was scratching an itch? True, in a sense.
The thing about using her fingers, especially while standing up, was that they never seem to have enough reach for her liking. Eyes darting around her as her body heats up, she let her fingers slide deeper, even pulling in and out as she started to grow dangerously comfortable out here. Book stores and libraries also often had tables set up as reading areas or places to do schoolwork, and what luck that there was no exception! Autumn's knees were starting to give as her pussy started to get more hungry. She stretched only slightly out of her safe cover to grab a chair and pen from the top of that desk. It was only now that she needed to stifle herself from making sounds. She almost collapsed in the chair as she continued to work herself, giving attention to her clit now as she prepped the impromptu toy.
A pen wasn't that much longer than her finger, but it was enough to make a difference. It was a lot harder too and she used her other hand to cover her mouth while she shot the pen inside her. Daring to spread her legs more as she positioned herself sliding a little further down the chair but closer to the wall and hopefully away from any onlookers, as futile a gesture it may seem, she bit her lips for nervousness. Both hands were at her pussy now, spread eagle in the chair, and she had alarms blaring in her head to keep quiet. While she managed to not moan out her pleasure in the middle of the store, she breathed heavier and more audibly than she would have liked.
Autumn was well-practiced though and she didn't need to take a lot of time when she didn't want to. Her hands worked expertly with both penetration and stimulation, so she was cumming very soon. A small sound escaped her as her legs shot closed again. While she was riding out her orgasm, her hands covered and brushed against her sex, the feeling too intense to not let her muscles hold closed like they seem to want. Maybe if there was a guy there, he would simply be trapped where he was, her legs pinning him inside her. As it could have been seen at the moment, her orgasm forced a visual of someone kicking her in her cunt for her finish. Once done, she calmed down her breathing and sat the pen down next to her. She sat up, trying to look like she was sitting normally again. Autumn still saw no one around her, so she gave herself a few more rubs as she calmed down. Where she rubs and how quickly was the difference between making her pussy painfully sensitive after cumming and calming herself down again so she can leave the store in a somewhat presentable manner.
Legs still a little shaky, she stood and wondered if she smelled of her juices now. A deep exhale from her. Did she really just do that? She never did that. That was always just a dream. Did the security cameras catch her? Well, not that it matters. There's hardly ever a person behind the scenes looking over every minute of those things and even then she would never meet them. Did anyone see? She looked just a moment ago after she came and no one was there. It seemed like she got away with it.
Hands spreading her skirt further down, she walked out of that section and bumped into a man. "Oh, I'm so sorry!"
"Ah, don't be, my bad." He was quite a bit taller than her. Lean frame, looks like he's probably Asian (but she could be wrong), and glasses. He was dressed very properly, though his hair wasn't quite agreeing with him. A little bit of an awkward second passed by before he continued, glancing over at the manga section. "Great taste, though. A lot of the good stuff never gets into the anime adaptation. Quality reading."
"Oh yeah, thanks." She remembers that action thing she was reading before. "They have conventions or anything here? I need to be with my people."
He shrugged, perhaps unsure of how to explain. "Sort of? There are one or two events, but nothing that big. A city is a city so we can imagine that the fandom is there, but the big names we get to stop by aren't that big and the events themselves were never organized that well. But we have what we have." He smiled, relaxing and starting to gush to her. "You know, I cosplay Uryu Ishida fromBleach? I was always told that I looked a lot like him in high school."
She nodded with him, happily forgetting her heat now, but wondering how close he was to her before she moved to leave. "Oh, real cool. I did some crossplay before as L fromDeath NoteandBlack Butler's Grell before, but my body just... I couldn't keep the cosplays convincing anymore. I dress as OCs fromHomestuckandPokemonnow."
"OCs? They have a good story?"
"I think my trainer does - myHomestuckcharacter maybe not so much? I can admit when it's straight-up self-inserts."
"Well, I'd still love to see them sometime. I stop by here pretty often. Maybe we can chat more some time? I'm Lee." He shakes her hands while she's still a little spaced out from the encounter. "Some friends of mine help with stalls at those cons, so, you know, if you ever wanna hang or something."
Autumn smiled to herself, knowing intention when she hears it. This wasn't the first time, honestly. A little chat on the Greyhound buses or in a cafe... Geekdom just has a way of bringing people together. Whether it be a bag, a key-chain, a patch... If you notice you have something in common, a conversation can start. "Autumn. And... let me write down my Twitter handle. Or would you like my Facebook? We should keep in touch."
"Yeah, whichever. Sounds good to me." He pockets the paper that Autumn wrote her information on with some scraps that were on the desk... with the pen. But paying no mind, he makes his way out the door with a "Thanks, talk to ya later!"
"See ya!" Her heart was pounding as he left. It did seem like normal geek talk... He would have been more awkward if he caught her, right? And she checked: there was no one there. Right after cumming, she saw no one. With that, she too decided it was time to leave. She bought three new books she was eyeing, grabbing them as she passed by their respective aisles, paid for them at the front without incident, and walked out.