Of course, their little arrangement could only last for the summer.
There was a limit, Lillian knew, to how far Prissy would allow herself to be abused--she'd already abandoned her little tryst with Clive in a snit after his failure to satisfy her--and Lillian was due back at boarding school in the fall.
But first there was a party to be had, a party to celebrate the end of the hot weather, a party that would be attended by both friends of Lillian's father and of Lillian herself. And since their time was short, Lillian decided that the party would be the perfect opportunity to finish things off with a bang, as it were.
Of course, she didn't share these plans with Prissy. But the morning of the party, she lingered around the serving quarters until she was able to grab the girl.
"I'm busy," Prissy said, scowling, and Lillian lifted her eyebrows.
"Not if you want your twitchy little cunt taken care of, you're not. This will only take a minute."
Prissy finally relented and followed Lillian, not up to her room, but just into the nearest closet. Prissy looked around warily, then glared at Lillian. "We're not doing anything in here. Someone'll find us."
"Maids screw themselves silly in these closets all the time, as you'd know if your aunt hadn't locked you up like a nun," Lillian informed her. "And besides, as I said, this will only take a moment, then you're back to work. Turn around and bend over."
Fortunately for her, Prissy was so used to taking orders by this time that she did it even as she was asking, "what for?"
Lillian didn't answer her. She unlocked the belt, pulled it down just enough to expose the girl's slit--clenching and glistening in response to the sudden draft--and pulled the toy she'd procured from the pocket of her skirt, sliding it up inside Prissy before the girl had a chance to object. Prissy took in a breath to speak but instead let out a surprised whoop as the wooden phallus, thinner than a real man's cock but ribbed in an appealing way, slid inside her desperate virgin tunnel.
"Oh! Oh, Miss, I, what--" Prissy stammered, then groaned as Lillian strapped the belt back into place, locking the toy into place inside her. Prissy's hips stuttered in a few quick thrusts, and then she stopped, groaning again, as she no doubt felt the other feature of the toy: the hollow core and the ball bearings secured within, which rolled around and around in the grooves carved for them, creating an incredibly stimulating sensation of shifting weight. "Ohh, Miss!"
"You like it?"
"I...oh," Prissy gasped, incoherent, rolling her hips slowly now as if she were fucking the air, entranced with the feedback from the toy within her. Lillian smacked her on her butt and pulled her skirt down.
"Come on. Back to work."
"What?" Prissy asked foggily, and then, "no, Miss, I can't work like this!" Even as she straightened carefully into a standing position, her gaze went distant as the movement must have made the toy press against something inside her or rock in a new way, and her thighs shifted restlessly like a whore being fingered.
"Well, you had better figure it out, hadn't you?" Lillian tittered. "There's so much to be done for the party!"
"Miss, please," Prissy gasped, and then pressed a hand at the space below her belly button and slid her eyes closed with a groan.
"Careful, now. You don't want anyone else seeing you like that," Lillian pointed out, and then opened the closet door. Prissy's eyes shot open.
"Miss--!"
Lillian was already walking away.
***
Lillian, of course, was quite busy as well for the next few hours. Guests began to arrive, and she was expected to entertain the ones she had invited. She spent most of the early afternoon swanning around the estate with her friends in tow, taking walks and gossiping about their upcoming semester.
At one point, while they passed through the front hall, one of her friends whispered loudly, "what on earth is wrong with that girl?" and pointed through an open door into one of the servants' back hallways. Prissy was visible just on the other side, standing with her back to the wall, rubbing her stomach in slow circles, her eyes closed, practically standing on her tiptoes.
"Must be sick, the poor dear," Lillian said. "Go on to the parlor, you know the way, don't you? I'll be sure she's alright."
"Oh, how good of you," her friend simpered. "Come on, ladies."
As the other girls went on ahead, Lillian stepped into the hall and pressed close up against Prissy's heaving body, trapping her against the wall and shoving a thigh between her legs until it bumped against the cold, hard curve of the chastity belt. Prissy gasped and jolted, her hips thrusting forward, and then she moaned. "Miss, please...this is..."
"What's wrong, dear? It feels good, doesn't it?"
"Yes..."
"Don't you want to feel good? Don't you want to come?" Lillian asked, as if she wasn't fully aware of the problem. It was, after all, a duplicate of a toy she used herself, and it was a very special one; the slow, rocking stimulation of the internal balls did bring pleasure, but it was very gradual, hours upon hours of gentle caressing building up. The final climax was often earth-shattering, but it was entirely unpredictable as to when it would happen.
"I'm afraid, I'm afraid it will happen while I'm, oh," Prissy groaned as Lillian cupped her hip with one hand and began slowly encouraging her to rock her hips, to make the balls start rocking. "Where people can see. While I'm--working. There are so many people here, and every time I step away for a second--"
"Is that what you've been doing?" Lillian giggled. "Trying to hide away in closets and empty rooms, humping the air? What a helpless little slut you are."
"Miss, please," Prissy whined, and then moaned again as Lillian encouraged her to rock more forcefully, rocking with her. "Oh, ohh."
"Do you really want me to take it out? Doesn't it feel good?"
"It does, it feels so good," Prissy admitted woefully.
"Better than when Clive fucked you in the ass?" Lillian asked, and Prissy whined and nodded. She kept moving her hips on her own now, learning the slow rocking motions that Lillian showed her that used the balls to their best effect. "Then you don't really want me to take it out, do you? Think of how empty your poor little cunt will feel."
"Maybe...maybe if you told my aunt you needed me," Prissy said desperately. "And, and I could go to your room?"
"And, what, hump my furniture until you finish?" Lillian laughed.
"Please, Miss, I can't--when I walk, it makes it so...uhhn," Prissy gulped, interrupting her own rolling rhythm with a few rapid twitches of her hips as her body tried to seek out some clitoral stimulation that wasn't going to come. "I can't work this way, I can't."
"You can. You are. You will," Lillian said simply, and then tweaked one of the girl's nipples through her frock, making Prissy strangle back a shout as her hips thrust several times in quick, desperate movements against Lillian's thigh. Lillian giggled, then stepped away and slipped back out to join her friends, leaving Prissy humping the air.
***
Dinner, of course, was when things came to a head.
Lillian put in a special request with Gretchen. Ordinarily, Prissy remained in the back kitchen with her aunt, letting the maids serve in the dining room, but there were so many people that the extra help was needed, and Lillian impressed upon Gretchen that she and Prissy had become such good friends that she wanted the opportunity to introduce Prissy to her guests.
Prissy made a pretty good showing at first. She'd changed clothes, and Lillian wondered if that was because she'd soaked through her first dress, or whether she'd done something drastic like taking a dip in the pond near the stables to cool off; either way, she was bright and professional, if a bit distracted and not moving as quickly as the maids, but Lillian's friends didn't mind, and they found it very droll to make conversation with a serving girl who Lillian claimed to be close to. They asked Prissy all sorts of questions about her aunt and her parents and why she'd come such a long way from home, and Prissy blushed only a little as she fumbled her way through the answers.
But then the food courses began, and it required Prissy to do quite a lot of walking. To the kitchen and back again, and then around the table, serving each of them, refreshing drinks.
She slowed down considerably around the third course, walking with the speed of a lady on a leisurely stroll. She became more distracted, too, fumbling the food, freezing occasionally in the middle of a movement, asking for the guests to repeat themselves when they spoke to her.
"She still must not be feeling well," remarked the friend who had seen Prissy in the hallway earlier, sympathetic.
Lillian watched as Prissy hobbled back towards the kitchen with the speed of an old woman. As Prissy reached the doorway, she stopped and grabbed onto it for a moment, holding very still and holding her breath before slowly letting it out and continuing on her way.
"Mm, yes, she must not be," Lillian said sadly. "When she comes back, I'll tell her to go have a lie down, poor dear."
"Yes, that's just the thing. Oh, you're so sweet with her," said Lillian's friend, and Lillian nodded, taking a delicate bite of her food.
When Prissy came back--walking very carefully and looking resolved, if a bit distant--Lillian waited for her to set down the serving dish she was carrying, then whistled to get her attention. "Prissy, dear, come here."
Prissy gave her a suspicious look, the haze of lust sharpening into clarity for a moment, but she couldn't very well ignore the summons. She made her way delicately around the table and stopped beside Lillian's chair, leaning down to speak to her.
Lillian slipped a hand up the skirt of her dress and ground the heel of her hand hard into the chastity belt, pressing the toy further into Prissy's tormented body.
Prissy fell forward and caught herself with both hands on the table, making the silverware jump, her eyes going wide. "Oh," she said, and then, her hips rocking in little circles, more urgently, "oh, oh, no, I'm, I can't, oh--ahh--ahh!" and then she succumbed to a trembling, helpless climax, groaning in a wounded and desperate way as she took her pleasure, at long last and so very obviously, in front of an entire table of staring gentlewomen.
It went on for almost half a minute, Prissy gasping and grunting over the table, panting like an animal. Then, finally, she slid slowly to her knees, shaking, and several of the girls stood to look down at her.
"Was that--"
"Did she just--"
"Prissy," Lillian gasped. "I'm shocked at you! What, can't you stand?"
Prissy made a shaky attempt to get to her feet, clumsy with embarrassment and with the aftershocks of pleasure, and then she went still with a groan and a wide-eyed look as the movement started the toy rocking in her again, no doubt threatening a second orgasm hot on the heels of the first.
Lillian tsked and then got up from her chair. "I'll take care of this, girls. I'm sorry, this is mortifying."
She bent and grabbed Prissy by the elbow, then murmured into her ear, "I thought you couldn't finish on your feet?"
Prissy just whimpered. She allowed Lillian to haul her up, feet scrambling and trembling like a baby deer learning to walk for the first time, her legs splaying out in a shamefully bow-legged posture as Lillian escorted her from the room. Even so, they only made it as far as the doorway before Prissy gave in and doubled over, crying out hoarsely and shaking as another orgasm took hold of her in front of the entire dining room of guests.
"Prissy!" Lillian gasped again, then hauled the shuddering, panting girl out of view as she snickered.