It was our last night in the house before our move. Beautiful spring night so we decide to go for one last walk. We both knew without saying a word to one another, where we were headed.
Taking my hand we start walking towards the park.
I don't know about Caroline, but I was sexually charged, as soon as we left the house.
We have small talk, mostly about nothing, stopping every few steps to kiss passionately.
Stopping for another kiss, I slide my hand under Caroline's short skirt and feel her bare ass and then tugging gently on a tiny patch of material belonging to her thong.
Caroline looks up at me with a smile, letting me know her pussy tingled from the slight tug.
My cock twitches as I feel Caroline's hand grab and grope my cock through my jeans.
Finally we make it to the park, the place of one of our hottest nights of hot sex.
Heading for the climber, I let my pants fall, exposing my hot cock to the cool night air.
My freshly shaved cock and balls are tingling in the cool air as you approach me with a devilish grin on your face.
Slowly and gently you start stroking my cock, while your mouth sucks my balls in. Licking and tugging my freshly shaved balls. Your tongue starts sliding up my hard shaft, licking in circles around the head. A moan escapes my mouth as you slide your mouth all the way down my cock, letting my cock hit the back of your throat. I grab a handful of your hair and start fucking your mouth, moving my hips back and forth, letting your mouth milk my cock.
Just as im about to beg you to stop, I hear a moan, we both stop what were doing and look over to see your typical looking soccer type mom, with her pants off and her fully exposed pussy getting worked by one of her hands. "Oh god , please don't stop, I've gotten off from you two before watching from my house, but this time I needed to get closer.
We were so horny at this point we didn't care, I ram my cock back into your waiting mouth. The whole thing is so intense knowing someone was watching, getting off from your amazing blowjob.
I reach down to pull you away before I cum.
Before you can pull away our "friend" requests something else..."Can you let him cum in your mouth, watching something like that makes my pussy ache"
Because of the amount you make me cum, you have always been nervous about me doing that.
You look up at me giving me a wink and nod and reply "yes".
You start to go crazy on my cock, swallowing it deep into your mouth, doing all the little tricks you know that gets me to the point of cumming.
Hearing the stranger chanting in the back "That's it suck his cock, mmm make him cum"
That was all it took, and with a deep groan I started cumming. I started in your throat, then you pull me to your tongue so you can taste me. I quickly fill your mouth and you greedily swallowed it all except for a small but thick trickle out of the side of your mouth.
I sat there stunned, not only by what just happened, but because after she came over and licked my cum from your face.
Just staring at each other, not breaking your gaze she says to me "I hope you don't think you are done yet. She still needs to cum and that wet cunt of her's needs a good fuck too I bet."
Getting between your legs I start to slowly lick and suck your clit. "That's it. Spread her legs some more so I can see. Hmmm, so wet and tasty looking. Now slide a finger into that cunt and fuck her good."
You almost cum right away as I slowly and knowingly work my finger into your cunt. I don't dare to pull my mouth away from your clit, but I can hear our friend playing with her cunt and from the sound it is as wet as your is. My cock is still hard and I can't wait to give her a good fuck show.
Curling my finger I start rubbing your G-spot and sucking your clit. Then to put you over the edge I reach up and start to roll one of your nipples between my fingers and I slide one of my pussy soaked fingers into your tight asshole. I feel you start to spasm and shake as your juices cover my face.
Before you stop shaking I quickly slide my cock into your cunt. The platform you are on is a perfect height and as I go to enter you, she asks if I can fuck you from behind. Quickly I flip you over and slide into your soaked cunt.
"OH FUCK ME, that is so hot. I love how your pussy lips are sucking onto his cock. Fuck I'm going to cum soon. Fuck her hard so we all can."
With that order I grab onto your hips and start slamming into you. From the sound of both of you I can tell that both of you are close to cumming. She is the first to cum. We both watch as three fingers slam in and out of her cunt. We watch in amazement as she starts to cum and starts to squirt into her hand and all over her legs. That was enough to set you off and your cunt starts squeezing my cock as you cum.
"Fuck me I'm going to cum again!" I moan.
"Please please cum on her ass, I want to watch."
As she says that I pull out and start pumping my cum onto your ass. We are all motionless for a minute until she reaches over with her cum soaked finger and scoop up or cum. Leaning down she kisses you on the cheek.
"Thank-you for the show, I hope you enjoy our taste." she says as she presents you with our juices and you suck her finger clean. Nothing more is said as she gathers her cloths and leaves.