Author's Note: this story is posted to Literotica for the purpose of entertainment and feedback. I do not give content or trigger warnings, proceed at your own risk. Anything that has more than one chapter will be considered slow burn by this site's standards, but I usually post quickly.
****
By the time we reach the valet station, my head has cleared enough for me to feel awkward and embarrassed. I tug my hand away from Damien and try to ease out from under Darren's arm.
Damien looks over his shoulder at me and the playful light in his eyes turns dark. He looks over my shoulder at Darren, his eyebrows lifting, and I struggle under the sudden weight of the air. I can feel Darren's tense form against my back as Damien moves into my breathing space.
"Penny?" His voice is soft, tender even, but I can't meet his gaze. He cups my face between his palms, the silver rings on his fingers making tiny points of coolness on my burning cheeks.
"Look at me." I keep my eyes downcast and he leans in, brushing his fingertips over my eyelashes. "Look at me, please?"
His breath smells like cinnamon, and I finally raise my eyes to his. He smiles, nothing but pure, sweet joy on his face.
"I'm sorry," I blurt out. "I just don't know what you want from me."
Damien's laugh is velvet, sliding over my skin. He tilts my face up to his, resting his forehead against mine. Up close, the kaleidoscope of green and gold flecks in his brown eyes is hypnotizing.
"We just want you, beautiful. Nothing else. Just your own sweet, perfect self."
I close my eyes, my throat tight with emotions I can't even describe and gasp when his lips brush against my ear.
"I've spent months dreaming about peeling you out of a dress like this, sweetheart. Waking up next to you this morning was torture, knowing that I had to be a gentleman and not ravish you the way I wanted to. Put me out of my misery. Come home with me, with us. Let us show you just how perfect you really are."
"I'm not." I start to protest, and he silences me with his mouth, nipping and licking at my lips until I moan, my hands digging into his lean hips as he crushes me back against Darren. I can feel the other man's arousal pressing against me from behind, feel the harsh change in his breathing when my body shudders between theirs.
"You are," Damien whispers against my mouth. His light touch on my face grounds me. "Trust me?"
"Always." The words spill out without conscious thought, and the sweetness of his smile draws a nervous giggle from me.
He pulls me into his arms as the wide eyed kid from the valet service holds out the Land Rover keys to Darren. He takes them absently as Dave discreetly adjusts himself, giving me a wink that startles a strangled laugh from my throat. We move towards the vehicle as a unit, Darren in the lead, until he stops and runs his hands through his hair in obvious frustration.
"Here," he growls, shoving the keys into Dave's hand. "I'll end up driving us into a tree."
The other two men laugh, exchanging knowing looks, and Damien pulls me into the back seat as the engine starts. Darren slams the door to the passenger side. I start to pull my arms and knees in against my body, moving towards the window furthest from him, but Damien puts an end to that, dragging me close enough to bury his face against my hair. He inhales deeply, making a little sound of contentment.
"Don't take his attitude personally," Damien whispers in my ear. "He's halfway crazy wanting you." His hands slide under my hips as he scoots to the middle seat and pulls me into his lap. I start to wiggle away and he stops me with his arms wrapped around my body.
"Trust me." His nose brushes the outer curve of my ear and sends a chain reaction of goosebumps down my neck and shoulders. I melt against him, and he practically purrs as he runs his hands up my sides and back, his touch as soothing as a warm bath. I turn my face, seeking out his mouth, and he obliges me, kissing me until I start to turn in his arms. He holds me still, his eyes full of wicked delight, his voice rough with desire.
"Watch them. In the rearview, look at them."
I force myself to look up and find Darren staring at us, his eyes nearly black and blazing with heat. Dave's blue gaze flicks from the road to the mirror, just as hot. Damien gives my arms a little tug, catching my wrists in an almost painful grasp as he pulls them in front of me, holding them until I relax against him. He lets go of my wrists and slides his hands up my arms, coaxing them over my head until they're looped around his neck, my head resting on his shoulder, my body draped down his.
"Watch them," he demands, and something in his voice sends a shiver through me. "Watch how much they want to be the one touching you right now."
His hands smooth down the front of my body, his touch so light it feels like a breeze just barely kissing my skin. He guides me with the barest of touches until my legs are splayed wide on the outside of his, my skirt bunched over my hips and the tiny scrap of satin and lace he picked out just barely covering me. He trails his fingers across the insides of my thighs, drawing a shiver out of me, and whispers them down my legs. My eyes close at the sensation.
"Oh, no, precious." Damien pinches me lightly, high on my thigh, causing me to jump. "Keep those pretty eyes open." There's the sharp, unmistakable sound of a knife snapping open, and he laughs darkly at my muffled shriek. The small, hook shaped blade in his hand catches a passing streetlight's glare.
"Damien." Dave's voice is a dangerous growl from the driver's seat. I catch a glimpse of his stern gaze in the mirror, but it's Darren's tortured eyes that catch and hold mine. He's turned in his seat, watching us with a look of near pain on his face.
"Trust me, Penny." Damien's lips touch my shoulder. "And keep your eyes open."
He slips the blade into the bodice of my dress, the blunt edge of the knife pressing into my cleavage. His wrist jerks, and the thin fabric parts, revealing the tops of my breasts. Adrenaline floods my veins, my breath rushing out a shaky gasp as he drops the knife to the floor and grabs the torn edges.
The dress rips with a grating hiss under his hands, leaving me almost bare for his roaming hands. Darren growls from the front seat, and Dave's hands flex on the steering wheel as he swears softly. The realization that I'm the one causing such reactions is a terrifying thrill. My skin feels too tight, hot and tingling, with a heavy pulse settling between my legs. The frayed remnants of the dress flutter against my sides, Damien's impatient hands brushing them out of his way as he cups my breasts.
"Now you know why I insisted on dressing you," he taunts softly, deftly detaching the front clasp of my bra. He palms my nipples, rolls them between his fingers until I have to move, squirming on his lap until he growls and sinks his teeth into the top of my shoulder gently. Darren reaches for my leg, and Damien slaps his hand sharply.
"Mine. You can wait your turn, madman."
Darren drops back into the front seat, closing his eyes and cursing Damien softly, but with emphasis.
"He's so needy." I can feel the laughter trembling in Damien's voice, even as he returns to his languid torment of my breasts, flicking his nails lightly over my skin, drawing circles around the aching tips. He slides one hand down my stomach, lazily tracing the edge of my underwear. I bite back a scream of frustration when he moves his touch back up, stroking my waist and sides.
"Damn you." I don't consciously let the words out, but there they are, causing him to nip again at my neck and shoulders.
"Oh, did you want me to keep going?" His fingers dip under the panties, slide down over my soaking folds and stop, cupping me. "Is that what you wanted, sweetheart?"
I hate him. I push against him, my fingers tangling into his hair and pulling hard. He draws in a sharp breath and his hips surge under me.
"Do that again," he demands breathlessly. I yank at the silky strands and he moans, curling his fingers and stroking me with the lightest of caresses. I dig my nails into his scalp, and he hums with pleasure, skating the pad of his thumb over my clit. I try to move, seeking more pressure, and he pulls his hands away entirely, digging his fingers into my hips and holding me down, grinding his erection against my ass.
"I hate you, I hate you, I hate you."
Darren's lips curl into a rueful smile, and Dave laughs as he pulls up to a red light. He turns in his seat to look at me, panting and sprawled indecently over Damien's body, and his eyes sparkle with amused desire as they zero in on my chest.
"Can you hate me, too?" He asks sweetly, stretching to run the backs of his knuckles over my wet panties. "Pretty, pretty please?"
My damp cheeks flame, and he snatches his hand back as the light turns green. I struggle against Damien's hold, my thighs sticking to the buttery leather of his pants with soft, sucking sounds. My head is spinning with conflicted emotions, my body rebelling against my sane, sensible self.
"Penny." Damien's low, caressing voice stills me, settles something in me. He turns my face with the brush of his fingers against my cheek, his mouth taking mine in another of those slow, drugging kisses that turn my brain to static and my bones into water.
The flick of his thumb over my sex vibrates through me and I'm lost, trembling in his arms. I don't notice when the car stops. When someone reaches in and lifts me out of Damien's arms, I protest wordlessly, my hands clutching at his shoulders. Dave hushes me with a gentle smack of my bottom.
"Inside, pretty girl." He lifts me effortlessly into his arms, carrying me like a bride up the front steps. His heart hammers under my cheek as I nestle against him. "We need more room for this."