As much as my vanity or ego would like to assert the opposite, I am not a young man. Young at heart and certainly still as horny as an eighteen year old, but showing my age. What started me ruminating on this topic was watching my semen oozing from my sister's vagina. I watched attentively as my load slowly trickled down towards her anus after a particularly spirited session of semi-surreptitious sibling sensuality.
My wife Audrey was helping our daughter Hannah out with some childcare as Hannah and Damien were both called back to work full‑time at very short notice. It was decided that Audrey would stay at their house and look after our granddaughter for 3 days, after which, Susan would take over. Because of this, Wendy and I had the place to ourselves.
Don't get me wrong, Wendy and I weren't doing anything alone that we would not do or have not already done in front of Audrey. It was simply a twosome rather than a threesome for the next few days.
These days, I was still capable of ejaculating three times per day without too much trouble. This was not the average, that would be closer to twice, but three times was not unheard of. This got me thinking about my younger days, the best ejaculatory achievement that I can recall for a twenty-four hour period was seven. Four in vaginas, two in mouths and one in a handful of tissues. Those were the good old days.
As good as those days were for stamina, these days were equally as good for vastly different reasons. The variety of sexual partners and experiences that I have had since being introduced to swinging all those years ago has been fabulous. I even met my wife during a partner swap, so that turned out pretty good.
The most unexpected beneficial outcome of my swinging and nudist lifestyle choices came in the form of a sexual relationship with my sister. With my wife's approval, in fact encouragement, my sister and I have developed a level of physical intimacy that most siblings would find not only abhorrent but truly repugnant.
When he was alive, Richard (Wendy's husband), Wendy, Audrey and I would swap partners from time to time meaning that technically Wendy and I were committing incest regardless of our level of enthusiasm and consent. After Richard's untimely passing, however, things cooled down until the pandemic struck.
Whilst quarantining with Audrey and I, Wendy expressed a desire to attempt to rediscover the joy that our previous unconventional relationship had brought her. As a threesome, rather than a foursome, we experimented until we found what has become our 'new normal'.
Wendy and I had said goodbye to Audrey as she left the property the afternoon before. If things went well with the child minding duties, Audrey said that she would probably pop out to see us the following afternoon if the planned play date managed to happen, but no firm plans were made.
Wendy and I had tidied ourselves up, showered and prepared some breakfast. It was just then that Audrey had decided to check in and see how our first night went. We had her on speaker-phone on the dining room whilst our granddaughter was still asleep in her room.
"So what sort of mischief have you two been up to while I've been away?" Audrey asked.
"You've only been gone one night." I responded.
"Yes, well how many times have you two fucked?" Audrey asked ignoring my protest.
"Only twice." I said, "Once last night and once this morning."
"I thought that you might have tried outside." Audrey commented.
"But it's pouring outside." Wendy responded in protest.
"Oh don't let a little rain bother you. Ben and I used to have the best sex out in the rain whenever we could. Didn't we darling?" Audrey said.
"Indeed we did." I responded.
"Give it a try Wendy, you may be surprised." Audrey's disembodied voice said from the phone.
"What was that?" Wendy asked as we heard a beeping sound coming from the phone.
"I just got a text. Hang on a sec." Audrey paused before saying, "It's from Susan."
"Any news?" I asked.
"Yep, it's a girl. Mother and daughter are both doing well." Audrey announced as we heard a second beep.
"Hold on, there's another message. Ohh isn't that sweet!! There's a photo attached to this one." Audrey said, "Go check your phone Ben."
Just as I stood, I heard my phone beep too. It was on the table near the front door and when I picked it up, I saw that I had indeed received a message from Susan. I returned to the dining room, opening the message as I walked. By the time I arrived, I was able to show Wendy a photo of Caroline standing in the delivery room, holding her new daughter surrounded by Susan, Sally and Josh.
"Yeh, I just got the photo too." I said to Audrey.
"Caroline's still naked, but everyone else is clothed." Audrey observed.
"That seemed like a awfully fast labour to me." Wendy commented.
"Not really when you think about it. She started with some mild contractions yesterday afternoon, she went into the hospital last night when things started to heat up and this morning she's holding her new daughter." Audrey said.
"Compared to mine, that was fast." Wendy replied.
"Sorry, gotta go." Audrey interrupted, "Our darling granddaughter just woke up. See ya." Audrey said and then she was gone.
"Romana came fairly quickly too." I said to Wendy as we looked at the photo on my phone.
"Yes, Audrey has always said that." Wendy replied.
"Has she not told you the whole story?" I asked Wendy.
"Audrey said that Romana was born at home in the kitchen, but she did not give too many details." She responded.
"OK, well let me bring you up to speed." I started, "We had made all of the normal arrangements with the local hospital, advised them of our due date, attended pre-admission interviews, all of the normal stuff."
"Right." Wendy said.
"So. The evening before Romana arrived, Audrey said that she has been feeling a few twinges, but that it felt nothing like when she was in labour with Hannah so she just put it down to the baby being restless." I said.
"Sounds reasonable so far I guess." agree Wendy.
"Right, anyway." I continued, "I was in the bedroom the next morning when I heard Audrey call for me from the kitchen. I was a bit busy and said that I would be there shortly, but that's when she said that the baby was coming so I ran out of the bedroom and along the hall."
"When I got to the kitchen, Audrey was squatting in the corner with her back squarely against the wall, Hannah was standing next to her looking concerned and I could see Romana's head starting to appear." I said.
"Oh, my." Wendy replied.
"By the time I got over to Audrey, Romana's head was all the way out and Audrey was feeling for the cord. While all of this was happening, Hannah was asking what was going on." I said pausing for a quick breath before continuing.
"Audrey asked me to check the cord and then turned to look at Hannah with the most serene face and in the calmest voice that she has every used. I remember her exact words as clear as yesterday. She said:"
"Remember that we told you that when the baby was ready I would have to push it out through my vagina?" Audrey asked Hannah.
Hannah nodded and asked, "What's that between you legs?"
"Well, that's the baby's head coming out of my vagina and your father is just checking to see if everything is OK before I finish pushing the baby out."
"I removed the cord from around Romana's neck and told Audrey that she was good to go." I said.
"Then Audrey, reached down with both arms gently cupping the sides of Romana's head and pushed. Romana's shoulders appeared and then with one more push, Audrey was holding Romana in her hands. Just like that."
"It sounds like she had it easy," Wendy said, "Once I pushed out Daniel's bowling ball sized head I thought that the worst was over. Little did I realise that his massive olympic-swimmer-sized shoulders would introduce me to an even more exquisite level of pain before he was out."
"Well, Hannah's birth was nowhere near as easy as Romana's, so perhaps you can compare horror stories upon Audrey's return." I said.
"It's a shame we weren't as close as we are now, back then." Wendy said idly.
"Why do you say that?" I asked.
"I think that I'd have liked to have had you in the delivery room when I gave birth to my sons." Wendy said.
"You might say that today, but way back then, I think that you would have been horrified at the thought of your brother watching you give birth." I replied.
"I suppose you're right." Wendy said as she stood, "Show me where Romana was born".
I stood and moved behind Wendy placing my hand on her lower back and I said, "Move into the kitchen and I'll show you."
Once we reached the kitchen, I pointed to the corner and asked, "Do you see over there, where the grout is slightly darker?"
"Not really." Wendy responded.
I led her closer, still pointing and said, "See the difference between here and here."
"Oh, yes, I see it now," Wendy said.
"Right there is where Romana came into this world." I said.
"And you have the stain to prove it." Wendy added with a laugh.
"Exactly." I replied.
"What do you want to do today, it's still raining outside?" Wendy asked seemingly finished with childbirth stories for now.
"I'm going to start by cleaning those dishes." I said pointing back at the dining room table, "And then I'll probably do some more writing. What about you?"
"I need to catch up on some emails." Wendy replied.
For the rest of the morning, Wendy and I did our own thing. I tidied up the kitchen before sitting down to do some writing and Wendy mostly stayed in her room except for the occasional toilet break. After several hours of steady rain outside, it was getting close to lunch time.
Wendy came into my office and placed her hands on my shoulders and asked, "I'm gonna make myself a sandwich. What one?"
"You read my mind. Yes thanks." I replied, "Let me finish this paragraph and I'll meet you in the kitchen."
By the time I'd finished typing the paragraph that I was working on, saved my work and walked down the hallway into the kitchen, Wendy had two plates of sandwiches ready to go.
"Let's eat outside." she said as she handed me one of the plates.
When you've been wearing nothing for literally months on end, it's amazing how easily your unclothed body just adapts to its environment. If it were snowing outside, I'm sure that the situation would be different, but we don't get snow and a slightly cooler rainy day was not such a big deal to either of us.
Outside, we had a small under-cover area protecting us from the rain. There was not much wind at all, so the rain wasn't blowing in on us as we sat and ate our sandwiches.
"Mmm, nice sandwich." I said.
"Thanks, I'm glad you like it. Um listen?" Wendy replied.
"What is it?" I asked.
"What Audrey said about sex in the rain this morning." Wendy said.
"What about it?" I asked between bites.
"What did you do?" Wendy asked.
"On a rainy day, when Hannah was asleep, we would sneak outside and have sex in the rain." I said plainly.
"And you enjoyed it?" Wendy continued.
"Absolutely." I said before proceeding, "Not only do you have the sexual sensation, but you also have the rain stimulating your entire body.
"Sort of like in the shower?" Wendy asked.
"Sort of, but the water is much cooler and more random in pressure, location and timing." I replied.
"What kind of positions did you use?" Wendy inquired.
"Quite a variety, but we normally ended up in doggy because things sort of ended up getting all slippery and messy." I told her before taking another bite of my sandwich.
"Wanna show me?" Wendy asked as she stood extending her hand to me.
"Mmmm, incest with my sister in the rain?" I asked swallowing quickly.
"Yep, incest with your sister in the rain." Wendy replied.
"You want me to put my penis into your vagina until I ejaculate?" I asked.
"Yep, right in here." She said as she walked over to me, placed one foot onto the armrest of my chair and reached down to spread her outer lips with one hand.
"You had me with 'incest with my sister', let's go." I said as I stood, adding, "However, we need two things before we start."
"What's that?" Wendy asked.
"We need a ground sheet and some towels." I replied.
"OK." Wendy said.
"You go inside and grab some towels and I'll go over to the garage to get the ground sheet." I said.
"Right." Wendy responded.
In what seemed like less than a minute, Wendy and I had completed our tasks and were back in the under-cover area.
"Leave those there," I said pointing to where we were sitting for lunch, "and follow me."
I watched Wendy's spectacular arse as she walked over to the nearest chair and draped the towels over the back. I did not notice this before, but she had tied her hair back into a bit of a bun. I held out my hand and she took it as she returned.
"Ready?" I asked.
"Ready!" she confirmed as we both stepped out into the rain.
"Oh my!" Wendy exclaimed as the first rain drops hit her bare skin.
"Bracing, isn't it?" I responded.
"Where are we going?" Wendy asked as she walked beside me.
"Just out into the middle of the field." I said as I lead her away from the house.
After about ten metres, Wendy said, "This is starting to feel pretty good."
"Yes, " I started, "once you're used to it, it's really rather pleasant."
Wendy ran a few steps in front of me, holding her arms out just like Julie Andrews at the start of 'The Sound of Music' with her face pointing skyward.
"This is wonderful." she said as she pirouetted several times.
"I knew that you'd like it." I responded.
"Look at my nipples!" she said cupping one breast in each hand.
"I can see." I replied.
"Feel them. Feel how hard they are." she said as she rolled her nipples between her thumbs and index fingers in unison.
I reached out and felt my sister's nipples as she had requested, squeezing them gently as I commenting, "Mmm, hard indeed."
"Let's go for a swim in the creek before we fuck." Wendy suggested enthusiastically before continuing with a wink, "Let off a bit of steam before, you know, our sensual sibling samba. Our taboo tango."
"Whilst I certainly like your thinking, the water level will be too high and the water will be running too swiftly for us to be able to swim safely." I responded.
"Mmm, s'pose you're right. What about the big swing under the tree?" Wendy asked.
"As long as we empty the water from the tyre first, I thing that will be OK." I replied.
Wendy took off running in the direction of the tree and by the time I caught up with her she has inserted herself into the tyre and was spinning randomly. Wendy formed a star shape within the tyre, legs and arms spread wide with her head back, alternately flashing me with her genitals and inverted breasts.
"Spin me." she demanded like a petulant eight year old.
I stepped in closer and gave one of her legs a shove sending her spinning in the opposite direction. I have no idea how many times I've done this for Hannah and Romana, I just never imagine that I would be doing it for my fully grown sister.
"Playing in the rain is wonderful!" Wendy said as her head passed me.
"Why didn't we do this as kids?" she asked on her next pass.
"I'm sure that our parents probably thought that we'd catch a cold or something like that." I replied.
Wendy's rotation came to a gentle halt with her head facing directly at me.
"I was that inside me now." She said pointing at my penis.
"Who? Mister floppy?" I asked.
"Yes, but I know Mr Floppy's secret identity." Wendy responded.
"Do you now?" I said.
"Don't tell anyone!" Wendy said as she looked around conspiratorially, "But when nobody's looking, Mr Floppy sneaks into a phone booth and transforms into Mister Meat Missile Man."
"Mister Meat Middle Man?" I repeated chuckling slightly.
"Yes" she said comically trying to extricate herself from the tyre without much success.
I stabilised the tyre and said, "Try it now."
This time, Wendy managed to get herself free of the tyre and stood before me, her entire naked body glistening with water, constantly replenished as the rain continued to fall.
"Come on dear brother, let's find somewhere for Mister Meat Missile Man to impale my delicate Lady Lily!" Wendy said holding one hand out to me.
"Lady lily?" I asked taking her hand making my best effort to raise only one eyebrow.
"Yes, my delicate blooming flower. My lady lily." Wendy responded.
"Does anywhere in particular take the fancy of your lady lily?" I asked pointing around.
"How about on that small rock outcrop over there?" Wendy asked pointing off into the distance.
"Excellent choice madam." I responded as we headed off.
The rock outcrop was not too far away, about one hundred metres or so. As we made our way there, the rain eased off considerably until it had almost stopped completely.
"Oh, it's stopped raining!" Wendy said somewhat disappointedly.
"It appears so, did you want to postpone?" I asked.
"No, I don't think so. This should still be fun." Wendy responded.
Hearing her response I removed the ground sheet from under my arm and set to work deploying it. Since leaving the house, occasional gusts had increased in both frequency and strength, so Wendy helped me find some suitable rocks to secure the edges of the ground sheet. Out of nowhere, a short squall pelted our skin with fresh rain water before disappearing again.
Wendy was already on her knees on the ground sheet smoothing out the last of the creases.
"Where would you like to start?" she asked looking up at me.
"I thought that you might like me to go down on you." I replied pointing to her crotch as some thunder rumbled in the distance.
I looked over my shoulder in the direction of the thunder but soon realised that Wendy had other ideas as I felt the warmth of her mouth engulf my flaccid penis.
"Hello there!" I said turning back to look at her.
Wendy gave a cute little wave to me with one hand as she cupped my scrotum in her other hand and gently massaged my testes. She sucked on my glans and licked it provocatively as my erection grew.
"I like getting my brother hard." she said momentarily before returning her attention to my growing erection.
"Well," I said in reply, "I like it when my sister gets me hard."
"Gub!" Wendy said with her mouth full of my now fully erect penis.
Wendy was skilled at fellatio and was not shy in demonstrating those skills. As I stood there, watching her head bob up and down, feeling the suction from her lips and the attention from her tongue, I had a brief realisation of how surreal my relationship with my sister had become compared to the rest of polite society.
"There!", Wendy said pulling back, "Look at the size of that meat missile will ya?"
"Impressive indeed." I replied looking from my penis to my sister's face, "Thanks."
"You're welcome." Wendy replied with a smile, "Now I believe that you mentioned something about performing cunnilingus on your sister."
"Indeed I did." I said as I watched Wendy lay back on the ground sheet, spread her legs and giver her clitoris a few quick rubs.
"Well, what ya waiting for?" Wendy asked as she used both hands to spread her labia.
"I was just enjoying watching you play with your clit." I replied honestly.
"Like this?" she said as she gave it a few more rubs.
"Yes, like that." I said as I knelt down watching her.
"You've seen me play with myself before." Wendy said as she continued to rub.
"True, but never outdoors on a canvas ground sheet in the almost rain." I replied.
"You're still hard." Wendy said momentarily stopping to point to my penis before bending her wrist and inserting a few fingers into her own vagina.
"Indeed I am." I responded.
"You like watching me get myself off?" Wendy asked.
"Not normally, I usually prefer helping you get off, but this is fun to watch." I said adding, "Anyway, I though that you liked an audience!"
"I like other people watching my brother penetrating me, giving me orgasms and inseminating me, not necessarily masturbating." Wendy responded.
"So masturbating in front of other people is not taboo enough for you?" I asked for clarification.
"Exactly, even masturbating for my brother when his thick throbbing cock is just centimetres away." she responded.
"OK." I said as I leaned down towards her pussy, "Clear out, it's my turn."
Wendy removed her hands from her genitals and leaned back ready for my attention. I moved in closer, placed my hands partially under her buttocks and used my two thumbs to part her labia. After a brief pause to admire the sight before me, I gently took her mildly engorged clitoris into my mouth. As I did this, she flinched in shock as the rain started afresh.
"Oh my!" Wendy said.
"What's up?" I asked as I released her clit and looked up at her.
"Just as you started to suck my clit just then, the rain hit me. It was an interesting sensation." she responded.
"Interesting good or interesting bad?" I said needing clarification.
"Oh definitely interesting good." she said.
"So your Lady Lily is good to go?" I asked.
"Yes indeed. Please continue." my sister responded enthusiastically.
I had performed oral sex on my sister many times over the years, and she on me. As a matter of fact, last night's sexual encounter between us had started off orally. I'd gone down on her in the shower, in the bathtub and also in the pool, but I'd have to say that this was definitely the first time that I'd orally gratified my sister in the rain.
The rain had really reasserted its presence with a vengeance and it did not take long for rivulets of water to cascade down Wendy's body and converge just below her naval before trickling through her pubic hair. A PhD in hydrology was barely required to understand that what water did not get guided away by her outer lips spilled over and around her clitoris before dribbling down her inner lips.
I'd been in a similar situation with my wife often enough, for some unknown reason however, the sight was somewhat more surreal being that the lady involved was my sister. I continued gently sucking on my sister's clitoris and applying some tongue before deciding that her vagina seemed like it needed a finger or two in it.
Well that changed things. Wendy started moaning and rolling her hips slightly. I release her clit from my mouth, but picked up the pace and intensity with my tongue. Another, this time somewhat louder, moan was rapidly forthcoming, followed by another and then another. By this time, I was up to three fingers all massaging my sister's g-spot in unison.
Without warning, Wendy's legs wrapped around my head, her thighs clamping so tight on my ears that I was temporarily rendered effectively deaf. Her legs were pulling my face closer in rhythmic pulses before suddenly stopping. Held in place for several seconds, all that I could really do was wiggle my fingers, so wiggle them I did.
I could read my sister's sexual cues fairly well by this stage in our unconventional relationship and I was pretty sure that her release was imminent. Consequently, I was not caught off guard by the arrival of her actual orgasm. However, the intensity of her release was somewhat unexpected.
I could feel her vaginal muscles clamping down on my fingers, that much was relatively normal for Wendy. What followed was amazing to watch, and even now as I recall her reaction I can relive the event in my mind's eye in slow motion.
Firstly, she released the grip on my head with her legs and grounded her feet. Next, she thrust her pelvis forward with such force that I stumbled back slightly, inadvertently removing my fingers from her vagina as I did so. I'm no medical expert, but what followed next looked like what I imaging a cross between an epileptic fit and an electrocution would look like. For about ten seconds, it looked like she had lost all control of her body as her arms, legs and head shook violently before slumping back lifeless.
I knew that she was still alive because I could see her chest heaving up and down craving precious oxygen, those wonderful breasts of her rising and falling as she gasped for breath.
"You OK?" I asked.
"Fuck me!" she responded.
"I'm glad you liked it." I replied.
"No no no, silly! Fuck me! Put your penis into my vagina now and fuck me." my sister demanded, adding "Now! Quick!"
Luckily, I had stayed erect this whole time and once in place, was able to slip inside my sister with very little resistance.
"Thanks." Wendy said once I was fully inside, "Just fuck me slow and deep. OK?"
"Slow and deep it is." I said.
I humped away on top of my sister for about five minutes, thunder softly rumbling off in the distance. We were making good eye contact and I could see that everything was going well for her, I could certainly feel that everything was going well for me. Wendy was relaxing her vaginal muscles as I thrust into her and squeezing them as I pulled back.
"Everything OK?" I finally asked.
"Yes. Why do you ask?" she responded.
"You've just been a little quiet, that's all." I said.
"Oh, sorry. Everything's going well, you can pick up the pace a bit if you like." she replied.
"I was wondering if you'd like to switch to doggy for a while." I said.
"You wanna grab hold of your sisters hips and pound her from behind, do ya?" Wendy asked with a smirk.
"The thought had crossed my mind." I replied.
"OK then, incest a la doggy it is." she said smiling.
I withdrew from my sister, retreated about half a pace and allowed her to flip herself over. Once she was in position, I moved in closer again.
"I've gotta tell you Ben," Wendy paused as I penetrated her before concluding, "fucking in the rain is awesome."
"I'm glad that you approve." I said as I picked up speed.
"I especially like the rain randomly striking my skin when you're inside me." she added underscored by another thunderous rumble.
"Yes, and it's not at all like shower sex." I replied.
"I agree, the cold water, random droplet sizes and directions as well as the intermittent breezes makes it much better than in the shower."
"Do you mind if I squat behind you?" I asked as I slowed down.
"Your choice, I came hard before so it's your turn now." Wendy responded.
Steadying myself with one hand on Wendy's back, I brought one leg forward and then the other until I was squatting behind her. I found that I was starting to enjoy this position as with my knees further apart it allowed my scrotum to swing free. Once I was settled, Wendy lowered her arms so that her arse was aimed slightly more skyward.
"Thanks." I said as I made a few tentative thrusts.
"Would you like me to squeeze a little tighter?" Wendy asked.
"That would be nice, thanks." I replied enthusiastically.
"Richard used to really like that." Wendy said.
"Yes, I recall him telling me so on more than one occasion." I said as I felt my sister's internal muscles work their magic.
As I continued to thrust and as my sister kept up her supernatural vaginal gymnastics, I could feel my orgasm gradually building. The contrast between the warmth of my sister's moist vagina and the cooling rain and breeze as I withdrew my penis was wonderful. I'd have to make a mental note to thank Audrey for the suggestion, this was quiet enjoyable.
"I'm sorry." Wendy blurted out with a gasp.
I could tell what Wendy was apologising for because I could feel that her vaginal contractions had stopped. I knew that it was taxing for her so it was understandable that she would tire.
"That's OK, I'm getting close to coming." I said.
"Wanna watch my tits bounce as you do?" Wendy asked.
"What do you have in mind?" I asked slowing to a halt, still deep inside her.
"Let me ride you until you come, It'll be great." she said enthusiastically.
Many a time my wife and sister have taken turns riding me until I came. I stepped back, pulling out in the process and watched as Wendy stood. Once she was clear, I laid down on the ground sheet and Wendy positioned herself over my hips.
"Ready to shoot your load inside your sister's pussy?" Wendy asked.
"Ready, willing and able." I said.
Wendy adjusted her position, lowering herself further before reaching forward for my penis. Once in hand, she positioned the tip at the opening to her vagina and wiggled left and right slightly to part her inner labia. The rain was falling and the wind was blowing and I could feel the heat from her body radiating on my glans.
Once she was satisfied with her placement, she lifted both of her arms and rested them behind her head. This had the desired effect as her breasts, nipples still well and truly erect, took on the shapely appearance of woman's half her age. I then had the pleasure of watching my penis gradually disappear behind the glorious mat of my sister's pubic hair as she slowly settled herself onto me.
"Nice?" Wendy asked.
"Nice." I replied with a smile.
"Let's see if we can harvest some of that baby juice of yours." she said as she started to move up and down.
As more thunder rumbled above us, I was not sure where to look. Wendy was looking directly at me and smiling broadly, so I suppose I should be looking at her eyes, I loved the eye contact when I fucked my sister. At the same time, however, her breasts were jiggling up and down in sync with her motion, so I suppose that I should be watching them as she was going out of her way to highlight them for me. On the other hand, as she raised and lowered herself, I could watch my shaft appear and disappear and I really liked my sister's pubes.
Spoilt for choice, I settled on randomly flicking between the three views available to me as Wendy increased the speed and intensity of her motion. Having started already fairly close to coming, I could tell that I would not last much longer.
It's true to say that Wendy and I were somewhat more accustomed to having sexual intercourse with each other that the average siblings. Consequently, we knew each other's bodies, and more importantly, we had a very good idea of when the other was in the brink of orgasm. This was not a one hundred percent accurate science by any means, but it provided useful insight at times.
I knew that my ejaculation was mere seconds away and I'm sure that Wendy had picked up on this as she managed to extract a few final intense contractions from her vaginal muscles. Just as my orgasm began, lightning lit up the sky behind me. This had the effect of illuminating the entire glory of my sister's naked body in the throws of ecstasy, a pure intense light that highlighted everything for the merest fraction of a second.
The look of concentration on her face as she strived to pleasure her brother, the rain water dripping off her nose and chin, her breasts, areolas, nipples, waist, hips, pubic hair and legs. All captured at a perfect moment in time. The after-image stayed on my retinas for several seconds as my semen readied itself for its sweat release.
At exactly the same moment that I felt my penis start to pulsate, the thunder created by the lightning eventually reached us. With the loudest of booms, I started to ejaculate inside my sister.
"Wow!" Wendy said as she threw her arms out, "Did you see that?"
I wasn't in any condition to answer and I was simply grateful that Wendy continued her motion as I continued to come. Wave after wave of orgasmic bliss engulfed me as I thrust up slightly to heighten the sensation.
"Somebody's ejaculating." Wendy said as she looked down at me, impaling herself on my full length wiggling from side to side adding, "Inside their sister's vagina no less!"
As I felt the last pulsation subside I said, "Indeed they are. Thanks for that."
"You're welcome." Wendy said and she leaned forward, resting her chest on mine.
"Did you see the lighting?" I asked still breathing heavily.
"And the thunder, did you hear the thunder?" Wendy asked.
"Yes, it hit just as I started coming. Seriously, my first spurt coincided with the thunder precisely." I replied.
"Did the earth move for you?" Wendy asked giggling.
"I don't know about that, but the sky certainly opened up. What a rush." I said.
Wendy leaned forward and kissed me passionately on the lips. I enjoyed the sensation and shared a lingering kiss for a little while longer. Siblings were definitely not supposed to kiss like this, but considering that I'd just come inside her and had not yet even withdrawn my penis, I think that we could let this one slide.
Without warning, four things happens simultaneously. Firstly, there was a massive flash of lightning. Secondly, there was an accompanying boom of thunder without any perceivable delay. Thirdly, Wendy almost jumped out of her skin and fourthly, as a result of Wendy's aforementioned movement, my softening penis slipped out of her vagina.
"That was close." Wendy said looking around.
"Perhaps we should consider heading back to the house." I said as I started to stand.
Wendy reached one hand towards me holding onto the edge of the ground sheet with the other hand. As I helped her to her feet, she also lifted the ground sheet with her and we were headed to the house without delay. We heard some more thunder, but luckily, there was no more lightning. We didn't run, or even jog, but we walked with purpose and arrived at the house within about seven minutes.
"Fuck that was exhilarating!" Wendy said as she placed the ground sheet next to the table.
I took both of the towels from the back of the chair and handed one to Wendy as she turned towards me.
"Thanks." she said before taking one towel and burying her face in it.
"I've never quite seen it like that before, it was wild." I said as I dried off quickly.
"And when I was riding you at then end there," Wendy said pausing as she allowed me to apply my towel to her shoulders and breasts, "I can't believe the intensity of that huge flash of lightning."
"Yes, brilliant. Literally!" I replied as I dried her abdomen.
"And that boom. I felt the boom through my chest. It seemed to shake my bones it was so loud." Wendy added standing with her legs now slightly more apart.
I continued with my towel down her torso until I reached her pubic hair. After paying thorough attention to drying my sister's vulva and perineum, I dried both or her legs before standing and making a pirouette motion with one hand.
Turning around as instructed, Wendy said, "Richard would have loved that." as I started to dry her back.
"Richard would have loved what?" came a disembodied voice from inside the house.
I continued drying down Wendy's back, lingering at her buttocks for an extra thorough drying as I listened to the screen door open and close behind me.
"Oh hi Audrey." Wendy said excitedly before proceeding, "Your husband and I just spent the afternoon fucking in the rain."
"Have you been fucking your sister in the rain darling?" Audrey asked as she kissed me on the cheek.
"Indeed I have." I replied and I stood.
Turning to Wendy, Audrey asked, "How was it?"
Wendy extended her towel towards me and started to dry me off.
"It was exhilarating." Wendy said making her way down my torso.
"It's very different to shower sex isn't it?" Audrey commented.
Wendy didn't answer for a few seconds as she paid a little extra attention as she dried my penis and scrotum before squatting in front of me to dry my legs.
"Totally different." Wendy agreed as I rotated in place for her.
"How long have you been home darling?" I asked as Wendy dried my back.
"Long enough to take my clothes off and watch you two sprint in from the rain." Audrey replied.
"All done!" Wendy announced proudly.
"How's Caroline?" I asked.
"Mother and baby are doing well." Audrey reported.
"How much longer will they be on hospital?" Wendy asked.
"They're both home already." Audrey said.
"Shit, that was fast!" Wendy replied.
"Well, Caroline's young and healthy and the baby is fine. The delivery was trouble free, the was no tearing, the placenta came away without issue and apparently that's just what they do now." Audrey said.
"That's it?" I asked.
"Not completely, a specialist nurse will visit this evening to make sure that the baby has started feeding OK and again tomorrow morning as a follow-up. They didn't just kick her out. She was given the option of staying in hospital overnight, but she was deemed low risk, she has lots of family support and was told that she could go home and sleep in her own bed if she wanted to. So she did." Audrey said.
"I don't think that I could have done that when my two boys were born." Wendy commented.
"Listen, I need to head back in just over an hour, so come inside and I'll make a pot of tea. I can show you some baby photos and you can tell me all about your incestuous escapade this afternoon." Audrey said as she opened the screen door and headed back into the house.
Wendy took a single jump and landed in front of me, thrusting her chest out as her breasts wobbled pleasingly. Once her breasts had settled down, Wendy kissed me quickly on the lips one more time and then slapped me on the arse before following Audrey back into the house.
I took about a minute to arrange the ground sheet so that it would dry out a little better, picked up the remnants of our lunch from the table and then I headed back inside the house hoping that Audrey had thought to bring some apple-filled pastries with her. I'd worked up quiet an appetite.