Copyright © 2022 : Rae Finley, All Rights Reserved
This work may not be published under any circumstances without this copyright and written consent from the author.
*****
"Liliana, are you ready yet?"
My dad's voice bellowed from downstairs and I groaned in frustration. He was forcing me to tag along with him to work today, even though I'd made it abundantly clear I wasn't the slightest bit interested in going.
"Almost ready Dad, but you can leave without me if I'm making you wait."
"Nice try. You've got five minutes. I'll be in the car."
I cursed under my breath, it had been worth a shot. I turned back to my vanity and slid my small diamond stud earrings in before standing up. I'd really tried to take as long as I possibly could to get ready today, but there wasn't anything more I could do to stall.
I was already extremely overdressed for a day of running around town and checking in at his various businesses. I stood in front of the floor length mirror and admired myself for a brief moment. Sometimes it was nice to dress up, even if you were the only one to appreciate it.
I was wearing a white dress that hit a good few inches above my knees. I knew full well he wouldn't approve of the length, but it had a high neckline so I was hoping he'd let it pass. My dark chestnut brown hair hung in loose wavy curls down my back with a half updo I'd spent a large portion of the morning perfecting.
My makeup was natural, the way I was expected to keep it, but I'd still used more than I normally would in my effort to be left at home. I slid my feet into my white heels and that was it. There was not one more thing I could possibly do. Sighing, I grabbed my purse and phone and left my bedroom, heading down to the garage.
I'd turned 21 a few months back and had taken full advantage of finally being able to go to bars. This past weekend had been no exception which is why he had me on such a tight leash today. I got to the car where he was waiting and my father looked up from his phone to cast a disapproving glance over my outfit.
"You're dressed like you're going on a date, is this why you took so long?"
I rolled my eyes as we both got into the car.
"I just felt like dressing up a little, it's not a big deal."
He frowned in response but luckily didn't push further. I stared out the window as we pulled away from the house and drove through the grounds to the gate. Then we were off to the first of who knows how many stops we had to make today. I quickly grew bored of staring out the window and pulled out my phone instead.
The first few stops I didn't even bother getting out of the car and luckily none of them took very long. But my legs started to cramp by the time we reached one of his car dealerships so I figured I might as well get out and stretch them for a bit.
I followed my father inside and was surprised to see everyone inside bustling around extremely busy. I stopped by the bathroom briefly before heading up to my father's office where I found him huddled over a large stack of papers with the CEO. They both glanced up when I walked in and then right back down when they saw it was just me.
"Liliana, right. We're going to be here awhile, there's a lot I need to do. Why don't you just head back to the car."
"Can't I walk around for a bit? I promise I won't get in anyone's way."
"Sure, fine."
He dismissed me with a wave of his hand and I sighed and left him to his work. I started wandering my way around the building, already bored. At least everyone seemed too busy to even notice I was there so I was able to keep to myself.
Eventually I found myself at a door labeled repairs garage and pushed it open. Apparently it was the only place in the entire building that had nothing really going on. I walked out onto the concrete floor, my heels echoing loudly in the empty space as I looked at various tools and machines, trying to guess what they might be for.
I saw two guys talking together nearby just as the one facing me noticed me as well. I gave him a friendly smile, that he eagerly returned as he elbowed his friend. They muttered something to each other before quickly walking over to me. I glanced them over and guessed they were both roughly around my age.
They had on greasy, baggy uniforms which wasn't surprising but also didn't giveaway much about how they looked. Their faces were fairly attractive though so I figured I could kill some time with a little flirting, it was more interesting than anything else around here.
I noticed each of their names stitched into their uniforms and read them quickly. Carl was the one who noticed me first. He was tall with dark skin and the sides of his hair shaved into an attractive modern cut. Tommy was pale and shorter with shaggy blonde hair that was streaked with grease from him pushing it back out of his face.
"How might we help you miss, are you lost?"
Carl asked politely as he wiped his hands on a rag. I smiled back at him brightly.
"Not lost I'm afraid but I am rather bored. You two wouldn't have any ideas on how a girl could kill some time here, would you?"
Carl swallowed nervously at the sexual undertone I had laid on fairly thick. But Tommy grinned and seemed more than eager to return my flirtations.
"We might have an idea or two. Depends how much trouble you're looking to get into."
I opened my mouth to respond but was cut off by the sound of a loud engine as a car started pulling into the garage. Tommy stepped forward and politely guided me off to one side so they could park where we'd been standing.
It was a black muscle car with dark tinted windows, but I didn't know enough about cars to say much more than that. The passenger door opened first and another man stepped out wearing the same uniform as Carl and Tommy. His was stitched with the name Marco, and he gave me a small nod of acknowledgement before casting a questioning look to the other two.
He was pretty cute too and I blushed slightly with excitement. I hadn't planned on running into an entire team of attractive men today. But I was definitely glad I had spent the extra time getting ready as I noticed each of them giving me appreciative glances they weren't trying very hard to hide.
The engine shut off and I watched as a fourth man stepped out of the driver's side and I had to suppress the gasp that wanted to escape my lips. He was the definition of ruggedly handsome in every way. The long sleeves of his uniform were pushed up showing off his large muscular arms, covered in tattoos.
His head was completely shaved except for a small amount of facial hair, and while the uniform hung baggy on the others, on him it was tight and his muscles were clearly visible through the thick material. He stared me down with a piercing gaze that quickly made me uneasy.
"Who're you?"
His voice was deep and beautifully husky and I glanced to his chest for his name but his arms were crossed covering it up. I swallowed and tried to regain some semblance of my composure and confidence. The other three turned around going a few paces away trying to make themselves look busy while still making sure they could listen in.
"My name's Liliana but I prefer to go by Lily. I'm here with my father."
His eyes seemed to harden even further at this and his frown deepened to a scowl.
"You best crawl back to your daddy then. This ain't a place for little girls."
I scoffed at this and scowled back at him. Crossing my arms over my chest.
"I'm not a girl. I'm a grown woman. And my daddy is fully aware of where I am."
He arched an eyebrow and stared me down for a moment before turning around and opening the hood of the car he'd pulled into the garage.
"No grown woman I've ever met has their daddy buy them a car."
"For your information he's not buying me a car. He owns this place."
That seemed to make all of them freeze for a second and the handsome jackass turned back around to stare at me. Finally giving me a chance to read the name Victor stitched onto his chest.
"Your dad's Mr. Matthews?"
"What? No. I don't know who that is. My dad is Alfred Scott."
He stared at me for a moment, his expression dark but unreadable.
"Scott... Is that the guy who stops by here like once a month?"
I rolled my eyes. Obviously this guy didn't even know who he worked for. How could someone be that ignorant?
"Yes. He's the owner. He only stops by to make sure everythings running right."
He nodded and rolled his eyes, turning back to the car.
"So I was right. You are a pampered rich girl. Doesn't really matter who your daddy is."
Again with that word. I scowled at him and walked quickly over to him.
"You know nothing about me. And if you insist on insulting me the least you could do is insult me to my face."
As I said it I grabbed his shoulder and jerked it back in an effort to turn him around. Apparently I had underestimated just how sturdy he was as he didn't budge even an inch. But the other three guys had gone eerily silent.
Victor froze for a second before turning slowly around to face me with a look that made me want to do exactly what he'd said and go running right back upstairs to my father's office. I swallowed nervously as I looked up at him towering over me.
From this close, I felt incredibly tiny. Even with my heels on he had to be at least a foot taller than me. Granted I was short to begin with but still.
"What do you think you're doing?"
His voice was deep and dark as he glared down at me, daring me to snap at him again.
"Look, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have grabbed you. That was... unbecoming of me. But you had no right to insult me either."
"I didn't insult you princess. Is your dad wealthy?"
I frowned and shifted uncomfortably under his gaze.
"Well... yes. But I really don't-"
"And did you grow up wealthy? With a nice house, nice clothes, plenty of food?"
"Yes but-"
"See? Like I said. You're the definition of a pampered rich girl."
I sighed and crossed my arms over my chest yet again.
"I'll give you that I suppose. But again, you don't know anything about me."
Victor cocked an eyebrow as he paused for a moment and let his gaze slide from my face down my body and back up again. Once more making me feel very much uncomfortable but also oddly turned on at the same time.
"I bet I can guess a lot about you princess. Just from one look it's easy to tell what type of girl you are."
"And what type would that be?"
I couldn't help but ask, even knowing I wasn't going to like the answer. He smirked as his dark brown eyes locked with mine.
"A spoiled rich girl. Masquerading as independent and strong, but in reality you've spent your whole life being handed everything so you know nothing about having to work for anything. You've been pampered in every way there is to the point that you don't even know who you really are, because you've only ever done what you're told. Never had sex, never had fun, never done anything you weren't supposed to. You, Liliana, are just a sheltered, spoiled, naive, little girl."
I swallowed hard at his words. Some of which hit really close to my deepest insecurities. But there was only one point I could focus on.
"I'm not a virgin."