So I keep getting questions on if my stories are true. My first 2 ARE NOT based on any actual events....BUT....I do have a few stories that really did happen. So because a few people asked, I'll present to you...
The Zelda Series
Any story with the name Zelda is based on a real event. Obviously the name(s) have been changed, but the story nonetheless is true. I won't describe what she looks like (you can fantasy about that yourself), but just remember...every word (give or take), are based on actual accounts.
So without any further ado, I present to you...Zelda!!!
Zelda arrived at work timid and nervous. "What if someone finds out" she spoke to herself softly. She checked her watch as she sat down. 9:16am. In a few hours, Zelda would do something she never thought she'd have the courage to do...but always fantasized about.
As she prepared her work station, her boss came over for a small morning chat. Unlike normal days, today each question seemed as if he was ponging her about her "hidden" fantasy. Zelda tried her best to answer every question calmly.
"How are you today?" her boss started.
"...fine..."
"Long day yesterday eh Zelda?"
"...yes..."
Zelda kept her eyes from meeting her boss. She didn't want to give herself any chance of giving away her plans for lunch.
The day moved slowly, which was excruciating for poor Zelda. Because of this she had time to think about what she would do over and over again....how could this have happened to her?
It started with a simple yet exotic question.
"Do you want me to call you master?" Zelda had asked her friend one night in the middle of a passionate sex sequence. The guy smirked and said nothing. Did that mean on? Instead of saying anything, the man grabbed her throat and looked into her eyes. That was the only answer she needed.
Since then, he had given her "tasks" to accomplish throughout her day / week / month, and she had obliged. Each week the "tasks" became more and more outrageous. Each week Zelda found out more and more how much she loved being told what to do.
Zelda felt her panties slightly moisten at the thought of her previous "tasks" and the one she would accomplish today.
"Have you ever been caught?" Zelda's master asked one night over diner. She nodded no.
"Do you want to be caught?"
Zelda didn't speak. Her master watched her for a moment. "Why don't we see how close you can get?"
Zelda became nervously excited with this proposition. "What do you want me to do?" she asked.
"How about this.." her master started. She could tell he had thought about this for a while. "Masturbate in your office bathroom stall...with the door open."
Zelda stared at him for a moment. "I....I'm not ready for that.." she whispered. Her master looked at her for a few seconds and nodded to himself. "I think you are." He encouraged. "You've done alot already, and you've talked about how you want to masturbate at work before...you can do this....you WANT to do this!"
Zelda knew it was true. A few weeks ago when her master had made her go a full week with no panties while wearing skirts to work, she found herself dripping all day. It was so bad, every time she took a seat, her pussy would rub against the chair and distract her.
Zelda relented. "Ok. You know me so well." she had told him.
12:32pm
Zelda checked her watch. It was time.
Zelda had thought over her plan for a few days, doing research to make sure she wouldn't get caught...or at least decrease the possibility of being caught. She had finally decided to go just after lunch. Most of the office would be gone and it'd give her time to "get off" before people came back.
She pretended to finish up a bit of extra work. Once there looked to be no one in site, Zelda made her way to the bathroom.
She fumbled with her purse and screened the bathroom. She looked under the stalls to make sure no one else was in the room. After being sure she was alone, Zelda entered the stall at the end of the door and locked it. She took a deep breath and put her purse on the ground.
"I can't believe this" she thought. Zelda next took a moment to look through her purse. There she found her favorite medium sized dildo and held it in her hands.
"OMG, I'm really going to do this." she whispered. Her mind and heart were racing. Her master would be so pleased!
Zelda pulled up her skirt and put one long finger into her pussy. She slowly took it out and looked at the small cream already on her finger. "Wow!" she giggled.
She took her dildo and slowly slipped it in next. As much as she tried, she could not hold her moan in. A naughty smile followed soon after.
Door unlocked and opened! Zelda finally recalled after a few more strokes. She stopped herself and nervously unlocked the door. She then pushed the door a bit open and giggled again. Her heart began pounding so loud she could have sworn anyone would hear it outside the bathroom. But she loved it!
Zelda sat back down and let the dildo slide into her, taking every inch. "Oh I wish my master was here." she thought. "I bet he'd give me nice little pussy such a pounding!" she began going faster, watching her pussy cream leak out.
God this feels so good! I want to get fucked so hard!" Zelda screamed to herself. She was so wet she couldn't believe it. She wanted more dildo...more inches...more cock.
"Oh I'm about to cum" Zelda whispered to herself.
....and then someone came in....
Zelda immediately jumped up and closed the door. She peered out to see who it was.
"Fuck!" Zelda thought. She looked down on the bathroom stall to see some of her pussy juices on the ground. Seeing this made her even more wet.
Zelda left the door unlocked but still slightly ajar. She took a seat back on her stall, opened her legs, and thrusted her dildo back inside her. She took out her phone and took a few pictures. "For my master" she thought.
Zelda went back to fucking herself and moaning softly. She could hear the woman in the bathroom next to her. The woman then left her stall and began washing her hands.
Something overtook her. "I have to cum while she's in here" Zelda thought. She began fucking herself deeper....deeper...faster...faster....until...
"AHHHHHHHH!!!" she moaned so loud she knew the woman had heard her. She heard the woman's footsteps stop for a moment...
The woman stood still....and then left....
Zelda looked over her dildo. It was at least half white after she was through with it. There were still pussy juice stains on the floor. This made Zelda smile even more.
She got up, leaving her panties in her purse. She cleaned her dildo off and put it back into her purse. Next she left her stall, washed her hands, and went off to lunch.
SOO THERE U HAVE IT...ABOUT 90% OF THE STORY IS TRUE WITH A FEW SPOTS ADDED FOR THE STORY...
*YES SOMEONE WALKED IN ON ZELDA*YES SHE CAM WITH THE PERSON IN THE BATHROOM*YES THERE WERE PUSSY JUICES ON THE FLOOR*YES ZELDA CAM WITH THE DOOR UNLOCKED AND SLIGHTLY OPEN!!!