As I drove home, following my first unfaithful threesome, cheating on my husband Jim, I could feel my green lace thong slowly getting wetter. I knew I was leaking their cum from both my pussy and arse holes, from where they had both just fucked me at work. Added to that I also knew my panties were still wet from Tony keeping them from me from when we'd last met up and had been tossing off in them, until he'd just given them back to me.
I was thinking of how I was going to get back in to the house before Jim could get his hands on me and find the evidence of what a slut his wife had become. Added to that, I was trying to come up with a plan of getting all three of them to screw me. Jim and I had recently ended up in a threesome, where I got screwed in all my holes by both of them, and Jim was keen to try again. The problem was, he didn't know I'd been getting filled by Tony recently and now Pete, both from work. Or the meeting I'd had with Stewart in a public car park and tossed him off!
So you can see. I am now quite the slut wife.
I got home and could see Jim's car already on the drive. I pulled up behind him and shut the engine off. Climbing out of the car I tried as best I could to straighten my clothes and make myself some way towards looking respectable.
Letting myself in the front door, I kicked of my shoes and made my way to the stairs. As I started to climb them I shouted through, hi, to Jim, who I thought was in the kitchen. Imagine my surprise when he appeared at the top of the stairs in just a towel and a huge grin.
I've been waiting for you babe, he said, gesturing for me to come up to him. I smiled and continued upwards, fearful of what he'd discover. My thighs sticky with both mine and my two lover's cum. The dried cum stains they'd smeared over my body and on my small titties. After all, I still only had on the thin white blouse under my cardigan and I'm sure it was sticking to me where their cum had dried.
As I got to the top, Jim reached out and enveloped me in his strong arms. At that point I felt awful for what I was doing, but I needed it. I needed to be fucked. And fucked by more than one man. I know it's wrong, but it happens.
Jim told me to go and wait in the bedroom while he finished off and to get ready for some fun. As soon as he'd returned to the bathroom, I rushed to our room. I had a plan. Rummaging through my bedside drawer I found my vibrator and some lube. Quickly stripping off I jumped on the bed, coated my cunt in lube and inserted the vibrator in my vagina. Obviously the lube wasn't actually needed, I was trying to disguise my unfaithfulness. The vibrator slipped straight up and in me I was that wet and truth be told, stretched by the fucking I'd not long received.
Jim returned a couple of minutes later, this time just sporting the smile, which grew as rapidly as his cock, in to a huge grin. There was his wife laid out on the bed ramming a vibrator in and out of herself.
My god, you don't waste any time, he said to me as he leapt on the bed next to me. Taking hold of the vibrator he took over sliding it in and out of me, so I lay back and enjoyed the sensation. My pussy was still hot from my earlier session and soon I could feel the tell tale signs of my orgasm approaching. Jim switched speeds on the vibrator and started rubbing it around my clit. That did it for me. My toes curls and I grabbed hold of the sheets as I shuddered through my orgasm. Before it had even subsided Jim was on me, sliding his cock in to me.
As I came back down to earth I felt something was different. I quickly realised the dirty bastard had left the vibrator in my pussy when he entered me. I was being fucked by two cocks in my cunt. Throwing my arms around him, I pulled him down to me so I could kiss him. I know he loves that. Pulling him down though only increased his pressure on the vibrator, forcing it further inside me. I looked at his face and it was pure lust. Did he know something? Did he suspect? All I knew was that he was rutting me like a wild animal. Something he hasn't done for a while.
With his thrusts getting more forceful, I tried to hump him back. Neither of us could last long like this. It was a new experience and I loved it. My poor pussy was really taking a battering and I knew I would be soaking both Jim and the bed. All too soon it happened. My orgasm hit me, clenching on to Jim's cock sent him over the edge too, as he filled me with his spunk. It was so strong I could feel each spurt even though I was stuffed full of cock and vibrator.
I could still feel the vibrator buzzing away deep inside of me as Jim's cock began to subside. As we lay in the after glow of our mutual orgasms, Jim still on top of me, I asked what had brought this on?
Oh. I'd just got to thinking about you, as usual, and then my mind thought about that naughty session we'd had at the hotel with Andrew and I thought I'd try to recreate it for you. And me of course! Hope you liked it?
I loved it, I replied, and I love you. Maybe we could try that again? I suggested, with a sly grin on my face.
Jim looked down at me smiling and asked which, this or the hotel?
My reply was to pull his face down to mine and kiss him deeply, for what seemed like ages. I knew what I was going to get.
At that point nothing more was said about it. We eventually untangled ourselves from each other and got up and cleaned up. Jim had prepared a lovely meal for us and we shared a wonderful bottle of wine together. Now I was feeling really guilty for what I was up to. I loved Jim and certainly didn't want my marriage with him to end, but neither did I want to give up my new slut wife life. I needed to be able to mix the two together.
My plan slowly evolved. Over dinner I told Jim there was a work's do coming up on Saturday night and asked if he wanted to come along with me. Actually there wasn't anything yet, but I was going to organise one now. I told him some of us were going to a local pub where there was a live band playing and one of my other colleagues was in the band. So we wanted to support him. He was up for it, so now all I had to do was find somewhere with a live band. And get Tony and Pete to come along. I then had an even better thought. I still had Stewart's number. I'd invite him along as a customer. Of course the difficulty was would they be able to get away from their wives for the evening. I didn't want them in my way now did I?
The next day I dressed in a similar fashion as Monday for work. Skirt, nice burgundy blouse this time, matching jumper and thong panties. Burgundy, to match my blouse. No bra. My breasts aren't actually that big, around a 34a, but they seem to be getting plenty of attention al the same.
When I got to work I found Tony and asked if he was ok with what had happened last night. Not that it really mattered, but as he was my first extra marital lover for some reason I asked him. Even at around 20 years my senior, at 72, he was still in good shape, could handle himself well and looked after his appearance. After all, I said to him, it's only a bit of fun we're all having, it's not like we're going to be running away anywhere. To which he agreed. I asked him if he was due out on a run today, as I needed a lift somewhere later. His reply was that even if he wasn't he'd find a reason to go out. I quickly kissed him and went up to my office.
Pete was already in the office working away when I entered. He looked up, smiled and said, good morning hot stuff. That felt good. Pete was only a year younger than me, but stood over six feet tall, whereas Tony was around my height, five fourish.
To have these two completely different men drooling over me felt wickedly delicious. I walked over to him and he stood to greet me. Wrapping me in his arms he gave me a wonderful good morning kiss. Only broken when we heard the boss coming up the stairs. With a sly wink Pete sat down and I went over to my desk.
It's a pretty free and easy place to work, so around 10 I told the boss I needed to pop out for a while to get something sorted. He didn't ask what, just said ok see you later. I went down and found Tony and said, right let's go. Where to? He asked. I'll tell you once we're away form here.
Once we were in the van and driving away, I gave Tony directions for where I wanted to go. Across town we traveled, Tony not asking again where we were going. Eventually I told him to pull up and park in a side street. We got out and I led him round the corner and straight in to a tattoo and piercing shop.
The heavily tattooed and pierced owner stood up from behind the counter to greet us. James, as I'd already found out, welcomed us and asked what we were interested in. I told him I'd like some personnel piercings. Ok, he said and led us in to the back room. He was really friendly and put me at ease right away. What can we do for you then?, he asked. I'd like both my nipples pierced, I replied.
He gestured for me to climb up on the couch and to remove my top. As I slid my cardigan and then my blouse off, I thought about what a dirty slut I was. Here, sitting topless in a tattoo studio, with my 72 year old lover, waiting to get my nipples pierced. I hoped Jim would like them, I thought.
James asked me what I'd like. Bars or rings? Rings I replied, not too big, but enough to be noticed and played with, I told him, with a big grin.
James prepared all the instruments and rings. Ever the practical, I'd already checked up on his reviews and was confident he was good and clean. With Tony standing next to me, James came over and started to encourage my nipples to grow. Not that they needed much encouragement in this situation. Once satisfied with their condition he gently squeezed and pulled on my left nipple, lined up his needle and forced it through. I think at that point I must have nearly broken Tony's hand, I was holding on that tight. Quickly replacing the needle with a ring, the job was done.
James quickly repeated the treatment on my right nipple and soon that was pierced too. Finally attaching the ball closures the job was complete. Two nicely pierced nipples with crystal balls. The pain quickly receded and I got up to admire myself in the full length mirror. Very nice I said. Turning to Tony I asked his opinion.
Caught off guard he stuttered some sort of agreement and confirmed he liked them. James then gave me the cleaning and after care instructions. Surprising him, I then said to Tony, time to pay then, before we left. Getting my shocked lover to pay really made me feel in charge, mentally and physically.
We quickly returned to the van and climbed in. Tony, still shocked, sat there until I leaned over and kissed him. Placing my hand on his crotch, I said follow me, as I climbed in to the back on the van. Still looking confused I quickly reached for his trousers and belt, undid them and pulled them and his underwear down.
Kneeling down in front of him in the back of the old van I took his cock in to my mouth. That got his attention and his cock rapidly grew to full erection, as I buried my face in his neatly trimmed pubes.
What a filthy whore, I thought to myself. Kneeling in the back of an old works van, blowing a guy old enough to be my father, having just taken him to get my nipples pierced. But I was loving it. I'd often ridiculed my Jim whenever he commented on an attractive lady, telling him he would be old enough to be their dad and here I was doing the same.
Still keeping his cock buried in my face I reached up for his hands and gently guided them in my blouse and on to my breasts. Tenderly he began to slowly fondle my little titties, caressing his hands over my erect, but very tender nipples. As soon as he felt them I knew he wouldn't last long. His cock appeared to grow and get even harder in my mouth. Then he shuddered and I felt the first spurts of his cum hit the back of my throat. Doubling my action on him, I soon encouraged him to pump my mouth full of his seed. I swallowed it all and loved it.
Once he'd finished I sat back on my heels and looked up at him. Did you enjoy that, I asked, licking my lips. Most definitely, he replied. Good, I told him, that'll be all for you for a few days, but don't worry, there'll be plenty more if you want it?
I got up, kissed him and thanked him for my new jewelry, but said we best be getting back to work.
We drove back in almost silence. I don't think he really knew what to say. I know I shocked him with that, but I also knew my day wasn't over yet. I still had more planned.
When we got back, all was normal. Well as normal as things can be for a filthy cheating whore, working with two guys and cocks that had fucked every one of my holes. I looked at the clock and was surprised to see we'd only been gone around 45 minutes. Wow!
Meanwhile back to work. About an hour later the boss announced he was off to meet a client and would be back after lunch. Great, I thought, plenty of time for plan B.
Once I was sure he was gone and not coming back, I asked Pete if he could run me in to town in the van to pick up some bits and pieces. Only too keen to have me on his own, he readily accepted. Great, meet me outside in five minutes, I told him and then rushed off to the ladies room. Once in there I couldn't help but check out my new piercings in the mirror. I gently played with them for a moment, carefully scrutinising each one. They felt and looked great and I could feel myself getting wet at the experience. No time for this now, I thought to myself, so I quickly cleaned and tidied myself up and went out and joined Pete in the van.
Again giving directions of where to go, I had Pete park up in the same side street as earlier. Turning to him and kissing him, I said come with me. Walking hand in hand I led him in to the tattoo shop. It must have been a quiet day, as James was still sat behind the counter. Standing up he did a double take at the sight of me again, but this time with a different guy. Thankfully he didn't say anything to give the game away. He asked me how he could help and what I was interested in. I'd like a piercing, I told him. So off we went again in to the back room, as I dragged Pete behind me looking perplexed.
As soon as we were in there I said, I'd like a clit piercing please. Before anyone had chance to say anything I reached up under my skirt and pulled my thong down and off. Handing the tiny garment to Pete I hiked my skirt up and jumped up on the couch again. Sitting there this time, with my new lover and the tattoo artist, with my naked shaved cunt on full view. I think forgetting himself, James said, very nice, my pleasure. He'd obviously realised what a slut I was, coming in with two different guys.
James quickly prepared his bits and pieces. Opening his instruments he asked me to lay back on the couch, put my heels together and to spread my knees. Pete was stood at the top of the couch, so I reached back over my head and took hold of his hand. James then leaned down and began to attend to my clit. With the fingers of his left hand he took hold of my clit and started to gently arouse me. I then felt a finger from his right hand circle my pussy lips, gradually centering in on my now very moist opening. With the clit stimulation and his finger beginning to invade my pussy, I was in heaven.
Looking up in to my face, James removed his right finger and picked something up. I soon realised what it was as he used the needle to pierce my engorged clit. It was so quick and such a shock after the stimulation, I actually came as he pierced me. Fucking hell, I thought as I shuddered through it. Once I was still again, James slipped the ring through the hole he'd just created and added the ball closure. All done, I just lay there sweating and panting, as he handed me a mirror to admire his handiwork.
Very nice, I said, admiring my new look. Reaching back to Pete, I took my thong from him and slipped it over my feet and slid it up my thighs. Raising my bum from the bed I settled it carefully in to place, then jumped down to the floor. This time I got Pete to pay for my jewelry. As we left James thanked us for our custom and said to come back anytime.
Back in the van, I also dragged Pete in to the back and repeated my earlier performance on him. This time though I guided his hand down to my panties as I blew him. He was still unaware of my nipple piercings, as he carefully stroked my pussy and new clit piercing.
Once I'd got him to blow his load down my throat, along with Tony's, I repeated to him that that would also be all for him for a few days. Once satisfied I'd drained his balls of all he had, we tidied ourselves and made our way back to work. That afternoon passed in a surreal way, and 5 o'clock came round quite quickly.
I knew I'd be home before Jim today as he had an out of town meeting. Once in, I ran myself a warm bath and had a soak, carefully tending to my new adornments. As I dried myself off, Jim rang to say he was held up and would be in as soon as he could. I finished off and went to prepare some dinner. Jim eventually managed to get home around 10, after an awful journey. Too knackered for sex, we snuggled up on the sofa after dinner, so I decided to hold off on telling him what I'd been up to today.
The next day at work I set to trying to find any suitable venues for Saturday. Eventually I found one, but it was in the next town. On the plus side there was a hotel next door. When the boss went down to the shop floor, I turned to Pete and asked if he was up for some fun at the weekend. I told him about the gig and the fact that there was lodging on-site, but didn't mention that Jim was coming along too. He quickly accepted, without even checking with his other half and told me I'd be in for some serious action. Next I went and sought out Tony and told him the same details. He said he'd get back to me asap, but didn't think he'd have a problem. That just left a quick text to Stewart, giving him the same details if he was up for it.
After lunch, Tony stopped by to confirm he was all good for Saturday and that he couldn't wait. He asked, on the off-chance, if there was any chance of hooking up before then, but hard as it was I politely declined, but did offer him a quick peek at my titties.