The phone woke me up at 4:20 in the morning. It was Rita, the night nurse, to say that Harvey Reybine, the Hollywood producer, had died in his sleep in his Bel Air home. That was upsetting because I liked Harvey. More upsetting was that I was out of a job. For two years I'd been spending a few hours each evening doing odd jobs, like setting up movies in his screening room, or mixing drinks, or going through his mail. Mostly just keeping him company. I'd met him when he spoke to one of my UCLA film classes, and I'd fallen into one of the easiest jobs I'd ever have, or ever would, most likely. He'd been paying me $500 a week.
The immediate problem was that I needed maybe another three thousand to get through my final semester, and my job had died in the night along with Harvey. There'd be no severance, I was sure. His kids hated me.
Since I was up anyway I went for a run, and then to my morning classes. I'd have to start right away this afternoon finding another job, and it would have to be one that fit my class schedule. Not easy with 40,000 or so UCLA students, probably 10,000 of them competing for part-time jobs. And, with the semester half over, most of those jobs were already taken.
I stopped at the Campus Caffeinator on the way to my apartment to scan their bulletin board. The first notice I found wasn't even 10 hours a week. Not even close to what I needed. Something at Home Depot, too, but that was in Inglewood, and I didn't have a car. A bunch of scams were there, obvious by their ridiculous hourly pay for stay-at-home work.
Then I saw something interesting: "Wanted: Multidisciplinary ARSD/CSE medical research subject, male, age 20 - 35, excellent health. $2000 for two-hour session. South Coast Institute. 925-555-3485."
I'd never heard of the South Coast Institute, but Google said they were just off campus near the medical school. I Googled ARSD and CSE but came up with nothing medicine related. But, wow, $2000! I called the number.
"South Coast Institute. How may I help you?"
"Hmmmm... I saw a notice for something called ARSD/CSE medical research. Can you tell me something about how I can apply for it?"
"Well, all our subject requirements are on our website. It's a long URL, but just Google South Coast Institute and you'll find it. Click on Research Projects, and you'll find the list. If you're a match for anything there, fill out the online form and we'll get back to you."
"OK, well, thanks." I hung up and brought up the website on my phone. There were dozens of projects. This was getting complicated. I put my phone away and went home so I could use my laptop.
There were only three things for me since I wasn't over 65, or gay, or a woman, or part of a couple, or a vet. One was a running study, but it paid only $50. There was a sleep study that paid more, $200 per night, but only for a maximum of two nights. Then there was the ARSD/CSE item, with its huge payout. I filled out the form and submitted it, with no idea what ARSD/CSE was. I didn't care.
Two days later I got an email back, with some appointment times to choose from. That was fast! I chose Tuesday, the 27th at 10am. In a few days, I'd find out what this was all about.
On Tuesday I walked across campus, past the medical school, to a large two-story glass and steel building. It could be mistaken for part of UCLA, but it was on the other side of Hilgard Ave. The receptionist sent me upstairs to the Reproductive Medicine department. I opened the door and found another receptionist.
"I'm Ken Laurent, here to interview for the ARSD/CSE project."
The cute girl behind the desk, probably an undergraduate, looked at a list. "Yes, Mr. Laurent. Please have a seat. Ms. Coates will be with you in just a few minutes."
It was just a few minutes. I was approached by an incredibly attractive woman in a white nurse's dress. Maybe it was an off-the-rack uniform, but it fit her curvy body perfectly. She had red hair, braided and tied into a bun, which was something older women did, but, for her, it was stunning. She looked to be about 30.
"This way, Mr. Laurent. Please follow me."
She opened a door to the inner offices and led me to a small room with just enough space for a table and two chairs. She took one and I took the other, across the table from her. She opened the folder on the desk and began going through a list.
"Mr. Laurent, there are some disclosures and agreements we need to go through, and then I have a bunch of questions for you. If that all checks out, I'll conduct a brief physical exam, and then I think I can let you know whether you qualify for the study. Is that OK?"
I'm not sure my thinking was totally clear, so stunning was this Ms. Coates. But, hell, if she wanted to interview me in this small room, then I was all for it. "Yeah, sure." I tried to sound casual. In fact, I was sure my heart rate was up. Would the physical include pulse or blood pressure?
"This study will be conducted by Dr. Christine Howard, who's a Professor of Reproductive Anatomy at the medical school. When she's not teaching, she does research on the male reproductive system."
"That explains why you need male subjects, I guess." I was trying to be clever, but as soon as I said the words I realized they sounded stupid.
Ms. Coates looked up with a frown. "Yes," was all she said in response. She went on with her disclosures. "Dr. Howard will be performing some procedures on your genital organs, but nothing will be painful or result in lasting harm. Nothing invasive."
I was afraid my genitals might be involved, ever since I'd been directed to the Reproductive department. Now I wasn't so sure I wanted to do this. Yeah, it was $2000, but I'd never been naked before in front of a woman. I'd had sex, of course, but in mostly darkness.
"So Dr. Howard will be operating on my genitals?" I asked.
"No, not operating. Just some procedures that will be applied externally."
"OK," I managed to say. Talking about my genitals with Ms. Coates was starting to get me hard. I was glad the table was there. "Go on, please. I assume there's more?"
"Dr. Howard may be assisted by other personnel as required by the study. Is that OK?"
"Only as required, right?" Somehow that made it better.
"Absolutely. This is a fairly advanced study, and there are some specialists that Dr. Howard will be relying on."
"OK, I guess." Ms. Coates's appearance was muddling my brain, and I found it hard to think objectively. Was I really OK with being naked for Dr. Howard and her specialists? It seemed scary, but, as I looked at Ms. Coates, it also seemed kind of erotic. Now I was completely hard.
Ms. Coates continued. "So, you're OK with what I've said so far?"
"Yes, all good," I said.
"Excellent. One more thing. Once the study begins, you agree to comply with all requests from Dr. Howard, from her staff, and from me, even if you find them a little awkward. I say it that way because we've found that some men suddenly turn shy, and that becomes a huge waste of time for everyone. Dr. Howard is a busy person! Once you commit, you need to stay committed. Can you do that? Please take a moment to think through what I'm saying."
I did take a moment but spent it looking as Ms. Coates, who looked right back at me with a dreamy stare. Well, it probably was a professional stare, but everything about her was dreamy to me. "I agree," I said. Did I? Well, hell, I'd said it, so I guess I did. What on earth had I agreed to?
Ms. Coates took out a form from her folder. "I have some interview questions for you, and then, if it looks OK, I'll ask you to sign a document that says in writing what we just agreed to orally."
The questions were reasonable enough. My parents, siblings, where I grew up, where I went to school, medical history, my studies at UCLA, even my religion. The only personal stuff was about my sexual history, but it was normal, even conservative, for UCLA so I didn't find the questions intrusive.
Finally, the form was finished. She placed a document in front of me. I glanced at it, and it was just a list of the disclosures and agreements that we'd already gone through. I signed it.
Ms. Coates moved her chair to my side of the table, where it barely fit, and said, "Mr. Laurent, please stand up and lower your trousers and shorts. I need to check that your penis meets Dr. Howard's requirements. You can fold your chair and lean it against the wall."
Fortunately, the interview questions had distracted me enough so my cock was only semi-hard. I stood up, but froze, with my hands to my side.
"Mr. Laurent, we just agreed that you'd do whatever we asked, right? So, I need for you to do what I asked. Really, I can tell you that Dr. Howard is going to get mad at me if I turn someone over to her who isn't cooperative. You understand?"
I did. This gorgeous woman wanted to examine my penis. I felt a rush of blood to my head. But, I had no choice, did I? I dropped my pants and pulled down my briefs. My cock, now almost hard, sprung out.
Ms. Coates looked down at it and said, "That's alright, Mr. Laurent. Male erections are central to Dr. Howard's study, so your ability to have one is one of the things I need to check. And, you've passed." She looked up and smiled. I got harder.
Ms. Coates held my balls gently while she pulled them away from my groin, stretching my scrotum. She reached behind them and squeezed the tubes or whatever they were at the bottom of my scrotum. "Very good," she said. "Now can you get fully erect for me?" She wrapped her right hand around my shaft and started sliding it gently. "Tell me when you think you're fully erect."
I thought of lying, so she'd keep stroking, but I was obviously rock hard. "I'm there," I managed to say.
Ms. Coates took out a plastic device that looked like something a carpenter would use. She pressed one end at the base of my penis, forcing it down against my groin. The other end slid back and forth. She closed it so the end just contacted the tip of my glans, and read off a number from the digital readout. "Fifteen centimeters," she said. "About average, and within Dr. Howard's range. I'm not sure about circumference, though. You're thick."
This was the first comment Ms. Coates had made about my appearance. I was sure I'd gotten even harder, but I didn't want to ask her to measure me again. She put a tape measure around my shaft, once at the bottom, and then re-measured me at the top. "Thirteen-seven," she said. "My paper here says thirteen-five is the limit. I'd better make a call."
She took out her phone and placed the call. "Abby here. Is Suzy around?" There was a pause, presumably to await Suzy. "Suzy, it's Abby. I'm interviewing a young man here for ARSD/CSE. Girth of thirteen-seven. My notes say thirteen-five is the limit."
Suzy was saying something, but I could hear only Ms. Coates's end. "About fifteen." Another pause. "So you can go two centimeters over? ... Yeah, I'd say so. Well qualified in all other ways."
Ms. Coates, who's first name I now knew was Abby, put her phone away. "It'll work."
"Who's Suzy?" I asked.
"Suzanne Katz, the team's biomedical engineer. She designed the ARSD. It can go to thirteen-seven, so she says it'll be OK."
"ARSD?" I asked. "What is that, anyway? And what's CSE?"
"I don't know the technical stuff. You'll have to ask Suzy when you see her." She looked through her folder and found what looked like a technical paper from a journal. "Automated Response Suppression Device. No idea what that means, but penis girth is somehow relevant. Maybe it fits around your penis. As I said, Suzy will explain when she sees you."
"And CSE?"
More looking through the folder. "Computerized Stimulation Enclosure. I think that's Dr. Howard's thing. Again, not a clue as to what it is, but I don't have any qualification items for it, so I guess it's one-size-fits-all." She laughed, for the first time since we'd begun.
"You said Suzy would see me. So, am I in?"
"As a matter of fact, you are. You're qualified, you're not too big or small, and they've been pressuring us to get somebody they can work on, so, yes, you are in. Are you available on Friday afternoon at two?"
My rent was due on Saturday, my Friday afternoon scriptwriting class I could skip, so I said I was.
"Then we're set. But, one thing you have to do. You have to shave your genitals. Have you ever done that?"
"No, I haven't."
"It's not hard with the right equipment." Ms. Coates grabbed my scrotum and pulled it. "The long hairs here and around your groin you should get with a body shaver or beard trimmer. You can use a comb and scissors, but it's hard to see what you're doing. Maybe a friend can help?"
"I'll do it myself. I have a beard trimmer."
She was still pulling my scrotum. She ran a finger along my shaft. "Most men don't have any hair on the penis itself. I don't see any, so nothing to deal with here."
I couldn't believe this sexy woman and I were discussing my penis and balls as though they were inanimate objects, rather than my sex organs.
"After you use the trimmer, sit in a tub of warm water for a few minutes to soften the hairs. Or, a hot shower if you don't have a tub. Then just use shaving lotion and a razor. I'd recommend a throwaway if you don't already shave with a razor. If you do, make sure you use a new blade. Go very slowly, and make sure you put a little tension on your scrotum."
"Thanks for the tips. Can I get dressed now?" My erection hadn't gone away. Not with Ms. Coates around.
"Oh, yes, by all means. Show up here by 1:45 on Friday, shaved, and showered. I mean, shaved down there. You'll be here for a couple of hours, so you'll want to have had lunch."
Ms. Coates said goodbye and left the room. I pulled my briefs and pants up, took the folder of papers she'd left for me, and went back across campus to my apartment. Of course, I immediately stripped and jerked off.
All the rest of the day, actually, the whole time as I was waiting for Friday, I couldn't quite come to terms with what was happening to me. I'd just been naked and had my balls and penis handled by Ms. Coates, and yet I seemed to be OK with it. That was so strange. I should have been frightened, or nervous, or embarrassed, or even humiliated by the measuring. But I honestly didn't feel any of those things. I felt excited and stimulated, in a good way.
On Thursday I shaved my balls. It took a couple of hours, mostly because I was afraid of what the razor was going to do. I cut myself only twice.
What in the world was that ARSD that was just barely going to fit my penis? I translated 13.7 centimeters to 5.7 inches. According to a few web sites, that was indeed very thick. So, if nothing else I knew one thing: That my average-length cock was way above average in thickness. No, I knew two things. The other thing was I liked being naked. How naked I guessed I would find out on Friday.
Finally, Friday morning came. We saw a documentary in my Post-War Japanese Cinema class, but I couldn't tell you what it was about. I was too nervous to eat lunch, but I forced myself to ingest a veggie burger. I took a quick shower, took care of a few stray scrotum hairs with my razor, got dressed, and headed across campus to the Institute. I tried not to think of what awaited me there. I wanted to see more of Ms. Coates but figured she was just the interviewer, and she probably had no need to see me. Damn.
That cute Reproductive Medicine receptionist had been replaced by an equally cute different undergrad. They probably worked only a few hours a week. I was used to lots of great looking girls on campus, but the South Coast Institute seemed to have the cream of the crop. I figured I was going to see Suzy and Dr. Howard. What would they be like? And, why all women? Maybe I could ask about that.
After a short wait, two females approached. One had short brown hair and was flat-chested but in a sexy way. She was wearing tight jeans. Her glasses were back on top of her head. She was Asian, probably Korean, like my girlfriend I'd broken up with last year. The other had long blonde hair that framed her high-cheek-boned face. Strangely, for a professional office like this one, she was wearing very short shorts, exposing slim legs that seemed to go on forever. Her T-shirt was tight around her perfect breasts.
The blonde smiled and spoke first. "I'm Suzanne Katz. Everybody calls me Suzy. This is Yejun Keem. I'm a biomedical engineer, on the staff here at the Institute. Yejun is a staff computer programmer."
"I'm Ken Laurent," I said.
"Yes, we know. We've been expecting you, and we've planned today's experiments with you in mind."
I was alarmed at the use of the term "experiments." I preferred Ms. Coates's term, "procedures." I asked, "Experiments?"
Suzy answered, "Two main ones. First, the ARSD. Yejun and I will take some time to set it up and calibrate it. Then we'll call in Dr. Howard, who wants to test her CSE."
I'd forgotten what those letters stood for, and I wanted to hear the explanation from Suzy, anyway. "What are ARSD and CSE. Ms. Coates told me, but I forgot."
Yejun supplied the answer. She may have been Korean, but she spoke with a Texas accent. She'd obviously been born in the US. "Automated Response Suppression Device, which is what I wrote the program for. Suzy did the mechanical engineering and fabrication. It senses male sexual response and suppresses it. So, it basically does what the name says."
"It's some kind of drug? Like a sort of Viagra opposite?"
"No, no, no," said Suzy. "It's instantly reactive and entirely mechanical and electrical. When your penis starts to react to stimulation, it senses the response, feeds the data to Yejun's program, and then a different electrical signal suppresses the response."
"You mean I get shocked?"
Suzy continued. "No, it's very low voltage, and you won't feel anything from the device. But if you think of your penis approaching an edge, it will back away instead of falling off."
"And this thing actually works?" I asked.
Yejun answered. "On apes. You're the first human subject. But, there's no danger. For you, anyway. For us, it might not work, and that will set us back. Actually, Dr. Howard has said more than once that she doesn't believe it will work. That's why she's not here now. If we get it to work, we'll call her."
I was worried. "So, if I understand, you two are going to try something on me that you've never tried before on a human, and the Professor doesn't even think it's going to work? What, you're going to play around with me while you're figuring things out?"
Suzy smiled, but it was a nervous smile. "Not that bad, don't worry. Mechanically, the device will slip on easily. That's why Abby took your measurements. It's just that we'll need some time, maybe an hour at most, to calibrate Yejun's program."
Yejun looked impatient. "Maybe we should get started. We can explain more as we go along. You already agreed to work with us, remember?"
She didn't say it rudely, but more as a plea. I wanted to help these lovely young women as much as I could. "OK," I said.
"Any more questions?" asked Suzy.
"Well, yeah, I guess. It seems that everyone here is female. Except for me, that is."
"The Institute was founded in 1925 by Henrietta Barkley. Maybe you've heard of her? The first licensed woman surgeon in California. Anyway, she thought more women should be allowed into medical training, so she set up this Institute to employ only women."
"That's legal in California?" I asked.
"Must be. Somehow, that's the way we operate. If you have no other questions right now, we need to get going. If anything else comes up, just ask."
I followed the women down the same hall I'd been to on Tuesday, but to a larger room with not much in it other than a large massage-type bed in the middle, some folding chairs, and a wheeled rack with what looked like a bunch of computers and other stuff on it.
"Please take off your clothes," said Suzy, when we were inside the room.
"Do I wear a gown?" I asked.
"No, we need you naked. A gown would just get in the way. If you're cold, we can put a blanket on your legs and chest, but we need your middle exposed."
So, it begins, I thought. Oh, well, here goes... I went to the corner, undressed, and put my clothes on a folding chair. Then I turned to face the two women. Now that I was naked, I saw them differently, more as young women than as medical specialists. I couldn't take my eyes off of Suzy's long, sexy legs. Yejun looked like the most alluring computer programmer imaginable. My penis started to twitch, and within seconds it was partially erect.
"Up on the bed, please," said Suzy. "On your back, of course."
I lay down on the bed, penis now aimed at a 45-degree angle towards the ceiling.
Yejun put a small pillow under each of my knees. "You'll be more comfortable this way," she said. "Do you want a pillow in the small of your back?" I nodded, and she put one there, too. "Are you comfortable?"
"Yeah, I guess so," I said. I was as comfortable as a man as exposed as I was could be, I thought.
Yejun pulled my right leg towards the edge of the bed, reached underneath, and started to attach a strap.
"What are you doing?" I asked, rather sharply.
"Institute rules," said Suzy. "We have to restrain your legs and arms. Don't worry, it won't be too tight, and you can still move a little."
"Why?" I asked.
"For safety," said Suzy. "A few years ago one of our staffers touched a man when he wasn't expecting it, he reacted, and she got kicked in the stomach. So, under the new rules, we have to strap your limbs."
Yejun did my left leg. Suzy gently pulled my arms back and strapped them to just above my head. So now my legs were spread, I was strapped down, and my cock and balls were even more exposed than before if that were possible.
"You're still comfortable?" asked Suzy. I nodded. "Well, then, we'll start." I looked down at my cock, hoping it wouldn't be abused.
Suzy took what looked like a stainless steel band from a plastic tray. She put a few drops of lubricant on its inside and spread it around. She held the band in her left hand and somewhat delicately held my penis with her right hand. "This slips on easily if you're erect. And, looks like you are, so let's give it a try."
Suzy put the slippery band over my cock and slid it all the way down. Yejun pulled my balls away so my scrotum wouldn't interfere with the fit.
Their hands felt amazing. At the same time, it seemed that my cock and balls were nothing more than anatomical objects to them. Somehow, that made it even sexier. There was no denying it, as awkward as my nakedness was, and as vulnerable as I felt being strapped down, I was also turned on.
"Good," said Suzy, as she pulled my penis and pushed on the band. "Abby got your measurement exactly right. It's in place. Now we have to secure it."
Yejun and Suzy worked together to fasten a thin plastic strap under my balls, attaching it to the steel band. Then they attached a second strap from the midpoint of the first so it separated my balls and latched to the bottom edge of the band. When they were done, the band was held down by the straps, and my balls trapped by the two plastic straps.
"We're not especially concerned with your testicles in this experiment," said Suzy. "We just need them out of the way, and the ARSD held down, so I came up with this design. Looks like it's working pretty well. It doesn't hurt, does it?"
"No, it's OK," I said. "So, that steel band is the ARSD?"
"Exactly," said Yejun. "You can't really see it, but it's got a ring of sensors that react to your epidermal galvanic signaling, and a set of electrodes that impart a small voltage to your penis. The idea is that we can measure your sexual response, and then suppress it with the voltage. It's all controlled by a program I wrote, that'll run on this computer here. It's a wireless connection, using near-field transmission. So, you can see where the name Automated Response Suppression Device came from."
The whole time she was explaining this, she was holding my penis with her left hand while she pointed to the ARSD with the forefinger of her right hand. She might as well have been explaining how a toaster or doorbell worked.
Suzy was clicking away on the computer. After a few minutes, she said, "It's connected, Yejun. Well, the driver is, anyway. You want to bring up your app?"
Yejun let go of my penis and moved over to the computer and typed some sort of command. "Launched," she said. The screen was taken over by two large meters. "Try some stimulation."
I was still hard as a rock. Suzy moved to the other side of the bed and stroked my cock with a finger. The right needle moved. "You got that, I see," said Suzy.
"Definitely," said Yejun. "Do some more."
Suzy squeezed my shaft. The needle, which had fallen back when she'd let go, now moved even farther than it had before.
Yejun said, "Bigger response. Try the glans."
Suzy let go and the needle dropped. Then she put the tip of her forefinger in the opening at the end of my glans and started to work it around. The needle jumped again.
"Very good," said Yejun. "Let's get a baseline away from his genitals."
Suzy stoked my ankles, my knees, my chest, and my forehead. The needle jumped a bit, but not far from its rest position.
"Non-erotic," said Yejun. "Do his penis again."
Suzy grabbed my penis, harder than I think she needed to, and the needle pinned itself to the right. I had only one thought in my head: I wanted Suzy to continue until I came, ideally with Yejun working my balls at the same time. But it didn't happen. Suzy let go, and the needle dropped back. I would have jerked off at that point, with the girls watching, but my arms were firmly strapped down. I was helpless.
"OK, let's try the suppression," said Yejun. She moved an indicator with the mouse pointer. "Can you feel anything, Mr. Laurent?"
I didn't feel anything, other than extreme sexual excitement. "You mean like a shock?" I asked.
"Well, I guess so, but the voltage is so low that I'd be surprised if you did," said Yejun.
"I don't," I admitted. I hadn't realized it, but my erection had started to go down.
Suzy noticed it, too. "It's working, Yejun! He's going back down."
Yejun clicked something on the screen. "Bring him back," she said.
Suzy started stroking my shaft while she fingered my constrained balls. I got hard right away. Yejun was watching. "Let go," she said. Suzy did so, but I stayed hard. Then Yejun clicked the mouse, and I saw that the left needle on the screen started to move. At the same time, I lost my erection.
"I think it's actually working," said Suzy, with a smile. "You want to start the feedback loop?"
"What's that?" I asked.
"That's the A, the Automation. We can excite you sexually, and we can turn it off. So, we're going to connect the two with Yejun's algorithm. I should be able to stimulate you without you're coming. It's not scientific, because, well, maybe I'm not sexy enough. But, it's at least gives us a rough idea if the ARSD is working the way it's supposed to."
"OK, it's engaged," said Yejun. "Go for it."
"OK, Mr. Laurent, you just relax and think sexy thoughts. I'm going to do everything I can to make you come. If the ARSD works, you won't. You'll want to, but you won't."
Suzy got up on the bed, straddling me so that her long legs lay along mine, which were, of course, still strapped down. She lubricated her hands and started stroking my cock. Yejun alternated between looking at my penis and the meters on the screen.
I'd never felt anything so wonderful in my life. Now I knew why Suzy was wearing short shorts and a tight top. Her hands were like magic. She stroked, squeezed, twisted, and pulled. My entire body stiffened, to the point where I had lifted myself off the bed, even with Suzy's weight on me.
Suzy kept it up for ten minutes. I didn't understand how my penis could be handled the way she was doing it without exploding. I kept going right to the edge and dropping back. It seemed like I must have been cycled that way fifty times. But nothing. Just endless penis play from sexy Suzy. Finally, she let go and got off the bed.
"Yejun, I've never not been able to bring a man off. I think the ARSD works!"
"Seems that way," said Yejun. "Mr. Laurent, how was it for you?"
I could hardly talk. "It felt great," I said. "I wanted to come, but couldn't."
"Suppression," said Yejun. "Your response needle kept getting pinned, but then it got knocked back down. Must have happened dozens of time. I could see what you were feeling!"
Now I had no choice but to plead. "Do I get to come?" I asked.
"No, sorry," said Suzy. "That would compromise the experiment. It's time for Dr. Howard." She took out her phone and sent a text.
A few minutes later two more women entered the room. One was slightly older, maybe in her thirties. She had short brown hair and was as good looking as every other woman I'd seen at the Institute. The younger one was a cuter version of Suzy. Maybe in her late twenties, with long honey blonde hair and, since her skirt was short, I could see that she had incredible legs.
So now four knockout women were gathered around the bed, on which I was spread-eagled and naked. All four were mostly there for my penis.
I had guessed correctly that the older woman was Dr. Howard. She introduced herself. "I'm Christine Howard, Mr. Laurent. And this is Janet Garcia, an intern very interested in our research. Suzy tells me her ARSD device works. Maybe she also told you that I didn't believe it would, so I've got to see for myself. Suzy, you want to show me and Janet? First, tell Janet what we're looking at."
Suzy pointed to the steel band. "This is the device, held in place by two plastic straps around the testicles. The sensors are connected to that needle on the right, and the suppressor to the needle on the left."
Dr. Howard held my penis with one hand, now nearly erect once again, and examined the band with her other hand. "Why is the needle jumping around?" she asked.
Yejun answered. "Because you're stimulating him."
"Oh, right, of course," said Dr. Howard. "Does it sense how much stimulation?"
"It does," said Yejun. "Go ahead and try."
Dr. Howard started playing with my penis and balls. She alternated between light stroking and firm squeezing, while the other three women looked on. She dragged her fingernails along the entire length of my shaft. She pinched my glans and twisted my cock.
"Very good, Suzy and Yejun. And I say that as a skeptic whom you're rapidly converting. Janet, you try."
Janet and Dr. Howard exchanged places. The young blonde started with one finger, which she ran from the band all the way to my glans. The meter jumped almost all the way to the right. She smiled.
"All that with one finger?" laughed Dr. Howard. "I guess Mr. Laurent likes your finger."
I did. I needed to say something. "Yejun, if Janet keeps doing that, you'd better turn on the suppressor. I don't want to wreck things."
"He's right," said Dr. Howard. "Janet, let go a minute, and Yejun can show us the suppression."
Yejun clicked the mouse, and Janet picked up where she left off. She held my shaft with one hand while she ran two fingers of her other hand along the bottom. She knew a lot about penises. She was better than Suzy if such a thing could be imagined. I wanted nothing more than to come in front of these four females. I was turning into an exhibitionist. Or, maybe not quite that. I just desperately wanted Janet to keep stroking me until I came. But, the suppression worked. I wasn't going to come.
"What do you think, Janet?" asked Dr. Howard.
Janet said pretty much what Suzy had said. "No way a man's not going to come from what I'm doing. So, I say it's working."
"OK, people, let's test it for real. Mr. Laurent, I'm going to attach a CSE, something I've been perfecting for years now. It's used with prostate patients and others who have trouble reaching orgasm. It's never failed. Normally, you'd ejaculate within a minute. If Suzy and Yejun have done what it looks like they have, it'll fail for the first time today."
"Tell me what CSE is again," I said.
"Computerized Stimulation Enclosure." She reached toward the equipment rack and took a plastic collar about three inches long. It had a longitudinal gap so she could spread it apart and put it over my penis, which, thanks to Janet, was now plenty hard enough. She made sure my glans was exposed. A cable ran from the CSE to a gray box. Unlike the ARSD, the CSE looked more like a production appliance. Apparently, somebody had been manufacturing these for a while.
"Tell me when you're ready, Yejun," said Dr. Howard.
"Already am," said Yejun.
Dr. Howard flipped a switch on the gray box. Immediately, I felt rolling vibrations, that's the best I can do to describe them, up and down my penis. The frequency went back and forth between very slow and very fast. At the same time, the collar was squeezing and then releasing.
It felt great. My whole body went limp. My penis was my entire world. It was inside some sort of magical pleasure machine. Suzy, Yejun, Dr. Howard, and Janet had been wonderful, but I'd never felt anything even close to what the CSE was doing. I knew that feeling in the last few seconds just before I come, and that's what it felt like, only sustained, not just for a few seconds.
Dr. Howard left the CSE on for what seemed like forever. The feeling was so intense I began to lose consciousness. I actually did, because the next thing I knew the CSE had been removed and Suzy was gently patting my shoulder.
"Mr. Laurent, are you OK?" she asked.
I opened my eyes to see four very concerned women looking at me. Janet held a cup with a straw so I could drink some water.
In another minute I was able to speak. "Yes, I'm OK. That was too intense."
"No man has ever withstood the CSE for more than two minutes," said Dr. Howard. "You had it for ten." She turned to Suzy and Yejun. "Outstanding work, girls."
Suzy and Yejun were all smiles. "Thank you, Dr. Howard," they said, together.
"Thank you, too, Mr. Laurent," said Dr. Howard. "OK, Suzy, Yejun, and Janet. Let's take a break, and meet in my office at four so we can talk this over. I think we're onto something important. Janet, would you mind freeing Mr. Laurent from the straps and helping him get dressed? He needs to do a tiny bit of paperwork at the desk before he leaves. Again, thank you, Mr. Laurent."
Dr. Howard left, followed by Suzy and Yejun. Janet and I were alone.
"Mr. Laurent, you were amazing. I can't imagine what that must have felt like. To be stimulated with the CSE and not ejaculate. Did you find it exciting? Erotic? Frustrating?"
She was making no move to unstrap me. She just stood at the end of the bed looking down at my penis.
Something was going on. "All three," I said.
"I'm so sorry if it was frustrating. Can I help?"
"Help how?" I asked. I wondered where this was headed.
"Well, if it's OK with you, I'll just take off the ARSD." She reached under my balls, undid the plastic straps, and then slid the steel band off my shaft.
"Anything else you need?" asked Janet, now with a sly grin.
"Like what else?" I played along.
"Well, look, you're still tied up, you're poor cock has been experimented on for a couple of hours, and maybe you need some relief."
Now I knew what Janet, lovely, sweet, angelic, sexy Janet was going to do.
"Go right ahead," I said.
Janet climbed onto the bed and grabbed my penis with both hands. "This won't take long, I'll bet," she said. "I'm better than a CSE."
And, she was. I'd never been so happy to offer up my penis and balls to anyone. I came within a minute, shooting my load all over Janet's neck and face.
"So, you can ejaculate! That's nice to know."
"Thanks, Janet," was all I could say.
"Oh, you're welcome," said Janet. "The least I could do after those mean girls left you like this."
She undid the straps, helped me off the bed, and left me alone to get dressed.
I stopped at the receptionist's desk on the way out. There was an evaluation form, not long, only a few questions. They were about what I'd expected. I answered everything favorably. One last question, "Would I consider participating in a follow-up ARSD/CSE study?"
I answered: "Strongly Agree."
I dropped off the form and the receptionist handed me a check for $2000. I went home to recover.