Joanna reviewed the resume in her office as the law student waited nervously across from her. The prospective summer intern was 24 years old and sat upright with perfect posture. The girl had a genuine curiosity and eagerness which Joanna found refreshing.
"Everything looks good here," Joanna said. "You have a good amount of work experience for someone your age. You seem ambitious and highly motivated; I like that."
Kelly gave a sigh of relief and smiled. "Thank you. I've always had a lot of energy. My mother used to joke that I worked harder than most of her coworkers."
"I can see that. Looks like you've done everything from retail to office work. Even a bit of nonprofit."
"Yeah. I knew early on that I wanted to be a lawyer, and I heard that having a lot of work experience helps with getting into law school and then getting a job afterwards."
Joanna nodded. "That's absolutely right. The field of law is extremely competitive, especially in the city. That brings me to my next question; why do you want to intern at a family law firm?"
"Well, I can certainly understand that family law deals with a lot of personal hardships that people have. But nonetheless, it's something whichhasto be done. If the next generation of lawyers won't step up and show interest in it, then who will? Plus your office is near the BART station, so it's convenient for me to go home after."
They both smiled at the last line.
"Those are some fairly compelling reasons, Kelly," the lawyer replied jokingly. "Especially about my office being so close to BART. God forbid you have to walk a few blocks in heels, right?"
"You've read my mind," Kelly winked.
***
That night. Joanna stayed up late reviewing her notes on the final applicants the way she normally did. As usual, she checked the various social media websites for any additional information she could find.
She quickly flipped through Facebook for the profiles of people who wanted to work for her. Whoever landed the paid internship would be trusted with a lot of confidential information, so due diligence was a must. Sometimes she'd be success in finding their pages, sometimes not.
Before long she found Kelly's Facebook page. There was no privacy setting and Joanna was able to look at all of the pictures. She was impressed by the young woman. Each picture showed Kelly in a positive light. Kelly loved to smile and she loved to be happy. Kelly loved her parents and she wasn't afraid to show it to the world.
Joanna continued to flip through the young woman's profile and she remained impressed. She loved Kelly's exuberance and lust for life. Deep down, a part of Joanna felt envious over the seemingly perfect life that Kelly had. She also couldn't help but notice how pretty Kelly looked.
Unlike previous years, this decision was fairly easy. She picked up the phone to call her new intern.
"Hello," Kelly answered.
"Hi Kelly, it's Joanna. I interviewed you today for the internship position."
"Of course I remember," she replied happily. "I'm glad to hear from you so soon. Was there anything else you needed to know?"
"Well, are you still interested in the summer internship position?"
"I'mveryinterested. I'd love to have my first legal internship with you."
"Good, because after careful consideration of all the applicants, I've decided to give you the spot. Congratulations Kelly."
"Oh wow!" Kelly replied happily. "Thank you so much Joanna. Or do I have to call you Ms. Wald from now on"
"Joanna is fine. We'll be working closely on a lot of issues so we may as well skip the formalities."
"Makes sense. I honestly wasn't expecting this because of how many students at my school are also applying to work for you. Some have a lot of legal experience. So this is great news."
Joanna felt touched by the girl's authenticity. "I'm glad you're so excited. Experience means a lot, but it's not everything. I chose you because of your energy and enthusiasm. I've been a lawyer for a long time and this line of work needs more women like you."
"Women like me?"
"Yes, women likeyou," she replied. "People with great attitudes deserve a shortcut to the top. Believe me, the legal profession has enough sleazy people."
"That really means a lot," Kelly said in a heartfelt tone. "Thank you. It's so encouraging hearing that from an accomplished woman like you. I know it's a lot of work but I promise I won't let you down."
"You'll do fine. Speaking of which, I made this decision earlier than I expected, and the internship doesn't officially start until two weeks. Feel like starting early?"
"You bet!" Kelly stated enthusiastically. "How does Monday sound?"
"Monday sounds great. 9 am. I'll have everything prepared for you by then and you should feel right at home in my office."
"You're not going to regret this. See you then."
"Definitely. Goodnight Kelly."
Joanna ended the call, but her computer was still on Kelly's Facebook profile pictures. The girl was beautiful. She was exuberant and full of life. There was something precious about her that reached out and grabbed Joanna's attention.
***
Friday. The two women sat in Joanna's office after an exhausting morning in court. A heat wave had hit the city as predicted, so a good break time was definitely in need.
"What did you think of your first courtroom experience," Joanna asked as they drank soda together. "Was it everything you expected it to be?"
"It was overwhelming and underwhelming at the same time, if that makes sense. It felt like a huge honor sitting near you. I actually felt like a real lawyer. But at the same time, everything felt so clinical. It's definitely not as exciting as how it looks on tv, but a fun experience overall. I hope to be back."
Joanna smiled, "You're right about that. I agree. It's a novelty at first, but it wears off and you get used to being in a courtroom."
"Do you get used to dealing with family law?" the intern asked. "The divorce cases I mean, does it ever get easier to deal with?"
Joanna faint nodded. "Honestly, it does. When you work in this field long enough, you start becoming immune to certain things. You become callous. But then again, you never really get used to seeing certain aspects."
"Some parts are difficult for me, emotionally speaking. That only makes me want to advocate harder, I hope."
"That's because you're human. That's what I like most about you, and that's why I hired you. A lot of practicing lawyers are only motivated by money. They forget that people's lives are in the mix."
"So what'syourreason?" Kelly asked with a mild suggestiveness.
"What do you mean?"
"You don't have a ring on your finger, which means you aren't married. From what I can see, you spend all your time working, which means you don't have a boyfriend either. Obviously that means you're single. So what's your reason for working all the time?"
Joanna paused for a moment. "None of the above, I suppose. I've always been a workaholic. I'm a perfectionist who's never satisfied. And I did I mention that I work too much?"
"Now that makes sense. Being a workaholic has turned out well for you, since you're always featured in the local media. Isn't that the goal of every lawyer?"
Joanna laughed, "I'll take that as a compliment."
"As you should."
"What about you?" Joanna asked. "Have you ever been in love with a man before?"
"I've been in love before. Butnotwith a man," she smiled.
"You mean..."
"I was in love with a woman before," Kelly replied.
Joanna partially froze and was unsure how to react.
"Oh... That's interesting. There's obviously a lot of gay couples in this city, and I have some gay friends, so you don't have to worry about me judging you, assuming that was a fear of yours."
"If I was worried about you judging me, I wouldn't have said anything."
Joanna snapped out of her awkward mode. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said it like that. You know what I meant. I love gay people."
They both smiled and cringed at Joanna's horrible attempt at having a human moment.
"I'm not gay," Kelly stated. "At least I don't think I am. It was just something that happened. None of my friends know about it. My parentsdefinitelydon't know about it either."
"Your parents sound as conservative as mine."
"Probably. They'd be livid if they ever found out that the 'boyfriend' I was telling them about was actually a girlfriend. You're the only person I've told. I don't know. I feel comfortable talking to you."
"Thanks, I'm glad you've told me this," Joanna smiled. "It's always better to have someone to confide in."
"Especially since I'm a chatterbox. It was tough holding that in and not having someone to tell."
"Now you've made me curious about this whole thing. Mind telling me how it happened?"
"No worries," Kelly smiled. "We're just having a conversation here."
"That sounds about right," she replied.
"It happened during my final year of college. In my Literature class, we were split into groups to do presentations on different topics. One of the girls in my group was Anne. Both of us desperately wanted an A in the class to keep our gpa's high, so we both worked really really hard. We talked a lot outside of class and became friends pretty fast."
"That's actually a common way for a romance to begin. It happens in the workplace all the time."
"I can see why. We used to meet at the campus cafe to discuss our project, but the conversations always turned to our personal lives instead. It felt like we were the only people in the world who understood each other. We eventually discovered that we hadanother thingin common..."
Kelly paused mid-sentence, waiting for her boss to figure it out.
"Both of you were curious," Joanna answered. "Was it what you expected?"
She smiled, "Even better. Her touch was soft and tender. It didn't hurt that Anne was one of the hottest chicks student on campus. All the other boys used to drool whenever she walked by. If they only knew..."
Joanna laughed. "It's always the ones you least expect. I'll admit, I've dated men who turned out to be gay. I was always stunned finding out."
"I know, right? When I moved to San Francisco, it was weird seeing how people were so proud of being gay. But then again, I guess I almost fall into that category since I secretly dated Anne for a year."
"That sounds like a powerful experience. Dealing with these types of situation and growing from them is what makes a woman become a woman."
"Exactly," Kelly said with a nod. "So... what aboutyou? Have you ever thought about being with another lady before? It's a common fantasy."
"No, I haven't," she replied, hoping that Kelly wouldn't notice the fib.
"Oh, well I guess that puts you in the minority of women whohaven'tthought about being with other women."
Joanna forced a smile. "I guess so. I don't find anything wrong with it, or anything you've told me. I think it's great that you found someone to love, and someone who loved you back. Thank you for sharing your story with me."
"I'm glad I could tell someone and feel accepted. I'm so used to sharing my thoughts and feelings with my friends and my mother and my sister. Keeping this to myself was like torture. It was a burden I carried around because I felt like I wasn't able to be myself. But I feel comfortable around you. Thank you."
The two women looked into each other's eyes before standing up for a hug.
***
The rest of Joanna's day was spent thinking about her conversation with Kelly. Before she went to bed that night, she logged on to Facebook to view Kelly's profile once again.
Her view of the young intern had evolved. She no longer thought of Kelly as a lovable law student who worked for her, but as a complex young woman who represented the complexities of human sexuality. Kelly was open minded, adventurous, and wanting to be happy. Kelly was beautiful.
Joanna slid a hand down her panties while looking at the computer monitor. The screen showed a close up picture of Kelly smiling, and Joanna started to masturbate. Like many women, she's had these sorts of fantasies in the past, but never like this. Joanna fantasized about kissing her young intern. She fantasized about kissing the intern's breasts. She fantasized about kissing the intern's vagina. When that was over, Kelly returned the favor in the same fantasy.
That was when Joanna reached her orgasm.
***
Monday early afternoon. The weather became hotter than expected. Everyone at the law firm wore a dressed down version of their normal attire. Joanna and Kelly both wore something similar to each other; office skirts with buttoned tops.
"What do you normally do on hot days?" Joanna asked from behind her desk.
Kelly thought for a moment. "If I'm not working or going to school, I'd probably head to the beach with my friends. Maybe I'd do a little shopping. How about you?"
"Nothing in particular. I grew up in Nevada where it's always hot. So living here in San Francisco is a breeze in comparison. Hot days like this remind me of when I was young. It's a nice feeling and I always try to enjoy it."
"That's great to hear," she replied. "I spent last summer with Anne we went around looking for the best refreshments we could find. We looked on Yelp and everything, and we literally traveled around the city just for fruit drinks and ice cream. It was kind of a small adventure."
Joanna nodded in amusement. "That sounds romantic. I'll tell you what, on a day like today, it would be a crime to keep you trapped in my office. Why don't you go and relax? Enjoy the sun. Maybe you can get yourself something nice to drink on the way home."
"Really? Awesome. Are you taking the rest of the day off too?"
"I don't think so. I'm almost done writing a motion to dismiss."
"If it's almost done, you can finish at night," Kelly said with an eyebrow raised. "I'm not leaving you here along. That would be cruel. We can get a cold drink. My treat, even though I'm kind of broke at the moment. I spent most of my money on nice office clothes, but I've got a little cash left."
Joanna smiled and appreciated the kind gesture. "I can't let you pay. I'm your boss. If you're looking for a cold drink, then how about something at my place? I bought some imported Italian soda and I hear it's great with gelato."
As soon as those words left her mouth, Joanna instantly regretted it. She had recently moved to a stunning little apartment in the downtown area, and she was so used to inviting friends and family over. But her young intern? One that she had masturbated thinking about a few times?
These were ethical dilemmas she had never faced before.
"Your place, eh? Knowing your taste in things, it must be spectacular. Joanna, I accept your offer."
Joanna forced a smile. "Great. My place it is."
***
After walking a few blocks through Market Street, Joanna took Kelly to her fancy downtown apartment. Although it was small, it had a massive window which gave the living room a spacious feel to it. The view was of the ocean along with a nearby apartment building.
"How gorgeous," Kelly noted, looking out through the window.
"It's great during the sunrise with a cup of coffee. That's for sure."
They both took a moment to stand by the window and soak in the million dollar scenery. It was San Francisco at its finest.
"Does that ever..." Kelly's voice trailed away as she gestured to the nearby apartment building. "You know, bother you?"
Joanna laughed it off. "Let's just say that my bedroom is adequately covered. That's what matters most. I'm only in the living room to enjoy the view or socialize with guests. Basically, no one across the street has ever had a peep show from me."
"But they were hoping, I'm sure," Kelly chuckled.
Their eyes peered across the street again to the neighboring building. At that hour, the apartments which had their curtains open were perfectly visible.
"Naturally, when you live in tight city environment, there will be voyeurs. Some by accident. Many on purpose. Speaking of indulgence, shall I get those drinks?"
"I thought you'd never ask."
"Be right back," Joanna said like a gracious host.
She went to the kitchen and grabbed two cups, filling them with Italian soda. For extra richness, she went to the freezer and put a scoop of gelato ice cream in the same cups. Then she went back to the living room to serve her wide-eyed intern.
"Looks amazing," Kelly said, feasting her eyes then taking a sip of the drink. "This is absolutely delicious. Thanks."
"You're very welcome," she replied happily. "Italian soda with strawberry gelato. Have a seat. Relax."
The two women sat down on the couch to continue their conversation.
"So how does this compare to your normal summer drinks with Anne?" Joanna asked.
"It's up there, for sure," Kelly said after a big sip. "But honestly, that whole summer thing wasn't entirely about the drinks. That was only part of it. For me it was about having a small adventure with someone. You know, sharing an experience that you'll always remember."
"I can tell you still miss her. She obviously meant a lot to you."
"She did," Kelly replied in a somber tone. "I loved her. I mean, I was head-over-heels in love with her. But life happens and it didn't work out unfortunately. I still like thinking about our experiences."
Joanna paused for a moment. "I've never been in love before. IthoughtI loved my ex-husband, but Iwasn'ttruly in love with him. You're the only person I've ever admitted that to. I'm envious of you in a way."
"Now we know each other's secrets. Kind of exciting, isn't it?"
"It's only fair given how much you've already told me about you. I really like you. You're fun to be around, and to be honest, I feel as though I'm learning so much about life from you."
Kelly smiled, "I really like you too. I guess that's why I've been super talkative lately. I haven't felt this way about another person since... Anne."
Joanna felt taken aback. "That's a flattering thing to say."
"You're starting to sweat," the intern noted.
Joanna wiped the sweat from her forehead. "Hot weather has a tendency to make that happen."
They gazed into each other's eyes for a moment and Joanna braced herself for what Kelly would say next. There was a light smirk that had formed on Kelly's lips, which suggested something a bit more sinister than simply enjoying a cold European style drink.
"You know, Anne and I had a special way of cooling down on hot days. It was her idea and it eventually became a favorite of mine. Are you interested?"
"It's rarely this hot. Why not?"
"Do you promise not to fire me?" Kelly asked with a mischievous look on her face.
Joanna flashed a skeptical, but playful expression. "I'm not sure I like where this is headed."
"Come on. I promise it'll be fun. You'll like it, trust me."
She sighed, "Fine, I promise I won't fire you."
"Or be upset?"
"I promise," Joanna nodded.
Kelly looked her boss straight in the eyes. "Unbutton your shirt. Completely."
"Excuse me?"
"You promised you wouldn't be upset, remember?" Kelly smiled. "Now are you going to be a good sport about this or not? It's totally harmless."
Joanna gave her intern a hesitant look before eventually going along with it. She put her drink down on the table, then she looked Kelly in the eyes as her fingers got busy unbuttoning her dress shirt. Before long, her top was open, leaving her bra and stomach completely exposed.
"Now what?" she asked.
Kelly scooped the red gelato with her index finger before putting her cup down on the table. She used her other hand to casually reach over to pull the side of Joanna's bra down.
After the pull, Joanna's left breast was completely exposed, and she was too stunned to do anything about it. Joanna looked down to see that her young intern was visually admiring her bare chest, and before she could say something, Kelly brought the finger-full of gelato down to her brown nipple. The first touch felt like an electric shock. Her nipples were large and they've always been sensitive. She watched helplessly as her intern continued to rub the cold ice cream around her big nipple in a circular motion, turning it rock hard.
"Like it?" Kelly smiled, with the tip of her cold finger still circling the hardened nipple.
Joanna did her best to remain calm. This was uncharted territory. The fact was, she loved it. But she did her best to restrain her desires and not make a big fuss about it. After all, as a boss, she felt compelled to maintain some level of authority over her intern.
"I'm sensitive in that area, but I like it. It feels different."
"It doesn't bother you that I'm playing with your boob?" Kelly asked playfully.
"I know I'm in good hands."
Kelly continued circling around her boss's nipple. "Last week you said that you never had a lesbian fantasy before, but that was a lie, wasn't it?"
"Was I that obvious?" Joanna asked rhetorically.
"Not really. But I could tell anyway. I'm good at reading people."
"Fine, I've had those thoughts before, but I didn't want to admit it. I'm your boss, and some things are off limits."
Kelly grinned. "Even though I'm playing with your tit? I'm only teasing, Boss. The first time is kind of scary, in a good way. You'll get used to it. Watch and learn."
In an effortless motion, Kelly bent down and took the hard brown nipple in her mouth to suck. She rolled it around with her tongue while Joanna sat there awkwardly and enjoyed the sensation of her first sexual experience with another woman.
Almost without thinking, Joanna reached down and pulled the other cup of her bra aside, leaving both breasts exposed. She acted under compulsion and Kelly knewexactlywhat to do, moving her mouth to suck the other desperate nipple. The young intern gently squeezed both breasts with her hands and continued giving oral pleasure.
When she finished, Kelly sat upright and looked her boss in the eyes.
"What do you think?" the intern asked with glee. "Are you a changed woman yet?"
"I'm enjoying myself so far," Joanna smiled with her breasts still freed and her nipples wet with saliva. "You're a special girl."
Kelly smiled back, "Come here and kiss me."
The two women leaned forward and planted a strong kiss on each other's lips. It was a hard kiss, and it was passionate. Their lips pressed tightly and they opened their mouths to let their tongues touch, then swirl to taste each other. All of the emotions that had been held back were suddenly released. Their hands were all over each other and they held each other tight.
Minutes breezed by and Joanna ended her first kiss with another woman.
"So what happens next?" she asked. "I'm as nervous as the day I lost my virginity. But this is more unusual for me."
Kelly raised an eyebrow, enjoying her newfound teacher role. "Well, your boobs look kind of uncomfortable the way they're being squished by your bra. We need to get rid of your top immediately."
"Here?" Joanna asked, gesturing to the large window. "Maybe we can try my bedroom instead?"
"Why? Are you ashamed of being seen with me?"
"It's not that. It's just that I don't want..."
Kelly gave a wry smile. "Do you actually know any of those people across the street?"
"No, but that's..."
"Then who cares? It's more fun this way. Trust me."
Joanna sat frozen and allowed her intern to remove her shirt, then reaching around to unclasp her bra, leaving her topless on the couch. Fighting off any sense of shame, Joanna kept her hands down and allowed her breasts to be admired.
As good as it felt being this way for her intern, her eyes gazed to the window to make sure no one was watching.
"Eyes on me," Kelly said, using her finger to pull Joanna's chin. "How does it feel sitting here without your top on?"
"It helps me cool down from the heat. But then again, you're making things steamy in here."
Kelly laughed. "And you've got a great pair of tits, Boss."
"I'm glad you like them. So am I going to be the only one with tits out?"
"Is that an order?" Kelly asked jokingly.
Joanna winked. "You can sue me later, but right now, I'm ordering you to show me your breasts."
A mischievous look appeared on Kelly's face as she unbuttoned the top of her dress shirt with Joanna's helping hand. It wasn't long until they both undid all the buttons and removed the shirt. Kelly reached back to unclasp her bra and tossed it to the floor.
Now, they were on even playing field, with their breasts freed.
"Do they look how you expected?" Kelly asked, referring to her own perky breasts with light pink nipples.
"Yes. Firm, delicate, perfectly shaped, and you've got cute looking nipples. I'm going to enjoy sucking on them."
"Oh really? Well don't let me stop you."
Joanna smiled and bent down to finally return the favor. For the first time in her life, she had taken a woman's nipple in her mouth and sucked. It was an utterly arousing feeling for her and she became wetter from sucking Kelly's tits. She sucked each nipple as hard as she could, pulling them with her mouth, and she emulated Kelly's technique by rolling the nipples around with her tongue.
"Oh my god," Kelly moaned, with her hand behind Joanna's head. "Are you sure you're new to this? Your mouth is super talented and I can't wait to find out what else you can do with it."
Joanna stopped sucking and looked up. "You have other things in mind for me?"
"Of course I do. These are just appetizers."
"Then what's the main course?" Joanna asked, already knowing the answer.
Kelly grinned, "You already know."
The intern leaned back on the couch and lifted the hem of her skirt to expose her panties. She pulled her panties off then tossed them away. With her bare pussy displayed, Kelly spread her legs in the most inviting manner possible, showing off that pink, wet pussy of hers.
Joanna's heart raced and her adrenaline started pumped with a new intensity. Before getting on her knees, she made a routine check of the window, where voyeurs were normally waiting.
To her shock, Joanna spotted an occasional voyeur who would sometimes try to peep at her at night. A man in his late 30's, she estimated. Only this time, the man was with a woman who appears to be his wife. They both watched together from their bedroom window across the street, while still in their work clothes after having arrived home.
Joanna instantly clenched her breasts. Her biggest fear since moving into an apartment like this had been realized. Only now, she was caught topless with another woman. What had the couple seen? Had they seen her sucking and kissing another woman? Joanna shuddered to think.
"Don't worry about them," Kelly said, using her fingers to pull Joanna's face towards her. "Focus on me."
"They can see us. They're fucking spying on us. We need to get dressed, now."
Kelly smiled so broadly. "Maybe I like them watching."
"You've got to be kidding me."
"Am I?" Kelly asked, with her smile growing. "Because I think it's really exciting. I always have."
"You've done this before?"
"Try it. Get on your knees for me. Use you instincts and do it the way you'd want it done to you."
Joanna took a deep breath and put her hands down to free her breasts again. She refused to look across the street at the peeping neighbors. She rubbed Kelly's bare thighs. Then she got on her knees.
Before her was a drenched pussy with a swollen clitoris. Joanna took another deep breath and bent down to kiss Kelly's crotch. She planted kisses all over it before moving her lips to the pink labia. The main thing going through Joanna's mind was how the couple across the street were so blatantly watching. And she also focused on Kelly's advice;'Do it the way you'd want it done to you.'
Throwing caution to the wind, Joanna stuck her tongue out and licked the labia like a lollipop. She licked it hard, but affectionately. She licked the labia the way she had always wanted men to lick, but they never did. She licked the labia the way she always wanted it done to her.
The foreplay was over and she inserted the tip of her tongue inside of the wet hole, causing Kelly to groan and squirm where she sat. Joanna took pleasure in the fact that she was giving Kelly sexual satisfaction. She savored the taste of the womanly fluids in her mouth and she began to suck. She sucked the labia and the fluids into her mouth, and she worked her tongue up and down, side to side. She wanted to taste as much of Kelly as she possibly could, and she made sure to play with Kelly's engorged clitoris.
"Fuck, you're so good at that," Kelly sighed. "They love the show as much as I do."
Joanna gave the clit another tongue lash. "They're still watching?"
"Watching. Smiling. And they'll definitely have great sex afterwards."
Joanna looked upwards, while still eating pussy, to see Kelly with a big grin on her face, keeping her eyes across the street to the neighboring building. It was clear that being an exhibitionist was a huge turn-on for Kelly.
"I'm going to regret letting them watch," Joanna mumbled softly, in between kissing the labia and clitoris.
"No you won't."
Joanna went back to pleasing the pussy when Kelly used her foot to reel her back down. Her reward was getting to taste the fluids and listening to Kelly moan in pleasure. She felt a burning sensation between her own legs and she focused on her newfound oral technique.
When she brought her finger to rub Kelly's clitoris, she continued working her tongue inside the vagina, and that was when Kelly was sent over the edge. Kelly's moans turned to cries. Her muscles tightened and she clenched her toes. Her back arched and she suddenly yelled out loud while an intense orgasm flowed through her body.
Afterwards, Kelly went limp.
Joanna, from her knees, just looked at her young intern who remained in a blissful state. She was also fearful of turning around, and letting the voyeurs see her face and breasts again. Hoping the voyeurs would eventually stop looking (as unlikely as that was), Joanna rested her face on Kelly's thigh to hide her face in the meantime.
"God, that was fucking amazing," Kelly breathed, coming back to life. "I can't believe that was your first time eating pussy. You're a real freakin pro at this."
Joanna blushed. "Thanks. I'm glad I could do that for you. I really enjoyed... umm... your taste, if you don't mind me saying."
"Ready for your turn?"
Joanna froze for a moment, with her chin still on Kelly's thigh. "Yes, I'm ready. But do you think we can do it in my bedroom instead?"
"Afraid of being seen?" Kelly grinned.
"Kelly, I live here. The couple across the street see me often. They've already seen me topless, and going down on you. And I can't let them see any more."
The look in Kelly's eyes intensified, and Joanna knew it spelled trouble.
"Boss, do you realize that you're only turning me on again? Now let's switch places. I'm going to show you something new."
With a profound swiftness, Kelly got up and immediately sank to her knees. She guided her boss up and onto the couch.
Now, it was Joanna's turn to sit topless on the couch. She faced the adjacent apartment building across the street, while Kelly lifted her skirt and pulled her panties away.
A stunned Joanna sat still as her eyes locked on her voyeuristic neighbors. The couple were most certainly aroused. Watching. Waiting for more.
It was a strange exhibitionist feeling for Joanna to be exposed like this. It was a new rush she had never felt before. It was also surreal to look down to see Kelly, the young intern who she had been fantasizing about, looking directly inside of her pussy.
Unlike the way Joanna did it, Kelly just dove right in like an expert. There was no foreplay or warming up. The young intern just did what she had done countless times before.
Joanna simply laid back on the couch and enjoyed the powerful tongue lashes and sucking. It was an intoxicating and hypnotizing feeling that flowed through her body. Her living room was filled with the lewd sounds of sucking and slurping.
Her eyes went back and forth, switching from her beautiful pussy-eating intern, to her neighbors across the street. She felt the burning sensation through every part of her body and mind.
"God, they're touching each other," Joanna said of her voyeurs.
Kelly grinned while licking. "My favorite. Window sex is the best kind. Now they know what kind of naughty woman you can be, isn't that right, Boss?"
The burning sensation in Joanna became stronger when Kelly sucked and licked harder. Her clit was throbbing while it was being pleased. Kelly continued slobbering all over the wet cunt, and she inserted her fingers inside of Joanna's body. Kelly's tongue flickered the clit while her fingers did the messy work inside of the vagina.
Joanna cried out loud in a state of pure lust. She screamed. She didn't care if other people in the building could hear. She didn't care that her neighbors looked on while she was topless and being orally pleased by a younger woman. In fact, in only added fuel to her fire.
Her sexual feelings were overwhelmed and every muscle in her body contracted. Fluids rushed down her vaginal canal and she squirted, which Kelly gladly accepted while sucking continuously. Joanna continued screaming and she enjoyed the most exquisite orgasm she had ever felt in her life.
When it was over, her eyes closed and she was breathing heavily. Both women were sweating profusely and there were vaginal fluids everywhere from their orgasms.
Kelly watched in delight as her boss came back to life.
"You loved it," Kelly teased, with her chin resting on Joanna's pubic area.
"They loved it too," Joanna teased back, gesturing to their voyeurs.
"I'm so glad. It's scary, yet exhilarating. But here comes another scary part. After this, you'll probably feel confused for the next several days, maybe weeks, wondering if you're gay or straight."
"What do you think the answer is for me?" Joanna asked curiously.
"I'm not sure. I don't even know which categoryIfall under. The only thing that matters is that you're happy."
Joanna smiled, "Thatwe'rehappy."
Kelly climbed on top of her boss and they kissed each other passionately. It was wet and sloppy. They tasted each other's vaginal fluids in their mouths and they pressed their sweaty bodies against each other, giving the happy voyeurs across the street an encore performance.
The End
Your votes & comments are appreciated.