This is my 100th post here on Literotica. That amazes me.
I've used this place as a laboratory to teach myself how to write, and I think I'm slowly getting there. It's been all kinds of fun, and I'm very appreciative to all of you out there in Cyberland who read and enjoy my stories. Thanks everybody!
As usual, the people and places in this story are fictional. All characters are over eighteen.
———————
Kaley Newman, NewsChannel 4
"Mr. Sims? Tucker Sims?" the voice on the phone said.
"Yes, that's me." Tucker said.
"This is Kaley Newman from NewsChannel 4. I wonder if I could come down and talk to you about your business and one of the actresses who used to work for you. She contacted me this morning and what she told me is frankly quite disturbing. I'd like to discuss it with you and see if we can clear things up. Would that be all right?"
"Can I ask the name of the actress? Maybe I can clear things up over the phone." Tucker said.
"Louise Brookfield. Do you remember her?"
Sure, Tucker remembered her. A fairly typical older amateur. Nervous, trying to live out her fantasy, probably in over her head. The fucking his boys gave her left her reeling. It was obvious it was way beyond anything she'd experienced before. Some big-time shit that blew her mind.
And then there was Kaley Newman. Tucker remembered her too, from the news. There were lots of young female reporters on the local channels, but Kaley was a standout. Nice voice. Pretty face. Relaxed and even a little sexy on camera.
"Oh sure, I remember Louise," Tucker said. "That was just, what, two months ago I think, when she was here. I'll tell you what, why don't you come down here to my office. I've got quite a bit of paperwork on her. I'm sure we can clear this up."
An hour later Kaley and her videographer buzzed the intercom at the Studio's door. Tucker let them in.
"Mr. Sims I'm Kaley Newman. I'd like to speak with you about Louise Brookfield."
She spoke in her news voice, had her hand extended and was followed by a guy with a video camera on his shoulder, already filming. He skittered around the side of her to get a clear shot of Tucker and the handshake.
"Jesus Kaley, you didn't tell me this was gonna be an ambush. There's no story here. Turn that off and we'll talk. I can show you everything you need to know. I've got iron clad contracts. More than one actually. That and the video itself will tell the story."
"You're willing to speak on the record off camera?"
"Sure, I've got nothin' to hide. I run a clean business here, with happy workers."
"Shut it down Johnny," she said to her cameraman. "You call porn a clean business?" she asked Tucker as she started to record audio on her phone. "May I record our conversation?"
"Sure. Like I said, nothin' to hide. Come on in my office."
"You can wait outside John," Kaley said to her co-worker.
"Oh sure. I never get to see the good stories," he said as he took his camera gear and left.
In Tucker's office he offered Kaley an upholstered chair or the couch. She sat on the couch, nervously pulling the hem of her dress to try and get it to cover a little more of her shapely leg than it wanted to cover. A porn studio didn't seem like the place to show herself off.
"So, Louise Brookfield, I remember her well," Tucker said as he reached for a folder on his desk. "What exactly did she call you about?"
"She claims she was forced into certain sexual situations that you filmed. Coerced I guess I should say."
"Well that's just not true. I've never done that with anybody here and I'm confident you'll come to that conclusion too. Tell me this — if you find that there's no story here, other than her making things up, you're not gonna put this on the news, are you? Local publicity's not exactly the best thing for a business like this. We do business quietly, don't get in anybody's face, don't bother anyone. I'd kinda like to keep it that way."
"No, no," Kaley said. "If she's making things up there's nothing for me. You can count on that. But I must admit I'm a little fascinated by this place. I never knew anything like this went on in town."
"Have you thought about giving it a try? We do a lot with amateurs, and you've certainly got the looks for it," Tucker said, looking her over. It wasn't a lecherous look, just a man doing his job. Kaley looked shocked, and blushed bright red.
"No Mr. Sims, not that kind of fascination. So was Louise one of the amateurs? She didn't sound like a professional when I talked to her."
"That's right. I meet people different ways. She actually hit on me in a bar. She was half in the bag and asked me to go home with her. I declined, but she was nice and we got to talking. I gave her my card and offered her a preliminary photo shoot. That's the usual way we get started, clothed but sexy, maybe some lingerie. I sometimes bring in one of my male talent to do somethin' mildly sexual if the person's comfortable with it. It's all very low key and all about the new person's comfort level. I don't push anything."
"So she was attractive and you thought she'd be good in porn? Is it that simple?"
"No, attractiveness doesn't always enter into it. Sexiness is a bigger deal. She's average looking for her age, but I thought she was sexy. Now you, you're attractiveandsexy, so you've got a head-start."
"Oh...well, thank you," Kaley said, nervously pulling at her hem again. So Louise, she came? I mean...she called you?" Kaley's face heated up again at the unintended double entendre. She hoped it wasn't a full-on blush.
"Yeah. She seemed nervous on the phone, but that's par for the course with the amateurs. So we set up an appointment, I think it was two days later, and she comes in for the shoot. So this is where we get to the paper work," Tucker said as he opened the file folder. He handed Kaley a form. "That's the standard contract for the first still photo shoot. As you can see, it covers a lot. They're agreeing to nudity and model-to-model contact. Legally that means a whole lotta shit, but like I said, we never push anybody and often the first session is really tame. Like a boudoir session you could do at the mall photographer, you know? So here's the photos from that day." Tucker handed her ten proof sheets, with two dozen photos on each one. "I can show you the raw files on the computer if you want, but it's all there."
It was Kaley's first look at Louise Brookfield, and she was amazed at how plain looking she was, and her age. She looked like any of the fifty-year-old women in her neighborhood. And here she was, trying out for porn!
Tucker walked Kaley through the bigger contract for the video shoot, and pointed out the special clauses Louise had asked for, and her initials next to each one.
"She agreed to anything but anal and BDSM. She wanted two men. Wanted big cocks. It's all there in the contract. I've been doing this a long time Kaley, and I'm not only very careful with the wording of the contracts, I'm a nice guy and bend over backward to make everybody happy. Louise was happy with the wording of it all. I remember her specifically saying that. So I guess the next thing to do is watch the footage of her. Did you look at it on the website?"
"No. I thought I'd do that here. If I had signed up for an account at work I'd have to explain it to my boss, and he'd have to explain it to his boss, and on up the line."
"Oh, yeah. Much simpler here. No problem. Let me pull it up and if you have any questions you can ask me."
Tucker switched on a big flat screen TV on the wall, started Louise's hour of fame, and they sat back and watched. Tucker pointed out a few things as it progressed.
"That's Mitch and Dante with her. They're two of my big cock men, which is what she wanted."
When it was over Kaley was a bit flustered and looked warm.
"So, as you could see, she had one hell of a time," Tucker said. "It's pretty obvious she was happy with what was happening to her, every step of the way. To be honest with you, I've never had an amateur who didn't have an awesome time. A few didn't want to go past the still photo stage, and that's cool, but the ones who go all the way? They all love it. I'm sure you could tell my guys have what it takes, and they're not rough, unless the woman clearly asks for it rough. They're respectful. And they'll make you cum eighteen times if you got it in ya."
"You're right, she was certainly enjoying it. Wow, that was..."
"Looks like fun, right? So now I'll tell you the rest of Louise's story, and you'll get a little better picture of her. We did the editing and I emailed her a password so she could watch the finished product before I posted it for the website's members to see. She watched it and called me and said it embarrassed her. I asked her why and offered to edit it some more, but she was just embarrassed. I felt bad for her. I told her if she'd return the wages I'd paid her I'd give her the master copy and nobody'd ever see it. Nobody in the business will do that. I will. That's the kinda guy I am. I want everybody to be happy at the end of the day. I invited her in to talk about it. After we watched it together she decided it was okay. I had her signanothercontract, this one here, spelling out her protest and her final decision to keep the money, and we released it. She never complained. I never heard from her again."
"Well it certainly seems like she doesn't have a case," Kaley said as she looked over the second contract. "I'll tell you, she didn't seem quite right when she called me. I was suspicious of you though, I must admit. The porn business has an unseemly reputation I'm afraid, but you seem like a straight shooter."
"Thank you Kaley, I'm glad you think so. Would you like to have a look around, so you can get a little better feel for the place?"
"Thank you, yes, I'd like that."
———————
After work that day Kaley was having a cocktail with her friend Jennifer. Jenn's another young reporter at NewsChannel 4. The TV station was in a 'small market' city of about a hundred-and-fifty-thousand people, and most of the reporters were in their mid-twenties, not too far out of college, biding their time as they waited for a big break in a bigger city.
"I had no idea there was a porn studio downtown!" Jenn said. "That's crazy!"
"I know, it's weird isn't it?" Kaley said. "No story though. I was hoping for something big."
"So what's it like? Did you see any of the actors?"
"It's very businesslike and nice actually. The owner is really nice. I walked away with a new attitude about porn. And yes, I met one of the girls and one of the guys."
"Wow, I like that look in your eyes," Jen said. "What was he like?"
"Do you ever think about black guys?" Kaley asked.
"Sure. Don't all us pale skin whiteys think about that?" Jenn laughed. "Big dicks and stuff? Hell yeah!"
"His name's Dante," Kaley said.
"Holy shit! Is he big? You didn't see hisdick, did you?"
"No!" Kaley said with an embarrassed smile. "And yes, he's plenty big. I'm five-two, and he's gotta be six-six, maybe six-eight."
"Holy shit! God, that'd be so hot, wouldn't it? Think of thesizeof that thing..." Jenn said, with a faraway look in her eye.
What Kaley didn't mention was that lately her porn surfing had become focused on watching the free clips from a website called Blacked. Lots of small, pale skinned girls getting their pussies and asses reamed by huge black men with huge black cocks.
"You wanna do him, don't you?" Jenn said. "I know that look."
"No!" Kaley said, blushing deeply.
"Yeah, whatever," Jenn smirked. "I get it. Believe me I do."
"Why is it so hot?"
"Black guys you mean?" Jenn asked. "I don't know. A holdover from our parents maybe? Forbidden love, and all that. Plus they got huge cocks, right?"
"Jenn!" Kaley laughed. "Jeez!"
That night Kaley fantasized about Dante. She put fresh batteries in her vibrator and had a small but satisfying orgasm before drifting off to sleep.
———————
A week later Kaley and Jennifer were at the bar again, winding down after a long day in the newsroom.
"I can't get that fuckin' porn guy outta my head," Kaley said.
"The black guy? You're still thinking about him?"
"The whole place really. It kinda fascinates me."
"You said they do a lot of amateur stuff right? You should try out. You're hot."
"Yeah right! I'd throw away my whole career!"
"Yeah, I guess. You could always stalk the guy. I doubt he'd turn you down. He must live around the city somewhere right? Is it just him that gets you, or is it the whole porn thing?"
"All of it. Am I a skank?"
"No.Everybodywatches porn, and I'm sure most people wonder what it'd be like to do it. You should come up with another story angle, maybe you could..."
"What, get fucked on the news? Yeah, I can see it now, those little circular blur-out spots superimposed over my privates, and a microphone in my hand," she laughed. "As you can see folks," she said in her news voice, "huge cocks make small girls cum really hard, and it's happening right here in your city. Reporting live, Kaley Newman, NewsChannel 4."
The two girls laughed so hard people turned to look at them. After they settled down Jenn had an idea...
"You always liked the writing side of journalism more then the on-screen stuff. Why not write a book about it? 'Porn From The Inside' or something like that. The sensational stuff is what sells these days, right? Use a pen name and nobody'll know it's you." Jenn smiled when Kaley didn't say anything. "Oh my God, you're thinking about it!"
"It's not such a crazy idea," Kaley said, the wheels clearly turning in her head. "They specialize in amateurs there. I could assure them anonymity and get their stories. Of course I'd have to get the owner's permission, but he was nice. Shit Jenn, I think you're onto something. You wannna use the idea yourself? It's a pretty good one."
"Nope, I'm not a book writer. It's all yours. Watch yourself though. I know you think it's a businesslike place and all, but it could be a slippery slope..."
———————
Kaley thought long and hard about the book idea. Some days she liked it, some days she thought it was the craziest thing ever. She finally decided to call Tucker and see if she could get a meeting with him to discuss it. He agreed and she went to his office a few days later.
"Well as I said when you were here before, local publicity's not the best thing for my business," Tucker said. He was sitting behind his desk, leaning on the arm of the chair with his chin in his hand. "We kinda like being ignored."
"I'm not talking about publicizing you. Everything would be anonymous — your name, the name of the studio, the city it's in. I'd interview your amateur women before and after, totally anonymous, and only if they're interested, of course. I'd talk to the men too. I think it would make a fascinating book. If you're right about all the women having a good time here, you'd have nothing to worry about as far as an exposé or anything like that. And I'm willing to cut you in for a percentage of the profits, in exchange for access. It's not a story I can write without your help. I mean I could try, but it wouldn't be nearly as interesting, and I probably wouldn't bother."
"And you're only interested in the interracial aspect?"
"Yes, that's the hook for the book I think."
"Yeah, I can see that," Tucker said. "I take it you're interested in that side of things?"
Kaley sat silent and blushed.Stop blushing you fucking idiot!she screamed to herself.
"Listen Kaley, you're gonna have to get used to everyone speaking pretty freely around here. If you're into black cocks that's cool. Lots of women are. It's not a big deal. And you're gonna have to get used to callin' a cock a cock and a pussy a pussy. If you interview one of these gals and you ask how the oversized, dark-colored penis felt in her vaginal opening she's gonna laugh at you."
"Yeah," Kaley chuckled. "It might take a little getting used to, but I can see that, yeah."
"So I like the idea," Tucker said. "We'll have to write up a contract of course. Keep it all legal. And I really don't know how much luck you'll have with the women. A lot of 'em are doin' this under the radar, and you're a well known news reporter. It might take some convincing to make 'em realize it's truly confidential and anonymous.
"Yes, I've thought of that. But I'm pretty good at making people feel comfortable. I'm excited! We're really doing this?"
"Sure. Let's go for it," Tucker said. "I gotta warn you though, I'm gonna write some stuff into that contract that's gonna protect me. Maybe even a final approval before you publish. Is that all right?"
"You know, I think it is. Worse comes to worse it'll all be great practice for me to write the next book. I'm sure you realize by now I'm a beginner as far a book writing goes. Journalism school taught me a lot though, and creative writing was always my best class, ever since high school. I've been wanting to delve into it seriously for years."
"Yeah, you'll be good at it. I can tell. I'm a good reader of people. So, I'll call my lawyer in the morning and we'll get the legal shit outta the way. You can start soon," Tucker said.
"Thank you!" Kaley said. A whole new world was just around the corner.
———————
"So what's the plan," Jenn said at the bar. She had a look in her eyes that questioned the motive behind Kaley's book.
"Lots of interviews. If they're nervous about their anonymity they probably won't want me to record them, so lots of note taking."
"You're talkin' to the guys too, right?"
"Yeah. All sides of the story."
"Up close and personal with big black porn stars. Sounds cozy," Jenn said with a knowing smile.
"You have a dirty mind."
"And you don't? You're doin' a whole book about big black cocks Kaley. I'm not sayin' it's bad, just don't fool yourself."
"I know. I'm wicked. It's journalism though, isn't it?"
"So far," Jenn laughed. "Don't worry. I won't give away your secrets."
———————
"So, interracial," Tucker said, wrapping his head around the book idea again when Kaley showed up for her first extended visit. "Let me introduce you to one of the other guys."
"I've met Dante. You have others?" she asked. Her excited curiosity was obvious.
"Yeah, three. There's Dante, there's Jamar — he's one of my photographers but he does some work in front of the camera occasionally, and Afreeka. He's the newest. Good though. He worked out West before he came here. He's not here today, but Jamar is. He's workin' the cameras today. I've got a bunch of white guys too, but those three are my black studs. Don't worry, they don't mind me callin' 'em that."
Kaley had a notebook in hand, and looked nervous. A day off from working the news beat had never been quite so exciting.
"So the woman, she knows I'm going to be here?" Kaley asked as they walked out of Tucker's office.
"Yup. I figured that was best. People know what you look like, and I didn't want to freak her out if she just saw you here, you know?"
"Oh, yeah. Good idea."
"She'll be here early and agreed to sit down with you before and after."
"Great. This is going smoothly, thanks to you."
They rounded a corner and walked onto the set that would be used that day. Just a simple bed surrounded by lights and cameras.
"Jamar, this is Kaley. She'll be around quite a bit over the next few weeks."
"Hi Kaley!" Jamar said. His huge smile lit up the room. "I'm a big fan! I watch you guys whenever I can. You've got the cutest girls of all the stations."
"Oh, well thanks Jamar. It's nice to meet you," Kaley said. Her eyes twinkled as she took in the tall man. A lot thinner than Dante, but wow, he was handsome! And that smile!
After a nice chat with Jamar the woman of the day showed up. Kaley gave her the name 'Lisa' in her notes. The two of them sat in an unused office that Tucker had set up for Kaley to use.
"The much too obvious question is why are you doing this?" Kaley asked Lisa. "You've never done porn before, have you?"
"No, not really," Lisa said. "It's a present for my husband, for his birthday. We swing a little, and he's been after me to get with a black guy. He likes to watch, you know? He wants to just put an ad on Craigslist, but that scares me. I don't know, it shouldn't I guess. One of the girls we know — you know, she and her husband? She did this. Tucker found her somehow, I don't know how. So she told me about it and I thought, there's a good present for Johnny."
"So it'll be your first time with a black man?"
"Yeah. I mean...not the first time I thought about it. That was...high school I guess. The black guys back then, they were...sorta, I dunno, like forbidden fruit, ya know what I mean? I'm not sayin' they were fruity or nothin'..."
"Did any of your friends ever have a relationship with a black man?"
"No. Nothin' like that."
"So are you nervous about having sex in front of cameras?"
"Oh fuck no. I do that all the time," Lisa laughed. "Johnny's obsessed with filmin' me, and when we're swingin' with groups and shit there's always video bein' shot. Phone cameras and shit, ya know? Fuck, I'm all over the internet. It's all crappy quality, and most people'll never see it, but it's out there. I love it."
"So what do you think today will be like?"
"I'm hopin' it's a fuckin' huge cock. I love big ones, but I never had a huge one. You know what I mean? You ever have one?"
"No, not really," Kaley said uncomfortably.
"You should try it," Lisa said. "A girl your size, wow. I wouldn't mind seein' that."
A half-hour later Lisa got her huge one. Dante left her stunned, with her hole gaping, just like the videos Kaley watched at night. A small animal could have crawled in there after Dante pulled out.
Kaley was stunned too. It was the first time she'd ever watched real people fuck, and it was an incredibly intense experience for her. There were times when she could barely breath, and other times when she was breathing so loud she was sure the crew could hear her. She'd seen plenty of big black cock videos, but Dante's cock in person was something to behold. It was almost otherworldly, the kind of thing a comic book superhero would have between his legs. It took her breath away, and made her gasp more than once. Tucker saw her reaction and smiled. After the wild session, with Lisa still in her robe, Kaley interviewed her again.
"So, that was...pretty hot. Is that the massive understatement I think it is?" Kaley asked.
"Shit honey," Lisa said. She was almost groggy, drunk from the afterglow of huge cock. "You ever had a big one?" she said dreamily. She was so out of it she didn't even remember she'd asked that question before.
"Uh...so...was it what you expected?" Kaley asked.
"Fuck yeah! I expected to get the shit fucked outta me. Fuck yeah...Dante... he did it. Holy shit..."
"Did the fact that he was black change the experience?"
"Are you not payin' attention honey?" Lisa said, still sort of out of it. "Yeah it made a difference! That fuckin' man just killed me. I wanna die again..."
"Do you think your husband will like his present?"
"Fuck if I care," Lisa said, still struggling to put words together. "That...that was all for me. He'll like it, yeah, but shit...that was all for me. Jesus...I gotta get me a man like that.Fuck!"
A little later Kaley caught up with Dante. He was dressed in his street clothes, just about to leave.
"So what'd you think of Lisa?"
"Oh, yeah, she was good," he said nonchalantly.
"Just routine?"
"No, she was fun. Yeah, nice pussy. Good mouth too. She's got some experience."
"Does age affect how you feel about a scene partner? She was what, forty-five maybe?"
"Yeah, somethin' like that maybe. A little ragged around the edges, but, I dunno, she had somethin'. Sexy, like she knows about gettin' wild. I like that. No, age doesn't matter much."
"So you had a good time?"
"Always do."
"Did you enjoy the fact that she was white? I mean, does that enter into it for you? Do you like...fucking white girls?"
"I like fuckin'girlgirls. But yeah, I know what you mean. Sure, white girls are hot. They're like, somethin' different from what I'm used to growin' up, ya know? Somethin' about that pink flesh..."
Kaley was almost trembling as she stood there questioning Dante. Pink flesh. She had that. She wanted to ask him how it felt stuffing something so big into something much smaller, but she didn't. She could barely get the few questions out that she asked him. She hoped it would get easier when she got more used to things.
———————
"Youwatchedthem?" Jenn said. "I don't know why, but I didn't think you'd be doingthat. Holy shit Kaley! What was it like?"
"I can't even put it into words. Believe me, I've been trying. I'm supposed to be writing a book, so I sorta have to," Kaley laughed. "It was the oddest experience of my life. I saw the beauty and the emotional power of sex. It was like a whole new thing. What was going on there couldn't have been more different from what it feels like to have my own little sexual dalliances. It was so different I suddenly feel like I've never even had sex before."
"All right. Patiently waiting. Dante?"
"Oh. God Jenn. He's like..."
"Speechless huh? That's not what I need right now. Describe! Describe!"
"So he's a semi-pro football player. Used to be pro. Not like one of the fat ones though. He's so...sculpted. Masculine. Beyond masculine. He's really black. Super dark, you know? Really beautiful. And his voice! It's so deep, it kind off vibrates your insides when he talks."
"So how big is it?" Jenn asked. She was hanging on every word, but dying to hear about his cock.
"Huge!What's bigger than huge? God Jenn, it's just the most amazing thing. The most amazing sight. When Lisa had her little hands on it...she gave him this two handed hand-job, you know? I couldn't even breathe."
"God, I can't imagine being there watching it all."
"Remind me and I'll email you a link so you can see him."
"Do I want too? Will I turn into a Dante craving slut, prowling the streets of the warehouse district just to get a glimpse of him?"
"Yes, you want to. You gotta see him Jenn. You just gotta!"
"Tell me about the woman. What was she like?"
"So ordinary. Well I guess not so ordinary — she's a swinger. The video's a gift for her husband. But she pretty much admitted it was really just something she wanted to do. Her first black guy. She was nothin' special to look at. No different than lots of my mom's friends. So weird."
"So did you get horny watching them?"
"Let's just say next time I'm gonna bring some dry underwear to change into after."
———————
Three days of covering routine news stories and one gruesome car crash had shifted Kaley's head back to reality. She'd looked over her notes a few times, and wondered if the whole book idea was stupid. The majority of what she'd written was her own impressions of what it was like to be there and watch porn being made. That would be part of the book, but she'd hoped for more insight from the participants, especially the women. She'd need to be patient, she guessed, to get to the point where she'd have enough material to start crafting a book.
Tucker called her on her cell phone. He was putting together a session with Afreeka and a woman named Annie. Kaley found a coworker to trade work shifts with her and showed up at the studio the next day.
Annie was a stage name. She'd worked for Tucker off and on for years, a married woman who used a disguise — a wig, glasses and lots of makeup — to keep her double life going. Kaley was fascinated.
"So you're married, and your husband doesn't know about this?"
"Yeah," Annie said sheepishly. "Two kids in school today. I know it's horrible, but the first time sorta changed somethin' in me. And at the time I thought my marriage was on the rocks. That's better now, but yeah, I'm a bad girl. I probably shouldn't be talking to you about it."
"So how many scenes have you done over the years?"
"Oh gosh, maybe...twenty?"
"Wow! I could write a whole book about you!" Kaley said. "So my main focus is the interracial thing. This isn't your first time with that, is it?"
"Oh gosh no! I don't know, maybe six times? I love it."
"Dante? Afreeka? Jamar?"
"Yeah, all of 'em," Annie said with a laugh. "They're all so nice, and they fucksogood.
"Have you ever been with a black man in your real life?"
"Oh. Should I tell you? Yeah I guess. If we're talkin' about this that won't matter much. Yeah, I've been with two black guys. One of 'em's an electrician who came to fix somethin' at the house. The other one still kinda surprises me. I was drivin' through the near east side, you know, where all the projects are? There was this guy, real tall and big, just walkin' down the sidewalk. I pulled over and said hi. I still don't know why I did it. Next thing you know I'm walkin' with him down these graffiti covered hallways in this big cement block building. It was real sad lookin' in there. We go into this apartment. All it had in the front room was an old vinyl couch and a little TV. Some pizza boxes and beer cans layin' around the floor. He looks around like he's lookin' to see if someone's home, takes me to this real dark bedroom and we fucked for an hour or more. I walked out into the light — it was the middle of the day — and got sorta lost tryin' to find my car. All those buildings look the same, you know? People were lookin' at me funny, like what's this suburban white lady doin' here? I was wonderin' that myself."
"So that whole episode was because the man was black? Would you have pulled over if he was a white guy?"
"No, I don't think I would have. Black cocks are special. Although Tucker's got some white guys here that fuck just as good. But yeah, that guy in the projects, there was just somethin' about him, ya know? Big and dark and...exotic, I guess that's the word."
"So today you're with Afreeka. I haven't met him yet. Tell me about him."
"Oh my gosh! He's not as tall as Dante and Jamar, but he's still probably six-one, six-two maybe. His arms and shoulders and chest are covered in black tattoos. I mean covered! It makes him look like an animal or somethin', like reptile skin, ya know? It just makes me crazy! I've been with him twice, once alone and once in a threeway with Dante."
"Two black men? Was that a special fantasy of yours?"
"Oh sure. Yeah, I mean...you don't think about any of that stuff?"
Kaley smiled but didn't answer. She was proud of herself for not blushing at Annie's personal question. The whole surreal situation was getting easier, and the interview was going well. Maybe she'd get a real book out of it after all.
Marsha came to get Annie and get her ready for the shoot. Kaley worked on her notes a bit before she wandered into the studio. Jamar was setting up the cameras and adjusting the lights.
"Miss Kaley!" he said in his smooth Caribbean accent. "I didn't know you were here today!"
"Hi Jamar. So do you work every day?"
"Pretty much, yeah. It's a good job. Boss is nice."
"How often are you in front of the camera doing scenes?"
"Oh, not too often. Once a month maybe."
"So you know my book's about the interracial thing, right? Have all your scenes been with white women?"
"Most of 'em, yeah."
"So tell me about white girls," Kaley said with a mischievous smile.
"Ha ha!" Jamar laughed. "Tell you about white girls? I will if you tell me about black men!"
Kaley blushed. So much for getting beyond that kind of embarrassment!
"Does the 'big black cock' fascination amuse you guys?" Kaley asked, trying to act professional.
"A little bit maybe. Not every black man has one you know!" Jamar laughed. "It sure helps when it comes to picking up girls though, that you all think we do!"
"When you pick up girls do you think about race, or doesn't that enter into it?"
"I don't really think about it. Pretty girls are pretty girls, you know? I have a girlfriend though, so I don't do any picking up these days."
"Oh you do? What does she think about your job?"
"She's okay with it. But yeah, she's black, and when I do a scene she always assumes it'll be with a white girl. She makes fun of me about that," Jamar chuckled.
Afreeka came out of his dressing room with Chip, the male stylist. The scene that day was a massage parlor, with Annie as the masseuse and Afreeka as the client. He was dressed in a white robe, so Kaley couldn't see too much of him, but she could see the tattoos on his chest. His neck was covered with them too. There was a thin covering of black hair on his head, and a thin, stylized goatee on his masculine face.
"You must be our book writer," he said as he swaggered in, as confident as a man can ever be. "I'm Afreeka."
Kaley's lungs tightened. She could hardly breathe. He was an extraordinary specimen of a man, and she was just moments away from seeing him in all his hard cock glory, fucking a suburban housewife. Jesus, this was some crazy shit she was in the middle of!
"Hi. I'm Kaley," she said after an awkward pause.
"Watch out Afreeka!" Jamar said, his big smile beaming. "She's gonna get you to tell all your secrets!"
"What type a secrets you lookin' for Hot Stuff?"
Kaley couldn't believe her ears. Hot Stuff? Did he really just call me that? And with that look in his eye? God, I think I'm getting wet!
"I'm, uh, writing a book on interracial porn, from the woman's perspective mostly."
"Are you the woman?" he said, the look in his eye still solidly there.
"No. Just interviewing the...ones who..."
"The ones we fuck, Hot Stuff? Yeah, you can say it. We fuckin'machines, right Jamar." He slapped hands with Jamar and laughed.
Jamar felt bad for Kaley. He could see she was nervous and didn't know how to handle Afreeka just yet.
"So, Kaley," Jamar said, "let me show you the first shot set-up and how the camera sees things."
Kaley was relieved. The sexual tension she felt with Afreeka was unlike anything she'd known. A strange combination of fear and desire that made her dizzy. She walked to Jamar's side and Afreeka sat down on a folding chair, slouched way back with his legs spread, the white robe open all the way to his crotch, his cock tantalizingly visible in the dark shadow. Afreeka knew what he was doing. He was on a mission to mess with the pretty newsgirl's head.
—
"Cut!" Tucker yelled. Afreeka had just pulverized Annie's pussy, and she lay reeling. "Jamar, shift over here. I wanna get a different angle on this. Annie, you okay honey?"
"Fuck!" she whispered, barely able to speak. She was holding her pussy with both hands, the look on her face halfway between pain and ecstasy. "What the fuck Af, you trying to kill me today?"
Afreeka looked smug, like he was trying to prove something to the little white newsgirl watching from her chair. He shot Kaley a look that gave her a chill.
"Af, my man, go easier," Tucker said. "No need to impress anybody. We all know you're the best. Same position, all right? Just take it down a notch. Ready Annie?"
"Yeah," she said. She was still on her back, and pulled her legs up again, holding the inside of her knees with her hands. Afreeka slipped his big monster in and they were right back at it, Annie cranked up to screaming stage in no time flat. She loved it, pain and all. You could see it clear as day on her face.
It was hard for Kaley to tell when Annie's orgasms started and stopped, because the whole thing looked like one long one. She could see why Tucker had hired her after her first amateur scene. She really was good in front of the cameras. Really good. A suburban housewife gone completely, deliciously wild.
Afreeka, he was like a force of nature. By the time the day was over Kaley didn't know if she was terrified or horny. She audibly gasped at the big finish, when he pulled out of Annie's voracious mouth and plastered her face with a half-pint of goo. He came with such force Kaley could hear the splatter. She was too intimidated to ask him any questions after, but Annie stopped by to answer a few after she'd had a quick shower. She looked like a completely different person out of her wig and glasses and makeup. She was a suburban mom again.
"Was that typical of your experience doing scenes here, or was it somehow different because of the interracial aspect?"
"Oh that was different. He's an animal, isn't he? Those tattoos give him that menacing look, and then he just takes you and...takes you. God I love it!"
"Do you orgasm more with a really big cock like that?"
"Fuck yeah! I've heard women say it doesn't help them, but me? Fuck yeah. I never stop cummin' when I'm with a guy that big. He knew it to. He really pushed the fuckin' limits. God almighty!"
"Do you feel like you have control when you're doing a scene? I mean, there seemed to be times when he might have been going beyond what you may have wanted."
"No, it was okay. It was right on the edge, but that's kinda as good as it gets, right? I mean it's like you're in the middle of an endless orgasm. Who wants to stop that? And Tucker's there. I trust him. He's keepin' an eye on things."
"So now, back to your family?"
"You think I'm awful don't you. There's no sex at home, if that helps you to understand. This'll hold me for a while, and then I'll give Tucker a call, and I'll be back."
———————
"Holy shit!" Jenn said. "Her husband doesn'tknow!"
Jenn and Kaley were sitting at a quiet picnic table behind the NewsChannel 4 studio, sipping coffee.
"Not a clue I guess. She's got kids too, a nine and a twelve-year-old. They were in school when she was doing her scene."
"That's fucked up!"
Kaley told Jenn how Afreeka messed with her head, and about Annie's day in the ghetto with the black man on the street.
"The whole thing's fucked up Cate," Jenn said. "I wish I hadn't ever suggested you do this."
"Why? It's fascinating. You wouldn't want a book idea to be boring, would you?"
"No but, I don't like you hanging around with those people. You're so..."
"Boring and conservative compared to them?" Kaley said. "I know, but that gives me a good counterpoint. I think so differently than they seem to."
"So what's next?"
"Tucker has another first-time amateur lined up, and a scene with one of his older pros named Molly."
—
A week later, with those two interviews under her belt and a full notebook of notes, Kaley started spending her nights at her computer keyboard, trying to craft a story. Each night ended in frustration, and each night she relieved it with her vibrator. She was getting nowhere with the book.
A few days later, when she had a morning off, she stopped by the studio to interview Tucker, thinking his perspective on things might give her some insight. After a while the conversation turned to the difficult time she was having with the actual book writing.
"I don't know much about these things," Tucker said, "but maybe you just need to hang around more and talk to more people."
"Yeah, you're probably right," Kaley said. "I've always been sort of an impatient person. Shortcut was my nickname in high school," she laughed.
"I know a shortcut to the real story," Tucker said, with a little smile. "Maybe it's the only way."
"What's that," Kaley said, bracing herself for what she knew was coming.
"Being in your business, you must enjoy being on camera."
"Yeah, with my clothes on!" Kaley said. She had a smile on her face, and she didn't know why.
"Why don't you do a scene. You can pick your guy, the crew knows you, everybody's comfortable..."
Ever since Kaley had first walked into his studio Tucker had been hoping for a turn of events that would allow him to make the proposition. He'd admired her on the news since she came to town, imagining her out of those slightly sexy dresses she wore on camera, picturing a cock in her hand instead of the microphone. He was just doing his usual scouting, but most of the men in the city that watched her station were doing the same mental undressing.
"You know that would ruin my career, right?"
"We've got wigs and glasses," Tucker smiled.
"No thank you Mr. Sims," Kaley said. She was still smiling, secretly delighted he'd asked her, but firm in her answer. "Can we get back to book writing now?"
Two days later, after two restless nights, Kaley called Tucker. At first she danced around the idea, but then she finally dove in and asked the big question.
"How much would it cost to buy a session if I don't want the video released?" she asked.
"For you Kaley? I like you, and you were very fair about the Louise Brookfield thing, so I'll give you the studio time on me, no charge, if you pay the talent and the crew. For a two hour session with a guy and three crew...a thousand should cover it. I hope you realize what a screamin' deal that is."
"How about two men?" Kaley asked. She was shocked it had slipped out of her subconscious and across the phone lines. She was glad Tucker couldn't see the look on her face.
"I happen to know Jamar's got a little crush on you. I'm guessing he'll work cheap," Tucker said.
"Set it up. Dante and Jamar. Let me know the time."
She hung up without waiting for an answer, her heart pounding in her throat. Deep breaths didn't help. Her heart just pounded, and pounded, and pounded.
———————
"Tell us what you saw on the night of the murder, Mr. Black," Kaley asked, her professional news voice switched on.
She was holding a microphone, dressed in one of her usual on-camera dresses. Tucker had asked her to wear it. He'd had fun coming up with the script, playing up the newswoman angle. He was working the cameras himself, shooting the whole thing with a documentary feel, like actual news footage. He was planning on playing that up even more in the editing.
"Yeah, I was here that night," Dante said. "Didn't see nothin' though."
"Mr. Black, you told me on the phone you were a witness to the murder," Kaley said into the microphone. She moved it in front of Dante for his answer.
"Nope. Just wanted to see you in person sweetheart."
"Shut it down Jamar. We're done here," she said, looking into the camera.
"Keep that camera rollin Jamar. Jamar's a friend of mine," Dante said, his deep voice rumbling smoothly. "You know you the finest ofallthem news girls?" Dante pulled her to him roughly and kissed her as his big hand palmed her round tit.
"Mr. Black! Stop this! Jamar!"
"Yeah, that's right," Dante said. His other hand pushed up Kaley's dress and squeezed her silk-panty covered ass. "Jamar wants some too."
The huge man kissed her again as his fingers found her pussy. Her distress turned to short moans in Dante's mouth, sounding halfway between fear and desire. Jamar walked toward Kaley from behind the camera. Dante handed her off to him.
"Jamar, what the hell! We work together!" Kaley said, just before Jamar's lips locked on to hers.
Dante ripped her dress open like it was made of paper and Kaley screamed into Jamar's mouth. Suddenly, the play-acting was over. She was right in the middle of the story she was trying to tell, in a way she never dreamed she would be — her favorite dress in shreds, her body electric, two black men towering over her, about to take her whether she really wanted it or not. That was the thing that shocked her the most — she still wasn't sure.
A moaning, masculine mouth on her pussy pulled her farther along toward the answer. She wanted Dante to keep doingthat, that was for sure! It feltgood!She'd never had two mouths on her before, one kissing and one licking. It was kinda freakin' awesome!
Jamar took off her bra and lowered her to a couch. The toplessness shocked her into reality for a moment and she glanced into the darkness at Tucker and Marsha and Chip. They looked calm and reassuring. Jamar pulled off her panties as she watched Dante open his pants. All right, what the fuck, she thought, this is gettingreal!Dante's pants were off and Jamar had settled in between Kaley's legs, feasting on pretty pink newsgirl pussy. Before she could get her wits about her Dante's spongy monster was in her mouth.
Fuck! she thought. It's not even hard and I can barely get my lips around it! Jesus Christ, Jamar knows what to lick! Holy fuck! Here we go!
Dante picked her up, right off the ground, and placed her over the back of the couch. A big hand went through her wetness from behind. She knew it was time, and closed her eyes.
Dante pressed his hardening shaft into her. To Kaley it felt crazy. Crazy huge. Crazy to be there, doing what she was doing. Crazywowas it started to fill her full. Crazy deep. Crazy that it wasn't even all the way in yet!Holy fuckin' shit!Godno!It can'tbe!Thatbig!Thatdeep!
"Fuck!...Me!" she screamed as Dante started to thrust.
God he loved little pink girls! They were like candy when they were naked. Sweet, sugary candy. Fucking a Channel 4 newsgirl's succulent little pussy was the sweetest thing yet!
Kaley's mouth was open as wide as her eyes as Dante's fucking picked up in intensity.
"Fuckin' give it to me!" she said, not a trace of news voice left, just a breathy, almost growlingly sexy voice of lust.
She reached for Jamar's cock. Into her mouth it went. The white-meat spit-roast was starting to cook. It only took twenty seconds or so for the heat to start rising within her, and not long after that an orgasm took her, Dante's slithering monster driving her body to a kind of wild, unbridled release that nearly scared her. She'd never in her life felt out of control before, and there it was, a feeling of pure, out-of-control energy that she couldn't — and didn't want to — do anything about.
Kaley nearly laughed when she came back to reality. She did chuckle a little, in a chuffing, 'I can't speak' kind of way.
"Jesus!" she whispered when the men switched places.
She gobbled up the sticky taste of herself on Dante and Jamar sank himself into her hot, wet pussy.
"Oh yeah baby!" Jamar said as he went deep. "You're fuckin' beautiful! You like our black cocks baby?"
"Mmm hmm," she moaned onto her mouthful of Dante. "Fuckin' huge," she mumbled. "Godit's so deep..."
Jamar fucked her for a good long time, the heat slowly building...building...building, until Kaley erupted once again, her head thrown back, a long, gargley groan emanating from her depths. Oh yeah, she said to her self. Oh fuckin'yeah!
Dante sat on the couch and slouched to the point of being almost flat, his long legs way out on the floor. Kaley straddled him and sunk down on the big cock, both of them so slippery the massive thing went in like a dream. She rode him like a slutty porn star, her tits bouncing with a mind all their own. Jamar sat on the arm of the couch, stroking his own cock, smiling at Channel 4's best reporter as she let herself go wild. He was amazed at how little time it took her to transform, from nervous to fucking free. Something about Tucker's studio did that to women. He'd seen it time and time again.
Kaley, too, thought about it for a moment, when she saw Jamar watching her. 'What the fuck am Idoing?', and 'oh my God Ilovethis!' were the two thoughts swirling wildly in her head. It was a wickedly powerful mental cocktail, and she bounced even harder on the monster cock as yet another orgasm built, this one a quiet, slow burn that made her toes curl.
She needed to feel the glorious sticky heat of Dante's orgasm-maker in her mouth again, so she dropped to her knees between his legs. She took in the sight of her two small hands stroking the huge, slippery black hunk of meat and then she inhaled it into her mouth. After some desperately hungry slurping and she was up again. She lay herself down on her side with Dante behind her, spread her legs wide and he slid in again. She watched and was amazed at how her sloppy pussy devoured the big cock, balls deep in one thrust. Her eyes rolled. Jamar put one knee on the couch next to her head and offered her what she wanted. Full at both ends again. Yeah, she liked that.
Dante was slapping into her pink sweetness when Afreeka strutted onto the set, already naked, his swollen cock hanging like a club between his big, tattooed thighs. Kaley couldn't believe he was there. Afreeka?Threehuge black cocks? God almighty, they're gonna gang-bang me!
Tucker had debated on whether to include Afreeka. He didn't want to ambush Kaley, but when he'd called to tell her the time for the shoot he'd asked about Afreeka and she'd acted strange. There was definitely a fascination there, a deep curiosity, and that was what the whole interracial thing was all about. At least that's the way Tucker saw it. He figured if she really wanted to write the story of it she needed to go all the way. He could tell that Afreeka, in Kaley's eyes, was all the way.
Dante pulled out after building to a furious pummeling that made Kaley scream. Afreeka grabbed her legs, pivoted her around the opposite way and pulled her ass up onto the arm of the couch. Dante held her arms down on the cushion. Afreeka spread her legs wide and rammed his cock in.
"Little white girl wanna be fucked?" he said, thrusting hard as Kaley screamed. "Little fuckin' newsgirl wanna be fucked like a motherfucker?"
Two more hard thrusts and he was home, each thrust after that pounding hard against her, rattling her bones. Her screams turned into something different, still loud and visceral, but giving away her pleasure. The pounding was violent, yes, but it was magnificent. She came again, wild and so wet, maybe even squirting which she'd never done before, and her mind went to mush.
Afreeka pulled out and Jamar went in. Kaley was lost in a heavenly dream. Afreeka took over the head spot from Dante, holding Kaley's arms as he tea-bagged her mouth with his cock, pinning her head to the cushion. He fucked her mouth till she gagged, her face bright red.
"Yeah, little newsgirl. Take that fuckin' cock!"
Jamar was in deep, and God he felt good! Kaley couldn't believe how long and deep andsmoothhis cock felt as it plunged to the very core of her. He was gentle and loving, the complete opposite of Afreeka's violent, pounding thrusts. She was surprised how much shelikedAfreeka's almost brutal style, but Jamar, yes! Her pussy responded and a warm, gushing orgasm swept through her without warning.
"Little newsgirl cummin'?" Afreeka said. "Yeah, little newsgirlcummin'!Big black cock make youcum!"
His cock was still stuffed in Kaley's mouth, muffling her crying moans. Tears rolled down the sides of her face from the beautiful intensity of it all. She was lost in the rawest, most intense sex of her life, and she fuckin' loved it.
Dante put his hand on Jamar's shoulder and switched places with him, sinking his massive shaft balls deep. His technique was halfway between Jamar's sweetness and Afreeka's roughness, and Kaley loved that too.
"Fuck me!" she said quietly but forcefully through clenched teeth. "Yeah!...Fuck me!...Fuck me!"
Dante did. With her ass up on the couch the way it was, her head and tits were lower, and gravity did wonderful things to her smooth round tits. They flailed wildly as Dante's fucking reached epic levels.
"Fuck!...Oh Yeah!" she screamed.
"Yeah! Little newsgirl! You fuckin' now baby!" Afreeka said as he watched.
Kaley's long extended scream went down in pitch, like a slide trombone, as a massive orgasm melted her insides. It was the crescendo of the session, and it felt to Kaley like heaven and earth collided in a massive explosion. Afreeka and Jamar were primed and ready, Dante pulled out, and three gushers splattered the writhing, wildly orgasmic girl with cum.
When Tucker thought she'd recovered enough to speak, he gave everyone a signal. Dante plunged back deep inside her, Afreeka sat down next to her and Jamar walked around behind the couch. Kaley, breathing hard, head still spinning, reached for the two men's cocks, one in each hand, looked into the camera and spoke in a breathless voice...
"Reporting live from the East Side...Kaley Newman...NewsChannel 4."
There was a moment of silence before everyone erupted in laughter. Everyone except Kaley. She was silent, taking in the good vibes with a look of surprised wonder on her sweaty, mascara stained, cum spattered face. She'd lived her fantasy and she still couldn't quite believe it.
———————
"I knew it. I fuckin' knew it," Jenn said when Kaley told her about her on-camera experience. "I woulda done the same thing. My God though, allthreeof 'em?"
"I only expected two. Tucker surprised me with Afreeka."
"He's the scary one, right? Oh my God," Jenn said. "So what now? Aren't you worried someone will say something?"
"Tucker made them all sign a confidentiality agreement. He says he's done it before a few times. From what I understand someone from local government brought his wife in for a birthday present. But yeah, I'm a little nervous about it. I get the only copy of the video when he's done editing it. It'll be pretty funny when one of my relatives finds it when I die," Kaley laughed.
"Three huge black guys," Jenn said, shaking her head. "I can't even imagine. Can I see the video when it's done?"
"You want to?" Kaley said, sounding surprised. "I don't know Jenn."
"Yeah, you'll show me. We'll have too many drinks some night and you'll be on the big screen screamin' for black dick. Did you scream?"
"OhGoddid I scream! Silence was not an option."
———————
Kaley's book — Black Me! Black Me hard! An Insider's Story of Interracial Recreational Sex and BBC porn — came out a year later and cracked the bestseller's list. She wrote it without anyone knowing except Jenn. Not even her boyfriend knew. She'd met him soon after her wild foursome at Tucker's, a handsome graduate student from Cameroon, with a tall, soccer player's body and dark ebony skin. You know what they say — once you go black...