*Author's note: This is a follow up to my story An Athlete's Wardrobe Malfunction. I suggest reading that first for context and information about the characters although I hope this story will entertain you as a stand alone work. Thanks for reading.
It didn't take long for Amy to give up on the idea of putting aside her public exposure fun.
Having so many people see her ass and, albeit fleetingly, her pussy was too much of a buzz to not keep going.
The more she looked back on the experience, the more she realised she'd also enjoyed having the fan page guy watch her masturbate.
It may not have been planned but it was a thrill and something she definitely wanted to try again.
The reaction to her 'accidental' exposure was a rush in itself. Her fan page was gaining some serious traffic and reading the comments on the various photographs of that day had led Amy to some fantastic orgasms.
She loved the compliments users made about her body. But what she enjoyed even more were the really dirty remarks. The ones where these anonymous people talked about what they'd like to do to her or how they'd cum while looking at her pictures.
By the time the next track meeting came around she was resolved to put on another show for her fans. But again she needed it to seem accidental.
None of her coaches or teammates had questioned whether losing her shorts was bad luck or by design. In fact most people had avoided the subject and those who'd mentioned it to her were all sympathetic and embarrassed on her behalf.
Amy had played along with this and politely thanked them each time for their understanding while inside she was delighted by the attention and the confirmation that her secret remained in place.
Unlike the previous competition when she'd meticulously prepared, Amy still had no idea what she was going to do when she arrived at her latest track meet. Then fate intervened.
It was raining. Not just raining but pouring down. This gave Amy an idea. She rushed from her car into the athlete's entrance and then to the locker room.
Rummaging through her kit bag, she pulled out her white cropped shirt and matching shorts. 'Yes these will be perfect,' she thought to herself as she undressed.
As many people now knew, the 19-year-old didn't wear anything under her tiny shorts, but this time she also opted to forgo her sports bra. The thin material of her shirt felt good on her nipples and she was already sensing excitement as she put on her tracksuit.
To her relief it was still raining when she made her way out into the stadium. She'd been picked to do the 400 metres this week. Initially she'd been disappointed as that would mean less time in front of the crowd then taking part in the long jump. But now she was just excited to see if her latest 'accidental' exposure would live up to her hopes.
Amy joined her competitors on the track and they each fixed their starting blocks into position and began warming up with stretches and light jogging then some practice starts.
She scanned the crowd and saw it was pretty full especially considering the weather. There was no sign of the fan page man but she presumed, and hoped, he'd be there somewhere with his camera ready.
'Two minutes ladies!' yelled the starting marshal.
After one last practice start, Amy walked to her kit bag and pulled off her tracksuit bottoms. She felt the rain against her bare legs adding to her anticipation. Whipping off her tracksuit top she looked down and could immediately see her plan was taking effect.
Her white top was soaked within seconds and she could make out the outline of her areolas while her rapidly stiffening nipples appeared like they were trying to burst through the material.
Amy glanced further down and saw her shorts too were soaked and the shape of her pussy lips could clearly be seen. She hoped the people in the crowd would notice and to try to speed up the process she bounced up and down making her boobs jiggle and her shorts ride up into her ass crack.
This wasn't quite as good as being totally naked but it was close and she was loving it. Looking into the crowd she spotted several people with their phones out taking pictures and a handful of media photographers had suddenly appeared trackside.
Amy tried to act normally and pretend like nothing was happening but by now it wasn't just the rain that was making her shorts wet!
'In lane four representing the Harriers we have Amy Reynolds,' said the stadium announcer over the tannoy.
Amy waved as she heard her name and there was a noticeably louder cheer for her than any of her competitors. Her shirt was now clinging to her breasts. She must have looked like she was taking part in a wet T-Shirt competition, she thought with a giggle as she made her way to her starting position.
The starter's gun went off and Amy launched herself from her blocks and was quickly into her stride. Rain pouring down onto her, she sprinted around the first bend as adrenaline filled her body.
Without the support of a bra, her boobs bounced violently as she ran. It wasn't good for her athletic performance but that was no longer her primary interest.
The rain pounded into her face as she ran and water splashed up off the track onto her legs. With so little clothing covering her it almost felt like running through a shower and her body was tingling with excitement thinking of the view the crowd was getting.
As she crossed the finish line in fourth place, she breathlessly came to a halt and gazed down. Her shirt was effectively see-thru and it was only thanks to the elastic around the edges that you could tell it was there at all. The same was true of her tiny shorts which now more resembled a thong as they'd completely ridden up and were wedged between her butt cheeks.
Amy shook hands with her competitors as she sought to prolong her time on the track and therefore her time being exposed. A couple of them gave her strange looks but she didn't care.
Making her way off the track she was approached by several autograph hunters and people wanting to take selfies with her. This was quite unusual for a track meet at this level but Amy had a sneaking suspicion of what was making her so popular especially as few of her admirers were making eye contact with her. Most were staring at her sodden shirt and she loved every minute.
'Great race,' said one man, 'can I get a picture?'
'Sure,' said Amy, 'but I'm not happy with fourth place so it really wasn't such a great race.'
The man laughed and handed his phone to a friend to take the photograph. 'I didn't mean the result,' he replied, 'I meant great for us to see your tits in that shirt.'
Amy was a little taken aback at the man's words but also excited to get confirmation that her plan had worked. He put his arm around her shoulders and they posed for the picture with her sticking her chest out slightly to give a better angle of her boobs.
After the photo was taken the man slid his arm down her back and brushed his hand against her still bare butt cheek giving it a little squeeze. Instinctively Amy moved away.
'Hey!' she said.
'Come on,' responded the man, 'you know you like it.'
It was true, Amy did like it but she knew she couldn't let him or anyone else know that so she put on her best pout and said: 'I don't think so. I'm an athlete not a stripper.'
The man laughed again. 'Whatever you say,' he said, 'you'd probably make a heck of a stripper though.'
Without waiting for a response he walked away still chuckling and admiring the picture his friend had taken.
Amy headed into the locker rooms. Her head was spinning with what she'd just done. She removed her track spikes and peeled off her soaking clothes. After a quick shower, where she somehow resisted the strong urge to pleasure herself, she dressed and went back out to the car park.
She'd just got into her vehicle when there was a knock on the passenger side window. Amy looked up. It was the website man.
Leaning across, she opened the door and he got in the car. 'Hello again,' he said grinning, 'I didn't know if you'd ignore me or what after our last encounter.'
'Yeah well it's raining so I thought I'd be nice,' she replied.
'Oh cool,' said the man, 'I got some great pics of you today. White shirt, no bra was an inspired choice.'
'I don't know what you mean,' said Amy, still trying to act coy.
'Yeah cause not Amy,' said the man, 'Anyway I've never been so pleased it rained. You have fantastic tits. The whole wet look thing really suited you. Traffic to my site will be massive when I upload these photos. I should put up a paywall.'
Amy was flattered by his compliments and thrilled by the prospect of seeing his pictures. She was even more excited by the thought of other people seeing them and what they might say.
'If you do, I should get half the money,' she joked.
'Of course,' he replied with a smile, 'If you did a few, should we say, private pics it's definitely something that could make us both a fair bit. You've got a lot of fans who I'm sure would love to see more of you.'
Amy felt that addicting tingle of excitement course through her body. She was really turned on now but again her rational side reminded her that she had to act like all her exposure was merely unfortunate coincidences.
'Well that'll not be happening,' she said, trying to sound appalled at the crude suggestion but secretly desperate to do it.
'Perhaps,' said the man, 'any chance of repeating your little show from last week? I promise no pictures. It'd be our secret.'
Amy was incredibly horny by this point and her base instincts were now firmly overruling her rational side. Surprising herself almost as much as she did the website man, she nodded and pulled down her pants.
'Oh fuck!' said the man, 'I was only joking but...'
'Well if you don't want to watch you can get out,' said Amy with a teasing look on her face.
'Hell no!' said the man.
'Well shut up and watch closely then,' she replied as she began rubbing the outside of her private area before slipping a finger inside and getting to work.
With all the excitement of the last hour or so and the close attention of her biggest fan, it didn't take long before Amy had three fingers deep inside her pussy and was on the verge of cummimg.
She looked at the man. Just like last time he was staring at her transfixed and she noticed he was rubbing his clearly hard cock through his pants.
Briefly she was tempted to tell him to get it out but then her fingers suddenly achieved their goal and she orgasmed hard. Biting on her lip to stop herself from crying out and drawing the attention of any passers-by, she came in a wave of pleasure leaving a noticeable wet patch on her seat.
As she regained her senses, she pulled up her pants and turned to the man. He was clearly hard as a rock which was something she was delighted to see.
'Enjoy that?' she questioned, already knowing the answer.
'Errrr,' mumbled the man, 'yes, yes I sure did. Fuck yes.'
Amy giggled. 'Off you go then,' she said motioning for him to leave the vehicle, 'I look forward to seeing your pictures on the website later.'
Awkwardly moving due to his erection, the man left the car without speaking. He closed the door but then opened it again almost immediately.
'What you got planned for next meet?' he asked.
'Oh,' said Amy, 'I plan to do my best and hopefully win.'
'Ha, ha. You know what I mean,' replied the man.
'I'm sure I don't,' said Amy, 'Anything you may have seen has happened purely by accident. I'd never expose myself in public like that on purpose. I'm just unlucky. Or maybe you're just lucky.'
'Yeah, yeah. I believe you I don't think,' said the man.
'Well you'll just have to wait and see,' responded Amy with a grin, 'who knows what mishaps might happen to me next?'
The man laughed and closed the car door again before walking off. As he disappeared, Amy replayed the events of the afternoon in her mind.
What a buzz it had all been although she was a little shocked at herself for masturbating in front of the website guy once more. She didn't even know his name!
Starting the engine and then setting off for home, she thought about the fan page and what its users would say about her wet show. The anticipation was making her horny again and she knew she'd be getting her dildo out tonight.
There was only one problem. How was she going to follow this up? She had, for all intents and purposes, just run a lap of the track with everything she had on display barring some thin and soaking wet material.
How could she top that? At this point she didn't know the answer. However, she knew she was going to try. The public exposure bug had well and truly bitten her and she wasn't interested in a cure!