Introduction:
This is the report of my first naked walk in spring; it took place when we still had to cope with the most severe lock down measures over here where still valid. I wrote down my experiences directly after our little adventure.
Preparing:
To us the lock down was bearable, as we still had a large house in the middle of a large garden in the center of a large walking area. In our country we all were allowed to walk with two (if from one family or one friend) or to ride a bicycle from home as much as we like as long as we keep a safe distance of 5 ft to other people; in cities this worked out terribly, but in the countryside it is OK, at least for us. We were both looking forward to my naked walk adventure the next day.
John said he intended to save his cum, reserving it for when having a break in our hike.
I said, "We'll see about that later on tonight!"
In normal circumstances, there are usually lots of people along the normal part of the walking area, so we like to drive by car to a quiet part of the woods for our walks to start.
On the next morning, we planned to start with a walk of about 20 minutes to arrive at a bench for walkers. This is the ideal spot for me to undress (and dress up again when returning) and to put on anti-tick spray. That is John's job. He is used to that and is very precise about it, so he does not miss a spot. A second round for the tick spray is where we rub each other when we take our break.
Of course, I'll start with John first. You can't be too careful with that, because we never want to contract Lyme disease! When we return home, we always inspect each other completely for ticks, and we have never had one yet, so far. To make sure I am careful to walk on spots with a rough surface, I put a pair of flip flops in John's bag, because my bag with my shoes and clothes will be left behind, well-hidden near the bench.
We had already walked the trail; it's beautiful. It's a path along a small river in a gorge; sometimes at water level and sometimes on the high end. We planned to aim for a spot we can reach in about 25 minutes to have a good break before we return.
The execution the next morning:
This morning worked out fine; like I said, it was our first adventure this outdoor season!
We started on time as planned, after my shower I put my hair up, which has become my habit lately on practical grounds before going on for our gigs, did my make-up and then applied a layer of suncream on my body assisted by John, so I would only need an additional application of anti-tick fluid later on once reaching the bench where I was going to change.
It was still cold outside and therefore John allowed me in addition to take a short open waistcoat along in case it would be too cold for going totally nude.
After dressing up, we went on our way. The weather was fine and we had a nice conversation about nature in spring and about all kinds of things we saw and noticed. The terrain made us pay close attention how and where to put our feet, but no more than normal.
After some twenty minutes, we reached our first goal, the bench where I was to change.
It's situated on a spot with a magnificent view of two mountain rivers coming together, and then continuing as one.
We stopped, sitting down on the bench and resting our bags at our feet while enjoying the view. I opened my backpack to get out the plastic bag and started to take off my boots, putting my socks in them and then my shoes into the bag. Once I was in just my bare feet, I got up to put the small towel on the bench to sit on once I would be naked. Taking off my clothes piece by piece I folded them, assisted by John putting them in my backpack.
Once ready, John took the vial of anti-tick spray, sprayed and massaged it in before I sat down on the towel to do my feet. Handing both my backpack and plastic bag with my shoes to John he handed me my small makeup pouch he had with him, I opened it and checked my makeup in the mirror and after updating my lashes I handed it back to him. He took all my belongings with him, hiding them somewhere nearby. Where exactly it was, as always in these circumstances by mutual agreement, none of my business. I gave it over to John and relaxed in the sun on the bench. This was the moment I longed for during winter! I enjoyed this well-known excited feeling of freedom and sexiness mixed together, proud and fear at the same time, knowingly being cut off from all my clothes or anything to cover up with if anyone would come up.
John came back and sat down next to me, enjoying the scenery together for some time. John laid his hand on my belly playing a bit with my pubic hair that I wear, trimmed in a triangle shape pointing at my clitoris that was swollen and visible already. After a while he invited me to stand up, saying, "Shall we?" as he handed me my waistcoat.
I answered him, "OK", taking the waistcoat over my arm as it was a lovely temperature in the bright sun. Not needing to wear it, John put the towel on which I was seated before in his bag and we went on our way. As the path was narrow, I went behind him at the start.
We went for some time without any problem. I did have to place my feet very carefully to avoid hurting myself, which slowed us down. The path went down into shadows, so I had to use the waistcoat to stay warm. I also asked John for my flip flops that I put on.
Then we noticed a pair of mountain-bikers were coming in our direction. As we were following a small path, we stepped aside, waiting for them so they could pass. John asked me to take off my waistcoat, I said: "Of course, I will", then took it off and gave it to him. Although I felt nervous feeling a shiver going down my spine taking it off, I felt my pussy getting wet by the thought of the inevitable exposure coming up. I felt a blush coming up starting between my breasts going all the way up to my face. I hoped that it wouldn't be visible and then grabbed John's hand, waiting for them to pass.
When they turned their heads, I waved at them. One of them whistled while they continued on their way as we did ours. John said he was proud of me, how I handled the encounter; I stopped and kissed him while he gallantly helped me in my waistcoat again. He gave me a hand and we continued our walk.
Once back in the sun on higher grounds, when the soil became more even, I took off my waistcoat and flip flops and handed it all to John who put it all in his bag. Without further encounters and disturbance, we reached our goal, the place to take our break. We went away from the path to enter a meadow where we spread our blanket.
Now it was John's turn to undress too; I was happy to help him in folding his clothes when they came off, storing them in his backpack, and handing me the vial of anti-tick fluid I sprayed him in, massaging it all over his skin. After that he put his backpack out of reach, leaving the two of us together naked and ready for having sex as we like most on our blanket under the bright sun. We kissed and started to fondle and stimulate one another manually, after which we turned in place for our favorite position, sixty-nine that we continued, me on top as usual, until I noticed John was almost going to cum as he started moaning with his mouth still on- and his tongue in my pussy... I took over with my hands licking his dick now and then concentrating on my own orgasm. When I started to come myself, I took his dick in my mouth again, sucking him hard to orgasm together receiving his cum in my mouth. We had our relief simultaneously; me swallowing his powerful shots of cum one after another until he was done. I managed to swallow all, after which I thanked him for this lovely and inspiring walk so far. When we had dried our faces and genitals, we laid back hand in hand next to one another enjoying the Sunday sun.
We dozed off and when we woke up, I asked John what time it was. We had slept for about an hour. It was time to go home before more people might cross our trail. John went for his gear and dressed up while I folded our blanket and took a seat on top until he was dressed again, handing me my makeup pouch. After I had updated my makeup I handed it back to John I was ready to leave. I stood up and handed him the folded blanket that also went in his bag and we went on our way.
After some time I needed my flip flops again so we stopped and as the cover of the woods made the path cool, I also asked for my waistcoat to stay comfortable.
We noticed there was a person behind us, and as he was faster than us, John decided to wait for him to pass. Again, I felt nervous and excited at the same time, because of his decision and the outcome to be on display again. We stepped to the side of the path, waiting for our follower, me with just flip flops and wearing only my open waistcoat.
As the encounter was inevitable, I felt more or less secure, hand in hand with John, receiving the strength of his firmness in this situation.
Once our 'follower' came quite near, I felt his staring eyes on me, checking all of my body, feeling my excitement taking over. I said: "Hi, good afternoon!"
He stopped, saying: "Allow me to say, it feels very special meeting a couple with the woman being so sexily and tastefully dressed...!"
I thanked him for his compliment and, as it was not allowed to go with three persons, John suggested for us to walk together having a chat to prevent creating more problems than necessary in the rare case we would meet officials as we went in the same direction.
That was OK with Peter as he presented himself, so we continued in this new formation...
As I told him, this was our first walk with me naked this year, I informed him about our way of living and amusement while he had all eyes on me, my bouncing breasts and body all over. He told about himself living as a single man but enjoying time with several girlfriends regularly. After that, we changed topics and discussed lots of things that were all regarding my nakedness that he enjoyed. As the temperature rose and the soil was sandy again, I stopped to take off my jacket and flip flops, leaving them to John.
When we reached our starting point, the bench with a view, we decided to exchange phone numbers and say in contact as John and I were looking for a cameraman in the future for our homemade video clips (and who knows more) when the social restrictions were done. Peter wrote down our phone-number and handed me his on a piece of paper he had with him.
After that we said goodbye, and Peter waved, continuing on his way.
I took my place on our bench once John had put the towel down. Then it was time for John to recover my gear. After a few minutes, he returned with my backpack and shoes in it. We sat down and discussed our walk, the things that happened on our little adventure and meeting our new friend. I dressed and we went home where we enjoyed drinks, looking back on a well spent morning. We sat back on the sofa and started stroking again, ready to check each other thoroughly for ticks...