Cody was hung over again, and Hal dared not rouse her. She lay curled against Hal, her warm, soft body pressing into his, but with her head sandwiched between two pillows.
"Not again," he thought. He checked the clock, and looked around the room. The laptop and hard drive sat on the table across the room. Cody's cheergirl skirt and top lay on the floor. The bed was a mess from Hal and Cody fucking for an hour.
Hal grew hard as he recalled how roughly he'd fucked Cody. He held himself back from cumming as she let him jerk himself off against her bare wrinkled soles while she kept her toes pointed and teased him mercilessly about his fetish. When she wouldn't stop teasing him, Hal had surprised himself with the dark part of him that came out in response. The memory played in his mind: of him suddenly dropping her foot and flipping her onto her stomach, pinning her head to the mattress, and holding her down as he entered her from behind without warning. Cody squealed. Hal fucked her hard from behind, with her butt in the air, thrusting into her puffy pussy, still sopping from how turned on she'd become on the dance floor. Cody sucked in her breath as he impaled her, and then went "Unh... unh... unh" with each thrust.
Most surprising of all was that he'd choked Cody as he fucked her. Hal's hands had slid to her throat as he thrust into her. Cody's hands went to his and held them there. He'd hesitated, confused, as he felt her hands gently squeeze his against her throat. A switch inside his mind flipped, and he began to thrust into her harder and squeezed his hands firmly, compressing her elongated neck. Cody's hips had risen in response.
"Daddy! Ah-a-"
Her voice was suddenly cut off.
Then silence.
"Kggh... kggh..." she croaked. Her hips bucked.
Hal felt Cody's vagina grab him from deep inside her as she began to cum.
"Kh- kgh..."
More silence. She arched her back and pointed her toes hard, her exposed, bare soles wrinkling, and her body taut and quivering as she was asphyxiated.
"Kgh..."
Cody's choking noises sent Hal over the edge and he came hard.
Then he collapsed on her, and his hands slid away from her neck. Cody sucked in her breath audibly and coughed. Then she began panting raggedly. Hal scooped her in his arms in a flash.
"Oh God Princess, I'm so sorry! Are you okay? I... I don't know what happened. I just..."
Her hand reached up and covered his mouth."It's okay Daddy," she rasped. "I liked it."
They had held each other in the half-light, for what seemed like forever, before Hal heard Cody's drunk snoring. He'd kissed her softly on her brow, listened to her for a while, and let himself fall asleep.
Now, with the morning light coming through the crack in the curtains, she lay suffering with her hangover. Hal needed to get up and get to Oakland. He stroked the golden curls of her hair softly while pondering the situation. It was at least 90 minutes to Oakland, plus offload time. His time off began after that.
Hal slipped out of bed and showered with the bathroom door open. He jerked himself off in the shower thinking about Cody teasing him as she jerked him off with her bare feet, and then about choking Cody as she came. He exploded on the shower tiles and moaned. Cody snored through it.
Dressing and rustling around with his bag did not rouse Cody. She kept softly snoring. He sat down on a chair and pondered some more. Then he reached for the memo pad and pen on the table with the motel logo and scribbled out a message.
"Dear Princess,
I've gone to Oakland to meet my deadline. I will be back for you later today
and drive you to L.A.
Please wait for me. I love y"
Hal stopped writing.
"Shit," he thought. He scribbled out "I love y" until it wasn't legible, and signed the note. He left it on the night table with a wad of money, left his laptop set up on the table, kissed Cody on the forehead, and slipped out the door.
Hal stopped in at the motel office and booked the room for another night before climbing into the rig and setting off for Oakland. He drove as fast as he could, being mindful of his GPS tracker. His empty stomach growled and he pulled briefly off the highway to grab a bagel and coffee.
The depot in Oakland was in the docklands and Hal knew it from previous hauls. He rolled up to the chain-link gate after about two hours, with a hiss of air brakes. The agent at the gate recognized him as he checked Hal in.
"You get delayed this run?" he asked, as Hal signed his clipboard. Hal shrugged nonchalantly and trundled the rig into the compund. He waited an excruciating 90 minutes for the trailer to be uncoupled and free the cab. The cab was his, and the trailer was an intermodal unit belonging to the client. Hal phoned the company office, clocked out and switched off his GPS with a sigh of relief. The time was finally his. He ignored his growling stomach and turned the truck back towards Sacramento.
The drive back was worse, both with traffic and with Hal mind-fucking himself. There was nothing stopping Cody from letting herself out of the motel room and hitching a new ride south to L.A. on her own. Cody was a free spirit who didn't seem to have any difficulty leaving everything behind in Buffalo, nor did she seem to have a knack for concrete planning. There wasn't any solid way Hal could ever track her down if she wandered off on her own. Besides, Cody had been very drunk again last night and had completely displayed herself on the dance floor before getting unusually kinky and dark in bed. This morning, she probably felt like a little binge-drinking whore, and would slink off in self-judging shame, seeking penance. Like joining a convent, or something.
Half of Hal knew that this was the part where he was supposed to be headed back to Macon. The other half of Hal reached for his mobile and scrolled through his contacts, keeping one eye on the road. It was was stupid and dangerous with a rig, but Hal wanted currency if he got back and found Cody. Rob answered and Hal put him on speakerphone.
"My god, Hal, how the hell are you?"
"I'm great. Long time Rob, how are you?"
"Just the same."
And so on. Hal waited an appropriate time before broaching the subject.
"How's the restaurant business?"
"Never been better. I've expanded to three locations in Pasadena, Culver City and Rialto."
"Whoa sounds great. You need any wait staff?"
"Always."
"I have one for you, she's young, energetic and could use the gig."
"Sure, send me her resume. How old is she?"
"Eighteen."
Rob was silent for a short moment. "Oh," he said. "Well, we need 'em 21-and-up here, you know that right."
"Thought legal serving age was 18?"
"Yeah it is, but I need my staff to work bartending as well, which is 21. So they need to have the training on their resume and be 21. Besides, Hal, geez, 18 is a bit young don't you think? Who is this, your niece?" Rob laughed. Hal fake-laughed back and tried to hide the disappointment in his voice.
"Yeah, yeah, my niece. Oh well, no worries, I'll get back to you in three years again, then." They did a bro laugh, made empty bro promises and Hal hung up. He fingered the mysterious Blair's business card, which he'd tucked away on the dash and kept driving resolutely eastward.
Hal made it back to the motel by late afternoon, and rolled the truck right up to the parking space outside the motel door. He took up the spot plus slices of the ones on either side, but he didn't care. There wasn't a trailer hooked to the back, and Hal felt light and nimble. He jumped out of the cab and jimmied the keys in the door. The curtains were mostly drawn over the window and he couldn't see inside. He opened the door and stepped in, holding his breath.
"What took you so long?"
She was a heavenly sight and Hal burst with relief. "Princess!"
She was perched on the chair at the table with her knees drawn up to her chest, arching her bare feet as her toes dipped over the edge of the chair. She had rifled through Hal's bag and pulled out his big, grey hoodie, and was wearing it with the hood up. The laptop screen glowed, and her hand was working the mouse. Hal dumped his stuff, strode over and swiped the hood off her brow. She had washed her hair and done it up in a bun, and she had obviously showered. Her smelled wonderful and she smelled fresh. He kissed her forehead and embraced her. She kissed him on the cheek.
"How are you doing? Are you feeling okay?"
"Yes Daddy," she said. She pointed to the screen. "Been doing some editing."
Hal pulled up the other chair and sat down beside her. Her bare legs looked gorgeous in the dim, afternoon light. "What's that?" Hal asked.
"Retouching. With the software," she said. She clicked through eight of the photos Hal had taken over the past days. Hal's images were beginner's images, but Cody made them pop.
"Whoa..." breathed Hal. "How do you do this?"
"Lots of practice. I pre-tweak them in Lightroom." She flipped to a different program and a bank of photos filled the screen. "These are the RAW files from the card. I adjust them and then retouch my skin in Photoshop." She flipped back to the ones she had selected. Hal noticed they were all sexy, but not too revealing.
"What next? Can I get copies of those?"
"Yeah, they're on your hard drive. Next I upload the best to my ModelMayhem account." She flipped to a webpage. Hal saw the ModelMayhem logo, and a wall of models and photographers posting updates underneath a section titled "Announcements," entreating visitors to check out their profile page. Cody clicked to her own profile and Hal's heart leapt into his throat. There was her modelling profile, which until now he'd never seen.
The profile was titled, Cody Alexis, with a short bio, and her location listed as Los Angeles. His eyes swept across the thumbnail gallery of her images. A few he didn't recognize. They looked like they might have been taken in Buffalo, and had an amateurish low-fashion quality about them. Hal reached for the mouse and clicked on one of them. It showed her striking a standing pose in a pair of white slacks, sandals, red tank top and floppy hat in a park.
"When was this?"
"A year ago. It was a practice fashion shoot."
Hal nodded. The rest of the gallery was his images, and they stood out because of Cody's skimpy wardrobe and bare feet. Hal clicked on each one, one after the other.
"You look so hot," he breathed. Cody giggled.
"I picked the tame ones," she said. "But they're already getting tons of comments."
"I see that," said Hal. "Who are these guys?"
"Other photographers."
"Really? Are you sure?" Hal scanned down the comments under the photo of Cody in her tiny jean mini skirt posing at the motel in Lakepoint. It was a shot where her bum cheeks were not showing, nor her breasts, but she was tantalizingly close to showing something. The comments included,
"Oh my god!!"
"You are a heavenly angel!"
"So damn sexy!"
"Lovely legs!"
Along with,
"Would love to work with you."
"Come to Tampa and let's shoot at my condo!"
Cody laughed. "They're guys with cameras, but some of them are pro."
"Uh-huh," Hal nodded. He clicked on others and read through the comments. Between looking at Cody wearing his hoodie, and reading the comments from horny "photographers," Hal was hard. The sound of Cody's choking noises came to him in a flashback and he closed his eyes momentarily to calm himself.
"Don't be jealous, Daddy," she said softly. Hal opened his eyes.
"I'm not jealous baby girl." He took the mouse and clicked back to Lightroom. He scrolled to their latest motel shoot from the previous day, and stopped at the series of Cody kneeling on the patio chair, looking over her shoulder as her little cheer skirt popped up above her bare bum cheeks. He found a selection that had the best of her pointed toes and wrinkled soles combined with a slice of her pert little bare cheeks peeking out, and double-clicked it. "Edit that one," he said.
Cody looked at him with wide eyes. "Oh Hal, I couldn't. It's super-revealing!"
"Please? For me?" They looked at each other.
"Hmmm. Just this one," she said.
Hal watched her as her expert fingers flew the cursor over the photo. He watched it brighten, sharpen, straighten and change in colour temperature. She exported the file with a swift couple of mouse clicks and it magically opened up into Photoshop. He watched in awe as she zoomed in on her angelic face, somehow zapping out tiny blemishes and making her skin look like a china doll's. She worked her way down the body, touching up her exposed midsection, the cheeks of her bum and the backs of her thighs. When she got to the wrinkled soles of her bare feet, Hal reached out and stilled her hand. "Just leave that the way it is."
Cody looked at him. "Huh? There's dirt on my soles that I need to retouch away."
"Nah leave it," he said.
Cody slowly shook her head and moved on. "Okies," she said, bemused. She zoomed out and then somehow, as if by magic, tweaked the curve of her butt. "Just making it a little more juicy," she murmured. "With the liquify tool."
"Dear God," breathed Hal. Cody reached out and put her hand over Hal's mouth.
"Sssh, you," she giggled. Hal kissed her palm. She brought her hand away, exported the file and saved it to the external drive.
"You're going to upload that right?"
"Um, no?"
They looked at each other. Hal reached out and took the mouse, flipping back to ModelMayhem. He clicked on "Upload."
"Omigod, Hal, no," Cody hissed. "If you upload that to my profile, I'm going to get a hundred horny guys wanting to photograph me wearing the same little skirt and doing the same pose for them with my bare ass cheeks showing."
Hal didn't say anything. The photo came up on the screen with a blank box for the caption. He typed in "Cheeky Cody by Hal the Trucker," then checked a box saying "Make this my profile photo," and hit "Return." Cody watched in stunned silence and then covered her hands with her face as Hal went to the Announcement wall and posted an update: Come check out my new pic!
"Jesus Hal," she squeaked. "You're being evil daddy again."
"I got this," he said quietly, concentrating on the screen.
Within a minute, her mobile started pinging with email notifications as her new photo received comments. Cody covered her eyes and pushed her phone away.
"Aah! Okay, enough. Hal, take me to the vending machine across the parking lot. I want some chips." She got up from the table and went over to her side of the bed where her heels and clothes lay. Hal watched her from behind. For Cody, Hal's hoodie was oversize. On her, it effectively became a baggy but short mini dress that barely cleared her tush. Hal got up and followed her over.
"Chips..." He repeated. Cody's phone vibrated again in the background.
"Yeah, chips. Where's my underwear?"
"You're not wearing panties?" Hal croaked.
"No, I've been indoors all day."
Hal tried to keep his voice calm. "Do you really need panties for such a short trip?" Cody crossed her arms and looked at Hal as if to say, really? Hal shrugged and nonchalantly handed her one of the g-strings, while quietly kicking a pair of full panties underneath the bed, out of sight. Cody looked at it dubiously and then sighed heavily and took it, and pulled it up her legs and underneath the baggy top. She pushed her bare feet into her heeled sandals.
Once outside Hal hung back to let Cody walk ahead as they crossed the parking lot to the motel office. The top kept riding up and exposing the cheeks of her bum as she walked, and Cody kept pulling it back down. Her heels sounded sexy on the asphalt, and her long bare legs seemed to go on for ages. The sleeves of the oversize top were too long for Cody's arms and she kept them scrunched up her forearms and held the cuffs in her fingers. She kept the hoodie up over her head.
The shop door ding-a-linged as they stepped into the motel office. Two vending machines in the corner sold soft drinks and snacks, next to a small selection of road maps and a rack of brochures for local attractions. Hal and Cody were surprised to see Matt the Waiter behind the front desk. Matt was just as surprised to see them. It was an awkward moment. His eyes roamed up and down Cody, and his mouth all but hung open.
"Hey..." they all said awkwardly.
"You do more than work in the lounge I guess," Hal said.
"Yeah, I pitch in for other staff. Jack-of-all-trades. I'm holding the front desk down this afternoon. Hey, look, I'm really very sorry about last night. I didn't want to tell you to leave but my manager made me do it."
Cody had pushed her hoodie down off her head and was shaking her long, golden hair out, combing it with her fingers. "Shit, so we really did get kicked out?" She turned to Hal and hid her face in his chest in shame. It was the first Cody had acknowledged the events of the previous evening. Hal smiled apologetically. He pushed some coins into Cody's hand for the vending machine.
"Well..." he said, his voice trailing off. "She's a model."
Cody snapped her head up and put her fingers to Hal's lips. "Sssh! Hal!"
"Huh?" Matt said. "You're a model? Really?"
Cody turned and went over to the vending machine. As she stooped to retrieve the chips, the top popped up exposing her bare bum. Her free hand immediately tugged it down, but Matt had seen everything. His eyes visibly widened. Cody shuffled back with the chips, looking around. "What's back there?" she asked, pointing to an adjoining area.
"Convenience items," said Matt. "What do you model for?" Cody ignored his eager question and handed Hal the chips.
"Be right back," she said and went into the adjoining room.
"She models for sexy pics," said Hal, shrugging.
"Who takes them?" Matt asked, clearly engrossed by the prospect of being in the presence of a real model.
"I do," said Hal nonchalantly.
"Whoa, seriously? Does she have them online?"
"Yup. ModelMayhem one word dot com forward slash Cody Alexis one word." Hal spoke quietly and slowly and Matt scribbled down the URL on a slip of paper. Cody shuffled back carrying a box of Oreos and a six pack of cold Coors. She put them up on the counter for Matt to ring up.
"Daddy...?" She looked at Hal expectantly. Hal and Matt looked at the beer and looked at each other. Hal cleared his throat and brought out his wallet. No one said a word while Matt rang up the items. Cody wandered over to a key-cutting display and a small rack of cheap, plastic, imitation jewellery. "Daddy...?" She called Hal over.
"Yes Princess?"
Cody picked out a black, lace choker with a tiny silver buckle and encircled it around her slender throat. It was cheap, and made of cheap material meant for kids play, but around her throat it looked alluring. "Buy me this?" She looked at Hal again, expectantly.
"You want me to buy you that, Princess?"
"Yes please, Daddy."
"You like that?"
She spoke quietly. "Yes, I want to wear it."
"Why?"
"So that it reminds us both about how you choked me when you were fucking me last night."
Hal opened his mouth but nothing came out.
Cody stood on her tiptoes and put her lips to Hal's ear. "And thank you for still taking me to L.A." Hal tried not to pant, and took the choker back to the front counter.
"This too," he said to Matt, handing him a twenty dollar bill.
"Hey, do you think I could get a picture with her? Just to prove I met a real model?" Matt offered his smart phone to Hal with the camera already opened. Hal shrugged and took the camera before Cody had a chance to protest.
"Yup!" Hal said. He didn't wait for Cody's approval. They both looked at Cody, who looked back like a doe frozen in headlights.
"Fuck, Hal. Okay. Hang on." Cody frantically fluffed her hair in the security mirror while Matt came out from behind the counter. Cody went over to stand awkwardly beside Matt. Matt put his arm around Cody's shoulder and smiled, pulling her into him. Cody picked up a knee coquettishly, cocked her head to one side, faked a smile, and flashed a V sign. Hal snapped a couple of pictures and then stepped back to get them full length.
"Give him a hug, Princess," he suggested.
Cody turned into Matt and went up on her tiptoes to put her arms around him, and looked at the camera, gamely smiling. Matt hugged back, pulling Cody into him, feeling her breasts against his chest. The oversized hoodie popped up over her rear, exposing a third of her bare bum cheeks. Hal made sure to get the shot just before she tugged her top down over her bum. He got a second shot of her tugging the hem shly. Then he closed the phone and handed it back to Matt with a smile.
"Wow, thank you," Matt gushed as Hal and Cody left the shop. Cody blew him a kiss, unaware of how exposed she had been in the photo, and they returned to their room.
Once back inside, Cody kicked off her heels and went back over to the table, sitting down in front of the laptop. She ripped open the bag of chips and popped the cap off a beer. She handed another beer to Hal as he sat down beside her. Cody tilted her head back and gulped. She lifted her long, smooth bare legs up and placed her bare feet on the table, right beside the laptop. She pointed her toes hard and opened up ModelMayhem.
"Alright, let's see the damage," she said.
Her photo had 15 comments and her inbox had ten private messages with subject titles like, "Shoot?" and "We must collaborate!" and "Urgent: overseas paid shoot opportunity."
"Is that for real?" Hal asked, gesturing at the last one.
Cody had opened it up and was skimming it. She took another swig of beer. "This one's offering to fly me to Dubai, wherever that is," she said.
"Not a chance," muttered Hal.
The photo comments were more of the polite hollering from before. Others tried to disguise their lust with pseudo-gentlemanly smoke screens.
"You are delightful!"
"You look like you're having a lot of fun!"
Others pretended to notice everything about the photo except her exposed bare bum cheeks.
"Love the lighting on this one."
"What lighting," said Hal. "I just used the on-camera flash."
"Very Terry Richardson!" said another.
"Don't ask who he is," said Cody. She flexed her cute pointed bare toes and took another swig.
Hal waited until she was finished her first beer before he gently took the mouse and went back to Lightroom. He scrolled until he found one of his favourites of Cody doing her cheesecake pose, lying on her stomach with her feet kicked up and pointing her toes hard. "That one," Hal said.
Cody popped the cap on her second bottle and didn't say a word. Her fingers expertly worked the controls and made Hal's photo pop. She exported it to Photoshop and retouched her face and legs. Hal noticed she left her feet alone. His eyes kept flicking to her sexy arched bare feet that were up on the table between them. She was languidly rubbing her feet together. Hal could hear the soft hiss of bare skin against bare skin as she pointed and relaxed her toes and let her feet rub against each other. The only other sound was the crunching Cody made as she finished her bag of chips and started in on the Oreos. Hal dared not suggest eating out. He wanted her to post the photo.
When she was done retouching, she pushed the mouse back to Hal and dipped her hand back into the Oreo box without a word. Hal responded, uploading the photo to ModelMayhem and writing "Barefoot Cody points her toes by Hal the Trucker." Once again he flagged the new photo in the announcements. Cody's phone had pinged with more shoot offers while they worked, but within a few minutes of posting her cheesecake photo, new comments and shoot offers came, some of a different sort. Cody took another swig of beer and started reading them.
"Cute pose!"
"Very pinup!"
"You're so beautiful!"
Then came:
"You have very pretty feet!"
"Sexy feet, beautiful soles."
"I love how you're doing The Pose barefoot!"
"What's The Pose?" Cody asked. Hal shrugged. Cody laughed. "Well, I see there's more of your kind out there!" She took her bare feet off the table and put them in Hal's lap. Hal's chest tightened and immediately he began massaging and caressing Cody's feet. "Mmmm," Cody cooed. "Feels nice." Hal's hard-on twitched in his jeans as Cody deliberately pointed her toes and brushed them across his crotch. She smiled knowingly and drank more of her beer. Her phone pinged again as another message came in.
"Are you going to read your messages?" Hal asked.
Cody shook her head. "Not until I'm ready to answer them. If I leave my DMs read but not answered, the guys tend to get pissy about it for some reason."
Hal shook his head. "That's not professional." Cody shrugged, drank more, and let her toes point as Hal caressed them into an arch. Hal lifted her foot up and kissed the top lightly.
"Now be good, Daddy," she whispered.
"You're being Evil Princess," he answered. He leaned forward and looked at her DMs. He pointed at one by a photographer named Foot-oh, titled "Paid work."
"Read that one," said Hal. "We'll answer it." He resumed massaging Cody's feet. Cody shrugged and clicked on the message and read it aloud to Hal.
"Dear Cody, first off I want to tell you what an amazing look you have and what a great port. I saw your barefoot photos by Hal the Trucker and so I also want to tell you that you have gorgeous feet! They are the perfect shape! Have you thought about making money with them? I offer paid work for my website, cash on the spot. You don't have to pose nude or anything, just pose barefoot outdoors, in a park, or on a beach or wherever. I pay between 100 and 200 per shoot at the time of the shoot, as long as you sign our model release and show ID proving you're 18. Check out my website. I'm in Encino but I can come to you."
Cody shook her head and laughed. "That's crazy," she said.
"That sounds like an easy way to pick up cash on the side while you're getting started," said Hal.
Cody looked at him. "Are you for real?"
"Yeah. Sounds harmless. You're always going in your bare feet anyway. I dare you."
Cody looked back at the screen, her face suddenly serious. She took a long swig of beer and then typed a response. "Hey! Never thought about it but if ur serious about the cash, I'll try one shoot. I'm in Sacramento right now but will message u when I'm in LA." She clicked the Send button.
"Evil Daddy is turning me into a corrupted little weird-fetish whore," she said.
"Evil Daddy likes how hot and sexy Princess is being, just for trying this." Cody leaned forward and tugged at Hal's belt. He helped her unzip his jeans and free his raging cock. She leaned over it and began to suck it noisily. "Fuck," Hal said. "Fuck fuck fuck." He tilted his head back as she sucked him to his full hardness and length. Then she leaned back, pointed her toes and began to jerk Hal off with her wrinkled soles, staring as his face unblinkingly. Hal looked down at the sight of her feet, her soles slick with his precum and her own juice from sucking him. "Jesus Princess, oh Jesus..."
"I'm only 18, Daddy," she whispered. Hal grasped one of her feet and pushed it harder against his cock, manipulating her foot.
"God yes Princess you're only 18..." He met Cody's gaze. She opened her mouth wide, holding his gaze.
"Unh? Unh?" She hiccuped at him. "Unh?"
"God, god, I love it when you do that girl," hissed Hal, gritting his teeth.
"U-unh!" she went.
Hal cried out and exploded all over Cody's soles, leaving his cum to run in small ropes off her feet. Hal caught his breath.
"Oh Princess," he sighed.
Cody giggled. "You're so cute, having such a weird thing for my feet."
"How are you like this at 18?" Hal responded.
"I wasn't, but you're old and you like to put it in other places in me besides just inside me. In my mouth. Across my feet. Between my breasts."
"You're getting me hard again already."
"Can you get me a tissue first for your cum on my feet please, Daddy? And then please feed me?"
Hal was moving awkwardly to the bathroom, holding his cum-slick penis which hung out his unbuttoned jeans. "Yes Princess. You don't want me to return the favor?"
"Later Daddy. I was just trying to calm you down. Please feed me?"
"Okay. Do you want to find a diner?" He turned on the faucet and began cleaning himself up.
"No."
"No?"
"No. Aren't you on your days off now?"
"Yes Princess." Hal returned with a damp washcloth and began gently wiping his cum off Cody's bare soles and toes.
"Then I want you to take me on a proper date, please, Daddy."
"A date?"
"Yes please. Take me downtown and let's go somewhere nice."
"I only have my trucker clothes."
"That's fine. Wear your jeans and your nicest shirt. I'll pick out a sport coat for you downtown somehow."
"Where will I park the rig?"
"You won't, we're taking a cab so that you can drink with me properly for once."
"I see you've planned this all out."
Cody clicked to the browser on the laptop. "Yeah, the Old Sacramento district should be fine. Now go take a shower and shave please."
"Okaydee," said Hal, and shucked off his shirt
Hal shaved quickly with his electric razor and jumped into the crappy motel shower. When he got out, Cody slipped by him with a bundle of clothes, her makeup kit, and her beer. She banished him from the bathroom, and shut the door. He heard the shower run.
Hal put on clean underwear and jeans. The motel unit's iron was crappy, but he made do and ironed a white shirt with a light blue check pattern. He looked at himself in the mirror and realized he had no decent shoes with him but his runners. He shook his head to himself and wondered if he should buy shoes too.
He checked the computer again and saw a reply from Foot-oh, and clicked on it.
"Amazing!" it read. "Let me know when you're back and we'll set something up right away. I know you'll be perfect for this."
Hal looked at the other incoming messages, wishing he could open them. He imagined other men looking at Cody, looking at Cody's bare feet, and looking up her skirt, and felt himself get hard again. On impulse he nipped outside to the rig, and fished Blair's card out of the cab.
Cody was out of the shower, running the hair dryer, and fixing up her hair and makeup in the bathroom. Hal slipped outside the unit, sat on the chair outside, and dialled Blair's number.
"Hey," said a voice.
"Hey," said Hal. "It's me from yesterday night. Are you still at the motel?"
"No I'm in L.A. now. Are you calling about the girl?"
"Cody."
"Is that her name?"
"Yeah. What's the job?"
"It's a bar and grill, but it's also a kind of an unofficial club. I need good-looking young female server staff."
"Okay. What's the angle here?"
"She'd wear a skimpy little outfit, and walk around either wearing clear heels, or going in her bare feet. No bra under her top. She'd need to be willing to pose for photos and maybe put out a little more for some good tips."
"What, you want her to be a prostitute?"
"No. If she wants to prostitute herself with my clients, that's none of my business, and not on my time or my property. But I need her to really wiggle it and show lots of herself off. Be extra, extra nice to the clients. And show her feet."
"Your clients like feet."
"They like feet, yeah. Just like you. So cut out the "innocent" schtick. I know how much you'd like my club yourself."
Hal said nothing. Blair continued. "I saw how she was posing for you, so I know she's good for it."
"Yeah she makes cute noises too," said Hal.
"Oh? I'll have to get her to do that then."
"Alright. I'll tell her she has an interview with you when we arrive in L.A. You can let me know the time."
"Perfect, phone me then. If she does well, I'll send her back with your finder's fee."
Blair hung up.
Hal went back inside where Cody was finished up in the bathroom. The door opened and she stepped out. She looked like heaven. Her hair was done up big and bouncy, and her makeup was hot. She was wearing the tiny denim mini skirt Hal had bought in Salt Lake City, and the matching t-shirt. Her bare legs looked so, so good as she walked across the room in her bare feet and slipped into her heels.
"Oh my God," said Hal. He guessed she'd be wearing the full-cut panties underneath something that short.
Cody giggled and covered her face, "Let's go, Daddy!"
* * *
The cab driver was unusually eager to solve Cody's logistical puzzle, which was to find a menswear store for Hal and then go to the historical district to a decent restaurant. He kept looking at Cody's bare legs in her very short, short mini skirt.
"I take you to Macy's on L Street and then I take you to the historical district! You visiting Sacramento?" He was barely looking at Hal.
"Yes, we are! And you're very kind, but that would be more than we can afford for your fare sir," said Cody sweetly.
"No, no! I turn off the meter, I wait for you. It's all good," he said. He ushered them into the back seat. Hal got in first and Cody second while the cab driver held the back door open. Hal noticed Cody kept her bare thighs together and held the front of her little skirt firmly down with a free hand as she swung her legs inside. Her skirt was so short that Cody wasn't sitting on its rear hem. Hal noticed a little security camera in the back seat, above the partition. The cab driver got in the front and drove them off. Hal lightly ran his hand up and down Cody's smooth bare thighs, feeling the soft texture of her bare skin. His knuckles grazed her skirt hem teasingly, and then separated her legs, Hal didn't get to see what was between her thighs, but the camera did before she quickly she pushed his hand away and guarded her skirt.
"Stop that," she whispered and crossed her legs. Her legs looked so good crossed, and Hal let his hand creep back and gently brushed her bare thighs as they drove downtown.
When they reached Macy's, the cab driver went around to Cody's side and opened her door. He extended a hand, and she graciously took it. Cody was careful not to open her legs as she got out, and she held her hem down before immediately reaching around and tugging her skirt down in the back as she stood up. She took a moment to tug her skirt down around all her sides while Hal got out.
"How long you need?" the driver asked.
"Hmm, twenty or thirty minutes," said Cody. "Is that too long?"
"Take your time, take your time, I wait," he said.
Cody turned to Hal as they walked in. "We're not taking our time, cuz I'm hungry and I badly need another drink," she said. Hal nodded and followed her to menswear.
Cody was efficient and ran the show, asking for a decent, dark tweed sport coat. It was easy to get help, with the attentive salesman, who also kept looking at her very short skirt and bare legs. Thankfully, he was also skillful and attentive to Hal, guessing his jacket size at one look. He brought two tweed sport coats and Hal tried them on. He didn't have time for an opinion. "That one please," said Cody pointing at the second. "Where's the shoe section?"
The salesman pointed the way as he charged Hal's credit card. "I can help you with the shoes, too, Miss," he said, and took Hal and Cody over. He was almost immediately joined by the salesman already working in shoes. "A pair of derbys should be good," he suggested, and Cody and Hal shrugged. He returned with a pair of medium-brown leather shoes with beautiful, full broguing, and had Hal try them on.
"They feel fine," he said, walking around. Cody nodded in approval.
"They might pinch, so I recommend you also get some cedar shoe trees for these, plus polish and moisturizer." Hal hesitated, not being a shoe expert.
"Hmm, let me see?" Cody asked. The other salesman beckoned her over to the sales counter where he proferred a pair of trees and several shoe care products, along with a pair of better socks for Hal. The other salesman stayed with Hal and they both watched Cody as she leaned against the counter. As she leaned forward, her short, short mini skirt popped up and a small sliver of her bare bum cheeks showed. Hal figured either she wasn't wearing the full-cut panties, or they were riding up her bum cheeks. There wasn't enough of her bum cheeks showing to tell, but the twin, bare crescents that were showing looked so, so good, and so sexily inappropriate in public.
"Jesus," said the salesman, involuntarily. "That is the shortest skirt I've ever seen."
Then he glanced nervously at Hal and cleared his throat. "Your daughter?" he asked.
"Yup," said Hal. "My teenage daughter. That's her shortest skirt."
The salesman hesitated. "Yes, that sure is a short skirt."
"I know." said Hal. "It definitely reveals a lot of her."
"Yes, um, it... it does. I think a bit of your daughter's bum is showing."
"I know, I can see it showing. She's my beautiful princess."
The salesman looked at Hal, trying to figure him out. They watched as she straightened up. Her free arm slipped behind her and checked her skirt height as she looked down at her backside, over one of her shoulders. Her hand went down to her butt and her fingers skimmed along the hemline, feeling for what was there. When she felt her fingers brushing across her bare cheeks, she quickly tugged her skirt down with both hands and then glanced back to see Hal and the salesman watching her. She averted her eyes and smiled shyly in embarrassment before turning back to the other salesman.
"I think we'll get these things later, but I'll take the socks for sure!" She looked back over her shoulder again. "Hal?" she called, making a money gesture with her fingers.
"Your daughter calls you by your first name?"
Hal shrugged. "It's usually my cue that she's now in charge."
Hal headed over and flashed his credit card, before Cody made him put on his new socks, shoes and sport jacket. Cody stood on her toes and tousled Hal's hair, while holding the back of her mini skirt down. "You clean up nice, Daddy," she cooed. Hal smiled and slipped his other shoes into the shopping bag and they strutted out, leaving the two sales clerks watching Cody's backside intently.
They returned outside where the taxi driver was waiting, leaning against his car, reading a paper, as though he was their personal driver. He smiled widely and opened the rear door again. Hal climbed in followed by Cody, who again kept her legs firmly together as the driver watched her intently.
He dropped the pair off on Front Street and gave Hal his business card. "Call me when you're ready to go back home, I pick you up right away," he said. Hal smiled.
"I appreciate that," he said, paying the fare while Cody nestled into his arm. She took his elbow and they strutted off down the street to decide on a restaurant. They all seemed pretty much the same; upscale, slightly-overpriced seafood and steak houses. Hal picked one that emphasized the steaks. Inside, predictably, everyone stared at Cody in her short short mini skirt and bare legs. She had to tug hard on the back of her skirt as they slid into a booth, and even then it rode up behind her. Their waiter gave them menus.
"Can I start you off with a drink?" He was looking at Hal.
"Order a bottle of red, Daddy," said Cody suddenly. The waiter looked at her.
"She's my daughter and she's 18," said Hal. The waiter looked back at Hal. He nodded and turned both their wine glasses over. "I'll need a minute with the wine menu," Hal added.
"How come..." Cody whispered after the waiter left.
"You're with me, so it's okay," said Hal.
"Really?"
"I don't know. I have no idea. But it worked," he said. "Now, I don't drink wine. What sort of red am I ordering?"
"Oh." said Cody. "I dunno either. I know about beer but I figured we should have wine tonight." She giggled. "And hurry up with it. Please."
Hal scratched his non-existent beard thoughtfully while he scanned a wine list that meant nothing to him. He flipped over to the food menu.
The water returned a moment later. "Have you had a chance to decide?"
"What goes good with your prime rib?" Hal asked. The waiter suggested two selections and Hal chose the cheaper, pretending he knew what he was doing.
"And can I have the larger glass of your blush to start?" Cody added. "Plus I'm ready to order."
"Alright then," said the waiter, and took their order before returning with Cody's glass of wine, and the bottle for Hal. She waited patiently while he opened the bottle and poured a sip for Hal. Hal had a vague understanding that he was meant to somehow approve of it, and made a clumsy show of sipping from his glass and nodding his head.
"A-yuh," he said as the waiter filled his glass and left.
Cody held out her blush wine. "Cheers, Daddy," she said and they clinked glasses. She then downed her glass in one draw.
Hal looked around nervously. "Princess do you really have to do that? Can't you just enjoy it?"
Cody narrowed her eyes intently. "I've been tense as fuck making sure this mini skirt doesn't ride up on me," she said. "Drinking helps me relax, so it's more easier to wear something so short for you. Especially with bare legs." Cody slipped off her heels under the table and stretched her toes. "And now with bare feet," she added.
"You look so hot Princess. I love it when you wear that skirt."
"Thank you Daddy. I know how much you like to see me in a short skirt."
"A short mini skirt."
"Yes, a short, short mini skirt."
"A short, short mini skirt."
"A short, short, mini-mini skirt with bare legs."
"Okay enough Princess, I'm getting too hard."
Hal stayed too hard through most of dinner. It was a great dinner date, and Cody moderated her drinking enough not to become wasted. She ordered a giant, decadent chocolate sponge cake for desert, which came with two spoons. When Hal declined to partake, Cody started force feeding him with hers. Hal obliged, letting Cody slide the spoon slowly out of his mouth. Hal took the spoon and fed Cody in return, sliding it slowly into her mouth and even more slowly out. Cody let her lips part seductively as the spoon slid across them. She pointed her bare toes.
Hal paid the bill and the pair decided to leisurely stroll along the river, enjoying the warm, evening air. Hal glanced around to see if anyone was following Cody, like they did in the mall. He spotted one or two possible candidates who were trailing along behind them slowly, but he wasn't sure. His new shoes were hurting his feet, so Hal stooped to loosen the laces a bit while Cody walked on ahead. He straightened up and watched Cody from behind. He saw that as she had been walking, her denim mini skirt was slowly working its way up her thighs from the side-to-side motion of her hips. Sliver by sliver, more of Cody's bare bum cheeks were gradually starting to show. Hal caught up to her and said nothing, sliding his arm around her tiny waist and drawing her into him. Cody squeezed him back and nestled into him as they walked. Hal spread his hand out and let it slide downward, resting his palm on her butt and letting his fingers fan out.
"Now be nice Daddy..." she started to say, and felt one of Hal's fingers graze her exposed bare bum cheeks. She gasped and tugged her skirt down. "How long was my skirt riding up?" she hissed. Hal shrugged. Cody glanced over her shoulder. "Well there's some men who were looking."
"They better be looking at you Princess," said Hal. His hand returned to her bum and pressed it firmly as he kissed her cheek. Cody smiled. Hal kissed again, this time searching for her lips. Cody stopped and turned into Hal, letting him kiss her. She made a small "mmph!" Hal kissed harder and Cody went up onto her tip toes. Hal's hands pressed into her waist and caused Cody's mini skirt to slide up. Cody's bare bum cheeks popped out as they kissed. Hal noticed their audience out of the corner of his eyes. Cody noticed it too, and tugged her skirt down again.
"Be nice," she whispered. Hal cut her off with another kiss and then looked around.
"Come on," he said, and pulled her into an alley. It wasn't a grungy alley, but rather a narrow side street that allowed service access to some of he historic buildings. He pushed Cody against a wall.
"What are you doing Daddy-"
Hal cut her off again, kissing her fiercely. "I'm so hard looking at you Princess," he hissed. He kissed her again, and she kissed back, hard. His wandering hands slid down over her bum again as they kissed. This time his searching fingers went further, slipping up under the hem and probing between her cheeks. He felt sopping slippery wetness. Cody tried to stop him.
"Wait Daddy..."
His fingers went further and found her bare, slippery slit.
"Jesus, Princess you're not wearing panties?" Cody shook her head. Hal kissed her again and then pushed a finger up inside Cody. Cody moaned into Hal's mouth. She went weak, and her knees sagged. Hal pressed her against the wall hard to help hold her up, and pushed his finger deeper. Cody braced her right heel against the wall and arched her back as Hal worked his finger. She broke his kiss and arched her head up, looking at nothing in the sky above her.
"U... unh!" Cody hiccuped. "Unh! I wish you could fuck me right here Daddy."
Hal glanced left and right. He saw someone lurking at the entrance to the alley. It looked to be one of their previous followers. Cody's hand slid to Hal's pants and started working on his zipper.
"I dunno Princess," whispered Hal. She cut him off with a kiss and pulled out his raging hard penis. Hal slipped his finger out of Cody and they did an awkward dance. She put a leg up around him and fumbled with his penis, looking for the right angle to put it inside her.
"Fuck.. can't make it... go in right..." she muttered. "I'm too short for your height. Just... put your fingers back inside me." Hal obliged. Cody squeaked as two of his fingers slid in. Cody pushed back with her hips. "Put in a third finger. Fuck me with your fingers hard," she breathed, and began to jerk off Hal. Hal added a third finger. Cody winced in pain as he forced it in but kept going.
"Jesus," said Hal. "Jesus, Princess." They began kissing again in an awkward embrace, breathing hard through flared nostrils, Cody humping against Hal's fingers inside her while skimming his twitching penis.
Suddenly she stopped the process and pulled Hal's fingers out of her, and knelt down, taking Hal's penis in her mouth. She began to suck it noisily.
"Fuck, fuck fuck," muttered Hal, thrusting involuntarily into Cody's throat. Cody gagged, paused, and resumed her bobbing. Hal glanced nervously to the side. The shadowy figure still lurked near the alley entrance. The sensations of her lips and tongue brought him back to her noisy sucking. "Princess... Princess... gonna cum if you keep... gonna cum, gonna cum..."
Before he knew what he was doing, he grabbed the back of her head and pulled it inward as he came. Cody was pinned into him, his penis at the back of her throat. Hal came hard. He heard Cody gurgle. She started making funny noises in her throat, and as his twitching subsided he realized he had forced her to swallow his cum so that she wouldn't inhale it. Hal released the pressure on her head, and let his penis slide out. Tendrils of cum came with it, coating Cody's lips and dripping onto her chin. She gagged, coughed and caught her breath.
"Jesus" she croaked. "I was choking on your cum."
Hal knelt down to Cody, forgetting that his slick penis was still out. "Shit, sorry, sorry. I'm sorry Princess!" He went to wipe the cum off her mouth but instead she leaned forward and kissed Hal hard, forcing Hal to taste his own cum.
"I hope you have more of that for me back at the motel," she whispered as Hal wiped his mouth and fumbled with his semi-hard penis, trying to get it back inside his jeans. Cody stood up on wobbly legs and tugged her skirt back down. It had been bunched up around her waist. She wiped his cum off her mouth with her forearm. "Let's catch that cab. We're both a mess."
Back at the motel, Hal paid for the very happy cab driver and gave Cody the motel keys. "You go on in, I have to make a quick phone call." Cody looked puzzled but took the keys and skipped ahead.
Hal went for a meandering walk in the back parking lot, dialling a number on his mobile and wishing he had a cigarette,
"Hello?" said a voice.
"A.J.?"
"Hal...?"
"Yup it's me."
"Hal, so great to hear from you! You in town?"
"Almost. I'm in Sacramento. How's Junior?"
"He's okay. He had another two operations but he's come through. He'll get to be a normal kid yet."
"And Laurie?"
"Laurie's wonderful. She's found part time work with the county. Are you going to come say hi?"
"Well, I'll come straight to the point. Just started my days off after reaching Oakland. You remember that convo we had?"
"Yeah. You wanna try that?"
"Yeah."
"For real?"
"For real. If you're willing and able, I'll quit this gig and come down to L.A."
"Well, I'll tell you what. I don't technically need another guy right now. But I know eventually I will. Could you come on as a floater on my routes? Per diem? Soon as I get a guy leaving, you're full time for sure."
Hal thought a moment. It was now or never. "Yeah you bet. I'll take it. I can sell the rig and bridge on that. I'll be down in a few days."
"Holy shit Hal, you're crazy. This is great. I'll see you."
Hal hung up and dialed the trucking company head office.
* * *
Hal and Cody lay in the afterglow. Her warm little naked body snuggled against his.
"So what's next?" Cody asked. "You were out in the parking lot on the phone a long time."
Hal was staring up the ceiling. "Well, first, I left my running shoes at the restaurant. But never mind. Because I did it. I quit trucking. I'm sick of trucking. I'm going to sell the rig and start back-filling shifts for my buddy's delivery company in L.A."
Cody was silent a moment. "Whoa," she said softly. She was silent a few moments more. "Well I guess all good things come to an end. Can you drop me off in L.A.?"
Hal nodded. "Well, I have a possible job lined up for you in L.A."
Cody perked up. "Oh you talked to Rob!"
Hal shook his head. "Yeah I talked to Rob but he's not hiring at the moment. This is someone else."
"Someone else. Another friend?"
"More of an acquaintance. He'd be interested in interviewing you for a waitress job at his club."
"Okay..." said Cody.
"Hey it's possible work, right. I have some work lined up, and maybe you do too."
"Well, okay thank you. That's really kind of you. And where are you going to live?" Cody turned to Hal, leaning on her elbow.
"I don't know yet, but there's decent areas with decent places," he replied. Then he added, "I think I'm going to need a roommate."
He smiled slyly at Cody. Her eyes widened.