Donna had several surprises planned for my 40th birthday party, and the loose fitting, deeply cut Moroccan dress she wore was only the first. This dress was my favorite because she couldn't wear a bra with it and almost every movement would expose part or all of one or both of her beautiful breasts. Whenever she wore this dress, I knew we were in for an exciting evening. I could feel my pulse pounding and my pecker pointing as she made her entrance to the living room and approached the couch where I was sitting with a drink in one hand and a joint in the other. As she bent over to kiss me, the top of her dress yielded to gravity's call and I could clearly see both breasts, nipples erect, almost winking with mischievous delight.
"Are you ready for dinner?" she asked softly, her lips only inches from mine. She dropped her hands on my legs and started slowly teasing the insides of my thighs as she smiled slyly, awaiting my answer. I carefully placed the joint to her lips and she inhaled deeply, never losing eye contact, while her hands continued to wander upwards towards my pulsating pecker. With one hand, she reached between my legs, deep into my crotch and stroked me firmly, from prostrate to penis in a single flowing motion, then stood and twirled quickly. Her dress spun with her, and I caught a quick glimpse of the tops of her black stockings and the garter belt they were attached to. It realized as she spun before me that she was wearing no panties either. Oh, what an evening this was going to be.
As we left the house, I saw a huge stretch limo sitting in front of our driveway. The driver was standing by it side, holding the passenger door open.
"Well, at least I don't have to worry about drinking and driving." I said. "Where are we going?"
"Downtown," she responded, "to your favorite Moroccan restaurant, where you and I will have a quiet corner all to ourselves." Memories of past dinners at this restaurant flashed before my eyes. The last time we had been there was New Year's Eve, when Donna had worn this same dress. As that evening progressed and the wine flowed, Donna and I had dined and danced, first with each other, and then with other couples. As the music intensified, Donna started to let her boobs flash. At first only a momentary peek of a single boob and then longer and longer peeks, until she finally pulled her top wide open and danced before the entire restaurant with both breasts fully exposed. She danced with several other men, teasing them mercilessly, but never allowing them to touch her as she swirled and swayed to the Moroccan music. And now we were headed back there, and she was wearing the same exciting dress.
We arrived at the restaurant and were shown to "our corner," in a nook that seated about a dozen people. There were pillows on the floor, and low round tables, but no chairs. And we had the entire nook to ourselves, or at least that's what it looked like for a moment or so. We seated ourselves comfortably, with our backs to the wall, facing out into the center of the restaurant. Donna leaned against me and gently stroked my leg as she kissed me deeply. The waiter arrived and as Donna pulled away from me, the top of her dress slid across her breasts, leaving a deep cleavage with one of her breasts partially visible. I watched with amusement as the waiter's eyes were drawn to her chest momentarily. He recovered and looked at me, asking if we wanted anything to drink. Donna shifted her body and her dress shifted along with her, moving the cleavage and sliding her dress gently across her breasts. She ordered a bottle of wine, knowing that her request would get us excellent service from our waiter.
As our waiter left, Donna turned again to kiss me. I was lost in her lips, but out of the corner of my eye, I noticed that several other people were being seated in "our nook." As we broke our lip lock, I realized that the new arrivals were close friends of ours, Mark and Suzie. As they settled down next to us, I couldn't help but notice Donna's grin. Apparently this wasn't going to be a private evening with just the two of us. Moments later three more couples arrived. Eddie and Sally, Rick and Julie and Dawn and Dave were soon seated cozily around us. Dawn sat next to me and leaned over to give me a kiss.
"Happy birthday, you old fart," she said with a smile. Then she kissed me again, full on the lips. I could feel her tongue tickle my lips briefly, but before I could respond, she finished her kiss and pulled back.
I was in a slight state of shock, not really knowing whether I had imagined what had just happened, much less how to respond when Sally, who was sitting just across from me, got up on her knees and leaned over to me. "My turn," she said as she too kissed me full on the lips. Sally put both hands on my legs to support herself while she kissed me. Her kiss lasted considerably longer than a typical friendly kiss, and I felt myself responding strongly as her left hand slid slowly up my leg and briefly brushed my rapidly rising rod. Then, before I could do anything but breathe, Sally pulled away and sat down.
I felt myself slightly dazed and confused, but certainly interested and excited as I looked around the circle of my friends. They were all smiling back at me with those "Gottcha!" grins that confirmed they were in on a collective surprise and I was the designated surprisee. As a reciprocal grin started to spread across my face, Julie slowly started to lean towards me. She looked me right in the eye as she put first one hand and then another on the floor and started crawling towards me. Julie was also wearing a very loose top, and as she got onto her hands and knees, her top fell away from her chest and her boobs became fully visible. My eyes were drawn as if by a magnetic force to the tips of her breasts where her clearly visible nipples were poking almost an inch outwards from the tips of her tits. She put her left hand on my shin, and her other on my knee as she seemed to slither up my body. I felt her left hand on the middle of my right thigh and her right hand at the top of my left thigh as her lips descended on mine. By this time, I was starting to get a clue, and I responded strongly to her kiss. Her tongue started exploring my mouth and her right hand started exploring my crotch as I returned her passionate kiss. And then, almost as quickly as it had started, it was over. Julie was settled into a pile of pillows across from me, and gave me a delightful wink.
Donna leaned up to my ear and whispered, "Are you having fun yet?" just loud enough for the rest of our friends to hear her.
I slowly looked around the circle of friends and made eye contact with each of them as a giant shit-eating grin spread across my face. As I looked at each of them, I wound up looking at the only woman I hadn't yet kissed. Suzie, who was seated next to Donna, smiled back at me and blew me a kiss. "Later," she said. "Trust me."
My eyes were still locked on Suzie as my peripheral vision caught our waiter returning with our wine. Apparently he had been clued in advance because he had glasses for everyone and several bottles of excellent California wine. He filled everyone's glass and then left our nook silently as our friends collectively raised their glasses and Donna said, "To Bob, and a night you will never forget."
I felt my heart start to pound in my ears as I heard her toast and saw the smiles all around the circle. My imagination started to run wild, but even in at its wildest, it couldn't have predicted the rest of that evening.
We sat in our circle conversing about life as our waiter returned with course after course of wonderful food. There were no utensils because the Moroccan tradition is to eat food with only one's hands. First Donna, then Dawn and the other women took turns feeding me food by hand. They were all dressed in wonderfully sexy outfits, and flashed their boobs to me repeatedly as the dinner progressed.
As I laid back and enjoyed this wonderfully sensuous treatment, Sally pulled off my shoes started stroking my left foot. Julie took my other foot in her lap and pressed my heel deeply into her crotch as she kneaded my insoles and toes. I lay back against the wall and closed my eyes to fully enjoy this wonderful treatment. I felt Sally's hands start to move up to my ankles and shins, and then felt Dawn take my left hand and nestle it into her lap. She started to gently stroke my hands and arms, as Donna took my right hand and followed Dawn's lead.
Soon, Julie and Sally's hands were working their way up my legs and starting to slide softly up and down the tops of my thighs. Dawn took my left hand and placed it on her inner thigh as she started massaging my shoulders and neck. As she stroked me, I felt my hand start stroking the inside of her thigh. The dress Dawn was wearing was quite short, and my hand, as if on auto-pilot, wandered higher on her leg until it reached under her dress to where her panties should have been. She adjusted her seating, clearly inviting me to continue my explorations, and my fingers slipped easily into her moist pussy. After a few moments of exploration, she whispered in my ear, "Relax and enjoy. You'll have plenty of time to play with me later," and she shifted her body away hand. I opened my eyes and looked at her with a langorous smile and brought my hand, moist with her pussy juices, to my mouth and tasted her essence. She leaned close to me and smiling deeply, she sucked my index finger into her mouth.
This gentle, sensuous massaging had continued for about ten minutes when the music started. My eyes still closed, and my ears tuned to the rhythmic sounds of the three-piece Moroccan band, I was in a state of bliss. I felt the four sets of hands exploring and stroking my limbs started to converge as Donna and Dawn shifted their attention to my chest, and then my stomach. Sally and Julie's strokes rose ever upwards on my legs as Donna and Dawn moved downward. My cock was rock hard and quite evident. It tried to rip a hole in the front of my pants as the women's hands circled closer and closer. The four pairs of hands had almost converged on my cock when Dawn and Donna each kissed me in my ears and said simultaneously, "Later. Trust me."
As they said that, all four pairs of hands left me simultaneously. I looked around the circle of my friends, feeling both intensely aroused and deeply thankful to have such wonderful friends and such a creative and loving wife. I found myself wondering about how my male friends were handling watching their wives flash and tease me, so I asked them. "So guys, what's it like for you to watch your beautiful wives pay attention to me rather than you? How do you all feel about this?"
Rick looked at me with a wide grin and said, "I turn 40 in two months. Can I count on you two for my party?"
Then Dave said, "And my birthday is less than a year away. Donna, will you wear that dress to my party?"
Eddie and Mark just looked at me and grinned. Did I forget to tell you? They are fraternal twins, and their 40th birthday was coming up soon, too.
I turned to Donna and asked her, "So how long have you all been planning this?"
"Well, it's been kind of organic. We have been planning this for quite awhile, and the night is still young. But we don't want to give away all our secrets yet, do we girls?" Donna looked at her women friends and they all shook their heads and grinned at their shared conspiracy. "Want to dance, party boy?" She asked as she looked at me.
As the memories of New Years Eve flashed through my head, I smiled and rose slowly to get to my feet. As I offered my hand to Donna to help her to her feet, Dawn lifted her hand too. I pulled them gently to their feet and lead them to the dance floor. The rest of our party followed suit and soon we were all swaying and swirling to the beat of the music. We all danced with each other, shifting dance partners as we spun around the floor. As Donna was dancing with Dave, her left breast started popping into view. She looked at me and smiled broadly fully aware of her state of semi-dress.
I found myself dancing with Suzie, the only woman I had not yet kissed. She was wearing a slinky black slip-like dress with thin spaghetti straps and a lace fringe around the top and the bottom. Actually, I think it was a slip rather than a dress, and it was very sexy. It was obvious that she wasn't wearing a bra, and I couldn't see any traces of a panty line, either.
Suzie is a natural blonde, about 5' 6" tall, with full, but not huge breasts. Her nipples were clearly visible poking through the sheer fabric of her "dress." As we danced, the strap of her dress kept sliding off her shoulder. The first couple times it happened, she pulled it back in place. Then it happened again as I was looking at her. I shrugged my shoulders and said, "Oh well. You can't fight gravity forever."
She smiled back and shrugged her shoulders too, and the strap slid down her arm, slowly pulling the top of her dress off her left breast. As we continued to dance, her breast emerged from her dress like the sun emerging from a bank of clouds on a rainy day. Her nipple broke free and soon her entire breast was exposed for all to see. Rather than covering back up, she laughed and spun around the dance floor, making sure everyone saw her. As she danced up to her husband, Mark, he cupped her breast in his hand and leaned over to kiss her nipple. It only lasted for a second, but it was intensely erotic. Suzie spun away from Mark and found herself dancing with Dave who followed Mark's lead and gave her a single gentle kiss directly on her nipple. Then she danced up to Eddie and Rick who each gave her a nipple kiss and let her go. She danced up to me again and as I was leaning towards her nipple for my turn at a moment's bliss, she danced slowly backwards, beckoning me to follow. I felt like a donkey reaching for an ever-receding carrot as I followed her nipple across the room.
As we approached our group's nook, the other strap slipped off Suzie's shoulder. As she slithered back into the darkness of our private space, her dress started to slide down her body. Her right breast emerged next to her left and she was in danger of loosing her dress entirely as she grabbed my hands and sat down on a pillow, pulling me down with her. She pulled my head to her left breast and said, "Kiss my nipples, birthday boy."
As I lay down next to her gently kissing first her left nipple and then her right, I felt her hand start to stroke my crotch. She cupped my balls and squeezed my cock. With her other hand, she guided my free hand between her legs and under her dress. As my hand met the naked skin of her upper thighs, I realized why I could not detect a panty line. She spread her legs just enough to give me access to her naked and hairless pussy. I stroked her slit lightly and gently and felt her shiver. She put her hand on top of mine and pushed my hand deeply into her already drenched pussy, but only for a moment. She squeezed my cock once, then pulled my hand away from her pussy and my head away from her breasts. Looking me in the eye as she pulled her dress straps back over her shoulders, she said, "Later. Trust me."
We returned to the dance floor where Donna was now flashing both boobs to the assembled masses and dancing with friend and stranger alike. Somehow, she started a conga line going and led it around the restaurant, her naked breasts like headlights illuminating the way. I have no idea why or how she got away with this outrageous behavior, but I suspect that the restaurant management remembered her New Year's Eve antics and somehow thought she was good for business.
The band needed to take a break, so we all returned to our nook where Donna lay back against the wall with both boobs blaring as we all laughed about our antics. Then she announced that it was time for the next phase of our party to begin. Without ever covering up, she called the waiter over and asked for our check. When he returned, Donna looked at him and cupped her exposed breasts. "Are these good for your business?" she asked him.
"Madam, you are welcomed here anytime. When you dance, we sell lots of drinks. Perhaps we should put you on commission," he replied smiling.
Donna paid our bill, and we all left the restaurant together. Our limo was waiting outside for us, and the extent of Donna's planning started to hit me. It was just big enough to carry all ten of us to wherever we were going next.
As we settled into our seats, Eddie dug into the bar and poured Champaign for everyone and Rick lit up two joints at the same time, then passed them to the rest of us. Donna was sitting across from me, and Suzie and Dawn were sitting next to me. Rick was next to Donna and as he passed her a joint, he bent down, pulled the top her dress open and started kissing her boobs. As his hands started exploring her thighs, Donna leaned back in her seat and placed her feet on my legs, giving Rick ready access to her charms. He slid her dress up her legs until her neatly trimmed pussy was visible to all, and then slipped his fingers into her. I watched in fascination as my wife sat across from me letting another man finger fuck her; but I was soon distracted by Suzie and Dawn. They were each kissing my ears and stroking my groin. In a move that felt almost orchestrated, they unbuckled my belt and opened my pants to expose my painfully pulsing pecker. Dawn was cupping my balls with one hand as Suzie leaned down and took me in her mouth. With her other hand, Dawn pulled my mouth to her lips and kissed me passionately. As we were kissing, she pulled my hand between her legs and deeply into her pussy. She wasn't wearing any panties, either. I was beginning to sense a trend.
Out of the corner of my eye, I could see Sally straddling Eddie's lap. As they kissed deeply, she somehow managed to get Eddie's pants down around his legs. Her dress covered them as she started to rock and sway on top of him. Eddie's hands were under her dress on her buns, pulling her onto him.
Lost in Dawn's lips, I couldn't see Julie, Mark and Dave; but I could hear them. Dave was groaning and Julie was moaning. Mark was snoring. Apparently he had drunk a bit too much, because he managed to miss much of the rest of the evening.
Our limo ride took us around the city. We pulled up to a stop at a light in the center of town and people were crossing the street in front of us and staring at our darkly tinted windows while the sensuous feast unfolded inside, invisible to all eyes but our own. Donna slid out of her dress and pulled Rick's pants off him and knelt in front of him as she took him in her mouth. Dawn pulled off her dress and my pants off and straddled my cock. Suzie started fingering Donna's ass hole and pussy as Donna sucked on Rick. With Dawn riding, I watched Suzie ease one finger after another into Donna's pussy. In just a few moments, she had buried her entire hand up to her wrist in my wife's cunt. Donna's head was bounding on Rick's lap while her pussy was bucking and dripping right in front of me.
Dawn could feel me starting to cum, and quickly pulled herself off me. "I love it in my mouth," she said and wrapped her lips around my cock. She dove deeply on me and I could feel the entire length of my cock in her mouth as my cum burst down her throat.
Donna lifted her mouth from Rick's cock and Suzie pulled her hand from Donna's pussy. Donna wanted to get fucked. She climbed on Rick's lap and said in a lusty, passionate voice, "Fuck me, stud. I want to feel your cock deep inside me." Suzie turned to Dawn who was still nibbling on my cock and the two of them played softly with my pecker while we watched Donna ride Rick. In the corner, Sally and started to moan as she neared a climax with her husband, Eddie. And in the back of the limo, Julie and Dave were locked in a 69, eating each other as if neither had had dinner. It wasn't long before Rick's face contorted into that look the meant he was on the verge of climax. Donna rode him harder, pounding up and down until Rick launched his hips upward and froze with his ass in the air with Donna impaled on his dick. Donna let out a big moan and collapsed in a heap on Rick.
We rode around for another ten or twenty minutes, just stroking and touching each other. Dave and Julie brought each other off and Sally and Eddie were slumped in their corner. Donna raised her head from Rick's chest and turned to smile at me. "Enjoying your birthday party?" she asked. "It isn't over yet, so don't get tired and quit on me" she continued. She leaned over and pressed the switch to lower the window to talk with our driver. I couldn't hear what she said to him, but I know he got an eyeful. Moments later, our aimless drive around the city shifted into a purposeful drive into the mountains nearby.
The limo climbed steadily for about twenty minutes while its passengers got dressed... sort of. We pulled to a stop in front of a small resort high in the mountains with a beautiful view of the city lights below. The resort consisted of five log cabins arranged in a semi-circle around an outdoor pool that overlooked the entire valley below. There was a small self-serve bar by the pool with wine and glasses and a plate of cheeses and breads. And there were chairs, benches and love seats scattered around the pool. The lighting was low and soft, and the cabins were inviting and open. "Donna arranged for us to have this all to ourselves tonight," Dawn whispered in my ear. I was stunned. It was exquisitely beautiful, and ours alone.
Donna slid into my arms and kissed me. "Do you like it?" she asked. I could barely speak, but I managed to mumble something resembling "I love you" before she slipped from my arms and stood back from me. She shook one shoulder and her dress slid off and down her arm. A shrug of her other shoulder and her dress slid to the ground. She had only a garter belt and stockings remaining which she quickly removed and dropped onto the pile at her feet. Naked, she turned and dove gracefully into the pool, swimming underwater for half its length. She swam to the far end and pulled herself out of the pool and up to the bar. She took a bottle of Champaign from the bar in one hand and two glasses in the other and strolled over to a nearby love seat. She sat down and set the wine bottle and glasses down on a small table.
I felt Dawn and Suzie gently release me from my clothes and nudge me towards the water. Taking their clue, I dove in and swam the length of the pool, emerged and walked over to sit next to Donna. The warm evening air felt comfortable, neither to hot nor too cold. It was just perfect for sitting around naked and making love.
I settled into the love seat with Donna and filled our wine glasses. We raised our glasses and she toasted me. "To my wonderful, but now older husband. May our love forever grow and your cock forever be ready, because I want you now and forever more, darling." She drank from her wine glass, then put it down and wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me deeply. She leaned down and swallowed my limp dick and nursed it quickly to life. As I enjoyed her ministrations, I watched as our friends stripped out of their clothes and eased into the pool. Mark was still a bit out of it, but as they helped him into the pool, he started to return to life. Donna stroked my balls and ran her hand down the crease beneath my balls and up to my anus. She gently circled my ass hole and returned softly to my balls. She repeated this several more times as my cock regained its strength. Then she pulled me off the couch and onto one of the pads that lay around the deck. The pad was just big enough for her to lie on her back and spread her legs. She drew my head down to her pussy and invited me to eat her. Even with her swim in the pool, she still exuded the aroma of sex, and I found myself eager to taste her juices once again.
When Donna lets go, she is a squirter. She can emit a pulsating stream of nectar that looks almost as if she is peeing. It is wonderful to behold, and quite tasty. As I lovingly licked her labia, I inserted first one, then two and finally three fingers deeply into her private cave. I could feel the spot on the roof of her vagina that triggers her climaxes. As I tickled her trigger, she started to moan, then writhe, and finally erupt. Wave after wave of her juices shot from her vagina and into my mouth. Her hands pulled my head deeply into her pussy and her climax reached its peak, and then she gently pulled my head away from her loins and collapsed with a shudder.
I was still hard as an Oak tree, but Donna needed some time to recharge her batteries. She looked at me and whispered, "Go enjoy yourself. This evening is for you. Before the night is over, please share your wonderful tongue with all of the ladies. I have been bragging about you for so long that they would never forgive me if they don't get a taste of you soon." She rolled over and kissed my still solid shaft on its tip, and looked up at me and said, "And I plan to fuck every one of the men before the sun comes up." With that, she slapped me playfully on the butt and said loudly, "Bob just tongued me to a wonderful climax and he is hard as a rock. Who wants him next?"
From around the pool I heard a chorus of women's voices respond. "Bob, my pussy awaits!" said Julie.
"Hey big boy, want me to deep throat you?" said Sally.
"Oh fuck, how can I top that?" said Suzie. "But I'm a bit busy anyway. Later, Bob?"
Not one to miss an opportunity, I said to Sally and Julie, "How about a threesome?" I found an empty pad several feet from where Donna lay spread eagled and recovering and lay down. "Julie, you can sit on my face. And Sally, the rest of me is yours to do with as you please."
Julie squealed as she leaped from the pool and literally leaped on my face. She was dripping wet on the outside from the pool and on the inside from her session with Dave on the way up here. With Julie's pussy in my face, I couldn't see Sally; but I could certainly feel her. My cock felt like it had been swallowed by a warm, wet vacuum cleaner. She took me right up to the hilt. She even managed to suck both of my balls into her mouth along with my cock. It was unreal. I could feel the tip of my pecker brushing on the back of her mouth and her lips formed a vacuum seal around the base of my cock. I now knew what the phrase, "She could suck the chrome off a bumper hitch" meant. Sally knew how to suck cock like no woman I had ever experienced.
I was so absorbed by Sally's sucking that I almost forgot about Julie as she slowly ground her pussy into my mouth. Flashing back to reality and remembering that I had both a promise and a reputation to uphold, I let my awareness of Sally slip into the background of my consciousness and focused on bringing Julie to a raging orgasm. Since she was sitting on me, she could control how much pressure she got. I wisely let her decide when she wanted deep tonguing and when she wanted a light brush. While I gracefully followed her lead, I stroked up and down along the crease of her ass, gliding at first gently and then more deeply over her ass hole. I circled it with my fingers, and then lightly touched it. Alternating light touch with gentle probing, I could feel her response as I started to venture into her anus. After awhile, I managed to get my index finger fully into her ass hole, and started rotating it gently inside her. I pressed the wall of her anus into the part of her pussy that I was licking, and could tell instantly that I had discovered gold. Julie shuddered and let out a loud groan. "Wow, Donna" Julie moaned. "You were right about his tongue. It's very talented. Oh shit. Shit. Shit. I'm coming big time!"
Julie ground her cunt into my mouth as I twirled my finger up her ass, and I could feel her juices coat my tongue and lips. She wasn't a squirter like Donna, but she still let loose with a flood of pussy juice as she groaned and moaned and rotated her hips on my lips.
Meanwhile, back down at my dick, Sally was literally sucking the cum from my balls. I felt a huge release as I shot my second load of the evening deeply into a woman's mouth. First Dawn, and now Sally. Could I last the rest of the night?
As Julie lifted herself from my mouth and Sally lifted her lips from my dick, Donna started to applaud. "Glad you're 40, honey?" she asked.
"This was certainly worth waiting for, babes" I responded. "But do I have to wait until I'm 50 to do this again?"
"Let's just enjoy this moment and let tomorrow take care of itself" she said, reminding me to enjoy the gifts of the here and now.
"Hey guys, Donna has promised to fuck you all before the night is over. Are you up for it?" I said to the rest of the men around the pool.
I heard Eddie do an imitation of a bugle call. It was "Charge!"
"On my way, baby" said Dave.
"What did you say?" said Mark. Clearly his return to consciousness was only a part of the way there.
Donna sat up as Eddie and Dave arrived. "Let's go to the hot tub," she said. "I need to warm up." She got to her feet and walked the few feet to the hot tub and lowered herself gently into the steaming water. Eddie and Dave followed her into the tub, sitting on either side of her. Donna put her arms around both of them and pulled Eddie first, and then Dave to her lips for a long kiss. I started to feel the evening chill myself, so I walked over to the hot tub and climbed in. It was quite large enough for all 10 of us. There was a bench all around the edge of the tub and lights in the bottom. I sat across the tub from Donna but could see her clearly both above and below the water.
As Donna kissed Dave, she spread her legs and draped one across each of their laps. Eddie was sitting on her right, with his left hand behind her. His right hand started exploring her breasts, and then circled its way down her belly and out along her right leg to her knee, then back up along the inside of her leg towards her pussy. Dave's left hand started working Donna's left side. From her breast to her pussy Donna was getting stereo stroking.
I felt the water move next to me as Suzie slipped into the tub next to me. She nuzzled up to me and started French kissing my ear. "Hope I'm not too late, you silver tongued Devil," she whispered. I put my arm around her and pulled her to me and kissed her full on the mouth.
"The night is still young," I whispered back then resumed kissing her. Sensing that I still needed some time to recharge, she lay her head on my shoulder and joined me in watching Dave and Eddie tenderly stroke Donna. After about ten minutes, Donna said she needed to cool off for a moment or two. She lifted herself from the water and sat on the edge of the tub. Dave pulled himself out of the water and sat next to her, but Eddie had a different idea. He kneeled on the bench between Donna's legs and started kissing her up and down her legs. Dave got up and found a couple pillows for Donna to lean back on then coax her into lying down. She draped her legs over Eddie's shoulders and lay back to enjoy his kisses. Dave, meanwhile, started stroking her tenderly all over her torso. She closed her eyes and enjoyed the bliss of tender touch.
Suzie turned and kissed me again, then glided from my arms across the tub next to Eddie. Knowing just what a woman wants, Suzie added her lips and her finger tips to Eddie's and Dave's. Eddie was now kissing and licking Donna's pussy for several moments at a time, then shifting to the insides of her legs, her knees, and even down to her feet and toes. Donna spread her legs even wider, and Suzie joined Eddie in the exploration of Donna's inner reaches. As Eddie worked his way down to Donna's feet, Suzie worked her way up Donna's other leg, kissing and tenderly licking her all over. When Suzie reached Donna's pussy, she didn't hesitate. Alternating light kisses with brief tongue probes, Suzie and Eddie were bringing Donna to her third orgasm of the evening.
"Oh, God that feels so wonderful," she said. "Oh God, oh God, oh God," she said over and over. Then, as her body shuddered, she let out an intense moan and wrapped her legs tightly around both Eddie and Suzie, pulling them both towards her pussy. After several more intense shudders, Donna collapsed back onto the pillows, totally spent. Dave, who had continued to stroke and kiss her mouth, ears, breasts, belly, arms and hands, gently let her be.
Eddie and Suzie kissed and traded the taste of Donna as Dave slipped back into the tub.
She looked at Dave, then at me, and then back at Eddie. "Are you guys up for something exciting?" she asked. Dave nodded and smiled, and Eddie just grinned.
"What did you have in mind?" I asked her. "Triple penetration?"
A sly grin spread across Suzie's face, and I knew I had hit the bull's eye. "Who wants which opening?" she queried as she looked at each of us. "Wait a minute. Bob, you're the birthday boy. You pick first."
"OK," I said. "Help me set this up." I lifted myself out of the hot tub, located several pads and lay them down just a couple feet from Donna. I lay down on my back with my head only inches from Donna's face. Suzie lowered her face to my cock and sucked me until I was hard again. Amazingly, it took her only a few minutes. The excitement of watching Donna climax had brought me back to life again. As soon as I was hard, Suzie sat on my lap and impaled herself on my cock. Dave stood next to her and offered her his very erect dick, while Eddie started stroking her back and buns, working his way rapidly to her only remaining opening. He gently inserted his finger into her ass hole and moved it in and out several times as she started to groan.
"Eddie, I'm ready for you," she said as she momentarily let go of Dave's cock. Eddie climbed into dog-fuck position and started to insert his cock into Suzie's ass. As he entered her, I could feel his cock rubbing against mine through the thin membrane that separated her pussy from her ass. It took us a while to find a rhythm, but eventually, we were moving in unison. Eddie and I would push into her at the same time, causing her to take Dave deeper. As Eddie and I reversed our stroke, Suzie would slide away from Dave's dick. It didn't take long before Suzie was lost in abandon. Her body was the engine and we were just connected parts. She would pick up the pace and her attached dicks would follow her lead. When she slowed down, we did too. Faster then slower then faster, again. From deep inside Suzie's belly sounded a guttural groan. Suzie was approaching the climax of her life. And her attached dicks were staying with her all the way. As Suzie started slamming herself up and down on Eddie and me, Eddie yelled, "I'm cumming again," and he slammed deeply into her ass. I don't know whether it was real or my imagination, but I thought I could feel him cum somehow. And that set me off, too, as I launched my third load of the evening into Suzie's cunt. Suzie stopped pounding on us as she came, too. Dave pulled his cock out of her mouth and stroked himself a couple times before he shot his load into the air. Some of it landed on Suzie, but most of it kept on going and landed on Donna's naked chest. Suzie pulled Dave's dick back into her mouth to suck him clean, then looked over to the drops of jism sprinkled on Donna's tits.
Donna had been watching the action, lost in a post-climax stupor. When Dave's air-mail landed on her tits, she barely reacted. But Suzie still had a taste for cum. She leaned over to Donna who was lying only inches away, and without disconnecting from either Eddie or me, she licked the cum from Donna's breasts. When Donna was clean again, Suzie asked Eddie to disengage gently. As he did, I could feel the cum drip from her ass and down onto my balls. When Eddie was clear of her, Suzie lifted her hips to pull free of me. She held herself suspended above me as cum drained from both her pussy and her ass on to my now limp dick and ball sack. Then she slid herself down my legs and took my limp dick in her mouth once again. She lovingly licked me clean, making sure to get every drop of both Eddie's cum and mine. Then she slipped back into the hot tub to rest and recuperate.
Donna, Dave, Eddie and I joined her in the tub, and soon Dawn, Sally and Rick had joined us. We were all back together, sexually spent, at least for the moment, but totally blissed out when Mark finally showed up. I had never seen him naked before, but he was naked now. And he was erect too. And he was huge. "Anybody want to fuck?" he asked, holding his monster in both hands. And that was how the evening of my 40th birthday party began.