All he said was 'Hi', but unbelievably that was all it took to make me weak in the knees. He was beautiful, in a not-my-type kind of way. I never liked mohawks and punk rock band tank tops, but that had apparently changed.
"What can I get you beautiful?" His darker than night eyes winked at me and I tripped over my tongue.
"Do you know how to make a Purple Haze martini?" I asked. "I got one at the club over on ninth but haven't been able to find one since. If not I'll get a vodka seven."
"Give me a minute," he said, turning back to the bar. I watched nervously as he headed over to the phone on the wall, dialed and leaned against it watching me. His smile was breathtaking, my heart skipped a beat.
"Hey Mike," I heard him say over the music. "You guys serving something called a Purple Haze?" He nodded twice and gave me another wink. "Thanks man, I owe you." Moving back towards me, he gave me a heated once over. "You're in luck," he said. "I know a guy."
"My hero." I teased, my eyelids doing a damsel in distress flutter. "How can I ever repay you?"
His gaze darkened and suddenly every cell in my body went from interested to unforgivably aroused. My drink was quickly spun together and when he held it just out of reach on the bar, I found myself leaning in.
"I think we can find a way." He glanced around and then turned back and leaned in. "Give me a kiss we'll call it even."
"Just one kiss?" What had gotten into me. "Sounds like I got the sweet end of that deal."
"The price just went up." His grin was infectious. "A kiss and your number."
I heard Carie call out behind me and the moment died quickly. He saw it and I glanced back over my shoulder. "How much?" I asked.
"This one's on me but I'm going to collect on that kiss."
On my way back to the table I was trying my best to figure out what the hell had gotten into me. I had a type, a clear, this-is-what-my-mother-would-want type and that wasn't it. His arms held a maze of tattoos, there was a piercing in his eyebrow and another on his tongue. Baggy jeans, tattered tank top and probably a leather jacket hidden behind the bar somewhere. That hair alone would have, should have, made me think twice.
Instead I spent the next twenty minutes looking over my shoulder at him. Each time I caught him watching me. Sometimes out right, other times from the corner of his eye, but every time I looked over he turned to give me that wicked smile. The moment my drink was finished I took Carie's order and headed back to the bar.
I got there, just as the guy ahead of me placed an order. My bartender called over a girl at the other end of the bar and said, "This guy needs two corona's a guiness and four black diamond shots."
"On it," the pretty little pixie said, "I'll get you over here." They both moved over and suddenly we were 'alone' again.
"Hello Beautiful, miss me?" The closer I got to him, the harder it became to breath, let alone think straight. I smiled a little but when he leaned in and said, "Do I get my kiss now?" I couldn't help the smile breaking out to take over my face.
"I bet this works with all the girls," I said. "Should I ask how often you make this move?"
"You can ask," he said, "but I'm not the kind of guy to kiss and tell."
Reality washed over me and I shrugged before looking away. "Could I get a long island iced tea, and another Purple Haze?"
He paused for a minute and then moved around his side of the bar. The music in this place wasn't too loud, so I heard him clearly when he said, "I give out the odd free drink, makes for better tips. You're special." I glanced over at him and found a deadly look in his eyes. "You should kiss me," he said. "I've got a feeling it'll be life changing."
"Does that line ever work?"
"It's a first, so you tell me."
"I only kiss strangers when I'm really drunk."
He smiled and made me two martini's. "That can be arranged. These are on me."
"You're just trying to get into my pants."
"That is the end goal," he laughed. "But let's start with your name."
I thought about saying no, but I didn't want to say no to him. I wanted to ask him to take me home. To take me away from my friends and do wicked things to me, but I didn't. After a minute of staring into those bottomless eyes, I said, "Violet."
"Hi Violet," I got another of those breathtaking smiles. "I like it, it suits you."
"And you are?" I glanced back one more time and found the girls fully occupied.
"Oh, for that you need to give me something," he said. God, I loved the teasing twinkle in his eyes.
Without thinking I hopped up to lean over the counter and grabbed his shirt. That smile grew impossibly wide when I pulled him in and did exactly what he wanted, what we both wanted. It was electric, from the second my lips touched his, every hair on my body stood on end.
I felt one of his hands come up and wrap around my neck, keeping me there while he angled his head and took things to the next level. Arousal burst to life inside me, soaking my core and amping up my need from six to eleven out of ten. God, he was good at this.
When I did finally pull back he laughed, a deep rumble that warmed my heart. I was in very real danger of having a thing for this rebel without a cause.
"Aren't you the most interesting person I've ever met Violet Haze," he said. Reaching out he traced the line of my collar bone with one finger and pushed my hair back over my shoulder. "Are you sure I can't convince you to sneak away for a little bit?"
"Did you ask me if I would?" I felt alive and seductive. For the first time in a long time I didn't feel totally awkward and out of place with a guy.
"I am now." He glanced back at the clock and said, "I'm on break in twenty, care to meet me back by the bathroom? I promise I'll make it worth your while."
I looked him up and down, listening to, but ignoring my mother's opinions on what acceptable men looked like, where they worked, how they treated ladies. "Yes," my words were whispered but the smile on his face told me he heard me.
"Good," he said with another wink. "Now you saunter on back to your girls and in twenty minutes I'll change the course of history. I'm going to enjoy you Vye."
I gulped back the first martini and licked my lips, "You owe me something bartender," I called out.
"I'm pretty sure I'd give you whatever you asked for Beautiful."
"You never told me your name."
It was his turn to lean over the bar and crook his finger to bring me closer. His breath danced over my skin and I shivered. "My name is Brian, but you can call me anything you want."
"I like Brian," I said. "But I could have sworn you were going to say Lucifer."
Twenty minutes later, I disappeared from the dance floor. All of my girls were busy, they wouldn't miss me. He was there waiting for me, that sinful grin stretched across his face. Taking my hand he pulled me into the 'employees only' room and locked the door behind us.
"Damn you're gorgeous close up." He slid his arm around me and brought us together. The feeling of his arousal pressed against my thigh did insane things to me. "Kiss me again," he said. "I like it when you're forward."
Always one to do as I'm told, I cupped his face and kissed him with all the hunger he'd brought out in me. He tasted like spearmint with a hint of coffee, he smelled like beer and cedar. He felt like heaven.
Brian's hands roamed my body like he was trying to memorize every curve, never stopping in one place for more than a few seconds. My skirt slowly inched up over my hips and I gave him a sound of encouragement.
His hands burned my skin, leaving a trail of heat up my thighs and across my ass. Brian moved us back against a door, our mouths never moved back for anything other than a breath. I heard him groan when I moved against him and he kissed my wicked grin.
He made me feel...He made me feel amazing.
"Vye," he said softly as his fingers danced closer to my core. "If you don't want this we need to stop now."
I'd like to tell you the alcohol had taken over, but this was too unlike me to blame on anything other than instant, insane, attraction to a guy I'd probably never see again. My eyes closed and my head dropped back against the cooler door, my hips writhing up to meet his hand.
Brian's fingers brushed against the damp fabric separating us and I gasped. "Please don't stop," I begged. "This is crazy but I don't want you to stop." I looked up to find him watching me. Gone was that heart stopping smile and with came an intensity that sent a shiver down my spine.
"Take them off," he said softly. I did as I was told and watched him strip out of those ridiculously baggy jeans. God, he was beautiful, his cock was beautiful, perfect even. Long but not too long, thick enough to feel good but not enough to scare me. It was everything I wanted and more.
"If you keep looking at me like that we're never going to leave," he said, making me smile. "One rule," he said. Brian waited until I looked up into his dark eyes. "We're doing this again."
I sucked in a long breath. How did he know I wanted to run after this? How did he know I wanted this but was too scared of what it would mean. Brian ran a hand down over his cock and my mouth watered. Slowly he ripped open the condom package and slid it on.
"Vye?" he said, "What's the rule?"
"We're doing this again."
He stalked towards me and my body melted in his hands. "Good girl," he whispered into my mouth.
Brian surprised me. I'd expected him to get straight to the main event and fuck me to within an inch of my life. I'd expected to feel the rush that came with sex but not the mind altering surge of pleasure that came from an orgasm. Turns out he's an exceptionally considerate lover.
He took his time with me, probably more time than his break allowed. His fingers danced over, under, and around my clit over and over again until I was clinging to him. Gasp, after gasp, after moan, flowed across my lips until, at last, my legs clamped around his hand and my body shook.
Only then did he move to pin me higher up on the wall, moving my legs to straddle his hips, and easing inside me. I was still pulsing, milking every inch that he gave me. Both of us struggled to breath and it only got harder when he started to move.
My hand wound its way around his neck, the other tried to weave it's way into his hair but couldn't so instead I raked my nails across his back. His hands dug into my hips with every thrust, his mouth danced across my shoulder and whispered dirty things in my ear.
"You feel so good around my cock baby, so hot, so soft, I want to do this again, only next time from behind." He nipped gently at the nape of my neck, my body fluttered around him. "That's it, tell me what you like."
"I like the way you touch me," I groaned.
"Yes," he rested his head against my shoulder and kept up that unrelenting pace. "Tell me."
"You feel so good inside me." I sucked in a sharp breath when his cock flexed inside me. "I want more of this, I want to..." I was cut off when he reached his own orgasm. The force of which pinned me to the wall, sandwiching me between him and it.
His recovery was quick, probably because time was running out. We both gathered ourselves, pulling on the clothing littering the floor. I checked my hair in the reflection of the mirror, and he got rid of the 'evidence'.
We met back at the door leading to the bar and he pulled me in for another life altering kiss. When Brian pulled back, he was smiling, looking at me as if to memorize every inch of my face. It was near impossible not to feel like the most beautiful woman in the world when he looked at me like that.
"Well, do you give me your number now or at the bar when I get you your drink." Reality hit hard and suddenly it was hard to swallow. Brian was apparently good at reading people because his look darkened. "One rule Vi," he reminded me.
"I know," I said. Doing my best to think fast, I fumbled to find a solution. "Why don't you give me your number, I'll call you."
He looked skeptical. "Let me guess, you do this with all the guys?"
That hurt. That did more than just hurt, it turned something that felt so good into something I was now ashamed of. Breathing hurt but I forced myself to do that and moved to the door. I opened the lock and shook my head at him.
"Keep your phone number," on second thought I added, "and for the record this broke a two year dry spell."
With that I left, found my girls and headed home.