Glancing over at Jen, I saw her staring at my breasts as they moved around under the blouse as I drove. I smiled at her and unbuttoned the blouse to my waist, exposing myself. I took her hand and placed it on my right nipple and felt her start to crease it. A few more turns, and we were on the highway.
Jen looked outside the car as she played with my nipples, and after making sure that no one could see, she leaned over and sucked first one, then the other nipple. The attention she was giving my breasts caused my juices to start flowing again, and before long, I could feel them leaking out of my pussy and down my ass onto the seat.
I moaned and pulled her tighter to my chest. Just before we exited the highway, I had another orgasm. It was not as strong as earlier, but it was the first one I ever had by someone sucking on my nipples. I pushed Jen away from my breasts and made the last few turns before pulling into the parking lot for the club.
I re-buttoned my blouse and grabbed the jacket from the back seat before exiting the car. I looked in at Jen as I finished putting my jacket on.
"I don't know what tonight will be like, but like I told you, if you don't want to do anything but watch, that's fine. If someone tries to force you into something, I want you to let me know, and we will leave."
She smiled at me as she got out of the car and walked around to hug me.
"Thanks for everything and for bringing me with you tonight. I promise that I will try to be open-minded."
"That's all anyone can ask," I told her, giving her one last hug.
I held her for a few minutes before letting her go and walking across the parking lot to the club. The bouncer smiled as we approached and let us in. The inside was the same as I remembered, although many more women were here tonight.
The dance floor was full of couples and small groups grinding against each other. Jen latched onto my arm as she realized that there were no men in the club at all. Some women had noticed the two of us and were openly staring. I looked around but could not find Sue, so I asked if the bartender knew where she was.
The bar was crowded and as loud as the rest of the club. I had to push my way in, dragging Jen with me, and felt several hands grab my ass and tits while I moved through the crowd. I felt Jen tighten her hold on my arm and realized she was getting the same treatment as I was, which annoyed me.
I gave a few of the women glares and felt them move away from us. With a hand motion, I got the bartender's attention and waited until she came over.
"Can I get you anything?" she asked.
I glanced down at my belly before looking back up. "I think I will stick with a soda. Jen, do you want anything?" I asked, looking at her.
"Can I get a beer?" she asked.
The bartender looked at her with a frown. "I will need to see some ID."
Jen pulled it out of her purse and handed it to the bartender. She looked it over with a few glances at Jen before returning it.
"You're only eighteen, dear, and you should know you are not old enough to drink. I should call the bouncer and have you tossed out. If we get caught serving minors, we lose our license," She told Jen.
"I am so sorry. I don't know why I asked for a beer. I have never been in a club like this. I guess I panicked," Jen said, looking like she would cry.
The bartender reached across the counter and cupped Jen's face, wiping away her tears.
"I am not going to call anyone dear. I was eighteen once, too. So, two sodas?" the bartender asked, looking at both of us.
"Yeah," Jen told her with a slight smile.
The bartender got two glasses and poured soda into them before handing them to us. I saw that she held onto Jen's glass, touching her hand for a few seconds longer than necessary before letting her have it. She looked into Jen's eyes for a few seconds before turning back to me with a smile.
"Anything else I can do for you?"
"Well, yes, I am supposed to meet Sue here, but I don't see her. Do you know where she might be?" I asked, stepping closer to Jen and putting an arm around her possessively.
The bartender looked at my arm around Jen's waist and back at me with a smile.
"She is in the room behind the dance floor over there," she said, pointing at a door in a dark corner of the club. With one last look at us, she moved away to help a blonde woman sitting at the other end of the bar.
I pulled Jen towards the door, skirting the dance floor. The bar was packed, and the dance floor was full of dancing women. As we approached the door, I noticed that some of the women dancing were just rubbing each other.
One woman caught my eye.
She was a tall redhead dancing behind a shorter Asian woman. I watched the redhead move her hands up her partner's outer thighs onto her bare midriff before pulling the Asian woman's top up so I could see her breasts.
Still looking me in the eye, she twisted the Asian woman's nipples, causing her to open her mouth. I pulled Jen away and finally made it to the back of the club.
We stopped outside the door, and I gave her one last glance and a smile as I opened the door and stepped inside. We entered a small room, lined with curtains, big enough for a few people to stand. In front of me was another door that was closed. I could make out an assortment of masks in a bin on the wall.
I waited until Jen closed the outer door, and our eyes adjusted before choosing a mask. There were several to choose from. I settled with a bird mask with a large beak. Jen put on one that looked like an Owl with orange trim around the eyes.
After donning our masks, I opened the door to the next room. This room contained a group of five round tables surrounding a central stage. The stage was three steps higher than the main floor, allowing the people sitting at a table to have an unobstructed view of the action.
As my eyes adjusted, I saw that most of the tables were already occupied by masked women. Walking around the room serving, several masked, topless women carried trays with finger foods and drinks.
The only other people I could see in the room were two women on the stage. The woman standing was wearing a black dress and a bird mask. She was holding the leash of another woman on all fours who only wore high heels and a collar.
The collared woman was blonde with large hanging breasts and looked to be in her early twenties. The woman holding her leash picked up a butt plug which looked to have a short tail attached to it. She presented the plug to the woman, who promptly sucked it into her mouth like a dick until it glistened with her saliva.
Taking the plug, the woman holding the leash ran it down the center of the kneeling woman's back until it disappeared between her buttocks. With a few strokes in her pussy the standing woman forced the plug in her pet's ass. Her pet dropped her head and pushed back to help seat the plug firmly. After it was in, The dressed woman led her pet to each table, where the seated woman pinched and slapped her ass.
During her rounds, one of the women seated at the table closest to the wall motioned us over. It was Sue, so we walked over and sat in the chairs.
"Hi Lisa, I am so glad you could make it," Sue said, looking over her glass. She wore a simple black sequin mask that perfectly matched her short black dress.
"Is this your friend you mentioned earlier?" she asked, looking at Jen.
"Yes, mistress. She agreed to come along and watch what happened here," I told Sue.
"I see. So little one, how do you find things so far?" Sue asked.
Before Jen could say anything, the woman, acting like a pet, crawled before Sue and sat on her haunches. The pet pulled her arms up with her elbows bent so her wrists were just about shoulder height and kept her hands pointed down like a dog begging for a treat.
She was panting until Sue uncrossed her legs and pulled her dress above her waist. I could see that she was not wearing panties, and as she spread her legs, I could see a little pink from the inside of her pussy.
The pet needed no further invitation and crawled between Sue's legs and started licking her pussy. Sue petted the woman's head like a dog and looked up at Jen, expecting her to answer the question.
Jen was staring at the woman between Sue's legs, entranced by what she saw. I touched her leg, and she jerked her eyes away from the woman between Sue's legs and looked at me.
"Mistress asked you a question, Jen," I told her.
"Sorry, I guess I am... I don't know. I have never been anywhere like this before," Jen said, frequently glancing at the woman eating Sue's pussy.
"Maybe I shouldn't have come. This, " Jen waved her arms around, " is all too much for me," she said as she started to stand up. I glanced at Sue, who smiled.
"It's ok, Jen. No one will force you to do anything you don't want to do. If you only want to sit and watch the entertainment, that's fine." Sue said as she grabbed the back of the head of the woman, eating her pussy, forcing her deeper into her pussy before she climaxed, covering the woman's face with her juices.
The woman kept gently licking Sue until she came down and pushed her away. She looked at both of us, raising an eyebrow before moving to the woman sitting next to Sue.
"She lost a bet with one of her coworkers, so she is here tonight serving as our bitch until we tire of her," Sue said, pulling her dress down, covering her pussy.
"Now, Lisa, I must decide what to do with you. I told you there would be a price for my permission to climax." She looked pensively into my eyes for a minute while I squirmed in my seat.
I knew that she had a wicked mind and that I might not want to do what she decided on. I didn't have to wait too long before she made a decision.
"In this room, anyone dressed and wearing a mask is considered a mistress, while anyone whose face is not covered is a sub that anyone can use.
"Sometimes, like the pet just here, they are brought in with specific tasks, and once finished, they are free to leave. Other times, there are no constraints; some have even been taken from here to use elsewhere.
"I know you are married, so I will restrict what you can do. Nothing permanent or that will show for more than a day or so on your body. Also, nothing that will harm your child or endanger you, as well as nothing that will get back to your family or work.
"Is there anything else that you want to include?"
I thought about it for a few minutes.
"I guess I don't want to have anything extend beyond this room, mistress," I told her.
"That sounds fair. Then, you will be a toy for anyone until the club closes at 2 a.m. Stand up slut," Sue told me as she stood.
I stood next to her feeling very nervous, wondering, not for the first time, what I had gotten myself into. I could feel my juices running down my leg and knew it didn't matter what I was told to do. I would do it. Sandy took her spoon and tapped her glass until the noise died, and she had everyone's attention.
"Tonight, I have a special treat for you.
"As you can see, this beautiful woman standing next to me is a few months pregnant, and while she says she loves her husband, she is here tonight for us to play with.
"There are a few rules, though; nothing permanent or marks that will last longer than a few days. No activities that could harm the child or the mother's well-being.
"No pictures or video of any kind, and she will not be taken from this room. Everything else is fair game."
There was a round of applause from the seated women, and after they had quieted down, Sandy turned to me.
"Strip slut and let everyone see what their toy looks like."
I glanced at Jen, who looked a little like a deer caught in the headlight, so I smiled at her and began undressing. I handed my clothes to Jen as I pulled them off, and I was completely nude in no time.
"Turn around so we can get a good look," someone called out from across the room.
I slowly turned, feeling like a piece of meat. Several of the women made comments about the butt plug, and someone said they wanted to fuck the little breeder.
After I had made a complete circle, Sue took my hand and led me to the stage. She moved a thin bench over and had me get on my hands and knees so the bench was between my breasts and stomach.
"We don't want you to get tired too early," she said with a smile.
"Spread your legs slut," she told me, so I moved them as wide as I could, and she fastened them to the stage. After securing my legs, she moved to the front and bound my hands to the location before me. "
Are you comfortable, dear?" Sue asked me, squatting down by my face and stroking my hair.
"Yes, Mistress," I told her, smiling.
She stood up and pulled her dress over her head. She was completely nude underneath, and I could see that she was excited by the juices staining her upper thighs. She approached my face and pushed her pussy forward for me to eat.
"Come on bitch, eat me," she said, pulling my hair hard to force more of my face into her pussy.
The pain I felt in the back of my head had me licking her franticly in no time, and after just a few minutes, she climaxed, covering my face with her juices.
There was applause from the audience, and as Sue walked over to a table next to me, another woman approached to take her place. The new woman was very tall with a slender build and almost jet-black skin.
She smiled at me as she pulled her dress over her head, exposing her naked body. She had large breasts for her frame, at least a D cup, and as my eyes trailed down her body, I noticed a shaved pussy with a large clit sticking out from her lips.
"I want to see if your tongue is that talented," she said as she started rubbing her clit and pussy on my nose and mouth.
I began licking her clit, and before long, I was sucking it like a little cock. She was moaning and pulling my hair, forcing more of her clit into my mouth. Her movements showed me she was getting close to an orgasm when she pulled away and turned around. She spread her legs before me, revealing her asshole and hanging pussy lips.
"Fuck my ass with your tongue slut," she told me as she backed into my face.
She smelled a little musky, and I could not bring myself to do what she told me. I kept my mouth closed as she rubbed her ass on my face. She realized that I was not following directions and pulled away. She looked mad at me for not doing what I was told and glanced at Sue.
Sue shrugged her shoulders.
"You know the rules, so as long as you don't violate them, I don't care what she wants you to do."
The woman looked back down at me.
"One last chance bitch, get your fucking tongue in my ass," she told me, pushing her ass back into my face again.
I tried to turn my head, but she was holding my hai,r forcing my face into her ass. I thought that maybe I could get her to stop if I licked her pussy and managed to get in a few licks before she pulled away.
"That is not my asshole bitch. You must be fucking stupid. I might not be able to fix stupid, but I know that I can train it," she said with a nasty smile as she walked over to the table Sue was standing next to.
She rummaged around on the table before picking something up. As she turned around, I could see that it was a riding crop, and with the same evil smile, she started smacking it into her palm as she walked back over to me. I was getting very nervous and turned my head to follow her as she walked around me.
"Face forward bitch," she told me and smacked my left ass cheek hard to make her point. I cried out and quickly faced the audience as she circled my body.
"I gave you a few chances to follow my orders, and you failed miserably. I don't know what your fucking problem is, but I intend to make sure you know how to follow orders," the tall woman said.
Suddenly, I heard a loud smack and a sharp pain in my right breast. She quickly struck my ass again.
I started sobbing a little from the pain.
"Bitch you had better start counting and stop the crying and moaning you are doing, or this will continue for a long time."
She struck my ass again. I quickly called out, "Four!"
My outburst brought some laughter from the audience, but the woman whipping me did not seem to find any humor.
"Bitch we start counting at one around here, and you had better thank me after each one," her comment was followed by another hard stroke on my left breast.
I suppressed crying out and said.
"One, thank you, Mistress."
"That's better bitch. Remember, if you lose count, we must start over."
She started whipping me faster, and I counted each one after I felt the pain. She concentrated on my ass and the sides of my hanging breasts moving around me as she worked. I could feel tears running down my face, but I was determined not to cry out. She whipped me constantly for at least ten minutes before she seemed satisfied before moving in front of me again and pressing her ass against my face.
"Now bitch, get your fucking tongue inside my ass," she said, pressing her asshole against my mouth.
I stuck out my tongue and licked her asshole before trailing down to her pussy and back again, but I could not force myself to stick my tongue into her ass. She held my face to her ass and let me lick for a few minutes before pushing my face away.
"You must be really fucking stupid bitch," she said, returning to the table.
She put the riding crop down and picked up a longer whip. She walked behind me, and without any preamble, she flicked the whip against my left buttock.
I heard the whip's sound as it cut through the air and the smack when it hit me just before the pain reached my brain. My body went ridged and pulled on the cuffs, holding me to the floor, trying to escape. The pain was incredible, and I could only sob and cry.
"You better start counting bitch," the woman said.
I hurriedly called out, "One, thank you, Mistress."
She struck me again on the other buttocks. The pain was almost more than I could stand. I remembered to count just before she hit me again. She gave me ten lashes before she landed one on my pussy.
The tip of the whip curled up and hit my clit less than a second after the body of the lash hit between my pussy lips. I went ridged and had a massive orgasm, squirting juices like a fountain all over the stage behind me.
My body finally relaxed, although my arms and legs felt like jelly. I was glad I was lying on the bench because otherwise, I would have collapsed to the floor. The woman moved back to my face and put her ass back before my lips.
I quickly stuck my tongue out and forced it inside her asshole. The woman chuckled and grabbed the back of my head, forcing more of my face and tongue into her ass. For the next few minutes, I fucked her ass with my tongue before she pulled away from me and turned around, facing me.
"See, it was not that hard. I want you to think about this. You could have saved yourself a lot of pain by simply following directions. Since you seem to have problems following orders, I have a few more things I will do with you slut, before I let you finish me off.
"Open your mouth."
I quickly opened my mouth and watched as she gathered her spit before letting it dangle between her lips slowly moving towards my open mouth. I watched as it got closer and closer before it finally fell and landed on my tongue.
"Swallow," she told me, and I did.
She did this a few more times before she seemed satisfied. She motioned to Sue, and suddenly, the stage started slowly rotating until I was sideways to the audience. The woman moved her pussy in front of my face, and I thought that she had finished tormenting me.
Sadly, I was mistaken.
"I need to relieve myself, but I would need to get dressed to use the restroom, so I am going just to use your mouth instead." She said, putting her evil smile back on.
I started shaking my head back and forth. "Please don't. I have done everything else."
"Bitch I don't remember asking you if it was something you wanted to do," she said.
She moved forward and pushed her pussy against my closed lips.
"Open your fucking mouth bitch" she told me, pulling hard on my hair.
I simply could not do what she demanded and closed my mouth tightly. She got mad and moved away from me, snapping the whip in the air for effect.
"I really am enjoying this," she said as she struck my back with the whip.
I screamed and jerked and felt another hit against my ass. The woman didn't seem to care that I wasn't counting, nor did it matter how loud I screamed. She walked around my bound body, whipping me before she settled on striking my hanging breasts.
I had stopped screaming, just sobbing, wishing someone would stop her. Just when I thought the pain could not get any worse, she managed to land a direct hit on my right nipple.
I went ridged and opened my mouth for another scream, but before I could get it out, she struck my left nipple. I collapsed at least as much as the bench would let me, jerking and crying. I felt the woman walk around in front of me again. I shivered as she knelt before me, pulling my head up to look into her eyes.
She no longer wore the evil smile and looked a little concerned.
"You have taken a lot more than most subs could, which makes me proud. That said, I will keep going if you can't follow directions. Do you want to do what I told you to, or should I keep going?"
I knew that I could not take any more.
"I will do what you ask, Mistress. Please don't whip me anymore," I pleaded with her.
"Good girl," she said with a smile as she stroked my hair a few times before standing up.
She got back into position, and I opened my mouth. She released a small stream of piss into my open mouth and stopped.
"Swallow," she said, and I did.
Her piss tasted as bad as I thought it would, and I gagged a little but managed to swallow without throwing up.
"Good girl," she said again before squirting some more piss into my mouth.
After a few times, she started pissing in a slow constant stream into my mouth, and I swallowed as fast as I could to avoid letting any spill out of my mouth. She finished and petted my head before pushing her pussy against my open mouth.
"Suck bitch," she told me.
I started sucking and licking her pussy and clit, and in no time, she exploded, shooting her juice into my mouth. I drank all of her juices and kept licking until she pulled away.
She bent down and grabbed my chin, forcing my head up.
Looking into my eyes, she started kissing me passionately, reaching below me and stroking my dangling nipples, which sent shivers through my body down to my clit.
She pulled away a little.
"I am proud of you. Most women would not have been able to handle what you did. If you decide your life is boring and want a change, ask Sue to call Terri."
She stroked my hair more before collecting her dress and walking off the stage. Her departure signaled that I was free to use, and a line of women moved toward the stage.
Most wanted me to eat them out, but a few wanted me to stick my tongue in their ass, while two others used me as a toilet. I don't know how long I was abused, but eventually, no more women were in line to get serviced. At that point, Sue walked back up next to me.
"She will take a short break now and return for her grand finale in about half an hour. "
She squatted down, removing the cuffs holding me to the stage, and helped me up to my feet. It took a few minutes for me to get my feet under me and be able to walk without fear of falling. When I was able, she helped me off the stage and through a door.
As I walked off the stage, I noticed Jen following behind me, looking concerned. I smiled at her and took her hand as we walked down a short hallway to what looked like a dressing room.
"Why don't you clean up," Sue said, pointing to a small bathroom off to the right.
I took my purse from Jen and walked into the bathroom, shutting the door behind me. I looked in the mirror and saw that I did look like I had been ridden hard. My makeup was ruined and running down my face. I could see the whip marks on my breasts, and turning around, I could also see them on my back and ass.
Some marks were fading already, but a couple looked red and angry. I sighed and used the toilet before starting to fix my makeup. It took about five minutes, but I got most of it repaired. Taking a toothbrush from my purse, I brushed my teeth and left the restroom.
Jen and Sue were sitting on the couch close together, whispering, when I opened the door. Their faces were just inches apart, and if not for my untimely entrance, they would have soon been kissing. Jen looked away a little guiltily, but Sue just smiled.
"You look much better. How are you feeling?" Sue asked, a little concerned.
"I am stiff, and where I was whipped stings like hell. Other than that, I guess I am okay," I told her.
"Come here, dear. I think I have something that will make you feel better," Sue said.
I moved closer to her, and she picked up a jar of white salve and rubbed it gently into the whip marks on my breasts. As soon as the ointment touched my skin, the fire and pain in the marks seemed to evaporate. Jen helped Sue, and I was feeling much better in no time.
"I have one more thing for you to do, and afterward, you will have paid off your debt. If you choose, you can leave," Sue told me, sitting down the salve.
I must have looked apprehensive because Sue chuckled.
"It is not as bad as you just endured, and I think you will enjoy it. I will warn you that it will be recorded upfront, but your face will be behind a mask, so the odds that anyone will know who you are is minuscule."
Sue handed me a bag that contained a latex costume with varying-sized black spots on a white background. Holding it up and turning it around, I realized it was a Jersey cow costume. I gave Sue a look, which caused her to laugh.
"Yeah, I know, but you will look great in it," Sue laughed.
She left Jen with me to help me get ready while she checked on someone else. The long-sleeved costume started at my neck and ended at my ankles with two small holes for my breasts and a slot along the crotch that allowed access to my ass and pussy.
"There is no way my breasts will fit through these holes," I told Jen.
She pulled on the fabric and found that it did give a little. "It might, but it will be tight," she said.
Using the lotion in the bag, she helped me into the costume. My large breasts fit through the holes where they hung obscenely out the front of the outfit. Also in the bag was a mask with floppy ears covering most of my face, leaving my mouth and eyes unobscured.
The final parts of the costume were a pair of gloves and matching high heels, both of which looked like cow hooves. I looked in the mirror and could not believe the woman staring back at me. She looked every bit like a human cow.
"You look so sexy," Jen said, standing behind me and watching me in the mirror. She slipped her hands to the front as I stood there and started caressing my hanging breasts. Her attention started turning me on as I watched her fondle my large breasts. She moved her right hand down and lightly rubbed my clit when the door opened.
"I hope I am not interrupting anything," Sue said as Jen jerked away.
"No, just adjusting the costume," Jen said, blushing.
"Good. Let me look at you," Sue said, walking beside me.
"You look great, Lisa, much better than I thought when I picked up the costume," Sue said, running her hands up and down the outfit.
"There is only one thing missing," she said, bringing a collar and leash into view. She fastened the collar around my neck and handed the leash to Jen.
"Would you mind walking the cow out on stage after I announce her? I think the effect will be even better, almost like you are taking your cow to the market," she told Jen.
Looking at me, she said, "Remember, Lisa, cows walk on all fours, not upright," with that, she left the room, motioning us to follow her.
I glanced at Jen, and she smiled, tugging on the leash. "Come on, cow. We have places to be," Jen said, helping me down on all fours and walking me out the door.
We followed Sue up to the door leading out into the Den. "Wait here until I call for you," she told us, walking out onto the stage.
"Ladies, may I have your attention? Tonight's entertainment has been great so far, and I think everyone will enjoy the main attraction. So without further delay, please welcome back our sub for the evening."
I could hear clapping, and Sue motioned for us to come onto the stage. Jen pulled the leash, and I followed her as we turned the corner and entered the main stage. I was surprised at the level of detail Sue had gone to when decorating the stage.
It looked like a small farm yard with hay bales stacked behind the central area, a water trough, a stool, and a pail. Sue motioned Jen to lead me up next to the seat and had her hook my leash on the bar coming off the water trough.
When Jen was done, I glanced around nervously, waiting for what would happen. Sue whispered something to Jen, who shook her head and glanced at me. She said something else, and Jen bit her lip as I watched her come to a decision and nod her head.
"Can I get a volunteer from the audience?" Sue asked, looking at the women seated in front of the stage.
Several hands went up, and Sue selected one belonging to a very petite young Asian woman. She came on stage and waved to the audience before talking with Sue. She got a big grin and walked over to me, moving the stool around until it was next to me and moving the pail under my breasts.
The first thing that went through my mind was; Crap, they would milk me.
I kept still as the woman started creasing my breasts before moving to my right one, and while holding the breast a few inches from the nipple, she started pulling downwards. At first, there was not a lot of fluid coming out, but she continued, and before long, you could hear drops of my milk hitting the pan.
She alternated between my breasts. The feeling was weird, but the entire thing turned me on. As the milk leaked out of my breasts slowed down, I could not help but moan a little. The Asian woman milking me let my breasts go and patted me on the head.
"Good cow," she repeatedly said as she stroked my hair, letting my breasts rest.
She moved her hands down and started fingering my pussy before slipping a finger inside me. She pumped her finger in and out a few times before bringing it to my mouth.
I sucked my juice off her finger until it was clean. She pulled her finger out of my mouth with a plop and moved back to milking me. She alternated between finger fucking my pussy and milking my breasts several times, driving me closer and closer to a massive orgasm. Just before I arrived, she stopped and waited for me to calm down.
"Please," I begged.
"Please, what cow?" she asked.
"Please let me cum, Mistress," I said, looking up at her.
"In good time, cow," she smirked as she moved the pails out of the way and walked over to Sue's table before picking up something. She hid what was in her hands as she walked back to me.
"Close your eyes, cow," she told me.
I followed her command, getting more nervous as she stroked my back and sides. I was concerned with what she had hidden from me. She started twisting my engorged nipples again, pulling them hard, causing me to gasp.
"Good girl, stay in position," she praised me as she tugged and twisted my nipples harder. She let go of my right nipple and concentrated on my left, twisting it while pulling it toward the floor, causing me to moan and move around a little.
"Easy, girl," she said, releasing my left nipple and stroking my hair.
Suddenly, I felt a very sharp pain in my left nipple. I cried and opened my eyes to see why my left nipple hurt. I saw some kind of clamp on my nipple, which was causing the pain. I tried to pull back from the clamp and her hand, but when I moved, the pain increased almost more than I could handle. Then, I noticed it was attached to a chain anchored on the floor between my hands.
"I don't remember telling you that you could open your eyes, my slutty cow," the Asian woman said.
"You had better get them fucking closed before I decided you need to be whipped again."
I quickly closed my eyes and started shuddering as I felt her start twisting my right nipple again. She would stop and let go of my nipple, watching me tense up from the expected pain only to move back and torment my nipple again. She did this several times, and just when the shooting pains from my left nipple started to fade into a dull ache, she put the other clamp on my right nipple.
This one hurt more than the first, and I moaned but kept my eyes tightly closed. I could feel tears running down my cheeks. The Asian woman must have noticed because she started licking them off my face while she petted me.
"Good cow. I am so proud of you," the Asian woman said as she petted my head with one hand and creased my ass with the other.
I was still shaking as she slipped the hand from my head under my belly to crease my stomach before gently rubbing my clit. Her other hand slid down the curve of my ass until she slipped a finger inside my pussy.
It took a few minutes because of the pain in my nipples, but before long, I could feel my juices running down my leg as I moved closer to the orgasm she had denied me earlier. She moved behind me and added another finger into my pussy before she started driving her fingers hard into me. The fingers she pushed inside moved me slightly forward with each stroke, which caused spikes of pain through my nipples as I stretched them.
I was getting closer, and I started moaning.
"Cows don't moan slut, they moo. I had better hear you mooing instead, or I will stop fingering you," the Asian woman said.
I started mooing for her as she finger fucked me.
"Good girl," she said.
I felt so embarrassed.
Here I was, practically nude on all fours in front of a group of women I had never met before, letting a stranger finger fuck me while I moo-ed like a cow, all the while dressed in a cow costume. Even so, I think this was the most turned-on I have been in my entire life.
She added another finger and pushed harder, driving her fingers into my pussy. The pain in my nipples had changed, and each sharp spike seemed to drive me higher. I was so close to an orgasm when she stopped finger fucking me and started to rub my clit.
"Do you want to cum slut?" she asked.
"Yes, mistress, please let me cum," I responded, pushing my pussy onto her hand and trying to finish what she had started.
She started rubbing harder on my clit, and as I got closer, I arched my back putting more pressure on my nipples. As I was about to climax, I felt a sharp pain in my clit. I opened my mouth to scream, but nothing would come out. The next thing I felt was the world explode as the most powerful orgasm of my life washed over me.
I remember falling, and the next thing I knew, Sue was calling my name. As things became clearer, I found my head in her lap and her stroking my hair.
"Are you ok? You passed out after the clamp was put on your clit," she said.
"I guess I am okay," I told her, still getting my soundings to come into focus.
"Do you want to continue, Lisa?" she asked.
I thought about it and realized I had never felt this way before and didn't want it to stop. "I want to finish my punishment, mistress," I told her.
"Good girl, I am proud of you."
She helped me regain position, and I noticed a few things. While I was out, someone had removed the props off the stage and turned down the house lights so I could not see anyone in the audience.
"Ladies, we have one more treat for you tonight. As you can see, our cow is already pregnant, but like all sluts, she is still very horny. For your viewing pleasure, we will reenact how the little cow here got into the condition she is in," Sue told everyone.
Two women walked out of the darkness before me onto the stage. The first one had very dark, almost blue-black skin, and I could see bulging muscles from her tiny dress. She pulled off her dress, exposing a body most men would be proud to have.
Her breasts were large and looked odd, jutting out over her heavily muscled abdomen. Her legs looked to be twice the size of mine, and from what I could see, there was not an ounce of fat on her. Between her legs, I could see her clit sticking out from a large patch of curly hair. I lost sight of the other woman as the Amazon moved before my face.
"Suck on me bitch," she said, forcing my head into her pussy. I licked the head of her large clit a few times before pulling it into my mouth and sucking on it like a cock. As I moved my head back and forth, I felt another pair of hands on my ass, stroking my buttocks before slipping a finger into my pussy. I moaned into the pussy of the woman before me as someone else continued to finger fuck me.
"Enough bitch," the woman I was sucking said as she pushed me away from her clit.
The sudden motion backward drove more of the fingers into my pussy and caused sharp pains in my still-clipped nipples. I tried to stay still as the person fingering me started pushing harder, but even with my best effort, I still found the clips on my nipples and clit pulled, causing sharp pains.
I could hear the sloppy noises my pussy was making and realized that my juices must be pouring out of my pussy. A sudden removal of the fingers stopped me from having another orgasm.
I moaned and heard the Amazon woman chuckle.
"Don't worry bitch, before we are done, you will cream all over the stage."
I looked up as she walked before me and noticed that she was strapping on an 8-9 inch dildo with a 4 -5 inch part that slipped inside her pussy. After she adjusted the straps, she positioned the fake cock in front of my mouth.
The woman before me smiled and said, "Starting now, you can cum as much as you want, but you will follow directions and had better not stop fucking unless you are told."
"Understand slut?"
"Yes, Mistress. Thank you," I told her, smiling at her.
"Don't thank me yet bitch," she said as she pushed the dildo into my mouth.
I started licking and sucking the fake cock as she fucked my face. Before long, I had a little over half the dildo in my mouth and, on some strokes, a little more.
"You had better get the whole thing in your mouth bitch," she told me as she hit the back of my throat.
I tried harder, and after a few more strokes, I could push my nose into the forest of hair covering her pelvis.
"Good bitch, now the fun starts," she told me.
I felt the other person behind me as they started rubbing something against my pussy. As she put pressure on it, I realized I would be fucked by the other woman and tried to push back, hoping to get off sooner.
Pushing back against the other woman caused the clamps to pull on my nipples, sending a shooting pain from my nipples down to my clit, which made me move forward to relieve the strain. Moving forward, I forced the dildo in my mouth back into my throat and felt pain in my nipples and clit.
The Amazon in front of me pulled my hair until my face touched her abdomen before releasing me so the woman behind me could pull me back. It didn't take long for them to develop a rhythm, moving me between them as they fucked my pussy and face. The pain in my nipples and clit seemed to keep my orgasm just out of reach.
For several minutes, all I could hear was the slap of skin on skin as the two women fucked me hard. I kept climbing higher and higher, never getting to the top when suddenly it hit.
I started shaking hard as I came, and the only thing keeping me from collapsing in a heap on the stage were the two cocks inside me. The woman kept fucking me right through my first orgasm, and shortly after it peaked, I felt myself rising to another one.
It was smaller than the first one, but I never stopped cumming. I could feel my juices running down my legs, and as I felt another orgasm building, I felt the cock in my pussy starting to get bigger before it exploded, sending hot jets deep inside me. The shooting cum deep inside me triggered another large orgasm. As I began to cumming again, the Amazon in front of me reached her orgasm and forced the dildo deep into my throat, her juices spraying my face and soaking my chin and hair.
They stayed buried in my throat and pussy as they finished before the Amazon slowly pulled out of my mouth. She knelt by my face and started kissing me. Our tongues danced for a few minutes before she pulled away and looked into my eyes.
"I hope you enjoyed the first part," she said before standing up and pulling off the dildo.
"Clean me bitch," she ordered as she pushed her wet pussy into my face.
I licked all of her juices off her legs and around her pussy before pushing my tongue inside her pussy to get the last little bit.
"Fuck you are good," she praised me as she pulled away and reattached the dildo.
She looked over my shoulder.
"Switch?" she asked the person behind me.
"Sure," I heard a woman's voice say.
I felt the softening cock pulled out of my pussy and could feel the cum leaking out of my stretched hole and running down my legs. As the woman who had fucked my pussy moved into my view, I realized I already knew who she was.
"Hi, Mistress Gail," I said with a smile.
"Hi, my little slut," she said as she knelt to kiss me.
While kissing, I felt the Amazon push her fake cock inside my soaked pussy a few times before she pulled out. Gail stood up and offered me her soft cum covered dick for me to clean. I opened my mouth, and she put it inside.
As is started to get into cleaning her dick, I felt pressure on my asshole from the Amazon trying to put her dildo into me. I tried to pull back from Gail to tell her to stop, but Gail held tightly onto my head, keeping her dick firmly embedded in my mouth.
To her credit, the Amazon did not try to force the entire dildo inside and took her time with small slow strokes, gradually working the whole thing in until I felt her hairy pelvis against my ass.
She started moving in longer strokes until the head of the dildo pulled my anal ring out a little before pushing in. As she fucked me, Gail's dick started to grow, and before long, they were both fucking me again, moving my body back and forth like a puppet pulling painfully on my nipples and clit.
I felt myself starting to respond to their treatment of me, and it wasn't long before I had another intense orgasm. I could feel my juices spraying out of my empty pussy as I shook.
They both buried their cocks inside me and held still until I stopped shaking before slowing, pulling their cocks entirely out of my body. Gail smiled at me before walking around me towards my ass. The amazon moved her soiled dildo in front of my face, waving it around.
"Clean up your mess bitch," she told me, pushing the dick against my closed lips.
I did not want to obey her; the dildo just came out of my ass, so I shook my head but kept my mouth shut.
"I fucking gave you an order bitch. Now open up your hole and clean the mess you made on my dick," she told me, pushing harder against my mouth.
I knew I would lose this battle, but some part of me wanted her to force me to do it.
"Suit yourself bitch," she said and reached behind my head and grabbed two handfuls of my hair.
She stepped back a bit and started pulling my hair, forcing me to move towards her to relieve the pain in the back of my head. As soon as I moved, I felt the clamps digging into my nipples and clit.
As she pulled harder on my hair, the pressure on both my head and my nipples and clit increased, as did the pain I felt. I felt tears rolling down my cheeks as I cried, but I kept my mouth closed so she could not push the nasty dildo inside. The tug of war between us only lasted a few minutes before I gave in and opened my mouth, willing to do anything to make the pain disappear.
"I thought you would see it my way," the Amazon said as she forced the entire dildo into my mouth, still holding my hair, painfully extending my nipples and clit until her pelvis was pressed into my nose.
I tried hard not to think about where it had been and was relieved when she released my hair so I could move back to a more neutral position. I felt Gail fingering me and gently rubbing my clit before she slowly forced her dick into my pussy.
Both women started moving me between them like before, and I had another two small orgasms before I felt Gail's dick expand, signaling she was going to cum. Her orgasm triggered another one in me, and this time the amazon pulled out and let me drop my shoulders to the stage while Gail's dick kept my ass in the air. I laid there a few minutes, catching my breath before Gail pulled her softening dick out of my pussy, releasing another flood of cum to run down my legs and drip on the floor.
"Stay in this position while I finish up," Sue told me as I started to lay down, so I held the position with my breasts pushed into the stage and my ass high in the air until she finished taking pictures.
When Sue finished taking photos, Gail and Sue removed the clamps from my nipples and helped me get onto my knees.
"Keep your legs spread slut," Sue told me as she helped me widen my legs. She adjusted the clit clamp so I could not move from this position without causing me more pain.
Gail moved in front of my face, and I took her dick into my mouth before I was told, licking the cum off it.
"Good slut," she told me, petting my hair.
I kept licking and sucking, and she got hard again, so before long, she was fucking my face as the two loads of cum she had deposited into my pussy leaked out and formed a small puddle under my ass. It wasn't long before I took her cock into my throat.
She stepped backward and pulled my hair to keep me deep-throating her as she got her rhythm going. The move caused the clamp on my clit to pull hard, sending sharp pains through my body every time she pulled me forward. Before long, I realized I was moving towards another orgasm without anyone touching me besides the clamp on my clit and the constant tugs it was getting.
As I approached my orgasm, I felt Gail's dick expand and realized we would be coming simultaneously. She seemed to sense it as well because she increased the pace she was fucking my face. Just as I exploded, she stepped back a little more pulling my hair, forcing me to put even more stress on my poor clit.
I shot my juices all over the stage behind me, and the force of the orgasm helped push all the cum Gail had deposited inside me onto the floor. With the extra stress on my sore clit I could not stop the orgasms from ripping through me. Just when I thought I could not take anymore, Gail released my hair and pulled her dick entirely out of my mouth, and exploded all over my face and chest.
"Hold that position slut," Sue told me as more pictures were taken of my cum covered body.
When she finished taking photos, Sue unfastened my clit, which sent sharp pains through my body as the circulation went back to normal.
"Since you have been such a good girl, I have one last treat for you," she told me as she stroked my hair.
"While I go get it, I want you to turn around and clean up the mess you have made over my nice, clean stage."
I glanced around for something to wipe up the mess, which made Sue laugh.
"No, you silly girl, you will use your tongue to clean up the mess," she told me.
She helped me get back up on my hands and knees and turned me around so my ass faced the audience. There was a lot of cum on the stage under where my ass had been. I looked at her to ensure she was serious, and when she frowned, I dropped my head and started licking up my mess.
Sue handed my leash to the Amazon, and I watched her walk backstage but soon forgot her as I was led around and forced to clean up. I had just finished cleaning it up as best as possible when I saw Sue returning, leading another person behind her on a leash.
As Sue entered the stage, I realized the other person was Jen. She had changed into a dog mask with floppy ears and a butt-plug tail. Otherwise, she was completely naked.
The Amazon led me around the stage before returning to the center and turning me to face the audience again. Jen was led around to the front of me, and I realized she had a ring gag holding her mouth open, and with her head down, a small trail of drool was hanging down onto the floor.
"Lick the dog's face slut," Sue told me, pulling Jen's face up to mine.
I stuck out my tongue and licked her face and the drool off her chin before sticking my tongue into her mouth and kissing her. Jen returned the kiss passionately, telling me she was enjoying this.
"Now, since animals can't talk, I want you to tell her hello like a good little cow."
I decided to play along "Moo. Moo," I told Jen.
Sue turned Jen around so her ass was in my face.
"Why don't you tell her hello and say you like her coming out to play with you."
I started licking Jens's ass and around the butt plug before I turned my head a little and pushed my tongue into her pussy. She moaned and pushed her ass back, forcing as much of my tongue into her as possible.
"Oh, that feels good," Jen moaned, which earned her a smack on the ass, causing her to jump forward out of reach of my tongue.
"You stupid dog. Everyone knows dogs can't talk," Sue scolded her.
Jen dropped her head slightly and whimpered like a dog might before backing her ass into my face again. I continued to lick and suck her until Sue pulled her away. Jen was flushed and looked close to an orgasm as she was dragged around the back of me.
"Tell the nice cow hello, dog," Sue told Jen.
I felt her breath on my ass just before she pushed her tongue into my gaping pussy. Her licking felt so good, but I shuddered whenever she ran her tongue across my clit. I could feel another orgasm approach.
Sue must have realized it because she pulled Jen away from my pussy.
After a few minutes, my breathing had almost returned to normal when Sue started talking again.
"Ok, dog, you and cow can be excellent friends.
"Dog, have you ever seen how a cow bred?"
Jen shook her head and barked.
"Really?"
"Well, it's straightforward, the male is led up behind the female, and he climbs on her back and starts thrusting his dick until it finds a hole. Most of the time, it's the cow's pussy that gets fucked, but I guess sometimes it might be her ass. Since you are now the proud owner of a dick, I think it would be great to help the cow out since we don't have another male cow around to breed her with. Go ahead and climb on her back and fuck her real good."
I felt Jen climb over my ass and put her hands on my shoulders.
"Silly dog, you can't put your paws there. You need to drape them over cow's neck so you have leverage to fuck her," Sue told her.
Jen moved her arms until they were on either side of my neck. The position forced the dildo she had between her legs up against my ass.
"Good dog, now start thrusting your dick until it finds a hole. Once you find one, you must drive it in hard and fuck the cow. Cows love being fucked real hard," Sue told her.
Not wanting the dildo in my ass, I lowered my shoulders and raised my ass as Jen started thrusting her cock. Luckily after a few tries, she got the tip into my pussy, and once in, she thrust in as hard as she could.
I groaned but stayed still as Jen started fucking me as hard and fast as she could. Before long, I had a small orgasm, but Jen kept going. I could feel her drool dripping down onto the center of my back, forming a puddle before slowly running off to the side and dripping onto the floor.
Jen fucked me through three orgasms before I felt her stiffen as she came, forcing the dildo as deep into me as she could. When she had recovered, Sue pulled her off my back.
"That was a good girl," she told Jen.
"Now I want you to clean up cow again to thank her for letting you fuck her."
I felt Jen licking my juices again but was too tired to respond. When Sue thought she was done, she again led Jen to my face. I could see that they had attached a wide 9-inch dildo to Jen, which must have been what she used to fuck me.
"Now, cow. I want you to thank the dog for breeding you," Sue told me, turning Jen sideways in front of me, and her dick was hanging obscenely under her belly.
I bent slightly, turned my head sideways, and started licking the dildo. The angle was not that good, and my belly kept me from getting to it properly. Sue saw the problem and pulled Jen around to face me.
"Don't move, cow. Up dog," Sue said, pulling Jen's leash over my back.
Jen started to stand but thought better of it, so she stayed on her knees and put her arms and chest on my back. The position put her dick right before my face, so I could lick and suck it much easier.
"Make sure you clean the entire thing, cow," Sue told me, pulling Jen a little further back until her hands were on my ass.
I got the dildo into my mouth and sucked and licked it for several minutes before Sue pulled Jen off me and around to my side, facing the audience.
"I want to thank you girls for the entertainment tonight," Sue told us as she led the audience into a round of applause.
Sue turned us around and walked us off the stage into the back. Once we were off stage, she had Jen help get me to my feet. I was unstable on them, having been so long on my hands and knees, so they helped me into the restroom to clean up. I did my best, but when I was done, I could still smell the cum on my body.
Jen and Sue were talking when I exited the room, and both looked at me concerned.
"Are you ok, sweetie?" Sue asked.
"I am tired and sore, but I guess I am ok otherwise," I told her.
Jen and Sue helped me dress again and led us to a door outside the club.
"This way is faster," she said, walking Jen and me to my car.
"Thank you for tonight, Mistress," I hugged her before climbing into my car.
"It was a blast, and I think we could do something similar after the baby is born. Maybe bring in some hung men to fuck you."
I shuddered at the image of big guys fucking me on the stage.
"Here is a link to the video and pictures we shot tonight. I have already emailed Pop the information so he can watch it. Jen, it was a pleasure to meet you, and if you decide that you would like to come back, here is my number. Just give me a call," Sue said as she hugged Jen.
When Jen got into the car, we backed out and drove back towards the mall.
"Where do you want me to drop you off?" I asked Jen, unsure if she wanted to talk about tonight.
"My car is at the mall. If you could just take me back there?" she quietly asked.
I looked over and could see she looked conflicted.
"Jen, are you ok?"
She didn't answer right away, and I wouldn't push it. We had gone about halfway back to the mall before she started talking.
"I was very nervous about going tonight, and after I realized what type of bar it was, I almost told you to take me back to the mall. I guess the only reason I stayed was because I was excited.
"I saw how that woman was led around like a dog and how she serviced anyone who wanted her. She must have been very excited with all the juice running down her legs."
"Then I saw you. Oh my God, you were amazing", Jen said, blushing but with a smile on her face.
"I was a little worried when they whipped you, but I saw how hard you came. That was when I wanted to be you. You are so beautiful, and I saw how much fun you had. I guess Sue realized I was turned on, too.
"She kept asking me if I wanted to join you. Don't get me wrong, a large part wanted to, but I just couldn't bring myself to do it. In the last part, she convinced me while the two women were using you, I should try to see if I enjoyed being part of it. I told her I didn't want to get whipped or hurt and didn't want to be involved in hurting you.
"She came up with the dog idea. I don't know if I would ever do it again, but I am glad I did this once."
"I understand completely. I am still trying to figure out what I am doing. I don't like the pain, but I can say that it did help me reach some pretty spectacular orgasms. The part where I am forced to obey a stranger is what turns me on the most, and the more perverted the act, the more excited I get.
"I am sure there are some lines that I will not cross but have not found them yet. What is sad is if you had told me a few weeks ago I would be not only cheating on my husband, but that I would have sex with multiple strangers or that some of my partners would be women, I would have laughed and walked away.
"Right now, I am trying to hold onto my marriage and job. Not to mention that being a mom scares the shit out of me."
Jen reached out and held my hand. "If you want to talk or go out and do something, let me know," Jen told me as we pulled up next to her car.
"Thanks for going with me tonight and listening to me complain," I told her with a smile.
"I had a lot of fun and would not have missed it for the world," Jen said.
We hugged quickly, and she got out and into her car. I waited until she pulled out of the spot before heading home. I just hope that Ken is still at work or asleep because I didn't want any questions right now.
The trip home was uneventful, and when the garage door opened and Ken's car was not in it, some of the tension I didn't know I had released. I parked the car and shut the garage door before leaving and entering the house. I showered and put the cum stained clothes into the washer before climbing into bed.
My last thought before falling asleep was I hope Ken was having fun at work.