In this chapter the horny hypnotherapist Dr D.G. Dalliance meets up with a devil in disguise, a spunky but rather sullied Sally. She's still the talk of her first job workplace,the public library from where she was sacked for her licentious behaviour without a licence. And later, her family trust him to straighten her out. Sally is just too big for her boots, the smart arse with a classy figure but no class at all when it comes to decorum.
And across town tiny Alice, the 4 feet 10 inch 21 year-old part-time model is taking a shower getting ready for tonight's Companion's Corner 'hire a fantasy model' assignment. She's booked to appear before the town's intensely disliked Judge Jurie in a hush hush arrangement that's cost him heaps of money. He likes to keep his own extra curricula and notably nocturnal fetishes secret from the public and he pays well to keep his court room image intact.
The Companion's Corner adult services business though gives him an outlet for his most fiendish fetish and Alice is the archetype of his fantasies. She's just 21, short with a small frame and merely big buds for boobs, a baby-faced good looking gal with a youthful tight figure making her look younger than she is.
Even the judge's first attempt to book her was adjourned for a month because others beat him to it seeking her Hollywood style role playing ability to act out fantasies and leaving clients exhausted but thankful.
Back on song though to kick proceedings off, the deviate Dr Dalliance is studying the background notes on Sally trying to work out why a good looking 5 feet 10 inch tall just turned 18 year-old chick with a sexy 36-20-33 figure and striking tight black curly hair to her shoulders would be so nasty to men. He looks at the picture supplied to him and shakes his head. Even in an earlier family photo she looks hot. You can tell the type just looking at her eyes and her mouth; hot, yes, and the kind of miss even a married man would like to mess with if his missus wasn't making it with him. So pretty, he thinks, and mature enough in the body so why does she act like a brat? He's about to find out.
She's just arrived and he opens the door to a tallish but strikingly attractive brown-eyed young lady whose first gesture is to pop bubble gum at him. She chews on it as he welcomes her. "It's nice to meet you Sally," he says as she cuts him off short. "Can't say the same about you" she says testily and as he ushers her inside he knows the background notes weren't exaggerated about her attitude. "I'm only here to shut them up complaining. You're wasting your time buddy if you think I'll listen to you."
It takes only an instant for him to sum her up; she's not just a smarty pants but likely not to be even wearing any. She's a stand-out prick teaser if ever he met one judging by the way she's dressed and it certainly supports the evidence about her dress sense in the background reports he just read about her. She's wearing a denim micro mini skirt that somehow hangs on her hips but so low it barely covers her pubic bone and he knows instantly it must be shaved or some hair would be showing. 'Provocative dress sense' is mentioned in her behavioural approach and the top she's wearing leaves little to the imagination.
This saucy Sally seems to go out of her way to get her points across whenever she's fronted by someone. She's not wearing a bra under the light grey thin nylon shirt that's tied in a knot below her ample bust line and the points she's communicating is that her breasts are so shapely they speak for her maturity without her saying a word. Even though she was expelled from high school for unseemly conduct before getting a casual job at the local library - it lasted one week - the hypnotherapist can see no respectable business would employ her the way she fronts up. She wears sandals at the end of her long legs with the kind of thighs to make any man sigh and that's just what he does as he watches her sit back in the sumptuous seat he's set aside for female patients he can more easily observe if they're wearing short skirts.
"Armchair seat, eh doc, am I sitting back far enough for you to look up my skirt?" she quips as her way of appreciating the comfortable seat.
"Don't jump to conclusions young lady," he answers, seeing she's wearing a skimpy black lace thong, the micro mini length outfit unable to get past the tops of her thighs and providing a panoramic picture between the shapely legs she deliberately keeps a foot apart.
"Now, let's get down to business Sally, I've been reading reports sent to me by your folks and even as far back as your old school before you were expelled and it's not a good picture of your past I'm afraid. I'm here to help you about your somewhat obnoxious manners and the way you go about flaunting yourself like a girl that hasn't grown up," he says sternly with the need to put more authority into his voice.
You're 18 going on 15 by your present manners, it's nothing to be proud of.
She keeps chewing her gum and blows another bubble at him, making it pop suggestively as if to suggest she likes doing things in front of a man that end in a sudden climax. "Sally, do you mind chewing that gum in such a childish manner, it's quite rude when someone's speaking to you and it's the kind of behaviour I'd expect in the school yard and not here at your age," he says more authoritively.
Sally shrugs her shoulders at him nonchalantly. "Not a bad body though for someone my age, eh? See you checkin' me out, just like all the rest."
"I'll ignore that remark thank you. Now what is it with you young lady that makes you display such disrespect for others? It seems you were like it when you went to school and you were kicked out last year and you're just as bad at home, you haven't got a job yet and already I can see you don't care much to be here right now."
"You got it mister, I'm only here 'cause of the harpin' at home. Besides my uncle brought me here last week I could tell you were the kind of do-gooder that I reckon that secretly likes a bit of young skirt; bet I'm not wrong, that's why I'm givin' you a good look right now; bet you like what you see huh?"
If this saucy Sally's not careful she could end up a sordid Sally, sort of. If he can hypnotise her after the chat's over he'll more than straighten her out. "I can see my dear Sally that you have a tongue that needs put in its place and..."
"You into French kissin' too eh?" she cuts in. "That what you want me to show you, how I do it or is it somethin' else that men like?"
"Young lady! I'm here to help you on behalf of the whole nation the way you are heading and I'm certainly not here to take your back chat. Now grow up and act your age for a change and show me you can demonstrate some maturity instead of this juvenile behaviour."
"Sorry mister, are you askin' me to show ya how big my tits are? That's showin' maturity isn't it?"she says cheekily as she jiggles them in each hand knowing he's already got a hard on behind his nice neat white panama casuals. With an eight-inch plus dick it's hard to conceal. "Hey, these boobs are real. Bet you'd love to get your hands on them," she teases.
He ignores her remark and gets out of his chair parked opposite her long legs and draws the curtains, puts on two table lamps so it's a more subdued setting and goes to his small bar in the corner and pours himself a glass of chardonnay. She watches him without speaking.
"How tall did you say you were?" he asks.
"I didn't say. Anyway I'm five feet t-e-n inches," she spells out with emphasis on the ten inches. "See I've got ten inches so how about you?" she throws at him. "You know, like the sports master at my old school, he was a black guy and they're all so well hung and he showed me but I didn't get the chance to see if he knew how to use it. So how big is yours doc?"
"My size is of no concern to you, I'm a professional and I'm taking all this in so I know how to handle your situation."
Sally's not sensual, she's straight up front. "Ha! That's a laugh, I bet I know what you mean by handling me. Just like the friggin' teachers at school, they don't mind touching me up but I get expelled for kissin' another girl."
He looks over the notes before him, puts his right hand on his chin and looks her in the eyes. "Sally according to this report that girl you were kissing as you call it was on her back with her dress up and her legs apart in what adults call cunnilingus. In this report you're quoted as saying you did it because you wanted to hear a girl moaning, when she's aroused you got sprung."
"Okay Mister Do-gooder I'll have you know I wasn't in the middle of the floor doin' it I was behind a row of book shelves and that made it private to me. Besides I made her come so it wasn't all for nuthin,' was it?"
He draws a deep breath sizing up her slutty attitude wondering how he can help her folks straighten her out and help him at the same time. "Sally you are a bit of a handful I can see that, and in more ways than one, let's move on from the school incident. This other report from what your uncle sent me suggests you've been banned from three shopping malls for bending over in that kind of micro mini skirt thing hanging off your hips without anything on underneath and that's only one of many exhibitionist things you did"
She sticks her chin up at him with a sullen expression. "What's on under me skirt or not on is nobody's business. I can't help it if men perv on me when I'm doin' up the laces on me joggers."
"And sitting on the mall bench seat with no pants in that skirt up around the tops of your thighs deliberately positioning yourself opposite two men of the cloth?" he questions with raised eyebrows.
"Well if they were that religious or churchy they shouldn't have been sittin' there for so long checkin' me out before one of them goes and reports me to the mall manager. I get kicked out and they lapped it up for must be 15 minutes first. Typical men. Bet they wanked off over seeing me though."
Dr Dalliance can see she's gone out of her way to be a prick teaser and seems to enjoy showing off her young nubile body, especially to older men or against men in some kind of authority to challenge their morals. The report list of incidents table 25 individual situations it states these are only the ones her parents were told about.
"Look Sally the list of things here about your behaviour is so long I could be here all day discussing them and asking you why but this one here is rather unusual and I'd like you to explain why you did it," he says as feel his balls aching unable to avoid her provocative appearance in the armchair opposite him.
"What's up doc? Dr Elmer Fudd? Found somethin' really hot that I did somewhere that turns you on?"
"As a matter of fact yes, but being a male I suppose I could say that about just about everything in this report, but two incidents here where you've been put off public transport for unseemly behaviour. This one for example, getting on a heavily crowded bus in that ridiculously short micro mini skirt and hanging on to the passenger overhead grip handle making your skirt even go shorter and facing a senior citizen long enough to entice him to tough you in a certain place thinking because the bus was so packed no one would eventually notice?"
"Yeah, that one, well he looked liked he'd never had any fun in life for a real long time that's why I gave him a cheap thrill. Probably put another ten years on his life the way he looked up at me lookin' real happy as if to say I've made his day. Yeah, we both got kicked off the bus when someone told the driver so for gettin' the old geezer into so much trouble I let him sit next to me in the bus shelter on the side of the main road there to show him my tits and let him finish what he started on the bus. It's fun with a complete stranger that doesn't expect it to come their way.
Cars were going past and no one even noticed, it was hilarious havin' an old prick like him havin' sex with me basically on the main road and no one noticed. Doin' things in public is a double dare and more exciting."
"You're just lucky young lady that a patrol car didn't come along or he'd be in big trouble all because of you," he lectures.
Sally shrugs her shoulders. "So what if it was bit extravagant, nothin' happened, I had some fun turnin' someone on and he sure enjoyed a rare opportunity. He said he couldn't thank me enough for makin' his life worth livin' again. He looked pretty miserable until then and I wondered how many poor other old buggers were out there like him miserable 'cause they can't get any sex."
"Sally you can't go around trying to fix up older men just because you think they're missing out. How do you know they don't get it somewhere else so you've got to stop this sluttish behaviour? Now this other episode going to the store and getting that man sacked because of your licentious behaviour in the change cubicle could have been avoided if you had not asked him specifically to go behind the closed door with you while you tried on three separate negligees for his opinion what looked best on you.
"It says here the man, who got sacked thanks to you, was asked to stay with you while you took everything off so you were naked and then tried on different items to get his male opinion because you were buying something to please your father and since he had a daughter he'd know what was the one to buy. And it says further he admits he got carried away at the sight and size of your bare breasts and equally bare pubes that you encouraged him to feel them and kneel down in front of you and I need not say what he was doing to you while you were leaning back in the corner.
"Sally this is incredible stuff, that poor man you didn't give him any chance, a man doesn't need that sort of come on from a young woman of your age. What on earth got into you?"
"His fingers and his tongue," she laughs.
While the very thought of her actions excites him and she knows that by the giveaway bulge in his white casuals, he tries to get reason out of her but she argues back trying to justify her wayward ways.
"I only said in the store does he have a daughter my age and he said as a matter of fact he did so I said when I asked him to come into the change room I wanted his opinion as a father as to what kind of sleepwear would turn my daddy on most. So when he came in I asked him not to go out because someone else will get him to serve them and I'd just be sittin' there waitin' like. That's when he got real turned on realisin' I wasn't kidding about taking all me gear off while he watched me tryin' things on. I get a real kick out of turnin' a man on and this was really good 'cause it lasted half an hour.
"You should have seen his eyes when I took my clothes off and stood there askin' would a figure like mine make a man want me. I can't remember what he said but he just put his hands around my tits squeezing them and ended up making my nipples get big. Then he got down below sayin' he wants to compare me with his daughter so I asked him when he was so turned if he ever does this to his little lovely at home and he admitted it. See Mister Do-gooder it's not just sexy birds like me wantin' it there's lots of fathers gettin' it and you can't blame me for that."
Dr Dalliance feels justified in holding on to a raging horn as he reads the completion of the report. "Well you should have stopped while the going was good Sally because another staff member reported something going on when the man was in there for a long while and while you were moaning and enjoying his tongue your sounds were noticed outside. I just hope that man got a job somewhere else if he's got a family to support."
"Not my problem," she shrugs off.
"Sally, this conversation, the way you are speaking and your apparent obsession with things sexual is part of your problem," he bounces back trying to hide his delight she's a slutty 18 year-old's easy to tempt but he must at least earn his fee. "There is more to life than sex, haven't you ever considered what you'd like to do to earn a living."
"Yeah, already thought about that. Never was much good at school and I didn't last long at the local library. They told me to get dressed properly and I refused sayin' the men there liked me stretchin' up to put books back on the higher shelves in my micro mini. I said I'm good for their business.
I know guys like looking at me body so if I can get on to someone who can help me set up me own webcam on the internet I can just lie back and let the dick heads pay to see me play with myself. Some of the girls at senior high were talkin' about how easy it is to make money when they get out of school so it's not just me."
How enterprising for her age he thinks, noting her speech style is slack so he turns on her like a scolding father. "Sally for someone your age that's a disgusting way to start earning a living. That's for women in their 20s or 30s and you're not out of your teens just yet."
"So what?" she protests. "Men like to perv on younger bodies, I can see you haven't stopped gawking up my skirt."
"I am not gawking, I am simply studying your body language. It's part of what I have to do in this job."
"Yeah I know your type, Mr Nice Guy makin' out you're not perving and it's all in the name of science or research or somethin' so you get away with it.
"I'm ignoring that Sally, you are not here to judge me but to let me help you sort out your attitude. Don't you think you should try to establish yourself with a decent job and not think about making money on the internet?"
"Doing what?" she retorts. "Besides I don't need a diploma on the internet, just a pretty face, nice tits and a sexy pussy and I sure got all that. Look I've got 36-20-33 inch measurements Mr Hypnotist, it's not exactly kindergarten! If you saw me on the net would I turn you on, I'm pretty enough?"
"Okay I'll admit your breasts are beautiful inside that flimsy little shirt you've got on and yes you'd be a big hit on the net but isn't it a poor reflection of your approach to social conduct?
She leans back laughing. "Oh my gawd, Mr Moraliser himself. Bet you whack off checking the chicks out on the internet so don't preach to me. All men are the same, see an inch want a foot, give them a bite and they want a feast.
"Mister doc are you going to feel me all over like other doctors?"
"Look I'm not going to discuss what other doctors do I'm trying to have a sensible discussion if I'm going to help you," he says. He heads back to his bar and it occurs to him if he offers her a glass of wine she may accept it and not be as obnoxious, and with luck he can find the real root cause of her attitude problem.
"Sally would you care for a glass of chardonnay, it might help you relax a little," he asks.
"Huh, never thought you'd ask."
"Actually I shouldn't be encouraging you to drink but I think this is an occasion where for medicinal purposes it will help you come down to earth a bit and be more rational," he admits while he pours it into a tall fluted glass and hands it to her. He'll never forget how such a ploy worked magnificently on the neighbour's 18 year-old cheer girl Sheena just a week ago when she ended up taking everything coming to her.(Chapter 9 and 10)
Sally sips her wine several times in quick succession and asks him to top it up. He obliges as she tries to ask him something but calls him Dr Doolittle.
"it's doctor Dalliance not Doolittle thank you. Now what were you going to ask?"
"I was goin' to ask if you heard that girls can start developin' before the age of eight, you know, their breasts and that."
"Yes as a matter of a fact, I do and in these more pressured times we find kids reaching puberty much younger than 20 or 30 years ago." Her question makes him come to his senses about her unusual behaviour. "Now I'm going to ask you a question in a minute for a good reason because I think the answer will be linked to your recent sluttish behaviour. Do you want me to continue?"
"Only if you give me another glass of wine then." He tops up her glass. "Come on over here and sit down and I'm going to get to the bottom of your problem."
She gets back in her chair and deliberately drapes her left leg over the arm of the executive chair and leans back, glass in hand, smiling rather smugly. Her micro mini is squeezed back to the top of her narrow black lace thong. "I thought I'd better let you have a better look, you keep lookin' down between my legs," she says.
"Yes, it's a very nice view, you have lovely legs and while you have beautiful tight curly black hair down to your shoulders you don't have any curly hair at all down there and by the way, your thong is wrong if you think it's covering you fully.
"Oh, that happens sometimes, "she says as she glances down to see part of her outer labia exposed on each side of the enticing piece of underwear. She doesn't try to adjust it as he continues looking. "I don't have ANY hair there at all mister, do you wanna real look?"
"Sally not at this moment thanks just the same; I've got a job to do here (he sure has -- two of them in fact but only one is ethical) I'm going to tell you something and let me know if you agree with me. I'm concerned to at the way you are talking, cutting off your words talking sluttish so if I continue I wish you'd try to speak like you've actually been educated somewhere."
"Shoot doc, I'm all ears, so far you haven't made much sense except for the wine."
"Okay then, tell me if I'm right, you reached puberty ahead of time in what is known as precocious puberty - advanced sexually in development but no different in the mind?
She sits up and crosses her legs and for the first time sullied Sally is sensible. "How did you know that about me bein' like that?
"Just a guess but a good one wasn't it?"
"Yeah I started sprouting when I was seven and things took off after that. I'll have you know my tits like they are now were almost this big at 13, but I lost count of the number of medical type people doing things checkin' me out for adult responses, you know the kind I bet."
"Look Sally, I can sympathise with what you must have gone through and lots of people around the world for good intentions or otherwise see your kinds of early development as a chance to do research on things like arousal so they can put it into medical literature. Believe me you are not on your own but lots of very early risers like you end up thinking sex is blasé because they've been exposed to it at far too early an age before their mental maturity catches up with physical development. It's a genuine phenomenon.
"Well, you didn't know any better,in fact a Peruvian girl Lina Medina just five years and seven months old became the youngest person to give birth to a fully formed and healthy baby. Now that happened on May 14, 1939, and ironically that day on the calendar then was Mother's Day in Peru too. She's still the world's youngest to give birth."
"I don't believe you, you're makin' this up tryin' to make out you're smarter than me," she replies looking at him suspiciously. "Okay then," he answers, "if you don't believe me come over to my computer here and we'll do a Google search on the name Lina Medina here and see what we find."
She leans over beside him always fascinated by what the internet throws up, especially about her favourite subject sex. "There! Look at this," he exclaims pointing to the search result showing a picture of the girl and her doctor.
"Oh gawd, look at that, and she's just five somethin' then. Shit! That's incredible. Is she still alive?"
"Yes, she's in her 70s and to this day the authorities never found out who impregnated her.
"Well doc I sure got through those times no problem and look at me now, not bad eh?"
"Look Sally I'm not suggesting you are a sick person by any means. The example of Lina Medina that shocked the whole medical world was extremely freakish but around the world we see continuing cases of precocious puberty except that medical science today is much more advanced to bring balance back into the lives of such cases.
"Sally what I'm suggesting is that there's a connection between your habits being rude, dressing very sexily the way you do and being an exhibitionist. Now are you going to listen to me flopping back the chair anything but ladylike"
"Go on, I'm still listening," she says trying to disrupt his attention by undoing the knot tied in her shirt where it sits just below her breasts and drawing a circle around her exposed navel. She knows he's stiff as a board inside those white casuals he's wearing.
"This is a serious discussion Sally I think your whole attitude today and your past behaviour is connected to the fact you reached puberty so very early in life and it's made you aware of your sexuality physically well in advance of your mind's maturity to deal with it."
"So what?" she says. "I'm 18 now and I can do what I likeI didn't get into any trouble. Look I've grown real good and I never did get pregnant with any of them."
"Ah! That's what I'm talking about. You know, you're a very lucky young lady."
"Well I was lucky so can we get on with it? I don't need to hear this crap."
"Are you going to listen to me?"
"Anymore wine?" she asks.
"Yes I have another bottle and I'll crack it when tell me you're prepared to let me put you under hypnosis so I can correct the imbalance in your mind that's making you act so rudel and so overtly sexual It's just not lady-like."
"All right doctor hypnotist, give me another glass and I'll play ball. He he, I might even play with two of them if you want"
He goes to the bar turning around to address her. "That's the kind of talk you've got to cut out if you ever want to be respected. Being pretty is fine, being glamorous is fine, being sexy is fine, being desired by men is fine but being respected is more important if you want to get ahead in life my dear girl."
He pours her another glass and she's into it in a flash, yes another flash to show her immediate appreciation. He wants to get her clothes off and somehow knock this attitude out of her by knocking her off and he wonders if he even has to bother putting her under hypnosis. He decides it's safer.
The wine is making her come off her high horse and talk rationally. "You know doctor, no one has ever asked me this; they just say how quick I grew up and my folks sent me off for all these tests. Mom took me to one doctor who took me into an examination room while mom waited outside and he got me to undress and laid me on my back while he had his stopwatch and recorder out timing how long I took to reach different kinds of orgasms. Oh sure, he got all the evidence he needed on tape but my moans were so loud mom burst in and told him that's enough and she never took me back there. More wine," she asks handing him another empty glass.
"She's knocking them down pretty quick but at least it's helping her undo the knot in her mind as well the one keeping her shirt together and now it's undone and she opens the shirt to show him proudly her stunning breasts.
"This is why they all liked checkin' me out." she boasts. "Oh apart from all of me," she giggles.
"God that's one shit hot set of tits," he can't help muttering out loud looking at the wide areolas and thick nipples that reach out at the end of her pointed jugs. She grins. "That's what they all say when they see them," she says pouting her lips.
Dr Dalliance is impressed. She's opening up, but not as much as she's going to in another way once he hypnotises her. "Sally I'm very impressed with you so let's move on a bit. You are sitting here showing me your breasts, so why?"
"Silly man because I like to see a man perving on me. "You like 'em don't you doc? Would you like to feel them? Are you scared of me?"
"Look Sally, don't be ridiculous, I've got a professional reputation to uphold and I can only touch my female patients if it's in the line of duty and connected to helping them such in problems of sexual frustration. A lot of women come to people like me to sort out such problems."
"Oh I'm very frustrated doctor, you can help me if you can, you can't have your female patients leavin' your rooms frustrated with you," she laughs. They should go home satisfied, isn't that right?"
She squeezes her breasts together again and remonstrates that she's not really sexually frustrated but but then she's not sure so maybe he could make sure.
He tops up her wine glass for the last time and tosses the empty chardonnay bottle in the bin. "Okay he says, I'll put you under hypnosis and try to convert your thinking into something more responsible so that when you leave here and go home your folks will see a dramatic difference in your behaviour. I think they deserve that and of course you will feel very satisfied I couyld make you come good."
She almost gulps down the wine and puts her proposition. "All right doc, but so far it's been all one-way traffic, you've been perving on me this past hour so I'll agree to lie down and let you do this medical hypnosis thing on me but only on one condition. You gotta get out of your pants and let me see the size of your dick."
"Now that's a tall order coming from a patient, especially someone your age but I'll do it only if you agree to get out of your clothes so I can admire your figure while I talk to you when you're under hypnosis."
"That's a deal, but how do I know this hypnotic thing won't hurt me? she says. "I went through some of that kind of thing being hypnotised at those clinics before and I felt sore for a week."
"Let me assure you Sally no harm will come to you. You will not feel a thing and yet you will, but when you wake up you will feel very refreshed like you are floating on a cloud and at peace with the world. You will be serenely relaxed."
"Like after I have an orgasm you mean?"
"Arr, well I suppose you could compare being relaxed in the mind in what I do with the afterglow of orgasm, yes, but of course I won't be touching you for ethical reasons (only for unethical reasons he's thinking) looking at you is enough and I have your permission to do that."
Sally puts her hand over the bulge in his casuals just as he's about to take them off to appease her. She slides the palm of her hand over it back and forth a few times and squeezes it, looking at him with a grin.
"Her mister doc, that's one helluva cock, this should be interesting." He drops his pants and underdaks and his erect bounces up before her eager eyes. "Now that's what I call a dangerous dick. Mmmm, looks long and strong. You must make your lady friends and your lady patients happy with that."
"Before you ask it's eight and a fraction and six inches in girth. Nice and thick, eh?"
"Yes doc, pity you don't intend putting it in me but will do you me a favour, I have fetish for facials so once you've finished talking your mumbo jumbo to me do me a favour and jerk off in my face then wake me up so I can see it in the mirror. That really turns me on, especially if you get some around my mouth so I can lick some up."
"My, you are a hot little number aren't you?" he says.
"Comes with learning doc now will you or won't you?"
"Okay but only because you insist. Now get those clothes off young lady and get your arse on the side of the bed -- just sit there and I'll sit beside you for my sermon. Sally strips and he takes a deep breath and gives her an uncharacteristic wolf whistle."
"Not you too" she quips. "Must be a lot of frustrated men working with patient care, I've had so many wolf whistles it ain't funny."
"Sally your tits, your whole body is dynamite. You should be proud of how you've kept it so tight and firm. Anyway sit still and look straight ahead while I let this timepiece swing back and forwards, back and forwards, back and forwards, backwards and forwards as you start to feel yourself relaxing, and hearing only my voice and after a while you will feel so tired you will close your eyes and fall into deep sleep and you will hear only my voice and you will do as I say and tell me things that makes you feel the way you do and when I snap my fingers you will wake up and you will not remember anything but you will feel wonderfully refreshed. Dr Dalliance recites his calming spiel over and over and over and over and over until Sally's head drops and she's all but snoring.
He lays her back on the bed and spreads her shapely legs. He takes some pictures of her for his collection and puts the video camera into position to record the session -- for 'medical purposes' but it's one report the patient won't see.
"Sally, it's your doctor, you like kissing me don't you," he commences to test the water. "Your lips are very luscious show me how you do your French kiss," he says quietly while he lies beside her with full erection and puts his mouth to hers. Dr Dalliance is delighted. A horny young wench happy to wrap her sexy long legs around him and get into a bout of long passionate tongue kissing. What luck! She's so good at it that just the kissing almost makes him come and he struggles to contain himself. He's never been so erotically close with someone like her except in his fantasies.
"God your lips are hot," he gasps between breaths, their legs across each other and her breasts pressing into his upper chest, his penis pointing 'this way'. "Mmmmmmm" she answers, her sexy tongue slipping and sliding about tantalisingly and in between being tongue tied, she tightens the grip of her naked thighs around him and presses their mouths together like a scene from a hot Hollywood R-rated bedtime movie.
Her hand goes to his pillar-like penis, hard and hot, running her encircled hand up and down the eight inch+ shaft just as his hand reaches her clitoris and strokes it fiendishly. She moans, "Doc your cock's so big I can't wait to have it inside me again like last time, you know I want it. Put your fingers in me now," she says, relaxing her thighs from around him so he can get into her sweet spot without being cramped.
He doesn't have to be asked twice and as their mouths engage in a long drawn-out pash, the angle of her hips is just right for him to get three fingers into the engorged spongy tissue under her clitoris to hit the g-spot while she's sucking the sex organ in his mouth the way she sucks the big ones men carry below. But no sooner does he start to stimulate the upper part of her vagina about two inches inside she pulls her mouth away from him and wails loudly "oooohhh fuuuuck" so he keeps going while she's writhing around.
"You like it like this don't you sexy Sally," he whispers in her ear.
"Yes yes," she moans. He swings her about for a 69 pursuit and his hot patient dives for his cock and gets her hips into position so he can muff dive her to his heart's content. No one's told Dr Dalliance to keep his chin up, he's doing just fine with his chin right where it needs to be gorging on this hot spunk that's been giving so many people a hard time for years but he's right into her soft spot now and the only lip the ex cheeky so and so smarty pants is giving him now is the inner lips of her pussy. True to her word, it's as smooth as a baby's bum.
Her clit's engorged and gloriously easy to suck on,drawing it up in his mouth and sucking so hard he's proud of his technique.The horny hypnotherapist is entranced by her moans and he's rapt that her clitoris bud is so well developed it's much easier for him to nibble on and grab between his lips for a long sucking session.
His face is wet but not as much as she is inside and for the past 10 minutes she's gobbled and gagged on his manhood until she's nearly blue in the face from trying to swallow more than she can chew while his balls are aching to pump new life into her. "Sally I want to fuck that sexy little cunt of yours do you want it now?"
"Please please," she moans. "
"That's good, how do you want it?"
"Doggie first, then on my side and then me on top and.."
"Hang on, you want a smorgasbord, not just one platter for your puss."
"About five or six ways, I like your kind of variety doc. Have you forgotten what I like?" she responds getting herself into position for him to enter from behind. She's on her knees, hands flat on the bed and he steers it into her with ease. "Hey it's pretty tight there I can feel those vagina muscles working away, are you enjoying this?" She doesn't answer, she just grunts and moans as he alternates his thrusting actions in short and longer strokes and different directions so his thick rod can't miss rubbing against the sensitive walls of her vagina.
He's pumping her rhythmically, slowly at first, and alternating his stokes to send her balmy. Sally savours the rapid short teasing jabs and she can feel the thick girth of his manhood pleasuring the sensitive front end walls of her honey pot and when he leans into her youthful back end, pushing his weapon all the way with manly force she feels the wonderful fullness of it driving deep inside past her cervix so that his balls are banging against her butt each time he thrusts and gets an extra loud squeal from her.
Sally's singing harder! harder! harder! so he grabs her by her hips and works it like a pile driver, squeezing her labia out very wide to replicate maybe some of her earlier experiences. "Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! she choruses, her head leaning on the bed sheets.
"You like being fucked don't you Sally?" he shouts at her while she's doing more huffing and puffing than he is. "This why you like to be a prick teaser so you end up getting it?"
"Yeees mister,"she wails, "Yeeees!"
"Where do you like it Sally, where do you want it," he booms.
"In my cunt, in my cunt, right there. Like that, oh yeeees!" she wails. He figures he's put up with her cheek long enough to deserve enjoying feeling her tight vagina giving his thrusting phallus the right end to a good day's work.
He eagerly grabs her upper side bouncing breast and fondles her already thick and erect nipple as she lies on her side moaning in glorious harmony with his phallus forcing the pace up another notch as he bring her closer to her first orgasm.
"Oh fuck me! Fuck me!" she shouts in an accelerated tempo, her breathing shorter, sharper and more urgent. Beads of perspiration are forming on his forehead as he expels sexual energy in copious quantities with the brainstorming realisation of how it must have been for her in other times.
Sally's panting loudly, her head buried into the sheets and she sings out 'I'm gonna come! I'm gonna come!" Hearing her and feeling her vaginal muscles tighten hard on his penis as her pelvic contractions kick in; he pushes harder to keep the momentum up against the resistance of her autonomic response to the release of extreme sexual tension.
Her orgasm is a good one but only lasts a short time but he knows having one so early she'll have more. He rolls on his back and takes a well earned breather from doing all the work, perspiration running down his chest and forehead as she climbs aboard the rocket-like phallus in a new position. If variety's the spice of life Sally sold on the idea. He watches as he sees her eager pristine looking vulva hover over his erection briefly, then she lowers herself on to it, her breathing not fully recovered from her first orgasm but eager for more.
"Mister I can feel it, your eight inches up me. I can feel it like it was way up my belly somewhere." She starts to thrust backwards and forwards with the rhythm of a female with a fetish for feeling filthy on a man earning every one of his much 43 years' experience in the good life.For him it's a truly remarkable sight, she's young, she's tight, she's sexy and she's wanting it, writhing this way and that on his hardness and occasionally bouncing up and down, her hands on his chest and then on the bed behind his head as she leans over for different angles as he thrusts it into her rapidly. She moans loudly and he knows it's getting to her.
Sally keeps this up for nearly ten minutes but she's impatient for a switch from him facing her so she turns about to plonk her pussy back on his upright bolt without hardly missing a beat, facing away from him her hands leaning back on his chest as her vulva engulfs his manhood and she uses leverage of her legs to grind up and down savagely on his shaft. He can tell by her precision switching that she's done this before and the sight of his thick rod thumping into her from his rearward vision, her shoulder length black curly hair bouncing about is super sexy. She's a hot fuck all right.
Sally's sounds are sending Dr Dalliance dizzy but he knows how to hold back from coming; he grabs her and pulls her backwards so her shoulders are lying flat against his chest while he grabs her behind the knees and spreads her legs so he can thrust into her twice as fast. She shrieks with pleasure at his change of direction, singing out "Oh ya! Oh ya! Oh ya! Oh ya! Loud and long, throwing her head about, bushy hair bouncing around her shoulders and there's a savage look in her expression, grimacing but not from pain.
"Fuck ya! Fu ck ya! Fuck ya!" she shouts and he feels her pelvic muscles contracting sharply again, his cock temporarily squeezed like it's been grabbed by an overzealous grizzly bear in a real bear hug except this is a beaver hug. Her orgasm rushes through her senses almost as quickly as it arrives, for a moment she goes glassy-eyed and oblivious to anything yet he keeps thrusting and she keeps moaning loudly.
"On your back Sally; one more before I come in your face," he orders. She looks at him still glassy-eyed from the orgasm but shaking her head for an urgent yes signal. He's worked it out it's the sixth different position that he's put it into her since they started fucking around just over 30 minutes ago and while it's not the longest session for lovers by any means it's been frantic, perspiration running off him.
Sally's not just wet inside, she's wet outside too, her skin glistening from beads of perspiration and her face, neck and chest is showing a distinct sexual flush and he can be sure of a big climax as he lays her back in the missionary position -- this is one the missionaries missed out on - one leg out and one leg up to his shoulder drilling into her like a man possessed. He's got her where he wants her, flat on her back, tongue hanging out her mouth, breasts heaving back and forth to the beat of his pelvic thrusts and totally at his fucking mercy.
He's really laying into her and the English language she's using isn't what they taught her in school either -- readers hope not - -- "fuck me fuck me fuck me" - as he bears down on her, her head bouncing up and down as he leans over and grabs her around the thigh of her leg he's got resting on his shoulder. He suddenly stops thrusting for a moment to make her think he's stopped and then starts jabbing it in full bore to the hilt and holding it tight against her cervix making her let out a very loud grunt that sounds like it's from the bottom of her belly or that she's pushing something uphill.
Forty three minutes after he's penetrated her the 43 year-old deviate so-called doctor has almost done his dash. He wants to come on her face and see her lick it up rather than risking it inside and Sally's sending out all the signals she's about to come again; he hopes it happens because he can't hold back much longer and what a waste if he pulls out and it goes anywhere but where he wants it to go.
Her tongue's darting backwards and forwards out of her mouth like a lizard on a hot day and she's groaning as well as moaning. He likes her sounds and he's glad he's recording the session, sound and all.
"Ooooarrr! Ooooaaar! Oooooarrr!" she shouts in almost non-stop succession, gulping in deep mouthfuls of oxygen and wheezing as she tries to keep pace with the fever pitch sensations as he works her g-spot and thrusting the thick phallus down over her cervix with expert aim sending her bonkers. Sally's breathing is sharp and shattered and without cohesion, her words bounce out of her mouth and her expression resembles that of a wild jungle woman.
"Ff...ff...f..fuck ya! F..ff...fuck ya.. c..c cock! Fuck m..m.m....mister!"she screams out,her shock of woolly black tight curly hair bouncing about around her shoulders, wheezing, panting, baring her teeth like an angry dog as the pelvic region contractions hit her hard and fast, and he feels them too, almost as if they can crush his cock they're so powerful.
Her emotions are overflowing, eyes squinting and teeth gritted she looks at him and emits a frighteningly loud grrrrrrrrrrrr! that sounds more like an animal than a chick of her age and description. He lets her ride the torment of unbridled euphoria, the kind of passion you can never capture in a bottle to use again and marvels at the way this orgasm has gripped her so solidly. He slows down his thrusts in tempo with her slowly descending waves of nervous tension release.
He can't hold it any longer and a fantastic 45 minutes after he put it in he's pulling it out just in time to get his knees either side of her perspiring breasts , aim at her open mouth and lets go. His orgasm, like all men, isn't as long or riveting as the female's full blown vaginal orgasm but the sensation is similarly sweet and wonderful making him groan several times as he comes in her face.
Just as he did with the neighbour's 18 year-old ponytail cheer leader under hypnosis he overshoots her mouth and the first spurt lands partly in Sally's hair and her forehead but the next three spurts jettison all around her mouth half open moaning still to his delight and his great relief. He rubs the shaft quickly to make sure she's got the lot.
He straddles her, groaning as the last drops fall on to her neck. Then he snaps his fingers to wake her up. Her eyes are suddenly blinking and the first thing she sees is his erection hovering over her face. Her hand goes to her face and she feels his cum and sucks a finger dripping with sperm.
"You did it!" she exclaims somewhat excitedly. "You fucked me, I thought I was dreaming when you hypnotised me but it was real after all. Look at my pussy lips, oh my gawd...look how wide they are. You dirty old man! You filthy old fucker! I loved it!
"Yes I noticed you enjoyed it and I gave you what you wanted, a nice messy facial. Of course I only fucked you so it would make me come for your benefit, not for mine. But now it's all over your face you'll have to get busy and clean it up you can't waste that sort of stuff. And you know Sally I only did all this to help you, it had nothing to do with me pleasing myself but a patient's needs come first and you come first."
Nothing is said by either except her soft moans as her fingers push whatever she can find and push it between her lips, savouring it with the tip of her tongue. She takes his erect rod in one hand and treats it like a lollipop licking around the top at all angles to savour the sperm her tongue can drag off it and then almost deep throating him to suck off remaining residue before getting her face under his scrotum to lick his tight balls. His orgasm came and went faster than hers but she's giving him the benefit of a very sexy afterglow making him groan in renewed pleasure the moment her mouth touches his cock.
Sally runs her hands over his entire cock and balls pleased his erection hasn't yet subsided so she can feel once more the length and thickness of what was inside her for the past three quarters of an hour.
"So you thought you were dreaming eh? Well for someone dreaming about it you sure put on a good show for me. It gives me a better insight now how you handle things."
"Well doctor t was fucking incredible," she replies. "You did it like a professional."
"I told you before I'm a professional," he smiles back. "So I really got you going eh?"
"Mister if you ever had an orgasm like the one I had you're lucky to get your breath at all let alone say much. I was wheezing wasn't I, or was I just dreaming that too?
He notices that her demeanour is suddenly different and she's enunciating her words properly."Yes Sally you were wheezing all right, not all the time; just near the end when you got more frantic and were taking really fast breaths of air. Was it that exhausting?"
"It sure can be. I've never felt so hot and passionate for, well for now."
"Well Sally eighteen is still young but maybe now not so foolish. You'll get more of those as you get older and more mature."
"Gee I hope so," she says grinning. "Look at us, we're both wet from that bit of exercise we'll have to take a shower"
"Now that would be delightful, come on, please be my guest. I've never had a shower with a patient before."
"Great! Let's go," she says. "And I promise not to let you down so when I get home I'm going to tell the folks how you fucked me so hard you knocked sense into me."
"Geesuz Sally don't tell them that, I'll be shot."
She laughs and tugs his sagging cock as they get into the shower together. "I was joking you silly old man. I wouldn't spoil a good thing now would I? You were so good in there I might need to come back another time so you can make sure I've reformed my ways, you know, check me out around the place to see what people think of the new me."
"Would you really come back?"
"Would you have some wine in the fridge?"
"Would I ever!"
NEXT CHAPTER in about 10 days gets back to tiny Alice, 21, fronting up in an out of court fantasy for the local court's Judge Jurie who's got a secret fetish for buds more than big boobs in this Companion's Corner adult fantasy modelling assignment of the kind that brings out the artistry of Alice's erotic acting. BeamMeUp apologises for not running this story at the end of this chapter as intended but Dr Dalliance got carried away and couldn't help himself hogging the space slot. You can't blame him though when someone like Sally saunters in to get fixed up.