"Let the journey and adventures begin," Carson smiled to himself as he wheeled up to the suntan shop in the strip mall to pick up Sensia. They were in town taking a much needed break and relaxation from the daily struggle of the Institute and as an entertaining twist Sensia was getting the whole body tan and her hair trimmed before they went to play for the evening. Carson laughed to himself realizing the delightful time in store with his awesome Ms S all decked out.
To his delight, once past the difficult initial challenges, she actually reveled in the play, loved to be treated as a sexy hot-wife, thought it was fun to tease and then spread wide, letting the silly man explore the possibilities of his wild MILF. She especially enjoyed the game since the discovery of their new play-thing buddy Carlos, and then that adventure with Ed in Spokane. Wow!
"Well, I suppose I could go on over and check out the casino to see what's happening there...," Carson thought as he wheeled around the parking lot and headed to the nearby bar since he was half an hour early.
Carson wandered into Katies Corner Bar, checked the crowd near the front door, and then headed on back toward the casino. "Interesting," he thought, "it's mid-afternoon, and the place is full of guys - workers in catching a burger, grabbing a beer, or stopping off to play some machine poker. Hmmm, I wonder..." he smiled to himself thinking of his hot-wife Ms S getting all hottied-up and sounding like she was up for some play for the day ....
In light of Carson's newfound grasp of life and the Tao, the adventure took many turns for the dynamic duo of Carson and the delightful Ms S. They embarked upon a journey on the pathway to immortality, exploring possibilities for powering up the Qi -- the energy animating our physical bodies and keeping us alive, a Taoist building-block of existence.
Back in the casino area Carson was intrigued. Those trucks parked in the lot had drivers in here, passing time waiting for a load transfer or a meeting or something. "Interesting," he thought, stepping up to a vacant poker machine next to a young fellow. Throwing his dollar into the machine, Carson kicked off his game, tagging a row of numbers to try his luck.
"Ah geez..." the guy next to him muttered, glancing at the numbers Carson had chosen. "You know the machine never hits the numbers right next to each other," he pointed out all the while concentrating on his own screen.
Carson laughed, commenting he was hardly a seasoned keno player, just hanging out waiting for his girl to show up.
"Ahhhh," the fellow replied, "one of the lucky ones, eh? These poker machines are nothing like the poke-her machine you're meeting, huh?" he added, laughing. "I'm Antonio, by the way, Antonio from Taos...," he went on, offering Carson his hand for a shake.
"Hey, great to meet you Antonio!" Carson answered shaking his hand, also laughing. "No kidding...., the little poke-her machine meeting me here -- funny - and she is a lot more fun than these poker machines ... multiple slots, great payout, requires a bit more than a dollar to play!" he chuckled. "So you're from Taos? How is it you're hanging out here playing a keno machine in Missoula, Montana on a Friday afternoon?"
"Ahhhh, I'm meeting up with a guy from Butte around 4:00, dropping off a load and picking up another one to haul on down to Texas later today." He gestured around at the other guys hanging out at the casino, "we all head on through to somewhere else, but you have to wait for the connections to come together..., kind of like you only not half as much fun..." he laughed again.
Carson studied this guy Antonio for a bit as they both continued to play. He was a nice enough clean cut younger fellow, no rough construction guy at all. Seemed to be a decent guy, clean clothes, a little bit on the handsome side Carson supposed, and plenty pleasant enough to hang out with and visit. "I spoze you run into little gals all over the place?" Carson joked with him, "keeping your poker machine well worked from one end of the country to the other," he added.
"Oh hell," Antonio answered, "when I first started hauling for these companies that was the game to play..., lot's of poon tang all over the place. But, you know..., being 10 years into this and going on 40, I've got a hot little girl friend back home in Taos, and really haven't been on the prowl like I used to be 6 or so years ago. You know, with all the social diseases and all..., I just don't want to take the chance. I admit though ... it's been a good 2 weeks since I got my rocks off with little Roxi back home. To think you've got a little nookie coming your way in a bit ... umm... that does stir in the loins. Oh it does!" Antonio laughed.
"Heh, heh, heh...." Carson quietly laughed. "I've gotta go make a call Antonio. Keep an eye on my machine for me okay?" Carson chuckled a bit more, heading for the door.
Once outside, he made a quick call to Ms S. "Hi sweetie! What you doing? Are you on your way yet?"
"Oh yesss..." Ms S eagerly responded. "I'm just finishing up with the tanning now and will be headed your way! Have you been waiting long?" she inquired.
"Welllll..., no, not really," Carson replied. "I think something's come up you just might find interesting sweetness," he continued. "I stopped into the casino across the way here at the mini-mall while I was waiting. There's a guy here you might enjoy meeting ... getting to know if you know what I mean...," he added, laughing, "just seemed to fit just so."
"Ohmygosh!!" Ms S gasped. "You really think...? Is there really, do you think we could..., you thinking something might work out with him... or in!"
Carson chuckled at her excited reply, "Ohhhh cutie! I seriously wondered what your immediate response would be..., NOT! I've been laughing to myself because it all so conveniently fell into place so well. Considering Tim, I really do think you'd like Antonio. He's very congenial, laid back, easy to visit with, a little ruggedly handsome, and told me he really needed a good fuck..., been awhile. He's also a good clean guy, and talks bright enough too. He seemed like the kind of guy that we could have some play fun with, and crank up our Qi and Jing a bit!" he added. "So, sweetie, come on over to the casino when you get done, and you can check this out for yourself. You can see if he's the kind of guy we could have some fun with, a Green Dragon we can tap for a bit of his vital energies. Okay?"
"Ohhhh Carsonnn...," Ms S eagerly responded, "you don't really think we could just pick up a guy like that! Ohhhh wow! That would be so wild! I better warn you ... I'm wearing THE skirt, your favorite, and no panties like you wanted me, and on my way to check out our new friend! Ohhhh my, my, my ... I am getting sooo turned on just thinking about it. He'd better be a really nice guy -- no jerk. He's a Green Dragon you would love to see between my legs? Ohhhhhhmygosh!! I'll be right there!" she eagerly exclaimed, hanging up and getting out the door.
"Heh, heh, ho, my gosh...," Carson chuckled to himself. "This was perfect..." he shook his head quietly laughing to himself. He had been unsure of her response, suspecting she would be excited based on their last foray into this game, he continued chuckling as he strolled back into the casino to get back to his machine next to Antonio.
"Hey there you are man," Antonio greeted him. "Thought maybe you headed out to go play with your hot honey, leaving us lonesome guys hanging out with the poke-her machines... So you got her all squared away?" he laughed and asked.
"Ahhhh geez," Carson responded, "she decided she wanted to meet me here. I told her about my new buddy Antonio, and she really wanted to meet you too! Damn... women..., go figure! I've got this major hardon for that hot little honey pot and she was even meeting me bare bottomed under that hot skirt. Now, she wants to meet me here and have a beer. Makes me ache - drives me nuts! We'll make this visit quick and get along to the main event!" he finished, pretending to carp about his little lady.
A smile lit up Antonio's face. "Are you serious?" he excitedly inquired, "she wants to meet you here, and her with NO panties on! Wow dude! This I've gotta see! Tell you what..., you drop a buck on the floor and let's see if she'll bend over and pick it up...., okay? Huh, okay?" Antonio eagerly suggested.
"Ha, ha, haaaa...." Carson laughed. "Too funny Antonio! What a crack up! You want me to help YOU sneak a peek at my honey's goodies!! Ohhhh mannnnn ... what kind of girl do you think she is! Good grief!!" Carson continued laughing. "Then again ... hmmm ... you know what. She's always kidding around about a sandwich; what fun it would be, a friend of hers was in a sandwich. You know, just girl talk, but you don't just suppose ...," he mused aloud watching Antonio's face as his jaw dropped.
"No shit man ...," Antonio quickly replied, "You know how girls are these days, always looking for something new to turn them on...," he agreed, smiling from ear to ear. "Just maybe..., just maybe we should treat your little honey to a nice hot sausage sandwich! What do you think amigo?? Damn I could sure stand to get a little hot pussy action today!" he added.
"Wait...., Ohhhh, here she comes now bud," Carson suddenly stopped Antonio's chatter. "Now just be cool and we'll see what she's up for..., okay? I won't promise anything, and she sure gets pissed off if we say the wrong thing and offend her, so just chill...." he pointed out.
"Hi sweetie!!" Carson greeted his lover as she walked through the door into the casino. "Wow! You sure look great!! Here love, you can have my stool" he went on, standing up to offer her his seat.
"Well no, here take my stool little lady...," Antonio too greeted her, standing and offering his stool.
"Ohhhh thank you, you're such gentlemen!" Ms S grinned sitting up on Antonio's stool, then sitting back so her skirt hiked way up giving a view up her thighs. While Carson got her a beer, Ms S as she often does, promptly started chatting it up with Antonio, finding out where he was from, what areas he covered, and on and on. That was one thing about Ms S that amazed Carson. She had a way of relaxing and slipping into visit mode that put total strangers at ease.
"Ohhhh wow....," Antonio quietly uttered to Carson as Ms S chatted with the barmaid, "she is awesome, and wants to try a sandwich man ... I think you owe it to her. I think we better get to my motel," he quietly urged Carson.
"Sooooo Ms S..." Antonio casually asked, "What were your plans for the rest of the day now that you've gotten all beautiful?"
"Ohhhh heh, heh....," Ms S answered very quietly so only Antonio could hear. "Your buddy Carson, was going to take me somewhere and fuck me absolutely silly for the rest of the day!! I've got openings to fill cowboy!" she casually pointed out delighting in watching Antonio's jaw drop to the floor.
Carson laughed in complete delight, "Ohhh sweetie, so full of surprises!" he chortled in amusement. "You know what lover," he added, now sliding his hand up the inside of her bare thigh in the dimly lit casino, "my buddy Antonio has been weeks without nooky. Should we invite him to join us for our little party? We could head over to his room at the Red Lion and party there. This might be a great time to try that sandwich action we always talk about."
"Oh my god!" Ms S gasped, turning to Antonio. "What do you think big guy? Would you like to come along and take turns!" she laughed and prodded him. "That would be perfect," she quietly purred putting her hand on Antonio's arm encouraging him to come along.
Carson just laughed to himself as he and Ms S led their newfound "friend" from the casino to the car. "To perfect!" he chuckled to himself as they piled into their cars to head for Antonio's motel.
***************
(XLII, Lao Tzu)
The way begets one; one begets two; two begets three; three begets the myriad creatures.
The myriad creatures carry on their backs the yin and embrace in their arms the yang, and are the blending of the generative forces of the two.
There are no words which men detest more than 'solitary', 'desolate', and 'hapless', yet lords and princes use these to refer to themselves.
Thus a thing is sometimes added to by being diminished and diminished by being added to.
What others teach I also teach. 'The violent will not come to a natural end.' I shall take this as my precept.
***************
They followed Antonio, hurrying through the backstreets to the motel. Antonio's key let them in a door at the end of the building and the three of them raced down the hall and up the stairs to the room. Once inside, Ms S and Carson threw themselves into each other's arms in a long, delicious hug and kiss.
"Hi babe!" Ms S exclaimed savoring the feel of Carson's arms around her, his lips pressed against hers in an embrace of heightened arousal at the exciting erotic scene unfolding. "Ohhhh sweetie, it's so delicious to be held by you, to feel your kisses!" Ms S went on as she kissed him, rubbing her heaving breasts against his body, smiling the naughtiest smile as Carson's hands on her ass pulled her skirt up, up, and up for the eager searching eyes...., of their new playmate behind her.
"Ohhhh...." she gasped as this new friends hands, his fingers, ever so eagerly worked up the backs of her thighs. Up his hands and fingers explored her bare thighs until he was cupping and fondling her bare ass cheeks. Antonio was squeezing, fondling, and then parting her thighs slightly to explore that cleft between her them. She moved her legs apart encouraging Antonio's access to the space between them, and "Ohhh lover...." she gasped again. The strangers fingers touched her hot cunny lips ... just grazing them ... enough to set her sweetness afire for more, and then he ran his hand clear through to cup her mound in the front....
"Ohhhh..., yessss...," Ms S's breath was hot on Carson's lips, her kisses becoming more intense. "Ahhh, ohhh lover!!" she gasped anew as Antonio's fingers now settled on her intimate folds, ever so gently working his fingers between her lips, seeking her opening and wetness. And wetness there was as Ms S had been getting aroused and wet when she started chatting with Antonio in the Casino. And now, as this strangers eager fingers spread her, "Uhhh..." she uttered. His exploring finger found her swollen button, teased it, and then slipped back to her eager opening, now wet and reaching for his touch... "Ohhhh," Ms S. moaned in excitement, sucking Carson's lips anticipating the fun to come.
"Ohhhh yeah lover..." Carson urged her as she spread her legs wider, leaning forward providing Antonio unrestrained access to her treasure. "Ohhhh sweetie, this is so exciting! Let's move to the bed and offer our new friend the full complement of delights...," he suggested.
"Yes, yes, yessss," Ms S responded, eagerly turning around sitting her bare butt on the edge of the bed, her skirt up to her waist, her legs apart. Antonio, standing in front of Sensia now, had undone his pants and they dropped to the floor at his feet.
"Ohhh mannn...," Antonio uttered as he stood in front of Carson's lover. She quickly pulled his underwear down releasing his rigid member, stroking her hands up and down the length. "Ohhhh yeahhh, that touch... love it! My buddy has been aching for the touch of a woman's hands," he groaned as she slipped her mouth over the swollen head.
Carson watched in awe, freeing his own aching shaft to join the play to come. "What an awesome scene!" he exclaimed in his mind, "Sooo wild!" An unexpected moment of clearness washed over Carson in the midst of this swirling passion. As the immortals had described, Carson's little white tigress, Ms S., was opening her jade gate again, absorbing Green Dragon Antonio's Jing energy deep within her, enriching her own Jing and Qi energy to even greater levels. This is what the Taoist White Tigress does -- so awesome! Then it's my turn," he marveled realizing that as Jade Dragon he gets to reach deep within the sweet, hot little White Tigress' jade gate with his jade stalk and absorb some of her enriched Jing energy. It enhances his own Jing and Qi -- elevating him even closer to an immortal existence.
"That is so crazy, so selfish," Carson's mind marveled, "urging my lover to open wide and revel in ecstasy, draining the Jing from another man -- as part of an astounding, surreal means of extending my own lifespan. Oh yeah, so selfish using my White Tigress like this. Yep, it happens to turn up the heat of Sensia's own Jing to white-hot intensity, powers up her own Qi forces, and prolongs her own existence on the terrestrial plane too. Selfish indeed he thought, laughing to himself as he gazed deep into her impassioned eyes at that moment. She hovered on the edge of an excitement, an ecstasy beyond anything in many rounds of their lovemaking for many, many years.
The wait was short for that awesome scene to ignite and explode in front of him. Antonio's straining manhood wet from her lips; Carson's lover eagerly scooted back on the bed, her legs pulled back wide. Her eager opening spread as she urged him to bury his shaft in her. "Ohhhh bring it on Antonio, give me that hardon NOW!" Ms S excitedly urged, guiding his cock to her opening.
With one deft move, Antonio was on his knees between Sensia's spread thighs, the head of his eager shaft dancing toward her opening.
***************
(XLIII, Lao Tzu)
The most submissive thing in the world can ride roughshod over the hardest in the world - that which is without substance entering that which has no crevices.
That is why I know the benefit of resorting to no action. The teaching that uses no words, the benefit of resorting to no action, these are beyond the understanding of all but a very few in the world.
***************
"Ohhhh yeahhh, little lady, let's rock this wild, wet pussy!" Antonio exclaimed, his probing shaft driving deep inside her.
"Oh, here, here, here," Ms S gasped, hoping she positioned herself so Carson had a voyeur's prime view as Antonio eased up between her legs, his massive shaft entering her. She loved tormenting Carson with the exhibitionist's show, driving him absolutely wild with passion. "Ohhh yeahhh, so tight this time!" her mind raced.
"Then," she continued, her mind racing as Antonio's surprisingly massive member stroked into her wet opening, "Gotta be sure Carson gets the perfect view with that big guy doing me....! He won't want to miss it!!" she smiled excitedly glancing over at her lover, her Jade Dragon.
"Oh yeah!" Carson's mind exclaimed. "Good god, he's large!" his mind spun in wild arousal, watching in awe as Antonio drove into Ms S's opening......
"Ohmygosh!!" Carson's mind howled in awe at the scene before his very eyes... "This is sooo wild!" his mind spun out of control, his own purple raging shaft in his hand, as he reveled in watching his lover's opening swallow that monster brown member. "Ohhhh go baby, go!!" he urged her on in his mind, "Take it all, and drain the juices from it!" his mind rocked in pure delight, "Ohhh yeaaah!!" he laughed to himself. "Awesome, absolutely awesome!" he reveled to himself.
"Ohhhh wow!!!!" Antonio let out a low gasping exclamation. "Ms S! That is so wild! Oh yeah pretty girl!! You're so tight!! Wow...," he moaned, stroking his massive pole in and out of the sweet, hot-wife's honey-pot.
"Ohhhh, Oh, Oh, Ohhhh," Ms S continued gasping..., filled to the max. "Yessss, Oh god yes! Fuck me, fuck me! Give it all to me!" she cried, shoving her bottom up to meet his thrusts, forcing more of his shaft deeper into her now convulsing opening.
"Oh yeah! Ohhhh wow pretty girl!" Antonio exclaimed, driving his massive shaft into the awesome little lady's sweetness. "Ohhhh my god!!!" he groaned, feeling the thrilling tightness of this wonderful hotties pussy.
"Ohmygosh!" Carson's mind exploded in unison with the writhing, thrusting pair on the bed....... "Ohhh baby, baby....!" his mind rocked in total ecstasy, watching in awe, up close in intimate detail as that impressive shaft plunged deep into the slippery sweetness he loved playing with! "Ohhhh baby!!!" he exclaimed to himself.... "Absolutely unbelievable! Go baby! Let it go baby!" he urged her orgasm on.
The impassioned Ms S needed no encouragement. She slipped off the charts into the throes of a massive wave of orgasm; her pussy exploding over and over with the thrill of that huge shaft drilling her. Her mind was spinning with the boggling scene exploding in and around her, knowing this outrageous, orgasmic moment of a lifetime was shared with her lover. The naughty Carson, her awesome Jade Dragon, relished the exhibition of her goodies as centerpiece of the show, her new play-mate filling her to the max..., thrusting, and pounding into her widespread, eager opening, and now...
Antonio exclaimed, "Ohhhh, Ohhhh, Ahhhh!!" as his shaft buried inside his lover, rammed to the max.
"Good God!" Carson almost exclaimed aloud but caught himself. He's exploding! Ohhh wow!" he exclaimed to himself as his lover writhed and squirmed, and seemed to slip from consciousness with the intensity of the explosive orgasm she and Antonio were sharing!
"Yeeeeeowww!!" Ms S practically screamed as Antonio exploded. "Ohhhmigossshh!" she gasped again, her own orgasmic explosion pushing her over the edge and out to another plane of existence.... "Oh yeahhhhh!!!!" she finally uttered..., slipping momentarily from consciousness.
"Ohhhh wow!! Ohhhh Ms S!!" Antonio let out a howl, "That feels so awesome!"
Carson nearly passed out from the sheer voyeur overload scene that exploded in front of him, "Wow! She was the white tigress beyond awesome!"
"Ohhh my god, Antonio!" Ms S cried out, "That was unbelievable! I have never felt soooo filled! Absolutely wild!" She added to Carson, "This is soooo wild sharing this awesome sex with you my lover. You're about ready to explode aren't you?"
***************
(XLIV, Lao Tzu)
Your name or your person, which is dearer?
Your person or your goods, which is worth more?
Gain or loss, which is a greater bane?
That is why excessive meanness is sure to lead to great expense;
Too much store is sure to end in immense loss.
Know contentment and you will suffer no disgrace;
Know when to stop and you will meet with no danger.
You can then endure.
***************
Ms S turned from their new friend..., a sly and utterly nasty smile pasted across her face..., just as the wild and eager Carson slipped over between her legs. He wrapped his arms around his love and buried himself inside her laughing in utter glee. Sheer passion engulfed him as Carson's throbbing shaft drove into that steaming wet pussy, filled with Antonio's life forces.
"Ohhh baby, baby!" Sensia cried out pulling Carson on top of her, throwing them back on the bed, "I am so ready for you! Slam that hot cock into me sweet man! Fuck me hard lover!" she exclaimed, savoring shaft two slamming into her hot, slippery opening!"
"Oh my god!" Carson gasped in his excitement, his aching shaft plunging into his lover's opening... "Ohhhmigoshh! So wild! So awesome my love, my White Tigress!!"
"Ohhhh, yes, yes!" Ms S exclaimed. "That is so wild! I drained our Green Dragon of his vital energies just for you! Ohhhh fuck me, lover!" she howled..., her next orgasm reaching the pinnacle of erotic delight; writhing, squirming, thrusting her pussy up to meet her lover's thrusts. As he slammed his aching erection into her too..., Ms S and lover number two exploded in another orgasmic meltdown.
"Ohhhh lover!" Ms S exclaimed once their passion subsided, "Ohmygosh! I have been royally fucked by two awesome men! Ohhh wow!" she moaned, collapsing as her body went limp. "That was soooo awesome! Ohmygosh! We did it, we did it!!" she excitedly declared rolling into Carson's arms, reveling in the feel of him wrapped around her.
Then they both started to laugh, to crack up in glee and delight at the amazing scene that just went down. They really did it! They planned and fantasized, imagined something like this forever ... and it finally came together! The perfect joining together -- the White Tigress draining the Jing from her Green Dragon to fire up her own Jing, then sharing it with her lover, the Jade Dragon.
Carson just laughed non-stop, playing his hands and fingers over his lover's sweet hot body, savoring the feel of her skin, caressing her tits, and then ... exploring once again that awesome hot wet opening...., "Ohhhh lover! That was soooo unbelievable!! I saw everything, I can't believe it.., what a kick to be a Jade Dragon," he laughed again. It was like this ultimate erotic spiritual high - gasping, writhing, thrusting, totally wild connection
FIN'