The four garage doors and long driveway were plenty luxurious for me, but the columns I stood between at the front door really made the place seem palatial. Truth be told, I didn't know what Beth Ramirez needed for me to tutor her daughter. Clearly they had the money, and she had the scholarships to make to pay for it.
"Ah! There you are! Come in!" Beth answered the huge doors and I was welcomed in to the gong-like sound as the doors opened. "You're just in time... I was afraid I would've had to leave a note for you." She was already half-way through the foyer, clicking her heels away from me and beckoned to follow.
It had been a moment since I had seen her. Ashley had already graduated and the summer was in full swing. So you can imagine the surprise I had when I received the call from her mother for tutoring. "Glad to make it in time." I kept it short, just like Beth's power-blouse sleeves.
"Can I offer you anything? Water?" She shimmied as she reached into the fridge for a bottle of sparkling water. I nodded and she produced another one for me, taking a deep breath. "Okay, I have not broke the news to Ashley that I signed her up for tutoring." Beth clenched her teeth nervously and gave me a look of seeking forgiveness.
"Oh no..." I frowned a little. I knew a blow-up could happen. What teen wants to do any learning over the summer, especially when it's not necessary.
"I know! But it is for the best I think..." Beth trailed off and looked out the window. We both gazed on Ashley in the blue pool, her head just coming up for air. "You did wonders for her AP Bio, now she might have a chance to test out of her entry classes before starting college."
Ashley pulled herself up on the side of the pool, the sun shined down on her golden rump. Before I could truly appreciate her micro g-string bikini, her mother also caught the sight and moved around the kitchen to obstruct the view. "Oh well, you can't sell her short. Ashley has a good work ethic too." I managed to recover.
"Yes that's true, but that's also because she's had teachers like you who are hard on her." Beth said casually and looked over her shoulder. I had been hard on her daughter, multiple times in the previous year. "Well, it's time to face the music." Beth leaned to the open window and yelled out to Ashley. "Hey honey, could you come in for a moment?"
"Did you want me to set up here?" I looked around the kitchen and the dining table while I pat my bag.
"Oh no no. My husband has a study on the second floor, you can use the table up there." Beth started, "I can send Ash--"
"What mom?" Ashley breezed in the door before her mother could see her, stopping in her tracks when she saw me. The water dripped off her curves while the towel was absent. She walked passed me and to the fridge, putting on her stunning bubble butt strut show. "What's he doing here?"
"Baby... where is your wrap?" Beth almost whispered but I could hear her glare while I couldn't hide my stare. I took a long sip of my water since it wasn't anything I hadn't seen before. "I've asked Mr. Antoni to help you with those classes you can test out of."
"Do I have to?" Ashley turned around and looked longingly at the pool. She squeezed her arm close to her side as she pulled up her water, deliberately for me. "I already did good on my AP test, do I really need to--"
"Yes, no buts about it young lady." Beth interrupted her. "Now go dry and wrap up. I've got to get going to my appointment." Ashley's shoulders slunk as she walked behind me and back towards the pool. "And let's not waste Mr. Antoni's time either." The door slammed.
"Honestly, it's no trouble. I'm sure she's--" I started.
"No no, she needs this. I know you are confident in her. But this is for my confidence." Beth explained as she gathered her things. "I'll show you the study."
I followed her to the staircase and took note of the photos. I could see where Ashley got her thick thighs from. Beth's legs struggled to hide beneath her mid-thigh tight skirt. I knew she worked in business, but this was bordering risque.
The pictures on the wall showed a mustachioed darker skinned man, her husband. Beth was white but Ashley's father was clearly Latino. There were rumors in school that her father worked for a cartel and I didn't believe it. But now, seeing the tall, thin blonde wife and short stocky Latino dad, it seemed more plausible.
"It's right here down here." Beth gestured forward as we walked by some room. One door was ajar, no doubt the master bedroom. The next was wide open, with some clothes strewn on the floor, likely Ashley's. The study looked out of place, with the wide table and a window that nearly took up the wall facing the backyard. "Please make yourself comfortable and pardon the mess."
"Oh it's no issue." I took note of the piles of boxes around the room.
"My husband is in the process of moving his offices so this room is serving as an kind of storage room too." Beth explained. I also noted the sensors on the ceilings, this must have been some important stuff. "Well... if you are set, I will leave you to it!"
"Thank you, this'll do just fine." I started and lifted a finger, "But--"
"Oh how forgetful of me. We can discuss the payment after I return if that's alright." Beth interrupted. Though I was just going to ask where the bathroom was.
"Yes of course." I nodded and watched her take leave. The dust danced only a little in the sunlight from the big window. I heard the gong sound again and took it that Beth had left. By the window, I could see that Ashley was in the lounge chair by the pool. She slightly cocked her head up at what I guessed was also the gong.
Her tight bod glistened from the water and the sun. Tight and luscious. She reached back behind the chair cushion and produced a lighter and what looked like a joint. Hiding behind her huge sunglasses, she took a deep inhale and held it.
My bladder distracted me from the vision and I remembered that I hadn't been shown a bathroom. I took to the hallway and made my way towards the stairs. Through that slightly ajar door, I saw that there was a mirror and the glint of light. It was the master bedroom. The voyeur in me saw the wardrobe and hamper and I couldn't resist.
By the window, I looked down to see Ashley again, but she was gone. I couldn't afford to stop and smell the panties this time. I moved quick to the bathroom and took care of my business. I opened the door and slightly jumped to see Ashley standing at the doorway of the bedroom.
"What are you doing?" She was annoyed.
"I-I was just using the bath--" I started.
"I mean what are you doing here?" Ashley asked pointedly.
"Oh your mother asked me to--" I began again.
"I don't need tutoring. I'm done with high school." She stood there with her fists on her waist, the towel was wrapped tightly around her. I could see the joint was still lit and burning between her fingers behind her. "I have plans and I can't stay. You have to go."
"Okay..." I waited so as to not get interrupted again. The lull let me take some offense. "Does your mom know you smoke in here?"
Ashley pulled the joint to her lips and took a big hit. She squinted her eyes at me and shook her head before letting out a big cloud. "We have an air purifier system, she'll never know." She pointed at me with it. "Can you get moving? My friends will be here in a little bit."
"Okay, but--" I put my hands up and moved towards the foot of the bed. "Then what do I tell your mom? I mean I have to tell her something."
"Seriously?" Ashley was incredulous. "You're going to narc on me?" She pulled a big hit from the joint again and pointed it at me again. "Sit down." She rushed past me to the bathroom and in confusion I sat quickly. Ashley put the joint on the counter and came back, standing in front of me.
"I-I-I have to say that we did some work?" I looked up at her red eyes and sandy, still-wet brown bobbed hair. Ashley dropped her towel and squeezed her 32DDs.
"These will keep you quiet won't they?" She laughed lazily, looking me down. "That's all it takes to keep you in line." She lift one of her legs and planted the foot on my crotch. "This is what brought you here right? Take them off."
I didn't need to be told twice. I laid back and started fuddling with my belt and quickly slipped my pants to my ankles. Ashley jumped up on the bed and stood over me, turning and showing her fantastic rump as she bent over. She took both hands and started stroking me up. The spit helps get things started. "Are you sure..." I tried.
"Shut up." She looked at me from between her legs as she worked my pole. Walking her legs back, she took to her knees and I felt her soft tits on my stomach. "This isn't just for you." Her legs spread right below my chin and I could feel the warmth of her pussy near my lips. And before I could focus on the detail, she thrust those lips against mine. "You like them shaved and smooth don't you?" She squeezed my cock and popped it in her mouth.
My tongue wasn't standing a chance. Ashley slipped and jostled every which way while I tried to get between the slit, my mouth and face away painted wet. Down below, she popped and licked my cock, much like she had done in the hotel. Her stroke, however, had gotten much better. I felt a sharp pain and it registered she had gripped my balls.
"Sit up." Ashley said lowly and stood to face me. She pointed back to the edge of the bed and I obeyed. Her tight tan bod walked over the edge and straddled over me. Holding my shoulders, Ashley lowered her ass down and took her small hand and ensured I found the entrance. "Oh fuck..." She lowered herself slowly. "Fuck that's it."
I almost didn't catch her red eyes roll back since her taut tits were right in my face. I almost reached out to lick before I remembered her instruction. "Wow... you might be tighter." I slipped out.
"Shut up." Ashley slapped me and put her hands around my neck. Her knees straddled my hips and she started bucking. "Oh my god..." She leaned in and pulled me towards her, her boobs on my chest. Thrust, thrust, quiver. "Unghhh... fuck."
For the next ten minutes, I watched in the wardrobe mirror the sight of that bubble butt milk and gyrate on my cock. Some of her twerking moves I recognized as tame from her dance shows. I put my hands back and propped myself up. Ashley did all the work. Her hands pushed me back and she rode like a true cow-girl.
Her golden apple bottom started to glisten with sweat when she wrapped her arms around my neck. Ashley pulled in close and started holding her breath. "Fuck..." she trailed off.
I felt the tight squeeze of her pussy for the instant. "Ah." She exhaled sharp and inhaled just as quickly.
Ashley's nails dug into my shoulders and the hot rush coated my cock. She opened her mouth and there was the silent heavy climax only followed by a gong.
"OH! SHIT." Ashley's eyes rolled back forward and she leaped off, leaving my dick shining. "Fuck! She's back. Fuck." I was in awe of her perky, gravity defying tits not bouncing at all as she frantically fiddled with her towel. She rushed out of the room and I snapped back to reality too when I registered the sound of heels on the stairs.
"How's the studying going honey?" It was Ashley's mother's voice in the hall.
"Fine mom." Ashley replied, annoyed... followed by the slam of a bedroom.
I finished tucking my shirt in only to look up and see Beth move into the door-way, with surprise. "Oh hi," I blurted out, pointing to the bathroom, "Just taking a restroom break." I felt red in the face.
"Oh okay." Beth smiled understandingly. "Making good head way?"
"Yes-- oh yes of course." I thought I may be in the clear. "We both know Ashley is very bright, when she wants to be."
"Yes... and very spirited too right?" Beth stated and asked. I nodded, nervously trying to devise a way out of the bedroom.
"MOM!" Ashley called out from her room. "Can you take me to Jenny's?"
"Are you and Mr. Antoni done?" Beth yelled down the hallway. There was a pause.
"Yeah." Ashley called back out, not shouting. Beth looked at me and looked back down the hall.
"Okay we'll leave in 10 minutes." Beth replied and waved me to follow her. She walked with some authority down the stairs and held her phone.
In the hallway, she opened a side door I hadn't noticed earlier and gestured me to go in. Upon entering, I noticed the washer and dryer, along with some hampers and other laundry provisions. Before I turned, Beth had entered and closed the door behind her. I began to say something but Beth held a finger to her lips.
"My husband's business requires privacy. You might have noticed that his study was designed to safeguard sensitive documents." Beth began to explain and started to unbutton her blouse. "I told him it was a bad idea to keep that kind of stuff in the house and to leave it at the office." She tossed the shirt in the washer, I couldn't keep my eyes off her chest.
"Of course he wasn't going to listen to me." Beth continued and leaned down into the dryer, where it looked like she fished for clothes. "He took it literally and went the full mile with the security." Her voice reverberated from the dryer drum. The seams of her pencil skirt buckled and her thick butt smoothed out. She pulled out a tank top. "All the bells and whistles, gongs and sensors, alarms and... cameras."
I was dumbfounded. I checked to make sure my mouth was not agape in surprise. I didn't even think about cameras, despite what I had done in the locker room. "Covering almost every inch," Beth scoffed as she looked back over her shoulder at me and glancing at her phone, "Take a look." I reached for the phone and heard the slow unzip.
The phone unlocked to a security app that had already pulled the video up, a giant play button obscuring the preview. "I told him why even bother if you're not going to ever watch the footage?" Beth dropped her skirt, revealing the origin of Ashley's golden apple bottom. Except Beth's was full grown and much rounder.
I gripped the phone at the sight of Beth bending back over into the dryer, her ass parting freely. I inadvertently began playing the video, "FUCK!" the phone sounded. It was the view from the mirror, my stomach dropped. On the screen was Ashley's ass gyrating and dancing on my cock. I looked up in horror and Beth's head was still peering into the dryer, her legs propped the massive cheeks that involuntarily jiggled and silently clapped a freedom from panties.
"I-- uh--" was all I could manage before Beth stopped me again. She pulled out a mini-skirt and dropped it on the floor, stepping in.
"I even showed him how the app worked." She pulled the skirt up. "But he never got it," Beth hiked the skirt up her waist and pulled the tank top over it. "That's not to say he wouldn't get it." She walked past me and confirmed that as scared as I was, I was fixed on her ass hanging out under the skirt.
"I-I-I'm—" it felt like I was going to stutter to no end.
"You're going to make sure Ashley passes those exams?" Beth raised her eyebrows with curiosity.
My eyes widened and I was slow on the uptake, but I nodded profusely. Beth grinned and moved towards me. I cowered back against an appliance.
"And you can assure me..." Beth's hand grazed at my crotch and started rubbing, "that the only hard things Ashley will be doing are practice questions and quizzes?" I nodded in fear again, wild-eyed as she unfastened and unzipped my pants, reaching in and pulling my cock out. "Good," She said as she looked down at it, "Very good."
Beth gripped it overhand and gave some experienced strokes as she turned her back to me. She pulled her skirt up further and leaned forward slightly, looking back. "And you'll accept this for compensation I assume?" She tugged at me and rubbed my cock against her ass. My cock wedged between Beth's cheeks and throbbed hard. "I think you'll find it quite generous?"
Beth slide her butt up and down my cock. The wetness of her pussy started to coat my dick and I clenched the dryer behind me. She rocked forward and back slightly, exposing freshly wet areas of her pussy to be introduced to my pre-cum.
She reached between her legs and grabbed the end of my cock and pinpointed the rub. "Don't worry about the security footage. My husband only cares about the office video anyway." I felt the tight entry of Beth's pussy, hidden somewhere between her cheeks, and strained buckled it welcomed me with. "Oh... my..." Beth breathed for a moment, "And he doesn't need to know about our arrangement."
And with that, she went into a trance that I was afraid to interrupt. I watched her magnificent ass bounce and clap on my cock. Each stroke slathering and slipping me deeper. I wanted to grab it and drive it hard, but it would have been futile. Beth knew exactly how to shake and shimmy her rump so that it hit all her spots.
She wasn't nearly as vocal as Ashley, but her rhythmic breathing was enough for me. Sharp breaths and exhales followed by frequent shivers. She didn't have to make a sound, I could feel each wet rush. Coupled with the hypnotic bounce of the skirt and ass, it felt like time had slowed down.
"M--" There were footsteps above us. "Mom!" Ashley called from above the stairs. We heard the steps come down. The rush made me tense up and Beth's pussy was even wetter now. I wanted to tell her to hurry up.
"Just--" Beth managed, "ah... minute!" She called out, knees finally buckling as she shifted around on her heels. Her back straightened and she attempted to fix her hair.
"Mom we're gonna be late!" Ashley called out again, almost sounding like she was near the door. And in my fear, the knob rattled and the door opened.
Beth expertly pulled off and stood up, her skirt falling back to normal. She stood in front of me and approached Ashley to hid the sight of my cock hanging out, cumming on the floor. "Go ahead and wait in the car. I'll be right there." Beth ushered her out and left me in the laundry room.
The front door gong sounded and Beth's heels clicked back towards the laundry room door. I hurried to pull my pants up as she opened the door. "Ah shit." I mouthed under my breath, fiddling with my belt.
"That was close?" Beth raised her eyebrows to herself as she entered with a quick sigh. She dropped a small wash towel on the floor, stepping on it with her open-toes. "I told Ashley you will be here next week." Beth swept the area where my cum dropped, her thigh revealing itself as she extended the leg from side to side. She motioned me to the door. "Same time."
Before I could say anything, she shooed me out. I watched her get into the car as Ashley sat in the passenger seat. She was glued to her phone and Beth checked the rear-view mirror to fix her hair. I was incredulous as to everything that had happen.