Dave close his eyes and braced himself. He'd just fucked up, and he knew it. While it didn't seem like anything could get worse, he knew Nurse Violet could find a way. He didn't want to see it coming, but he'd just spoken without her permission and he feared it would be bad.
Suddenly something clamped around his head and his eyes flew open in surprise to it and the sudden blast of noise only to see the nurse stepping away, shaking her head. She paused a couple feet from him and spoke at him, but he couldn't hear what she said because the headphones or whatever she'd put on his head was playing some kind of loud, electronic music. She spoke to him again, her head cocked, and then with a parting, almost playful motion, gave his balls another slap and turned back to the two guests at the door. He saw stars and his whole body seemed to ache as the pain radiated upwards so he didn't see exactly what happened, but when he could focus on the door again, there'd been a change and he saw what he'd feared.
When she'd opened it, two people had been waiting outside and he immediately recognized them as the woman whom he'd first encountered outside another shop that had an exhibition in progress and then again when the curtains had been open. Her wide eyes had been the last thing he'd seen through the window before Nurse Violet finished closing them, her big irrigator strap-on buried in his guts and cum on his stomach. The idea of strangers seeing him in this position was bad enough, but this stranger had seen him as a person first out in public, he couldn't explain why it seemed to much worse or intrusive, but it was there.
But while she remained in the doorway, the other person who'd been standing there a few moments earlier was gone. Her friend, the other woman, she was missing and Dave wondered why for a moment but then Nurse Violet was apparently inviting her in and he felt his stomach drop. The woman walked in and walked around the room, looking at the things hanging on the wall, the table, and finally at him as he lie on his back, naked, feet held apart and bound to the elaborate examination table. She blushed and laughed, looked away, then back at him and his insides twisted. She was... a normal person, and she was seeing him like this and....
He must have made a sound because the nurse walked behind him and a few seconds later, she loomed over him from behind. Leaning over him, she brought something up to his mouth and expertly popped something in, something big enough to push his jaw open. It felt like it was made of rubber except it didn't taste like anything, so a distant part of his brain guessed it must be silicone too, and as he worked this through, she lifted his head and some of his hair was pulled for a moment and then he realized she'd snapped a connector shut and there was now a gag in his mouth.
His eyes got wide and he struggled against his bonds, worried he wouldn't be able to breathe if his nose got clogged or swollen but after a moment, he realized he could breathe freely through the gag. It must have a big opening in it and while he knew he could probably make noises, he wouldn't be able to form words. A sudden panic began to build that if he couldn't say anything, there'd be no way for him to use the safe word she'd given him at the beginning of the session until as if reading his mind, a moment later he felt something soft pushed into one of his hands and he gripped it. He couldn't see his hand, but as the thought formed, one of the headphone cups over his ear lifted for a moment and Nurse Violet spoke into it so close that he could feel it.
"If you drop this, I will take that as your safe word and we will stop. Do you understand?"
He nodded as best as he could and, apparently satisfied, she set it back on his ear. The thumping dance music filled his world again and he could only watch as the woman spoke to Nurse Violet who responded, but he couldn't tell what they were talking about. The woman glanced at the door then back at him and got a funny look on his face and he felt like he was going to die. He couldn't explain why he felt so much more naked in front of this stranger than Nurse Violet and he could only imagine maybe it had something to do with her not being a professional. He knew his face burned with shame.
He wished he could tell what they were talking about but with the blasting music, there was no way to tell.
After a moment, the woman nodded hesitantly at something the nurse said and turned around to find a spot in the corner where she leaned against the wall and watched. What she was watching, he couldn't tell until he saw some motion off to his left and then tracked Nurse Violent coming into sight again. She walked between his legs and held something up for him to see briefly before lowering it back out of sight and doing something.
It was unmistakably a butt plug, he knew that much, but it was chrome colored or metal and had a wire hanging from it for some reason. After a moment, she lifted it back up again and he could see it was glistening wet and felt he knew what was coming next.
She must have liked what she saw on his face because she smiled and lowered it out of sight and a moment later, he felt it nuzzle up to his exposed asshole. Her other hand pulled one of the cheeks to the side and after a moment, the plug began to slide up into him.
He didn't know what the plan was because he felt so drained after the milking session and almost as if he wanted to just be done, but as the plug stretched him, he felt a twich in his cock and rested his head on the padded back, giving in. He knew he could end this if he had to but... he held onto the thing in his hand.
He could feet her twist it a couple times as if spreading the lubricant more evenly then, with smooth but firm force, she pushed it in. He took a breath to yell or groan or something, he wasn't sure, then the widest part suddenly popped past the elastic ring of his asshole and he groaned as his butt sucked it in and it burrowed inwards, coming to rest against his prostate.
Opening his eyes again, he looked down and saw her working with something out of sight. He couldn't tell what it was or could be, but after a moment, she stood straight and smiled coldly at him. He wasn't sure what was going on, but that smile made him nervous.
Looking at him straight in the eye, she slowly lifted one of her hands up so he could see it clearly, see that she was holding some kind of device with her thumb on a button. She raised an eyebrow as if visually asking him a question and without thinking about it, he shook his head.
She laughed, then made a show of reaching over with her other hand, extending her pointer finger, and looking back into his eyes, pressed it.
His body jerked as all of the muscles in his ass suddenly contracted against his will, then released. He whimpered, he'd never experienced anything like this before. Smiling at his reaction, she tapped the button again and again, his sphincter contracted hard, squeezing the butt plug in his ass and, as a side effect, shoving it against his prostate.
He moaned but through the gag holding his mouth open, it must have sounded like talking because she took that free hand and swatted his testicles again then pushed the button firmly for a few seconds. Even with that sudden twisting pain, he could feel his fully erect penis slap his stomach as the muscles in his ass contracted hard and squeezed the plug against that walnut sized that was still somehow sensitive.
She began to develop a pattern, on for a second or two then off. On, then off. Each time, his ass squeezed it against his will and he slowly began to understand it was using an electric current. He couldn't feel a 'zap' or anything, it was just his muscles firing against his control, like he was losing control of his ass and being used as a puppet.
The repeated pressure against his prostate began to bear some fruit too in the form of some more liquid flowing out even though he thought she had milked him dry a few minutes earlier. Where was this coming from? On, off, squeeze, relax. The clear fluid began to bead up around the head of his cock then drip once in a while when it slapped his stomach.
He looked over at the woman from outside who was observing and she was standing there watching intently. Her cheeks definitely still had something of a flush to them, but her eyes were wide and bright as she watched this stranger grunt and twitch in front of her, an electric but plug making his ass pulse against his will. He closed his eyes again in shame, it was unbearable.
He did not, however, release the mysterious soft safe word replacement she'd stuck in his hand.
After a minute or two that felt much longer, she stopped pushing the button. He didn't know if she was bored or what, but when he opened his eyes he saw that she has pushed the observer over to get into a cabinet near the corner. She looked into it and pointed at something. The woman stared, wide eyed, then slowly nodded. He wished he could hear what they were saying, what could cause this woman to glance over at his groin with that look then back at what Nurse Violet was talking to her about?
After a moment, she handed the woman the thing they'd been discussing from the cabinet and the two of them came over. The nurse got to him first and looked back at the stranger who had slowed, holding whatever it was, then she stepped forward and handed it to Violet.
Dave couldn't get a close look at it, whatever it was, parts of it kept coming into view and it looked like there were wires involved, but she had it just out of his sight at the base of the table. He thought back to what he knew of that area. There was the squirt bottle lubricant, right, and there was whatever she had plugged the butt plug into, but-
His train of thought cut off when Nurse Violet handed it back to the woman who stepped up between his legs and looked down at his now semi-flaccid cock. He could see her saying something, but of course it was drowned out by the driving bass beat in his ears. Nurse Violet picked up the remove and pushed the button and once again all of those muscles in his ass clenched, and clenched hard. The probe pushed against his prostate and he could feel blood flowing back into his dick. As it hardened, the woman nodded and then, carefully, delicately, touched it with one hand. He felt himself shriveling up inside, this was unbearable. Gaining confidence, she grasped it more firmly and lifted it off his stomach. It was now very, very hard. With her other hand, she brought the mystery object into sight and held it up against the head of his dick. He belatedly realized as she began to work it over the head that it was some kind of sleeve like the well-worn soft masturbation sleeve he had at home.
She glanced up and made eye contact briefly then looked back at her work, blushing furiously. He tried to breathe as she worked his hard cock deeper and deeper into it. He didn't understand what was happening or why this stranger was in here doing this, but when he looked over, he could see Nurse Violet watching carefully with her hands behind her back, as if supervising. What was this?
He looked back down and this time saw that a wire was coming from the sleeve. Once she'd snugged it down fully onto him, she turned and asked the nurse something and then, based on whatever she said, she took the wire and reached down under the table and did something with it, then stood again. She stepped back but Nurse Violet waved her back and pointed at something and Dave watched with growing eyes as the woman stepped back between his legs and lifted up the remote the nurse had been using minutes earlier.
The woman held it hesitantly, looked to the nurse for confirmation, then looked at Dave's wide eyes and touched the button.
WHAM!
This time, instead of just making his ass contract, he felt an electric shock course through his prostate directly. He grunted and his whole body tensed and thrashed in place as the electricity from the TENS unit or something like it went from the butt plug through his prostate and to the sheath around his penis.
She let go instantly and Dave sat there in shock for a moment before it happened again.
WHAM!
"Ugggghhghghhhgh" he exhaled through the thing in his mouth as his penis tensed uncontrollably and stopped again, then again as she touched the button a third time.
He almost dropped the thing in his hand but managed to hold on.
After a few moments, he opened his eyes and looked at the woman who was standing there between his legs, looking down at him quizzically as if surprised she could make a human produce those noises or react that way with a button. She looked at it curiously, then back at him, then pressed it again.
His eyes rolled back in his head as this brand new stimulation ripped through the gland in his ass, out through his dick. That almost peeing feeling was starting again somehow and he managed to open his eyes after a few moments of relative peace to find that the woman had set the button down and moved out of the way as Nurse Violet returned with some kind of package in her hands. She spoke to the woman who nodded then opened the thing in her hand and pulled out... something that looked like maybe 15-20cm of floppy tubing. He couldn't wrap his head around what this was or hear whatever she was saying through the music playing so loudly but she did something with it under the table then brought it back up and he could tell she'd squirted some of that lubricant on it with special attention to the tip.
He couldn't understand what the plan was here, it was far too short to be used for an enema plus she'd thoroughly cleaned him out just a little bit earlier. He wished he could hear, she'd stopped again to talk with the woman, the outsider, and after a moment, the woman came back and stood at his side and apparently following directions, reached out and held the sheath she'd shoved his dick into steady facing straight up.
What was- oh no. Nurse Violet took the tube, peeled back just a little bit of the end of the cylindrical sheath to expose the head of his cock, and set the lubricated end of the tube up against the slit in the end of it.
She looked up at him expressionlessly, then back to the tube.... and began to work it into his urethra.
He inhaled sharply, it was stretching things and there was a sting as it started to slide in but she maintained steady pressure and pushed it inwards. He watched, wide eyed, and knew he was probably making sounds through the open hole mouth gag but he didn't care, he'd never been awake for anything like this before. He'd woken up with a catheter once, but-
Oh no, he had a sudden thought, what would happen if she made it to his bladder? Was he going to add peeing on himself to the list of unrecoverable shameful moments?
But no, she stopped after it was just a few inches in then patted the sheath with her palm as if it had done well. Inside, he was yelling, the feeling was so strange and what was she doing?!
But... he didn't drop the thing in his hand. Not yet.
He stared at the two women and both of them looked up suddenly in the same direction. Towards the door, he realized. He turned his head and watched Nurse Violet go to the door, look down at the little monitor showing who was there, then unlocked and opened it.
The woman's friend walked in and froze, staring at the naked man bound to the table in front of her with some hind of translucent wired sheath on his penis and a wire coming out of a plug in his ass and some kind of tube sticking out of the end of his penis. She said something and Nurse Violet laughed and gestured to her to come all the way in and then closed the door again. The newcomer stepped over to the corner where her friend waited and said something to her as an aside and the two laughed. Dave felt himself die some more inside.
Suddenly, Nurse Violet was between his legs again and holding the fateful switch in her hand. She held it up for everyone to see and made sure Dave was looking at her in the eye and then, with a smile, she began to pulse it.
Dave groaned and thrashed on the table as the electricity pumped from the plug in his ass through his prostate and out his cock, then again, then again. He groaned as wave after wave of the strange combination of pleasure and pain hit from both the shocks to his prostate and the plug rubbing against it as the muscles in his ass tensed. He groaned as his dick was held in place, a tube tightly stuffed partway up his urethra, and then he tensed as that peeing sensation started again and didn't stop.
She pulsed the button on and off, on and off, and he grunted hard and then moaned as a mixture of cum and prostate fluid began to leak out of the tube. Nurse Violet arranged the little bowl with the earlier collections where it could capture this and continued to pulse and throb the button, forcing him to cum and express more fluid at her expert rhythm.
He groaned, a deep full body groan and the straps cut into him where his whole body tried to break free.
*spurt*
*spurt*
A legitimate orgasm somehow scared itself out of his brain under the assault to his senses and the liquid flowing out the tube thickened and thinned as more cum was forced down it.
For another half minute, she worked the button a little slower and slower until finally she seemed to decide he was empty. She set the button down and stepped back to admire her handiwork. Dave lie there in an absolute daze, his ass and dick feeling funny from the workout they'd just had, and he was drained.
He still held onto the safe-word replacement in his hand, though, and as he lie there breathing deeply, he felt a sense of pride that he'd managed to through all of this.
The music in his ears suddenly stopped and he looked up startled just in time to see the nurse reaching down to lift the headphones off his ears. His ears rang in the sudden relative silence but he could hear himself breathing. He looked over then quickly looked away, both of the women were watching him. One of the whispered something and the other one chuckled and his face flushed red in embarrassment. How was he going to-
"Aaaaaa!" he moan/yelled as Nurse Violet pulled the tube out of his dick, sliding down his urethra then popping free over a period of a couple seconds. It stung, but as he sat there, the feeling subsided to a low throb. One of the women laughed at his sound and he turned his head to look away, to look anywhere but at them. This was also probably how he didn't notice the nurse suddenly pulling the sheeth off his now ultra-sensitive cock.
"Gnugggghhh" he said inarticulately and his suddenly free dick flopped free in front of him, slapping his stomach.
"That was a productive session, I must say." It was the first words he'd heard clearly since going under the headphones, and it was, of course, the woman running everything. He looked at her, then over at the two women then quickly back to her, hoping she would understand his need to know what was happening.
"Oh, are you wondering about your friends? I saw them admiring our show earlier and took a moment earlier to find out if they'd like a close up show. You don't mind, do you?"
Dave lie there quietly, head spinning. How could he tell her they weren't his friends, that they were just strangers who had noticed him walking down the street and then been watching him get fucked on this chair earlier? Was this a trap to get him to say something when he shouldn't? In the end, he didn't say anything, just looking back and forth between the women and Nurse Violet and hoping she would understand and dismiss the two strangers, one of whom... one of who had touched him and made him shake and shudder under her command as she pressed the electric shock button.
"I see you looking over at our two guests, here, let me help you," she said with a smile. Reaching down to push on something, he felt the table twitch and then suddenly he was in motion as it began to slowly turn in place. She pushed on it and slowly, inexorably, it rotated until he was looking down at the women between his open legs. Both of them stared at this direct, straight-on unobstructed view of his genitals with wide eyes.
"Oh my god," the newcomer said and her friend nodded her head.
For the nth time that night, Dave died inside.
Almost as soon as it came to a stop, there was a buzz from the door. Now behind him, he couldn't see anything but he heard it open as Nurse Violet let yet _another_ person into the increasingly cramped space.
"Thank you for coming," she said with a genuine smile in her voice.
"Anytime, Violet, always happy to help with these jobs. Your messenger told me you were almost ready and the timing worked out great," the new feminine voice said. Dave's insides churned, how many people was she going to cram into this space, and how many would see his shame up close like this? After a moment, he realized the woman's friend must have been that messenger. But who did she send her to?
"This one has been a handful tonight but I've had good luck collecting what we need. Here, take a look." Dave could see her come around to collect the little bowl with his mix of cum and prostate fluid and take it back to show to the new guest.
"Oh! Looks like this one needed it, that's a good collection," she replied and he could hear the newcomer setting the bowl down. "Let me get out of this..."
He could hear some rustling behind him but of course couldn't see anything. Looking at the two outsider women in the corner, neither was looking at him at the moment, both were watching what was happening behind him. There was the sound of a zipper and then both women's mouths dropped open. The first one murmured "oh my..." and the new voice behind them chuckled.
"Thanks, sweety, I appreciate it. Your friend told me you two were getting a show, do you know our special guest?" There was some more rustling behind him as the first woman answered.
"No, we just saw him checking us out earlier," she began and Dave tried to protest at the unfairness, but his words were unintelligible through the gag and she continued, "but when we saw him in here, I guess the nurse lady noticed."
"I thought they might enjoy a closer look at this naughty boy getting a little discipline during his milking," Nurse Violet's unmistakable voice said with an unmistakable smile in it. "She's been quite the helper," she added for the newcomer's benefit.
"Oh good, I do like an engaged audience," the voice said and the rustling stopped. Dave could hear someone walking towards him moments before a pair of hands rested on his shoulders from behind him. Struggling in his seat, he strained to look up and there was a new face. It was upside down, but he could see she was smiling and something about her seemed familiar.
"Well hello there," she said, then glanced over at the hand clutching the item Nurse Violet had placed in it after gagging him. "That's our safety totem, I assume? Just nod for me if that's right," she added after he tried to answer out loud but only made noises through the gag.
He nodded.
"That's good to know, honey, I hope you won't need to use it tonight. I understand you've produced what we need tonight?" She looked at him quizzically then laughed at the unmistakable look of confusion on his face. "Oh, don't worry about it. I can see you did a fine job." Confused he cocked his head at her, still trying to place where he knew her from.
She patted one of his shoulders lightly, then stood up straight. "Well, you've worked so hard for me little one, it would be a shame to waste all that effort. Let's go ahead and get started."
With that, she stepped back and he could hear her walking around the table. He arched his neck and tried to see her and as she came into sight, he saw that she was naked. She walked slowly, running her hand along his arm, staying close to the table. He shivered at the touch as she ran a finger down past the junction of his arm and torso and then began working her way down. Her face was striking and rang all kinds of bells in his head but he just couldn't quite place her.
Her bare ass came into view as she continued to circumnavigate his spread shape on the chair and he stared but still couldn't-
She reached the end of his right leg and turned to him. "Have I mentioned how glad I am that we get to meet? You caught my eye earlier, I remember you now."
But it wasn't her words that had the biggest impact on him, with a burst of adrenaline, he realized where he had seen her before because when she turned, the big cock hanging between her legs came into view and it clicked.
It was the woman in the window of the room where he'd been trying to decipher the prices, the one who had smiled at him with interest when he-
He stared in shock and watched her continue around and come to a stop between him and the two women watching, between his legs.
She smiled warmly down at him and touched his hip with one hand while idly stroking her slowly growing penis.
"Well, if I didn't, let me just say right now that I'm looking forward to this."
Dave swallowed.