Nigkala Tales Pt. 06: Member of the Zero-G club
I'll invent it first
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
Don't forget to rate the story.
= = = = = = = = = =
I had been thinking about making a science-fiction film where the lead alien, me, is seduced or seduces the male astronaut. So far, nothing special, as there were plenty of films that had that plot. I wanted it to be different by showing us having sex in zero gravity. That would be the major effect of the film, but I wanted to do it for real. Inanna was quite interested in this as well, as breaking new sexual ground would surely gain her power. But there were several hurdles in my way. First, I knew next to nothing about space. Second, figuring out how to do this would require time and practice, lots of practice in zero gravity. Third, the only extended stays were paid for by the government or big research corporations. Lastly, I was rather tall; that could be a problem.
So I put my feelers out. Almost two years passed before I got a nibble. A private company, Red Horizons, was working on a plan to send a team of people to Mars for science stuff. But it would take over a year in transit. It took a few weeks to get a meeting with the right people, but when I did meet them, I asked them what they planned to do about sex on the journey.
"Oh, there won't be any. Besides, no one knows how to do it without gravity."
"Why won't there be any? Won't there be males and females on the trip?"
"There will, but everyone will have to do without."
"Wouldn't married couples work out better? Psychologically?"
"Yes, it would, but again, no one knows how."
"Hmmm. Would you be interested in finding out?"
"Of course, but who would be willing to be gone for years?"
"Why gone? Orbit is far enough, and resupply and personnel change would be easy. And I would be the female."
"You? Ha! All you know about spaceships is silly movie stuff."
"I may know more than you think, but even so, you don't need me to control the ship, but just to figure out sex. And you know I know that." I saw several blushes. Inanna had informed me that several were my fans. The meeting went on for nearly two hours, and I used my whammy on them to make my suggestion seem worthy of consideration.
Over the course of a year, we had a few more meetings, and many talks. Finally, they called me to the Red Horizons headquarters.
"We asked you here to tell you we have decided to give you a chance. But we cannot 'officially' have you as a 'sex researcher'. However, you are an exercise trainer, and exercise is an important consideration for long term survival in zero gravity. Please meet your fellow researchers. Here is Phil Johnson, botanist, who will be working on growing food in zero gravity."
"Hello. Pleased to meet you. You really intend to solve Zero-G sex?"
"Yes. Are you willing to help?"
"Definitely, I love watching your films."
"This is Thaddeus Xander."
"Please just call me Tex. It's so much simpler."
"Hello, Tex."
"And lastly, we have Oliver Mancos."
"Ma'am."
"Oliver, if we are going to have as much sex as I think, then I think you should call me Becky. Or if you'd rather, you can call me Nigkala."
"Nigkala. You're my cousin's favorite woman for inspiration. He's going to be so jealous."
A manager spoke, "Oliver, we talked about this. No one is told until we are ready."
"Yes. For my movie to have the most impact, I need to show them something they thought was impossible. Once the movie has been out a bit, then your company will announce their part in the research for the scene. How much detail they go into is up to them. That is our agreement, understand?"
"Yes."
"Yes, what?"
"Yes, Nigkala."
"Good."
Over the next several weeks, I was poked, prodded, and measured. They made me a spacesuit as standard as possible while also accommodating my size. They made two, to ensure one would work. I also worked with the designers of the habitat so that it would facilitate exercise as well as sex. The result was a disk fifty feet in diameter on the inside. We could run in circles, and the centrifugal force would keep us on the track. On the sides would be a portion of the farm, and a spot for my own sleeping place. The plan was that I would basically remain in the room the entire time, except for arrival and departure. I insisted we have weights of some kind to help with keeping us on the track. They chose assorted spare parts in uniform containers, which we attached to our legs and arms. I also insisted on lots of stretchy cord, straps, and anchor points, so we could set up some sort of contraption to keep us together. I also had them make some other things that I thought might be useful. I also had sex with Phil, Tex, and Oliver several times, so that they got used to me and I them.
The day for launch came, and I went in before dawn so no one would see me. The others followed several hours later, to only a few onlookers. Launch was uncomfortable, not due to the weight, but rather the undersized chair. I survived. I helped unload, and the others were somewhat surprised due to my reach, but also at how easily I handled the heavy equipment. The first few days went by quickly, setting up everything. We got into a routine where I would have each of them spend two hours with me doing exercises to keep their muscle mass. I spent four hours on my own, as I had more to preserve. I also experimented to see if there were better ways of keeping fit. Once, Tex caught me 'lifting' weights. I had the resistance set to eight hundred pounds, and was going at it. He left rather impressed.
In the evenings, I chatted with my family on a private line, and meditated on the mechanics of sex under these conditions. First thing: tie down my hair before attempting. The biggest problem would be inertia. The first day of my 'research', Phil was my test subject. We both undressed, and I turned on the recording devices. We used a number of cords and cuffs to make our first attempt. That failed in under five seconds. We tried another arrangement, with more equipment. Fail. We went through over a dozen different configurations before I called it a day. We wiped ourselves off, and got dressed.
The next day was Tex's turn. More failures. Same for Oliver's first turn. The following day, I spent reviewing the records to see if there was some way I could firm things up. Then three more days of failures. At least I was up to a record twenty-three seconds. The next day, I considered switching to some of the other equipment I had. Weights managed to get four more seconds, but failed. By this point, I realized one partner had to be fixed in space while the other moved. I considered several common sexual positions, and decided that doggie-style might be simplest.
I spent the next research day setting up three different platforms for testing. Each was padded, and had plenty of gripping surfaces and straps and such. When Phil reported the next day, I instructed him on how to strap me down on the first platform. I then guided him into the elastic harness that would pull him towards me. Success, or at least partial success. We continued trying variations, and eventually ditched the harness as being too cumbersome. By the end of the day, he even managed to come in me, rather than near me.
The next two days, Tex and Oliver helped me to refine this into something workable and easily initiated. We continued minor refinements for several more sessions, and soon everyone agreed we had a workable solution. I then said we need more than one position. They looked startled. "Surely, only one position would be boring. Variety is needed to keep things interesting."
Tex said, "Yeah, but we have solved the problem."
"It's not good enough. See those other platforms? Other positions."
I got a chorus of "Oh..."
"Yeah, so we will continue our research tomorrow. Oh, and I bet your research is not ready either." At least they had the decency to blush.
We broke up then, and I considered a female dominant position, like the cowgirl. Having realized the limitations of elastic, I skipped that and went right for the straps and cuffs. We solved this in just a few days, with a combination of restraints that you could easily slide into from the side, but provided support and resistance from other directions.
Figuring out missionary was harder, but was essentially easier to implement. We spent several weeks refining each and figuring out how each person's size affected things. When I completed my research, we had three working sex stations. One for each of three common positions.
With my new-found free time, I worked out what kind of flexibility each station would need, and how to design it to be comfortable and easy to get in and out of. I wanted it to be voice activated, so it could be just a piece of equipment and not another person sent up into orbit. I, likewise, also considered a hovering camera that could take the needed shots. Lastly, was the consideration of being stuck in the middle of a large room with no gravity. For that, I had one of the guys position me in the middle of the room, and I worked on how to get to a wall. I found I could direct my breath and eventually force myself to a wall, but it was slow work. I realized a small fan would be better, or a compressed air bottle would do as well. On the next re-supply, several varieties were sent. A magnetic whip and a magnetic grappling hook were also sent. Seems someone below had an idea on that problem, as well.
After a few tries, I came to realize the fan was too large if it was sufficient to work in a reasonable amount of time. The bottles worked great, but with a limited amount of gas, and under pressure, weren't sufficiently reliable. The whip turned out to be okay if you were in range of a wall or other metal thing. It also worked if it could wrap around a plastic thing. The grappling magnet was the best. It was also the simplest. All it had was a magnet with a ten pound grip, fishing line, a plastic spring, and a motor, all in a small tube. I recorded a video of me using it to go about the room without pushing off anything, and sent that back with a big thanks, and asked if I could get dressed-up ones for my movie. They loved the idea, and even asked if they could use video clips of me using it in their advertising. I said sure, but clips from the movie, not these test clips.
After six months, we came back down to Earth. While two of the guys had lost some muscle mass, I had maintained mine, and one (Tex) had gained some. The next month, I made numerous appearances, and hinted at a new sci-fi film script in development. While that was happening, Red Horizons was working on my automated versions of my equipment.
I hired a talented scriptwriter I had worked with before, and told him to include three sex scenes in zero gravity. While he was willing to do this, he wasn't sure I could pull it off. So I swore him to secrecy and showed him clips of my research. He was flabbergasted. I told him the set will have the same equipment, but automated to make getting in and out easier, and dressed up in good future colors and designs. I also wanted him to come up with an uncommon plot that needed the sex scenes, and would not otherwise need a lot of Zero-G shots.
I also worked with a particular effects company to design the sets, including the sex sets, but to also come up with a way to shoot without needing a lot of orbital time, or people. They eventually went with a lot of green screens, and minimal props, allowing most of it to be digitally filled in. The biggest risk was that I was doing this movie on my dime. I used my secret production company to front things, but it was my money. Red Horizons gave me a good refund for the space-side set. It was mostly empty space, and it was easy to make it capable of transforming into a useful habitat for the orbital facility we used.
Filipe did most of the casting, including all for the space side. We shot several vacuum scenes underwater, as everyone was in suits, and neutral buoyancy doubled for zero gravity nicely. The green pool walls served nicely for green screens. We shot all the ground side scenes in three weeks. I then released the unneeded cast, and secreted the space-side cast in the training facility. There, we spent two weeks getting everyone ready for space. Finally, the six of us went into orbit. The first two days were orientation and exercise, so everyone would get used to zero gravity. I was the alien captain, and the other two girls were my crew. The men were the crew of the human ship. The aliens were cat-girls, as the makeup time is quick for that, and easily applied. Our tails had sensors that made them move based on our emotions. I had mastered mine, and the other girls usually managed to approximate the needed movement. The biggest problem for me was the fake 'pussy' that had to be applied. Cat-girls have fur, so a smooth one didn't make sense. I did have it shaped like a stylized cat head. The other ladies also had theirs shaped.
The third day was training everyone on the devices. "Folks, here is the reason we are in space. Sex."
Everyone looked at me quizzically. So I grabbed the actor who played the human captain and took him to the first machine. "Stand, with your shoes on those marks, facing the wall." When he did, I called out "Eros, activate male." Suddenly, his booted feet were grabbed solidly. I then got in front of him, dropped my pants, leaned over the device and grabbed the handles. "Eros, activate female." The device shifted below me, and suddenly I was somewhat taut on its surface, and padded hooks curled around my shoulders and thighs holding me secure. "Now drop your pants, and fuck me. Use your arms for leverage by pulling and pushing my hips."
He dropped his pants, and tried it. "Hey, this actually works."
"Yeah, I developed it. Now start pounding me. Find out the limits of the device. You will need to do this on camera, so learn how it works."
He started and soon came. Twice he lost his grip, but with his feet secure, he was able to re-grab me. When he finished, I called out "Eros, release." Suddenly, everything retracted, and we both were able to stand and pull our pants back up. I then pointed to two more of the cast and said, "Your turn." A bit of shuffling later, and they were in position. "Drop your drawers." I waited for them. "Eros, activate." Suddenly they were both restrained. "Have fun." We watched until they came. "Eros, release." They got dressed and returned. I looked at the final pair, and they got in position. When they were finished, we went over to the next one.
I directed my partner to strip, even as I did. Naked, I then placed him on the top. "Raise your arms over your head." He did. "Eros, activate male." A strap snaked out and went around his chest, then pulled tight. Another went around his lower legs. I then positioned myself on top, and my legs went down the sides. "Eros, activate female." Straps went around the upper and lower end of my lower legs. Then my legs were bent, so I was left in a kneeling position. "Fun time." I proceeded to bounce on him, and placed his hands on my breasts. He came shortly. "Eros, release." The process reversed. We got off. "Next." I then got dressed, and so did he.
We took turns on each of the machines several more times. I told them about their development, and how we were founding members of the Zero-G club. But no one is to know until the movie comes out. The next day was a dry run of our lines, and ensuring the cameras were working properly. The next two days we filmed everything. Reviewing the scenes, both the director and I were satisfied. I also thought the way the ladies glided about using the grappler looked cool.
The next day, we departed. Before we left Red Horizons' debriefing room, I had a short talk with each of my cast. I gave them the whammy and told them they cannot talk about this until after the movie comes out. I spent the next day officially turning over the space set to the Red Horizons. I also inquired as to their future plans for their Mars project. They were enthusiastic, but wanted to see how the public took the news of Zero-G sex, before they officially embraced it for their ship. I also gave them the clip I had recorded of my instruction to the girls on the use of the grappler and showing them quickly picking it up. I suggested it could be part of an instruction manual or even a commercial. They thanked me for it.
The next six months would have been torture, but I wound up doing another Nigkala Tale film. Eventually, "Space Pussy" was ready. Only a few select people, including my husband, got to see the initial screening. It passed muster with flying colors. I gave the okay to release the film. I did insist the advertising not show the sex devices or scenes, but I encouraged the mention of real sex in zero gravity. It was released as a summer blockbuster. At first, it didn't do so well, due to some stiff competition. But when the Red Horizons announced tourist trips to their orbital facility with Zero-G sex just like the movie, people realized the sex wasn't special effects. At that time, I sensed Inanna get really busy, and used a lot of power. [I could tell, as my sex drive suddenly doubled. Not that I minded.]
The film started creeping up the charts. When a resort guide sent up a married reporter, the review praised the accommodations, including the sex machines. They mentioned the high price might put it out of reach, but the sex really worked, and was fun. Swiftly the tours sold out, and the film went into high gear. By the time its run was over, it was the third highest grossing film that year. The film later won not only special effects, but also technical achievement for the sex machines and grapplers. The grapplers had by this time become standard equipment for space.
I later learned what Inanna was up to.
But that is another story...