Swimming Pool Fun
I had reluctantly agreed to the swimming challenge, one mile in open water.
All for a good charity but I was going to have to train hard.
A mile in the River Thames: with current, pollution, wind and probably rain. It was twice as hard as a mile in the swimming pool, but my training had to start somewhere.
With only 6 weeks to train and a week in Greece on holiday planned just after the charity swim, it was the perfect way to get in shape.
So, It was a cold Tuesday morning, I packed my things and headed off for the local swimming pool.
It was 30m in length, and today I had intended 20 lengths of the pool, followed by a 5km run.
After accomplishing my distances I headed home pleased I was on the right track.
Similar mornings followed and I gradually increased my distances and looked to reduce my time in ready for my challenge, when I stumbled upon a surprising situation.
After a 45 - minute swim, I sat up in the viewing seats to the side of the swimming pool in order to cool down before I went to the gym.
I noticed one of the changing rooms had someone sitting inside and their legs were facing the changing room adjacent to them. It looked a little odd, as they were tight up against the wall. It looked like they were spying on their neighbour...
I waited to see who would leave first and a young woman left the room next to the room where the suspicious feet were.
As she left, the feet in the adjacent room went back to wandering around and getting changed.
A few minutes later another woman entered the empty changing room to dry and get changed into her clothes.
As this happened, the feet returned to the wall, it was clear this person had the means of spying into the room next door and they had been spying on the two ladies who had previously been in the changing room.
Again, the third changed woman left the cubicle, unaware of what was going on next door, yet the same person remained in the changing room next door, waiting and spying on newcomers.
As I thought about it, a chill ran down my spine and across my tummy. I considered entering the changing room and stripping naked, knowing I was being watched.
As I considered this, an old man opened the changing room door, the 'spying room' and exited the pool. He shuffled guiltily away unaware anyone was aware of his misdemeanours.
I left the pool that day with my mind whirring with possibilities. I had to get into that changing room on a day when he was spying. I wanted to strip for him and see where it led.
For my next training session, a couple of days later, I had planned to look out for the old 'Peeping Tom'.
After swimming around 10 lengths I noticed an older guy enter the cubicle where the pervert was situated the previous day. I swam past and watched beneath the cubicle to see if their feet betrayed them.
Soon, a lady in her thirties entered the cubicle after her swim. I swam past to check out the feet and sure enough the old man was up against the sidewall, staring at the young mum as she changed.
After about 15 minutes the now fully dressed woman left the cubicle, seemingly unaware she had been spied on.
Without delay, I rushed up to the locker where my towel and clothes were, grabbed them and rushed to the now empty cubicle next door to the old spying pervert.
Suddenly aware of what I was doing, I slowly entered the cubicle with my bag of clothes in my hand, feeling very excited.
I sat down in the cubicle and wrapped my towel around me. Looking in the direction of where my watcher might be.
I then noticed his feet moving to the corner where he had perched when watching the previous women.
I was wearing a white bikini swimsuit with small red hearts on the bra and panties.
The bra covered my large 36D breasts adequately but showed a lot of cleavage.
The panties were high enough to be sexy but fully covered my pubic area, which was fully shaved in preparation of the swimming challenge and training regime ahead of me.
Relaxing now and standing in front of the 'spyhole' I pulled a strap over one arm revealing some cleavage. Looking at the floor I turned to my audience and removed the second strap. Looking at what I believed was the spyhole, a hole of around 1cm diameter, I looked directly at the hole and revealed both of my breasts.
Feeling liberated and very horny, I tweaked both nipples with each hand, never taking my stare away from the peephole.
I then slowly pulled my costume down over my tummy and down to my hips. I turned and bent over as I pulled the costume down over my now naked ass, shaking slowly and provocatively to give my viewer a good show.
Enjoying myself I pulled my ass cheeks apart giving a full view of my ass and pussy ensuring my watcher was in no doubt that I knew he was there and that I wanted him to see me.
Seeing his feet still in position I turned to face the hole in the wall with my costume now half way down my legs and my naked pussy directly in front of the hole. Moving closer I stroked my pussy and began to talk sexily into the hole in the wall.
"Would you like to touch me?" I asked.
I then heard the door open and my watcher leave the cubicle.
Wow, I couldn't believe it, just as I was getting horny, my watcher had left!
Frustrated I dressed and left the cubicle, annoyed and wondering what had just happened, I left the pool area and walked to the car park.
Unable to see where my viewer had gone I left the parking area and went home.
A couple of days went by before my next trip to the pool. I swam as normal then waited in the viewing area to see if my peeping tom showed up.
After 20 minutes or so he did. He spent over 45 minutes in the cubicle watching a couple of women undress before he left.
As he did, I followed him out to the parking area. He went to his car to leave his sports bag then went back in to the café area.
I was unable to get his attention so I decided to try something different. I took out a piece of paper and wrote my mobile phone number on it, underneath I drew two kisses and placed the number on his windscreen. If he was curious or suspicious that it might be his stripper then he would call. If not, then he was clearly not interested.
An hour later my phone rang with an unknown number on my screen. I answered the call.
"Hello, Beth speaking." I said.
"Hi there, I found your number on my car at the sports centre today." He said.
"Oh Hi, thank you for calling, how was your swim today?" I asked.
"Yeah, Ok thanks, and you?" he replied, repeating my question.
'"t was good thanks, although It would have been better to have spent some more time in the cubicle today..." I decided to play my card and flirt to get a reaction.
"Oh yes, well, I had to get away but, is it you in the red and white swimming costume?"
"Yes, It is me" I said, "I thought you were enjoying my little show, but then you disappeared."
"I was, very much, but I got a little nervous, I was worried you might be playing some kind of trick on me, to trap me maybe." He replied.
"No, not at all, I was really enjoying stripping for you, thank you for calling me, I was hoping you would" I continued.
"Well thank you for giving me your number, I was hoping it was you. By the way, why did you put your number on my car?" he asked.
"Well, I was hoping you might want to see me again." I said.
"I enjoyed seeing you, but I am an old man and I can't imagine you would be interested in seeing me." he said.
"Well I left my number hoping you would call me, I would like to see you if you are free some time, perhaps we could finish where we left off?" I suggested. "Where are you now?" I asked.
"Actually, I'm just leaving the sports centre." he said.
I told him that my house was only 3 miles from the sports centre, and that I was home alone if he wanted to pop in for a coffee.
"Well I could pop in, but do you really want a perverted old Peeping Tom coming to your house?" He asked, his voice changing and becoming bolder.
I liked the change and encouraged him, "Actually, I'd love an old Peeping Tom to come to my house" I said.
"Really? How do you know he won't get a little excited and make you do things?" he asked.
"I was hoping he might." I offered.
"What if he does things you don't like?" he continued.
"I'll take the chance." I said, not sure of where he was going with this and I gave him my address.
"I'll be there in 10 minutes." he said and put the phone down.
I quickly ran upstairs and put on some sexy black lingerie and a silk white dressing gown on top.
I watched the window to see his car pull up and sure enough, under 10 minutes later he arrived.
I went to the door to let him know he was at the right address.
He came up to the house and greeted me and asked if he could come in.
"Nice to meet you, I'm Beth, come in and get comfortable." I said and closed the door as he walked into the lounge.
He went to the window and closed the curtains and shut the door as I walked in. He was wearing a jacket and baseball cap, which he took off and put on the floor.
Looking around the room he asked if we were alone.
"Yes, we're all alone." I replied, and undid the belt on my dressing gown, revealing my black panties and bra.
Smiling at him I took my dressing gown off but before I could take my bra off he had jumped on me.
He ripped my bra off and squeezed my breasts then he pulled my panties down grabbing at my ass while squeezing my left boob. I tried to stop him but he was too strong and laid on top of me forcing my legs open.
"Open your legs you fucking slut" he said, and he held me down while undoing his trousers.
"I'm gonna fuck you" he said, "Now open your legs and stop squirming."
I tried to fight him off but he was too strong, he turned me over and I could feel his hard cock on the back of my legs as he lay on top of me.
"I'm gonna fuck your whore ass." he said, forcing himself on me.
I put my hands behind my back to cover my ass, but he grabbed them and put them on the floor either side of my head before thrusting his hard cock into my ass.
I screamed as I felt him plunge inside me.
I was face down on the floor with his hands holding mine down, my face in the carpet and I felt his cock thrust deep into my ass.
He fucked me deep and hard there was no escape.
To relieve the pain, I decided to stop tensing and instead I relaxed and opened my ass to him, accepting my fete.
I suddenly felt a pang of pleasure as I spread my ass cheeks to allow him in, giving up the fight.
I pushed my ass out and tried to touch my clit.
"That's it bitch, take my cock." he said as he fucked my ass deeper and harder.
Pulling his cock out of me he sat on top of my chest and forced his cock into my mouth. I coughed and spluttered trying to breathe as he pushed his cock as far down my throat as he could.
He stood up over me and told me to put my tongue out. As I did he lowered himself on top of my face and opened his ass cheeks over my face.
"Lick my ass bitch." he ordered.
As he lowered himself on to me I put my tongue into his ass, licking and sucking at him, tasting him and pushing my tongue deep into his asshole.
Breaking my hands free I grabbed his ass cheeks, opening them and pulling him further into my face so I could get my tongue and face deeper into his ass.
He pulled away and he thrusted his cock back into my mouth, fucking my face hard and deep.
"Fuck I'm gonna cum." he said.
He plunged his cock into my pussy and fucking me hard with his hands around my neck, he filled me with spunk. He took his cock out of my pussy and plunged it into my ass, filling my ass with more of his cum.
When he was empty, he pulled out and pushed two fingers into my pussy dragging out his cum and shoved them into my mouth.
I sucked greedily on his fingers sucking the cum off them as he pushed two fingers into my ass and dragged out more cum which he again pushed deep into my mouth.
I sucked greedily on his fingers licking off all the cum, then put his cock back in my mouth to suck all the cum off his cock.
He pulled his cock out of my mouth and once again pushed his ass over me spreading his cheeks to ensure his asshole covered my mouth.
"Keep sucking my ass." he said, and obeying him I pushed my tongue deep inside him and licked and sucked his ass until he had had enough.
He laid on his back and opened his legs wide, pulling his ass cheeks wide and I spent another few minutes sucking and fingering his asshole until he was ready to cum again.
He jerked off over me and came on the floor as I worked his asshole.
He got up and dressed and left without saying a word.
Putting a finger into my pussy and bringing myself to another orgasm, I lay on the floor licking up his cum and swallowing it as my orgasm intensified.
After resting I took out my laptop and cruised the Craigslist personals ads
After the best fuck I'd had in years I wanted more, so I placed an ad in the personal section for an older guy to come to my house and watch me strip...
To be continued...