A few weeks ago I stopped at a secluded parking lot. A few other cars were there, but nothing seemed to happen. It took me some time to find out other men where gathering around a silver grey car. When I finally got there, I could just see it drive off. A woman with long blond hair at the wheel. Nothing to be seen anymore. Within minutes the parking place was as good as deserted. Such a shame I did not get there earlier.
When I too decided to leave and was on my way out I saw the same silver grey car returning. It was easy to recognize, the taillights where broken. I quickly turned around, parked beside it and got out. I was by far the first to inspect the driver and was not disappointed with the view. She must have
been in her mid thirties. Her body was as good as I hoped it to be. She was on the phone, talking to someone and didn't give me more than a glance, just enough to see who was looking through her slightly opened window. She did see me checking her out, but that didn't bother her. Her summerdress was short enough to see most of her legs and with her free hand she hitched it up to show her shaven pussy. I told her she looked great. She took a second look at me and smiled.
I wasn't the only man enjoying the view. She looked around, spoke in the phone and started to stroke her pussy, inserting one of her fingers. I asked her if she could bare a breast. At first she didn't, she seemed disturbed or annoyed. But a few seconds later she closed her eyes and kind of reluctantly took her fingers form her vagina to free one of her breasts. She licked her shining finger and played with her nipple. Then she opened her eyes again to see a whole group enjoying her show, looking at her blatant exhibitionism. Without as much as a blink she continued, staring at the anonymous faces surrounding her car.
A minute or two later she suddenly looked up again as if her cellphone woke her out of a trance. Her eyes searched around. "Will you come with me", she asked looking me into my eyes. "Just you, none of the others." Who was I to say no. I agreed to follow her in my car. We drove for a while until we stopped in a park. We both got out of our cars and took a path to a semi secluded spot between a tennisfield and some trees. Her right breast was as bare as before. She had not covered up although we had driven through a well lit part of town. She also still was on the phone, holding it to her left ear without speaking into it.
She positioned herself under a lamppost and I started licking and sucking her breast. They were a good handful with the medium sized nipples I love best. With my free hand I grabbed her buttocks. Lifting her dress up so I could see them. That precise moment a man came up the path, walking his dog. She quickly covered herself. He apologized himself with a smile. He didn't want to disturb us, he said, and went along looking back once or twice. We just smiled too and when he disappeared between the trees went on where we had stopped. I took my chances with her breasts while she undid my trousers, taking my dick out and stroking it. I let one hand slide between her legs. From the hand holding the phone she took a condom and handed it over. We were going all the way.
There we were: my dick inside her bald pussy, franticly fucking under a lamppost in a park. With both hands I grabbed her buttocks, with my tongue I licked her bare breasts, holding her nipples between my teeth. She hung around my neck with one arm, the other one holding the phone at some distance. It seemed like I lasted a quarter of an hour, although it can't have been more than five minutes before I lost my control and came thrusting as deep as I could inside her pussy shaking her breasts before my eyes.
We dressed again and walked to our cars. I thanked her. She thanked me and asked my name. I stupidly forgot to ask her hers. It also took me some days to understand the role of the phone. She held it in such a position that the built-in camera was able to cover all. I had been set up to give a show. The pleasure had not been mine alone.