Authors Notes: I know I said chapter 4 would be the last chapter in this story, but, I've received a ton of emails asking me to write more. There will be one more chapter after this one -- to close out this story for good. So here it is -- the beginning of the end. I know it's horribly long, please forgive me for that, but there was a lot to tell before the big ending comes. Also, I owe a debt of gratitude to a special someone that was my inspiration for this story. Words can not express my feelings, adoration and heartfelt thanks.
+++++++++++
Over the next nine months, Sharron and I explored the boundaries of our friendship and our new Clothed Female -- Nude Male relationship together. Honestly, I have to say it was nothing short of incredible and breathtaking. Sharron was a perfect and considerate host during my naked visits to her condo - she went to great lengths to make me feel at home - and each time, I enjoyed it more and more.
I ended up spending one CFNM weekend a month with Sharron. Each weekend, we would start out the same way; she would meet me at the door, let me in and then let me give her a nice long hug. I would gently pull her into me, anticipating the feel of her breasts against my chest as we hugged. She would allow me to hold her for as long as I wanted, taking in the fragrance of her hair or her perfume as we hugged. My hands would travel across her back, always hoping to discover that she wasn't wearing a bra, but I was never that lucky. Sometimes, I would maneuver my hands to her side and try to inch them under her arms to sneak a feel of the sides of her breasts. She would usually allow my hands to get close enough to barely brush her boobs before she pulled away and smiled knowingly at me.
Then, she would walk directly to her couch, make herself comfortable and have me stand in front of her. There, neither of us said a word as I proceeded to strip naked while she watched. Most times, I would have an erection before I had my shirt off, but if I wasn't hard by the time I was naked, she took great joy in taking my softness in her hands and massaging me until I was hard as stone. I just loved watching the expression on her face as she transformed my penis into a pulsating, throbbing erection - she seemed to enjoy doing it as much I enjoyed her doing it.
When I was naked and hard, she would carefully fold my clothes, hand them to me, and ask me to put my clothes 'away'. Then, as was our custom, I would walk to the wooden chest she bought just for this purpose, open the top and place my clothes inside. Each week, I ceremoniously locked the chest with the open padlock she hung from the latch, effectively putting my nakedness at her mercy until she unlocked the padlock before I went home at the end of the weekend. We both knew the padlock wasn't really necessary, but, it was a symbolic act on my part to tell her I was ready and willing to be her naked man - at her beck and call -- to do what ever she wanted for the whole weekend.
Once my clothes were locked away, she would sometimes have me stand in front of her and turn around. Reaching around my body, she would grasp my cock in her hands and press her chest against my back while she stroked me. Ever so lightly, she rubbed her breasts against me from side to side while she moved her hands up and down my cock and I would melt into the feeling -- closing my eyes and swooning at her closeness. In my mind, I always begged that she wouldn't stop, but she got so good at sensing my arousal, she would stop and let go of my penis when she knew I was approaching orgasm. Sharron knew just the right thing to say, or do, to bring me to the edge of an explosion and then she would stop. She became a master at making my nakedness feel so normal and good to me, telling me how much she liked my cock and how beautiful it was. Every CFNM weekend was a boost to my ego and I never once regretted my decision to completely bare myself to her.
At the end of the very first weekend, we decided the time had gone too quickly. So after that, I began to arrive at her condo on Friday evening and left to go home either late Sunday night, or early Monday morning. The rules were few and simple: I was to remain naked at all times unless she requested I wear something. In that event, she would go to the wooden chest and retrieve what she wanted me to wear, or she would simply hand me something and tell me to put it on. By my second visit, she'd purchased a few embarrassing things she wanted me to wear for her, including a collection of men's thongs, mesh t-shirts and some amazing silk briefs with a sleeve hanging out the front to hold my cock. Oh, man, when I wore those briefs for her, my cock would stick out lewdly making me feel more on display than when I was naked. Jokingly, she named them my "Elephant Undies" because my silk-wrapped erection would stick out in front of me when I wore them.
We agreed that I wouldn't try to hide myself in any way, either soft, hard, front or back, which also meant I had to resign myself to constantly be on display to her. Along with that, she could touch me anywhere, at any time and without asking. Sharron realized pretty quickly that she needed to have tissues handy at all times since her touching almost always produced a few drops of precum at the tip of my member. I laughed at the way she would cradle my hardness in one hand as she wiped the tip of my penis with the tissue.
There were restrictions for me, however, in that I could only touch my genitals if she was watching. She was understanding and gracious about letting me masturbate, though, especially during those times when I would get constant erections throughout the day or night. Many times, she would offer to finish me off by hand and a few times she actually took me in her mouth and let me cum down her throat.
And, Sharron would tease me incessantly. Some of it was blatant and obvious, and some of it was subtle. Sometimes she would wear a certain perfume she knew would make my cock as hard as steel. Sometimes she would dress in demure ways but wear her hair in a way I told her looked sexy, and sometimes she would wear just a t-shirt and her panties. Sometimes she was lady-like and modest, and sometimes it was evident she was intentionally trying to dress seductively. But, I was never chastised for looking at her. I think she was excited to see the way she affected me. But, a lot changed after one of our long talks one Friday night -- perhaps I said too much because she learned many things about me she didn't know before.
Let me explain. You see, typically Friday nights were relaxing evenings for us. We would usually watch a movie or just sit and talk on her couch while we shared a bottle of wine. More often than not, her hand would eventually find its way into my lap and she would casually fondle my cock or my balls, or I might masturbate myself lazily while we talked and she watched. It was during one of those Friday nights that Sharron decided she wanted to play a game.
"Let's each write down twenty questions to ask each other," Sharron explained, "then I'll pick a number and you can ask me the question that goes with that number." She went on to tell me we would take turns picking a number and answering a question. We had to answer the question fully and truthfully - asking a few questions now and saving the rest for another time.
Soon, we both had written down our questions and she volunteered to pick a number and answer a question first. "Okay," I said, "pick a number."
"Thirteen!" She exclaimed. "That's my lucky number. Ask away."
I looked down my page and read to myself the question I wrote for number thirteen. After reading it, I grimaced and looked up at her. "You sure?" I asked. "That one is kind of a personal question." I warned.
"I don't care." She replied. "Wait 'till you hear some of mine!" She said, giggling.
"Well, okay, if you insist," I began, "but, remember you have to answer fully and truthfully."
"I will," she answered, "read me the question."
I took a deep breath and asked "Do you ever think about having sex with me?"
She let go of my cock and pulled her hand into her own lap and stared at me. I knew I had caught her off guard and immediately wished I would have switched the questions and asked something else, but, after a second she said "Can I get a clarification?"
I told her she could and then she asked "Do you mean just having sex -- as in just 'fucking', or do you mean 'making love'?"
"Both." I answered.
"Alright," she said, "honestly, the answer to both is 'Yes'". She went on to explain that the idea of making love with me left her with too much fear that she would fall in love with me, and she knew that would most certainly end up going bad and then we wouldn't be friends any more. "On the other hand," she added, "I totally love that beautiful cock of yours. I can't even begin to tell you how much it turns me on to see it and touch it. And if I thought we could have sex without YOU falling in love with me again, I would be constantly having sex with you. But to answer your question..... yes, after that one time we did it, I would love to fuck you again..... I've thought about it a lot. More than a lot, actually."
I started to ask her to explain that last statement, but she stopped me saying I could only ask one question at a time, and it was now my turn to pick a number and answer one of her questions. Well, fair is fair I guess. "Alright," I replied, "give me number five."
Now, I figured she had some personal questions on her list, and I knew I was eventually going to have to answer one, but I didn't think she was going to clobber me with a huge personal question right off the bat. I couldn't have been more wrong.
"You told me once that you think about me when you masturbate," she began, half giggling, "I want you to tell me exactly what you think about."
Looking back, I realize now that she listened to my answer very closely and used every bit of it against me during our subsequent CFNM weekends. Well, maybe not 'against me' per say, but when I answered her question, she learned what it was that turned me on and she exploited that information to the hilt. She didn't miss any details, either - it's like she committed what I said to memory and then found ways to put it all into action in the way she teased and excited me when I was over there.
I have to admit that telling her what I thought about when I jacked-off could have been a disastrous experience. But, it wasn't. Quite the contrary, in fact. I told her all of the seriously wicked and kinky things that went through my head when I thought about her as I stroked my cock - and she didn't act shocked or surprised at all. She mostly sat there and listened to me, taking it all in. And once I got over my initial hesitation, I couldn't stop myself. I actually enjoyed telling her everything and I felt very secure in the knowledge she wasn't going to hold any of it against me. And yes, I told her absolutely everything -- and in explicit detail, too.
It was incredibly exciting to sit naked next to her and describe in detail how I dreamed about her hanging her breasts over my face so I could suckle them while I beat my meat. I told her I dreamed about her sitting on my face and wiggling her little pussy down on my mouth. She didn't flinch when I told her I fantasized about having her in a doggie position on her bed while I licked and sucked her from behind for hours on end. When I emphasized the fact that I wanted to lick and suck her 'everywhere', her eyebrows perked up and she smiled, but she didn't show any shock.
The only real reactions I got was when I told her I visualized her laying naked on her bed with her knees pulled way up and her fingers playing with her pussy while I watched. She laughed at me when I told her that, saying, "Don't hold your breath on that one." But when I told her I'd contemplated how much fun it would be to shave her pussy bald, she giggled and warned me that she might shave me 'down there'!
So, as I sat there, I literally confessed all my carnal desires to her while my cock strained, dripped and throbbed during the whole conversation. Little did I know that Sharron would use all the information I was telling her each week to keep me titillated, excited, aroused and erect.
But, our game of Twenty Questions worked both ways, too. I learned that she had a deep interest and fascination with my cock. Not only because it was bigger than others she'd seen and held, but because she could see it and feel it without any strings attached. I also learned that she was self-conscious about her body. She couldn't, and wouldn't admit she was cute, or sexy. She felt her boobs weren't pretty and she thought her butt wasn't perfect. I tried in vain to tell her she was stone-cold-beautiful, but, there was no convincing her. For nine out of ten men, she was a wet dream come true -- a walking fantasy -- a truly pretty and sexy woman.
Through the game, we embarrassingly learned that both of us had some degree of bi-curiosity. We also learned that we shared a fascination about being tied up and giving or receiving a spanking. We both admitted an interest and fear of anal play. I got her to tell me her favorite sexual activity and I told her mine. We both liked the idea of experimenting with two sex partners at once, but neither of us had ever done it. All in all, we shared our sexual thoughts, desires and fantasies with each other, content to know our secrets were safe with the other. Short of the one time where we actually had sex with each other, it was the hottest two hours we ever shared together.
On Saturdays, Sharron would always plan a weekend project for us to do together. More often than not, it was cleaning her condo. We would go from room to room where we dusted, cleaned and vacuumed. One time, we painted her bedroom and another time we wallpapered her hallway. While we worked on those projects, we listed to music CDs or talked about stuff that was going on in our lives. But throughout the day, she always took frequent liberties to feel me up or stroke me. Many times, she was content to sit and watch me work naked. We had long, deep conversations about the most nebulous topics one can imagine interspersed with an occasional hand job from her, or me outright masturbating myself in front of her.
I was never allowed to touch her unless she asked me to, and that didn't happen for a long, long time. Actually, it wasn't until the Saturday evening of my fifth CFNM weekend. Sharron told me she wanted to take a shower so she could wash her hair. Before I could catch myself, I asked her if I could wash it for her.
She chuckled. "Yeah, right," she said, "you just want to see me naked."
"No, my dear," I corrected her, "I was only trying to pamper you a little. You could relax and I'll take care of everything. I'll wash your hair, massage your scalp and put conditioner in. I promise I won't touch you anywhere you don't want me to touch; you have my word on that. And besides, by now don't you think I've earned the privilege of seeing you naked?"
Sharron crooked her head and gave me a slight smile. "You know," she replied, "you're right. You've been such a good boy, Brad, and I know I can trust you. So, yeah..... this might even be fun. I could do with a little pampering tonight."
I think she knew how much this gesture meant to me, because she took me by the hand and led me to her hall closet where she asked me to get three clean towels down. As I reached up to the shelf to grab them, her hand found its way to my erection and she pumped me for a few seconds until I had the towels pulled down and cradled against my chest. Then, closing the closet door, she held onto my cock and pulled me along beside her as we made our way into her hall bathroom.
"You know," she said, "I was going to shave my legs tonight. If you really want to pamper me, maybe I should let you do that, too. What do you think, Brad? Do you want the job of being my personal bath assistant?"
"Holy Fuck!" I thought. My brain exploded with a million visions of bathing her and I felt another hundred pounds of pressure build up inside my throbbing penis. Never in a thousand years did I expect her to ask me that question. I didn't even expect her to let me wash her hair - and now here she was asking if I would be her bath assistant. Perhaps my good conduct in the proceeding months was about to pay off big time!
"Are you serious?" I asked.
"Of course." She answered. "I think as part of your CFNM duties, you should be required to perform any personal service I might want. Just remember to keep yourself in line and don't do anything to make me regret letting you do this. Okay?"
"No problem." I replied.
So, I spent the next hour and a half in the bathroom with her - living the most incredible experience one can imagine. First, Sharron let me undress her. My hands were actually shaking as I removed each piece of clothing from her angelic body. When I removed her bra and her bare boobs were right in front of me, I reached down and subconsciously started to stroke myself. She halted me immediately by reaching out and stopping my hand, telling me I shouldn't touch myself when I was bathing her. As I took my hand off my pole, Sharron giggled and whispered "Of course, that doesn't mean I can't touch it." She gave me a few strokes and then told me to get on with it.
And get on with it I did! I kneeled down in front of her to pull her shorts down and she stepped out of them. As she stood there in her panties, I put my hands on her hips and leaned forward to plant light kisses her all around her belly button. She was fine with that, but when my kisses started going lower and reached the top of her panties, she put her hands on my head and stopped me.
"Hold on there, tiger." She warned. "You're supposed to be getting me undressed for a bath and pampering me, remember?"
I looked up at her -- and in my sweetest voice begged, "Please, Sharron. Just for a minute? You know damn well what this is doing to me. Please?"
"Okay, Brad," she answered, "no tugging on Mr. Winkie, though. I was thinking I might want to take a ride on him tonight, and if I do, I want him exploding inside of me, not inside of your hand!"
With that, Sharron spread her legs and allowed me to press my face into her panty encased pussy. At first, I nuzzled my nose between her legs and took in her scent. She was obviously excited, and as my tongue began to run up and down the silky material covering her vagina, I moved my hands behind her, clutched the cheeks of her bottom and pulled myself into her as deeply as she would allow.
She let me kiss, lick and sniff her on the outside of her panties for a minute and then said, "I think that's about enough, Brad." But, just as she said it, my tongue found her clit through her panties and I sucked on it. Then, instead of making me stop, she surprisingly pulled my head tighter into her crotch. Seeing an opportunity take this further, I slipped one of my hands between her legs, moved the crotch of her panties aside and then immediately slipped my tongue between her pussy lips. "Oh," she moaned, "that feels really good."
My hands went to her hips and I pulled her panties all the way down to give me more room to lick her. Stepping out of her panties, she reached down to her pussy and held her lips apart to give my tongue better access to the treasure between her legs.
"Now, I'm really going to pamper you." I said looking up at her. "I've dreamed about licking your pussy and making you cum. Just relax and let me pleasure you."
I began to make long, slow strokes with my tongue up and down her girl spot as she held it open for me. Her clit was poking out of its hood as she stretched her lips apart, so when I licked up to the top of her slit, I sucked Sharron's clit into my mouth and diddled it with my tongue. After another minute, I moved one of my hands between her legs again and slipped one finger slowly up into her pussy and wiggled it around.
"Oh, yes! Right there!" She groaned when my finger found her g-spot and began to massage it. "That feels really good.... right there!"
I tried to go slow and drag it out as long as possible. Hell, could you blame me? I didn't know if I would ever get another chance to munch away at her pretty pussy. But, either Sharron had a hair trigger, or I licked and sucked her exactly the way she liked it because in only a couple of minutes, she was ready to cum. "I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum!" She moaned. And all of a sudden, like someone lit off a stick of dynamite, she yelled "Aaaaaahhhhhhh!"
I took my finger out of her pussy and held her by the hips until she settled down and caught her breath. While she regained her composure, I stared into her pussy -- memorizing the way it looked so I could recall it the next time I masturbated. All the while, I hoped this wouldn't be the last time I got to see her this intimately.
My dick was throbbing to the point where it was hurting. I needed some relief -- I needed to cum. But, remembering her words from earlier, I fought off the urge to touch myself and stood up to hold her. When I did, I bent my cock down and maneuvered it between her legs so it rubbed up lengthwise between her pussy lips. "Oh, Gawd!" she moaned. "Brad, oh Gawd!"
I rubbed her pussy with my cock while I held her, feeling her now hardened nipples poking into my chest. Holding her tightly while I sawed my cock back and forth between her legs, she began to gasp and finally said "You don't know how bad I want to feel you inside me right now."
Taking a risk, I reached down and hooked my hands under her butt and literally picked her up and pulled her legs around me until she hooked them together behind my back. Then, moving my hands back under her behind, I lifted her up until her vagina was hovering above my cock - and I held her there. "You want to feel it in you?" I inquired.
Starring at each other, it was as if time stopped while I waited for her answer. Finally, I didn't wait any longer, and I lowered her slowly until I felt my cock nudge against her vulva and then I stopped again. "Yes or no?" I asked.
The look in her eyes was priceless. Here I was holding her -- supporting her weight -- with her pussy just a fraction of an inch from sliding down on top of my hardness. Then, her expression changed and she tightened her arms around my neck, buried her face into my neck and answered "Yes."
I adjusted my hands under her butt feeling for the sides of her pussy, and when I found her lips, I pulled them apart, and shifted around until I knew my cock was at the entrance of her vagina. Then slowly, I lowered her down onto my cock. As I did, Sharron moaned into my neck as all eight inches of my throbbing member began to slide into her. When it was finally all the way in, I lifted her up an inch or two and then gently thrust up into her.
"Oh, yes," she gasped, "I can feel you all the way inside me.... filling me. Fuck me now, Brad. Come on, baby, give it to me."
I knew I couldn't comfortably hold her weight much longer so I stepped toward the tub and told her to reach up and take hold of the shower bar. Once she did, it was much easier to hold her weight in my arms and I began to slide my cock in and out of her pussy. It was an amazing sight, watching her breasts jiggling in time with my pistoning cock. Her pussy lips were stretched open, grasping my cock tightly as I slid all the way into her womanhood.
"Crack!" We heard. It was the sound of the shower bar, under the stress of her weight, about to come loose from the wall.
I shifted under her to get a better grip under her bottom, prepared to take her weight again in my hands -- and told her to let go of the shower bar. When she did, I turned and carried her -- still impaled on my cock, to her bedroom where I carefully bent down and laid her on her bed. I was going to pull out, figuring I'd lost my chance, but, she hooked her ankles together tightly behind my back and looked up at me saying, "Don't stop now, Brad. I want to feel you all the way in me. Do it, baby," she urged, "come on.... fuck me."
I leaned into her and pushed my cock in. As I did, she lifted her knees to her chest and opened her legs wide. Looking down, I saw the pinkness of her pussy stretched open as I fucked her. Her eyes were closed and her head was rolling side to side in time with my thrusts. I reached out to grab her ankles, holding them up and out while I fucked her pussy. Gawd, it was good. She was a goddess, and she was lying on her back with her legs open letting me lay the meat to her.
"Sharron, touch yourself, would you?" I asked. "Can you play with your pussy while I fuck you?"
She looked up at me and smiled a little grin as her hands moved down between her legs. As they got closer to her pussy, she stopped. "Sharron," I said, "you've been watching me do it for weeks. Come on," I begged, "let me watch you play with yourself."
Her hands continued down to her pussy and she started to touch her clit with her finger. My pace increased and I started thrusting into her as deeply as I could. "Oh, yeah," I moaned, "that's nice. I love watching you do that."
With one hand, she held herself open so I could see her perfectly while her other hand played with her clit. I was starting to get so close to cuming now - the vision of her masturbating and holding her pussy open for me to see was just too much. I could feel it starting to build down deep in my loins - I knew I was going to blow before long and I told her. "I'm gonna cum soon. Do you want me to pull out?
"No way, baby! Fuck me." Sharron moaned. "Cum in me. I want to feel you cum inside me."
I was in a state of euphoria, looking down at the woman of my fantasies. She was begging me to fuck her and asking me to cum inside her. Her pussy was splayed open and between what I saw going on between her legs and her tits jiggling in time with my thrusts, I completely lost it.
"I'm cuming," I groaned, "I'm cuming."
"Come on baby, shoot your cum in me!" She cried.
I tried to squeeze my orgasm back as long as I could, but, it didn't work. The first jolt hit me hard, causing me to shudder and recoil as my cock erupted inside her. As my hot cum splashed inside her womb, she moaned and started to thrash under me. "Gawd! I can feel it. Come on, fuck me. Harder! Harder!"
My orgasm seemed to last forever, and during it, I slammed into her time after time like a wild man, bucking into her until I was totally spent and out of breath.
I finally let go of her ankles and fell down over her, barely able to hold myself up. She reached up and pulled me down to her with my cock still lodged inside her pussy, and she kissed me. I mean she seriously kissed me.... like a lover's kiss.
"That was unbelievable!" She said excitedly as she broke the kiss. "Did you get off on that?" She asked. "Did you get off on seeing me touch my pussy for you? Just like in your jack off fantasy?"
"You looked so beautiful doing that!" I answered. "Thank you, Sharron. I mean it, really.... Thank you."
"Okay, now you can do something for me." Sharron replied, pushing me off her and rolling out from under me. "Lie down, Brad. I want you to make me cum again."
My cock wasn't completely soft yet, but, it wasn't hard enough for her to ride me so I was a little confused. I was about to ask her to let me rest for a while so I could get it up again, but, before I knew it, she was moving over me, turning around and the next thing I knew, she was straddling me in a sixty-nine position about to sit her just fucked pussy right down on my face.
"Didn't you say you fantasized about me sitting on your face?" She asked, as she stopped with her pussy just an inch or so above my mouth. "Yes or no, Brad."
There was no reason for me to answer. I simply reached up and pulled her hips down and began licking. I didn't care, and it didn't matter that her pussy was filled with my cum. Right now, all I wanted was Sharron's pussy on my face.
I started by kissing her wet lips, but soon I couldn't hold myself back and thrust my tongue into her and began to suck and lick her with passion. Sharron was trying to stay motionless on top of me, but, as I sucked her pussy she started to squirm and it was hard to keep my mouth on her. A moment later, I felt her grasp my cock in her hand and then felt the warmth of her mouth close around it.
It was funny, but the one thing that stood out in my mind was that she was sucking my cock.... the cock that had just been deep inside her and it was certainly covered with her own pussy juice. Yet, Sharron didn't seem to be holding back. In fact, from what I could tell, she was taking me deeply into her mouth, undoubtedly tasting the mixture of my cum and her juices.
Needless to say, I was impressed, and not wanting her to think I was one of those guys that had some kind of phobia about going down on their partner after intercourse, I focused my attention on her vagina and happily licked and sucked her thoroughly, dedicating myself to making her cum again.
I knew I had deposited a huge load of sperm up into her, but I couldn't discern anything unusual as I licked and sucked her pussy. Maybe it was because my only goal was to make her cum, or maybe it was because I didn't have any guilt or shame about what I was doing.
So, I went to work licking her everywhere I could, nibbling her clit and thrusting my tongue up into her pussy. She stopped sucking my cock and just held it tightly while I made love to her vagina with my tongue. I heard her moan a lot and she said something to me, but I couldn't understand what she was saying so I just kept eating her. Along the way, she started huffing and puffing and I felt her legs shake, so I backed off her clit a little. When she started to relax, I sucked her clit into my mouth and she started to moan again. I did this three or four times, bringing her close and then backing off -- giving her a taste of her own medicine.... teaching her a lesson for teasing me so much.
Finally, no matter what I did, she seemed to be getting closer and closer to orgasm. I figured I might as well finish her off -- so, covering her clit and pussy with my mouth, I concentrated on driving as much feeling into her pussy as I could by working on her clit and flicking it back and forth with my tongue. In an instant, she started to buck wildly on top of my face, almost out of control. At first, I wasn't sure if she was cuming or still getting close, but, when I felt the flood of her sweet pussy juice flooding over me, I knew she was in the middle of a strong orgasm.
In a million years, I could never explain to you how satisfying it was to see her lose control and cum that hard. There was no pretense to it. There was no modesty. This was pure sexual gratification that overtook her in such a volume that she had no choice other than to give in and let it consume her.
Finally, she slumped over, completely exhausted -- gasping to catch her breath. Perhaps it was cruel, but I smiled to myself in the knowledge that I could make her cum this hard. It was true poetic justice..... I had known for years that I could make her feel things she never felt before, and I was right. And now, she knew it, too.
She rested for a good five minutes slumped over me. As she lay there, her hips elevated a little so I got to enjoy the close up view of her drenched and satisfied pussy as it hovered a few inches above my face. The light was perfect and I studied the way the different shades of pink blended together inside her inner lips and down through the throat of her vagina. Her clit was very dainty, but with her lips pulled apart like they were, it proudly poked out and while I wanted to reach out and suck on it again, I didn't because I knew she would be ultra sensitive there after such a moving cum. Not surprisingly at all, there were no visible traces of the huge blast of sperm I deposited inside her. Hmm, imagine that.
Sharron finally lifted up and rolled off me. Her hair was a mess and her face was red and flushed. Her chest was covered with a sexual blush that couldn't be missed. "Whew." She said as she brushed the hair out of her face.
I waited for her to say something resembling "Thank You", but, she only sat there glossy eyed looking at me. She reached over and put her hands on my cock, which was hard again from gazing up into her pussy so close to my face. Slowly, she bent down and kissed its head then licked a small drop of cum from the tip.
"I'm ready for my bath now." She said quite plainly, and then she rose up off the bed and walked out of the room.
I laid there in complete shock as I watched her leave. In the few seconds that I remained behind, I wondered if I had done something wrong or if it wasn't as good for her as I thought. "Fuck!" I cursed to myself.
When I walked into the bathroom, Sharron was bending over into the tub about to turn on the water. "Hey," I spoke up, "let me do that."
When she straightened up, I squeezed past her and I could just barely make out that her eyes were pink and her cheeks were wet. Was she crying? She turned away from me and busied herself at the bathroom sink while I adjusted the running water and tested it several times with my hand. I didn't know what else to do, so I just gave her some time while I watched the tub fill up. When the tub was about half full, I turned around and she was standing there, in all her naked beauty, watching me. My eyes glanced down to her still wet pussy and I could see her distended clit poking out between her lips at the top of her slit. Even standing still, she was an amazingly beautiful woman and unbelievably sexy.
She didn't say a word as she stepped past me and got into the tub, arranging herself so I could wash her hair from where I was outside the bath tub. Silently, I went through the process of rinsing her hair first, then lathering and massaging, rinsing and lathering again. All the while, her eyes were closed and she didn't make a sound. I had ample time to stare down at her breasts and her nipples, but, I got the feeling from her silence that something was horribly wrong.
I applied conditioner in her hair and let it sit for a few minutes. While we waited, I looked around in her bathroom and found her shaver so I could shave her legs. There was a can of shaving cream on the ledge inside the tub, but having seen a bottle of Intensive Care Lotion on her vanity, I elected to reach for that, instead.
I used the Intensive Care Lotion to shave her legs. When I started, she looked at me like I didn't know what I was doing, but, I just kept on. Still, she hadn't said a word to me and I had this sinking feeling she was definitely regretting letting me bathe and shave her.
I felt like I needed to say something, so as I slid the razor down her calf, I told her how I'd read that using the lotion, instead of shave cream, would produce a much closer and smoother shave with no irritation. Still, she didn't speak to me at all.
As I shaved her legs, she held them up out of the water for me and ran her hands across the areas I was finished with. I'm not saying I didn't peek between her legs while I was shaving her, because I did. And, Sharron noticed me looking, but she didn't make any moves to obstruct my view. While I was finishing her second leg, she was spread open so much I could clearly see the folds of pink between her labia. Catching me staring at her femininity, she finally spoke to me, saying "If you nick me because you're not paying attention to what you're doing, this will be the last time I let you do this."
I felt like a scolded dog after hearing her warning, but when I looked up at her face, she was wearing a slight smile and I took heart in the fact that maybe she wasn't mad at me, after all. I asked her if she wanted me to shave her pussy, but she shook her head to tell me no. I would have genuinely loved to do that for her -- I'm sure she probably knew it, too.
Soon, we let the water out of the bathtub and she told me to get in with her, close the shower curtain and turn the shower on. I didn't realize how cramped we would be in her tub/shower, but she didn't ask me to get out, so as the shower ran I picked up the soap and asked her to turn around so I could wash her back.
She propped herself up against the shower wall as I soaped her body one area at a time. I washed her everywhere except her breasts and feminine areas. God knows, I didn't want to push my luck and go right for her tits or pussy, but once she saw that I was avoiding her private areas, she told me it was okay to wash there, too.
Bravely, I reached my hands up to her breasts and started to wash them. Truthfully, this was the first time I had really held her orbs in my hands. They were soft and perfect. I ran my fingers over her nipples and felt them jump to attention at my touch. There was no other reaction from her -- no pulling back or telling me to stop - so I kept touching her there, lingering longer than I actually needed to.
At last, I finally got a reaction from her that I liked. She reached down and took my cock in her hands and held it. She didn't jerk me, or stroke me -- she just held my elongated package as I washed her breasts.
Without saying anything, I moved to her side and put my hand down between her legs to wash her pussy. At the same time, my other hand went behind her to wash her bottom. As I gently washed her pussy lips with one hand, my other hand was slipping between her butt cheeks until I felt her other hole. Very slowly and tentatively, I washed both places in unison. Her eyes were closed now, and I took a chance that she was enjoying what I was doing, so in a bold move, I moved my soapy finger between her butt cheeks and pressed my fingertip against her rosebud.
A quick intake of breath escaped her mouth as my fingertip barely slipped into her. Sharron's eyes were still closed, but she hadn't pulled away, so I pulled my fingertip out, ran it around her opening and pushed it in again, this time a little deeper. At the same time, I ran the soapy fingers of my other hand up and down her slit, playing with her clitoris.
Her hand rose to grasp my shoulder and she shuffled her feet further apart. I took this as an invitation and her permission to go further, so I kept touching her -- front and back. Each time I pulled my finger out of her backside, I got fresh soap on it and put it back in, only a little deeper each time. Soon, I had most of my finger in her butt. She hadn't stopped me -- there was no pulling away or tightening up, but I didn't give her any reason to be afraid or concerned, either. I went very slowly and I was sure she wasn't feeling any discomfort.
Once my finger was comfortably in her bottom, I began to concentrate my other hand on gently stroking her pussy. She leaned into me, resting all her weight against me as I masturbated her pussy and probed her most secret place with my soapy finger. After a minute, I realized she was panting lightly and I knew then she was getting off on it. I didn't want to risk any fear that I was going to hurt her bottom, so I just let my finger stay inside her where it was and continued to play with her pussy and clit.
Before long, she was swaying side to side while she leaned against me. I though I felt her try to wiggle down on my finger a little more and when she did it a second time, I pressed my finger up into her bottom until she spoke. "There." She moaned softly. "Hmmm. That's nice. Just leave it right there."
I kept stroking her pussy up and down until she was moaning again. She was getting a little louder each time and when she started to shake I knew she was on the verge of another climax. I kept it slow, though, and let her press against my hand in her pussy to control the pressure and create the feeling she wanted. Soon, she grunted and fell into me, shaking in my arms as she came.
As soon as she was finished cuming, I carefully and slowly slid my finger out of her butt and removed my hand from her pussy. Wrapping my arms around her body, I held her to me and turned her into the warm water and let it silently beat down on her back as we stood together.
We stayed like that for a long time. Soon, Sharron turned into me fully, pressing her breasts into me and laid her cheek on my chest. I took the liberty of rubbing her back and stroking her hair, as if I was holding my lover. After a few minutes I realized she was quietly crying. There were no big hiccups, and no heaving -- but there were tears running down her face and even though we were in the shower, I could see her tears.
"Sharron, you're crying. Did I do something wrong?" I asked. "Did I hurt you?"
She shook her head back and forth to tell me 'No'. "What's wrong then?" I asked.
"Nothing." she answered. "I'll tell you later. Let me wash you now." She replied.
With that, she pulled away from me and looked up into my eyes. She really had been crying. Her eyes were obviously red and wet. Instantly, my heart went out to her and all I wanted to do was kiss away what ever made her sad and make everything better. But, she smiled at me, took the soap in her hands and began to rub it all over my chest. I was quiet as I watched her methodically wash me -- she wasn't in any hurry and I enjoyed the feeling of her dainty hands and soft touch skimming over my body.
When she was done with my chest, she soaped her hands up and reached down toward my cock. Tenderly, she washed my balls, cupping them carefully as she bent down to see what she was doing. Then, moving to my rod, she stroked me with a soapy hand, cleaning my cock of our combined sex juices from earlier.
Glancing up at me, she smiled and stood to my side, just as I had done with her. Never letting go of my cock, she ran her soapy fingers between the cheeks of my ass until her finger came to rest in direct contact with my bottom hole. She paused for a moment and as I looked over at her, I knew exactly what she was going to do. Sure enough, just as I had done, she slowly pressed her fingertip in and held it there. My cock lurched in her hand and she giggled. As our eyes locked together, her finger slipped in deeper causing my cock to jerk again inside her grasp.
"You must like this." She said. "Does it feel good when I touch you there?" Sharron asked.
"I think so." I answered. "Just go slow, would you?"
Like I had done, she started to masturbate me with one hand while her other hand played with my butt. She was slow and gentle, thankfully. I felt each fraction of an inch as her finger worked its way into me until I felt the palm of her hand flat against my butt cheeks.
I wasn't sure if I was embarrassed or thankful. Yeah, okay it did feel a little good. Alright...... maybe it felt more than a little good. But, I didn't want to admit it. That wouldn't be very manly, now would it? And, what would she think if I told her it felt great?
I think she could read the fear in my eyes, and perhaps wanting to spare me any further embarrassment, she didn't say anything more as she slowly stroked my cock and gently probed my southern border. I was just getting into the feel of her soapy finger in my butt and her fist sliding up and down my erect member when she stopped. "I don't want to wear you out," she informed me, "if I'm going to use this thing later, I probably should let you rest for a while."
Good thing she stopped, too. Between what she was doing in front -- and the unusual, but pleasurable feeling from her finger in back, I would have quickly ejaculated all over both of us. Instead, she finished washing me up and then asked me to get out of the tub and told me to dry off. When I was dry, I heard her turn off the water and open the shower curtain, leaving her standing there, dripping wet, totally naked and amazingly beautiful.
Asking for a towel, she wrapped her hair in it and then stepped out. Reaching for another towel, she complimented my bath and shower skills, making an especially big deal out of the way I shaved her legs and how smooth and perfect they felt. All the while, I watched as she bent and twisted -- drying her whole body in front of me as if we had done this hundreds of times together. My cock was still hard, a fact she didn't overlook, because just as much as I was staring at her naked body, she was staring at mine.
Before long she was dry and without even picking up her clothes or straightening up the bathroom, she walked past me, saying "Come on." Hanging my own towel up, I followed her into her bedroom and watched as she pulled the comforter down her bed. Turning to look at me, she motioned me over and told me to get on the bed and lie down. "I need to feel you in me again. Is that okay, Brad? Can I get on top of you?" She asked.
Now that was a hell of a stupid question. Did she honestly think I wouldn't let the angel of my life ride my cock? Damn, as far as I was concerned she could tie me to the bed and keep me prisoner for days, or weeks even -- repeatedly fuck me until my cock gave up and refused to get hard again. Hell, there was no need for her to ask.
But as I lay down with my erection poking up wantonly, she thanked me, climbed up on the bed, straddled my body and reached down to pick up my entire length and then with one smooth move she sat on top of me, sliding her pussy down my pole until it was all the way in her.
She sighed and then bounced around on top of me. With each bounce, I felt my cock go into her a little deeper. Then, looking down at me, she placed her hands on my chest and leaned way down. When she did, I reached up to her tits and cupped them tenderly as I rubbed her nipples between my fingers. Her nipples immediately hardened and she moaned deeply while I tweaked them. Leaning down even more, I was able to reach my head up enough to take one of her nipples in my mouth and suckle her while I played with her other breast.
For the next hour, she rode on top of me, alternately grinding her pussy down on me and sliding up and down my pole. I laid there and watched her cum four or five times, letting her have as much of my cock as she desired. I tried hard not to get too excited, but she almost took me over the edge several times. For me, I was satisfied enough just to know it was my cock that she was enjoying. I was amazed to see the different ways she rode me -- even turning around and riding me backwards. That was pretty cool, too, because I could see my cock sliding into her pussy as she humped me and I got a nice long look at her from the back, which excited me tremendously. Yes, it was nasty -- but as I watched her raise and lower her haunches, the only thing I could think of was how breathtaking it was just to watch her fuck me.
Before Sharron was done, though, she sat up on top of me and looked down into my eyes. Then, she did the most amazing thing -- squeezed and relaxed her pussy muscles while she sat there. "Oh, Gawd!" I moaned. Sharron just smiled and wiggled her pelvis as she continued to squeeze and release my cock. She started to move up and down my pole, squeezing me as she did. I began to thrust my hips up, trying vainly to get in time with her movements. Each time our bodies moved, she clamped down on me, gripping my penis as it tried to move inside her.
Sharron leaned down, pressing her chest to mine and wrapping her arms around my neck. She started nipping at my ear, playfully kissing me and blowing warm air across my skin. When I started to feel myself about to cum, I hardly had any time at all to warn her that I was close. It came on me so fast and so strong, all I could do is lay there and let her fuck me.
I started to moan and wheeze as I felt my orgasm start. "Ooooohhhhhhh!" I groaned. "I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum!" I cried.
She seemed to pick up her pace once she heard that I was about to explode. Her hips, flying up and down on top of my pole with lighting speed, crashed into me each time she came down. Then she would rise up and crash down on me again -- and all the while, she kept squeezing my cock with her pussy. "Come on, baby," she urged, "cum in me."
"Fuck!" I yelled as I exploded into her, coating her insides with my hot cum.
When it was over, I laid there like a rag doll, absolutely spent and worn out. She sat up and looked down at me with a big smirk on her face. "That must have been a big one." She said, "I felt it."
I was still trying to catch my breath when she got off me, letting my softening cock slip from her pussy. Glancing over at her, I watched her arrange herself on her hands and knees. Then, spreading her knees wide and laying her head down on a pillow, she looked at me. At first, I thought she was resting, but with her butt up in the air like it was -- and her knees spread wide apart, it appeared like she was waiting for something. And, she was.
"Go ahead." She said. "You can lick me from behind if you want to. You told me you fantasized about that."
I instantly knew what she was talking about. She was referring to our conversation where I described what I thought about when I jacked off -- and how I told her I wanted to get behind her and enjoy myself by sucking and licking her all over. Now, I know some people might see this as an incredibly nasty and possibly perverted desire, but, why would someone hesitate to touch, kiss or lick someone they loved -- even 'back there'? Seems to me that if you really did love someone, there wouldn't be any boundaries as to what you would do sexually. Right?
Okay, damn it! I knew I wasn't supposed to be in love with her anymore. I even promised her I wouldn't fall in love with her again. And maybe I wasn't..... or maybe I was. Hell, I don't know, but, how could I forget all those years of longing and all those fantasies, especially when they were now coming true? "Fuck it!" I said to myself. It didn't matter. Nothing mattered. All I knew was that she was on her hands and knees and she was offering herself to me.
I scampered behind her upturned bottom and looked at her. My Gawd, she was indescribably sexy and gorgeous in that pose. Her knees were wide apart and I had a full, wide open view of her wet and glistening pussy, still coated with our mixed fluids from just a few minutes ago. Then, right there in front of me was the petite little hole my finger had been in while I washed her up.
I reached my finger out and slid it easily into her pussy - past her labia and then deeply into her vagina. Knowing full well that she'd deliberately made me cum in her didn't persuade me to stop. It didn't even slow me down.
I spent the next thirty minutes totally propelling myself into my fantasy..... licking, sucking and kissing every inch of her lower body my tongue and lips could reach. I didn't stop to think or consider anything -- not even as I held her tender cheeks apart and tongued her bottom. Sharron must have enjoyed it, too, because I heard a flurry of moans and gasps as she shuddered to orgasm at least twice.
When I was done, I lay down next to her and we smiled at each other. When she finally stretched her legs out and relaxed herself, she snuggled up next to me and I put my arms around her.
"Sharron, will you tell me now why were you crying in the shower?" I asked.
Her smile faded and she looked at me in a way I've never seen before. Her face turned serious and she scooted back several inches and propped herself up on her pillow. She started to speak, but then she stopped. After a moment, she looked down at the sheet under us and poked her finger nervously at an imaginary spot as she finally spoke.
"Brad, uh..... you really were in love with me, weren't you." She said.
Before I could answer, Sharron went on, saying, "I don't mean that as a question. It was an observation, or maybe I should say -- it was a realization."
"What I'm trying to say," she added, "is that I just realized what that must have been like for you day after day. All those times we did things together..... it had to be heart wrenching for you. I can't get over how noble you were and how thoughtless I was -- how blind I was to it. And for all those years you were content to just be my friend." She looked up at me and I could see she was struggling with what she was trying to say.
I only nodded my head, not knowing what she expected of me. Then she continued, saying, "I don't know anyone else but you that would have been that loyal to your heart. I feel horrible about not feeling the same way, Brad. I feel horrible that you wasted so much time on me. So, when we were in bed earlier, I was just having sex, while you were really 'making love' to me. I saw it in your eyes and I felt it in your touch. It made me feel ashamed of myself, you know?"
"Ah," I replied, "I see. Sharron, let's don't dredge this up again. I thought that was all settled, and besides, I'm over it now."
"Really?" She asked. "You're really over it?"
Her question brought back all the longing and all the feelings I had for her, but, I knew this was something we needed to talk about. I reached out to hold her hand and told her I was over it and I didn't regret anything.
"But, I broke your heart, right?" She replied.
"It's not a matter of that, Sharron." I answered. "Just because we're not in love romantically doesn't mean I can't love you anymore. Okay, maybe it's not the same kind of love as before, but I can still care about you. I can still be your friend. And you know what? Since I came to grips with this, I've been able to have something with you that I would have never had. And I think we've enjoyed some pretty good sex, don't you think?"
"Yeah, that's for sure." She agreed. "The sex has been the best I've ever had."
"And I'll continue to be your naked man as long as you want to keep this up." I added.
That last part made Sharron smile. "Thank you for not pressuring me or expecting anything from me in return." She said. Then perking up, she said, "And I'll take you up on being my naked man. You know, it works out fairly well, don't you think?" She asked.
"I mean," she said, "you seem to enjoy being naked, and I enjoy having my best friend all to myself one weekend a month. Plus, it's kind of a fantasy come true for me to have a man who will let me see him naked and whom I can touch whenever I want without all the bullshit boyfriend overhead. Plus," she added, "I really do love your cock, Brad."
"Well I'm glad to hear you say that you're getting off on all this." I replied. "Hopefully, it makes you wet and horny, too."
"You have no idea," Sharron answered, "I just love seeing you play with yourself, especially when you do it right in front of me. Just about every night I play with myself to the memory of how you make yourself cum and the way your cock is always so hard for me."
"Oh, my gawd!" She exclaimed. "That sounds absolutely 'slutty', doesn't it?"
I grinned as she blushed.
"No, not at all." I answered. "Honestly, if I knew a girl as cute as you that wanted to get naked in front of me and let me watch her masturbate, I would probably be just as happy about it as you are."
We talked for another hour or so. Somewhere along the way, we both fell asleep. I woke up hours later -- in the middle of the night, to find her sleeping soundly next to me. I watched her for a few minutes while she slept. I watched her tender breasts rise and fall with every breath she took and I even reached out and lightly touched one of her nipples.
Sighing, I got out of her bed and started to pull the comforter up over her sleeping body. I paused for a second to admire the dainty furrow between her legs, but I didn't touch her again. Somehow, it just didn't seem right to take advantage of the trust she had in me to violate her when she was sleeping. So as I pulled the comforter up to her shoulders, I bent down and kissed her lips very softly and whispered "Good night, my angel."
I turned off the light as I left her bedroom and closed the door behind me. In all our CFNM weekends, she never invited me to sleep with her in her bed. I would have loved to, but one of our rules was that I was supposed to sleep in her spare bedroom with the door open, so that's exactly what I did.
The next morning, we talked in detail about what happen the night before. Sharron readily agreed that the sex we shared together was the best sex she ever experienced and after a long talk, she suggested that on future CFNM weekends, we would set the CFNM aside briefly and spend a few hours devoted to each other's sexual pleasure. Needless to say, I was elated, gratified and I agreed immediately.
So, the next CFNM weekend seemingly started out like any other. But, as I arrived on Friday evening, I carried with me with a sense of breathless anticipation knowing there was going to be sex between the two of us. As usual, I stood in front of Sharron and undressed until I was naked. She amused herself by fondling my balls and tugging on my cock for a few minutes and told me she was going to keep me busy doing chores until Saturday evening. Then, after dinner on Saturday, I would bathe her, shave her and we would spend the rest of Saturday night taking turns pleasuring each other.
"I'm going to let you shave me, uh, down there." Sharron said, pointing down below her waist. "But you better be careful," she added, "I've heard horrible stories from some of my friends who've let men with razors close to their va-jay-jay."
"Oh, you don't have anything to worry about." I immediately replied, smiling broadly. "I promise I'll take my time, go really slow and be very careful." I added, "I'm going to savor and enjoy every minute of it, too."
Sharron smiled a knowing grin, saying, "Yeah, I bet you will!" In as much as I think shaving her pubes was more for my enjoyment, I think she got off on the idea of having me between her spread legs, catering to her pussy, and touching her intimately while I removed her pussy hair. In any event, I was overjoyed about the possibility of seeing her pussy completely bare and thinking about how her smooth vulva would feel against my face as I licked up and down her slit.
I couldn't have anticipated the level of sexual tension that built up between the two of us that weekend. Shortly after I arrived, she disappeared into her bedroom and returned a few minutes later wearing only a t-shirt and a pair of tight, silky, white bikini panties. Then, she acted completely innocent and nonchalant about the way she was dressed. Of course my cock reacted by staying rock hard all through the evening. Her tight little t-shirt clearly displayed the outline of her boobs, and her nipples poked out at me as if they were begging for attention. And if that wasn't enough, no matter how many times she fixed them, her panties seemed to repeatedly find their way creased up between her pussy lips, giving her a pronounced camel toe that I could see clearly.
Now, don't get me wrong -- I'm not at all complaining about the way she was dressed. She wasn't doing anything provocative and she didn't seem to be overtly flaunting her body or acting like an exhibitionist, but I simply couldn't take my eyes off her. By 10PM that Friday night, she'd made me masturbate three times in front of her in an attempt to keep my erections at bay. But only thirty minutes after my third jerk-off session, I got hard again looking at her crotch as she sat cross-legged on her couch next to me. She pretended to be exasperated with me, saying "Jeez, Brad, you would think you've never seen a girl in her underwear before."
Well, what the fuck did she expect? So, let me put this in perspective...... a really cute chick who I'd fantasized about for years was in her sexy panties and I can see the outline of her pussy lips pushing against the crotch panel of her panties. Now, did she really think I wasn't going to get turned on? Was I supposed to look away or something? Yeah, right. Like that's ever going to happen.
I know damn well she was secretly delighted with my reaction. To tell you the truth, though, I kind of liked the way she was teasing me. And it all seemed to end with me having a solid hard-on and needing to stroke myself in front of her, which I didn't mind doing, and she didn't mind watching. Funny, even though she'd now seen my cock more times than anyone else in my life, it was still a hell of a thrill to perform for her and each time I ejaculated in her presence, she appeared to be just as excited and amazed as the first time I ever did it.
Saturday morning I got up before her to make breakfast, which is what I always did. Wearing her kitchen apron to protect my naked chest and Mr. Winkie from hot bacon grease, I was just about ready to start cooking her omelet when Sharron joined me in the kitchen. As I turned to say 'Good Morning' I almost choked. If I thought her outfit last night was hot, what she wore this morning was sizzling.
Sharron was wearing a thin, extremely low cut camisole and her nipples were poking out prominently from beneath it. As if that wasn't enough to cause me to stare, she was wearing perhaps the smallest thong I have ever seen in my life. It had just a small triangle of see through fabric covering her pussy and thin spaghetti straps across the hips and nothing but thin butt floss up the back. As I gawked at her outfit, she held her arms out to her sides and turned around completely so I could take in the full effect.
"I take it you approve?" She asked, pointing to my cock and snickering.
"You love teasing me like this, don't you?" I asked.
Sharron giggled, then walked up to me and shoved her hand under my apron to feel my hardness. "Yep!" She said as she squeezed my cock and stroked me a few times. "I bet if I dressed like this all the time I could get you to do anything I wanted. Right?" She asked.
Indeed. But, what she didn't realize was I would have done anything for her anyway. Walking around like she did last night, and now this morning, was only pushing me closer and closer to the point where I was either going to have to throw her on the floor and seriously partake in her womanly charms, or tie her to the bed and have my way with her until I couldn't get it up any more. I don't think there's a court in this land that would find me guilty of any crime, either.
But, I held my tongue, and instead of being a smart-ass, I answered, "If you dressed like that all the time you would be in jail for man slaughter, Sharron. I would die from lack of blood to my brain because it was all rushing to my cock!"
Sharron laughed as she let go of my pole and made her way to the coffee mug I had waiting for her on the counter. As she walked away from me, I drank up the view of her nearly-naked butt cheeks, shook my head in disbelief and went back to cooking our breakfast.
On Saturday, we cleaned every room in her condo and did all her laundry. We took turns picking out audio CDs and singing the songs as they came on. It was excruciatingly difficult to be around her all day while she was wearing the thin camisole and tiny panties. As she bent and reached for things, I got wonderful glimpses down her top and between her legs.
"No jerking off for you today." Sharron told me as we worked. "I want you hot, hard and anxious for me tonight. I've been looking forward to this, and I want you to be ready to go a long time!"
We worked side by side all morning and by noon, my poor cock was aching for release. When I asked her if I could get a little relief, she laughed and told me 'No', explaining how much stronger my hard-on would be for her if I held off a few more hours until we had our mutual play time. By 2PM I was getting desperate. My cock was leaking precum and with every step I took, I felt my eight inch rod bounce up and down as it poked out in front of me. Sharron was beside herself with laughter at my predicament, even going so far as to mock comfort me by saying, "Oh, poor baby."
At about 4PM, she mysteriously left me alone saying she had to make a phone call and needed some privacy. We were just about to put the last load of laundry into her washing machine when she brought this up. And what do you think the last stuff left to wash was?
Yes, you guessed it. Her lingerie. Specifically, it was a weeks worth of her bras and panties.
My gawd, I have to honestly say that standing there with a pile of her bras and panties in front of me brought on a sexual rush which I can't describe. These were the actual bras that cradled Sharron's sweet breasts and protected those cute nipples from the prying eyes of the world. And these were the panties that guarded the entrance to the throne of her womanhood, and I was in awe to have all these extremely personal garments within my reach and without her watching over me. Upon my inspection, several of Sharron's panties were.... how should I say it...... "Choice".
Obviously, her anticipation of our CFNM weekend during the previous week had kept her wet and her panties held the proof. Unbelievably, the pile of lingerie even included the white bikini panties she wore on Friday evening and once I noticed them, I was tempted to steal them. But, of course, I knew it would be impossible to get away with.
Cursing to myself, I finally realized she was in her bedroom, behind closed doors and talking on the phone. I disobeyed my normally good judgment and made a decision to take a break from doing her laundry and take some time to enjoy those bikini panties right then and there - and in the exact manner for which the laws of nature intended. "She'll never know." I told myself as I chuckled wickedly.
Now, one of Sharron's CFNM rules was that any time I had the need to jack-off, she was supposed to be present so she could watch. In the many CFNM visits we'd shared, I never once broke that rule. But this time, I was insane with excitement and grabbed my cock without hesitation and began to jerk myself as I held her panties to my nose, breathing in her feminine scent.
"Brad!" I heard her exclaim behind me.
I turned to see Sharron standing several feet away with her hands on her hips and a scowl on her face.
"I thought we had an understanding." Sharron said disappointedly.
"Damn it, Sharron," I replied nervously, "you've been prancing around in your panties for two days teasing me..... just pushing me to the point where you knew I was going to break."
"You were hovering over me all morning, and then just as the only thing left to wash was your lingerie, you conveniently had to make a phone call and suddenly disappeared." I added.
"Admit it, Sharron," I continued, "in all the weeks I've been coming here, I never once broke any of the rules. I've shown remarkable control and you know it. And I don't believe for one minute that you really had to make a call at the exact time you knew I was going to be alone with your panties. This is a damn setup!"
The scowl on her face turned into a smile and Sharron took several steps toward me and put her hands around my throbbing member. "Okay, okay," she replied, "I admit it. It was a setup. And yes, you've been an amazingly good naked man."
"But," she added, "that doesn't change the fact that you broke one of our rules and I don't think you should be able to talk your way out of it."
"What do you mean by that?" I asked.
"Well," she answered, "I think there should be some kind of punishment for trying to secretly take advantage of my panties and play with your self behind my back."
"Alright, maybe so," I said, "but if I'm going to be punished for jacking-off behind your back, I think I should be allowed to finish what I started."
"Oh, I bet you do." Sharron agreed. "And I suppose you're going to want to use my panties while you do it?"
"Since it was a set up and you obviously knew how your little entrapment scheme would push me over the edge, I think it's only fair. In fact," I emphasized loudly, "you ought to just let me keep them in return for setting me up."
I could see Sharron thinking about what I said. Finally, she answered "Okay, you can use 'em and you can keep 'em, but, I want you to ask me for them, first. After all, they are my panties and you shouldn't just assume I would give them to you."
"What?" I asked.
"You heard me," she answered, "I want you to ask me to let you use my panties while you jack-off and then ask me if you can keep them."
"Oh, brother!" I moaned.
"Brad, if you ask nicely, I'll say yes. It's totally up to you, though. If you can't ask nicely then I'll just pick up all my bras and panties, take them to my room and I guarantee you won't ever see any of them again. It's your choice." She said smiling.
She had me and she knew it. She knew my cock was throbbing and all this talk about her panties was making it worse every time I heard the word. She knew I wanted those panties and she knew I would agree to just about anything in order to get them.
"Sharron," I reluctantly began, "I know I was wrong for trying to masturbate behind your back and for using your panties. Would you please let me finish what I was doing and would you please let me keep your panties?"
"See," she said, "that wasn't so hard. Okay, I'll let you finish and you can keep them as your souvenir or whatever you want to call them, but first, I want you to agree to let me punish you for trying to masturbate behind my back and accept whatever punishment I decide on without any complaining."
"Punishment? What kind of punishment?" I asked.
"Whatever I say, Brad. Take it, or leave it." She replied.
The little smile that crept up from the corner of her lips told me to go along with her ultimatum. In my heart, I knew her 'punishment' would probably amount to nothing and she might even be kidding about it, so, I agreed.
"Alright," I answered, "I'll go along with the punishment."
Sharron reached out and took the white panties from my hand and then ushered me out of her laundry room. She led me down the hall and into her bedroom.
She pulled me over to her dresser and pulled open one of the drawers. My cock lurched as I looked down to discover the drawer was filled to the brim with bras and panties of every color, style and fabric. "Go ahead," she motioned to me, "get started."
I looked at her, unsure of what she meant, and seeing that I didn't understand, she said, "Well, you wanted to jerk-off, didn't you? Go ahead," she repeated, "get busy. Enjoy yourself."
Hesitantly, I wrapped my right hand around my rod and slowly started to jerk my cock. As I did, I lifted her panties to my nose and took a deep sniff. After watching me for a few seconds, she picked up a handful of her panties from the drawer and said, "Since you're so interested in my panties, I'm going to let you see them -- every single pair I own. Maybe that will satisfy some of your curiosity about my underwear."
She held up the first pair and showed them to me, or what there was of them. They were almost transparent and surely one of those pairs a woman only wears when she knows her man is going to immediately take them off and give her a thorough boning.
I paused so I could look at them closely, but she quickly got my attention and told me to keep stroking. When I began again, she asked me if the panties I was holding under my nose smelled good.
"Oh, yeah." I replied.
Holding up a different pair, a black silky thong, she asked me if I liked them. I nodded my head up and down, indicating I did and she asked me if I'd like to see her in them. When I nodded again, she laughed and said, "Maybe someday you will."
I kept stroking and she kept holding up her panties one pair at a time. A quick scan of the amount of panties left in her drawer told me there was no way I was going to last until she showed me every pair she owned. Unfortunately, I was almost there -- almost ready to cum. And there were probably twenty pairs of panties left in the drawer.
I tried to slow my jacking, but, she noticed what I was doing and told me to keep going at the same rate, so I sped up.
As she held up another pair, she got inquisitive and started asking questions. "You're really getting off on this, aren't you?" She asked.
I knew it was a question I shouldn't answer, but I didn't need to answer because as soon as she asked it she spoke again, saying, "You know the whole panty thing is a carefully orchestrated plot by the women of the world to control men, don't you?"
"I don't doubt it." I replied as I kept stroking.
"Well, it's true." She boasted. "We girls learn at a very young age how to control boys by letting them see a little bit of this and a little bit of that..... and over time, it's turned into an art form, you know."
She was holding up her panties, one a time for me to see, and I'm just imagining how each pair looks on her..... how the back hugs her cute little ass and how the front shows off her pretty mound. She's got some crotch-less panties that she holds up next and she spreads them open to emphasize how they work. I'm looking between the lace edges where her vagina would be and thinking if she was wearing them, how wet and open she might be... ready for my tongue or my cock.
Oh, I'm getting dangerously close now. There's no way I'm going to be able to hold off much longer.
"And you know," she adds, "we just love to torment guys with these sexy things. We know you want to see us in them, and then feel us in them..... and it's a huge 'cave man' thing for you when you can finally conquer them - pull them off and get to your prize."
"Damn," I thought to myself as I stroked, "she's got a pretty good handle on it, that's for sure."
Sharron held up a satiny, red pair and smiled at me. "I just bought these last week, Brad. I bought them especially for you...... especially for tonight. I was thinking I might put them on after you shave me and I might let you touch me in them for a while before I get up on top and ride that cock of yours. Can't you just imagine your hands feeling me in these, Brad? You could get me all wet and play to your heart's content. Would you like that?"
As she spoke, my mind started to visualize those satiny panties stretched tightly across her pussy as she lay back on her bed with her knees spread out and pulled up to her chest beckoning me to the center of her femininity. I could just see her lying there in them.... opening herself up to me.... allowing me the privilege of touching her, licking her and then finally..... fucking her.
I couldn't believe it as I watched one of Sharron's hands slip inside the waistband of the little thong she was wearing. She smiled at me as my eyes watched her fingers trace up and down her labia and then finally reaching down to her opening and plunging her fingers into her delicious pussy. I gasped as I stared at what she was doing inside her panties, but what she did next set my whole world on fire.
Slowly, she withdrew her hand from her panties and brought her wet fingers up to my nose. "Can you smell my pussy, Brad?" She asked. "I'm really wet." I moaned and closed my eyes as I took in the heavenly scent of her pussy.
Then to my amazement, she moved her fingers to my mouth, ran them around my lips and when I opened them, she slipped her fingers in and I began to suck the slippery juices from her digits.
And then all of a sudden, I exploded. My first squirt of cum spewed out in a thick rope that landed directly on her camisole.
I glanced up at Sharron and her eyes were glued to my cock as it convulsed and squirted my hot seed all over the two of us. It seemed to go on forever and she never moved away. In fact, she moved closer to me and as my orgasm subsided. She reached down and covered my hand with hers and rubbed my dribbling cock head against her belly. By the time I was done, there were little drops of cum all over her legs, stomach and of course, her tiny panties.
I stood breathless for a minute, panting and trying to keep my balance.
"Holy shit!" Sharron exclaimed, looking at the huge globs of cum splattered all over her. "I guess you were pretty backed up, eh?"
"That's an understatement." I replied. "And I'm sorry I got you all, uh, messy."
"Actually," she confessed, "I've wanted you to do something like that for a long time. I should have taken this off, though." Referring to her cum soaked camisole.
"Well, its washable isn't it? We can just throw it in with those other things, can't we?" I asked.
"Oh, sure," she answered, "But, what I meant was I've wanted to feel your cum shoot directly on my bare skin for a long time. You know, maybe on my boobs or..... gawd, I can't believe I'm saying this..... uh, even on my face."
"Sharron! I'm shocked." I replied. "And you think my fascination with your underwear is kinky? That sounds pretty damn kinky to me."
At first, she thought I was serious, but, I put my arms around her and pulled her to me, smearing the thick globs of cum stuck to her camisole all over us. "I love it when you're kinky," I whispered in her ear as we hugged, "I'll do that for you tonight if you want."
She pulled away from me and put her hands on her hips saying, "But I'm still angry with you for being sneaky and I fully intend to punish you for it, Bradley." With that, she slipped the cum stained camisole off, leaving her standing in front of me in just her wispy panties. "Come on," she said, ushering me out of her bedroom toward her laundry room, "let's get that last laundry load going and then I think we should get started on dinner. By the time we're done, it will be time to get down and nasty."
I detected a tone of playfulness in her voice along with a sparkle in her eye. I knew she was looking forward to having sex and I sorely hoped that she would let more of her kinky side out to play. But I couldn't stop thinking about this 'punishment' she was talking about.
Believe it or not, my cock was now soft. Thankfully, I got to cum and even though she was walking around with her bare boobs on display, I felt a sense of relief I hadn't felt in a couple of days. The throbbing was gone and it felt nice not to have my boner in the way.
Sharron stood next to me topless while we put her delicates into the washer. Knowing she was watching, I laid it on pretty thick - picking up every bra and holding each cup against my nose. I even went so far as to lick a few of them, making sure she saw me putting my tongue exactly where her nipples had been. Each of her panties got a similar treatment, too, before I put them in the washer. I examined each one closely and held one or two of them up to her waist to get an idea how they looked on her. There was one very slinky red bikini that was so soft and silky, I simply couldn't help being attracted to it. The feel of it in my hand was remarkable, so I turned toward her and jokingly wrapped the panty around my flaccid cock and smiled. To my surprise, she reached down and grasped my softness and started stroking it.
Now, I'd only done this as a joke -- kind of over doing all the attention I was giving to her lingerie since she was standing right there -- but when she started to stroke me, I experienced a feeling I've never felt before in my life. The way the material slid over my member was incredible. The silky layers slid back and forth over my cock and even though she wasn't gripping me tightly at all, I immediately started getting hard. She was just as surprised as I was.
"Damn!" She remarked. "Instant erection!"
She was right, too. The only way I can describe the feeling is that it felt like a silk glove was pulled over my cock and she was moving it back and forth. I literally went from utterly soft to completely hard in a matter of a few seconds. Sharron, being curious about what was happening to me, kept stroking me but increased the speed. The silky panties under her hand lubricated her movements and as she worked my cock, it grew into a full fledged, raging steel-on.
"Does this feel good?" She asked.
"It feels fucking amazing." I moaned, spreading my feet to get a better stance while she stroked me.
"Better than a pussy?" She asked.
"Not better than YOUR pussy," I replied, "but pretty damn good."
She smiled as she sank to her knees and jacked me in front of her face. After a minute, a damp spot appeared at the tip of my penis and she stopped in mid-stroke and looked up at me. "So, you're getting pretty worked up, are you? Want me to keep going, or should I stop?"
"Please," I begged, "don't stop now!"
Sharron giggled to herself and let go of my throbbing tool. She stood; leaving her silky red panties wrapped around my cock. Putting her hands on her hips, she looked down at the sight in front of her. "I think it's time for the first part of your punishment." She said.
Reaching out and pulling her panties from around my cock, she held them out to me and said "Put 'em on."
"What?" I gasped.
"You said you'd go along with anything I asked for your punishment." She reminded me.
"Yeah, but, I..... uh.... uh...." I stuttered, "I thought you were talking about giving me a spanking or something like that. You didn't say anything about this!"
"Bradley, I'm a firm believer that the punishment should fit the crime," she said, "but I'll be more than happy to throw in a spanking, too, since you seem to agree that you deserve one."
"Sharron," I pleaded, "come on, don't you think making me wear your underwear is going just a bit too far with the punishment thing?"
"Oh, I'm only starting, Brad." She mused. "This is just phase one of your punishment!"
Then, kneeling down in front of me again, she held the red panties open and told me to step into them. I felt the sting of a fiery blush over take me as I stepped into her panties - first one foot, and then the other. I watched intently as she began to pull them up my legs, stopping when she pulled them above my knees. Then, pausing to look up at me, she bent forward, reached out to grasp the base of my cock in her hand and then took my cock into her mouth in one deliberate move.
I shuddered as I felt the warmth of her mouth encircle my hardness. Looking down and seeing her suck me, I didn't care that I was almost wearing her panties; the sheer sight of her mouthing my dick was enough make everything else seem meaningless.
After a minute, though, she stopped and before I knew what was happening, she pulled the red panties up my legs and adjusted them on my hips. "There," she said, "now you leave them alone."
I could feel the heat of my full body blush return. It felt like my cheeks were on fire and I was sure the color of my face probably matched the panties I was now wearing. Never in my wildest imagination did I ever envision this from her.
As I stood there stunned, she reached out and took my hand and led me silently into her living room. As we walked, I looked down to see my hardened member sticking out lewdly above the waistband of the panties stretched across my waist. Once there, she sat down on her couch and tugged my hand across her body. "You've been a bad boy, Bradley." She said, as if I was a little boy. "Lay down over my lap. It's time for your spanking."
In a daze, I found myself leaning down as she guided and positioned me across her legs. It all seemed so surreal, like it was happening in a fog, and I honestly must have been in shock to let it happen, that is, until I felt the first smack on my ass. "SMACK!"
I was jolted back to reality as I felt the sting spread across my bottom, followed by the spreading warmth I hadn't felt since the last time I got a whipping as a youngster. Instinctively, I moved, trying to push myself off her lap, but she pressed down on my back saying, "Oh, no you don't! Just stay where you are."
The next thing I felt was her hand rubbing my bottom as if she was soothing away the sting. Her hand pushed between my legs and she momentarily cupped my balls nestled inside the confines of her red panties. Then "SMACK!" Her hand came down on my buttocks again.
As before, her soothing hand returned to lightly rub my buns. I felt her hand move all over my bottom as she spoke softly, saying, "I did some research on the internet, Brad, and I discovered some interesting things. For example, I learned that men's fascination with women's undergarments is a fairly common trait. I also learned that many guys with a panty fetish secretly have an unfulfilled desire to wear them, too. So, knowing you as well as I do, I'm betting you're part of that group. You can deny it if you want to, but the way your erection is throbbing against my legs right now pretty much confirms my suspicion."
"SMACK!" I felt the sting of her open hand against my butt again.
"One article I read said that some men will eventually get the guts to wear them on their own from time to time, but, once a man with a panty fetish receives permission from a female to wear panties, he will probably want to wear them more regularly and probably during his whole life." She explained.
"SMACK!" I laid there silently and didn't struggle as she spanked me again.
"So, Brad," she continued, "the spanking you're getting is your punishment, or, part of it I should say. I'm making you wear the panties because I bet you're too embarrassed to take that first step yourself."
"SMACK!" By now, I had resigned myself to stay put and accept the spanking. Believe me, it was easier to lie there and let her spank my ass than it would be to face her, especially since she seemed to think I had some kind of longing to wear her panties. The words she was saying, however, really caused me to think.
"They look cute on you." She said. "And I bet Mr. Winkie is about as hard as he's ever been right now, isn't he?"
I thought it was a rhetorical question, or she was just trying to add to the discomfort of the spanking, so I didn't even consider answering her. She was, of course, right about one thing -- good 'ol Mr. Winkie was throbbing and pulsing..... I could feel it, too.
"SMACK!"
"Isn't he?" She asked again.
"Yes." I groaned softly, ashamed to admit the truth that my erection was straining and about to rip through the confines of her silky panties.
"SMACK!" I could feel my ass really warming up now. It wasn't as though she was hurting me to any great extent, but it was humiliating as hell to be dressed in her panties, across her knees and receiving a spanking.
"Three more swats to go and then we'll be done." She told me. "But you're going to wear those panties until I take them off you. Understand?"
"Okay." I replied meekly. It was at that point that it came to me. I remembered how we once talked about how it might be fun to spank someone or even be the person being spanked. That conversation happened the same night we shared some of our intimate fantasies, including details about my attraction to her lingerie. Then, as I thought about that conversation, I felt her hand rubbing my bottom again, soothing my stinging cheeks. Her touch was light and soft, much like she was caressing me -- and it felt good.... very good. I was enjoying it so much that I didn't hear her tell me to spread my knees apart.
"SMACK!"
"I said," she repeated, "spread your legs a little bit wider."
I did as she asked without hesitation, and when I did, I felt her hand on my butt again. But, this time, her fingers worked their way down between my pantied butt cheeks, coming to rest directly against my bottom hole.
As she touched there, I heard myself gasp and I involuntarily opened my legs further for her. I remember thinking to myself, "Gawd, Brad, what are you doing?" I was ashamed of myself and my actions, yet I was tremendously turned on. She was herding me to some unknown destination and I was allowing it.
"I'll give you my permission," Sharron said in a calm voice, "if you want to wear my panties. Honestly, the idea of seeing you in my panties is definitely starting to grow on me. Maybe tonight I'll let you model some of mine to see which ones I like best on you."
Those words burned into my ears and I felt another rush of embarrassment flood all over my body. I fell limp across her knees, not even trying to hold myself up anymore.
"SMACK!"
"Now, as far as the punishment goes, I think I'll spread it out and do a little during each CFNM weekend." Sharron said. "That way, you'll have an incentive to be especially good every time you come and not break the rules anymore. I'm not promising I won't set you up again, though, Brad." She continued, adding, "No matter what I do, you have to follow the rules. You don't think I'm being unfair about that, do you?"
"No," I answered, "I don't think you're being unfair, but...."
"SMACK!"
As soon as her hand hit my bottom, her fingers found the crease between my butt cheeks and she rubbed me lightly, pressing against my backdoor as her fingers grazed over it.
"Okay," she said, "that's ten. Stand up, please."
I had to shuffle my knees and feet, and push myself up from her lap in order to stand. When I was upright, her eyes went right to my crotch and her jaw dropped. I looked down to see that my cock was literally dripping with pre-cum -- so much so that the front of the red panties she put me in were damp and there was a small pool of clear pre-cum on her legs where my cock has been pressed against her. That now familiar feeling of embarrassment came over me again as I stood before her. I couldn't stand to look her in the eye, not knowing what she might be thinking, so I turned my head away -- looking down at the carpet next to us.
"Oh my gawd!" She said, noticing the pool of warm precum slathered all over her legs.
Like most men, it's not unusual for my cock to leak some precum when I get excited, but, the size of the shiny pool on her legs was more than I had ever leaked at any one time. Sharron glanced up at me - then back to her legs and then back at me. I swallowed hard, not knowing what to say or think. She reached her hand out and touched the straining tip of my penis with her finger and wiped off a drop that was precariously balancing there.
Out of the corner of my eye I saw her other hand reach up and gently grasp my hand in hers. "I have to know," she inquired, "what got you so turned on? Was it the spanking, or, uh, because I made you wear my panties?"
The spanking, in all honesty, was probably part of it. But, as I stood there in her red panties, I realized it wasn't only the spanking. I couldn't bear to believe it, though. I was searching for the right words to answer her so I wouldn't incriminate myself but I wasn't having much luck finding them. As the seconds clicked by, I was becoming more and more aware of the reason for my heightened excitement and as it became clear, my heart began to thump in my chest and a red flush enveloped my whole body.
"Brad, was it the panties?" She asked.
I couldn't bring myself to look at her.
"That's it, isn't it?" She said. I could tell from the inflection in her voice that it really wasn't a question that needed answering.
"So, uh...." she stuttered, "be honest with me now..... have you ever worn panties before?"
"No!" I immediately replied.
"But, you must like them." She answered as she pointed to my engorged cock and the wet spot on her legs.
I turned my head to finally look at her, almost expressionless, hoping she would just drop it and let it go. Sharron had to see I was uncomfortable with her probing, couldn't she just forget it?
We stared at each other for a minute and then she said, "Brad, I hope you don't feel I was intentionally trying to humiliate or embarrass you with those things I said. I wasn't trying to attack your manhood or anything like that, either. But, that's what those articles on the internet said."
"It's not that." I mumbled. "I just got the feeling you thought I was some kind of wacked out panty weirdo, which I'm not."
"I know that, Brad..... you're a sweet guy." She answered. "But, like I said before.... if you thought you needed someone's permission to wear women's panties, now you have it."
"Look, how about this," she said after a few seconds, "I'll leave you alone for a few minutes and go into the kitchen and start on dinner. If you want to take the panties off - if that's not something you want to do, then just take 'em off and come in the kitchen. We'll cook dinner and have a nice sex filled evening and I won't ever bring it up again."
"If, on the other hand," she continued, "you want to wear them, all you have to do is leave them on. I'm not going to persecute you and I'm not going to think you're a 'wacked out panty weirdo' or anything like that. You decide what you want to do and then come help me get dinner started."
I'm not sure how long I stood there by myself -- maybe a couple of minutes, but it seemed like a lifetime. Glancing down to see myself in her red panties, I don't know if the feeling of exhilaration or embarrassment was more prevalent. On one hand, I had to admit to myself that even though it was pretty kinky, I was excited as hell. The feel of them on me was indescribable. On the other hand, did I really want to start something like this with Sharron? In the end, I decided to leave them on and having made my decision, I turned and made my way into the kitchen.
Sharron was at the sink washing some tomatoes for the salad when I came in. After a second, she turned to look at me over her shoulder. "Come on," she said, "time's a wasting. Get over here and help me wash this stuff up."
We spent the next several minutes washing lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers and all the rest of the salad fixings and she never said a word about the panties or my decision to wear them. She handed me a knife and together, we started to cut everything up into small pieces and toss it all into a large salad bowl. Sharron finished cutting before I did, and after rinsing her hands off, she came to lean against the counter next to me.
"I'm glad you decided to keep them on." Sharron said. "I was hoping you would."
I looked at her and she was smiling. I managed to smile back and when I did, she snuggled up right next to me and reached down to grasp my bone through the satiny fabric. "Really, Brad," she continued, "I'm not just saying that. They look cute on you. In fact, seeing you in them is making me a little hot."
"Yeah, sure." I answered.
"No, I'm serious." She replied. "Here," she added as she reached for my hand, "see for yourself."
Sharron took my hand and guided it down inside her own panties and held it against her lightly furred mound. Before I even moved my fingers I could feel her wetness. I carefully extended my finger between her lips and when I did, I felt a flood of her warm and slippery lubrication pour out all over my hand. She was, without a doubt, sopping wet. I looked up and she nodded her head saying, "See? I told you."
I fingered her for a few minutes, enjoying the viscous feel of her feminine juices as I played with her. Her eyes closed as I pushed my fingers up into her vagina and then pulled them out and traced the length of her slit from bottom to top.
"Oh, that's nice." She moaned.
"You're really wet, Sharron." I whispered.
"I know." She replied. "I have to be honest with you," she added after pausing, "I planned that setup in order to have a reason to make you wear my panties, Brad. I've been fantasizing about that for a long time.... since that day you jacked off all over my table."
"Oh, you're a sneaky one, aren't you?" I mused.
"But you're getting off on it, too. Aren't you?" She asked. "Come on..... tell the truth."
"Well," I said, "since we're spilling our guts here, yes, I'm getting off on it, too. It's just embarrassing as hell for me."
"Believe me, if you knew how many times I've rubbed myself off thinking about seeing you in my panties, I'd be the embarrassed one, not you." She replied.
"Okay, then" I answered, "come clean with me. What other nasty things have you been thinking about?"
"Promise you won't think I'm a full blown slut if I tell you?" She asked.
After I gave her my promise, she hemmed and hawed for a few seconds and then she spoke. It was her turn to blush, and as she did, she began: "Well, I, uh....... sort of wanted you to touch me again like you did in the shower. You know, uh..... back here." Sharron reached behind her with her hand and placed it on her butt as she looked up into my eyes with a sheepish look on her face.
"You want me to play with your, butt? Is that it?" I replied.
She nodded her head, and then added, "And I was thinking maybe you could try cuming on me, too." She said. "Like on my chest or, uh, maybe my face?"
"I'd be happy to do all those things," I answered, "and whatever else you want to try. You know," I added, "if there's anyone you can feel comfortable talking to about what you want, it should be me, Sharron. You know I wouldn't ever judge you. Plus anything you want to try sexually -- I'm your man."
"Would you wear the panties for me, too?" She inquired.
"All the time?" I asked.
"No," she replied, "not all the time. I like it when you're naked for me, but every now and then would be nice. It really turns me on."
As she continued, Sharron told me things I'd never thought I would hear from her. Even that one evening when we were sharing our secrets, she never told me how she secretly longed to spread her sexual wings and experience some of the things that filled her pretty head when she masturbated. I was totally captivated by her candor and by her confessions, and she swore me to secrecy as she told me how she wanted to be blindfolded, tied up and then fucked. She went into detail about how much she was looking forward to me shaving her pussy and being totally exposed to me -- telling me she wanted to lie with her legs wide open while I thoroughly examined her vagina with my hands and eyes.
She stopped talking for a minute and took a deep breath. "There's one other thing I've been wanting," she said, "but I didn't think you'd go along with it."
"How do you know if you don't ask?" I answered. "Why don't you ask me and we'll find out. Is it because it's really nasty?"
She nodded her head, saying, "It's really, really nasty, Brad..... and it involves other people, too. But," she added, "if you'll do it for me, there's something in it for you."
"Oh, I'm intrigued." I replied. "Go on."
"Let's talk about it during dinner," she said, "it's kind of a long story and it's, uh, very complicated."
She'd piqued my interest for sure. Especially after hearing her secret confessions -- my mind was filling up with all kinds of kinky things. Maybe she wanted to have a three-way. "Hmm, that might be interesting." I thought.
We spent another half hour preparing dinner, or, rather I should say, I prepared dinner while she spent most of the time sitting at her kitchen table watching me. I had a small break waiting for the pasta water to boil, and during it, she called me over to the table and beckoned me to stand in front of her. She scooted back from the table and turned in her chair when I walked over to her. Then, without a word, her hands went to the waistband of my panties, pulled it down and tucked it under my balls. My tool sprung out and bobbed in front of her -- its inflamed head pulsing and throbbing due to my extremely excited condition.
Without looking at me, Sharron bent her head down and started to rub my engorged penis against her face. As she did this, my cock left a thin trail of precum along the path where she rubbed. Gracefully, as she dragged it across her lips, she slipped my cockhead into her mouth and began to tongue and suck me. I silently prayed she would take the rest of my member into her mouth, but she didn't.
As I watched, one of her hands sneaked down to below her belly and slipped into the tiny panties she was wearing. I felt my cock tighten as her legs widened and heard the faint sounds of wet pussy being parted by a probing finger. After a few seconds of fingering herself, she pulled her hand out from between her legs and moved it up toward my face. She never took my cock head out of her mouth, and she never said a word, but, I knew what she wanted.
Before her fingers even got to my lips, I'd opened my mouth and was ready to accept them. And when they arrived, I closed my lips around her digits and sucked them lustfully. Her slippery juices were warm and tasty as I sucked, but she pulled her fingers out after a short time and she put them right back inside her panties and began to rub herself. I looked over at the stove to check my water -- it wasn't boiling yet, but she and I were. Her fingers were working frantically in her pussy now, moving up and down her slit while her breathing became labored. She began to kiss my cockshaft and resumed rubbing my penis all over her face and mouth. It was an amazing thing to watch -- she was masturbating herself while she focused her attention on my cock.
She began to make soft moaning sounds and her hand seemed to freeze in position as she concentrated on her clit. Then as quick as the whole thing started, her body shuddered and she laid her head against my stomach, holding my straining erection next to her as she did.
Sharron pulled her hand out from between her legs and raised it to my lips. As they entered, I closed my eyes and sucked them again, this time reaching up with my own hand to hold hers there until I was done. You know, I hadn't even thought about my own pleasure, it was such a turn on to see her masturbate herself, especially the way she used my phallus as her suck toy while she did it.
The pasta water was boiling now, and when I turned to look at it, she sensed I needed to get back to my dinner preparations. She raised up from my cock and pulled her hand down from my face. In one fluid motion she grabbed the elastic waistband of the panties I was wearing and pulled it out from under my ball sack and then pulled it up. Seeing there was no way on Earth my cock was going to fit down inside the red silky panties, she arranged them with the top part of my erection sticking out, and then bent forward to kiss my cockhead tenderly. Giggling, she said, "Guess it's going to have to stay like that until you go down a little."
As I laughed, she pointed to the pot of boiling water and suggested I get back to our dinner. As I finished preparing, I couldn't help but think about the changes that had taken place between Sharron and I in the last several weeks. I was getting more 'fully satisfying sex' than at any time in my life. I was seeing a beautiful woman in skimpy attire, topless and naked -- and her sexuality seemed to be blossoming..... and I was a part of it.
I couldn't stop smiling when we finally sat down to eat. When she asked me what was so funny, I simply told her I was a little surprised at the way she cuddled my cock as she played with herself. "Better get used to it." She warned. "I'm going to be taking advantage of you more and more often if you traipse around dressed like that!"
We both laughed, even though I felt my face reddening as I blushed. I guess it was true -- maybe seeing me in her panties really did turn her on. I certainly wasn't going to complain.
I waited for her to bring up her secret, nasty desire as we ate dinner. We made small talk and she complimented me on the Salmon Pasta Salad I fixed for us, but when she didn't say anything about her little secret, I outright brought it up, myself.
"So," I began, "what's this really nasty thing you wanted to talk to me about?"
Sharron pushed her food around her plate with her fork as she glanced up at me. "First, you have to promise you won't get mad at me." She replied.
"Jeez. I promise I won't get mad, Sharron." I answered. But I should have waited to hear her out before I so quickly gave my promise.
"Okay," she said, "here goes. But, remember - you said you wouldn't get mad. Just hear me out before you say anything."
Now I was starting to get worried.
"I've been telling my friend Cheryl about our CFNM weekends." Sharron told me. "And she, uh, kinda wants to see for herself."
Now, I've met Cheryl several times over the years. Cheryl was Sharron's room mate in college and they were best friends for a long time. She moved to another town to take a new job a few years ago, but I knew they still kept in touch -- and Sharron has gone to visit her a bunch of times and Cheryl has been up to spend weekends with Sharron, too. She and Sharron are almost opposites, and I've always thought of Cheryl as something of a man-eater. She's cute; don't get me wrong, but not someone I would be interested in at all.
"Anyway," Sharron continued, "I was hoping you would be okay if Cheryl came to stay with me for a few days, and then one night you could come over and make dinner for us.... bring us drinks.... be our waiter.... maybe provide some entertainment. You know - that kind of stuff."
"Sharron," I replied, "I know how the two of you are when you guys get together, just how much have you told her? Everything?"
"No!" She exclaimed. "I would never do that!"
"Well what have you told her?" I asked.
Sharron told me she'd only told Cheryl that I'd been spending one weekend a month with her, adding that she'd explained everything to Cheryl all about the 'Clothed Female - Naked Male' part of it. She swore to me she hadn't told Cheryl about any of the really intimate things we'd talked about or done, but Sharron had been completely truthful with Cheryl about my complete nakedness and, unfortunately, all about my constant erections and masturbation. Apparently, Cheryl was more than just casually interested. She constantly pried Sharron for details about what went on while I was there, but Sharron told me we was very tight lipped about what we did.
As Sharron told me all of this, she added that she wasn't asking me to spend a weekend naked with her and Cheryl. It was only going to be one night while Cheryl was visiting. When I asked her what she meant by me 'providing some entertainment', she hesitated before she answered.
"Well, Brad, come on..... you know what I mean, don't you?" Sharron asked. Then, she continued explaining, saying, "You're going to be there naked. I'm sure you'll have a hard-on. We just want to see it and play with it. Maybe have you dance for us and let us do some things with you. You might even get lucky."
I almost choked. "Do some things to me?" I asked.
"Yeah," she said, "just some fun stuff, like maybe tying you up and letting us.... uh.... do things."
"Let me see if I've got this right." I answered. "You want me to come over and be naked in front of you and Cheryl, be your waiter, serve you dinner and drinks, dance in front of you, let the two of you tie me up and do anything you want to me? Is that about right?"
"Well, almost." She replied. "And Cheryl's sister, too. She wants to come."
Sharron explained that Cheryl had a shy sister who didn't have any experience with men. She didn't date and had no social life at all. Cheryl thought this would be a good way to shock her sister out of her shell. My jaw dropped when I found out this would include a third girl.
"Brad," Sharron added, "first of all, Cheryl hardly knows you and she doesn't even live here. Secondly, you'll only be here a few hours and I'll make sure things don't get too out of hand. Thirdly, you'll be doing her sister a favor. From what I heard, she's probably never even seen a real, live, hard cock in the flesh and for sure never seen one cum in front of her face. And if you'll do it, I give you my solemn word it will be worth it to you."
"What does that mean?" I asked.
"It means that you won't regret doing it. I promise you that." She answered.
The idea was shocking to me. Being naked, jacking off and cuming in front of Sharron was one thing. I trusted her and I got a lot of pleasure being with her during our CFNM weekends. But, this was something way beyond that. I would be on display, probably with an erection, all night. They would be looking, touching and talking about me and my cock.
"What do you have planned if I let you tie me up?" I asked.
"You just about hit the nail on the head already, Brad." She answered. "It's exactly what you said.... anything we want. You're going to be tied up and helpless. It's kind of exciting, don't you think?"
"Oh my gawd." I moaned.
"Don't worry," she added, "no one's going to hurt you or do anything to you that you won't like. Hey, you should feel honored and proud. You've kept yourself in good shape, you have a good looking body and your cock.... is, uh..... just magnificent, Brad. Come on.... will you do it for me? Pleeeeease?"
We cleared the dinner dishes away as we talked about it. She told me more of what she wanted to do, how she wanted me to act and how excited she was to think it might really happen. I have to admit, the way she explained it and the details she gave me made it all sound like a lot of fun. All I had to do was show up and be their naked man and let them play to their hearts content. She was right about one thing for sure -- I would probably never see Cheryl's sister again. As to Cheryl, I figured this was just the kind of thing that she would enjoy.
I agreed to do it, saying, "Okay, I'll do it. I'll go along with whatever you guys cook up, but I don't want to hear any condemnation or criticism from any of you -- not one word."
Sharron was so happy that she was jumping up and down and clapping. I enjoyed seeing her boobs jiggle as she jumped. Due to her excitement, her tiny panties got wedged up between pussy lips and I enjoyed seeing that, too. She saw me looking at her half exposed pussy and sauntered up to me, placing her arms around my neck and brushing her nipples across my chest. "Thanks, Brad." She said. "This will be so much fun. You'll see!"
Then, she pushed me down on my knees in front of her and took a step forward to close the distance between my face and her crotch. Her hands went to her waist and then she slowly lowered her panties to her knees and said, "This might be the last time you ever see me with pubic hair, Brad. Better take your last look now, 'cause in about three minutes, you're going to start shaving me and then we're gonna have sex all night."
"Are we going to have sex the night of your dinner party?" I asked.
"You mean with me?" Sharron giggled and then said, "We'll see, Brad. We'll see."