We wrapped the morning newscast at 7:30 as we usually did, and I started to shut down my equipment as the morning meteorologist came over to my camera. Laura is a tall, slender blonde who just turned 50. She has a runner's body, lean and well toned, but her best feature is her ample chest. Her breasts are large and round, not quite as big as melons, with a slight hang to them. Despite having great legs, she usually wore pants, or skirts that came to her knees. Her tops, on the other hand, were a treat. She was definitely proud of those lovely orbs, often wearing tops that showed more than a little cleavage, and sometimes went braless, even on the air. It was not always evident to viewers, but it was a good morning for those of us who worked close to her when we saw the gentle sway under her dresses. Today was one of those days. She was wearing a black skirt, and an off white peasant top. It was heavy enough that her nipples were not showing through-well, not too much-but I could tell from her bounce that the girls were definitely unbound underneath. A couple of times, I saw her leaning forward over her work station, and got a good look at them swaying as she moved, her pink nipples standing up as her tits bounced. I think she did it to tease me, though I knew she preferred the freedom of going braless whenever she could. And she loved to tease me.
How did I know this?? Laura and I have this wonderful friends with benefits relationship, and we get together for a little fun once or twice a month, occasionally more often as our schedules and dating lives allow. Having both been disappointed in previous relationships and marriages, neither of us wanted the entanglement of a serious relationship, preferring the freedom to come and go, and seek companionship as we pleased. Still, we got along famously, and even without the sex, enjoyed each other's company immensely. It was as close to love as you can get without being in love, and it worked really well for us. We had all the fun, and none of the jealousy. Even so, we loved to tease each other, and did it often, in discreet ways around the TV station where we worked, and more openly elsewhere. So it was not uncommon for Laura to show off for me, even at work. She knew it made me crazy.
As she approached, I enjoyed the sight of her boobs jiggling under her top. "Can I stop by your place later for a shower?? I have to do an interview later, and it will be easier than going all the way home and coming back here." Though Laura mostly did weather, she was a well rounded newscaster, and also did features for us, so a full day after her morning gig was not unusual.
"Sure," I said, knowing that it would likely be a few moments of soapy togetherness for us. "I'll be home. When will you be over??"
"About an hour," said Laura. "Make sure the water's warm."
"It will be, not that you won't turn it to steam anyway. Besides, I'm looking forward to playing with what's under your top."
Laura looked around. The studio was now empty. "You mean these??" she said, pulling up her top for a few seconds to reveal her swaying tits. She smiled, kissed me quickly and turned to go. As we shared our brief kiss, I reached over, grabbing her left tit. I loved the way the heft of it felt under the soft cotton of her top. "Hey!!" she scolded me, smiling as she slapped my hand away. "You'll get plenty of that later. See you in the shower."
An hour or so later, I heard a car pull up in my driveway, and I hit the button for the garage door as Laura got out of her car. She bounced through the garage and into the kitchen. We kissed, long and deep this time. As she let go and backed away, I could see her now erect nipples poking through her top. It was an arousing sight, seeing Laura in her black skirt and light top, her full breasts and erect nipples filling it out nicely. Sometimes she'd dress like this when we went out on a date. It always led to really good service in restaurants when guys were waiting on us, and great sex later.
I kissed Laura again, this time taking her left breast in my hand, massaging it through the soft cotton shirt. She giggled as I tweaked the nipple, then sighed as I rolled it between my thumb and index finger. As we continued kissing, I reached under Laura's top, now playing with her free hanging tits. We were getting into a good groove when I heard a car pull into the driveway. "Who the hell could that be??" I thought, thinking my morning delight with Laura was going south, and not in the way I wanted.
"Hold on," I told Laura, breaking the kiss, but not letting go of her tits just yet. "Let me see who that is."
"It's probably Kelly," said Laura. I looked at her quizzically. "She spilled coffee all over her dress, and needed to do something with it. I told her to stop by, maybe you could help, since it's a lot closer to come here than go all the way out to her house." I was suddenly questioning the wisdom of living so close to work. "You have a washer and dryer, right??"
"Yeessss..." I said, wondering where this was going.
"Maybe you can toss her dress in and have it done fast enough to send her back for the mid day news." Laura looked at me with a sparkle in her green eyes.
Hmm...Kelly is our morning anchor. She's in her mid 30's. Except for her dark hair and eyes, she's a mini Laura, more petite at about 5'4" to Laura's 5'8", but almost the same build: slender, slim hips and nice legs, and a slightly smaller set of tits, though they hang more than Laura's. I had often thought about taking a turn with her, but the opportunity had never presented itself. She's been married about seven years, and while I'm not shy about a relationship with a married woman, I didn't get the sense that she was interested, and I didn't pursue her. Usually I let the married ones come to me. It's happened a surprising number of times over the years, and I'm amazed at how much married pussy is available if you have the right approach.
Kelly popped in the door. I looked at her, in a red dress that showed some cleavage-Kelly was not shy about showing off a little either-and a big brown stain down the front. "Looks like you got coffee bombed," I said, laughing.
"It's not funny!!" Kelly protested. "I had a Starbucks cup and the top was loose. When I picked it up, the top popped off and I crushed the cup. Now my dress is soaked, and I have to go back on at noon."
"I think we can take care of you. The washer is in the garage behind you. Get that dress off and I'll get it started."
Kelly looked at me hesitantly. "C'mon, Kelly, just pull it off," Laura chimed in. "We've all known each other a while, it's not a big deal. Here, I'll start." With that, Laura pulled her top off, her magnificent tits bouncing into view.
"Laura!! You're not wearing a bra!! Did you go on the air like that??" Kelly was incredulous.
"Sure," said Laura calmly. "I don't do it all the time, but you know I'd rather go braless and let the girls go free than be bound up. So let's get that dress off. It won't wash itself."
Kelly looked at us a moment, then lifted her dress and pulled it over her head. It turned out Laura was not the only one going braless that morning. Kelly gave us a smile as she stood in my kitchen in just a pair of black 3" heels and red lace panties with an applique floral design on them. "And here I thought I was the only one who dared go on the air that way." Laura and I laughed at that. It just made the 3 AM starts at the station a lot more tolerable, knowing that both ladies might be unrestrained right there in front of me-and a city of morning viewers.
"Bet you need a shower too," I said, seeing Kelly had what looked like a sticky spot on her chest.
"Yeah, I could stand one to get this mess off me. I tried to clean up at the station, but I didn't get it all."
"I need a shower too. I didn't get one after my run this morning," said Laura. "I don't want to go back to do that interview smelling like I just finished a marathon."
"You always smell so sweet," I said.
Laura kissed me. "You're too kind," she said. "But wouldn't you like to get me in the shower, and clean me all up??"
I didn't need to be asked twice. I took the girls by the hand and led them back to the bedroom.
"We're all going in the shower together??" asked Kelly, looking unsure if she wanted to be part of this.
"Oh yeah," I said. "I had a large shower put in when I built the master. Plenty of room."
"We'll all fit," said Laura. "Come on, it'll be fun."
We went into my master bath, and Kelly was impressed with the double sinks, jetted soaking tub, dressing table and walk in closet-and a shower that could easily handle three people. "Wow, this is some bathroom!!" she said. I wish I had one like this-even half as good."
"I had it done when I came into an inheritance some years back. I figured it would add resale value to the house, and if I was ever foolish enough to get married again," I said, giving Laura a sideways look, "my next wife might appreciate a nice bathroom she could relax in while getting ready for whatever the day was going to offer."
Kelly looked around while I got the water started. While I was doing that, Laura unzipped and dropped her skirt, revealing a sheer pair of off white bikini panties that gave me a good view of the thick patch of hair beneath them. She pulled them off, kicking them back into the bedroom onto the bed. Kelly stood gaping at Laura, taking in her colleague's athletic frame, pendulous breasts and hairy twat with its slightly parted lips hiding in the dark blonde curls. It was obvious she had not seen Laura naked til now. She was impressed, her nipples becoming erect as she looked at Laura.
"Why don't you two get started while I get us some towels," I said, hoping I'd come back to find them soaping up. I got a couple of sets of towels from the linen closet in the walk in, coming back to find Kelly's red panties on the chair by the dressing table and the girls in the shower. I opened the door to find them lathering up, giggling like school girls as they washed each other's soft swaying tits. My cock, which was already well on the way to a raging hard on, now came to full attention. They continued to wash as I watched, Laura taking the initiative to wash Kelly's ass and belly, finally reaching down to play in her dark pelt, running her fingers through the thick hair between Kelly's legs, and opening her labia, making Kelly sigh.
"Mmmmmm..." Kelly moaned as Laura played over her clit. "Wow, Laura, that feels so good. I hope there's a lot of hot water, I want this to be a long shower."
"Well, then, you'll like this," said Laura, easing Kelly down onto the bench along the wall. She had Kelly slide forward so her pussy was at the edge of the seat. "Open wide," said Laura softly, giving Kelly a smile. Kelly opened her legs, revealing her now wide open labia. It looked like Laura was in for a treat. She wasted no time, going right in on Kelly, licking her labia up and down, just grazing her clit, and gently tugging on Kelly's lips with her mouth. Kelly was enjoying the attention, taking Laura's head in her hands, pushing it up and down as Laura licked her pussy into a frenzy. I wanted to get in on the fun too, so I knelt down behind Laura, raising her hips up for better access, and started licking that furry paradise I had gotten to know so well. Laura jumped when I stuck my tongue inside her, then started humping my face as I licked up and down her big pussy lips, and teasing her clit. My attack on Laura caused her to intensify her assault on Kelly's churning pussy, sending Kelly over the edge, gushing her juice all over Laura's pretty face. I picked up my pace, and soon Laura was releasing her pussy cream all over mine. I stayed with her til her climax subsided, then stood up behind her, helping her up on somewhat shaky legs.
Laura turned to me for a moment, kissed me, stroking my cock. "I see you've been enjoying the show," she said, smiling, as Kelly looked up from her spot on the bench. "Now I want some of that," she said, squeezing my pulsing erection. She looked down at Kelly. "Stay where you are, Kelly. I'll have something for you to do in a moment."
Laura turned back to face the wall, again taking hold of my cock. She gave it a few strokes, then pulled me toward her, and I entered the familiar confines of her steaming blonde cunt, pushing forward til the head rested on the entrance to her womb. I could feel my balls up against her clit. I slowly started pumping her, making sure my balls bounced on her clit with every stroke. Kelly was agape, watching her co-anchor get plowed right in front of her face. Laura ground back at me, making sure my balls rubbed her hard, and she was soon getting out of breath. I reached around her, taking her swinging tits in my hands, massaging them and playing with her erect nipples, eliciting a moan. Then I kissed her neck and earlobe, gently tugging on it with my teeth. Laura responded by bucking back into me, her hips shaking in a small orgasm.
"Kelly, lick me," Laura gasped. Kelly looked up at Laura, then leaned forward, taking Laura's hips in her hands as she dove into Laura's hairy muff. She watched my cock sliding in and out of Laura's labia. "Lick me, sweetie," Laura again urged Kelly on.
I felt Kelly's tongue on my cock as she started to lick Laura's clit. I pulled my cock all the way out, teasing Laura's clit with the head as Kelly licked, now getting both of us in her mouth. Every couple of strokes, Kelly would take my surging cockhead, swirling her tongue around it before letting it go. The feeling was exquisite. Laura was getting close, so I pushed my dick all the way inside her, telling Kelly to just work on her clit. Kelly did, and Laura cried out and exploded in orgasm, soaking Kelly's face and my cock with her sweet woman come. I held Laura's hips so she wouldn't collapse onto Kelly.
As Laura's orgasm retreated, I once again pulled my cock most of the way out of Laura, just leaving the head in. "Lick my cock," I told Kelly, "nice and easy." Kelly looked up at me, then started licking the part of my shaft that was still outside Laura, holding my balls in her right hand as she licked up and down. "That's amazing, Kelly. I'll need you to stop when I tell you, so I don't blow my whole load right away." I wanted her to edge my cock in Laura's pussy so I'd release some come, but hold some back for a round with Kelly.
"OK," said Kelly, not missing a beat on my swelling cock. She licked up and down, and I was soon getting near coming, as I could feel the tingle of my come starting to rise. "Kelly, stop!!" I told her, and she pulled away. The head of my cock pulsed and throbbed, and I felt a thick flow of semen start to wash into Laura like a tidal surge, going into her deep enough that she'd have my sperm in her all day, but with some spilling back out of her.
Laura groaned as my come flowed into her waiting vagina, a long thick stream that flowed for almost a full minute. "Oh!! Oh, God, I love when you do that to me, I feel so full and so hot." Laura's hips shuddered as I pulled out and the thick white flow dripped over her clit and into Kelly's mouth, some going onto her tits. Kelly laughed at the unexpected treat, then swallowed what was on her tongue. As I pulled away, Laura pulled Kelly to her, having her lick my come out of her now dripping twat. "Make sure you get the come running down my leg, too. I can't have that rolling down my calves while I'm on the air."
"You mean thighs??" asked Kelly.
"No, well, that too," said Laura. "When Tom comes in me, it runs all the way down my legs into my shoes. One day after we had one of these morning moments, I got back to the studio and got out of the car. When I stood up, I felt a wet streak on my calf. His come was just about to my ankle. Probably should have worn panties that day, but I didn't remember where I took them off, and I left in a hurry. Even with the shower, I'll have come dripping into my panties the rest of the day." Laura smiled and looked back at me, then leaned back to kiss me. "And you know how I love that!!" she said to me, then kissed me again.
"Ohhh..." said Kelly, realizing she was about to find out exactly what Laura meant. Kelly licked Laura til she had a good taste of my sperm, bringing Laura to another good come in the process. Laura stepped away, and I took Kelly's hands, raising her to a standing position, kissing her and playing with her tits as she stood up.
Laura took Kelly's place on the seat, taking my cock in her mouth as soon as she sat down, licking up the remainder of the sperm that was still oozing from the head. I turned Kelly toward the wall, looking down to see her open pussy framed by the thick patch of dark hair between her legs. Laura took my cock in her hand, placing it at Kelly's opening, and I pushed in. As with Laura, I went inside Kelly til the head of my cock was poking her womb, my balls on her clit. I reached around in front of her, taking her hanging tits in my hands, feeling the weight of them, squeezing them and playing with her erect nipples. Laura started in immediately, licking Kelly's clit as I slowly pumped in and out. Laura was having quite an effect on Kelly, and she was soon convulsing around my cock, which was swelling as I grew closer to my own climax.
Once Kelly came, Laura turned her attention to me. She licked down my shaft to my balls, licking them all around. Then she surprised me by taking the left one entirely into her mouth, swirling her tongue over it as she massaged the other one. I felt my cock stiffen. So did Kelly, who yelped as my cock pushed hard against her cervix. I was leaking come profusely into Kelly by now. Having already edged a big load into Laura, I was primed and my sperm flowed easily. I slowly pushed in and out of Kelly, pushing into her cervix each time.
Laura let go of my left nut, taking a moment to give Kelly's clit some attention. "Did you like that??" she asked Kelly.
"Oh, yesss," Kelly answered dreamily. "You made him so hard, I thought his cock was going to push up into my belly."
"Wait til I get done with him this time," said Laura. "He'll be in your throat."
"Mmmmmm..." said Kelly, her overheated cunt gripping my cock.
"I'm going to make him come, too," said Laura. "Do you want me to make him come in you??"
"Yesss..." Kelly again replied, her pussy clutching my cock tightly.
"Are you on the pill??"
"No," said Kelly. "But I love taking a cock bareback, how it feels to have a guy's big bare dick in my pussy, and the way it feels when he fills me with a big load of come. My husband almost always wears a rubber, so I don't get that wonderful feeling when his cock spews inside me, or the drip of his come into my panties all day."
"You sure you want me to make Tom come in your pussy??" asked Laura again.
"Yes, oh yessss!! I want to know how it feels to be full of his come, to feel it seeping into my panties and down my legs all afternoon."
Laura took my right nut into her mouth, giving it the same attention she had given the left one only a few minutes earlier. I was a lot closer to coming now. Between Laura's oral magic and Kelly's twat clenched around my cock, I knew I'd be blowing a big load into Kelly's unprotected womb very soon. Laura stoked the fire as she sucked on and let go of my right nut.
"You ready, Kelly?? Can you feel Tom's cock growing??
"Oh, yeah," Kelly whimpered, her own orgasm building.
"You know he's going to shoot wad after wad of his seed deep into your womb."
"Yes." Kelly's breathing was getting shorter.
Laura addressed me. "Tom, honey, are you ready to come??"
"You know I am," I answered.
"Good, sweetie. I know you have a big thick load of baby batter for Kelly. Give it all to her, maybe you can knock her up."
My balls tightened up as I reached the point of no return, and Laura released the one she was sucking on, now fondling both while I pushed deep into Kelly, pressing hard on the opening to her womb. She cried out as she reached her peak. "Come inside me, Tom, I want to feel your big bare cock spilling your hot seed deep in my fertile married pussy."
My come started to erupt in Kelly's cunt, a hard streak of semen that splashed her cervix and into her womb, then another, then more, six or seven big spurts, then another three or four smaller ones as my orgasm relented. Kelly cried out as my sperm filled her, her hips shaking and bucking as my come hitting her sent her into orbit. Laura added to the intensity by licking Kelly's clit while I was coming inside her. Kelly screamed as Laura sucked hard on her love bud, and was rewarded by a heavy flow from Kelly's cunt as her juices overflowed, along with a heavy dose of my sperm, which was spilling back out even as I was still coming, dripping onto Laura's face and tits.
"Damn," said Laura with a laugh, once Kelly and I finished and relaxed. "I thought I made you come a lot!!"
"You did," I said. "But with two of you, I bet I came twice as much."
"I'll say!!" said Kelly. "I am SOAKED!! No wonder Laura worries about your come in her shoes."
"Well, you did say you wanted to feel my come dripping into your panties all afternoon."
"I know," said Kelly, "but this load will be dripping out of me til the weekend. How am I going to explain to my husband why I'm such a mess??"
"I think I can help you take care of that," I said, looking down at Laura.
Laura winked at me. "It's OK, Kelly. He'll get you cleaned up. I think you'll like it." I slowly backed out of Kelly's flooded cunt with a slurp. Laura, still below us, caught on her tongue the big puddle of semen that immediately dropped from between Kelly's still spread labia.
"Mmmm, tasty," said Laura, licking her lips as she rubbed the come that had dripped on her tits over her nipples. Once Laura had smeared her tits with sperm, she licked back up into Kelly's dripping slit, getting another healthy pool of my sperm, this time swirling her tongue around Kelly's clit. Kelly's hips shook as Laura gave her a good tongue bath, slathering her pussy with my come. Kelly, who had never completely come down from her last orgasm, bucked her pussy into Laura's mouth, letting out a yelp.
"Let it go, Kelly," said Laura. "Spew your juice and Tom's come all over me." Laura gave Kelly another good lick, making Kelly scream as her ass and legs tensed up as she came hard. Laura held Kelly up while her orgasm overtook her, then kissed her bush and belly.
Kelly let out a sigh. "Damn, that was intense," she said as she looked down, smiling. "Damn, Laura, you know how to make a girl feel good."
Laura looked up and smiled. "That's cause you taste so good, especially with a big load of come in you. And I've had a little practice over the years. Wanna see how Tom's come tastes??" Laura gently eased Kelly down to her knees, til her face was squarely in front of Laura's hairy leaking snatch. She slid forward on the bench while pulling Kelly toward her. Kelly got the idea quickly, licking her lips as she approached, then diving into Laura's twat, getting a good taste of what Laura had just sucked from her own come filled pussy.
Kelly licked around for a moment, getting a good mouthful of semen. "Wow, he does taste good!! I love his come." Kelly looked up at me. "I love your come, Tom, it's sweet."
"You should try it directly some time," I told her. "Though I think Laura likes feeding it to you."
Our attention turned to Laura, who was enjoying the girl on girl action she was getting. Her tits were heaving as her breathing sped up in response to Kelly's oral assault and she was starting to moan, her hips thrusting into Kelly's mouth as her younger colleague worked over her blonde twat, returning the favor she had just received. A few moments later, Laura's hips thrust forward sharply, and she let out a long moan as Kelly pushed her over the edge into orgasm, quickly rubbing them up and down on Kelly's still lapping tongue. Kelly closed her lips down on Laura's clit, making her scream. Kelly held there as Laura came all over her face, flooding it with a heavy mix of her own juice and my sperm from earlier.
Kelly finally released Laura's love button and slowly moved up on Laura, kissing her deeply. It was a real turn on to watch the girls kissing, knowing they could taste themselves and my come on each other. They pulled apart with a smile, then shared a short kiss.
Wow, Laura, you taste so sweet, that was great!!" said Kelly, a wide smile on her face.
"You're pretty tasty yourself," said Laura.
"We should do this again," said Kelly.
"Yes, definitely," said Laura, taking Kelly's hands as they stood.
"Glad I could help," I said, teasing them. Both girls laughed, then kissed me.
"We won't neglect you," said Laura. "After all, it was your come that was the icing on Kelly's pie."
"Yeah," said Kelly. "I think we need to spend more time together, so Laura can feed me your come from her tasty pussy." She looked over at Laura, again giving her a kiss. Finally we all finished up, since we all had to get back to work before too long.
Laura was first out of the shower, hurrying along as she had to be back in less than 30 minutes. I followed, Kelly staying in the shower a little longer to try and clean up. I watched as Laura stepped into her panties, her pussy still showing signs of the come I had left in her a little while ago. I'd tease her later about being on the air with my semen seeping out of her. She pulled on her skirt, then her top over her bare tits. Watching her dress was almost as sexy as watching her undress.
Laura smiled at me. "Gotta go, have that interview in a half hour." She stepped over to kiss me as I was toweling off.
"See you tonight??" I asked.
Laura thought a moment. "Can't, sorry."
"Hot date??"
"Actually, yes. Having dinner with a guy I met at a 5K a couple of weeks ago. Maybe it will go well. He's 37, divorced, and an environmental lawyer."
"Hope that goes well. Text me the details later. Maybe you'll get laid."
Laura got a sly smile. "Ya never know. I might get lucky."
"In that case, text me pictures. Hope he doesn't mind sloppy seconds."
"You're such a perv!!" said Laura, getting a big grin.
"That's because you're so much fun to perv over. Hey, do Kelly a favor-throw her dress in the dryer on your way out??"
"Sure thing. I'll see you at the station. Don't make Kelly late!!"
"I won't. Not for work, anyway." Laura smiled and blew me a kiss and she was out the door.
Kelly, meanwhile, had gotten out of the shower, and was drying, trying to soak up the come that was still seeping from her pussy. "I can't believe how much of a mess you made me. Laura wasn't kidding. I'll never be able to explain this to my husband."
"She told you about how much I come??" I asked, in mock amazement.
"Yeah. We were talking one day last week, and the conversation got around to our love lives, and she mentioned that you two were sorta dating."
"We have a 'friends with benefits' arrangement-which is why when Laura told me she had a date just now, I didn't get bent out of shape. It's a pretty solid friendship without the sex, but, of course, we enjoy each other that way too, as you probably noticed."
"Yeah, I see!! You're really hot together. No wonder you come like you do."
"And you can see she doesn't mind if I take on another partner. She was really into us playing in the shower. Is that the first time you've done that??"
"No, I've been there before, though not with Laura. It's pretty obvious, isn't it??"
"It sure was," I said, hoping Kelly would be comfortable with the idea.
"I want to try it again some time. I did some of that in college-usually with two guys, I was a bit of a slut-but not recently. I forgot how much fun a three way can be."
"We can do that. I'm sure Laura won't mind another round. Meanwhile, let's get you cleaned up some more." I led Kelly to the bed, easing her down on her back, pushing her up toward the head of the bed. As her legs opened up, so did her outer labia, revealing slightly parted inner lips that were slick with come, all framed by her dark bush. I kissed my way up her thighs, then her outer lips, working around the opening that was begging me to dive in. Kelly looked down at me.
"You really going to do that??" she asked, giving me a curious look.
"You bet. Sometimes this is the best part." I smiled at her.
"My husband won't go down on me after he's come in me."
"A lot of guys are put off by the idea of tasting their own come, even if it's in such a tasty pussy as yours. It can be really hot for both partners if you're into it." I licked Kelly right up the middle, lingering and getting as much of my come on my tongue as I could. Once I got as much as I could get, I rose up and kissed Kelly hard, swirling my tongue around hers so she would taste our mixed juices. Her kiss got more intense as she took the post orgasmic mix from me.
"Wow, that was hot. Do it again." I slid back down on the bed, this time licking around Kelly's labia and teasing her clit before going back to her mouth.
"Mmmm, that's good. I could get into this." Again I went down on Kelly, once more giving her generous taste of our sex. She licked her lips as I pulled away.
"Any time your husband doesn't want to go down on you, just remember there's someone who will," I told her, hoping to fuel that fire.
Kelly thought a moment. "You'd go down on me with his come inside me??"
"Get him to come in your pussy, then come see me. You'll go home messier than you got here."
"Oh..." Kelly gave me a sheepish grin. By now, I had licked out, and given Kelly, a good part of the sperm that was still inside her, and I was hard again. As we kissed following my last clean up, I positioned my renewed erection at her opening and slowly slid in. Kelly's hips jumped as she felt the head push on her clit, then open her labia. "Aaaahhhhhh," she sighed, reaching down to hold my cock as it entered her. "Ohhh..." as I hit bottom, poking her cervix."That feels good, so good, your bare cock inside me, but I hope you're not going to come inside me again. I'll never make it back to work for the noon broadcast."
"I won't let you be late," I laughed. "The clean up will be a lot easier this time." Kelly looked up at me. "You'll see." I pumped into Kelly's twat, pulling out and teasing her clit on each stroke. Soon she was breathing hard, so I lingered on her hot button, then pulled my cock out and stroked it over her clit, then poked it with the head again. Again, I slowly entered her, going all the way to the opening of her womb. I ground on her clit, which sent her over the top. Her hips started to convulse, her vaginal muscles squeezing my cock as she came. I rode it out, then looked down at her, kissing her as she caught her breath. "Now for the fun part."
I pulled my dick out of her overheated pussy, moving up to her chest, straddling her. I put my slick cock between her tits and started to pump between them, taking an occasional detour to rub the head on her nipples, which were standing straight up. Kelly smiled up at me, then took the head of my cock in her mouth on the next up stroke. She held it a moment while she licked all around it, then let go. She repeated the motion on my next stroke. This time I stayed, propping myself up, pushing in and out as she swirled her tongue.
"Keep that up, and I'll come again very soon," I said, looking into her brown eyes. Kelly let go of my cock.
"I hope it's all over my tits," she said with a smile.
"Yeah, then you can just rub it in and go back to work. You know I'll be sitting there at my camera watching you, knowing you're not wearing anything under that dress but a coating of my sticky semen."
"Laura was right-you are a perv!!" said Kelly, laughing.
I went back to pumping my cock between Kelly's hanging tits, loving the feel them around my shaft. "Kelly, sweetie, you're about to get what you asked for." I pulled back, taking my now pulsing cock in my hand, and pointed it at her left breast. I shot a rope of semen over it, landing it in a streak starting on the under side, going over her nipple, and almost to her shoulder. That was followed by another that hit closer to the middle, and slid down into the valley between her tits. I then took aim at her right tit, doing the same. I put my still spewing dick between them, letting it slide in the accumulating come while I shot onto Kelly's chin. She recovered enough to take the head in her mouth, licking up and swallowing the last bursts of my waning climax.
I stopped shooting, pulling my cock from Kelly's mouth. I moved over to her left tit, smearing my come over her nipple, making her squirm and giggle, then spreading it all around her breast. I repeated the process on her right tit, taking the come from between them and working that into her skin all over both tits til it was getting sticky.
Kelly was taking up what she could of my load and licking it off her fingers. She smiled at me. "Your come tastes nice," she said, her finger lingering in her mouth.
"I can get you more," I told her, my dick bobbing in front of her. She leaned up and licked what was still seeping from the head, cleaning me.
"I might take you up on that," she said. "I'm free most mornings."
"Funny, so am I. You might have to fight Laura for it, though. She has a pretty good appetite for my come, too."
"I have a feeling she and I can figure out some way to share," said Kelly, a sparkle in her brown eyes. "I'll talk to her."
"I'm sure you will," I said chuckling. "Let me know how that turns out."
Kelly looked up, seeing the time on the cable box, said, "Oh crap, I gotta get out of here!! You did get my dress in the dryer, right??"
I looked at the time. 11:05-not too bad, enough time to get dressed and back to the studio for the broadcast. "Laura got it on her way out. I'll get it for you." I was glad for wash and wear clothes. They weren't the finest garments, but you could get them through the laundry quick and back on if you had to, and they still looked decent. I went to the garage, pulled Kelly's dress from the dryer and shook it out. The stain had washed out, much to my great relief. I took it in to Kelly, who was giving her hair a quick blow and brush. She took the dress as she finished up, and pulled it on. I zipped up the back for her, and she adjusted it to sit right. "We're good, looks like the stain has washed out. If you're serious about coming over some mornings, you may want to leave a couple sets of clothes here, just in case."
"Yeah, good idea. I might do that," said Kelly. "I just hope Laura doesn't steal them!!"
"How does it feel on your sticky tits??" I teased her.
"Not too bad, most of your come has dried, though I can feel the stickiness between them," she said as she tugged at the hem and sides. "I can really smell your come inside the top though, probably because I didn't really clean it up, I just rubbed it in and let it dry."
I laughed. "Try not to get too distracted while you're reading your copy, thinking about how it got there." I was going to be distracted, looking at these two hot women that were filled with my sperm, thinking about doing it again. We finished getting dressed and headed for the studio. Kelly got ahead of me, and was already in make up when I arrived. I went into the studio and set up. Laura was already there getting her forecast together.
"You two have fun??" Laura asked with a knowing look.
"You know we did."
"Wonder what her husband will say when she comes home with two loads in her."
"He'll never know. She only has one anyway." Laura gave me a curious look. "I cleaned her up after, and made her come again. The second time I came on her tits. She rubbed it in, but didn't clean up. Bet if you get close, you can smell the come on her."
"Hmmm..." Laura knows how it feels for me to go down on her after I've filled her. "How'd she like the clean up??"
"She liked it as much as you do. I told her to have her husband come inside her, I'd clean her up, then give her another load."
Laura smiled. "You'd do that??"
"You know me well enough to know the answer to that. Come over after your date tonight, I'll show you."
Laura looked at me. I could see the wheels turning. "I might just. I'll have to get my date to come in me, though."
I looked at Laura, her nipples starting to poke through her top. "I have a feeling you won't have a problem getting him there."
"Ha ha. You know I won't." We ran through our broadcast, the girls giving me knowing glances from time to time. I could tell Kelly was still feeling the effects of our morning get together, as she was shifting in the anchor chair quite a bit, giving me a look every time she did. Laura's nipples stayed poky for the whole broadcast, which was really distracting, though I enjoyed watching her swing and sway through her forecast.
After the show was over, Kelly got her copy together and headed back to her dressing room, giving me a knowing look and a cheery "Bye, Tom." Laura hung back to chat for a moment before she headed out. I pointed out how she was poking though her top.
"Damn," said Laura, looking down at her still erect nipples. "We're gonna get letters. The bosses hate when that happens."
"I don't mind it," I teased her.
"I know you don't!!" Laura smiled at me. "But last time this happened, I got a lecture about modesty, decency, and all that other crap. We're supposed have a family friendly look, ya know."
"I like it better when you just look friendly. You succeeded marvelously just now."
"You'd have me do the forecast naked."
"In heels," I said, fueling the flames. "There's a channel for that too, by the way."
"I was right, you are a perv!!" said Laura, laughing.
"Yeah, well, I hope your date tonight is a perv too."
Laura collected her stuff to get going. "I'll let you know," she said with a twinkle in her eyes, then headed for the door.
"Send me pictures!!" Laura went out, and I was now alone. I got my equipment shut down and headed home.
About 9:30 that night, I got a text from Laura. "Good date, had fun."
"How much fun??" I sent back.
"Got laid."
"How many times??" I texted back.
"Twice," came the answer.
"He must have been quite the stud," I replied.
A couple minutes later, a text came in, taking a moment to load. When it came in, there was an upskirt picture of Laura's thighs, her thick pubic patch, and a thick white stream of her date's semen spilling from between her slightly parted labia. As I was looking at the result of my friend's dinner date, another message came in. "How's that for ya?? Did I have too much fun??"
"Not nearly enough," I texted back. "I'll be there in 15 minutes." I got in the car and bolted for Laura's place. She heard me pull up in the driveway, and met me at the door. She was wearing a low cut dark yellow sundress that came about 6" above her knees. She kissed me as I walked in the door, her tongue lingering as we held each other. I felt her shiver as we kissed.
"You OK??" I asked.
"I'm just fine," she said. "I felt something on my leg." Laura pulled away from me, both of us looking down. She had a streak of come sliding down her left thigh, almost to her knee. She looked at me. "Want to add to that??"
"Silly question," I said as she pulled me into the house. She sat on the sofa, leaning back, her left leg bent, up against the back, revealing her leaking pussy and a streak of come down her left leg as her dress rode up.
"Then come fuck my sloppy cunt." Laura smiled at me as I pulled off my t shirt and jeans, my cock already hard, and got in position over her. She looked up at me. "Hey, someone promised he was going to lick the come out of my pussy after my date," said Laura, remembering our conversation about Kelly from earlier in the day.
"I did say something about that, didn't I?? Well, I don't like to disappoint a lady." I knelt on the floor in front of Laura, pushing her legs farther open, getting a good look at the mess between her thighs. Her labia were coated with sperm, her bush was wet with blobs of semen hanging in the thick hair around them. "Damn, he must have been hot for you!!" I said to Laura, looking down at her. "You're totally soaked!!"
I licked along the inside of Laura's left thigh, making her jump and giggle. Already I could taste her date's come where it had slid down her leg a minute ago. The aroma of come and pussy was overpowering as I licked lightly around Laura's outer lips and bush, lingering on her clit, causing her to moan quietly. Then I slurped right into her still dripping cunt, getting a big glob of her date's sperm, which I licked all around her pussy, and up onto her clit. Laura cried out and her hips shook as I slathered it with semen from her freshly fucked twat. I went back for another dip into her leaking muff, again tonguing her clit as I covered it with her lover's spent sperm. That was all it took, as Laura cried out in a long moan and her pussy flooded with her orgasm, pushing more of her date's come out and down her ass onto the sofa.
"I want your cock in me," Laura gasped through her climax. "Put it in me, fuck me til you flood me with another big load." I moved up so I was over her. She took my cock in her hand, guiding me to her gooey target. I felt my cock easily spread her slippery labia and enter her flooded vagina with a slurp as Laura again let out a moan.
Once Laura and I settled into a more relaxed pace, I questioned her about her date. "So, how did this mess all get started??"
"I teased him mercilessly. I think the dress helped. I leaned forward a lot." No doubt. The top came to a deep V, giving a view of the side, and even some of the underside of Laura's tits, a view that would get a dead man hard. When she leaned over, I'm sure he had a great look at them in their entirety, all the way to her poking nipples.
"Did you wear panties??" I asked, having a good idea what the answer was.
Laura looked at me with a sheepish grin. "No," then smiled again.
"I bet you flashed him too."
"A couple of times." Laura's smile got wider. "I flashed him a couple of times on the way to dinner, but it was when I flashed him getting in the car after that we got going the first time."
"How did that happen??" I asked, slowly churning in and out of Laura's creamy hole, her date's come leaking back out of her as I stroked my cock in and out.
"He looked at my pussy, and said if I keep showing off, he was going to dive right in there. I told him to get in the back, and I opened the door and slid in. He followed, and went down on me right there in the restaurant parking lot. When he was done, I told him I wanted his dick in me. I opened his pants and pulled out what looked like about a 7" hard on with a nice thick head. I pulled him to me, played that fat head on my clit for a moment, then let him push in. He made me come twice while he was licking my twat, so I was ready. I felt him spread me open, then go deep, hitting my cervix, which set me off again all over his cock. He told me he wasn't going to last long at that rate. I told him to just fuck me, I wanted to feel his come splashing into my womb, and wrapped my legs around him, pushing my hips up to meet his cock thrusting down into me. That was all he needed, and I felt his dick pulse and then his come spilling deep in me, spurt after spurt flooding me, then overflowing onto his back seat. We stayed there a moment, and I suggested we come back here, and finish with a more relaxed session. He pulled out and got his pants back on while I just lay there, feeling his come drip out of me. He asked if I wanted a napkin or something to clean up with, and I told him, no, I like the feel of a man's come all over and inside me."
"How'd he react to that??" I asked, my cock about to the bursting point from Laura's description of her hot back seat sexual encounter.
"He looked at me a little funny. He told me on the way here that almost every one of his partners has been pretty fussy about cleaning up after sex. I told him I wasn't like most women that way, and I hoped he liked sloppy sex. The look on his face when I got out of the back to move up front was priceless when he saw the long string of his sperm that dripped out from under my dress, leaving a puddle on the pavement."
I was about to the breaking point. "Damn, that's hot, Laura. I'm going to make you a lot sloppier before long."
"Mmmm, you know I want more. I want your hot come for the icing on my date. Then I'll tell you what happened when we got back here, after he played with my dripping cunt on the way home."
I love a woman who likes messy sex and talks dirty. You wouldn't know it from seeing her on TV, but Laura is pretty graphic when describing what she wants her lovers to do, though it's pretty hard not to get worked up when your girl is telling you to 'come fuck my sloppy cunt.' Between that, and her story, I was there. I told her I was going to come inside her sperm filled twat.
"Ooohhh, do it. I feel your cock so hard inside me, in my cunt, sliding in and out of me using my date's come for lube. Mmmm, I can feel the head on my cervix, fill me up. Mix your seed with my date's."
That was all for me, and I pushed in deep, unloading long bursts of sperm into Laura's already flooded pussy, feeling it flow back out of her, making her ass and my balls a sticky mess. My come set her off, and her pussy clamped on my cock, squeezing more come out. I held my cock inside her as my orgasm trailed off, finally pulling out slowly, watching my still half hard, come slicked erection emerge from her pussy. Immediately, a big bubble of come spilled from her spread lips, starting a river of semen flowing down her ass. Her bush, a wet tangle when I got there, was now soaked in her juices and sperm. She looked slutty and hot.
I sat up on the sofa, Laura's legs in my lap. "So, how did the rest of your date go??"
"We had fun," said Laura, coyly.
"I noticed," I said, feigning slight annoyance at her tease.
"I sat so he could see the mess he had made of my pussy, and he reached over to play with my clit, rubbing his come all over it as we drove. You know how l like my pussy played with after it's full of a guy's come. I must have had three orgasms in the ten minutes it took to get back here.
"When we pulled in the driveway, I pulled him to me kissing him hard while he still had his hand up my dress. I rubbed his pants, and he was already hard again. I told him we should go inside, which he thought was a good idea. I immediately led him to the bedroom, where I pulled my dress over my head. I was now wearing only white heels and earrings. He was wearing tan pants, and the bulge in them was obvious. I thought he'd break the zipper right open. I went over to him, kissed him and pulled his shirt off. I kissed him again, pressing my tits into his hairy chest. I think I liked it as much as he did, my nipples got so hard. His hands were all over me, pulling my ass to him. I could feel his stiff cock wanting me. I was so wet my juices were running down my legs, along with some of his come from our back seat fuck.
"I wanted his cock again, but I wanted to go down on him first. I knelt down and opened his pants, pulling them and his briefs down, letting his dick spring out. I took it right into my mouth, tasting the come that was already leaking from the head, giving him a good swirl with my tongue. He stiffened even more, and I pulled his pants off him and moved him so he was on the bed. I climbed up and knelt next to him. I sucked his cock and played with his balls. As hard as he was, I knew he'd last a while since he had come only about 20 minutes before. His balls were heavy and hanging, since he'd just come, and I really enjoyed the feel of them in my hand. But I thought he'd go through the roof when I took one into my mouth-he let out a big moan."
"So, did you offer him a cream pie dessert??" I asked, knowing how Laura likes to be licked out after she's had a guy pump a load of come inside her.
"You know I did!! After I licked and sucked on both his nuts, I swung my pussy over him. I was still really wet, and I knew he'd be looking right at my open lips with his come on them."
"How'd he react??" I asked.
"Better than I expected. He didn't flinch at all. Next thing I knew, his tongue was going up and down my slit, licking up everything he could get. You know what that does to me-I exploded all over his face about 30 seconds later. He just kept sucking all that spent come and pussy juice out of me. I thought I was going to pass out."
"So the guy likes a cream pie. He might have some promise. Wonder how he'll take to licking someone else's come out of you." I smiled at Laura.
"He already has," she said, smiling. "Remember that little present you gave me this morning?? I don't know how much was still inside me, but I could feel it when we went to dinner."
"Did he notice??"
"If he did, he didn't let on. Anyway, after that, I could taste his precome as I blew him, and I told him I wanted him inside me again, so I changed positions so I could ride him. I knew he'd take some time to come again, so I rode him, then we swapped so he was on top. That was great, his balls were so heavy, I loved the way they slapped on my ass. Then we changed again, so he could take me from behind, this time his big balls were banging on my clit. That made me come like crazy, almost bucking him off," said Laura, with a laugh.
"He must have held out a long time."
"He did," said Laura, "but after I came from him pounding me from behind, we switched again."
"Did you offer him your ass??" I asked.
"Oh, no!! Not on a first date. He'll have to earn that privilege." Laura smiled at me.
"So next time," I teased her.
"Maybe." Laura gave me a sly smile. "If he keeps up like tonight, it won't be too long. The rest of the night went fast. I got on top of him again, feeding him my tits, which he sucked on enthusiastically, making me come again. After that, I could feel him getting close again, his cock swelling inside me and pounding my womb. I wanted to watch, so I turned around, that way I could see us in the full length mirror against the wall."
"Bet that was hot."
"Was it ever!! I took his cock and put it at the opening to my pussy and slid down. Watching it go in as I felt the head open me up was intense. I was able to ride him so he hit all the right spots, and I came again. As I did, I sensed him getting closer. I watched as his shaft slipped in and out of my hairy twat, and his balls tightened up. I knew then he was going to fill me again. He reached around me, taking my tits in his hands, and his cock thrust up into me. His balls pushed up against my clit, and I felt his cock throb and his come spill into me. It was really hot watching his balls pulse with each spurt of his come, and I came again while he was shooting into me. He came as much as the first time, I was soaked."
"Yeah, I noticed," I said, "that was quite the sloppy seconds you gave me."
Laura teased me. "You don't seem to mind."
"You don't either. Three loads in two hours-you're quite the come slut."
"Guilty," said Laura. "I love feeling a fat cock shooting me full of sperm."
"Did you tell your guy that??"
"Probably. I said a lot of things in the heat of the moment. That was likely one of them."
"He'll want to share you with his friends after hearing that," I said, hopefully planting a seed.
"I didn't mention you tonight, but if this takes off, maybe I can get us together and you can both have me. That way, I get to share with my friend," Laura said, smiling. "I haven't done a three way with two guys in a long time."
I blew her a kiss. "You really are a slut!!" She blew me a kiss back, then got up, extending her hand. I took it, and got up, letting her lead me to the bedroom. When we got back there, I noticed her heels next to the dresser, looking like they had been tossed there hastily.
"Hey, put those heels on," I said, wanting to recreate her look for the evening. Laura looked at me, smiled, and stepped into them, making her immediately three inches taller. She did a quick twirl to show off. As good as she looked in the dress, in the dress and white heels, she looked even more stunning. "No wonder he wanted to fuck the hell out of you," I said, looking into Laura's eyes. She just smiled. I moved forward to kiss her, our lips meeting in a long, deep kiss. As we kissed, I moved her back so she was leaning against the footboard of her sleigh bed. She pulled away from the kiss and giggled. I asked her what was so funny, and she pointed down. There was a white streak rolling down her left thigh, slowly making its way past her knee and down her calf, finally sliding over her foot into her high heel.
"Tickle??" I asked.
"Yes," Laura giggled. "It always does."
"You just can't help fucking a guy and having his come run down to your feet," I teased her.
"Hey, can I help it if all the guys who fuck me come in buckets??"
Looking at Laura leaning back against the bed in her high heels, her short dress with the neckline showing off her impressive jugs was bringing me back to life. Laura started stroking my cock, speeding the process. I leaned forward to kiss her as she stroked, playing with her tits through her dress. I stepped back, and checking them out, noticed they had hardened, and were quite noticeable through the fabric of her dress. Laura put her left foot up against the bed.
"God, I bet every guy who saw you wanted to fuck the hell out of you tonight."
"I got quite a few looks, which only pushed my state of arousal. By the time we got back to his car, I wanted him to fuck the hell out of me as much as he wanted to do it. So it was rather serendipitous." Laura looked at me, my cock standing out in front of me, bobbing with my pulse.
"Looks like you want another shot at me, too," she said, lifting the hem of her dress and pulling me to her. She nuzzled her clit with the head of my cock, then slipped me inside her. I pumped steadily right from the start. The angle was such that I was drawing the top of my shaft over her clit with each stroke. One of the great things about sex with tall women is that it allows angles and moves that you can't do with someone shorter. Laura, at 5' 8", was one of a very few women I can do this with, and with her in heels, it was the perfect height. The attention to her clit brought her to orgasm in short order, her hips pumping rapidly against me as she came.
Laura was now in overdrive, and we started pounding into each other, my cock slurping in and out of her messy cunt, churning up the three loads of cream already inside her. Laura reached down and pulled up the hem of her dress, lifting it over her head. She was now naked, except for the pair of heels, a bracelet, a watch, and earrings. It was hot watching her hanging tits swing and sway as we fucked. I leaned forward to kiss her, feeling them as they pressed into my hairy chest.
Laura was getting close to another orgasm, and put her left leg around me, pulling my ass into her. I felt the heel of her shoe against the back of my thigh. This pushed my cock into her deeper that it had been, and I could feel my balls pounding her from underneath, more intensely than before, drawing up as my own climax neared.
"Come inside me again," panted Laura, out of breath from a couple of orgasms and strenuous exertion. We had slowed our earlier pace now to mostly grinding into each other, and the feel of her silky insides was pushing me toward the inevitable. Laura felt it too. "I can feel you swelling," she panted as she pushed my cock into her. I felt it pressing on the opening to her womb. "Come for me, honey, fill my womb. Fill me with another load of your hot seed."
That was enough for me. The heat of her filled pussy, along with Laura begging for me to fill her womb, sent me over the edge. I started to spew as thoughts of my sperm filling Laura's baby maker and taking effect, impossible though it was, ran through my head. Despite having come only an hour earlier, I still managed a pretty good load, and it was soon running out of Laura's drenched pussy and down her legs. She held her leg around me for a few moments as our orgasm subsided. I didn't take long to soften up and slip out of her, since this was my second come in less than an hour, something I don't usually do at my age. We held each other and kissed, our bodies still pressed together.
Laura giggled as semen ran down both legs. "I am so soaked!! I can't remember the last time I had this much come in me."
"I'm not surprised. I mean, four loads in a couple of hours, plus some this morning. You've had a busy day. If you had any eggs left, they'd be drowning right now."
Laura laughed. "Yeah, they would. I'd be so knocked up it wouldn't be funny."
"It's funny you should mention that," I said, looking in her eyes. "As I was coming, after you told me to fill your womb, I thought about that."
Laura looked back at me. "Yeah, I did too. Sometimes I get caught up in the moment, as you know. I realized what I said about filling my womb, and for a moment I wanted your baby inside me, crazy as that is. Good thing I'm not ten years younger. We might be in trouble right now."
"Or you would be. You're the one with five loads from two guys in your slutty cunt."
Laura looked at me in mock indignation. "Are you saying I'm a slut??"
"Yup," I replied.
Laura gave me a sheepish smile. "Guilty," she said, then laughed.
"Good," I said. "I wouldn't have you any other way." We moved around to get into bed, facing each other as we lay together. "So, are you seeing this guy again?? I need to know how often I'm going to be getting sloppy seconds."
"I am. We have a date Saturday. We're going on a run, then lunch, then whatever."
"Lots of whatever, I bet!!" I teased her.
"More for you to play in," said Laura. "Getting jealous??"
"Maybe. How old is he, whatever his name is??"
"Steve. He's 37."
I looked at Laura, her head resting on my shoulder as we lay together. "I have to face the reality that at 57, I don't have the stamina and recovery power I did 20 years ago. The virile dynamo you see today is not going to last forever, and eventually, you'll want someone younger with more energy."
Laura kissed me. "Don't you worry. How long have we known each other?? Five years??"
"That sounds about right."
"We've gotten pretty close in that time. You really helped me break in when I came here a few years back, and I'll be forever grateful for that. Besides, you've become a good friend, someone I can rely on when I need something, and someone I just like to be around. You'll always have a place in my heart, and my bed. You know how I feel about getting married again, so don't worry about that happening. Besides, as I get older myself, I realize that while it can be a lot of fun with a younger guy, the quality of an older man's lovemaking is often a lot better in some ways-and you make me crazy when we make love." Laura smiled and kissed me. We were exhausted by this point, and held hands as we drifted in to a deep sleep.
I awoke to see Laura standing over me in a pair of red panties, her pendulous boobs shaking in my face as she shook me. "Come on, sleepyhead, get going. We gotta get out of here." I looked at the clock. It was 2:30. We usually arrived at the station around 3 for the morning newscast. I hastily got up and went into the bathroom to do the usual things one does to get out of the house.
"I could use a shower," I said, noting the aroma of pussy still on my cock from the night before.
"Me too," said Laura. "I'm still pretty wet, and I'm going to smell like 'who just got laid', never mind the come still dripping from me. But we gotta go. We'll come back and shower later." Laura winked at me as she spoke. She was in her walk in closet, pulling out a matching bra to her red panties. It had a lace pattern that allowed her nipples to show through. I had a feeling I was going to enjoy shooting the weather this morning. I watched as she hooked it around her, then pulled it into position. Next she stepped into a khaki skirt, then topped off the ensemble with a red cardigan that was a little darker than her bra and panties.
"That would explain the red undies," I teased her as she buttoned her sweater.
Laura chuckled. "I like to match," she said. "Besides, black shows through. White really shows through under the lights."
"You show through anyway," I pointed out, noting her nipples slightly but noticeably poking through her sweater.
Laura looked at herself in the full length mirror. "Maybe they'll calm down by the time I get on the air."
"I sure won't," I said, giving her tits a squeeze.
Laura looked at me indignantly. "You're going to get me in trouble one of these days," she said, then laughed.
"Wouldn't be the first time, miss go braless, then flash me your tits after the broadcast." Laura laughed.
"Well, you have me there," she said.
"I'll have you back here later, too," I said, hoping to repeat the previous day's encounter, but one on one this time.
"OK," said Laura, kissing me quickly. "But after breakfast. I'll need a shower anyway. I'm still pretty wet from last night."
"Hmm...tight sweater, poky nipples, and come dripping into your panties. I won't calm down all morning with all that to think about while I'm looking at you."
"You're such a perv!!" said Laura.
"That's why you love me."
"One of many reasons," said Laura, kissing me. "We gotta go. I have to get in and get my report ready. Let's just take your car, it's first out of the driveway." We piled out the door and rushed off to the studio.
The broadcast went smoothly, and Laura was a treat to watch, as she usually is. I enjoyed seeing her nipples just barely poking through her sweater, but the real treat was watching her move around. Much of Laura's wardrobe is snug, if not tight. No problem there, she has the body for it, and seeing her in a tight dress or sweater would be a sure cure for erectile dysfunction. As a result, sometimes her button down tops will gap as she moves. The sweater she had on this morning was no exception. When she was facing to the side, as she did often during her forecast, it was obvious. She had opened only two buttons, and her microphone was positioned between the top closed button and the next, adding to the pull, making the gap bigger than it would been otherwise. The next button down was low enough that it was at the center of her bra. Every time she moved, we all got a good look at part of her lacy, red bra. I was loving it, as I'm sure were most of our male viewers.
After the broadcast, Laura and I went back out to my car, and started back to her place. Once we were out of the lot, Laura did the one thing that is sure to turn a guy on. She reached behind her, up under her sweater and unhooked her bra, then slid the strap first off her left shoulder, then her right. She pulled the left one over her elbow, then repeated the move on her right. She looked over at me, then unbuttoned the topmost button she had fastened, and reached in to pull her bra out from under her sweater. She fluffed up the girls once she had released them from captivity, and adjusted her top. She was now unbuttoned so her sweater was open to the bottom of her breasts. If someone were looking, they'd get a good side view of her shapely, large, hanging tits. If she leaned forward, they'd get a full shot of one, maybe both. She looked over at me and smiled.
"Let's get some breakfast before we go back to my place." We stopped at IHOP on the way, Laura bouncing into the restaurant. She sat across from me, her tits filling out her sweater, showing me a lot of cleavage, nipples poking out naughtily in the cool air of the restaurant. We are in a college town, so there are many students working a variety of area jobs. Our waiter was one of them, a dark haired young man in his early 20's. I could see as he took our drink order that he was quite taken with Laura, as his eyes left her sweater only long enough to write down our selections. I had a feeling the service was going to be quite attentive.
"I think you just got another member of your fan club," I teased her.
"I think you're right," said Laura, smiling at me. She adjusted her sweater, guaranteeing our young server would have a superb view of her tits straining at the soft fabric. Laura can be quite animated when she talks, and it was fun to watch her breasts bounce and sway as we conversed. Our waiter reappeared with our drinks, and pulled his pad out to take our order. Laura winked at me, and proceeded to ask questions about several menu items, using a lot of hand motion that made her boobs really shake and bounce. He leaned over to see what she was pointing at, and to highlight some things she was interested in. He was in no hurry, as he was looking down Laura's sweater. I knew he was getting a good look at her marvelous knockers by the way his khaki pants seemed to be bulging out. Finally we got done ordering and he went to put in our food request.
Laura smiled at me. "That should ruin him for the rest of the day."
"How much do you think he saw??" I asked.
"All of my right breast, right down to the nipple."
"Perv," I teased her. "He's going to go home later and stroke off while he dreams about rubbing his boner all over those shapely jugs of yours."
"No doubt," said Laura with a laugh. "If he gives us good service, I may come back in a day or two and invite him to do just that, and let him spurt his thick white goo all over them."
"Keep talking like that, and that's what I'm going to do when we get back to the house."
Laura looked at me, her green eyes sparkling. "Sounds hot," she said, opening one more button on her sweater, then shaking it so it fell open a little more. "Promise??" she teased me. I was liking the view from across the table. I knew our waiter was going to get a real eye opener.
Our breakfast arrived quickly, and our waiter could not have been more attentive. Laura was eating up the attention, I was amused by how she was teasing this kid, leaning forward and back as she talked to him when he'd come to the table.
"You know that kid is going home later and shoot a massive load for you, right?? After the tease you put on him today, you really do owe him a tit fuck."
"I hope so," said Laura, laughing. "And you're right about the tit fuck. I really should pay off for him after today. He is kinda cute, maybe later this week."
We finished up our French toast and headed back to Laura's place to get cleaned up from our antics the night before. Laura was good to our waiter, leaving him a sizeable tip, and her number. I told her he'd probably call before we were out of the parking lot.
Once at Laura's, we went back into the bedroom. I pulled her to me, kissing her hard and long, unbuttoning what was left to undo on her sweater, pushing it off her shoulders. She pulled my shirt over my head, and we kissed again, my hairy chest on her tits, she running her fingers through it while I massaged her hefty jugs. I unzipped her skirt, dropping it to the floor as she did the same with my pants. I pulled her panties down, revealing her furry paradise, still wet from last night. She was stroking me as we kissed, and I was hard as a post. I pushed her down onto the bed, and she scooted up on so I could get on top of her.
Now on the bed, I pushed my stiff cock toward Laura's waiting vagina. I poked at her labia, and finding them not quite ready to receive my swelling cock head, slid it up and down her slit, sliding it through the thick hair around her opening and over her clit, which was just barely poking through. Laura helped by taking my shaft and rubbing the head up and down on herself. I soon felt the wetness of her inner lips and pushed forward, feeling the head force them open, then the slickness of her insides as I entered. Laura jumped and let out a short yelp as I entered, then a sigh as she felt my cock go deep into her. I slowly stroked in and out, savoring the feel of her tight grip, though it was still a little sloppy from last night.
Despite the rough entry, Laura was getting off on the intensity of our "just fuck me" sex, and soon was letting her juices flow all over my cock. I held it deep as she came, letting the head rest on her womb as she bucked and thrust beneath me. I slowly pulled out of her as she came down from her high, climbing up onto her midsection, placing my dick between her splayed hangers.
"You know what I want today, don't you," Laura said, smiling up at me. "This sweater has been driving me crazy all morning. I saw in the monitor what you guys could see, how the gap between the buttons was showing my bra. I was getting hot while I was doing my forecast, knowing what all you guys were thinking. That's why I took it off when we got to the car."
"Yeah, but you do that a lot. I know you'd rather go without a bra than wear one. Though it is really sexy to watch you pull it out from under whatever you're wearing. But watching you braless in that sweater, your nipples poking out, while we were in IHOP was driving me crazy. It was all I could do not to jump on you right there."
Laura smiled. "Then give me what you wanted to give me. Spray your hot come all over my tits." Laura pushed her gorgeous jugs together around my cock. I pushed up til the head was in her mouth, then pulled back. She gave me a good licking, and now my stiffened cock slid easily between her tits. I was already most of the way to coming when I pulled out of her pussy, and the slickness of the valley between her breasts was getting me there quickly. My cock stiffened even harder, and I blasted a rope of sperm that hit Laura's cheek, rolling down into her hair. The second went off her chin, ending up where the first one went. I pulled myself up, shooting the next blast over her left tit, then angling my cock the other way, sent another burst over the right one, missing the nipple, getting closer to the middle. I watched as it slid down into the space between them. I put my still spewing cock where the latest shot of come landed, sliding it up and down on the slippery white goo, pushing my dick into Laura's mouth. She swallowed hard, taking what sperm I was still shooting eagerly. I finished off in her mouth, and she took the shaft in her hand, pulling the head out and rubbing it on her cheeks, then licking off the head as the last few drops of semen seeped out.
Laura released her hold on my dick, then scooped up the come on her cheeks, which she licked off her fingers. She reached down to feel how far it had dripped. "You got come in my hair!!" she exclaimed, laughing.
"Think of it as a protein shampoo," I teased her. "We're going in the shower anyway."
"Good thing. Look at what you did to me." I looked at Laura, her tits coated in a thin white film, a puddle in between them, and the remnants of a couple of streaks of come on her face. I climbed off Laura, and she sat up, which had the result of making all the come on her tits flow downhill, the big puddle between them rolling right down her belly and into the top of her bush. She looked down, then back at me and smiled. I knew why. In one of our encounters, I had pulled out of her when I was ready to come, shooting my load all over her pubes. It was before we went to work one morning, and we didn't have time for a good clean up, so Laura just pulled on a skirt and we took off. It was incredibly distracting sitting in the studio, knowing she was standing in front of me with a huge load all over her bush, hanging up in the thick blonde hair, but that could drip out at any moment. I reminded Laura of that day, and she smiled. Then she remembered she had come in her hair. "I should leave it in there, just like I left it all over my bush the day you came all over me. That was really hot," she said, smiling at me.
"That will get people talking!!" I said, making Laura laugh. We went into the shower, taking our time cleaning ourselves off and enjoying the feel of the warm water. We finished, and I had to get back for a remote, Laura taking the rest of the day off. Lucky for her. When she checked her phone, she had a message from the waiter at IHOP. After serving us pancakes, he was looking to give Laura some batter of his own. Laura told me later how he came over that afternoon and she let him play with the marvelous jugs he'd been admiring in the restaurant, rubbing his cock on them, and letting him shoot his come all over them. For a second round, she blew him til he spewed his load, some in her mouth, and the rest on her tits. She said he was a nice kid with a good looking cock and big heavy balls, and thought she might let him come over and fuck her. I called her a slut, and to let me know how it went.
Laura's date with Steve went well. They went out to run about five miles, though it wasn't a continuous run. There are a lot of places on the trail that are somewhat secluded. They took a break about mid way into their run, Laura taking him to one where she got him to fuck her from behind back in the trees. That relationship looks like it will take off, at least for a while, til he wants to get serious, and she doesn't. It will likely mean we don't see each other as much for a while, though I won't be lacking for attention. After our morning interlude earlier this week, Kelly has been paying a lot more attention to me, and I think I'll be pretty busy with her in the near future.