Just a short vignette, following from earlier stories in the series, but intended as a stand-alone work.+
Just a short vignette, following from earlier stories in the series, but intended as a stand-alone work.
+
It was mid-afternoon and I was on what she called my 'thinking cape', the promontory between the ocean and our bay.
Sometimes computer programmes don't produce results and ideas don't always flow in CAD. On the other hand, sit me on the point to the sound of surf with an old-fashioned HB pencil and a lined yellow pad and, often as not, the problem, being presented in a different way, gets resolved. Very scientific...
I had cracked the nut this afternoon. Oddly enough, it was a feather drifting down from a passing frigatebird that had shifted my mind in the right direction and I had spent the past hour and a half frantically scribbling equations and sketching. Three month's work - sustained, knocked and resolved. What was left now was cleaning it up and putting it down clearly. I was more than content. I could put my mind in Park until tomorrow.
I leaned back in the beanbag chair and watched the seabirds, felt the breezes and sun on my bare skin. The sound of the surf calmed my nerves, for which I was grateful.
Over the surf I heard her voice. Well, no, not voice. What came was a throaty roar, the sound of a woman in full orgasm. She could be noisy, my love, and I loved her all the more for it. There was nothing prissy or inhibited about my girl and there was nobody for miles to hear it but me.
I smiled.
We spent our days on a small private estate on an isolated island, kept company by each other and the tropical birds in the surrounding trees. The almost-constant day and night temperature was 28ºC and clothes were something to be left hanging in our closets.
She was, to my mind, the idea companion. Beautiful, yes, but there was far more to her than that. Intelligent and a rising star in her own field, she was also patient, gentle and a wonderfully uninhibited lover. Her serene wisdom was a perfect foil to my impetuosity. She was, in other words, the perfect Yin to my Yang.
I picked up the pad and pencil and, slipping my sandals on, strolled back towards the villa. I heard her cum again and smiled, my dangling manhood half erect and swaying as I walked.
When I entered the house, she was - as I had expected - on the bed, flat on her back, legs spread, knees bent and her hands resting above her love bud. Her slender body was covered with a film of perspiration and her face and torso were flushed. She smiled weakly at me, her perfect breasts rising and falling under even more perfect nipples. The room smelled of her shampoo and female arousal.
My cock lurched all the way to attention. I sat down beside her and ran one hand along her flank. There was something about her body that made me want to pet her - felinity as much as femininity, I suppose. She and cats had so much in common in terms of sleekness, pride and beauty. My fingers tingled as they lingered over her smoothness.
"Hi," I said. "Missing me?"
"You were so focussed at lunch," she said, smiling lightly. "I didn't want to bother you." Her gaze left my eyes, moved down to my hardness. I could see her pupils expand. She reached out and trailed my it between two soft fingers, moved back to caress my balls. "Looks like you missed me, too, hmm?"
Her hand took mine and guided it to my cock. Her hand pressed my fingers tightly around my member and pumped up and down a couple of times. "You're a little behind, boy," she smiled invitingly.
Her other hand pulled my face down to hers. She pressed her lips against mine, her tongue wandering across my teeth and flickering inside my lips, tantalizing and arousing. How I loved this woman! As decadently sensual as she was smart, as playful as she was beautiful - I knew how incredibly lucky I was.
I stood up and leaned casually against the bedpost, softly stroking my shaft and head. Her one hand moved to stroke her nipples - first one, then the other, gently rubbing and pulling on them. Her other hand slid gently from her bud down into her slit, two fingers inside, stroking her G-spot.
"I can barely see you." she protested. "Turn so I can see."
I moved to the foot of the bed and leaned back against the wall, stroking faster, my fingers barely touching the skin. I had a perfect view of her as she began trailing fingers up along the outside of each of her swollen labia, then down between them. I could see moisture on her fingers. My balls started to rise. I could see her eyes on my rigid organ.
She rolled over to her bedside drawer and brought out a lifelike vibrator. Reaching in again, she tossed me a leather band, perhaps three inches long and half that wide, with button snaps on each end. "Here," she said, "Put it on for me."
We'd Played this before. It worked for me and seemed to push her buttons, too. Pausing my stokes, I caught it in mid-air and wrapped it around my bare scrotum above the Boys, stretching them away from my body. "Better," she said, as I snapped it tight. My cock was hard as oak.
While one hand caressed her beautiful boobs, circled puffy nipples, her other palm rotated firmly on her shaven mound, dragging hidden erotic flesh with it, fingers below softly stroking her clit and labia. She sighed deeply and I watched, entranced. I squeezed my shaft hard and clutched my distended balls. My legs trembled. Her pupils dilated still more and she smiled, knowing the effect she was having on me.
One of her hands held her outer labia apart while her other hand rubbed in a circular motion over her inner lips. She looked at me and, holding my gaze, licked her lips slowly. Blood in my engorged cock pounded beneath my fingers.
She turned on the vibrator and, continuing to finger her clit with one hand, ran it slowly around first one firm breast, then the other, spiraling up to the erect nipples. Her soft flesh dimpled under the pulsing phallic head. She bit her lip and gave a low cry.
I grasped myself more firmly and started to pump, soft skin moving beneath my hand. My bare Twins tried to pull upwards, but were held stiffly out by their leather collar. My heart rate sped up, a heat built in the crown and my balls felt like leashed lead.
She shifted the vibrator to the other hand and lowered it to her mound. She moved it down between her legs but quickly shifted it back up. "God," she moaned. "I've already cum twice. I'm still too sensitive." She turned it down; I could barely hear it.
Pumping my rigid pole a little more slowly with my right hand, I leaned over the bed, resting on my left side, and kissed her, crushing her lips against mine. She tasted of coffee, smelled of sex, leather and distant herbs. Our tongues met like cobras in a tango. Her lips felt hot and swollen beneath mine. I felt her body suddenly tense under me and looked down. She'd managed to overcome her sensitivity; the humming tip of the plastic phallus was rubbing up and down between her swollen and shining pussy lips, dipping a little as it crossed her opening.
She smiled at my watching, "You like?"
"I like. And you?"
"Oh yes," she breathed. "I always like watching you. But go faster." Her fingers stroked my pilloried balls, ever so lightly.
I knelt facing her, my knees between hers. My hands could reach rather less of my length this way, but the pressure between my legs was enormous and my member felt twice as long, rock hard. I rolled its head rapidly back and forth between my palms.
My cock felt so hard it could almost split; my balls felt enormous and distended at the end of their leather cage. I was very close.
She turned the toy so it lay between her legs, base towards her ass and head not quite on her love button. She closed her legs tightly together and squeezed as the sensation increased. Her knees came up and she hugged them against her chest with both arms. The smell of her marine moisture became stronger; I could hear the vibrator's tone change under the new stress. Her rear rosebud twitched, over and over.
I reached over and turned the base of the vibrator, increasing the speed to maximum, then back down, then up again. She gasped; her hips bucked. I pumped myself faster. My balls felt enormous, swollen, waiting. I shifted my hand all the way up my shaft to just under the rim, restricting the length of stroke and totally altering the sensation.
I watched as she dropped her heels back to the mattress and raised her hips off the mattress, thrusting the humming phallus halfway into her pussy, moving it in and out. Her hips fell back, she pulled the buzzing dildo out and moved the tip in a slow circle around her hooded pearl. Her other hand dialed down the speed and she pressed it harder against herself, panting in her need.
Feeling an eruption building in my groin, I started to slow down, delay. I started twisting my cock between my hands, loose skin rolling back and forth. "No, " she said, her shining eyes wide. "I'm too close. Cum for me. Now - while I can still watch."
I grasped myself mid-shaft and began stroking furiously. Within seconds, a ball of fire burst from behind my balls, exploded through my swollen cockhead. The pressure of my kneeling posture drove my orgasm into overdrive and semen boiled from my erect member. I pressed my left thumb down hard across my slit. The orgasm got stronger, but nothing could hold back the pressure. Ropes of manjuice jetted from all sides, again and again, covering my thighs and her legs and feet. I let go of the head, but continued to pump out pleasure strokes, slower now, more gentle. My eyes closed, my head sagged to my chest.
A husky voice cut through my orgasm. "Hold my legs apart," she half-ordered, half-begged. "Now."
With dripping hands, I grabbed each slender ankle and spread them wide apart, at shoulder height. She moaned at the brief denial of orgasm, thigh muscles clenching against my hands, then spun the veined toy to its maximum speed and held it directly into her clitoris. Animal cries of a third orgasm burst from her throat. Her spare hand pinched and twisted a nipple, hard. I winced at the sight, but it was obviously working for her. The spasms went on for a long time. How wonderful it must be, I reflected, to be able to cum that many times, that hard.
She collapsed back, let the vibrator fall. Her eyes were closed tight, both face and chest were flushed.
I retrieved the vibrator and turned it off. I fingered the ball strap off my scrotum. Fetching a damp cloth from the bathroom, I wiped us off, then dropped beside her on the bed. I cuddled against her, my cock comforted by the pressure between us. My free hand stroked her body from hip to shoulder, lingering over a taut nipple as it passed. She purred and I felt slender fingers slip between us to hold my softening manhood.
Loving takes many forms and, drifting off into sweet, gentle sleep, I smiled. It was still light outside; the day was not over.
+Thanks for taking the time to read!Your votes and comments are your applause for an author's efforts!
+
Thanks for taking the time to read!
Your votes and comments are your applause for an author's efforts!