My husband has poker nights at our house every other Saturday starting sharply at eight pm. He invites five of his friends over for a rousing round of five card stud. They usually have a pretty small pot of about two hundred dollars, so nothing major.
There are always plenty of drinks to go around. The guys tend to watch their alcohol consumption during the game so they can focus on winning. Not knowing anything about poker, I think it's the primary objective. Their ages range from early thirties to mid fifties. It's a regular group but if one players is unable to attend, they have a list of substitutes to choose from as stand-ins.
I really like all of the guys including the subs. When a player or sub moves out of town, a search for a new player is conducted by the group. To become a member, one is required to go through an interview process with all the members. I'm not really familiar with the mechanics of the process or the requirements. It seems to work though because there haven't been any issues with the guys, at least as far as I'm concerned. They've been playing at our house for several years now.
My job was to serve drinks to the players during the game and get them anything else they asked for. When I first starting serving them, my husband and I decided to make a game of it. We agreed that I would begin the evening by wearing a very see through white sheer negligee with nothing on underneath. It was extremely revealing. His friends would get an eyeful of body. They would easily be able to see my tits, ass and hairy bush. As you might expect, I have exhibitionist tendencies that I have had all my life. Over the years I have enjoyed attention I receive from being exposed. It's a huge turn on for me.
My husband explained what I would be doing and wearing beforehand. He let them know he wanted me to be present during the game and serve as a hostess. He described what attire I'd be wearing while doing that job. At least that's what he told me. It sounded simple enough to me.
Of course when they saw me for the first time, they couldn't believe their eyes. They stared at me and whispered to each other. I felt pretty self conscience at first because they could see my totally naked body through the negligee, my breasts with hard rock nipples, my hairy bush, my plump tummy and bottom. There was noting hidden and left to the imagination. I might as well have been naked. To make things even more intimidating they all got up from the table and walked around me, examining every part of my body. They even rubbed my butt through the sheer material. I assume my husband had given them permission to touch me beforehand. I was not aware of that.
I was shocked, to say the least, as he sat there not saying a word about his wife's ass being caressed by five friends. He had a smile on his face that to this day I'll never forget. The caressing as unexpected as it was began getting me excited from all of the attention. I began wondering how far he told his friends they could go with me. All at once, the prospect of being gang banged by these guys entered my mind. I could tell by the bulges in their pants they were ready to have me.
I was relieved the touching didn't go any further and his friends returned to the table to begin the game. One of them told my husband he was taking unfair advantage of them by distracting them from their hands, several agreed. I departed to the kitchen to get drinks to serve the guys. When I got to the kitchen, though, I replayed in my mind, being manhandled by five of his friends, even though they were fairly gentle touches. The more I thought about it the wetter I got. By the time I was ready to head back out to the game table, I was pretty wet from the excitement. I could feel my juices beginning to run down my inner thighs. I just couldn't believe I was in the company of five of my husbands friends barely clothed.
As the game progressed and I continued receiving stares from his friends. I attempted to feel more at ease in the situation by joking around with them. That all changed as I served one of the players a drink. While standing close to the table, he reached through my negligee where no one could see and touched my now wet pussy. I froze not know how to react while he massaged it with his hand. I'm sure covering it with my warm juice.
When it became obvious I was standing there for no apparent reason, he withdrew his hand. I quickly returned to the kitchen. I hoped he wiped his hand on his pants before returning it to the table. I'm almost positive some of guys noticed my negligee open in the front and no longer covering my tits and wet hairy bush. I was so excited by that exchange, I didn't bother to try covering back up as I walked away.
Since my husband didn't say anything as he observed me walking away from the table, I assumed he wanted me to be exposed further. He was fully intent on teasing his friends. I was so hot when I got back to the kitchen, I opened up my negligee all the way to display full frontal nudity. I was shaking like a leaf at the prospect of returning to the table fully exposed to the guys. My juices were running half way down my thighs by now from the excitement and I could smell my sex as I stood there. I thought for a moment, do I clean it up or leave it there in hopes his friends could smell it too. I decided to leave it.
Feeling really horny and bold, I decided to return to the table exposed as I was, to ask them if anyone needed anything. I saw some really surprised looks on faces as I entered the room. At this point I wanted them to see every part of me. As I walked over to the table, my husband immediately noticed my state of undress. Standing there while his friends looked me over, my husband said he didn't see any point in continuing to wear the negligee. The guys immediately agreed with him and encouraged me to take it off.
That of course gave me pause, do I or don't I just take it off, what should I do!
Apparently my husband was for it, his friends were for it and I was so horny, I thought what the hell I'll just do it. I took it off and threw it over a chair. All of the guys clapped and commented on how much better that was. I stood before them completely naked, my nipples rock hard, my pussy oozing juice and blushing in the face. I bet I was beet red. I asked again if anyone needed anything and one of his friends had the balls to suggest that I go over to him so he could fuck me.
My eyes must have looked like saucers, I was taken back by the comment. I looked over at my husband who looked back at me, and he didn't say a word. I the other guys looked at him in surprise. I thought to myself, where is this going, am I ready for something like that? Being used by his friends while he stood idly by watching? Is that what the end game here was? Boy was I nervous now.
I stood there in silence for what seemed like an eternity, thinking is that what my husband really wanted, to have his wife fuck five guys one after another or heaven forbid at the same time? I could feel my face flushing an even deeper red. What broke my trance was my husband saying, "Well what's it going to be hun." OMG I had no idea what to do.
The guy who made the gesture, began to undress. As he took off his pants, his cock sprang out with an upward curve. My guess was that it was about seven and half inches and almost as thick as a beer bottle. I thought this can't be happening. Everyone was waiting to see what my husbands next move was. Certainly he wasn't going to let his friend use me.
To my total astonishment, my husband instructed me to get on my knees as the guy approached me. I hesitated not thinking he was for real. He came over behind me and guided me to my knees and stood behind me, held my head while his friend put his cock right up to my lips. He told me to open my mouth and take his cock.
Reluctantly, I opened my mouth while he moved forward. All I could fit in my mouth was the head of his cock. It was just too fat to take much more. While I sucked on the head of his cock, his other friends began undressing. Out of the corner of my eye I could see different size cocks that I knew were about to have their way with me. Unbelievably I found myself so hot and wet I welcomed it. I felt like a slut because I wanted to take each and every one of them. The one I had in my mouth was the largest of the group. As I sucked I could taste a bit of pre-cum, with that he withdrew it from my lips.
Now all of them were undressed, my husband took a seat as if to say, let the games begin. Each one of the guys stood around me while I knelt on the floor, each trying to feed me their cock. It didn't take long before one of them to shoot cum on my face, almost covering it with the mount that squirted out. I tried to get each one of the remaining four in my mouth one at a time. When the one with the biggest cock walked behind me, he knelt down and began finger fucking my vagina while I tried to service the other three.
He pushed down on my back which made my butt rise. Now he had three fingers buried deep inside me. I couldn't believe what happened next, he put two fingers in and on either side of my vagina and pried my hole open with considerable force. The feeling of being stretched like that was both painful and pleasurable. He kept stretching my hole wider and wider while I feverishly sucked on a cock and jerked two others with my hands. I thought he was going to put his entire hand inside my pussy but when he felt my pussy was sufficiently stretched he inserted his bottle sized thick cock in the opening. My husband yelled "fuck her pussy and don't be gentle".
Unfortunately he didn't wait for me to adjust to its girth, he just pushed all the in until I could feel his balls against the outside of my now stretched pussy. I thought he was going to destroy my honey hole by fucking me silly but instead he instantly shot a massive load of cum in me that I could feel hit my cervix. When his cock finished pulsating he withdrew. I was disappointed I didn't get the chance to have an orgasm myself.
As I got out of the doggie position and back on my knees, a huge load of cum came pouring out of my super stretched pussy. I was immediately confronted by another guy sticking his cock in my mouth which I eagerly sucked since I was so hot from not having orgasmed myself. It wasn't long at all before he shot his hot thick load and I swallowed. The other two remaining friends jerked off, cumming on my face as I swallowed hot creamy cum.
I was feeling completely used and unappreciated by my husband and his friends. I was still very horny because I wasn't given any release. Everyone else, including my husband, was satisfied. So I went into my bedroom and got my huge toy cock out, which was bigger than either of them, a big nine inches and almost eight inch girth. I asked his friends which one was going to fuck me with it. The guy with the biggest cock volunteered.
I got on all fours and he pushed that toy cock all the way in at one time, shoving it in and out of me with such force, trying to destroy my pussy which gave me one of the strongest orgasms I have ever had. I collapsed on the floor completely exhausted with the toy cock still stuck in me to the hilt.
Since that time I have had repeated sessions with the guys but now instead of wearing a negligee I have a pair of black boots on and nothing else, wink!