I turned the key in my front door, opening the large panelled oak door slowly. Stepping in to my hallway I could hear the muffled sound of moaning coming from my lounge. I crept quietly toward my lounge where the door was partially open.
Looking through the gap I saw on my sofa my wife sprawled across the sofa wearing a red quarter cup bra with her newly pierced nipples on display. This was accompanied by a tight red waist cinching waspie with four garter straps attached. The straps were connected to black fishnet stockings with black high heeled strappy sandals completing her slut look.
Her head was back with a look of ecstasy emblazoned across her made up face. In her right hand was her iPhone and she appeared to be texting someone. Her manicured left hand was gently stroking her shaved slit, with the nail of her index finger softly stroking her unhooded clitoris. She heard me enter the lounge and looked at me smiling. Her eyes were half closed in that orgasmic look as she continued stroking her slit.
"Honey come over here and lick my pussy and asshole with that magnificent tongue!" she purred.
I have been blessed with an incredibly long tongue, which my hot wife loves me to use on her. My cock is of average length bordering on six inches, but my wife prefers my tongue tongue. Sex for us is usually me fucking my wife till I come inside her, then the next hour is spent with me tonguing her ass and licking my spunk out of her pussy. This always drives her wild.
This was not a sight I usually came home too. Something was very different today. I knelt down between my wife's long stocking clad legs and flicked my tongue over her smooth slit. Flicking the tip of my tongue around her clitoris, her hips started to move slowly as she began to moan softly.
"Oh fuck honey, slide your tongue in my cunt!" she panted.
I slid my long tongue between her labia as she moaned softly.
My tongue tasted her delicious wet juices, lapping her creamy fluid, feeling her hips tenderly thrust toward my invading tongue.
Her phone pinged that a text message had arrived. She looked at her phone and smiled. She gave a long deep sigh then texted back to whoever had sent her the text.
She spoke each word that she texted in whispering voice.
"Glad you enjoyed the pics. You'll get to see it all in the flesh tonight" then pressed send.
"What's going on?" I enquired stopping my oral onslaught of her pussy.
She stroked my head gently and said.
"It's just one of my clients from the club baby. He's very rich and very hot. He bought this outfit for me and I'll be wearing it tonight for him!" she smiled
To give you some background, my wife is and always has been an outrageous exhibitionist. Wearing the tightest, sexiest, most revealing clothes you could imagine.
Her boredom level is very low and with her unbelievable curvy figure she kept pushing me to allow her to work as a stripper. As far as I'd known my wife, although being very flirtatious and wildly exhibitionist, had remained faithful during our marriage.
I'd witnessed many attempted gropings and fumblings from family and friends as they danced with her at various gatherings, something that strangely aroused me, but she had as far as I'd known remained faithful. I eventually relented and my hot-wife started her stripping career about two weeks ago. In that short space of time her lingerie collection has grew immensely and has also become somewhat extreme. She now is the proud owner of lots of PVC, Fake leather and latex lingerie as well as the normal honeymoon type stuff. Thankfully I've been fortunate enough to see her in all of this and if truth be told, I've fucked her in most of this.
She would work till the club closed at 2:00 am but didn't arrive home till 4:00 am some nights. She said the girls would all stay behind and have a couple of drinks to unwind. She would excitedly tell me about the vast range of compliments she received from all of her clients. She even admitted that a few of them had propositioned her. She was doing a few striptease spots per night and she admitted that she was also doing lap dances.
She confessed that if the guy was hot the lap dance would also turn her on. She had told me how much it delighted her to feel a guy get hard and it was a huge sexual thrill if she could feel his trouser covered cock throb against her naked shaved pussy.
But this was a new take on things. Her texting a client and from the sounds of it, she has sent him a photograph of her in her outfit.
"You've sent him a picture?" I asked looking somewhat startled.
"He asked me for one!" She answered honestly "He's so hot babe, I lap danced for him last night and his cock grew hard beneath me. It's huge and was almost bursting out of his trousers. If I didn't have my thong on I think my pussy would have tried to eat it!" she giggled " Hold on another text!" she smiled looking at her phone.
Reading the text she whispered to me.
"Keep licking my pussy!"
As she read the text, she again whispered the words.
"The outfit looks ace. Your pierced nipples are so erotic. I would love to slide my cock in that tight shaved pussy right now!"
Somewhat shocked I thrust my tongue up her pussy. She rode my tongue and softly moaned. I was in a mixed state of emotions. My loving wife was sexting some guy who she had just sent a saucy revealing photograph, and now she had me licking her pussy as she continued the sexting. I was jealous, aroused, angry and excited all at once.
Whispering her reply as she texted.
"I'm pleased you liked it. It would be wonderful to have your cock in one of my holes!"
Now it was my turn to moan. I can't explain why this aroused me, but it certainly did. My wife was stroking my hair as I licked her pussy.
My tongue slid down her slit and wormed its way to her asshole. She raised her legs up to allow me better access to her asshole. As my tongue circled her puckered ring she began to whisper.
"Oh babe that's so good and so naughty. His cock would feel delightful sliding out of my shaved pussy then easing it's way into my tight asshole!" her voice had a tremor to it as her breathing quickened.
I slid my tongue inside her tight asshole, pushing my long tongue deeper inside her.
"Oh fuck yes!" she moaned "His cock would feel magnificent stretching my slut stripper tight asshole!"
The pre-cum was almost pouring out of my cock, such was my level of arousal. We'd never discussed my wife fucking anyone else, but it would seem that both of us were getting seriously aroused at the thought of it.
Another text pinged it's arrival as my wife began to read the response. She moaned heavily, but I couldn't be sure if it was from the response of the text or from my oral onslaught.
My wife read the text out slowly in a very sultry drawl.
"I'd need to fuck all of your holes. The pic of you holding your cunt open I can see your tight asshole. It brought back some very happy memories. Delicious!"
She had not only sent him a pic of her in her lingerie, she had also opened her pussy for him and sent a pornographic pic revealing her open pussy and asshole! My hot-wife was acting out the role of a cheating slut wife and I was enjoying it!
I took my tongue out of her ass and said."Text him back!" I smiled looking up at my wife. Now she realised I was onboard and this was arousing me as much as her, she smiled and began to text excitedly.
I placed my tongue back in her ass and began to wriggle the long organ inside her ass.
"Oh fuck yes baby! Yes!" she snarled with sexual desire.
Slowly whispering her text as she typed.
"My husband is tonguing my pussy and ass right now. Making sure their clean and wet for your cock later!" she continued "Maybe I could get him to lick me clean after you've fucked me and spunked inside me!" she pressed send as I moaned approvingly, wriggling my long tongue in her ass. I slid my right hand over her shaved pussy, stroking the hairless mound, I could feel that her cunt was actually throbbing. I placed my digit finger at her clitoris and pressed gently, circling the erect sexual organ. She began to thrust her hips a little more forcefully. her breathing and moaning became very intense as her obvious orgasm was on its way.
"Oh fuck yeah baby!" she whispered as my tongue and finger delighted her.
Her phone pinged as another text arrived. She interrupted her own orgasm and excitedly read the text out loud.
"Of course he'll clean your cunt and ass. He's cleaning out what I left in there last night!" she looked at me with the most devilish smile.
I was moaning and rolling my eyes with pure lust at the words she spoke. She wasn't acting the role of stripper slut wife, she was a stripper slut wife!
Stroking my hair as I tongued her asshole she whispered softly.
"He actually fucked my pussy and ass last night. He came in both holes giving me countless orgasms. I was a total slut stripper for him, begging for him to fuck me with his huge cock. I willingly let him do anything he wanted to me. I sucked his cock, licked his balls and I even tongued his asshole. His cock is awesome and he wants to fuck me tonight. He's booked a hotel tonight and is waiting there. He's been texting me all day about how he wants to fuck my ass and cunt, and he wants me to wear this underwear while he fucks me!" She purred, gently thrusting her hips to encourage my tongue deeper into her asshole. Her words taunted and tormented me but strangely they aroused me more than I thought possible.
"I hope you're not jealous as I need to have his cock inside me again. What do you think I should do?" she asked in the sexiest tone I'd ever heard.
"Once you've sucked my cock and swallowed my cum, I'll drive you over and he can fuck your holes all night long!" I smiled "But just wear a long coat over your underwear on the journey!" I smiled "And take the camera with you!"
She texted her secret lover that she would be over soon.
"Thanks honey. I'll tell you all about it when I get home tomorrow!"
"You'll not only tell me you can show me. The camera has a video mode!"