Summary: Perhaps it's the ultimate sexual gift a woman could give to her husband... Hayley gives Steven the keys to the kingdom, a pill that makes her comply with whatever fantasies he is willing to attempt, and at the same time, show that she trusts his judgment completely, because she won't remember a thing afterwards.
This is Chapter 2 of 3.
Pill Two:
It was like mailing a gift. You might think the recipient will open it immediately, but sometimes they get lost in the mail or misplaced. Pill #2 was up to Steven, and to her frustration, he didn't use it the following weekend as she had expected. As it turned out, it was a more than a month later, when one of Steven's coworkers loaned them his mountain cabin for the weekend near Gatlinburg, TN. It was a rustic A-frame that made up for its lack of size with perfect coziness. They had stayed there once before, and she was glad to have the opportunity to go again. The best feature was that although all the mountains in that area seemed littered with cabins, this one had privacy, at least in the direction the windows and porch faced.
They arrived Friday evening, somewhat tired. It had been a hectic day for them both, leaving later than expected with some unresolved work issues with Steven, packing, the drive, the curvy mountain roads, stopping for a few things to eat in the cabin... After unloading their luggage and food, they paused long enough to go onto the porch briefly to enjoy the night air, even if it was too dark to see much. There was a chill in the area and a peaceful quiet, but it was a short appreciation before going to bed where they snuggled briefly and quickly fell asleep.
They had bought a few things for breakfast, but Steven was eager for local pancakes. As they were getting dressed, he surprised her by asking her to take the pill. She would have guessed that he would have waited until late afternoon or evening, but... the choice was up to him.
Again, he chose her outfit for the day, which included a stretch mini, another vintage find from a drawer, but it was not as short as the one he had selected before and landed comparatively modestly at mid-thigh. And he gave her the same halter top as before. He had rounded out her ensemble with a G-string, a strapless bra and white sneakers. It was already autumn, and the temperatures in the mountains were probably 10 degrees cooler than at home. But the forecast was for an unseasonably warm day from late morning to the afternoon, which was of no help as yet. The chill gave her the goosebumps when she stepped outside, and, Steven was happy to point out, hardened her nipples.
After parking, they walked down the main street of Gatlinburg, where many people were also active, searching for restaurants or coffee it seemed. She knew she was quite a vision, especially for that time of day, but Gatlinburg had a knack for attracting skimpily clad people, especially those that didn't have the figure for it. She and Steven had agreed upon that observation during their last visit. People were either like them, enjoying a sexy fling or, more likely, no self-awareness.
But aside from a few disapproving shakes of the head from the senior citizen crowd, she didn't feel too conspicuous. Rather, she felt conspicuous enough. Tight clothes and a good figure could, and should, do that.
They made their way to the Original Pancake House for breakfast. It took a half hour just to be seated, and Hayley postured a bit during the wait when she observed a couple men trying to be discreet about checking her out. The wait was worth it. The strawberry pancakes were good, and the fruit was fresh.
She and Steven enjoyed general conversation, seated at a small booth for two where they could manage to hear each other above the din. She enjoyed chatting with him. In fact, their ability to chat and not default to checking cell phones when together was a gut check for their relationship. Still, the anticipation was getting to her, and they were done with breakfast. So...
"Obviously, when you told me to bring the pill on the trip, I knew I'd be taking it at some point. But I expected it maybe later tonight."
"Curious, are you?" He asked. "Well, I thought about that. But I want you to remember some of this trip, and besides, why should I have to wait all day?"
"No reason at all," she said, smiling. Okay then, what's up for wish #2?"
"Good try! That way you might remember what I tell you?"
"Well, you can't blame me. You show your wife a few pictures of her naked in the house, in a parking lot, in the car and at a gas station... it does beg for filling in the details."
"I can see that. You'll just have to be satisfied that turned out pretty well, right? Do you feel the effects of the pill now?" he asked.
"Not that I can tell. I don't recall feeling effects the last time, either. I get turned on by just the idea of the pill, never mind what may come. I guess you'll have to try me."
"Okay, go to the restroom. I'll meet you at the entrance. Bring me the G-string."
She understood, and she needed to go to the restroom anyway. "It's hardly worth taking off, but okay. Is this the way it works? I just obey whatever you say?"
Steven smiled. "Yes, perfectly. You might pause briefly, but then off you go and do it. Now, off you go and do it."
As she walked down the street with Steven, the net result was that she felt only very slightly more ventilated down there. She'd gone in public without panties before, and while it didn't turn her on necessarily, sexy thoughts were more frequent. As for her skirt, it was a fun thought to wonder "if they knew," all those people that glanced her way or followed behind them as they walked down the street. The skirt showed every curve clearly, and if they looked, they wouldn't see panty lines... Of course, they would have only been barely visible before.
Steven turned to a side street and entered a shoe store. Hayley knew that this was no accident; she should have guessed it, actually. No underwear, short skirt. A shoe store, of course! She had forgotten about this "interest" of his. Steven had told her years earlier that this was the first "Penthouse Letters" story he had read, about a woman flashing a shoe salesman. At least she knew what was ahead, and the thought warmed her up a bit. Maybe she even blushed.
The store had a variety of shoes, for men and women. Many of the shoes were hiking related, although they had a variety of sneakers and out-of-season sandals as well.
"Good morning! May I help you?" The salesman behind the counter looked surprised that anyone would be there that soon after opening.
"We're just looking for now," said Steven.
"Okay, my name is Keith. Just let me know if you need me," he said, as his eyes fell from her eyes to check out the rest of her body.
"Okay, thanks," Steven said. "We probably will in a bit. Hayley, pick out a pair you like."
"Does it matter what type?"
"You might look at a hiking boot or something suitable for walking some trails."
She looked over the wall displays for a time and chose a Timberland model which had a measure of ruggedness with stylish seams. She had hardly turned to find the salesmen, when he came over to help. "Do you have this in size 8?" she asked.
"I'll give a look," he said, flipping a curtain to head to the stockroom. "Steven," she whispered, "Do you think he's the only black person in all of Gatlinburg?"
Steven hastily made a "shush!" gesture with his finger over his mouth. Moments later, Keith, she remembered his name, returned with a box.
"Have a seat while I lace these up," he said.
Steven's eyes sparkled, and he was grinning. So, she sat, knowing that only Keith was left to figure this out. Keith guided a footrest in front of her with his foot, then sat on a small bench opposite her. She slipped off her right sneaker with the edge of her other foot as he laced the boot, waiting for him to look up from his task.
He was clearly at a loss of words. She guessed this hadn't been in the sales training manual, but she imagined it was probably something he would talk about with other staff around the coffee pot for weeks to come, if they had one. Her mini had slid up an inch or more on her thigh when she sat, and that, really, was all it took, from where he was sitting at least.
Keith managed to fit the boot and tie it without looking at his work, which was commendable. His eyes were clearly just to the side of her foot, focused on that particular point between her legs. Her first impression was that he might be the shy type, stealing glances, but, no. He was confident. No fumbling at all.
"Well, why don't you walk around a bit and see how that feels."
She did so, finding it a bit loose around the heel, and she let him know.
"I don't know that we have a smaller size, but I think there's another shoe that might interest you," he said, "if hiking is your interest." Though it was a statement, it was clearly a question as well. Maybe she wasn't the first one to do this in the store. Gatlinburg wasn't Vegas, but... maybe it was for some.
He returned shortly with a box labeled "Keen." She hadn't heard of the brand.
He opened it up to reveal a webbed sandal with a closed rubber toe area. "I thought you might like this. They've been around for a good while, but they still sell like hot cakes. People hike in them or just walk around town in them. They're good in the water, whether you're crossing a stream or kayaking. The toe structure makes it less likely you'll trip or stub your toe, as you might with a lot of sandals. But for hiking, they have a thick sole, fit snug, and offer good ventilation...something I think that might be a personal preference." He said it professionally, but she knew what he meant. "Why don't you compare?"
That sounded... divine. She seated herself and glanced at Steven, then slid down in her seat just enough to... there. Steven began stealing the scene with his cell phone over Keith's shoulder, who had returned to his bench. She knew her cunt was no longer in shadow as it was now just barely covered from her own perspective. That's what happens when you apply friction. It causes your skirt to ride up.
Keith's eyes were focused again between her legs. "Allow me," he said.
She stretched out her left foot to him, and he supported her leg by grasping her calf...with his long, dark fingers... She imagined he was watching the dew form on her lips, as she knew it must be. With his other hand, he picked at her shoestring and removed her remaining sneaker from her foot. Multi-tasker, this one.
He absently caressed her calf with the one hand as he began to reach for the sandal with his other. Her skin prickled with goose bumps. Then she watched his long dark fingers work her foot into the sandal, pulling the back strap above her heel as his other hand slid down to her ankle. He had beautiful hands, and the visual contrast excited her more than she might have thought. She'd never really fantasized about a black man, or any other race for that matter. But this was intriguing.
She noticed Steven had moved even closer, still recording the encounter. Holding her foot with his right hand, Keith used the palm of his left to press against the inside of her knee. She didn't resist as he spread her legs wider before he lowered her foot to the floor. In doing so, she could swear he did it in a way that made her lips part slightly. Damn! Still looking between her legs, and slightly nodding his head, he said, "Okay. Let's try that out."
The shoe, or?
She pushed off the arms of the chair to stand up and walked around briefly. The sandal was clearly better than the boot which was awkward and clumsy. Her mind was distracted though. Should she look at other options and drive herself nuts? Or buy the sandals and go have sex?
"I'll take the sandals. They're great." She sat down again, shifting her skirt as she had before... but maybe too much? If she wasn't shaven, she was certain she'd have a view of the ends of her hair peeking below the hem of her skirt. Ah. It was really for Steven, wasn't it? "I'd like to wear them, would you help?"
"Happily. Let me work the laces here." He began slowly untying her boot. "Please pardon me if it seems improper, but I've got to say ma'am, that something as pretty as that should see the full light of day."
She winked at Steven, noting the pole in his pants. "It belongs to my husband, but he seems to be saying 'yes.'" Enough of the sliding. She raised her hips and gathered the skirt at her waist, exposing herself fully, trimmed triangle and all.
"Oh yes. That's nice, real nice." She could see Keith had a larger pole in his pants than Steven. To give Keith credit, he had finished putting on her sandal and had tightened it very comfortably. "Thank you, but what I mean is, they're so pretty when they're spread ever so slowly, like a flower opening up in the morning."
This man would someday be a poet! She reached down with a couple fingers, looking at Steven for his reaction. "Like this?" she asked. She spread her labia slowly with her index and middle finger, indecently wicked.
"That's it, exactly. Might I have a taste?"
The question surprised her, and it didn't surprise her. She looked at Steven. He wiggled his middle finger in a wicked curve, as if it was inside her, teasing her within. "Sure, but only once, using your finger." She could tell he had meant to use his tongue by the slight disappointment on his face.
"Sir, would you lock the door and flip the sign?"
He was sensible, too. She wondered if cock size were related to finger size, because his fingers were long. He slid two fingers up and down over her opening several times, which was beyond moist to fully wet. Her nipples hardened, and she slid further back in her chair to increase the friction against his fingers. He had hardly touched her, and she was dying for more. She didn't even bother looking at Steven...she had to express her need. "I think you'll find the tastiest bit...inside."
He grinned and inserted his fingers slowly, first inserting them as far as he could, then spreading them within her as he curled them towards her G- spot. She was breathing hard now. "That's it. It's right around there, somewhere."
"I think I just keep missing it. Maybe...there?" Keith said.
He felt wonderful inside her. "No, I don't think so. Keep searching."
He did, testing the rules by grasping one of her breasts with his other hand, squeezing her flesh towards her nipple. After several minutes, she felt she was going to explode. "Maybe there. Now taste me." He withdrew and sucked on his fingers.
"Oh, man... Oh, man... That'sgood. Please, how about one more taste?"
"You know how to use those fingers, but I want to feel your tongue. Would you make me cum?"
He grinned and actually looked her in the eyes. "I was hoping!" He lightly grasped her hips and pulled her to the edge of the seat where he spread her legs wide for full access.
And he began. He licked the edges, tasting her, then up to her clit, repeating the cycle but teasing her. She didn't object when his hand found its way under her halter and bra, lifting them to give her nipple the attention it needed. Still, it was frustrating.
"Inside, inside" she groaned, looking at Steven, who seemed caught in the moment just as much. He ate her, expertly. His tongue probing, his lips pressing... a finger from his hand finally finding her clit.
The feeling...the experience... was so delicious that she had to fight against her orgasm, wanting it to last. But Keith was a fierce competitor. It was, fortunately and unfortunately, only several minutes before she came, orgasming loudly.
Keith stood, his hands unfastening his belt. "I want to fuck you!" The poet spoke, and she took a deep breath. But just as he unzipped his pants, Steven said, "No, that's as far as it goes. Sorry."
"Ohh," she wimpered.
Keith answered, "Well, don't blame me for trying. It's hard to be so close to that and not finish the job." He paused a second or two. "But you're leaving me in ahardway."
Hayley didn't wait for Steven to comment. She got on her knees and quickly removed her halter and bra. Keith kicked off his shoes, and got his jeans off before Hayley helped with his underwear.
He was clean shaven. This was a first! And he was big! Not stereotype big, but an inch or more longer than Steven. And he was thicker at the head. And there was pre-cum at the tip. That's where she began, before enjoying the smoothness of his shaft with her tongue. "Suck my balls," he said.
She'd never done that properly before, but hairless, it seemed a quite reasonable thing to do! His sac wasn't gigantic, but it was big enough that she could only suck on one nut at a time, caressing it within with her tongue. And it offered the bonus of feeling his shaft across her face, where she could look up and see his eyes, which were watching her every move.
She reached a hand to grasp his cock, feeling its warmth, its power, and began to stroke it while she continued sucking his balls. Her hand became wet with more of his precum.
"Okay, okay," he urged, "take it in."
She licked her way to the top, admired his swollen head and then sucked at it, tasting him. She took him in as much as she could and began blowing him properly.
"No, no, no." he said, grasping her head with both hands, pulling her head slightly up. "Princess, you look a man in the eyes when you suck his cock."
She nodded, while looking in his eyes. His hands didn't leave her head, and it felt in a way of being possessed. She tried to take more of him in, but couldn't manage the last two inches. Somehow, he made her want to.
He exploded in her mouth without warning. Her reaction was to back up her head, but his hands held her in place. She could feel his cock spasming in her mouth... so many times. His cum escaped her lips as her mouth was full. She couldn't manage to swallow quickly enough. And still his cock pulsed. Finally, he pulled out.
"Now, swallow that," he said, his eyes still locked on hers. She nodded, and did. "Good girl, you've got here!" He used his hand to guide his cock to gather the cum that had spilled on her chin. "Alright, now lick that clean." And she did, enjoying the feel of his softening shaft, and the taste of his cum wasn't so bad either.
Hayley excused herself and made her way to the employee bathroom in the rear. She could overhear Steven at the register, but she couldn't make out what they were talking about. She didn't really need to know. She rinsed her face with water from the sink, then rinsed her mouth. Then she took stock. Her face was flushed, as was her neck. Her nipples were still hard, her breasts splotched. She wished he could have fucked her. With Steven watching. She released a long pent up breath she didn't realize she had been holding.
They drove about 45 minutes to a moderate sized parking area near Cade's Cove. A trail led up the mountain, and there were already a good number of other cars parked.
"Hiking?"
"Yes, and I have a belt with a water bottle on it for you, and a couple of trail bars."
He hadn't understood her question. Where was the sex in hiking?
Thus equipped, they headed up the trail which would eventually pass a waterfall and lead to a scenic bluff. It was busy, which shouldn't have been a surprise. There were markers indicating the distance to the peak, about one mile, a popular distance for vacationers who couldn't manage a more challenging trail. They set a casual pace but quickly caught up to an older couple. Steven called a halt and pulled out a map he had in his trail pack while she admired the spruce and the mountain laurel.
"Actually," Steven said, "Let's go this way." There were two boards crossing a side path, with a "Trail Closed" sign. "But first, let me get your picture next to that sign." Easily done. "Let's do that again without the bra."
She smiled as she unclasped and removed it quickly, posing several times while flashing him.
When they were underway again, she asked, "Do you know where this goes?"
"Yes, Mark told me about it when he gave me the keys to the cabin. This used to be a popular side trail, and a ranger told him there had been an area that kept getting washed out and was too costly to maintain. So, they upgraded the main trail here since it was far more popular. This one apparently been abandoned for about five years. It leads to another bluff with a more limited view, and the trail remains marked, though some trees have fallen across it."
They had walked about 10 minutes when Steven asked, "You would have fucked him, wouldn't you?"
"Keith? Yes," she said, with more enthusiasm than she had intended.
"I have to keep in mind that you're not just open to my desires, but others as well," he said. "Still, what if I hadn't been there, would you?"
"In that situation? Yes. But if you hadn't been there, I wouldn't either. I don't make a habit of going to shoe stores without panties, do I?"
Steven said, "Take off your clothes. If it gets cold, let me know. Otherwise, there's no bugs out, and no people as far as I can tell."
She stripped, and he placed her clothes in his pack. That left her with her shoes and her belt with the water bottle. He looked at her, admiring her body for a time. "You're looking a bit like Lara Croft. I like it." Photos, of course, followed.
Steven followed behind her "to admire the view" he had said. After a few minutes, he said, "I do want to see somebody fuck you."
Hayley's pulse quickened, and she stopped to look at him.
Steven laughed. "You won't remember I said that in the morning. Actually, by this evening, I guess. Your history drives me crazy whether it's a boyfriend or that night with however many it was. I can see it in my mind, and part of me wants to watch you do it."
"I know. You ask often, and it turns you on so much when I tell you about them. All I can say right now is how I feel. I'll do whatever you say and I think I'll want whatever it is."
"That's the pill talking. I have to live with myself afterwards, though. Let's go on. But I want you to tell me how you felt when Keith licked you and when you sucked him."
She did, answering his questions along the way and another affirmation that, yes, she would have fucked him, happily.
They continued walking perhaps an hour, stopping for Steven to photograph her wherever he had a whim. There had been no hint of other people. The reality was that they were just hiking, in an area where it was unlikely someone would come along. It was his stops to take photographs that reminded her she was naked. Otherwise, she was getting used to it. She told him that, and he seemed excited by it.
As they climbed, the temperature increased, which was surprising given the elevation but welcomed nonetheless. They eventually came to a small stream, and Steven referenced his map.
"This way," he said, "about a quarter of a mile." There wasn't a path along the stream, necessarily, but it appeared worn to a degree, maybe by wildlife. They had to cross the water several times, its temperature icy. They eventually came to a formal trail and took the downhill path which shortly led to an opening in the trees. It was in a little vale, and the creek that they had crossed made a small waterfall of sorts over large flat rocks, with a shallow pool at the bottom. It appeared that, at times, there was much more water given the absence of vegetation.
"So, this is where you wanted to go?" she asked.
"For now. Let's do some more poses, first."
"But, of course," she said, smiling. She took the usual variety, she supposed, of fetching poses, using the rocks to lean against or lie on. "Steven, what do you do with all these pictures?"
"Well, I upload them to a website where you have many, many fans, and, of course, I share them around the office and with our friends."
"You do not!" she said. "Seriously, what do you do?"
"Well, the obvious. I admire them. I enjoy tweaking them on the computer to make them, and you, beautiful."
"And," she asked, "you jerk off to them when I'm not around?"
"That goes without saying. It's hard not to even when you're around."
"What do you think about when you look at them?" she asked.
"How fortunate I am to have you! And, how gorgeous you are."
That seemed honest, but, maybe incomplete? "Okay, but what do youthinkabout when you look at them? Are you fantasizing something?"
"Often, yes." Steven said. "There's a certain pride about them, the unhealthy sort that makes me wish they could be shared."
"So, what, you'd put them on the internet? Print them and leave them lying around the house?"
"No, of course not. But, like, when I'm out with the guys and they're making comments about some hot woman who walks by, I'm like 'if they only knew.'"
"Huh. So, the idea of showing them a picture of me turns you on?"
"Yeah, it really does. Isn't that just so wrong? You make a really, really great model, and this is a really good camera."
"So it's really all about the photographer, is it?" she said, smiling. "Well, you can show them to someone if you really want to."
"What?" he exclaimed.
"Why not? These are for your enjoyment. If it turns you on... well, it turns me on that you lust after me, and if you tell me there's someone else who does too..."
"You'd want to know?!" he said, surprised.
"Of course! First tell me who it was, then tell me about their reaction I think it turns me on the same way it does you. And wouldn't that be a kick later if I met them, knowing."
"Well, wow. Maybe I could, some of the general nudes."
"Maybe youcould," she teased.
"I could blur your face..."
"No! If you show someone pictures of me, they should know it's me."
"You wouldn't be embarrassed?"
"Why would I be embarrassed? Are they going to come up to me and tell me what a terrible husband you are? Or tell me I should be ashamed? Steven, this is about you me. When I'm older, I'll like having those photos to remember my younger years. But if you tell them you gave them..."
"Gave them? Steven interrupted. "I thought you were just talking about showing them to someone!"
"That's fine, too. Either way there is someone else out there wishing they were you and imagining having sex with me. Speaking of which, this seems like a good place..."
"It is! But no. Not yet." He reached into his bag and pulled out her skirt and halter. "Here, use these to rest your head on the rock. I want you to make yourself cum, and you tell me whatyou'refantasizing about. Something related to sharing those pictures."
Hayley settled back, thinking as she absently rubbed between her legs. "Okay, let's see. We give the key to someone... let's say we had a dog, and we hired someone to house sit while we're on vacation. Not a teenager, well, maybe... One of your college friends happens to come to town when we're leaving, and you offer the house. Like Mark. He comes to town a lot to see his friends. You move one of our security cameras to your office, concealed but pointed at your desk. You leave your computer unlocked without the sleep or password functions on. Hey, you might want to at least pull your cock out of your pants while I'm doing this. You know, give me something to look at..."
Steven did, taking a video with one hand while making himself available with the other.
"I don't know. Did you make a screen saver out of some of your favorite shots? Or the background image? In any case, there's a folder on the desktop labeled 'Hayley.' Maybe he's turning lights off at night and notices the glare from the computer and thinks he should probably turn it off. He goes to take a look. And he sees."
"We watch the video later, or maybe live! He finds the directory... and he sees everything you've chosen to put in there. Pictures. Would you do videos? You might if you're turned on. Anyway, he can't help himself. He drops his pants and look at that! I get to see him stroke his cock, turned on by me! It's not long before he cums. But that's not enough. There's too many pictures. He keeps looking and looking and... oops, there he blows again. By this time, you're fucking me like crazy and it's blowing both our minds. Only... wait. There's someone coming."
She could tell it took Steven a moment to catch the change of subject, but he must have heard something too and looked up the trail.
In a low voice, he said, "They're watching, I think, two of them. Keep going with the story."
Now that was a helpful jolt. Hayley began inserting a finger within while using the other hand on her clit. "Do you like what you see?" she asked, seeing Steven's nod of approval.
"We get an alert the next day. He's at the computer again. Only, this time he has a USB drive. I love it. You're fucking me because you're so turned on, and you hate that he has all those pictures. Sure, I trust you with them. But what would he do with them? Of course, I tease you, because I'm now at least a Playboy playmate, and, depending on what files you put there, I may be a porn star."
"We get another alert that night. We see Mark, but he brought along a girlfriend and another couple. They walk into your office with some of your bourbon, ice and glasses. They pull a few chairs close. I'm thinking we need a camera there that has audio now. I wouldn't want to miss what they're saying. They start laughing. They act amused that someone would leave these available. But they keep looking and we can tell they're getting uncomfortable. The sexual tension between them is growing. The girls lean in to the guys, the guys are struggling to adjust their cocks discretely in their pants. But you know how this plays out. It doesn't quite work that way."
"I'm thinking yes, you did include videos. They've seen all of me, and liked it, but when they play the videos of me sucking your cock and taking your cum... They start stripping, pausing to play another video where you fuck me. Then, each couple is more interested in having sex than their shyness around the other couple. So, we're fucking while watching people watching us fuck. Are you sure you don't want to fuck me now? I'm close!"
Steven shook his head, stepping closer with the video, but also stroking his very hard cock. "Face more uphill, so they can see, though."
"Have it your way then." Hayley adjusted as much as she could manage and be comfortable enough on the rock. She worked herself furiously, but it wasn't long before she reached a thoroughly satisfying orgasm, and a noisy one.
When she had recovered somewhat, she found Steven standing above her, stroking his cock.
"On me or in me?" she asked.
"We probably still have an audience," he said. "I'm thinking on you. Sit up on your knees and suck me, my little pet."
Hayley did just that, sucking him, teasing the head of his cock. Based on the tightness of his balls, he wasn't going to last long. After a couple minutes, he pushed her head back and said, "Hold your breasts up for me."
He began stroking furiously, and within a minute began shooting his cum, covering her face and into her hair. After he had worked out the last drops, she felt him press his cock to her lips. She couldn't really see for the cum in her eyes, but she cleaned him, the idea still exciting her that people were watching. She could tell his cock softened, but he still used it to wipe much of his cum from her face, and she cleaned it from his cock.
She used her fingers to finally clear the cum from her eyes and nose... and eyebrow. "That was a nice big cum for you, fella," she said. "So, why did I have to hold my breasts if you were going to cum on my face?"
"You never know," he said, laughing. "I could have missed or changed my mind."
"How much farther?"
"I'm not sure, back to the trail and then probably another half hour. You're not getting blisters from the new shoes, are you?"
"No, they're great. Thank you."
"The basics of a satisfying hike. Your shoes, your water bottle, and your body."
"And a blow job?" she asked.
"They do seem to go together well," he said.
She resumed the hike, now mostly going up the mountain. They never saw the other hikers at the vale, but they had relaxed long enough to give them time to remain unknown if they wished. In any case, she was ready to reach the peak, in more ways than one.
"Hayley, tell me. In the store. Keith. Was your mind saying 'no' and your body saying 'yes?'"
Her husband was definitely in the mood for a conversational hike. "Steven, my mind was saying 'yes.'Issaying 'yes.' I was ready to take Keith inside me without you saying anything, but then you did. My body is saying that you better fuck me when we get to the top. Otherwise, let's stop now and head back to the shoe store. A girl has needs."
"Damn. Only one pill left."
Hayley laughed, and he joined with her. That shared laughter was perhaps their most intimate moment of the day.
The trail had been a moderate challenge for the elevation and somewhat an aggravation for the number of trees that they either had to climb over or walk around. And the streams... no warm water here!
The bluff was protected by an overhang, and another mountain cut into the otherwise expansive view of the valley below. There was a railing along the edge of precipice which seemed to remain in good repair when she tested it. She saw that there were footprints in the wetter areas, a sign of others having been there recently. Maybe it was not as forgotten as it had seemed.
"What would you like me to do?"
"First, I want to take pictures, and then I'll have a question for you."
He took several photos of her, including standard poses and then quite a number of more explicit ones of her exhibiting her cunt. She teased him meanwhile with her need to be fucked.
"It's time for your question. Hayley, tell me, now that you've been here a bit, what situation can you imagine that would turn you on the most if it happened right here?"
"Situation? Like a fantasy?"
"Yes, exactly."
She looked around. She thought about it a bit. There were really very few options. A memory surfaced from her conversation with Carolyn. She pressed against the railing, which was up to her torso, leaning into it.
"I'm here. Alone. Naked. Except maybe with my shoes," she said, with a quick laugh. "My hands are tied to the railing, spread apart here and there, so there's little movement allowed. Maybe I'm gagged. Yes, I am. I haven't been abducted. I've probably been fucked by someone I trusted, but maybe some other reason. I've been here long enough that I'm not physically hurting yet, but more than long enough to wonder if this is a game or if I've been left completely alone. I start to wonder how soon would someone else come? If I did, would they help me or take advantage of me? What if it was a group? Like some college guys or even two or three married men? I hear the sound of someone approaching from the trail. Is it someone I know? A stranger? A guy? A girl? I don't know."
"I stand because my knees are tired and I feel like I should, to show that I'm alive. Only, all it accomplishes is that I'm bent over in a sexual position, like this." She placed her hands where she had indicated and stood bent over the railing. "I'm in that in-between state that I don't know which I want more. To be taken, or to be rescued."
"The steps come closer. It's one person, and I just know it's a male. He introduces himself by running his fingers over my cunt, then squeezing my nipples, hard. He doesn't even make a noise."
"Go on!" urged Steven.
"That's the end of my story. Did he have friends arriving right behind him? Did they take turns fucking me? You write the ending."
A soft rope appeared as if from nowhere. Her hands were fastened. Her breathing quickened as she realized this was really happening.
"How?"
"How did I know to bring rope? It's what I had planned. I had no idea that your fantasy played right into it."
He fastened her wrists. "I'm going to take a few pictures now. Then I'm going to go down the trail a bit. I'll be back...sometime."
Hayley heard the clicking of the camera, then the sound of his pack zipper. Shortly, she was blindfolded. That wasn't part of what she said! But it was better than a gag, she supposed. Then she heard nothing but the sounds of nature. A cool breeze rustled through the leafless trees, and she was acutely aware of tree trunks creaking around her, and some below. There was a bird somewhere calling in the distance as well. Her juices were flowing between her thighs, and the cool wind gave an icy feel to her skin where the moisture touched her lips. The experience was interesting, the anticipation building... and then, well, it was uncomfortable. And the breeze did make her cold. She shivered.
What if Steven fell and hurt himself badly? Then what would she do? What if someone else came by, like the hikers they had vaguely overheard earlier? Well, that was the turn on in her fantasy, but she was coming to understand the anxiety of Steven failing to return at all as what really mattered. Still, she trusted him. He would come, and he would find her wet and still needing a cock.
Time passed.
He was taking too long. Her desire for a cock was being challenged by the cold and a stiffness in her muscles. She hoped he would come soon. Her thoughts drifted to that imaginary group of men, climbing the path to her. That warmed her a bit, as she imagined getting more than a cock to meet her need.
Or, maybe that conversation Steven had with Keith had been about him following them here! Probably not. But, that cock was something to think about. Then her thoughts turned to that night in college... a cock...there... and another in this hand... and another...
She was startled by the touch. Steven's hand didn't just rub at her cunt, it slid right in the crease, to maximum effect, gliding on her lubrication. She whimpered. He stayed with that a while, before toying with her nipples. His hands traced her arms down to the ropes, to the knots. He didn't untie her. But then, she didn't expect him to. Her confidence that it was truly Steven, and not some stranger, was surprising.
She heard a zipper and the sound of pants falling to the ground. She felt a hand on her waist followed by the back of his other hand briefly against her leg, guiding his shaft to her cunt. Contact. Partial penetration. She spread easily, sensing the warmth and hardness of his shaft. But he stopped, his head not fully in. It needed to be in. She felt his other hand on her waist. She pushed back to receive him, only to find that he backed with her, teasing her with his cock. She adjusted her feet slightly, but her range of motion was limited. She wiggled against him best she could, just as he plunged deeply into her with a single thrust, holding it, filling her. She wasn't cold now. It felt good to have him inside; it felt good to be touched...there...finally.
"Yes," she moaned. "Fuck me."
He backed up, just to the edge, then plunged again. His hands released her wrists, then squeezed her nipples tightly, then pulled them down, stretching them. All systems were connected. She moaned, but she was still frustrated. He held still within her, and she wanted thrusts. She wiggled again, but he moved with her, preventing any deepening pleasure.
After what was probably only several seconds of this aggravation that seemed to stretch interminably, Steven finally spoke up. "You look all tied up. I thought about your story. But you're going to finish it. Do you want me to untie you? Or..."
"Fuck me!"
"It's a story that deserves to be heard. The people in the valley couldn't hear you. I know you mean it, but... mean it a littlelouder."
"Fuck MEEEEEEEE!" She hadn't needed to scream since she didn't know when, and it surprised her that she could scream so loudly.
It became an odd sense of timing. Steven would thrust into her, and she would hear "MEEEEEEEE! echo in the mountains as a response. The people in valley might be able to hear after all, but she didn't care. She met each thrust as hard as she could muster, and soon she climaxed, coming in gasps. Steven kept pounding away at her, his shaft hard, amazingly hard. His rhythm picked up even faster, and she could feel his balls swing amazingly fast, back and forth, slapping against her thighs and cunt. She continued to groan, and pant... it felt so good! Then she felt that familiar sense of emerging heat within her as he finished.
After he regained his breath, he said, "Okay, now, I'm going to release your wrists, but stay where you are." He undid the knots. "Better?" he asked.
"Yes, much" she replied, rubbing each for a bit for circulation. They were cold.
"Okay, now I want you to spread your legs. Show me your cunt."
"You want to see me all wet?"
"Yes, every bit of you."
She leaned once again against the railing, spreading her legs again and arching her back. She heard the camera. "Here, she said, maybe this will help." She used her fingers to spread her cunt lips. "Is that good? Can you see how wet I am? Can you see your cum?"
"Yes, perfect!"
"Try this, then." She raised her left leg to the top of the railing. "Can you see me even better now?
"Every bit. I'm just watching the cum drip from your pussy."
"I wish you could tie my leg to the rail and fuck me again, but I might fall."
"Well I can handle the second part again."
"Can I see too?"
"Of course," he said, and removed her blindfold.
And he resumed fucking her, recovering amazingly quickly, based on past experience. But, like past experience, he was able to fuck her much longer before climaxing. He finally came again, this type spraying her hips with his cum, and again taking pictures before letting her move from the railing.
"Towels?" she asked.
"Nope. I want you to wear it."
"That's... evil," she said.
"It is," he agreed. "Now, clean my cock with your mouth."
As they walked back, she felt particularly naked. It was strange to remain naked when the habit was to put on a robe or get under the sheets after sex. Doubly so, being outside. And the feeling of dried cum on her skin was peculiar because she had always cleaned up afterwards. Well, aside from that time in college when she woke up. She didn't mind it, or connecting the memory.
She said, "This reminds me. In college. I woke up with cum in me, but also dried over most parts of my body. I don't think I told you that before. Can you imagine how many...?"
"Tell me, Hayley, why haven't I seen this side of you before?"
"Open your eyes, I guess. That's my back," she said, as she whirled around, "and this is my front. Now you've seen all of me."
"You know what I mean."
"I don't know. I'm in the mood, that's for sure. But it's a different kind of mood, one that doesn't care about being an adult and being worried about what you think about me or what others might think. It really is as simple as doing what you want, using me, because in a way I'm using you too. It feelsgood."
"Did you like being tied up? I was surprised you suggested it."
"I liked it there. It was better than at home," said Hayley.
"Why?"
She had thought this out already. "There, it had that extra element of risk. A rape fantasy if things didn't go the way I planned. Captive. Being taken by an unknown male. That turns me on. At home, there's no risk. It's nice receiving all the attention, but there's no context. Up there was different. And you were gone long enough to make me think of those other things that could happen. I didn't like it, but I liked it."
"That's good to know. I'll keep it in mind for the future. As much as I've enjoyed this, it's time for you to get dressed." He handed her clothes, less the G-string and bra.
"You know there's going to be a teenager or old man on the trail who get a thrill from this, right?"
"Yep. And me, too."
She napped in the car on the way back to the cabin, then relaxed in the tub as she worked the kinks from her muscles. Then, she found her way to the bed for a more satisfying late afternoon nap.
"Wake up sleepyhead!" Steven presented a tray with steak, broccoli, and wild rice to her in bed, with a side salad even.
"Wow! This is wonderful! Thank you!" She cut a piece of steak, a filet, tasting it and finding that her appetite was raging. She thought of the rare times Steven had brought breakfast in bed to her. "What did I do to deserve this?"
"Everything and more. What do you remember?"
"I remember the pancakes. And I remember taking off the G-string. And walking down the sidewalk, you asking me if I felt any different yet. And now there's steak. And I'd rather eat than talk. Oh, and my legs feel a bit sore."
"Sorry to hear that. We went hiking on a trail, and you have some new sandals. I'll rub your feet when you're done eating. I don't want you to have a medical excuse not to make love to me on the porch tonight."
"No excuses coming, dear. If you have some pictures to share with me, maybe there's something we can do again."
"Well," Steven said, "I have some rope."
"That could be fun. I'll have to see where I can tie you up," she said with a coy smile.
Thanks for reading, and please leave comments. Chapter 3... is the Chapter you've been waiting for.