A totally fictional story, written using the same characters as:
Wife Gets me Naked for her Friend!
This story refers to it, but works well as a stand alone story as well.
*
My wife Erin is back at her scheming again, some of her card club friends are a bad influence on her. They are for the most part a wild bunch of horny MILFs, I don't think they play much cards in between talking about their husbands and their endowments. I imagine that Erin has probably exaggerated mine, she usually does.
I made the mistake of coming home early one night when my wife hosted card club, and I caught them with a stripper they hired for Marge's Birthday. I have been very careful to make sure I don't do it again. I figure that there are always at least 6 of them there, I don't think I have to worry about any cheating, and I really don't care if they hire a stripper again. I think that her having an outlet to blow off steam, like jerking or even blowing a stripper's cock gives her no reason to cheat. I don't want to keep a leash on her, I just don't want to lose her.
Ever since the stripper thing planted the seed, she has had a new fantasy, she wants to show me naked to more than one friend at a time. I keep telling her it's too weird for me, and could have repercussions on me, knowing some of their husbands. I have a hard time being around Gus ever since she pulled the strip poker at the cabin scheme off. But I guess the end of that evening justified the means. Surprisingly looking back, it was not just being watched fucking Ellie, that was one of the highlights of that night. The surprise of the night was after getting pretty pissed off hearing that Erin had already fucked Gus. That anger was quelled quickly by watching him fuck her again when he got back from fishing. That was a first for me, and now I know how hot watching my wife getting fucked can be. I guess it helps me understand Erin's enjoyment in having her friends see me in a naked state, and how turned on she gets watching me fuck one of them.
I guess we both share the same kink, exhibitionist in the first person, or by proxy. She kind of laid off of this subject for a while, and that kind of worried me, wondering if she was up to something, or found another outlet to quench her appetite for sexual adventures.
A few days before she was to host the girl's in her card club again she made me an offer that was hard to refuse. She said that young Jill had just got a piercing down there, was her description, and told us if she drank enough we might get to see it.
"I said, "what is the point telling me about it."
"Well just like you knew I sucked the strippers cock, I know you have a thing for her, I seen you staring at her when she was topless that same night."
"That proves nothing, any man will stare at a woman topless, I stared at large Marge's tits a short while that night too."
"Hank, admit you have a thing for her, or the only sex you have will be jerking yourself off for the next week or so."
"Blackmail, you really have something big on your mind, you want to show me to them not her to me, spit it out."
"OK, you know Ellie, she let it slip to the girls that she seen your cock at the cabin like she did about, me seeing poor Gus's shortcomings when we interrupted him jerking off. Now they are daring, well even begging me to let them see yours."
Now I was even less willing, she had them expecting a BWC, and I am far from that, and my small beer gut, she did not tell them about that I bet.
"What makes you think Jill would show me her pussy piercing close up, that is the only way I would even consider setting up even some kind of accidental flash, I told her."
"Hank, you know these girls enough to know a quick flash is not enough for them, it will have to be at least a few minutes."
"OK, let's hear the plan, I know you Erin, you probably even have it written down."
"No, but I have some notes on my phone."
She then proceeded to tell me the plan. "The most important part is that I can not let on that I am in on it, and Jill as well needs to be in the dark for it to work. She said Jill is young, and tends to drink a lot, especially when her husband has been out of town for a while. She had only had a few glasses of wine when she took her top off and fingered herself for the stripper in front of us, even though she was horny that was a crazy thing to do."
I had to add, "you, and some of the other MILFs sucking his cock was not crazy?" I got no reply other than a nasty look, and she continued.
"I figure if we get her pretty lit, and you come home with at least some alcohol on your breath, then Ellie and I can pass you off for drunk, and not having good judgment. That will keep the girls from judging you, it will work if they all have something to keep secret too."
I ask for clarification.
"Well we need to make it clear they see nothing of you without them getting at least topless, they are not going to tell their husbands about the evening for sure then. I added that as incentive for you to get naked. Just trust me, my plan is almost fool proof," she replied.
"It seems like me just standing there totally naked in front of your topless friends is not that big of payout, even with the chance of seeing Jill's pussy."
"Don't worry, the girls waited in line to suck the strippers cock, and he was not bigger than you, just more fit. It's seeing someone else's cock other than their husbands they want. I know you claim yours is only average, but I don't, and all my friends that have already seen it don't. Word has gotten around that it is bigger than the average cock they have been treated to. What if I tell them anyone that gets completely naked can take a turn sucking your big cock."
"So how will I know when to show up," I asked, trying not to look excited.
"I knew the probability of getting your cock sucked would sell you."
"Well, I figure they are your friends, and I love you and want to make you happy. So if getting my cock sucked by 5 other women does that, I have to comply. It will be you that will then owe me after that, I want to see you getting fucked again. This time by someone of my choosing, and the guy I have in mind has a cock that will rock your world."
"You really did enjoy that after all, probably more than me, what I can remember that is, Gus's cock was a bit disappointing, but he is fit, and he does have stamina, he wore me out. I guess we have been married long enough we need some strange pussy or cock to keep the fire burning. I expect a big cock this time, something special."
"We will see how this goes, but keep that thought for incentive to get the girls drunk enough to blow me," I said.
Then she told me some more details. She would text me on my cell when the girls are significantly drunk. She suggested I waste time at Pete's place, a neighborhood bar I could walk back from in case I have too much to drink. Then said, "just walk in surprised, I will take it from there, do not run away if you see nudity, just do one of those hide your eyes and turn moves, and I will guide you from there."
I can't lie, I was excited, most of the girls are attractive, but Jill is hot, super hot, she paid her way through college, and bought a BMW with her modeling income. She would have probably been signed by a major agency if she was a bit taller. She has a perfect body with a cute little round ass, but 5' 2 (1.57 m)" does not get it in the industry these days. She still works part-time doing local fashion shows and for a regional retail chain.
Well I caved, and there I was sitting at Pete's, all the neighborhood alcoholics were there, telling the same old stories, it is not a trendy place, just locals. I got the text and headed for home.
I came in the back door and there was a lot of clucking as usual, I proceeded slowly, first seeing a bottle of Jagermeister and some shot glasses on the table, then. She was not messing around, she brought out the big guns.
I summoned up some courage, and just walked through the door, covered my eyes and turned my head. I saw that they were topless at my first glance. I was feeling better about this deal already, Ellie is so hot, I had not seen her since we fucked at the cabin. It's not like the rest of them are not pleasing to look at, even large Marge, she has some tits that could smother you.
Erin spoke, "it's OK honey, the girls and I were just getting ready to show off our tattoos, I know how you like the sexy ones."
Pretty good scheme I thought so far but asked, "Are you sure honey, speak for yourselves girls."
"It's OK Hank" a familiar voice said, it was Ellie. "We are all fucked up on Jaeger's, have a shot and then be our server and bring the bottle over, strip to your boxers, and we can pretend we are at a strip club. We might even slip some cash in your waistband if you show us that cock of yours, and that cute little ass too."
Yes, she had her in on it too.
I had very little to drink at Pete's and downed two shots before heading over to the group. Yes, I stripped down to a tee shirt and boxers, I left my tee on as my cock was always my best-selling point, not my lack of even one ab showing.
I was pouring shots, and each one of them were downing them, I got to Jill, and she was covering her tits, and my heart dropped a little. This differed from the others as they were not that shy showing their breast. Ellie felt familiar enough to run her hand up my boxers checking out my cock as I served her.
Marge was sitting with her arms crossed, I understand her being a little self-conscious of herself, she is a big girl, and her boobs are so big they were hanging down and resting on her crossed arms. I gave her a shot, and then I ad-libbed, I gave her a kiss on the cheek and told her, "glad to see you survived the Birthday Party, I had heard it got pretty wild. Erin would not give me details though," that got a sheepish smile.
"Lets see these tats girls," I said
Ellie then stood up and turned around and said, "here is a start, my tramp stamp, you've seen it before when we swam at the lake." She did this while being sure to show me her ass. Then pulled off her panties as she turned around and said, "get down on your knees and see the cute little Heart above my clit, you can get real close and feel free to lick too."
"Settle down Ellie," Erin said, "you may have had enough Jaeger." But she gave her another, and gave me one too.
I continued to make my rounds and seen a couple more Hearts, an Angel and one that I could only pretend to know what it was. I was now to Jill, she had her legs crossed Indian style as she sat on the floor, but was no longer hiding her boobs, and she pulled her legs open with her hands pulling her panties aside to show me the cute little flowers on each side, "sorry that's all I have, modeling has kept me from getting more."
Erin, called her on it and said, "didn't you promise to show us something else?"
"Yes, but you promised us we could see Hank's cock you two like to brag about, I have had no action in weeks, Jim has been in Japan, training people, he may not be back for two more weeks, I would love to at least see a real cock, instead of my toy ones."
"Oh I see," I said to Erin, "You made promises to these girls you expect me to keep."
"Come on, off with your shirt and boxers, it's only fair," Ellie said and others chimed in.
I played the game we had set up and ad-libbed again, I pulled my shirt off and sat on the floor, and said, "that's it for me, after the rest of you lose your panties it's up to you to pull my boxers off, that way if your husbands get wind of this, I can say I was attacked by your drunk horny wives."
Well, there I was, they grabbed my boxers from all angles, and tore them off, and I was naked like she promised, surprisingly not fully hard yet.
Ellie was quick to say, "you'll see girls, it is even bigger fully hard."
Erin, "That's OK Ellie, lets just admit we have both seen each others husbands cocks, lack of privacy at the cabin we shared."
"Lets just be totally honest then Erin, we fucked each others husbands that weekend. It gets pretty dull fucking the same man all the time."
Large Marge stated, "You guys fucking each others husbands is old news, we all know it. Erin fucked Gus during card club at your place Ellie, disappearing for nearly an hour and coming back covered and dripping cum, he was the only man in the house. Its like a contest with you guys. It's not fair, my husband had prostate surgery. You guys need to share with the rest of us, just one more cock induced orgasm before I die, hint, hint."
I was now totaly naked and what was being done to me, pretty much met the description of rape. I guess I was raped, but with my fake reluctance signaling my consent. Ellie just grabbed my cock and put it in her mouth, and then let the others take turns, everyone then assumed it was OK to grope me and fondle my balls after that. Jill was last to sample my cock and the best was saved till then, not only was she my dream girl, she took all of it and could hold it in her throat for a few seconds. Then the girls started chanting "hold it girl, swallow that cock," she got a little self-conscious after that and stopped. I don't know how I did it but I made it through all of that without cumming. Erin helped, she tapped them on the shoulder and told them it was someone else's turn when she seen that familiar look on my face.
Ellie, jumped on my cock, not sure if Erin OK'd it, or if she just assumed she had rights since we had already fucked with Erin's blessings. I looked at Erin like a smart husband should, to make sure it was alright, and she had fingers in herself and was watching intently. I took that as my OK and realized that I did not have her to supervise anymore, she was busy, fucked up and horny, in fact all of them were, the Jaeger did its job. I took charge and put my hands under each of the girls bottoms as they rode me, and I gave them a boost when I felt in danger of shooting my load, and told them their turn was up, pretty good night for me so far.
It was down to Jill again, she gave away her horniness when she rushed over, but Erin stopped her.
"Wait a minute missy, you have a promise to keep," Erin said.
Jill looked at her, looked at my cock, than back at her. (I did not want to toot my own horn, or show you what an ego I have, but it was looking good, I had a lot of compliments from the other girls as they rode it, now it was nice and shiny from all their pussy juice.)
Jill spoke, "here is the deal, I will show it to Hank and the rest of you Erin, but only if I get a promise of some oral pleasure from him, yes I want him to eat me out, and then fuck me, fill my pussy with all that cum he has been holding back."
"Well Erin?" Ellie said.
"I am fine with the oral, but this means she would be hogging his dick, and his cumshot, can I see a show of hands if it is OK."
It was unanimous, all six were for it and I abstained, because I did not want to seem as anxious as I really was.
Erin told Jill to get ready to display her piercing and get licked, and added, but he is mine, so I reserve the right to get the best view of the sex, and get to clean his cock afterwards.
Jill laid back on the floor, grabbed her ankles and spread wide saying, "there you go girls, look but don't touch." and she exposed her clit hood piercing with her fingers, a lot of oohs and ahhs from the girls and dumb comments like, did that hurt when you got it? I thought, fuck yea, it's a piercing, and close to the most sensitive place on a woman's body.
The piercing was one they call a vertical clitoral hood piercing, she had pearl beads vertically above her clit. This type provides pleasure to the wearer only. (yes, I did a wiki search for this info, once I heard she had it, I had to know more) This type sure makes it easy for us dumb guys to find their pleasure spot, we can find it easy by touch even with our eyes closed. I was excited and a bit panicked at the same time.
She was a dream girl, a young model, and said she was willing and eager to fuck me in front of 5 other women, some who are friends. Factually she is also the one closest to being a stranger, as she is the latest one to join, and none of us have met her husband. That makes it both easier on my conscious and scary at the same time. I am not a stripper, or a gigolo, I am just a husband with a wife that gets drunk and gets me into situations, usually fun but almost always awkward, and with an element of danger.
The big question now is not where to cum, that has been decided. I need to decide if I am going to fuck her, or make love to her. Making love is much more intimate, and to me, its more erotic and I stand a better chance of giving her an orgasm, but what does she want? Surely she would not have a problem finding someone to fuck her, I would think she would get hit on in any bar she went to, and it's not hard to get a hookup on-line through an app. I am not sure anyone would believe that they could hook-up with someone as beautiful as her, her photo would signal fake to me.
I am taking a big risk, but I have my spouses OK, she does not, I have to assume. Does my wife want me to make love to her, or does she picture one of our national average 2 ½ times a week fucks. I am putting myself out there, I should make it special for the two of us, if she seems to be not into it. I can always change courses and just fuck her. I admit, once I get past the stage fright, I am a performer, and will probably give everyone a good show, and hopefully help her get through her husbands absence.
It was time for action and my sweet wife made one last comment.
"Your on now Hank, I just hope I don't have to look at that shit eating grin you have on your face for the rest of my life."
I was fucking out of my mind excited to be fucking a young model in front of a crowd, what did she expect?
The question of what to do first was obvious, and she was already in position for that. I crawled up between her legs, and she laid back on one of the pillows one of the girls fetched from the couch, I used another to place under the small of her back for her comfort and my convenience. I tried to think of the girls as just members of the team and not just spectators thinking that might make me less nervous.
I went right for the clit with my tongue for starts, in the piercing made it easy. I was right on target as I got a response from her immediately, both verbally and physically. I continued, but could not resist my urge to get a taste, and worked my tongue into her hole, and fucked her with it, then switching to my fingers as I continued the clit stimulation with my tongue. She started moving around on me and moaning. I like this younger generation, they are not afraid to let you know if you are on target or not. "Oh yes, right there, stay right there with your tongue," she made it pretty clear what she wanted. So I focused most of my attention on her clit.
I was worried that I might cum before her just out of excitement, and also the fact that Erin and I assume at least Ellie could not resist exploring my ass specifically my anal area, I assumed it was my Erin's tongue licking and entering my ass hole, its more of a wife thing to do. It felt different and I made Erin tell me later who it was, to my surprise it was large Marge, apparently her tongue is large too, I should have figured it out as I felt something rubbing my upper legs at the time. It was the nipples on Marge's big kahunas. I had hands coming in from all directions, at least they shared, I felt a hand from each side taking one ball and another snaked in to keep my cock happy.
I continued my work until she started to close her legs on my head, not as hard as Erin does, sometimes I think my head is going to pop she squeezes so hard. Jill had a good hold on my hair in her dainty hands. When she let go I knew it was time to move on after her orgasm subsided.
If it was Erin I had just made cum, I would move up and kiss her and maybe ask her how she wanted to fuck, so I went with that. As I was kissing her she put her arms and legs tightly around me, that was the unspoken answer I was looking for. My hard cock was now pushing against her pussy, I could feel the piercing it made contact with, she reached down and helped to guide my cock in her, showing how much she wanted it in her. I went slow, she was wet but not lubricated enough yet for a full stroke.
Oh, it felt so good having my cock in such a gorgeous young lady, I hoped she did not feel like she was fucking an old guy, 11 years is a lot but a 36-year old does not look or act that much different from a 30-year-old, her husbands age he was a few years older than her.
It was not long before I was making full strokes, and trying to maintain a slow but steady pace. She was responding by tightening her grip on me with both her legs and arms. I had my head next to hers and I decided to go for some deep kisses, why, because that is one of the things I get off on, that extra feeling of intimacy it adds. She must have liked it as she was returning them and did not seem to want to quit. It was intimacy she was missing with her husband away so long. She could get a fuck from a dildo.
I did not feel a need to change positions, just modify the one we are in. I lifted her legs up higher, that raised her bottom and gave me a more direct approach with my cock. I could go even deeper and maybe speed up a little. I don't know if the piercing helped or just my angle as she seemed to be breathing harder and probably approaching another orgasmic event.
I know I am doing alright when I am told things like, "oh that feels so good, I needed that, don't ever stop" and eventually it was, "go harder, fuck me harder." I did, and she responded by digging her nails into my back, it's OK, it's a pain I am willing to accept, as my pleasure was enough to override it, and any marks or scratches would be a badge of honor. She came and tightened her grip even more. I guess I could have sped up and go for my own, but I wanted to stay in this young beauty a little longer.
It was quiet other than the noises the two of us were making, quiet is a real surprise from this crew. They must have been too busy watching, and yes I felt tongues again. Two of the girls have shoulder-length hair, and at least one was letting it sweep across my back and ass, it was new and felt good, my whole body was super sensitive now. I never have or would have dreamed of having this many women taking part in fucking me. Someone was cupping my balls, but tenderly, and to not be left out, one was running her hands through my hair. I would never tell Erin, but this was the fuck of my life, and I could not imagine getting another chance like it again.
Even with my controlled stroking I was not going to delay this much longer. It just came up on me and I could only manage to get one word out, and it was SOON! I had no doubt Erin was ready to use her trademark prostate move on me when I came, she already had her finger deep in my ass. Someone else had my balls and squeezed them as I exploded in her, she was so tight, and thought I could feel more cum pushing out around my cock then ever before, and probably did with Erin's help. I stopped and left my cock in her, everyone else backed off as I delivered and received some kisses, they were tender ones. Then they were all crowding in as I slowly removed my cock and revealed my masterpiece. I am not exaggerating when I tell you there was oohs and ahhs from the girls. Erin was there immediately to clean me off with her tongue. My knob was still sensitive, and I was now squirming a little as she licked.
Jill was displaying the pie I gave her with her legs in the air, and made a request of her friends that I had never heard of anyone making before. She asked if anyone had a thin pad, the kind women would use to stop from spotting, she explained she wanted to feel the cum in her, not running down her leg, and for as long as possible. Marge said yes, but ask if she could take a picture of the pie, and promised to make sure it was cropped. Jill said OK, but only if it was her own phone, and she would crop and share it later. Maybe disappointing any pie eaters there, as she held her legs up so not to let it spill out, until Marge helped her pull her panties on, with a pad already applied by one of the girls, someone always has a pad.
It was a beautiful but awkward period that followed. Most of the girls had dressed and were giving Jill hugs and kissing her on her cheek.
What about me, I did a good part of the work, put on my best performance and no one wanted to hug the naked guy with the limp and still dripping cock, and balls that were hurting from someones over zealous squeezing. All I got was a few pinches of my ass cheeks, I kept my legs together to protect my ball's. Then Erin got a hold of me and gave me a tight and long hug while whispering in my ear. "I love you, you showed them all how a real man makes love, I hope you know I am going to expect that kind of loving from you more often."
My boxers were shredded, but I could have pulled my pants on, but no, this all started with her wanting them to see my cock, I was still drunk, so I was going to let them have their fill. Marge looked at me with puppy dog eyes, and I gave her a head nod, it was all I needed to do. She was down, and had my cock in her mouth. No one complained, they all love Marge, and so do I she is such a sweet person. I figured if she could get it up again, I would fuck her with it.
This time I was standing, and Marge and I were the only ones on display naked, I could look around to observe my wife's friends as they watched me getting my hard cock sucked, that was another first for me. I had to wonder if they were staring at my cock, or at Marge's big breast pressed against me. My answer came as one of the girls yelled fuck her big tit's with your hard cock, it was like something you would hear in a male strip club, and I was all for it. I never fucked tits that big before. She laid down and pushed them together, and they covered all but the head of my cock, I was balls deep in her tits.
I spent some time in between them, I was enjoying having my rock hard cock on display as I fucked her as I again observed the girls giving us their attention, and wanted to make sure my cock was ready to shoot another load, hopefully it would be a decent one, I wanted to give her something to remember. Marge gave me even some more time, as she pulled me closer to use her mouth to make sure she was going to get a hard cock.
Now I was so hard my cock was standing straight out like a teenagers. It was time, so I asked her how she wanted to fuck, she chose from behind, and I asked for a pillow to lift her ass up. She moved her legs tightly together the moment I entered her, she wanted a tight fuck, who doesn't I guess. I have to say for her age and size her pussy felt snug as soon as I entered it.
I stroked her as she massaged her own clit, and it was not long before she came the first time. She was not extremely loud, but her sounds of pleasure were continuous. I continued to stroke her at a moderated pace until she came again, and felt it was time to go for it. The girls had settled down, and other than a few strokes I could feel on my ass and thighs I was on my own. I had to assume that since she had not been fucked in a while she would want the shot and small pie I had left for her. She expressed her pleasure as I released, and she tightened her grip on my cock, she had good muscle control of her vagina in this position, it was extra pleasure for me. She rolled over on her side and I crawled up to hug her and give her some tender kisses, and get to feel her breast against my chest one last time.
It was by no means a charity fuck, this mature was a pure pleasure to fuck, I would do it again if Erin gives me the chance. As I stood in front of the now dressed girls, I was getting sober, but the high of being naked for the crowd took over. They were done with me, but I stayed naked. I was enjoying being the nights stud for some hot MILFs, and was proud of my sexual performance. Jill gave me a long kiss, and hug, and thanked me with her wonderful smile, her dimples were showing, and her blue eyes penetrated my soul. I knew this was going to be something to remember for a long time, forever.
I stood on the front stoop naked, and kissed everyone goodbye, I hoped one of the nosy neighbor women would see me, this exhibitionist kink had grown on me. Two stayed, and were going to share a bed, one grabbed my cock and the other my ass, and jokingly told me I could join them as soon as Erin was asleep, at least I thought they were joking. Two others shared a UBER as they live in the same neighborhood, Jill got her own.
I guess I am off the hook now, everyone in her club has seen my cock, if fact they all sucked and fucked me, and I have no idea other than Jill, Ellie and Marge, who was a good fuck or not. I am sure she will eventually find someone new for me to flash, she always does, and I probably will give in, because now I know I might get to fuck them.
I am a lucky guy to have Erin as a wife that gets off sharing me with her friends.
The End.