Chapter 2 – Tammy's Dream
Thankfully over the next few days I had no more dreams—the revelation of some, if not all, of my Melanie Dream being real events enough of a shock to my system. I had eavesdropped on the girls' conversation, and from all I could discern, things happened the way I dreamt through Melanie.
I had to figure out what I could about the dreams before they drove me insane. They became an obsession, to the point where I was blowing off work to surf the internet for some clue as to what could be happening. To analyze them better, I listed what I knew of the two dreams I could recall the best for comparison:
Suzanne's dream had some truth to it:

Reviewing the highlights of the dreams, the main similarities were lusting after the women and having recent contact with them. I remembered touching Melanie the day of the dream; I could not recall whether I had touched Suzanne, but helping with her groceries I had close enough contact it could not be rule it out. I did not remember any physical contact with the other women dreamed, although one was a server at Starbucks, so I could not rule contact with them either.
The other commonality was the sexual desire I had for the women, particularly to watch Melanie get some at the club. Being the horny male I was, I knew I would not have minded seeing the other women I dreamt of get the same, though I could only remember my lustful thoughts of Suzanne and Melanie definitively of all the earlier dreams, being so fresh in my mind. Still, all the women were good looking, so how could I not have thought about having sex with them?
Researching the internet, I found no shortage of theories explaining what could be occurring, ranging from manifestations of my psyche to spectral projection, where I was a disembodiment of my subconscious. I explored dream interpretations as well; however, so many aspects of my dreams existed, interpretations ranged from being normal to gay to a wanting a pony for my eighth birthday—total bullshit.
As there appeared to be some reality to the dreams, I also investigated articles on prophesy and clairvoyance, but nothing described dreaming events actually occurring while I slept. The closest explanation I could find was the disembodied experience, but even that did not explain everything.
The only good advice I got out of all the study was to maintain a "dream diary" to record everything when I woke up. This would serve several purposes: it would record the dreams so I could verify if events actually happened, be able to compare them better, and, if worse came to worse, I could have some shrink look them over. The dreams were not harmful, so seeing the head doctor was premature, but at least I would be prepared in the eventuality.
*********************
The following weekend one of my old college buddies Neil and his wife were holding a football party, so Sunday found me driving to their house. Arriving I found a lot of my buds already there, parking in the street due to lack of driveway space. Walking to the front door I overheard loud yelling and cheering from inside the house, knowing the party was well under way even though the games were not starting for another hour or so.
I let myself in knowing nobody would hear me knock and headed straight to the kitchen to drop off my donation of a twelve-pack and grocery bags full of snacks and dips I picked up from the store on the way over.
"Hey Tom!" a female voice caught my attention as I entered the kitchen. I looked up to see Tammy, Neil's wife surrounded by the chaos of chip bags, beer, sandwiches, and other donations brought in by everybody.
"Hey Tams," I smiled as she gave me a quick kiss on the cheek.
I had known Neil and Tammy since college, and they were the ideal stereotypical couple: Tammy had been a cheerleader in college and Neil had been our quarterback, so it was only natural he ended up with one of the cheerleaders. But there was more, they had a natural attraction to each other and when they looked at each other even after 6 years you could see the love in their eyes.
Tammy was wearing beige cargo pants painted to her ass and a tight white spaghetti-strapped t-shirt hugging her breasts admirably. The t-shirt was sheer and I could readily see her white lace bra, adding to the overall effect.
I should mention that not only had Tammy been a cheerleader, but she had been a HOT cheerleader, and her body had gotten better over time. Neil was the envy of all our friends, instead of bagging and releasing her which was his usual modus operandi, he kept her, to everybody's happiness and sadness—knowing such a hot body was off the market.
Being male I could not help but admire Tammy's well-toned legs and the way her casual clothes hugged her body, or the way her 5-inch wedge-heeled sandals accentuated her legs perfectly.
"Where you want these?" I asked, wanting to join the yelling in the other room and escape the lewd thoughts of my friend's wife.
She directed me to drop them anywhere there was space and thanking her, I waved a quick bye and headed to the living room.
The chaos I walked into was a happy sight. Almost every seat was taken and I was greeted by a plethora of yells welcoming me as a beer was thrown my way. I plopped myself into one of the few available beanbag chairs brought out from the attic specifically for the occasion and looked around. I recognized most of the crowd, having known some of these guys for years, and soon I was in the midst of the cheering and jeering, having a good time.
Various yells and bets were going on, as the two games played today were particularly momentous. Between the four teams all but two people were represented from those states. It was one of the main reasons for the party, in order to celebrate the odd phenomenon courtesy of the NFL.
The first game was Tennessee versus Tampa Bay and right before kickoff Tammy came in bearing a full bowl of chips and dip. Neil followed behind with a cooler of beer to the cheers of everybody. No reason to make beer runs to the kitchen when you did not have to!
As Tammy bent down to set the chips on the coffee table, a bunch of wolf calls and whistles erupted as her ass pointed towards us. Nobody could resist admiring the way the shorts cupped her ass, and several comments were made on whether she was going commando or wearing a thong.
"Hey, that's my wife you're all leering at all!" Neil laughed, knowing there was not a man in the room who hadn't fantasized about his wife at some point.
Neil sat down in his "throne" and Tammy literally plopped down on his lap, her finely honed legs draped over the arm, feet dangling to the side. The Lazy-boy recliner had been the result of a bet between Neil and Tammy, which suddenly reminded me of the other reason for this party.
"So guys, what's the big bet this year?" I asked to everybody's laughter, directed towards Neil and Tammy.
"Oh Christ, please tell me we don't have to see Neil in a goddamn cheerleader uniform again!" Mike yelled with many shouted agreements.
Although several people in our group were from either Tennessee or Florida, the "big bet" had always been between the couple on the recliner, as Tammy was from Memphis and Neil's hometown was Tampa. As such, they had an ongoing rivalry for this game over the years, the bets becoming a tradition. The bets were all good natured fun, ranging from gifts one or the other wanted to various odd jobs around the house. For example, one year Tammy requested Neil do all the dishes for a month, while a few years ago Neil won, the result being the ugly-ass, but extremely comfortable, recliner they were both propped up in.
Last year Tammy's winning request was one of the more joke-oriented bets, for Neil to wear a Titan Cheerleader uniform and serve snacks during the second game. Nobody but Tammy enjoyed seeing Neil's hairy legs and chest, and after that fiasco all of us were anxious to know Neil's revenge bet—except Tammy of course.
Tammy burst out laughing, "No, no, I wouldn't subject you all to that sight two years in a row!" she laughed as she reached into her pocket and pulled out an envelope. Everybody cheered, both from the fact of not having to see Neil in another cheerleader uniform, as well as the presence of her envelope. Both spouses wrote their requests in a sealed envelope, opened only after the game.
With a flourish Neil pulled out his own envelope, again to the cheering of the crowd, and placed it on the table with Tammy's as the game started.
The beer continued to flow, and by halftime there was obvious tension in the air between Neil and Tammy as the game finished the second quarter at a tie, 17-17. A couple of us helped bring sandwiches and munchies during the halftime show as we all joked around, speculation as to the couple's requests being the most common discussion.
The only break in the fun was when at one point Neil and I were alone in the kitchen. He looked at me seriously asking, "So, any more odd dreams?"
I had told Neil about the dreams when they first occurred, trying to get an idea if I was an oddball or if it was something other people dreamt about. He knew I had not been sleeping well due to them, but I had not told him anything lately, particularly since the Suzanne Dream. I was not about to tell him of the Melanie Dream or any of the obsessive research I was doing.
"No, nope, everything's back to normal," I chuckled as he slapped me on the back, heading back to the living room and the barrage of conversation.
Several times the topic of conversation turned to the pair of envelopes on the table as people asked what the requests were. Tammy only smiled saying she was going to get something everybody could enjoy. Neil burst out laughing saying he was sure everybody would enjoy his prize as well, leaving all of us to wonder what both were demanding. Various best were placed on what each had requested, the two most commonly known things were Tammy wanting new living room furniture for years, particularly since the Lazy-boy incident, while Neil had been yearning for a new barbeque grill for quite some time.
By the third quarter it was still anybody's game, Tennessee ahead by 2 points, and both Neil and Tammy were the most vocal with their cheers and criticisms, each one yelling louder than the other fans of both teams combined. It was one of the closest games we had ever seen, and the tension between the married couple was palpable as each routed for their team.
In the end, it came down to the last 20 seconds of the game, with Tampa having the ball at their won 40 yard line. As the Titan defense had been doing extremely well, Tammy was already strutting around the living room teasing Neil, who was too intent on watching the game. For the rest of us, it was hard to pay attention to the game as Tammy's perfectly formed breasts bounced every time she jumped, bending one of her tanned legs back as a leftover from her cheerleading days. Several people warned Tammy of counting her eggs before they were hatched, but she was too caught up in the mood to care.
As the ball was snapped, the clock started ticking down. The Buccaneers pulled a ballsy naked quarterback sweep which Tennessee fell for completely, leaving the quarterback alone as he ran to the sidelines. At the 14 second mark, he threw the ball to an opened receiver at the Buccaneer 40 yard line. As the clock ticked down on the screen all the Tampa people were shouting "Stop the clock! Stop the clock!" as the receiver, instead of running out of bounds, faked and began running. He made it to the 25 yard line before any real threat appeared from Tennessee, reaching the 20…15…10…
"Get the fucker!" Tammy was shouting over everybody as the Tampa crew began chanting "Go! Go! Go! Go!"
At the 5 yard line three Tennessee tackles merged on the receiver and everybody knew it was over when the receiver incredibly spun through them, falling forward into the end zone as Neil's triumphant yell, "TOUCHDOWN!" erupted through the room.
Sure enough, Tampa Bay won, final score 31-27 as half the room cheered, the other half groaned, pulling out wallets and throwing money to the winners. As things settled, somebody started the chant, "Ne-il! Ne-il! Ne-il!" As the gathering joined, he grabbed his envelope from the table with a big grin.
"I think all of you will find this year's request familiar. Tom, if you would do the honors," he said, handing me the envelope. This was all part of the tradition, as I always announced the winnings, having known both spouses for years.
Taking the envelope from Neil, I stood up dramatically as everybody settled down. I held the envelope over my head amid cheers and other shouts consisting of "Open the fucking thing already!" Ripping the side open, I slowly pulled out the piece of folded notebook paper, making more dramatic effect by unfolding it slowly, to the jeers of the crowd as I dodged a few empty beer cans.
"For this year's winning bet, Neil has requested," I shouted as I unfolded the paper and looked down. "Holy shit!" I exclaimed as Neil bust out laughing, others anxiously shouting for me to read. I looked up at Neil who was grinning at Tammy from ear-to-ear as I continued, "Well, payback sure is a bitch," I chuckled looking at the familiar paper. It was the same one I read last year, only the name Neil was crossed out and Tammy's name was replaced, as was the name of the football team.
As more people yelled for me to continue, I looked up at Tammy. "For this year's winning bet, Neil has requested that Tammy serve us all snacks for the entire second game dressed in the winning team's cheerleader uniform!"
The crowd erupted in cheers as I heard Tammy mutter next to me, "Goddamnit, I knew that bet would bite me in the ass."
As I showed everybody the paper, even Tammy got a good laugh seeing it was the same one she had written last year with the modifications.
Neil laughed. "I told you I would retaliate," he said, giving his wife a big kiss as everybody applauded.
Reaching behind the recliner he pulled out a box to which everybody cheered at—except Tammy of course, who reluctantly took the box and amid a bunch of wolf whistles and cheers, heading up the stairs to change while we all congratulated Neil on a well-played bet. Although conversation continued, there was an obvious expectancy in the room as everybody awaited Tammy. Many of the guys had seen Tammy in her cheerleading outfit in college, and couldn't wait for a second chance, while those who had not known her then were obviously anxious as Tammy was a beautiful woman, with the perfect "fuck-me" body.
Somebody made the comment about Neil getting some hot cheerleader ass tonight and he grinned, saying "We'll see," as the conversations turned to various cheerleader conquests in college. The talk eventually steered towards blowjobs, and a few of us joked with Neil if he didn't get some cheerleader ass, he needed to at least get off by a cheerleader blowjob.
Neil got strangely quiet and as the conversation turned away from him I looked at him questioningly.
"You know," he said when we were left alone for a bit refilling the cool in the kitchen, "in all these years Tammy's never sucked me off."
I stared at him in shock, not at the fact of Tammy not sucking him off, but more at him even confessing to me.
Neil laughed, "Ah, I've had too much to drink," he muttered. "Still Tom, it's true, she has never gone down on me—or anybody for that matter. Hell, I was her first and hopefully last, but, well, you know," he said, staring out the window.
I didn't know what to say to his confession, muttering something about at least he could still fuck the hottest cheerleader in the state when Tammy's voice came from upstairs, echoing through the house, "Goddamnit Neil, get your fucking ass up here NOW!"
As everybody looked at Neil as we exited the kitchen, he muttered, "Busted," and grinned at us. "What I forgot to tell her was I got the measurements for the outfit from her old college uniform," he chuckled to several bursts of laughter as some of us immediately realized Tammy's predicament.
A few guys looked around questioningly while Neil went up the stairs to accept his fate, so I explained to some of the newer guys how a few years ago one of Tammy's winning requests was a boob job, converting her flat A-cup chest to the nice healthy C-cup she had today. When the mental image of the top fitted for a flatter chest was pictured on a more endowed woman, the room burst into a bunch of male laughter. Several minutes passed by as people chatted, with many a gaze going back to the stairs.
Eventually Neil came down grinning from ear to ear as he plopped down in his chair. "Oh yeah, this is going to be good," he chuckled in amusement.
Just then we heard the "clomp, clomp" of boots coming down the stairs as the room got so quiet you could hear a pin drop as a dozen pairs of eyes turned towards the stairs.
Tammy came down the steps slowly, though whether for dramatic effect or embarrassment we were uncertain. First a pair of spiked knee-high black boots appeared. I glanced over at Neil who bobbed his eyebrows up and down, both of us knowing those were not the normal boot of cheerleaders who had to run around on a football field doing high kicks. The boots were shiny black leather, folded over the top in a pirate design popular since the Pirates of the Caribbean movies. As Tammy continued down the stairs, the boots gave way to her legs and a few guys started whistling. The only words describing the boots at this point were an incredible pair of "fuck me" boots.
As a few more steps were taken, more and more leg appeared, revealing Tammy's well-toned tanned thighs. As even more leg was revealed, I wondered if Tammy was even wearing anything until I saw the tattered hem of a deep red skirt appear. As she continued her slow decent down the stairs, the skirt was revealed to be slit up one side, the familiar cross stitching on the right thigh appearing.
More and more guys were making sexual innuendos as Tammy continued down the stairs, revealing her bare flat stomach. As she walked, the black ruffles at the rear of the skirt flared out, revealing brief glimpses of the red panty bottoms painted on her ass cheeks, amongst many a well-appreciative comment from the guys.
The final unveiling was even more spectacular as Tammy came down the rest of the stairs wearing the deep red and black "pirate" top. A few guys muttered "Holy shit" as Tammy turned towards us, the deep "V" neck spread apart as the tops of her breasts practically spilled out of the material. The overall effect was incredible, and I know several—including myself—felt blood leaving their body to other parts of their body.
Everybody cheered as Tammy flipped us off, looking at Neil. "You are so not getting any tonight," she muttered as everybody laughed.
Although the next game was about to start, nobody paid attention when Tammy came out of the kitchen bearing sandwich trays and other snacks. It was hard to determine what was a better view, watching her enter the room with her breasts spilling out of the top with her prominent cleavage, her skirt so high her legs seemed to go on forever, or when she left for the kitchen, the ruffled rear of the skirt bouncing up showing off her firm ass spilling out of the tight maroon leotard panties she was wearing underneath.
As the game started nobody could think of any more excuses to send Tammy back to the kitchen, so Neil patted his lap for her to sit down saying, "Come here baby."
Tammy looked at him replying, "Fuck you." To everybody's surprise, particularly mine, Tammy plopped down in my lap on the bean bag chair!
Neil laughed as Tammy put her arms around me to steady herself muttering in my ear, "Hope you don't mind, I'm pissed at him."
I was speechless. I have always flirted with Tammy, and having her sitting in my lap dressed in a two-sizes-too-small cheerleader outfit was awkward. I muttered something like "Not at all" as I put my arm around her bare waist to steady her, the feel of her skin causing my cock to swell. I prayed Tammy didn't notice as she leaned her cushioned chest into me to watch the football game.
As the game progressed, various guys would ask Tammy to get something from the kitchen or to refill the chips bowl—which seemed to be emptied more frequently than usual. Each time Tammy returned to cradle herself in my lap as I attempted to watch the game. Tammy's constant movement getting up and sitting back down caused things to be awkward, if not downright comfortable with a constant erection. I had to keep repositioning myself so I would not poke her with the hard-on I was sprouting each time she sat down.
I glanced over to Neil a few times and he grinned at me, knowing Tammy was purposely doing this to get back at him. Tammy's bulging breasts were inches from my face as we sat and watched the television, her arm draped over my shoulder. One hand was wrapped around her bare waist while my other was awkwardly resting on her smooth calves dapped over the bean bag chair.
With any other girl I would have enjoyed the attention, but this was my best friend's wife and a definite no-no. For the first time ever I was glad when the game was over, barely realizing who won as the party gradually broke up, some people getting rides from others because they had too much to drink.
As I left, Tammy gave me a big kiss on the cheek, thanking me for being such a sport. I muttered something about it being no problem as I headed out to my car, still trying to hide the hard-on I had the entire time.
When I got home I plopped on my couch, the image of Tammy foremost in my mind for obvious reasons. As if my erotic dreams weren't enough, being teased by my friend's hot cheerleader wife in a sexy outfit was frustrating at best.
Turning on the television I saw the Sunday night football game was on and although I didn't like either Pittsburgh or Baltimore, it was a good distraction and I knew I would probably doze off by the end of the game. At the halftime show a few minutes of the Baltimore Ravens Cheerleader squad's routine was shown. Seeing their outfits, I was reminded of Tammy in her tight Buccaneers Cheerleader outfit…
*********************
The boots were killing my feet, but to be expected from a brand new pair not yet broken in. I had to give Neil kudos; at least he was considerate enough to get the pair I had been eyeing for months. It was his way of saying he loved me, while at the same time humiliating me for last year's bet. Although obviously not "cheerleader" issue, the boots did look hot on my, accentuating my legs perfectly. I grinned, knowing how Neil likes to show off his hot cheerleader wife in public from time to time, so was more than happy to wear "fuck me" boots for my man.
What I was more pissed off at was the rest of the outfit. The top was so tight my breasts spilled out of the "V" neck, spreading the material apart to reveal more cleavage than if I were naked. Looking in the mirror, the mounds of flesh seemed to crawl out of the material in an attempt to escape, the material barely hiding my areolae. A small thrill went up my knowing I had a couple near nipple slips in front of the guys because of the tight top, thankful I had turned into Tom's body for most of the game.
The skirt was just as bad, being higher than I knew the Buccaneers' outfits were, purposely to show off my ass spilling out of the too tight leotard panties with each step I made. I had to stuff my ass cheeks back into the damn thing every time I went in the kitchen for fear of slashing the guys who could easily see underneath the skirt.
How Neil had gotten the costume was a mystery, but I knew it was fair payback for my stunt on him last year.
And it did feel sexy parading around all the guys dressed like this, the familiar tingle of lust going through my body as I recalled all the eyes watching my tits and ass. I laughed to myself remembering some of the outrageous requests to go to the kitchen from the guys to watch me, but I was more than happy to comply.
I regretted taking some of my frustration at Neil on Tom though. I really liked him, and if Neil and I had not gotten together, Tom would have been a big contender for the ideal husband. He was also the "safest" person I could sit with, one who would not pull any stunt to touch me, being a friend of ours for years.
Even so, I could not help but notice Tom's continuous hard-on pressing into me as I sat on his lap, the idea of turning somebody on so obvious sending shivers through me. Neil and I had played the "show off the hot wife" routine before, but rarely with our friends, so it was even more titillating to parade before people we knew, dressed as provocatively as I was.
Some of the guys I purposely stayed clear from though, particularly Marty, who was not only a friend of Neil's from before we met, but recently a new neighbor. For some reason Marty's leers rang alarms in my head, so I was glad he sat by Neil so I could avoid them both. Neil knew Marty in his "wilder days" as he called them, but they had drifted apart until a few years ago, when by pure coincidence we became neighbors.
I heard Neil come into the bedroom and stepped out of the bathroom where I had been musing and brushing my hair.
"So you really mad at me?" he said, somewhat pouting while holding back a grin at the same time.
I laughed. He knew I enjoyed being an exhibitionist, but also aware I was mad at the ill-fitting outfit. Even after all these years I loved the man like no tomorrow. "Now how can I be mad at my stud quarterback," I grinned, slowly walking up to him, swaying my hips seductively.
"You do look hot," he said, sliding his hands around my waist, the feel of his hands on my skin sending shivers through me.
I gasped at the flesh-on-flesh contact. After all these years Neil still stirred my blood unlike anybody else. Although I have never been with another man, I also did not ever want to be with another man, Neil satisfying every desire I could imagine.
Still, in the back of my mind I knew Neil wanted more. He had a radical sex life before we met, having heard rumors even before we had met about him hanging out at BDSM clubs and such, but he had never complained at the "white bread" conventional sex we had shared over the year. We always satisfied each other, but the last few years I sensed he wanted more.
I felt the hard flesh between his legs press into me as he pulled me against him. I moaned, kissing him, my tongue probing his mouth as he pulled me even tighter against him, grinding his hard-on into my abdomen. His hands moved down to cup my ass and I groaned in delight as he squeezed.
"Hmm, firm in these tight panties," he muttered against my mouth.
"I'm firm even without them," I retaliated against his mouth, kissing him again.
Neil smiled, "Well, we'll have to see about that." Kneeling down, his hands slid up my legs as I groaned my approval. His hands slid underneath the short skirt, cupping my ass as he kissed my crotch through the material. "I want to taste that sweet cheerleader snatch," he said below me as I groaned in response.
I felt him move his hands up higher, between the waistband of the skirt and hooking his fingers into the leotard panties. I felt the material of the leotard panties being pulled down, sighing in excitement as he pulled them down my thighs, working them around the boots as I stepped out of them, revealing my shaved pussy.
"Hmm, you wore no panties with all those guys around?" he asked, his tongue running between my legs as I let out a yelp, unable to give any other response. I felt my ass squeezed as I heard him mutter, "You're right, firm as ever," and I grinned, moving my hips as he continued to massage my bare ass, his tongue sliding up and down my slit.
I looked to the side at the mirror, seeing my man kneeling before me, kissing my pelvis as he gripped my ass and had a sudden thought of watching her suck him off. I shook my head, I mean watching ME suck him off I thought, her being the image in the mirror I hastily concluded.
Wait, suck him off? Why would I want to do that? Although Neil had asked many times before for me to have oral sex with him, the idea of putting his penis, the organ he urinated with, in my mouth caused me to gag. I had watched porno movies of girls going down on guys and knew the technique, but I could not get past the idea of putting something somebody went to the bathroom with near my mouth.
Again the idea of watching me/Tammy suck a guy off came into my head. I knew Neil wanted it, so why wasn't she—I mean I—willing to please my man? I shook my head as Neil nuzzled my pussy, not sure why my thoughts were focusing on such a thing. I gasped as Neil's tongue worked my bud, the thought of doing the same to his penis making my nipples hard; yet, at the same time, the back of my mind was revolted at the idea.
Suddenly it was like my conscious was completely reversed. Instead of being repulsed at the idea of sucking Neil off, I WANTED to suck him off, to feel his hard cock in my mouth. Not only that, but I groaned, the idea of him spurting into my mouth a desire worse than any craving I had ever had. I don't know where the idea came from—maybe too much beer tonight—but the thought caused my body to become even more aroused, deciding I should go with the flow as I grabbed Neil's head.
I looked down at him smiling, "Stand up, your cheerleader wants to show you her new routine."
Neil looked at me questioningly, but stood up. Giving him a quick kiss, tasting and smelling my own arousal on his lips, I wondered how I could not give him the same courtesy he gave me as I sank to my knees before him.
Neil looked down at me, "Baby?" he said, and I quickly "Shh'd" him, reaching up to his shorts and unbuckling them.
I could see his cock pressed against the fabric and felt a tingle through my body all the way to the core between my legs as I unzipped his shorts, pulling them and his underwear down his legs together, his hard cock springing out before my eyes like a Jack-in-the-box. I felt my mouth water, still uncertain where this desire was coming from, but could only go with the flow as Neil stepped out of his shorts and I knelt before him.
Not having done this before, I felt awkward, but the image of sucking somebody off in a bar flashed through my mind—where did that thought come from, I wondered—as thoughts of resisting the urge disappeared. It was probably some porno move we watched I decided, as I put my hand around his cock, feeling the firm flesh against my palm.
I looked up at him, grinning at the unexpected surprise on his face, finally giving in to my unusual desires. I pushed his cock up and licked the underside, feeling the firm vein against my tongue, the salty taste of his sweat, wanting more.
Both of us moaned at the same time. I could no longer hold back as I positioned his cock and lowered my head, opening my mouth and sliding the firm flesh between my lips. Again we both moaned in unison. The feel of him between my lips was an aphrodisiac as my tongue stroked the underside of his shaft, my head bobbing and sliding my lips up and down his shaft.
"Oh God, suck that cock Tammy," I thought in my head—the thoughts alien, but Neil moaned again, urging me on and I suddenly wanted his cock more than anything I had ever wanted. I began moving my head faster as his cock slid in and out of my mouth across my lips, my mouth watering in response.
Cock? I never called his penis a cock. Where did those thoughts come from, I again wondered, but just as quickly I thought why not call it a cock? And I wanted to be Neil's cock sucker I thought, again the abnormal thought quickly dismissed as I licked the head with the tip of my tongue when he was barely in my mouth. I groaned, tasting the salty yet sweet taste of him as I sucked him further into my mouth, letting my tongue run underneath the hard shaft.
The taste of him was incredible, and as I gave in to the sensation, I felt Neil's hips start to move. I slid my hands around his hips for support, clutching his ass as the head of his cock hit the back of my tongue. It was an odd sensation, but I was too caught in the moment as I sucked harder, clamping my lips firmly around his cock.
Neil held onto my head, moving his hips more forcefully, so I held still, allowing him to guide his thrusts while I held on. It was one of the most extraordinary experiences of my life and I wondered why I had never done this before as Neil's thrusts became faster and faster.
I became aware of my surroundings, listing to the wet slurping noises coming out of my mouth, the occasional "gagk" as he slammed into my throat and I partially chocked and coughed. Incredibly I could feel his cock getting harder, the same sensation I usually felt in my pussy as he fucked me and I knew my hubby was about to cum.
I almost pulled away, the thought of a man doing that in my mouth repulsive, when again as if possessed, my thoughts completely reversed. I WANTED him to cum in my mouth. I wanted to taste him, to feel a man spend himself in Tammy's mouth, giving in to his pleasure, using her like the sex object she was.
I almost paused, uncertain where the thoughts came from, briefly wondering why I was referring to myself in the third person, but suddenly I could not deny the thoughts any more than breathing as I held onto Neil's ass, now not to guide him but for pure support as his thrusts became faster and faster, his cock gliding back and forth across my lips. I coughed a few times as he slammed too far, hitting the back of my throat, but before any type of gag reflex kicked in, he was already pulling back out as his hips flexed.
Neil's thrusts became even faster and faster and I could do nothing but hold on as he literally fucked my mouth. The bedroom echoed with the sounds of "chruacht, glacht, cruacht" as his cock repeatedly slammed itself into my mouth and the back of my throat, the result of his cock hitting my throat and sucking. This is what he wanted, and I was happy to comply, the echoes of sucking sounds filling my ears.
Suddenly he grabbed my head, pushing his cock into me as I felt it pulse against my tongue. A jet of warm fluid hit the back of my throat and I instinctively started swallowing, realizing a man was coming in my mouth for the first time in my life.
The fluid was too much as I felt it filling my mouth, the taste salty and bitter at the same time. Although not repulsive, the texture was what overcame thoughts of taste as what felt like warm yogurt filled my mouth. I had to open my mouth to breathe, feeling the warm gelatinous fluid leak from my lips to drip down my chin, the warm liquid splattering against my breasts, pressed out of the top and serving as a fleshy bib.
I continued swallowing as much as I could; abstractedly noticing Neil's cock softening. I swallowed the rest of the viscous fluid in my mouth as he pulled his cock back, an audible "pop" resonating in the room as he cleared my lips and I attempted to still suck him.
I felt almost deprived as the fleshy member left my lips, licking the last of his cum from them. I could definitely get used to the taste I thought.
The idea of seeing Tammy with cum dripping down her chin onto her breasts was unbelievable…
What? Why the hell was she thinking of herself in the third person she wondered.
Looking up at Neil, he had a big smile on his face. "That," he began, trying to catch his breath. "That was incredible," he finally gasped, pulling me to my feet. "You are so beautiful," he said.
I could imagine what I looked like, my chin and chest wet with his seed as I only smiled. "Well, it was better than I thought too," I finally said.
Neil pulled me onto the bed and we cuddled. I wiped my chin and chest off, the urge to lick the cum off overwhelming, but I was still trying to overcome the idea of having sucked him off to be that far gone in lust, as I wiped my face and chest with a tissue, the smell of cum permeating the air.
"So my sexy cheerleader," Neil said, nuzzling my neck, "how was it?"
"Well, I can't lie, it was incredible. I never imagined it would be such a turn on," I admitted.
"So how did it taste?" he asked, knowing it was one of my biggest fears, imagining the taste of urine—not that I had ever tasted any thank you very much—one of my reservations.
"Well, it was salty, sort of bitter," I said, and then a weird thought came to me I spoke before even thinking about, "but it was sweeter than Brad or Tim's."
*********************
"What the fuck!" I said, sitting straight up from my couch. I shook my head, the late night news on the television as I gasped, the dream fresh in my mind. "What the fuck?" I again stated in my mind.
Did that really happen or was I only fantasizing, I wondered. Granted it had been as real as the Melanie Dream, but fucking-A, Tammy and Neil?
I could not believe such an event transpired, probably a combination of Tammy being so hot in her cheerleader outfit, Neil's confession in the kitchen, and too many beers giving my imagination free reign. That they were having problems obviously bothered me, and I guess my imagination took over hoping for the best between them to make them both happy.
Holy crap but it was so real, but honestly, that shit couldn't have happened, could it?
I got up, going to the kitchen and pouring myself half a glass of vodka I pulled from the freezer. Yeah, I shouldn't be mixing beer and liquor I thought, but goddamn I needed it right now I reasoned, gulping half the glass to steady my pulse before going back to the living room.
Christ, that dream had been too much. It had all the makings of the other dreams, but Tammy and Neil? Surely it was my overactive imagination I again reasoned. Still, I finally gave in and pulled out my dream diary, writing everything that happened.
By the time I finished writing everything, I was on my second glass of vodka, some B-rated movie playing on the television when I was startled out of my pants at the door to my apartment being pounded on.
Looking at the clock I saw it was after 1:00 am. "What the…?" I muttered, as I got up. Looking through the peephole, my mind blanked in shock as I saw Neil on the other side of the door.
Quickly opening the door, Neil stepped in, "Hey, what's up?" I asked concerned. "Is everything alright?"
"Fuck no," Neil replied. Seeing the vodka in my hand, he looked at me, "Got any more of that, I could use a belt."
I quickly followed him into the kitchen, where he poured a glass doing my copious glass to shame, downing it in a single gulp before he poured another.
"Dude," I said, "what the fuck is going on?"
"Tammy and I got into a big fight," Neil confided to me sucking down half of his second glass.
"Over what?" I asked, a sinking suspicion forming in my head. "You two have fought before, but I've never seen you like this," I told him. "Hell, even in college when you were a hot-head I've never seen you this worked up," I told him.
"Well, you know…fuck man, I shouldn't be telling you this shit," he said, somewhat at a loss for words.
"Neil, you know I'm here for you" I told him, "..and Tammy." I added. "Whatever's going on this is not something you two cannot work out," I told him.
"Fuck man, I think she's cheating on me," Neil confessed after a pause.
"What!" I exclaimed. The idea of Tammy cheating on Neil—or vice versa—was impossible. The love those two shared was a pivotal foundation of the universe. "When the fuck did this happen, I mean, what happened?" I asked. "Hell, when I left, you were about to ravage her right on the doorstep," I told him.
"I know, I know," he muttered, taking another gulp of the vodka. "Jesus, I don't know. Fuck, I probably shouldn't be talking to you, but I had nowhere else to go," he said.
I could tell he was on the verge of a breakdown as I put my hand on his shoulder, gently leading him to the couch. "Dammit Neil, you were my roommate for two years before you moved in with Tammy. You were there when my mother passed away. We've been through fucking a lot together. You know I view Tammy like a sister," I said.
Neil looked up at me, raising his eyebrows as I laughed, "Ok, Ok, so I'm into incest, but you know I would never…wait, you don't think Tammy and I…?" I started to say.
"Fuck no," Neil said. "Shit, I don't know happened tonight," he said.
At least he was sipping his glass, not taking huge gulps of it as I calmly told him to tell me what happened. Eventually, he told me the story…
"Well, you know what I told you Tammy had never sucked me off?" he asked.
I felt a sinking feeling in my gut as I nodded, indicating for him to continue.
"Tonight I got my wish. Jesus, I shouldn't be telling you this," he said taking another sip of his drink, but continued. "Well, we had planned a great evening, you know, the cheerleader outfit and all," he smiled wistfully.
One of the things I knew about Tammy and Neil was their enjoyment of role playing, which both ad confided into me at different times, and after many drinks amongst us. Since Neil had been a bit hardcore before Tammy—being heavily into the BDSM scene, it was one of the few ways he could let out some of his imagination and something Tammy apparently enjoyed as well. I nodded, again waiting for Neil to continue.
"Well, tonight, she finally gave in, and fuck, it was incredible. Goddamn, the best blowjob I had ever had. I'm telling you Tom, it was worth the goddamn wait. And not only that, but she goddamn swallowed almost the whole load, I couldn't have asked for anything better," he told me.
Uncomfortable at the topic of my two closest friends, my dream replaying in the back of my mind, I asked him what had happened, dread at already knowing filling me to my soul.
"Fuck, I shouldn't be telling you this, but…well, fuck. Afterwards, we cuddled on the bed and out of curiosity, I asked her how it had tasted, you know, since she…" he broke up, almost a sob as he finally finished, "since she had never…"
I knew he couldn't continue, so waited quietly, the sound of the television playing in the background. Eventually, after taking a few more sips of his glass, he composed himself and continued.
"I asked how it was, and…well, Jesus Christ Tom, she compared it to not somebody else, but two other fucking guys!" he finally exclaimed.
My mind went blank, the dream rearing its ugly head as fear gripped me. "What…?" I began. "I mean, who?" I asked as a sinking suspicion at the back of my mind began to form.
Suddenly Neil looked up, "Do you know a Brad or Tim?" he asked, as I felt the blood leave my face.
My mind went blank. No, it could not be! Surely that fucking did not happen! And worse yet, surely I had nothing to do with it!
"Brad and Tim?" I asked, trying to keep my voice steady, "No, that's nobody any of us know." I said.
"I know," Neil said. "Fuck, I don't know. Tammy said she didn't know why she said it, crying she had never been with anybody but me, especially doing something like sucking anybody off..." Neil's voice drifted off as he stared at the television, not seeing it.
"Dude," I said, my mind racing as I tried to figure out what was going on not only with my two closest friends, but the dream I had—the discovery of it being more true than ever shaking the very foundation of my existence. "Dude," I repeated, "you know she was pissy about you getting her a how-many-sizes-too-small costume?" I asked.
Neil smiled in spite of himself, "Two, it was two sizes too small, but goddamn, her tits and ass looked good in it, didn't it?" he chuckled.
I smiled, "Yes, your wife is hot, I won't deny it. And you know as well as I for all her showing herself off in front of anybody she would never cheat on you. Goddamnit bud, the love you two have is the stuff of legends. Hell, every time one of you look at each other I expect goddamn doves to fly out of your asses with ribbons in their fucking beaks," I told him, trying to lighten the mood. "You know damn well Tammy has no interest in anybody other than you," I told him.
We talked for a while more, one half of my brain trying to figure out what the fuck was happening, the other side trying to reconcile to Neil things were alright.
"Things have been a bit tense between us lately," he admitted in the midst of us talking. Asking him what he meant, he continued, "Well, you know I was into hardcore shit before Tammy, right?" he asked.
How could I not know I thought, having roomed with him for two years, the sounds of whips and moans from his bedroom engrained into my brain, but I simply replied, "Yeah, I knew."
"Well, things have been pretty stale between us lately. I mean, fuck, I love her, and sex with her is great, and I'd like to think we both satisfy each other, but something's missing, you know?" he asked.
"Like what?" I looked at him.
"Damnit Tom, you know I love her, and respect the shit out of her, don't you?" he asked as I nodded, unable to fathom where this conversation was going. "Well, it's just that, you know, I like to be in control, I like her doing what I tell her to do…I mean, I respect her and shit, but at times, she's too straight-laced in the bedroom. I miss…more," he said.
Thoughts of Tammy in leather BDSM gear flashed ludicrously in my mind as I asked him if he and Tammy had talked about it.
"Not really, I mean, I don't want her to think I don't enjoy being with her! But after almost 10 years, I miss being with a slut," he confided, getting up and starting to pace the room. "Hell, our dress-up routine—even today in her way-too-revealing outfit was her concession to allowing me dictate and show her off, but it's only caused me to want to see more, to see how far she would go," he said, finishing off his vodka and refilling it before he sat back down.
I was at a loss for words. What the hell did you tell your best friend, who was married to your other best friend, about shit like this?
Eventually, I convinced him he needed to talk to Tammy, reasoning keeping things like this from each other was only going to cause it to fester. I also explained how Tammy was more-than-likely being bitchy about him pulling the way-too-small outfit routine on her. Regardless, he finally agreed they needed to talk to each other, not me. Tammy knew of his past, so if he needed more, the least he could do is talk about it with her to see how it would go…
"Are you alright to drive?" I asked, looking at the nearly empty bottle of Grey Goose in the kitchen.
"Yeah, I'll take it slow. Dude, I owe you one, and thanks," he said, giving me a hug.
"It's the least I can do," I told him, choked up. "Now go back to your wife," I told him.
As the door closed, my mind raced, the phrase "What the fuck?" reverberating through my brain.
Based on what Neil had told me, everything had happened exactly as my dream. It was even more real than Melanie's Dream, events happening exactly as I dreamed, but it may have been because I knew the people in this dream better.
The idea of Tammy, after six years of denying Neil oral sex suddenly giving in was another surprise. Tammy was not known for ever giving into to something she so adamantly refused, so what was different about tonight? There was no way a woman with that much phobia about oral would not only give in, but swallow—let alone enjoy it!
And what the fuck—Brad and Tim? Tammy hung out with the same group of friends we all had, and nobody had those names. Neil earned enough Tammy did not have to worry about any job, being the content stay-at-home housewife lost in her various crafting hobbies. There wasn't anything she did she did not share with Neil, so there was no way either of them would know anybody without the other knowing them as well.
The only time those names had ever come about were from Melanie's Dream. What the fuck? How was that even possible?
My thoughts were shockingly intruded by the loud ring of my telephone. Looking at the clock I saw it was almost 3:00 am, Jesus, this place was Grand Central Station I thought as I picked up the phone. My thoughts were wiped clean as I saw "Tams and Neil" on the Caller ID.
"Hey," I answered, knowing who was on the other line without asking. Neil had left only a few minutes ago, and was still a good 30 minutes from his house at the best of times.
"Hey," an unsteady voice came over the line as I closed my eyes.
"Heyas Tams, and I'm not going to ask how you're doing," I said.
"So he is there," she said, the worry and relief obvious in her voice.
"Well not any longer, I sent him home, he should be there in about 30," I told her.
There was silence on the line as I waited. My thoughts incongruously revolved on the thought of Tammy kneeling down in her tight cheerleader outfit, sucking cock like a pro when her voice finally came over the line.
"So…so, did he…I mean…well, you know we had a fight, but…fuck Tom, what did I do?" she pleaded.
"Well, before you have to embarrass yourself explaining things, yes, Neil told me. I'm not judging either of you, and like I told him, I know you both love each other. But I need to know, where did those two guys' names come from?" I asked, dread in my stomach.
"Jesus, I don't know Tom!" she exclaimed, her sobs obvious over the line. "One minute we were…I mean we were spending an intimate moment, and the next thing I know they popped into my head and I blurted them out. Fuck I don't know where they came from; it was like somebody beamed them into my goddamn skull, forcing me to say it," she said.
I could hear the anxiety in her voice as I tried to calm her down. "So there is nobody else? I'm sorry Tams, I know this is personal, and if you don't want to talk about it…" I said.
"No, no, you are our closest friend. Goddamn Tom, you're like a brother to me," she said. "Well, ok, how about a close cousin," I heard the humor coming back in her voice. "I've seen the way you look at me, not to mention your response to my outfit tonight," she giggled hysterically, and I knew she had probably had a few drinks to steady her nerves as well. I knew she was on the verge of a nervous breakdown of some sort, so let her talk.
"Sorry Tom, it's just…well, you are the closest friend either of us have. I know you're a complete gentleman and would never…" she trailed off. "Dammit, no there's nobody else!" she finally exclaimed. "Hell, I have never even thought of anybody else, and if I were to sleep with anybody, it would be somebody like you, I mean, fuck, I don't know what I mean," she said in exasperation.
"I know, you don't have to explain," I reassured her, "and yes, you are one of the hottest girls I know, but I also wouldn't harm a hair on your and Neil's relationship. Look, you both had a bit to drink tonight, and I know you were pissed at Neil's obviously mental lapse on your measurements," I chuckled.
I heard Tammy chuckle in response as both of us knew Neil prided himself on being able to recite Tammy's exact measurements, all the way down to the ring size of her little toe. Purchasing the two-sizes-too-small outfit was obviously a well-planned event.
"Yeah, him having me parade around like that was a bit of a shocker," she admitted. "I mean, you've seen me in worse, but some of those guys…" she trailed off. "Even so, for him, I would do anything, and it was all in clean fun, although I'm sure a few guys had some other thoughts," she giggled.
"Yes, I'll admit it again, you are fucking hot," knowing she needed some sort of encouragement. "And I also know you and Neil have something special, so I'll tell you like I told him, you two need to talk. Christ, I know better than you two neither of you would ever look at anybody else, so whatever happened tonight, just shrug it off. If you want my advice…" I trailed off, Neil's comment about wanting more at the forefront of my thoughts.
"Yes, please," Tammy said quietly.
"If you want my advice, tell him you did it in retaliation for parading you around in the outfit, no more, no less. Where those names came from are neither here nor there, and I'll never tell Neil anything about you calling," I promised her.
"Thanks Tom, you are a true friend," she whispered. "But what can I do to make it up to him?" she pleaded.
More thoughts of Neil's comments about wanting more out of their sex life came to my mind, but I should not have been the one to tell them that; and yet, they were asking me for advice. "Look, Neil told me there's been some strain going on in the bedroom," I finally confessed.
"Shit, I wondered if that was it," I heard Tammy say.
"Look, he wants more. I know there are things you will never do, although tonight proved that isn't necessarily the case, right?" I asked, hearing her quiet grunt of affirmation.
"Seriously Tom, I don't know what came over me. One minute I was disgusted, and then it was like a switch had been flipped and I had…uh, I mean I was doing things I never would have dreamed of," she said.
"All I'm saying is be open-minded, or at least talk to him. That's the only advice I can give you both, talk it out." I told her. "You know about his past, and tonight he feels like he's been slighted. My suggestion is to give in a little, let him have a bit more control…I'm not saying do anything you don't want to, just be open-minded."
I listened for a few more minutes, knowing she was content having somebody else on the other line when I heard her sigh. "Well, the garage door is opening, so it's time to face the piper I guess," she said reluctantly. "Thanks Tom, for everything, me, Neil…well, you know," she said.
"Go to your man Tams," I told her. "Both of you will apologize, and you'll make up, and this will become nothing but a filled in pot-hole in your relationship," I told her. "And remember, make-up sex is great," I laughed.
She chuckled, "You always had a way with words," she said. "Thanks, and you're right, it's time I talked to my man, night Tom," she said.
I said my goodbye as I hung up, hoping they worked things out as my mind drifted to my own thoughts.
What the fuck happened?
I poured another glass of vodka, finishing off the bottle as I turned off the television and went into the bedroom. My thoughts were mixed, much of my mind focused on the hopes of Tammy and Neil working things out, but I also had my own issues, as the dream was truer than I imagined.
The scary thing was HOW much of it was true. I did not know any of the women before, so I have no clue whether anything they did in my dreams was uncharacteristic with them; but Tammy I had known for years. For me to see her change her mind and perform such a sexual predicament went against everything I knew about her.
Picking up my dream diary, I went to the back where I had written down what I remembered of Melanie and Suzanne's dream, adding a new entry:
Tammy's Dream – completely true!1. Tammy HAD sucked Neil off—something she had never done before.2. Neil confided in me about Tammy never wanting to give head, which she did in my dream and in reality—did I put the thought in her head?3. Brad and Tim? They knew nobody by those names. Only Melanie—and myself through my dream—knew those names. Both are actual guys, but how could Tammy know them?4. I had obviously touched Tammy—hell, she had sat in my lap with my arm around her bare waist for an entire football game.5. My thoughts had obviously been sexual about her, especially in that hot cheerleader outfit
Closing the book, I downed my vodka and laid back on the bed, turning off the light on the nightstand, my thoughts going a mile a minute. What the fuck was going on? The thought bounced back and forth in my mind like a ball in a pinball machine, going randomly through my head.
God, I hope Tammy and Neil resolved things I thought to myself. Hell, if I were Tammy I would do whatever Neil demanded, regardless of her negative fixation on sucking or any other fetish. Neil loved Tammy, of that I had no doubt, but I knew from our candid discussions he wanted more out their sex life. Although content, there was still the urge in him of wanting more. I hoped Tammy could convince him she was worth keeping, particularly over such a stupid mistake.
I thought back to some of the articles I read on dreams and out-of-body experiences. Had I really shared my subconscious with Tammy? If not, how did she know Brad and Tim's names? Had I thought about it, having Melanie's dream fresh in my head and somehow relayed it to her?
These and a thousand other questions flooded my head as I closed my eyes, trying to figure out what was going on. I could feel the alcohol taking effect, the vodka hitting harder due to being primed by all the beer earlier as I tried to calm my mind.
Neil was the only man I had ever been with; hell, I hadn't even thought about sucking anybody off—even Neil. So why tonight did I even do it tonight? And who the fuck was Brad and Tim? These and a thousand other question flooded my head as I closed my eyes, trying to figure out what was going on.
I could feel Neil's arms tighten around me, smelling alcohol on him. Neil's anger and betrayal relayed through his body. It had been in his voice as we talked, and it was now in his embrace as we both tried to rationalize what had happened.
Fuck, I needed to rationalize what had happened as well. Who the fuck was Brad and Tim I wondered for who knows how many times. And what had come over me even before that? I had never wanted to have oral sex with anybody, even Neil who was my heart and soul. And yet, I went down on him like a pro, not only sucking him off, but swallowing as much as I could like an eager cum slut. I had WANTED to go down on him, and the thought—almost abhorrent before tonight—no longer even caused me to second-guess doing it again.
Goddamn, was I going through my change of life prematurely? I was only fucking 28, what the hell was happening to me?
"Baby, I'm sorry," I whispered for what seemed the dozenth time. "There's nobody but you, I swear. I was only being vindictive, pissed off at the outfit," I rationalized, trying to convince myself as well as Neil. I was still in the cheerleader outfit—sans panties—as I had been too shaken up to change, even while on the phone with Tom.
I thought back to the phone conversation, saying a silent prayer of thanks for Tom, who had to put up with not only Neil, but myself. He was a true friend, and I needed to repay him big somehow, regardless of whether Neil and I worked things out. My breath caught as I imagined my life without Neil, I could not even conceive it as I felt his embrace tighten.
"Baby, I'll do anything to make it up to you," I whispered for another dozenth time. I had been saying the same litany for the last half hour as we talked. I would not lose Neil, no matter what. I did not care what he asked I would do anything for him. If he wanted me to wait on him hand and foot, fine. He wanted me to suck him off every night, fine. If he wanted me to parade in front of the goddamn town square in this outfit I was willing. Whatever he wanted I was willing to do, anything for him.
Those thoughts and more circled around my head. Although some were completely against my nature, none of them seemed abnormal as I reasoned doing anything to keep them—I mean us—together.
I again felt Neil's embrace tighten, "I need to know, is there anybody else?" he whispered, for probably the dozenth time.
I felt my heart bleed as I answered, tears rolling down my face to soak his shirt, "Baby, there is nobody but you. I told you those names popped into my head, there is nobody but you. You are everything to me. I'll do anything to prove it," I again implored.
I felt his arms tighten around me, knowing he was thinking about something, but a few minutes went by before he spoke again. "Anything?" he finally whispered.
I felt my heart race, hope flaring inside as I answered, "God yes Baby, I'm so sorry I put you through that!" I again told him.
I felt Neil shift, stepping back. As I looked up into his eyes, I could see disappointment, expectation, and…anger. Anger was what was over his face more than anything, and I realized I deserved it. For whatever reason I had said those names to him, I was willing to do anything for his forgiveness.
Looking up at Neil's face, seeing the anger in his eyes, I could only look at him expectantly as I waited for his forgiveness. I don't know what he was thinking, but I saw something pass over his face I had never seen before as he looked at me, apparently reaching a decision.
"OK, you want to prove you're mine?" he said as I only nodded in reply. "Fine, then prove you're mine and mine only, down on your knees bitch," he said.
I looked up at him in surprise, both at his tone and language. Neil had never spoken to me like that. Sure we had argued in the past, never as serious as this, but he had never raised his voice to me, always taking some time to formulate his thoughts. Now, all I heard was anger.
"Did you hear me slut?" he said, catching my attention, "I said on your knees, unless you didn't mean that either," he sneered.
Wordlessly I dropped to my knees. I looked up expectantly at him as he reached down, shoving his shorts down in anger as his semi-hard erection was bared.
"Suck me bitch, suck me like I'm the only cock you ever want," he commanded and I could do nothing but obey.
For the second time in my life, and in one night, I put a man's penis—no, cock I corrected myself, remembering Neil calling me a bitch and slut. Yes, I put a cock in my mouth. The feel of his soft skin against my tongue stirred something inside of me as I felt arousal build again all probability.
I ran my tongue around the head, feeling him growing in my mouth as I gently sucked him. As he got firmer, I started moving my head, his left hand wrapping in my hair as I began sliding my lips back and forth along his length.
"That's a good little slut, you like your husband's cock, don't you?" Neil said above me.
I could only groan in reply, knowing it was true. After all that had happened tonight, the truth was I DID like his cock, and I was willing to prove it, pumping his cock in and out of my mouth.
On impulse, I moved my hand and cupped his balls, his groan the only assurance I needed as I started playing with his sack, his cock slithering in and out of my mouth. I could still taste his previous ejaculate, having left for Tom's right after our fight, and it was a familiar welcome as I eagerly sucked Neil.
"OK, that's enough," Neil said suddenly to my surprise. I looked up at him as he pulled back his hips, his cock sliding out of my mouth with an audible 'slurp' from my wet lips.
"Stand up slut," he commanded, to which I obediently complied. "You liked showing off yourself to the guys earlier today, didn't you?" he asked unexpectedly.
I felt my pulse quicken as I merely nodded, unable to put anything to words. This was not the Neil I knew; it was Neil, but somebody else as well. The thought of losing him again came to my mind as I vowed to myself to do anything to keep him. I realized tonight he was going to make me pay for my faux pas, and remembering Tom's advice, I swore to myself I would do whatever he asked of me.
"Well, we should show others how much a slut you are, shouldn't we?" he asked.
I did not know what he was talking about, but again, willing to do anything to make up for our fight I nodded.
Neil moved over to the full-length bay window of our bedroom pulling the curtains wide open. "Come here slut," he commanded, to which I meagerly complied.
I did not know what he was wanting, but again, at this point, I did not care as he put his hands on my hips, positioning me in front of the window.
"Stand there," he commanded as he stepped away.
I was confused, what was he doing? The overhead light to the bedroom turned off, leaving only the nightstand light turned on as I glanced back to see what Neil was doing.
"Stare straight ahead," he demanded of me. "In fact, why don't you step back from the window a bit," he ordered, to which I complied. "Good," he said once I had stepped back about two feet.
Looking out, I could see the traffic on our street. We lived in a busy neighborhood which served as an alternate to the main road, and due to construction, many people had started taking the extra five minutes detour to save the hassle. Even at the wee hours of the morning traffic was not uncommon as I suddenly realized I was on display to anybody passing by, my pulse quickening.
"Now, lean against the window," Neil commanded.
I suddenly comprehended he was going to display me in the window like a prize, as I reluctantly complied, part thrill, part embarrassment coursing through me. The thrill of being exposed in my cheerleader outfit, to who knows how many strangers, was causing my blood to speed up. Although as fast as cars drove by, they would have had to have slowed down or stopped to even see me, still the thought of knowing it was possible sent a buzz through me.
I know with the lights off except for the nightstand bathroom I was silhouetted in the window, hoping nobody could really see me, only a shape.
"Good," Neil said as I braced myself against the window, leaning forward. My ass was undoubtedly visible behind me due to the short skirt and I knew Neil was getting a good view, so pushed out my hips further, to give him all I had.
I heard movement and braced for him, but after a few seconds nothing happened. Glancing behind me, I did not see Neil anywhere in the room, wondering where he went. Suddenly I was blinded by a bright light from outside through the window. As my eyes adjusted, I realized Neil had turned on the outside security flood lights, pointing them directly at me. I was now spotlighted for anybody to see, again wondering what he was going.
I felt more than heard Neil re-enter the room a few minutes later, feeling my pulse quicken.
"Good girl, now stay that way for a bit while I try to reason why I should keep you," I heard behind me.
My heart skipped, part of me could hear teasing in his voice, but the anger was still there so I continued to lean against the window, displayed like a mannequin in a store window. Looking outside I abstractedly watched the traffic, my mind in turmoil at what was going through Neil's head. After a few minutes, I noticed several cars slowing down as they passed the house, a thrill coursing through me knowing they could see me on display like a shopping mall storefront.
Having nothing else to do, I watched the cars. Although several still passed by relatively fast, others slowed—their brake lights readily apparent on the dark road. After several more minutes, I watched as one car actually stop, parking directly across from us. I suddenly saw a flash from their window, realizing whoever was in the car was taking pictures of me!
I felt my face flush with shame as I heard a chuckle behind me. "Looks like you finally have an audience to perform for," Neil said behind me.
My heart jumped into my throat, not understanding his words, but recognizing the ominous tone to his voice.
I continued looking outside. The parked car still sat there as a few others slowed down. After a bit more time another car stopped, parking on the other side of the road closest to our house and I again felt my body flush with shame knowing they could clearly see me displayed in the large bay window.
A few more cars drove past, and I realized I recognized a couple cars passing by more than once, obviously turning around further up the road to drive back. Eventually a few more of them pulled off to the side, turning off their lights.
"Touch yourself," I suddenly heard behind me.
"What?" I said, taken by surprise, my attention back to Neil instead of the cars.
"Touch yourself slut, you like to show off, well, now's your chance," I heard Neil say behind me.
My thoughts began to rebel, but again like the blow job it was as if a switch had been thrown on my inhibitions. Uncertain was to what to do, I took one hand off the window, moving it to my hair, stroking it. My body shifted slightly to the side due to my arm being pulled back, and I felt my breasts tighten against the too-small cheerleader outfit.
"More," I heard behind me.
I lowered my hand, stroking my cheek, running my hand down my neck. I now understood what Neil wanted as I took a deep breath and ran my palm across the exposed flesh of my breasts, sliding my finger down the exaggerated cleavage.
Hearing a hiss behind me, I knew I was doing what Neil wanted, a thrill running through me at the knowledge of pleasing him. This was more for Neil than anything I rationalized, as I cupped my breast through the outfit, massaging it.
More flashes momentarily blinded me as I realized not one, but a couple cars were taking pictures, but did not care about them or any humiliation I would have experienced before as I posed before them. My only thought was on the man behind me and pleasing him to the end of my days.
"More," I heard behind me yet again.
Without hesitation, I slid my hand beneath the top, cupping my bare breast—the outfit had been too tight to wear a bra. As my fingers grazed my nipple, my head involuntarily leaned back, the position having additional effect thrusting my chest closer to the window. I closed my eyes, seeing more flashes through my eyelids as I massaged my tit.
"Both hands," I heard whispered behind me.
Straightening slightly for balance, I lowered my other hand. Pulling my other hand out from beneath the halter top, I cupped both breasts through the cloth, squeezing them and causing the flesh to protrude even further out from the material. I wasn't sure how much the drivers from outside could see me, but my pulse quickened, the thrill of being observed sparking my desire further.
After a few minutes, I heard shifting behind me, but kept my head forward as ordered. "More," I heard whispered closer.
Keeping one hand on my breast, I lowered my other hand, sliding it across my bare stomach. With one hand moved away, I again slid the other hand beneath the top, cupping my breast, the rasp of my fingers against my nipple again causing me to gasp.
More flashes appeared outside, and I noticed more cars parked, my pulse quickening. Another flash appeared, apart from the others and I looked down, realizing it came from the house across the street where Mr. Gibson lived!
I felt dread, it was one thing for strangers to see me displayed as I was, but somebody we knew? How the hell would I be able to show my face in front of him again, thinking of our homeowners meeting later this week.
I almost stopped, but as if reading my thoughts Neil's commanding voice came from behind me, "Don't you dare bitch, you move and I'm gone."
Although I wasn't sure if the threat was real, I stayed where I was. I saw another dim light appear in the house to the left of Mr. Gibson's where the Spears family lived. The light was from their 16-year-old son's room, and my heart stopped as I saw a silhouette of somebody through the window. Good God, I was not only on display before complete strangers, but now our 60-year-old neighbor and one of our neighbor's teenage sons!
As mortified as I was, I continued massaging my breast and stomach complying with Neil's command, again residing myself this was for Neil, and I would do anything to keep him.
I could see a dim glow from Ed Spear's room and recognized even from across the street the glow of a computer. I heard a chuckle behind me as Neil whispered, "Oh, this is perfect."
I saw out of the corner of my eye Neil getting our laptop as I continued to rub myself to the growing crowd, momentarily surprised when I heard Neil laugh. "Oh, you little slut, you have to see this," I heard Neil say as he moved over to the side of the window.
With my hand still inside my halter, cupping my breast and stomach, I looked over to where Neil was standing, holding the laptop. At first I did not understand what he was showing until I realized he was showing a video on the screen. I focused on the blurry image and saw the vague shape of a woman through a window, her body in a spotlight…
I completely froze as I realized what I was seeing. Several of the houses in the neighborhood had pitched in for a wireless hub all the houses could access. As Neil was an IT wiz, he hosted the connection, often joking about what one or the other neighbor was viewing, having purchased a relay where he could monitor what was going on. He was a computerized peeping Tom.
I now realized Eddy Spears from across the street was showing me displayed on his web cam!
"Neil, please," I said, "this has gone far enough," I implored.
Looking at the screen the video was zoomed in on our house, the bay window filling the screen. Although the image was grainy, you could definitely make out my body in the window, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers cheerleader outfit clearly identifiable. Thankfully my face was not clear due to the resolution, but there was no mistaking my tits bulged out of the top, nor my hands massaging my stomach and breast, now stilled as I glanced at the screen.
"Just think of all the cocks that will be jacking off to this," Neil muttered, setting the laptop down near the window, so both he and I could see it. "More slut, show your fans how turned on you are, get yourself ready for me," I heard Neil command.
My heart skipped as I realized what he wanted. God, I had to find that website, to see Tammy on display was a fucking dream come true!
Wait, what did I just think? Yeah, I needed to find the site to try to remove the video, but why was I thinking of myself in third person? Fuck, what was I doing?
Still, Neil's command overcame my thoughts as I slowly lowered my hand. I could see the image on the video clearly as I, the woman in the video, lowered her hand past her stomach, sliding over her skirt.
Again the odd thought popped into my head of needing to find this video if it existed.
Why wouldn't it exist, I thought, I'm looking right at it. Another thought came into my head just as quickly to see Tammy displayed like this.
I was confused thinking of myself in the third person as I heard Neil clear his throat behind me, reprimanding me for taking too long.
I could not focus on the computer next to me, so instead looked outside again at the night, the flood lights glaring at me. There were now at least a half a dozen cars parked outside, as well as lights on not only at Mr. Gibson's and the Spear's sons house, but to my mortification I looked at the house to the right, seeing a figure on the porch, realizing Marty Schuller was there watching me.
Knowing how I always was afraid to be near Marty, that, more than Mr. Gibson or the Spear's son seeing me caused my blood to run cold. "Neil, Marty's on his porch!" I said in exasperation.
"Good," I heard Neil say. "Maybe if you behave and do as you're told, I'll give you to him as a reward."
"What!" I exclaimed, almost turning around as Neil reminded me to face forward. "Neil, be serious, this has gone far enough! I know you're mad at me, and yes, I'm sorry, but you can't be serious about this. I can't do this in front of people we know!" I implored to him.
"You stated you would do ANYTHING I asked to prove your devotion to me, correct?" I heard the stern voice behind me.
"Yes," I whispered after a pause.
"Good, for a moment there I thought I'd have to pack my bags, although now that I think of it, if we split up, I'll be throwing your slut ass out to the curb, do you understand?" he said.
I had never heard Neil talk like this, nor in the tone of voice he used. I was completely at a loss, but I could not lose him, realizing I meant what I said—I would do anything to keep him.
God, if only Neil would lend me her body for one night, he would be a true friend.
The thought popped into my head out of nowhere, and again I wondered what the hell was happening to me. First the blowjob—totally unlike me; then comparing the only person I had ever been with two other men; then willing to do anything for him to make up for it. And these thoughts of me in the third person were weird as shit.
I was more than willing to do what Neil wanted, but for some reason, I didn't understand WHY I was doing it. Alright, I knew the why—to keep Neil—but as to why I was complying, it seemed to go beyond an apology, more of a compulsion, but for the life of me I didn't understand.
"Continue," I heard behind me, interrupting my thoughts.
Things were happening beyond my control, and although one part of me wanted to rebel, another part could do nothing but obey as I slowly continued to lower my hand, feeling my bare thigh between the slit of the skirt. Sliding my hand beneath, I moved my hand between my legs, spreading them for support.
My mind exploded as I gasped, my mouth opening wide as I threw my head back, the sudden shock of my middle finger stroking my well-soaked slit too much. Not paying attention, I had inserted the finger between my folds, sinking in and brushing my clit unexpectedly. I slowly began moving my hand, stroking my slit, feeling my arousal build.
Through my eyelids I again saw flashes, knowing more pictures were being taken, but the desire coursing through my body was taking over, and I did not care who was watching me as I continued to stroke myself.
"Hmm, something's not right," I heard near me, opening my eyes and seeing Neil looking at the laptop screen. "The comments on this site are saying it doesn't look like you're doing anything, why don't you raise your skirt and tuck it in your waistband," he grinned.
I could not believe what he was asking, but again, something in my mind repelled any resistance as I moved my hand away from my breast. Reaching down, my other hand still massaging my slit, I lifted the skirt, tucking it in the waistband.
In response, more flashes appeared outside.
"Perfect," I heard next to me.
I looked over to the laptop monitor, seeing my pelvis exposed, my hand moving back and forth between my legs
What was coming over me? One half of my brain was willing to do whatever Neil asked, at any price, another part, the more familiar one was questioning what the hell was happening, but the lust I was feeling was undeniable as I continued to stroke myself
I heard Neil moving behind me, noises coming from the bedroom and bathroom as I continued to blatantly display myself in the bay window. Glancing to the laptop I saw the number 15,937 next to the video. Looking closer, I realized it was the number of people currently viewing the video as I felt my heart skip a beat.
On one hand this was exciting. I had always had an exhibitionistic side, but it was solely reserved for Neil. I was doing this for him, he was doing this to punish me, and for some reason I could do nothing but obey.
I could feel Neil's presence behind me as I heard him command, "OK, lean forward, and put your right arm back on the window."
As I was stroking myself with my left hand, I did not bother to ask if I should stop as I continued, pulling out my hand from beneath the top and leaning forward to rest it against the window.
"Excellent, you look so fucking hot," I heard Neil say. I felt a thrill running through me. Now this I could understand, turning my man on. To hell with the people outside, this is what I was doing this for, my man, him and only him.
I saw movement lower, and realized Neil h had crawled to the side of the window, something in his hand.
"What are you doing?" I asked, the thoughts of me being fully exposed and fingering myself before strangers oddly remote as I focused on his actions.
"Just giving little Eddy a bit of hand," he said mischievously, placing something below me on the window banister.
As he moved away and started typing something on the laptop, I realized a web cam! "Neil, what are you doing?" I asked, wondering what the hell was going on.
After a few minutes, Neil appeared satisfied with what he was doing and turned the laptop towards me again. "There, that wasn't as hard as I thought it would be," he said.
Staring at the screen, my mind went blank from shock as I realized I was seeing two videos side-by-side now, one from outside and the other zoomed in on my finger stroking my slit! Shock cleared my mind as I comprehended Neil had somehow spliced into Eddy's video feed, giving a more up-close-and-personalized view!
My thoughts were a bizarre dichotomy as part of me was shocked my husband even knew how to do something like this, and the realization of being completely exposed to anybody on the internet.
I stared in morbid fascination as my finger slid across my slit, the spotlight glistening off my obviously wet finger and pussy. As I moved, I stared captivated at the screen as my wedding ring sparkled with each movement of my hand.
My reverie was broken as Neil's voice said beside me, "Here, take this with your right hand, I think you know what to do with it," he said.
Looking over I saw Neil holding my silver vibrator. Staring at him in shock, I was about to tell him no until I saw his face as he held it out. He again had a mixture of anger and excitement, and again I resigned myself to doing whatever he demanded to prove my love for him.
Reluctantly I took it, feeling the soft buzz going knowing he had already turned it on.
I looked at the monitor, the silver vibrator reflected by the floodlights with no mistake what was in my hand. I also noticed Neil had stayed out of the video, only myself being exposed.
"You're staying out of the web cam," I said out loud.
Hearing Neil's chuckle, I knew I was right as he explained. "You are the slut. Tonight you will prove you are the slut. If anybody sees this video or hears about it from others, they will only know it was you, not whether I was around or not. There will always be speculation whether you did this on your own or even with my knowledge. People will look at you as a slut, uncertain whether you are doing it with my approval or not. You want to talk about other men? Fine, now's the time to prove that reputation," he said.
I could not believe Neil would be so mean, almost arguing when another thought popped into my head, to see me/Tammy masturbate being too fucking exciting. I don't know where the idea came, but it reminded me what was in my hand.
From Neil's tone of voice I knew I could not hesitate any longer as I lowered the vibrator between my legs. As expected, more flashes came from outside. Looking at the screen, I saw even at the resolution of Eddy's video feed there was no mistaking what was in my hand. In the other image, I saw the vibrator appear between my legs. As I pressed it against my slit, the vibration caused me to tilt my head back, a groan escaping my mouth from the sheer pleasure.
"That's it, it turns you on to show your slut side, doesn't it bitch?" Neil hissed.
I no longer cared what people thought, wanting only to please him as I moaned a long "Yessss," the vibrator moving across my slit, the buzzing pulsations hitting my clit and pulsing into my core.
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a light flashing. Looking down across the street, saw Marty Schuller had turned on his porch light. I could see clear him standing in a robe, knowing he had an unobstructed view of me and my body, not grainy like those watching the video. He was letting me know he was watching me as I saw him raise his hand and move to his porch swing. Before sitting down, he parted his robe and I could clearly see his naked body exposed, an erection obvious. I suddenly realized how easily he could also see me as I watched in horror as he sat down and he began stroking himself.
"Oh my God," I said. When Neil asked what the matter was, I told him about Marty.
He chuckled. "Well, as I said, if you're good, maybe I'll give you to him so he can satisfy himself with more than his hand."
A part of me reasoned he was joking, another part uncertain. Another foreign thought entered my mind of having me offered to me, and I wondered what the hell that meant.
At this point I didn't know what was going on—this was not my Neil. Instead, this was somebody else, exacting out their vengeance in a totally uncharacteristic way; Neil had never been this mean, or this—dominant was the only word I could come up with.
"Continue with your show, slut," I heard behind me, breaking my thoughts.
I realized I had been standing there with the vibrator in my hand, totally unaware of it. My other arm was propped on the window, my body bent slightly forward.
I looked at the video monitor, seeing words flashing at the bottom. Distracted, I asked what the flashing was below the video. I felt more than saw Neil move towards the laptop, barely seeing him out of my eye as I heard him laugh.
"It's the comments section," he explained with amusement. "Apparently your fans want to see you do more with that vibrator than hold it against you. I think for the time being, you'll do as your fans direct, showing you are the willing slut," Neil said.
I moved the vibrator back to my slit, again an unconscious groan escaping my mouth as I slid it across my wet slit and clit.
Suddenly a loud screeching sound came behind me and I almost turned around, but knew better based upon Neil's odd behavior. Instead, I continuing to slide the vibrator against my slit until told to do otherwise.
"Step forward to the window," I heard behind me, and knew better than to question the order.
I heard more scraping and suddenly felt something cold pressed against my ass. Instinctively I glanced back, seeing Neil had moved my vanity table behind me. Fearing what he was going to ask, he confirmed my suspicions.
"Sit down, and rest your feet on the window sill," he commanded.
Again, a part of my mind overcame any protest as I obeyed, sitting on the vanity. I reluctantly spread my legs, raising my feet to the window sill as ordered. Glancing at the laptop, I could clearly see myself, feet spread, exposing my pussy, the posture slightly opening my lips, glistening in the spotlight.
The flurry of flashes was no longer unexpected as I propped myself up with my right arm. At this point, things had gone far enough, but as quickly as the thought came, another one came to comply and do anything for me and Neil to stay together.
"Continue," Neil's voice whispered.
Once again I begin sliding the vibrator across my slit. With my legs spread as they were, it was impossible not to hit my clit with each stroke, and unwittingly felt my body flush with arousal.
Glancing at the video, I could not believe the site of me, legs spread wide, the vibrator sparkling between my lips as it spread them apart. I also realized I was now displayed to 28,893 viewers.
Neil moved to the laptop and chuckled. "You have some requests, your fans want to see you fuck yourself with the vibrator," Neil said with odd amusement.
Again I felt myself rebel while another part demanded I do what Neil asked.
It turned out the foreign voice in my head was the stronger, as I repositioned the dildo in my hand, slowly inserting it into my pussy. I gasped at the sensations of the vibrations pulsating the walls of my vagina as well as the intrusion into it, leaning my head further back as I slowly began moving the dildo into me.
Out of my periphery I saw more flashes knowing my outside fans were appreciative, and looking at Marty on his porch, I saw him give me a thumb's up.
Neil started to direct me what to do, reading the comments below the video and as if my body was taken over by somebody else I could do nothing but comply. I slowly slid the vibrator out, then back in, my hips thrusting uncontrollably as I fucked myself with the vibrator. As directed, I sometimes moved faster, sometimes slower, sliding it in and out of my pussy as I fucked myself in front of—now 32,389 viewers.
When the next command came, I barely hesitated, pulling out the vibrator and raising it to my mouth. As I sucked it to the direction of strangers, I could taste the sweet and salty tang of my own juices, completely covering the vibrator.
Then, again not at the direction of Neil, but those whose direction he was relaying, I moved the vibrator back to my pussy.
"Faster," I heard to the side.
I was sliding the vibrator in and out at a leisurely pace, but as commanded, sped up, my wrist pumping as the silver vibrator flashed in and out of my pussy at a speed the web cam could not even keep up with. The feeling was incredible as I tilted my head back, feeling my arousal building.
"So have you ever thought of fucking any of my friends," Neil suddenly said beside me away from the window.
The comment was so unexpected I stopped what I was doing, "What?" I exclaimed, the vibrator sticking halfway in my pussy forgotten. As Neil repeated himself, he told me if I lied and he found out, it was over between us.
What else could I do, I was devoted to Neil, but even as loyal and committed to him as I was it was hard not to have thought about any of the guys we knew. "Yes," I told him, almost absently resuming my wrist movements, slowly moving the vibrator back and forth.
Neil asked who and I told him over the six years we've been together, I probably had had a stray thought about all of them at one time or another. "Any stand out in particular," he asked.
"Are you doing this to find a reason to leave me," I asked, wondering where this was going.
"No, I'm trying to see how honest you really are," he said. "No matter who you say, I'm not going to leave you on that account, but I want to know who you fantasize about," he explained.
I felt I was being entrapped, but answered truthfully. "There's only one of your friends I would ever consider doing anything with, no matter what I think about anybody else," I told him. Seeing his hand wave for me to continue, I glanced over at him and looked him in the eyes, "Tom," I confessed.
My heart skipped oddly in excitement—which was odd as I was the one who said it. Neil smiled as I felt a "Yes" in my mind. I must be some multitasker I thought, masturbating and having a serious discussion with my husband while he humiliated me, interpreting the "Yes" in my mind at my arousal.
Neil directed me to stand up again, so I repositioned myself as he slid the vanity away. Taking the vibrator away from me, he told me to lean forward and continue fingering myself, he would be right back.
Once more I felt more than saw him leave the room as I complied, assuming the familiar position leaning forward, propped up on one arm while the other stroked my now soaking slit. On the web cam I could see I was so wet my entire crotch was glistening, reflecting the light as my hips involuntarily rocked back and forth as I looked out into the night again.
Seeing movement outside and to the right, I saw somebody moving around the side of our house, recognizing Neil's figure. He was taking his time, staying out of the light, and I knew with me being the center of attention he went unnoticed.
I wondered what he was doing as I saw him cross the street, horror building through me as he headed towards Marty Schuller's house. Seeing him, Marty quickly pulled his robe closed, rising to meet Neil. I watched as Neil pointed to the window, then in growing horror saw both him and Marty leave the porch, heading along the same path Neil took before back to the house, except this time he had company.
"He wouldn't," I thought, remembering his threat of giving me to Marty or any of his other friends. I heard the door close downstairs and my heart thumped loudly in fear as I heard not one, but two sets of feet coming up the stairs.
My worst fears were confirmed when I heard Marty's voice, "Hi Tammy, good to see you, and I mean REALLY see you."
I closed my eyes in shame, completely stopping what I was doing until Neil told me to continue stroking myself.
"Neil, please," I begged, only to be interrupted by him.
"See Marty, she's begging for it," he said. "Here's the thing Marty, Tammy has fucked up, and although she said she would do anything to win me back, I need to test the theory. As such, I think the best way to prove she is totally devoted to me it is to let somebody else have her. This way it will be at my command, not her own whim. She said she loves me, even claiming she won't enjoy somebody else having her, but I believe being the slut she is, I am going to prove otherwise," he said.
My mind went blank. Was Neil serious? Was he really going to allow Marty to fuck Tammy while being filmed on the internet? They had such a wonderful relationship, was he really going to allow this? I was mortified at what I heard from Neil, not bothering to correct my thoughts at referring to myself in the third person as I heard Marty agree with Neil's twisted logic.
"Neil, don't do this, please," I begged.
"Quiet slut, you stated you would do anything, now is your chance. If I want you to become the slut you are and fuck one, or all of my friends, you'll do it, is that understood?" Neil's voice reflected the anger he had demonstrated earlier that night.
I could not believe this was happening. All because I said two names of people I never heard of giving the impression had had blown them. I had never wanted another man, content and happy with Neil, and now, in the blink of an eye he was degrading me, giving me away to be used like a piece of property.
My mind was blank as the circumstances cascaded through my brain: on display before the public, being offered to one of Neil's friends as a common whore, and yet something in my mind kept following his commands, adamantly willing to do whatever he asked to keep him.
I closed my eyes, my finger moving against my slit, though I was numb at this point. I repeated what I told him earlier. "You are everything to me. I'll do anything to prove it," I whispered, tears forming behind my closed eyelids.
I heard movement behind me and by the muffled voices knew Neil and Marty had moved into the bathroom to talk. I could not believe Neil, my loving husband of so many years was doing this as punishment. Then I realized it was not the punishment of being used by somebody else, but the thought of it. Maybe this was purely a scare tactic, Neil wanting me to believe he would give me to somebody else, but then calling the whole thing off.
The thought was a dim hope in my mind. Sure Neil would degrade me; I deserved it based on my actions early, regardless of how much I did not intend them. But he would never give me to somebody else.
Yet a small doubt lingered in my mind.
I heard movement behind me, then Neil's voice. "Hmm, 29,375 viewers, we're losing your audience, so time to spice things up," he chuckled. "Lean forward with both hands on the window," he commanded.
I tilted forward, both hands splayed against the glass as my ass projected backwards from the position, not through any intention of mine.
I heard movement behind me, my heart dropping to my stomach as I heard Neil say, "Here, put this ski mask on, I don't want anybody to recognize anybody but her. People who see her will wonder if it's me, some will wonder if it is another man. Some will wonder if I was allowing it, yet others will wonder if she were doing it behind my back," he explained. "All anybody will really know is she is a slut, being used by a stranger," he chuckled.
As fear coursed through my body I again implored, "Neil, please, don't do this," I cried, tears running down my eyes.
"Remember, if you truly love me, being with another man should not be a turn on. You have told me yourself a true wife would never find enjoyment with anybody but her husband, only a slut would do that. I am going to prove you wrong. If you respond, I'll know you truly are a slut to do anything I ask," I heard Neil say behind me.
"Neil, please," I implored.
No answer was forthcoming as I sensed somebody move behind me. My mind clenched in sudden fear as a pair of hands rested on my bare waist, gently stroking my skin before sliding down to squeeze my ass cheeks. I could not help but enjoy the sensation as they then slid up across my body, clutching my waist.
My heart was in my throat. Glancing at the image on the laptop, I saw a masked figure behind me, wondering whether this was Neil, or whether he was really letting Marty touch me? The uncertainty was my undoing, my mind completely in turmoil.
The hands slid forward, sliding across my stomach, moving towards the front of my pelvis as I closed my eyes. If this were Neil, it would be nice to have him finally touching me, but the alternative was something I could not fathom happening.
The unknown hands slid up to slowly stroke my stomach as I felt a body press against me behind. The unmistakable feel of a hard cock resting against the crack of my ass caused me to groan, not in pleasure, but fear as I tried to figure out who this was.
The hands moved down, gripping the front of my thighs as they pulled out, causing me to spread my stance further, the body behind me pressing tighter against me.
"No, please," I whispered, begged, pleaded.
More flashes appeared outside and I glanced at the laptop, 33,343, the numbers slowly rising. In horror, I saw on the video the figure behind me, wearing one of Neil's black ski masks. Was it Neil? Surely he would not be so enraged as to let somebody else do what only he had ever had access to!
One of the hands moved up to my stomach, gently stroking it.
Was this Neil I thought?
The other hand rubbed the front of my thigh, stroking back and forth as fingers slid against the inside of my thigh, their thumb stroking the line between my pelvis and leg.
"Neil, is that you?" I whispered, getting no response in return.
Uncontrollably the arousal I felt before started returning, my mind in shock. How could I respond to what could very well be a stranger touching me? And yet the signals from my body were unmistakable as I felt my nipples hardening, a tingle between my legs as my core responded, goose bumps covering my body.
The hand on my stomach applied pressure, pulling my ass further back as I felt the hard cock behind me press further against the crack of my bare ass. Before I could do anything the other hand dropped down, the forefinger of the hand entering my slit easily due to how wet I was.
I groaned in response, my body totally uncontrollable as my hips ground down on the hand. My mind was in stasis, not responding to any reason. A stray thought entered my mind at Tammy/me being abused like this, but I no longer had it in me to resist. Instead, I just stood there, letting what happened happen. Without any stream of conscious to control it, my body took over for me.
The finger—whomever's it was—continued stroking me, sliding across my clit as I felt my hips rock against my will, causing the erect flesh between my ass to slide up and down.
The hand on my stomach started sliding up, rising above my navel and I groaned in anticipation as the hand grasped my breast through the Buccaneers halter top. The feeling was indescribable as the finger between my legs entered me, my voice echoing through the bedroom as I cried out with a gasp, the hand finger fucking me vigorously.
I glanced at the laptop seeing my body being felt up by a man behind me, his face hidden by the ski mask. In shock I realized the picture was no longer grainy, but crisp, clearly showing me. In horror the video zoomed up to my turned face, capturing the look of lust on it! The picture was so clear, there was no way nobody could not recognize me as I looked forward.
Realizing I was looking straight into the camera, I saw Eddy Spear's window open, clearly making out Eddy as he leaned out his window, a camcorder in his hand. I vaguely comprehended he had gotten rid of the crappy resolution web cam and was now recording and streaming my abuse in high definition!
I saw the video on the screen shift out of the corner of my eye and turned, seeing the other web cam zoomed on my crotch. I realized another person in the room, also masked, wondering if it were Neil or Marty. Either Marty was adjusting the camera while Neil, my husband, felt me up in front of him, or more frightening my husband was allowing a friend of his to feel me up. Meanwhile, the hand between my legs moved back and forth furiously.
Looking at the laptop videos, I stared in fascination, never having seen me from this angle as I felt my body tightening, my breath speeding up.
Suddenly the hand stopped, abruptly pulling out and I saw my pussy clear as crystal, the skin on the inside of my thighs glistening with wetness as my pussy lips protruded slightly.
I had been close to cumming before the hand stopped. I began to formulate the suspicion it was really Neil behind me—only he could read my body's responses so well to know when to stop me on the verge of an orgasm. I wasn't sure where Marty was at this point, but I relaxed, the thought of Neil doing this to me more calming, even though publicly on display.
I felt wetness against my lips, automatically opening my mouth as a finger was inserted between my lips, the taste confirming it to be the same one inside me a moment ago. My arousal was too much and I eagerly sucked, cleaning my juices as I mimicked sucking a cock.
Meanwhile the other hand was still massaging my breasts through the halter, my moans escaping my mouth as the fingers occasionally clamped upon a nipple through the halter.
The hand in my mouth pulled the finger out, and I felt it move down my neck to the front of my cleavage. I felt the other hand move, and before I knew it, the hands grasped both sides of the inside of my halter and pulled back, freeing my breasts and ripping the halter down the middle. As it dangled from the strap around my neck, both hands began massaging my bare tits as I moaned in pleasure.
"Oh God yes!" I heard myself rasp. I barely noticed the flurry of flashes, now used to them as I glanced over to the camera, seeing my upper torso being kneaded by male hands, the flesh undulating back and forth.
Neil—as it could not be anybody else I decided—also recognized the view of the camera as the hands moved to the sides of my breasts, exposing my nipples to the camera. The hands squeezed my breasts together, kneading them slowly to the obvious delight of the viewers of the streaming video as I noticed the count now at 52,342!
My eyes were closed as the hands kneaded my breasts and I heard a whisper behind me, "You want to be fucked in front of these people?"
I smiled recognizing Neil's voice as I immediately responded, "Yes!"
The hands on my breasts moved and I felt the halter top being raised. I instinctively lowered my head as Neil took it off my neck, hearing it drop to the floor. I was now completely naked from the waist up as I saw the familiar flurry of flashes out the window.
The hands moved down, stopping briefly to squeeze my breasts, my loud moan of pleasure freely given as Neil's hands clamped upon my nipples. Then they slid down. If felt the hands grasp the skirt, and before I could even brace myself, it was ripped away from me.
I was now completely nude, in nothing but a pair of high-heeled black knee-high boots as my state of undress was appreciated based upon the amount of flashes coming from outside. I eagerly anticipated what was next as I felt the hands grasp my hips, the cock against my ass sliding lower. Without any request, I lowered my hands slightly on the window, bending forward a bit more to give easier access.
The hands suddenly moved away, the body stepping back as I heard an odd sound like "splurgch, splurgch." At the same time I recognized the faint odor of the Astroglide lubricant we used; realizing Neil was applying it on himself.
"Honey, I'm so wet I doubt you'll need that," I gasped.
There was no response, but I soon felt the hands grasp my hips as I moaned in anticipation. Suddenly my head exploded in a starburst of light as my pussy was filled with cock, Neil entering me in one stroke. I knew it was Neil at this point, as only he knew my body so well.
I grunted as the hands pulled my hips back, further impaling my on Neil's cock. "Oh God," I groaned, "Fuck me, fuck me hard!" I cried.
Neil eagerly responded as his cock started slamming into me from behind, my body rocking back and forth with the hard thrusts. I felt my tits bouncing up and down as my arms braced myself against the window, hoping I didn't beak the damn thing as Neil slammed me harder than ever before.
The feeling of his cock inside me was incredible, hitting places completely unfamiliar, which was obvious as this was a position we had not done since college.
The cock smashed into me relentlessly, the walls of my vagina seeming to spread further than normal as the hands on my hips grasped me for support as Neil fucked me.
I leaned my head forward, letting my hair fall forward as my body rocked to the incredible fucking it was receiving. This was the most vigorous Neil had ever been, and the feeling of my body being used was incredible.
I started moaning, "Oh God yes Neil. God I love being fucked like this! God, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!" I shouted.
I looked over to the camera, seeing the incredible image of my body being abused from behind as Neil fucked me, my tits swaying, the camera capturing everything. I continued to watch as the camera zoomed in on my swaying tits, the implants and flesh vibrating as they swayed frantically back and forth.
I could only grunt as the cock kept slamming into me over and over. Neil was showing incredible stamina, as he typically could not go this fast for so long, but I was praying it would last forever as I watched the close-up of my tits bouncing back and forth.
I did not even notice the hands leaving my hips until I saw and felt them grab my tits, screaming in lust. "Oh yes Neil, I need to be fucked!" I cried out.
The hands on my breasts caused my body to step forward, Neil moving with me as I was pressed against the window, his hands massaging my breasts as he thrusted into me. I felt the cold glass occasionally graze across my flesh and moaned.
In this position, I could only feel part of his cock entering me, so instinctively raised my leg up, resting my foot on the window sill, giving him full access to my pussy.
On the laptop screen I saw myself, leg propped up, my naked body bouncing up and down as I rode Neil's cock. I felt an orgasm building up within me, the vigorous fucking taking its toll as I shouted, "Yes, only a few more, I'm about to cum!" I yelled.
The cock continued slamming into me. Trying to get into a better position, I rested my arm against my knee, slightly turning my body towards the laptop. I watched excitedly, the orgasm building up in my body as the camera zoomed into my more visible pussy.
I saw the cock sliding in and out of me, something I had not observed before and the erotic image started to speed up the orgasm. "Oh God, yes Neil, fuck me!" I cried, "I need this, I need to feel that cock cum inside me!" I shouted.
I watched the screen, transfixed as the orgasm built up further and further. I could tell by the stroking of Neil behind me he was close too. I was transfixed at the image of the cock sliding in and out of my pussy so fast, the orgasm building up.
Right on the verge of cumming, I noticed a flash of silver on the image as Neil entered me each time. The orgasm was close, but I was too engrossed by the image on the screen, my curiosity piqued. What was that flash each time he entered me, I wondered in the back of my mind.
Seconds before the orgasm overcame me, the other person—Marty obviously—moved the webcam to zoom in on my pussy. I stared transfixed, watching the shaft of flesh moving in and out of my pussy faster than ever. I saw the way my pussy lips pulled back as he did, only to move inside as he plunged his hard cock back into me.
Then I saw it, the flash of silver. The orgasm was close as I looked at the camera, oddly confused by the reflected light. I could not control my body, knowing I was unbelievably close when my mind understood what I was seeing, a scrotal piercing—and Neil did not have one!
"Oh fuck!" I cried as the orgasm—one of the largest I had ever had—overcame me, the horror of the realization of actually being fucked by Marty seeming to fuel it as another orgasm overcame me, stronger than the first.
"That's my girl," I heard beside me. As the waves and multiple orgasms flooded through me, I saw Neil standing to the side, still in a ski mask but his mouth smiling, the knowledge flooding my mind the cock in my cunt was not my husband's, yet the orgasms kept hitting me and I was unable to do more than ride them out.
Suddenly I heard Marty's voice behind me, confirming whatever doubt there may have been, "Oh fuck Tammy, I'm cumming!"
As another wave of orgasms hit me, I felt the inside of my core heat up, the warm fluid of Marty's ejaculate spurting inside me. I could do nothing but look at the monitor, seeing the cock buried all the way to his balls, the piercing clearly visible as I watched his scrotal sac twitch, the knowledge of a strange man's seed entering me causing another wave of orgasms through my body.
Eventually the last wave of climaxes rolled through me, my pussy involuntarily clenching around Marty's cock as he remained inside of me. I was too shocked to move, a thousand thoughts coursing through my head.
My husband had allowed another man to fuck me! The concept was so foreign I could barely conceive it had happened.
I stared at the video before me as I abstractedly felt Marty slowly pulling back, the image on the screen catching my attention as his glistening shaft slid out of me, my pussy lips everted as if they were reluctant to let him go. As his cock pulled free, I watched in fascination as a stream of cum slowly emptied from me, running down the inside of my thigh.
In both a state of post-coital—well, bliss I would have to say—as well as shock, I was frozen in the position I was in, my leg propped up on the sill with the camera continuously focused on my pussy as cum slowly dripped out of me.
Finally I became aware of my surroundings, and as I was about to lower my leg, Neil's voice came to me, "Stay where you are."
I obeyed, mostly due to shock as I pleaded to him, "Why? Why do this to me?"
"You thought it would be funny to compare me to other men, so you're getting a sampling of them. You wanted to pretend to be slut? Well, now you are. From now on, you will do as I say, with whomever I say…and if you ever deny me, your ass will be out on the curb so fast, your head will spin, is that understood?" he asked.
My mind was in complete shock, but I realized I could never let him go as I whispered agreement.
I heard scraping across the floor, now recognizing the vanity table being moved, sliding underneath my raised leg. Wondering what was happening, I heard Neil order me to turn and face the vanity.
Turning to the side, I did as told, seeing him in front of me still in his mask. I knew it was Neil from his body build; however, the red ski mask completely left his identity unknown as I comprehended what was about to happen.
"Bend over on the table," he ordered and I did as told, sensing Neil move around me. Bending over the slim table, my head hung over the edge, I prepared for what was about to…
Suddenly my core was filled as Neil slammed into me from behind.
"Ungh!" I grunted, my torso sliding across the table from the force of his thrust. Neil proceeded to pound into me. I saw the video to the side. Eddy's camera was picking up the entire thing as the spotlights showed me perfectly bent over the table in the window, my body slammed from behind by Neil's masked body. The other web cam was positioned at an angle, showing a closer view of me bent over the table, my tits firmly pressed against it, as I was fucked vigorously from behind.Neil steadily pounded into me and I could not control the grunts escaping my mouth as my pelvis and stomach were slammed repeatedly against the table as he literally assaulted my pussy. The bedroom echoed with the unmistakable "slap, slap, slap" as Neil pounded against my ass, his cock entering me fully with each thrust.
"Your pretty wet after another man's fucked you," I heard Neil say to my shame, as all I could do was continue to grunt as he banged into me.
I gripped the edges of the table for support, my head hanging forward as I took the abuse to my pussy, my body being slammed forward repeatedly, my grunts clearly heard in the room.
"Marty, she's a bit noisy, and there's another comparison she's going to need, could you find something to quiet her down with," I heard Neil say behind me.
I looked up in horror, suddenly realizing Marty was still in the room, still wearing the black ski mask, naked, his cock still hard. And I saw the unmistakable gleam of his scrotal piercing visible as he stepped towards my head on the other side of the table.
Mortified, I pleaded with Neil, "Neil..ungh…please…ungh…don't…ungh…do…ungh…this…ungh!"
Nothing else was said as I watched in horror as Marty stepped in front of me, "Open your mouth, slut," I heard him say.
As his cock moved towards my face I tried to shake my head, but as his cock came towards my mouth and I opened it on instinct, his hard flesh entering my mouth. I was still grunting as Marty held my head, his cock sliding back and forth across my lips.
Without any prompting I began sucking. Marty moved his hips in time to Neil's thrusts, going forward when Neil entered me and pulling out when Neil did. The feeling was incredible, as ashamed as I was to admit it.
I could taste myself around Marty's cock, as well as a salty, bitter mustardy taste. Having had Neil cum in my mouth so recently, I knew it was Marty's cum mixed with my own secretions. It was definitely different from Neil's I thought abstractedly, wondering how I could analyze another man's cum while my body was abused by both my husband and his friend.
Neil continued to slam into me, and while I was partially concentrating on Marty's cock fucking my head, I could not believe my husband's stamina. As if reading my mind, I heard him grunt, "Just so you know, I jacked off twice while watching Marty fuck you, God Tammy, you are so fucking hot," he groaned.
Oddly enough, that small bit of praise sent a rush of warmth through me. I responded with a loud "Mmmm" around Marty's cock as it slid into me, my tongue gliding across the firm vein underneath his shaft.
"I do love you honey," Neil continued as he fucked me, another warmth of emotion overcoming me. "I almost left you know," he said as he pulled back, slamming into me once more to my verbal groan. "Things are going to change," he went on, pulling back, and then slamming back into me. "From now on your ass is mine, when and where I want it, understood?" he said, pulling back.
I could only groan in response, my mouth filled with Marty's hard cock, which I found incredibly erotic. Although I was being used and abused like a slut picked up at a cheap bar, the knowledge my husband still loving me was enough to carry me through, as odd as the experience occurring to me was.
"Oh God, I can't keep this pace up!" I heard above me as suddenly Marty's hands entwined my hair tightly, hips jerking forward as his cock slammed into the back of my mouth. As I partially gagged, I felt the vein against my tongue throb as hot fluid began filling my mouth. Again, as if my subconscious was out of my body I observed the taste of him was a mixture of bitter salt and mustard, very different from Neil's, although not unpleasant as I began instinctively swallowing.
As with my first blowjob ever with Neil, I could not hold it all as I felt come escape out my lips around Marty's cock, feeling the warm fluid sliding down my chin.
As if on cue, Neil began slamming into me relentlessly and I knew he was close, when suddenly he entered me one final time, his hands clamping on my hips as I felt the familiar heat fill my core as he came inside me.
I imagined the sight on the video screen, impaled by two cocks as Marty was the first to slide back out of my mouth, his dick bobbing in front of me. "Clean me off," he said, and I reached forward grasping his deflating shaft as I did exactly what he asked, sucking him into my mouth, slowly cleaning off as much of his seed as I could.
He stepped back and I felt Neil pull out of me, sensing him moving around the table. He stepped in front of me, "My turn my slutty wife," he said placing his dick in front of me as I proceeded to clean him off as well. The mixture of my juices and his cum was heaven, unquestionably more palatable than Marty's cum I thought—or even Brad or Tim's.
The thought was so unexpected I nearly bit on Neil's member. Where the fuck did that come from? Who were these mysterious Brad and Tim guys I thought.
Completely stunned, I somehow cleaned up Neil, who pulled me up. He had me bow in front of the window to the response of several horns honking before he closed the drapes. I vaguely recalled Neil thanking Marty and asking him to turn off the flood lights as he left, and a few minutes later saw the glare against the bedroom curtains turn off.
I looked at the video, now showing our darkened closed drapes. Morbid curiosity had me move towards the screen, seeing the title at the top of the screen for the first time, "My hot next door neighbor!" Glancing at the corner, I saw the final number of viewers, 102,349.
Neil gave me a big hug and we both fell into bed, not even bothering to wash off the sweat and sex from us. He did help me off with my boots as we cuddled.
The familiar feeling of Neil and I spooning was such a relief, I could do nothing else but whisper, "I'm sorry."
Neil didn't reply for a long time. "You know, I was ready to leave. I don't know why the comment hit me the way it did. I know you haven't been with another man, but the idea of you taunting it in front of me…I had to put you in your place. I'm serious you know, things are going to change, whether you like them or not, and I am still mad enough I meant what I said," he finally finished.
I could do nothing more than mutter another apology as Neil held me, both of us quiet for a long moment. Finally, I had to ask, "So what made you come back?"
"Oddly enough, it was Tom. He convinced me you loved me, and if it were not for him, I would have been gone, but something about how he talked about us made me realize we are made for each other. But I have wanted something more for some time now, and tonight, I realized what it was. No more dry spells, no more of you being too tired. I expect you to follow everything I ask, is that understood?" he asked.
I echoed the words I meant then as now, "I told you I'd do anything to keep you, and I meant it."
We lay together a bit longer in the dark, the post-coital feeling hitting both of us. "You know, we both owe Tom a big thank you," he said.
"Mmmhmm," I said, sleep starting to overtake me.
"I think the perfect gift, since you said yourself you fantasized him, would be letting him have you for a full evening."
"What the fuck!" I said, sitting up in my bed, my heart pounding.
Jesus fucking Christ, was that a fantasy from having talked with Tammy and Neil, or was it another one of these fucking "dream manifestations?"
There was no way Neil would have treated Tammy that way, it had to have been my perverse imagination. That's what I get for mixing liquor and beer I groaned, still feeling the effects of my vodka.
Looking at the clock I saw it was close to 5:30 am. My sheets were soaked, realizing I had cum again in my sleep—these fucking wet dreams were pissing me off. Hell, if it were not for the smell, I would have thought I pissed the bed, not only was my top sheet soaked with a large wet spot, but the mattress cover was as well. I was going to have to start wearing a diaper to bed if this shit continued.
The vividness of the dream came back to me. There was no way in hell Neil would have allowed that to happen to Tammy. I knew Neil had a dominant streak, having dated several girls before Tammy who were into the whole BDSM scene, but once he had started dating Tammy, that had stopped. Was that repressed knowledge the influence of my dream?
There was no fucking way that could have happened for real! The idea of Neil allowing anybody, particularly Marty who Tammy did not like, fuck her was unthinkable.
Turning on my nightlight, I grabbed my dream diary. True or not, I needed to write this down. It would at least be the first untrue dream I had had in a while, I thought.
It took me over an hour to describe all the events, and by the time I was done, I was totally convinced it was my over active imagination. Almost ready to rip the 8 pages in my diary I wrote it down on, I said to myself "Fuck it; there's one way to prove it wrong!"
Logging into my computer, I hit the internet. This was stupid, I thought to myself. Did I really need to verify if my two closest friends had done that? That my previous roommate, who I knew loved and adored his wife, would have displayed her like a whore, allowing another man to fuck her?
Hell no, I thought, but I had to ease my conscious. As I opened my browser, I typed in my search:
"My hot next door neighbor" video
The first couple hits were streaming video sites, but all were obvious enacted porn movies. I then tried the same search with the numbers 102,349, somehow remembering the number from my dream.
At the top of the search was the entry:

The site advertised free live steaming video, but the link to this video was a cached copy, stating the live show was ended and to view it required a charge.
I have never paid for a porn site in my life—why would I with it being so abundant for free? But the increasing dread in my chest had me typing my credit card information without pause. Replying to the activation e-mail, I logged into the site, typing my search again, finding the same entry.
As the video started, I saw the unmistakable figure of a well-figured woman wearing a Tampa Bay Buccaneers cheerleader outfit, one hand sliding across her stomach, the other massaging her breast through the uniform...