I woke up next to Sue, who'd crashed out after our adventures the night before. We got up, and cleaned up a bit. I said I wanted to go for my bicycle ride, and Sue said she'd go home and go for a run.
"You could do that here," I said, "in the park."
"I don't have my running gear," she said.
"You could wear your outfit from last night."
"I don't think so," she said.
"Why not?"
"Look, I like you pushing my boundaries, and it's been turning me the fuck on, but this is broad daylight and there could be kids around."
"Stay around the edge, and you can step into the bushes if somebody's coming," I said.
"Wait, _I_ can step into the bushes?"
"Yes, I'm going to be on my bicycle, so I'll see you on the way out and the way back," I said.
"I'm not sure," she said.
"Let's try it, and see how you do," I said.
"OK, I'll take a shower," she said.
"Um, you're going to be getting sweaty, so why bother?"
"I reek of sex," she said.
"You're avoiding people, right?"
I got dressed in my cycling gear, and she put on her boy shorts, bra, socks and sneakers.
I pointed at her pubic hair, just about visible through her shorts. "You might want to do something about that if we're going to keep this up."
"Can I use your razor?" she asked.
"Not this time," I said.
She walked down the stairs, and I carried my mountain bike down. I rode along slowly next to her as she jogged towards the park. Her pubic hair wasn't too noticeable now she was running, but her bra wasn't very supportive, so her tits were moving around a lot.
"I'll ride to the river, you just keep running around the edge of the park until I catch up to you," I said, and headed off.
I rode off to the river, so about 4 miles, then turned around and came back. I found Sue still jogging in the park, which was great seeing as it had been about 45 minutes. There were a couple of guys following her, and men sitting on benches watching her as she ran past. It was warm, and she'd been sweating, meaning her outfit was damp in places and pretty much see-through. She also looked a bit flustered. I rode up next to her.
"How's it going?" I asked.
"These guys have been following me the whole time," she said.
"Well," I said, "you are good to watch. Ready to head home?"
"Oh yes," she said, slowing to a walk.
I stopped next to her, and pointed out an unoccupied bench over by some bushes. "How about we go over there and let these guys go past?"
We went over to the bench and I put my bicycle down on the ground behind it. I sat down, and she was about to when I suggested some stretching might do her good. She smiled at me, watching the guys jogging towards us. She put her arms above her head, stretching up, then swung from side to side a couple of times before squatting down in front of me with her knees wide apart. The wet fabric was hiding very little, but I was the only one who could see. As the guys got to us, she stood up, then bent at the waist, putting her hands on my thighs and leant forward to mouth my dick through my shorts.
As soon as the runners had passed us, she said "OK, we have about 10 minutes until they get back over here," and headed behind the bushes. I followed, and she knelt down and starting pulling my shorts down.
"I've been thinking about this the whole time I've been running," she said, then starting sucking my dick.
I pulled her up, and we took her bra off, and I went to pull her shorts down.
"I'm still a bit tender from last night," she said, kneeling down again. Her mouth went to my dick again, and she sucked away. Just before I came, I pulled out and she jacked me off until I came over her tits. There was a clapping from behind me, and I turned around to see the two guys who'd been following her, applauding us. She grabbed her top and put it on quickly, flushing. She stood up behind me.
"Will you suck my dick too?" said one of the guys, leering and getting his dick out.
"No," she said.
"Go on," he said, "You've been teasing us for an hour."
I said "the lady said no," and took her by the hand.
We walked back out to my bicycle, and I picked it up. We headed back to my place, checking from time to time to make sure we weren't being followed. I carried my bike upstairs and put it away, and Sue came in and grabbed her jeans and T-shirt, kissed me on the cheek and left.
I watched her out of the window, walking to her car wearing just her underwear, her bra stuck to her chest by my drying cum and carrying her clothes.