Chapter 3
Note: Chapter 3 I thought I'd try intro some new characters in an attempt to get to where I want the story to end up. Enjoy. Hopefully.
Carmen sat alone on her bed as the federal warnings to the porn she had seen yesterday flashed on the screen. For the first time in a while Cindy and Kate both had things to do that day so she was left alone and her mind had drifted to the porn she had watched and she had quickly taken her copy and put it into the dvd player. She had stripped out of her clothes and could already feel moisture building between her legs. The beautiful brunette appeared in the sauna again and Carmen settled in to watch it, lazily rubbing her clit.
Soon the girl was again having a cock slowly slid into her ass and Carmen began to rub her clit harder and slid first one finger then another into her pussy which was already sopping wet. Her thoughts drifted to the day before and her friends masturbating beside her when she remembered Cindy saying when she was feeling kinky she liked to finger her ass. The thought sent a jolt straight through her and she almost guiltily looked around as she slowly slid a wet finger from her pussy and moved it down until it touched her bum. It felt strange but not ugly and she slowly massaged it around enjoying the feeling then slowly pushing it up against her ass. She felt it give way and her finger slowly began to slide up into her. She was lying on her side watching the girl get fucked by a massive cock and couldn't believe she could fit all that into her ass. Carmen was sure her tight little rear would have a lot of difficulty fitting something that big in. Suddenly it felt like it wasn't enough as her finger slid smoothly into and out of her ass and with a little shock she saw a candle on her bed side table that might work. It wasn't huge but it was substantially fatter and longer than her finger.
The hot little brunette lay on her back and slowly began to slide the candle into her pussy getting it nice and wet and loving the feeling of it as it slowly moved into her. She saw the scene change and the four hot teen girls came on screen and clothes were quickly lost. As she watched the hot red head that she had enjoyed the most she knew she was ready and slid the candle out of her pussy and rolled onto her side again. She put the candle at the entrance to her ass and slowly started to push. The feeling was unlike anything she had felt, a strange feeling of fullness but it just increased her horniness and she could actually feel her pussy juice sliding down her leg as the candle made its way up her bum. Soon it was well inside her as her ass stretched to take it in. She slowly began sliding it out again very slowly loving the feeling.
As she watched the red head tongue the brunettes perfect little ass hole she picked up the pace and began to rhythmically fuck her rear end. She was loving it, the way the candle split her apart and her other hand that was rubbing her little clit that was wet with the juice that was spilling from her pussy. She was so close to what she knew would be a huge orgasm when a gasp made her freeze. She looked up and saw her older sister's eye's travelling from her face to the candle that was being pushed into her ass and finally to the screen where the four girls were now in a daisy chain.
"Oh shit, sorry Car." She said as blood rushed to her face and she quickly disappeared through the open door.
Carmen couldn't believe what had happened and tears started to run down her cheeks and the embarrassment she felt overwhelmed her.
Carmen lay on her bed having switched off the tv and gotten dressed. She was so embarrassed at what had happened and she couldn't even imagine what her sister must be thinking about her now. The tears had turned to quiet sobs as she buried her head in her pillow and balled her eyes out.
"Car what's the matter?" Maria said as she came into the room. She had heard the tv go off and figured she should go up and make sure her sister was ok. It was a shock to catch her in such a very compromising position but she knew she needed to make sure things were ok. She loved her sister and wouldn't want things to become weird between them. When she saw her sister sobbing into her pillow her throat tightened and tears sprang to her eyes. She had always looked after her sister and seeing her so hurt triggered the protective instinct in her.
"Car, its ok, seriously, stop crying." She patted her back and her sister slowly tried to pull it together. "It'll be ok sweety, it's fine."
"It's just.." Carmen said as she whipped the tears from her eyes and stared at the bed cover, "you must think I'm such a freak." The beautiful girl shot her sister a confused look as she started to laugh.
"Ok I guess laughing wasn't the best thing." She said apologising. "But I really don't think you're a freak AT ALL! I mean most girls have experimented with anal you know." She felt a little strange talking to her sister about anal but she thought it was up to her to set the tone. Act as if the conversation wasn't embarrassing in the slightest. Sure.
Carmen was a little mollified but still couldn't raise her eyes to meet her sister's.
"Listen, seriously, I've done it before. I've even got a vibrator that I sometimes use when I'm in the mood." She was blushing as she said this but she knew she needed to make her sister feel ok about what she had been caught doing.
"Really?" Carmen asked looking up at her older sister, noticed that she was blushing, blushed herself but still felt better about the whole situation.
"And lesbian porn is ok to Car. I mean some of my friends go to girl strip clubs. Sometimes girls are just prettier." She laughed and didn't mention that most of those girls who she had gone with were lesbian or at least bi but she knew for a fact that many straight girls would rather watch a female stripper than a male. Sometimes male nudity was a bit much and the girl strippers were much sexier.
"Yeah right, next thing you're going to tell me is you watch it to." Carmen couldn't quite get out the word lesbian porn and was shocked when her sister winked at her.
"I have on the rare occasion been known to indulge in a little lesbo porn myself. Listen I guess some idiots might get up tight about it but who cares about them. I mean it's not like you're lesbian. Which of course would be fine to, I mean you're my sister I love you, it wouldn't change how I feel about you!" Maria was a little concerned that she may have walked straight into another huge issue but was relieved when her little sister laughed and she could see things were much better now and very little embarrassment on both their parts.
"No I'm not a lesbian, though I have no problem with them either. Thanks Maria, that really made me feel better." Both sisters hugged and both had fleeting thoughts of how the embrace felt slightly more than comfortable, their breasts almost the exact same sizes were squashed up against each other. They broke apart and continued their conversation about more trivial things as they went to the kitchen to make some lunch.
Kate had finished up much quicker then she had thought. Her parents had decided to increase their stay from what was supposed to be a weekend to a good month long visit. Having not planned for a sitter before they had decided to finally leave Kate in charge of the house and not put three grown children through the indignity of staying with bible study friends or some other ridiculous situation. Her brothers had of course whopped and gone dancing around like mad thankful that they would get a whole month of a little less 'structure' as their mom put it and a little more fun. Her parents were good people but they were a little unreasonable with the rules they expected their children to follow.
She drove her Volvo into its usual place and quickly gathered her bag heading for the house. She opened the door and immediately realised something was strange. She stood a listened for a while then a huge grin spread over her face. She could hear the unmistakeable sounds of sex and she very much doubted either of her brothers had brought a girl home. She snuck further into the house and peered around the wall and into the tv room where a brunette 'cowgirl' girl was in doggy position with a guy behind her ploughing into her pussy while she was sucking another guy's rather huge cock. The tv was at an angle so her parents could see what was on it every time they came into the room ensuring their children would never watch something they deemed inappropriate. That thought almost made Kate laugh but that changed as she saw the tv was at an angle so was the big couch that was directly in front of the it which gave her a great view of her two brother's feverishly stroking their cocks. She couldn't help but stare and she could feel her pussy moisten at the sight. Although they were her brothers she couldn't help but react to the sight. They were in very good shape from all the soccer and their cocks were surprisingly long and fat. And at this moment very hard with precum running down their lengths and their eyes glued to the action on screen. She was thinking whether to wait for them to cum so she could watch or to scare the shit out of them. She decided on the latter and strode into the room.
"Whatareyou guys doing?" She didn't say it in an angry tone; more of a polite question but at her first words both her brothers had shot so far into the air that she might as well have been screaming bloody murder at them.
The tv was off in a second as both boys tried to pull their shorts up. Kevin fell over whilst trying to do it and Andy had managed to pull them on the wrong way with his eyes on the floor looking as if it was his last day on earth. She knew she would have to broach the silence.
"You guys don't have to stop, I was just asking. Just don't let mom catch you with that stuff." She said winking as Kevin looked up at her from the floor in amazement.
She turned and left and the silence was golden as she broke into a silent fit of giggles at the looks on their faces. Finally after she had managed to calm herself a little the image of them jerking off flew through her mind again and she almost regretted not waiting for them to cum. Almost.
A few hours later she decided it was safe to leave her room without bursting into laughter at the look of her brothers which she thought might be a little cruel given what she had already put them through. She saw Kevin in the kitchen and at the sight of her his face went bright red and he looked for the nearest exit. Kate sighed and decided to sort this out now, she had had enough fun. Plus she might be able to get a few things out of this.
"Stop. Turn around." She said as her brother had already started to move toward the exit.
He did as told and he obviously wanted the floor to swallow him, or a freak bolt of lightning to hit him. Anything other than this.
"I'm not angry Kev seriously."
"But you're gona tell mom." He said it quietly almost with the pronouncement of a death sentence.
"Ok how much of a bitch do you think I am?" She was a little wounded by this. She would never sell them out to their parents. She loved her brothers despite the fact they fought so often.
Kevin was taken aback by the use of a swear word as he had never heard her say anything of the sort before.
"Listen it's cool seriously, that would be way to harsh and I wouldn't wana live in this house afterthatnews came out." Kevin looked up in shocked awe and Kate decided to push her advantage. "But you guys will owe me of course."
"What?" He asked and he knew anything she could ask for would be worth it. His mom would make him and his brother's life a living hell if she ever found out.
"Well for one next time I do something wrong you guys don't squeal. I think we're old enough now to all be on the same team, look out for each other and stuff. And maybe you two taking over a few chores of mine from time to time." She could see he was so relieved that this was the least of his problems that she wanted to ruffle his hair. 'Bless him.' She thought to herself and then decided to drop the bombshell.
"And of course you now have to lend me your porno's whenever I want." She watched as his brain tried to interpret this then his lips try to speak the words. It was hilarious watching the whole process unfolding before her eyes.
"Wheh.. What?" he finally managed to get out after his second try.
"You have to lend me your porno's whenever I want."
"You want to watch porn?!" He asked still not believing a word she was saying.
Kate just laughed at the look of utter bewilderment on his face as she leaned back against the kitchen table.
"Well I've been borrowing from your collection every now and again but now it'll be easier, I can grab a few every now and again and I can ask you guys how good they are. I'm sure you wouldn't mind reviewing them." Kate laughed and her big boobs jumped up and down as she did.
"Are you really serious?" Kevin asked again.
"Yes, I really am."
"I knew someone was taking them. I told Andy but he wouldn't believe me. He just thought we'd lost it or something. I knew it! I didn't ever think it was you though." He said looking into nowhere then focusing on his sister again.
"Yeah so just don't be so obvious next time. Make sure you leave a key in the door or something, if one of mom or dad's friends decided to pop round with a key I somehow doubt they're going to be as awesome as me about it." She winked at her brother then bent down to grab a bottle of water from the fridge.
As she got up she noticed her brother had been eyeing out her ass but decided not to say anything about it as she had gotten an eyeful of him masturbating a few hours ago though she wasn't about to say that. As she was almost at the door her brother spoke again.
"You're gona let us keep watching?"
"Yeah, I'm not gona ruin your fun. Enjoy it while you can, mom and dad won't be gone forever. How cool am I though." She said over her shoulder as she walked to the tv room.
"Very cool." She heard from the kitchen and she laughed to herself as she plopped down on the sofa and switched on the tv. She felt like masturbating right now but though if she asked for a porno now her brother might just keel over with shock and having them watch her masturbate wasn't on the agenda. Today. She laughed at the thought then started flipping through the shit of day time tv.
Carmen had watched her sister leave with a sigh. She missed seeing her as often as she used to when she lived at home with her. Despite how the day had started out, with her catching her in such a compromising position the hot little brunette felt that she was much closer to her sister now after their frank discussion. She felt like sunning herself out at the pool but her brother was home and somehow tanning with her bikini on now seemed wrong. She laughed at the thought then went to go find something on tv. She had put his digital camera back where she had found it and no doubt her brother was feverishly looking through it perving over the pictures of Katie and Cindy. Honestly she couldn't really blame him, she kinda perved over the pictures herself, her friends were just really hot.
As she had guessed the first thing Jake had done was go over to his camera that had appeared magically back where it was supposed to do and looked at the first picture that was on it. It was a picture of Kate in a very tight, very small black top and matching black panties. With a herculean effort he managed to put down the camera and started up his laptop, knowing full well that the pictures would be so much better when viewed on a bigger screen. He drummed his fingers on his desk as he waited and he could feel a nervous energy coursing through him. He was about to jump through the roof.
'Fuck! How long does stupid windows take to load up!" He thought as he saw the little bar moving along. He was sure it had never taken this long before.
Finally he punched in the right password on his third try then quickly loaded up his camera. He put all the pictures into a folder and pushed the slide show button. His pants were off in record time and his cock hard since he had seen his camera, he slowly began to rub up and down. He watched as the big boobed blonde knock out slowly took her clothes off. The first time he saw her fantastic breasts uncovered he almost came. They were fucking awesome that was all that could be said. Her final pic with her tongue licking her left nipple as she pushed her tits up to her face almost made him explode again. He grabbed his cock in an attempt to stop the semen racing up his cock as he knew he still had the Japanese bombshell to go. As he watched her bare little titties come into view and her long nipples at full attention Jake loved every second of it. He had always had a fantasy of fucking a cute little Asian thing like Cindy, she was just so sexy! Her cute little bum soon came into the picture and he knew he was going to cum soon. When he saw the next pictures of her standing there with her pants around her ankles even though he couldn't see her pussy as she was faced away from him he began to cum and what came up next made his grunt and cum even harder than before. A picture with Kate and Cindy with their arms around his sister, all three of the topless. His cum continued to pump all over his chest and his hand and he couldn't believe he could even produce that much of the stuff.
After he finished and cleaned himself up he went back to his laptop and sat down gingerly in the seat scared to do what he knew he really wanted to do. Finally he couldn't help himself and clicked on the thumbnail of the picture of the three girls. He looked at the other two first, Cindy with her cute little titties and their long very suckable nipples then Kate with her Baywatch tits and nice pink nipples. Finally he focused on his sisters more tanned breasts. Her breasts were medium in size but seemed completely perfect and now that he thought of it, the best out of all three girls despite the stiff competition. They were perfectly shaped with her light brown nipples absolutely suckable and her areola was the perfect complement. He looked over his sister and felt something shift inside him. He realised that what his friends told him was true, out of her group of close friends, she was the hottest and that was no mean feat. He continued to look at the picture and then the three girls together and thought the fact he had this picture showed there was a God and he was shining down on him. Right then he heard his sister call his name and slipped of his chair.
Jake walked inside rubbing his head where he had hit it on his table and went to get the package that had arrived for him. When he was walking back to his room his sister was in the kitchen.
"What you got there?" She asked as she saw her brother with a package.
Jake looked up at her startled then immediately began to blush, the blood running up to his face. He had just been looking at pictures of her topless and she was right here in front of him. Though he tried to fight it his eyes quickly shifted down to look at the breasts that he had seen bare and in all their glory only minutes before. She had caught the movement of his eyes however and she had a suddenly sinking feeling in her stomach. She hadn't checked what had been on the camera. They had taken them off and decided on the pictures that would be put on but the Kate had done that.
"Fuck, did Kate put that picture on?" She asked firing up.
She had gone too far, she couldn't just do something like this. Carmen had never been so angry in her life before and she thought her friendship with Kate might be over forever.
"Yeah, shit I thought you knew? I'm sorry Car." His head dropped and from feeling so awesome he suddenly felt like complete crap.
"Why are you sorry?" She asked unclenching her fists. "It's Kate's fault, she's the one who slipped that picture on, we had just moved your photo's off the camera and she took it off and put the pictures on, she couldn't have done it by mistake." Carmen was now speaking out loud and wasn't really paying attention to her brother until he asked her a question.
"Wait, did you see my pictures?" He asked blushing again.
"Aaah, yeah I guess so." Now they were both blushing profusely.
Jake wanted to smooth things out for Kate. She had given him so much and he knew she was probably just having a little fun. And like she had said, he had enjoyed looking at his sister even though he wouldn't admit that to anyone.
"Well if you've looked at mine why shouldn't I be able to look at yours?" They were both doing a mixture of staring at the floor, blushing and shooting little looks at each other.
"Well I guess so but still Kate shouldn't have just done that."
"I guess so but don't be too angry at her. She might have done it by mistake and not noticed."
"Hmmm, maybe but she's sneaky, it's something she would do, she's been trying to get me to take pictures." Her head shot up and she couldn't believe she had just said something so stupid.
The look on her face was so hilarious that even in his highly embarrassed he had to laugh and this seemed to break the ice.
"Wow that look was classic!" He said as he held his sides as the both began to laugh like mad people.
"Shut up you bastard!" Carmen said as she slapped her brother and she finally realised that they could still be brother and sister even after they had seen rather compromising pictures of each other.
"Fine but I still think I deserve some pics in return." He said as he danced out of her reach as she tried to hit him again.
They laughed a bit more then finally calmed themselves down.
"Would you really want?" Carmen asked a little shyly and she didn't have to explain further to her brother who tried to play it cool though he was sure he probably failed.
"Yeah I would. I mean like Kate said to me, they just pictures and I'm pretty sure we're not gona let this ruin anything so yeah.. I think it'd be fine." They both jumped as his cell rang and then they both laughed as he left and answered his phone.
Carmen went up to her room and laughed to herself about how much her relationship had changed to her siblings in the same day. She was still gona kick Katie's ass though, she may have been right but she deserved a kick none the less.
The next day dawned bright and clear much like the previous days. Kate was waiting for Cindy to call her so they could go over to Carmen's house. She had been out quickly to get a few things such as food for her brothers who she knew would probably just go get fast food of some type if left to their own devices. She took the few shopping bags into the kitchen and packed the stuff away then headed into the tv room where she saw sport on the tv. She looked down at her brothers who were both staring at the screen in shorts that showed rather hard cocks, with flushed faces and started to laugh. Both boys looked over at her a little guiltily but Kevin at least had the good grace to have a snigger at himself and the stupid position they were in.
"You guys are so obvious. It's fine though you can put back it on I'm just going up stairs quick and change."
"Then where you are you going?" Kevin asked looking up at her and grinning, he was obviously much more at ease about their situation. Andy still refused to look at her and was staring at the floor blushing.
"Well I'm gona come back down and watch." She said winking at Kevin who looked a little shocked for a minute then grinned at his brother who shot him an almost scared look.
Kate left and walked upstairs quickly hopping Kev would be able to convince his brother to be cool, she thought that this could be quite fun if they just went with it. She picked up and put on any old bikini, she knew she wouldn't be wearing it much at Carmen's place and put a white top on and denim skirt and quietly made her way downstairs. She could hear her brothers having a quick whispered conversation.
"Dude who cares. If she wanted she could have got us into serious shit with mom. I mean we can watch a little bit with her I'm sure she'll get bored pretty quick and go. I mean this way we can watch whenever we want. We not gona get this opportunity again when mom comes back, I mean how often do they leave us alone?" Kevin was obviously trying to win over his brother.
"Yeah but she's our sister and it'll be so embarrassing." Andy replied.
"Well just imagine she's someone else. Let's be honest I think she has the most awesome tits ever and I know you think that to!" Andy chuckled a little at what his brother had said but didn't disagree. "And you know she's really hot and she's been really cool about this. Let's just see what it's like. If it really sucks we don't have to do it again."
Hearing this made Kate have a rush of love for her brothers as she heard Andy agree and she quietly went up the stairs then made a more noisy return, putting her things by the door then taking a seat in one of their deep leather single chairs and made herself comfortable as she clapped her hands.
"On with the show." She said and Kevin laughed and even Andy gave a quick little chuckle. Kevin reached over and pushed play on the dvd remote and the screen moved out of standby mode and the play button appeared. It was so quite in the room that they could hear the whirr of the dvd in the machine and the anticipation built quickly.
The tv flashed to life and a well endowed girl with short funky brown hair was on her knees sucking one long thin cock while a jerking off a fatter one with her other hand. She then swopped cocks and continued. Kate thought she might as well break the silence as her two brothers stared fixedly at the screen.
"Wow, multi tasker." Andy shot her a furtive look then looked back at the screen and Kevin leaned back further into the couch and laughed a little. His blood was going other places then his brain Kate guessed. The silence continued for a bit longer while the girl was bent over and had the fat cock stuffed into her pussy doggy style while she continued to suck on the other cock. Kate tried to restart conversation again though she thought it might be a losing battle.
"She doesn't have a very nice looking pussy but I think she's pretty hot."
Andy again shot her a look but this time Kevin made an effort to rip his eyes away from the screen to look over at his sister and think up a reply, she could almost see the cogs trying to click into gear.
"True, sometimes they get girls with hot bodies but they're a bit nasty looking, like ugly and a bit dirty." Kate smiled at her brother for making the effort and he winked back. "She's pretty hot though, and she doesn't look like a lot of the other porn stars. I dig the short hair, she looks good with it."
"Yeah me to." Andy said finally saying something.
"He speaks!" Kate said laughing and Kevin joined in as their brother blushed then finally joined in. "It's ok Andy, dude just have some fun."
"Yeah ok, ok miss I'm such a cool sister cause I watch porn with my brothers." They all laughed at that and the mood seemed to lighten though still with a heavy undercurrent of sexual tension.
The girl had swopped positions, now sucking the cock that had been in her pussy and getting fucked by the other.
"What you guys think about a girl sucking a cock after its been in her pussy?" Kate said and laughing again when her brothers both shot shocked looks at her. "So we can watch porn together but I cant use naughty words?" She teased them.
"Well you're not one for taking things slow are you?" Andy said laughing as he looked back at the screen. "I think it'sfuckinghot." He said emphasising the swear word. His other siblings laughed and Kevin agreed with his brother then asked what his sister thought about it.
"I think it's pretty hot hey, especially in the heat of the moment." At this both boys looked at her again and then back at the screen. She noticed they were both looking very pent up and she could see their cocks straining to be set free. She could even see a wet spot developing on Kevin's pants. She decided to take a gamble.
"You know you guys can get back to doing what you were before I interrupted you."
"We kinda are already Sis." Andy replied absently running his hand over his cock through his shorts.
"And you were just watching?" Kate asked in a falsely innocent voice to which Kevin immediately picked up and narrowed his eyes at her in dawning comprehension.
"Yeah." Andy said looking between his sister and his brother, a confused look coming over his features.
"I think she means when we were jerking off." Kevin replied.
"Five points to Kev!" Kate said laughing.
"You're mad." Andy said looking at his sister.
"Hey I noticed things are a little, ahh, cramped down there so why not. I promise I won't peak." She winked at her brothers and laughed at the looks on their faces. Andy's was shocked but Kevin's was calculating.
"We will you if we do?" Kevin asked being bold.
"Maybe some other time, don't wanna blow your minds too soon. But seriously I can see you guys want to. If you'd rather I leave I can or I won't peak if I'm allowed to stay."
"Yeah right, you won't peak." Andy said laughing. "And it's not like we the only ones who are enjoying this, if you move to fast you might poke someone's eyes out." Kate looked down at her chest and she laughed when she saw that her nipples were very clear through her top.
"They do kinda look like they're trying to tear through don't they?" Kate replied giggling. "Ten points to Andy!" Everyone laughed and they continued to watch the porn as the girl was now riding a cock whilst sucking another.
"Fuck it." Kevin said and slipped his pants down and his fat cock popped into view and he quickly grabbed it and slowly started massaging it up and down. He groaned appreciatively which covered Kate's half stifled moan of pleasure at the sight of her brother's cock.
"Ok ten points to Kev!" She said laughing and then cheered when Andy did the same and said full points to both of you young sirs. The action on the screen was hotting up as both guys were now positioned jerking off above the girl's face who was playing with her tits and licking her lips in a fake way. The guys continued to jerk off and suddenly one let loose with a groan and proceeded to shoot jism all over the girl's mouth and all three siblings watched as some went in her mouth and slowly dripped onto her tits as she pushed it out her mouth. The other man was groaning in an impending kind of way but Kate couldn't help saying one last thing.
"Fuck I hate it when girls spit out cum. If the guy cums on their face and tits that's fine but if he cums in their mouth they should fucking swallow." She was watching her brothers now more than the dvd and saw them both spasm at her words and groan as cum began to shoot from the cocks onto their belly's.
Kate squeezed her legs together and felt that her pussy was very wet. She would be surprised if she hadn't left a wet spot but luckily it wouldn't be easily noticeable on the leather. She could feel her juice sliding down her legs and was just getting hornier as the room started to smell like sex and her brothers continued to spray cum everywhere. When they finally stopped groaning Kevin pressed the stop button after watching the pornstar grinning up at the camera with two loads of cum drenching her face. Both brothers laughed when Kate's phone rang and they all jumped. Cindy had messaged her and was ready.
"Well little brothers, or not so little." She said leering at their cum covered cocks as a joke. "I've gota jet, that was great we should do it again soon! Enjoy the clean up!" She laughed as she left and they threw pillows at her.