This story is a fantasy and a dream any relation to persons living or dead is purely coincidence.
I'm fairly new at this so please leave me feedback as I'd love to know your thoughts. Thank you and I hope you enjoy this as much as I do.
*
I'm on my day off from work and fancy a walk in the woods behind the house. The sun is shining and it seems such a shame to waste such a beautiful day in the countryside. I put on a skirt and pack a small bag with a jumper, drink, snack and a few bits leftover from work. I smooth down my top over my flat belly, the one part of my body I love and head out the door. I climb over the fence behind the house into the woods and start my walk along the usual trail. I'm still young just hit 23 I'm 5"6 I have long brunette hair that flows down just below my breasts. I have an adequate 34B just enough to fill a handful but lovely and pert.
I'd been walking through the woods for a good hour now id had my snack and polished off my drink as the sun had been shining on my back I decided to come off my normal route and take a side track which was a bit shadier. I carried on for a bit longer until I came across a stream id never seen before; I took my bag off my back and sat down by the side of the stream dipping my toes in to refresh myself. It was a beautiful and clear, I took a good look around and I hadn't seen many people on the track as it was a weekday let alone down this part of the path so I decided that I could take a little risk. I slipped off my skirt and lifted my white top over my head and undid my bra. I could feel the light breeze against my nipples as they bounced free from the confines of my bra and hardened in the cool air. I sat there for a while enjoying the freeness I felt and the breeze against my body, it started to get my exhibitionist side excited so I thought it might be a good idea to cool off to try and suppress the feelings. I've always fantasised about being outside, being watched and caught. So I slipped my knickers down from my hips and left them on the bank with the rest of my clothes and bag. I had one last look around to see the coast was clear and slipped down into the stream; the cold water surrounded my body all my intimate parts awaken to the cold water rushing around. I had a gentle swim and lifted myself out of the stream once I felt satisfied.
I let the water drip off my body as the sun heated it, I felt alone in the whole world and my body felt gorgeous. I ran my hands over my body caressing my breasts as I went. I squeezed them gently and rolled my hard nipples around in my fingers letting out a slight moan as I did. I continued to lie in the sun soaking up the heat unaware of where I was or the time. I felt so relaxed my left hand started to wonder down by body past my belly to the top of my pussy passed my shaved mound to my clit. I started to rub myself slowly and dipped down to get some of my wetness to ease my fingers to slide over my clit. I started slow making little circles over my clit, I then starting to gain speed and my breathing started getting faster and deeper as the pleasure built up inside me I couldn't keep myself from moaning I got louder and louder as my body filled with pleasure. I dove 2 of my fingers deep into my pussy as I got close to coming I was furiously pushing my fingers in and out of my wet hole rubbing against my g-spot until it happened that wave of pleasure gushed over me and with it I came squirting onto the grass below me. After I lie there catching my breath I suddenly become very aware of a rustling in the trees behind me. I grab my clothes to cover myself up and shout:
"Who's there? Show yourself!"
I frantically put my top and skirt on forgetting about my knickers or bra and get up to investigate what I heard. No sooner than I took two steps I heard a voice...
"No please don't come closer! I'm sorry I was walking past and didn't want to disturb you... Please I'm sorry. You looked like you were busy and enjoying yourself I couldn't resist just taking a look. "
"So you just thought you could stare from a distance and not get caught?" I uttered sarcastically.
"Well kinda I hoped you wouldn't hear me behind here." Before the mysterious voice stopped talking a face appeared from behind a group of trees. Behind was a man dark and handsome mid 20s not thin but not big either. But very red in the face and looking slightly flustered.
"I'm so sorry you will have to forgive me being a peeping Tom but I couldn't help myself, if you don't mind me saying you have a divine body."
"Well thank you." I said slightly flattered at the thought of someone watching me doing something so intimate. "If I'm totally honest its quite exciting knowing you were watching me, how long I mean how much did you see? I think you owe me that much to know."
"Um pretty much all of it, I heard you swimming took a look and just as I got there you started to get out so I panicked and hid behind that tree. Once I was there I was stuck, I wasn't to know you were going to... well you know! Not that I didn't enjoy it..."
"Well Mr...."
"Mr Jacobs."
"Mr Jacobs it's a pleasure to have met you, I guess I should get going after that err... Display."
"Well thank you for sharing it with me Miss?"
"Miss Graves, Mona Graves." I smiled.
He smiled back, "Well Miss Graves I hope to see you again." He winked at me and carried on back down the path he came.
I quickly gathered my things together and shoved them into my bag and chased after him. I grabbed his hand.
"Here's my number" I wrote on his hand my mobile number, "Maybe call me sometime? This was fun we should do it again sometime."
"Sure." He sounded shocked at the offer but smiled all the same.
I carried on ahead of him without looking back; when I finally got back to the fence before the house he was gone. Thank goodness because getting back over the fence in a skirt without knickers would have been another show. ;)