"Are you ready for this?" Brett asked.
Emma replied "maybe one more drink before we go", clearly feeling a bit nervous.
Emma and Brett had been married for 20 years and in the last few years had really began to open up about their sexual desires and fantasies. They had explored BDSM and found that they really enjoyed the D/s lifestyle with Brett being the dominant. On vacation a few years back, Brett had discovered he enjoyed when other men looked at and flirted with Emma while she went to get them drinks at the pool bar. They had even went as far as to post naked pics on Reddit. The site of Emma's naked body on the internet deeply appealed to Brett's voyeuristic fetish. Emma also found it more comfortable to flirt digitally on Reddit rather than in person.
Their sex life was fantastic and even though Brett had a bit of a hotwife fantasy, neither wanted to step outside of their monogamistic relationship, but had always wanted to vacation at an adult only resort. They had arrived at the Live Aqua resort in Cancun a couple hours ago and were about to venture out for the first time to go to dinner.
The path to the restaurant they decided on took them past the pool. They tried not to look like newbies, but the naked bodies by the pool drew their complete attention. A few women were nude, several others topless or in bikinis. The naked men actually out numbered the women and all body types seem to be represented. They took in the spectacle as they passed by, both wondering if they'd have the courage to step out later in their birthday suits.
After dinner they took a tour of the grounds. The resort was beautiful and had many amenities for the guests. There was shopping, art classes, jet skis, a clothing optional beach with cabanas, hammocks or beds. It was clear they were going to have plenty to do.
Returning to their room, they were stopped by a member of guest services who informed them the evening mixer in the bar began in a little over an hour and first time guests were strongly encouraged to attend. They agreed it would be a good idea to get to know a few people and learn more about the resort so returned to their room to shower and got dressed.
The bar reminded them of a swanky martini bar. Everyone was well dressed although most of the ladies were dressed rather provocatively. At the bar, Brett ordered his usual bourbon and Emma ordered a scotch which immediately caught the eye of the man beside her. "Scotch neat! My kind of woman" he said. "My name is Matt" he said as he shook both their hands. "This my wife Carla".
Matt was nearly as tall as Brett with average but fit body, Carla a curvy brunette both were in their late 40s. Turns out Matt and Carla were from Florida and while they had been to a couple other resorts, this was their first time at an adults only resort also.
The four continued to drink and were instant friends. Matt and Carla were occasional swingers who had been married for 26 years and had found the lifestyle fun and freeing. The next few hours flew by as the four talked about everything from kids to marriage and even dipped a bit into their sex lives. Matt and Carla talked about how they got into the swing lifestyle and all about their embarrassing first escapades.
Emma about died when her and Carla returned from the restroom and found Brett showing Matt their Reddit account!
"They'll eventually see the in person version at some point this week" Brett defended.
Carla said "I think we'd both like to see that" with a wink. At that, it seemed like a good time to call it a night.
After a long night of playing, the next morning Brett and Emma required sleeping in a bit. The two grabbed some breakfast and then headed down to check out the beach. The beach was something off a post card or screen saver. White sand, turquoise water and cabanas every 25 ft or so. They found their way towards the end of the beach to an open cabana dropped there stuff and then came the moment of truth....they chickened out.
Deciding it was a bit too much too soon to bare it all, they decided for now, bottoms would stay on. It was a mix on the beach of different body types, ages, levels of dress but most were either nude or close to it.
They lotioned up and took a quick dip before retreating to the shade of the cabana. A couple hours had passed, Brett was listening to an audio book while Emma read her latest Anne Rice book when they heard a familiar voice.
"Thought we might run into you two here" Carla called out.
Her and Matt were just dropping their beach gear at the next cabana when Brett and Emma looked up to see Matt and Carla wearing nothing more than flip flops and a smile.
Carla had an attractive curvy build to her with a tanned, no tan line body but the attention grabber was the rather impressive member Matt was packing.
The two strolled over the Brett and Emma's cabana, "is this place great or what" Matt said while clearly taking a peak at Emma's chest. Emma's breasts were easily twice the size of Carla's and clearly of interest to Matt.
"Not quite ready to take the plunge huh" Carla asked looking at Brett and Emma 's bottoms.
Emma blushed and said "no, not just yet".
"Well, from what I see so far, the real life version far surpasses the Reddit version" Matt said while giving Emma a little wink causing Emma to blush even more.
Carla playfully slapped Matt and said "We'll let you get back to reading and relaxing. Hey, you guys want to have dinner together tonight?" All agreed that sounded like fun and Matt and Carla headed off.
"Did you see the fucking hog leg on him!" Brett said. "There's no way I am taking my shorts off around him. Damn thing had to be 7 inches soft!"
"Don't be ridiculous" Emma said. "It's not a competition."
"Oooh, now that you've seen his swinging salami all of a sudden you're ready to drop your knickers!" Brett said with a joking accusation.
"That's not what I said at all!" replied Emma turning redder.
" Uh huh, you were all bottoms on when we got here. Now it's 'maybe we should try it, it's not a competition' now that he's all groping your tits with his eyes!" Brett said mocking Emma's voice and a huge grin on his face.
Brett loved to push Emma's boundaries. Truth be told she loved it too. She wanted to be more adventurous but couldn't bring herself to do things on her own. She needed the push.
"Keep your voice down, they're in the next cabana and will hear you!" Emma chastised as her face continued to redden.
"It's strange" Brett noted "how your face got sunburned while the rest of you didn't" alluding her blush. "I'd say you clearly enjoyed our brief conversation. Perhaps I should invite mile long Matt back over?"
"I'm going to get you if don't stop!" Emma said. Brett continued to tease and rib her for several minutes before finally settling back into their books.
After making it back to their room, Brett and Emma took a shower and were getting dressed. Emma was just slipping on her panties when Brett came up from behind her "you won't have need of those" he whispered. "Or your bra for that matter. And I have picked out your outfit for this evening" as he pointed to Emma's little black dress he had laid on the bed.
"That one without panties or a bra? I might as well be naked!" she said. The dress was short, barely making it to mid thigh and the top had a plunging neck line. If Emma bent over much at all anyone behind her or in front of her would get a nice view.
"That's the one I want Dixie." Brett said.
Dixie was Emma's online alias slash alter ego. In their D/s-M relationship Brett was Daddy and Emma was Dixie. He only used this name for her during playtime, scenes and when he was reminding her of her professed submission. Emma looked at the dress, then up to Brett and replied "yes Daddy".
The two arrived at the restaurant at 7 and found Matt and Carla were already seated. Upon walking up to the table everyone greeted one another, the men shaking hands and complementing the ladies on how lovely they both looked.
As Emma walked around the table to her seat, Brett couldn't help but notice Matt closely watching Emma's ass. The man definitely had a thing for Dixie. The restaurant was a fine dining seafood place and the food and conversation was excellent.
The four talked about their relationships and how they had developed over the years. Matt and Carla about how they opened their relationship, Carla actually being the one who initiated the idea. Matt was a bit uneasy about it at first having grown up in a sexually repressive family.
Carla won Matt over to the idea with lots of loving support and a few threesomes. She started them off with a couple fmf threesomes before including another man. Matt had thought seeing his wife being fucked by another man would be difficult to handle and it had been, but the eroticism of the moment plus the man's beautiful blonde wife sucking his cock as her husband fucked Carla made it easier.
Emma and Brett shared how they had begun their lifestyle and how they knew they were somewhat odd in the BDSM lifestyle as they did not share each other. Matt made a few jokes about being truly disappointed but both he and Carla were completely supportive of their decision and encouraged them to hold to that if that was what they were comfortable with.
Before the four even knew it, it was 9:45 and the restaurant would be closing soon. The food was gone as was several bottles of wine. "So, you guys going to the party tonight at the lifestyle club?" Carla asked Emma.
Emma hesitated for a moment when Matt encouraged "come onnn! Isn't this what you came for. To experience this place. You could do what you've done so far at most any resort. You don't have to partake in any activities and no one will pressure you, but you should at least hang out with us and check it out".
Emma looked at Brett who was clearly looking forward to it, then looked back to Carla and Matt and said "sounds like fun".
The four walked into the club finding the main room was a bar/lounge with a large bar at the center with tables surrounding it and tableless booths around the walls. Most of the ladies were provocatively dressed while the men were stylishly clad. The lounge was quite full, seemed most of the guests had showed up for the party.
The four found their way to the bar, ordered drinks and began to mingle. Emma and Brett mainly stayed near the bar allowing others to circulate around to them. It was fun talking to the other couples. They found several couples like themselves who were basically auditing. They also had several other couples come straight to the point and proposition them for a swap later.
After an hour, Brett said "seems like at least half of the crowd has moved into party area wanna check it out?"
"Sure!" Emma replied.
Walking through the door into the play area they found themselves in a wide hallway with 12 doors. Each door led to a playroom. A few rooms had only one king size bed, most had between 2 and 4. Emma and Brett walked down the hallway stopping to see each room.
Each room was themed some being BDSM, some tropical, some cheesy porno. The rooms were occupied with some couples in a full swap, others only playing or soft swap. A couple rooms with 4 beds had what could only be described as an orgy occurring.
Towards the end of the hall they found a room with two beds and Matt and Carla were engaged in a full swap with another couple. It was fun to see people having sex in person but seeing people they knew having sex was far more erotic.
Carla was riding a clearly younger man on the bed on the right while Matt was on top of the young man's wife. Now that Matt was erect, his cock was even more impressive. His rock hard member was at least 9 inches, probably more and very thick. Clearly more girthy than the young woman was used to as she was very vocal. Brett looked to Emma and found she was transfixed on Matt long stroking the woman's very wet pussy.
"You're blushing again" Brett whispered.
Snapping out of it Emma replied "we can move on if you want."
"No, let's watch them finish." Brett replied. "Besides, you're clearly enjoying the Matt show!" with a wink.
A few moments later Matt's pace increased indicating he was about to cum. Brett and Emma expected him to withdraw his enormous cock but Matt showed no sign of doing so. Brett and Emma were shocked when his back arched as he grunted loudly and began to pump his cum into her pussy. The hard fast pounding Matt was giving her plus the throbbing of his massive member trigger the woman's orgasm bringing on a chorus of moans and grunts as they finished.
As Matt retracted his large and still partially erect cock a flood of cum gushed from the gaping pussy he had occupied moments earlier. Matt rolled over onto his back, his prick still hard enough to stand at attention, he noticed Emma watching intently and winked at her, immediately returning her "sunburn" to her face.
Brett realized he had chubbed up significantly. While he was enjoying seeing the beautiful bodies in action, it wasn't the beautiful women bringing on the erection, it was the wink to Emma from Matt that had definitely engaged his hotwife fantasy.
Emma and Brett had been so enthralled watching Matt's huge cock do its work, they hadn't noticed Carla and her man had changed positions. Carla was now on her back in the missionary position with them facing the door so Emma send Brett had a perfect view of their sex.
The man was driving into Carla hard and fast causing Carla's tits to bounce up and down hard. She arched up and began to orgasm, clawing at the man's back begging him to fuck her harder which he happily obliged. Only moments later he could take no more pulled his cock from Carla's pussy and coated her body and face with large ropes of cum.
Brett looked to Emma and said "let's check out the other rooms."
"ok" she replied.
The last room was a large room with eight beds. Six beds were occupied, one had only one couple, 4 beds had two couples and the sixth bed had a 5 some. Emma and Brett walked around the room observing not only the sex that was occurring but the many people who were in the room. Most were watching, a few women were giving blow jobs and several others were in various states of undress and groping.
Brett led Emma around the room taking it all in until they reached the other end of the room where the unoccupied beds were. As they were passing by one of the beds Brett grabbed Emma by her hips and turned her so her back was to the bed.
"What are you doing" she asked anxiously in Brett's ear. Brett pulled her in for a deep kiss. Usually Emma would melt into Brett's embrace but today, she stiffened with anxiety. As Brett pulled back from the kiss his hands fell to the hem of her dress. "I don't know if I can do this" Emma whispered.
"Relax Dixie" Brett replied, "it's just you and me here."
She closed her eyes, took a deep breath and replied "yes Daddy."
Brett grasped the hem of her dress and slowly began to pull it upwards. At this moment it occurred to Dixie that Daddy had chosen her outfit and it had not included a bra or panties. She was about to be fully exposed to everyone in the room and it brought on a wave of anxiety and at the same time intense sexual energy.
She felt butterflies in her belly, tingling in her pussy and wetness between her legs. She felt the fabric of her dress passing her thighs, then across her hips and ass. She knew at the point her soaking wet pussy had become visible to all. The blush she had had on the beach admiring Matt's cock was nothing compared to what she had now.
Without slowing, Brett continued to pull the dress upward. Past her belly. Across her breasts and finally, over her head. She remembered the first time she hit the post button on Reddit, thinking of all the people who would be looking at her naked body.
That feeling of exposure, naughtiness and sluttiness paled in comparison to this but she loved and trusted her daddy. Her mind raced. What would be next. Would she be shared? If so with who? Matt possibly. She found it distressing to herself that she almost hoped for that.
Brett pulled her in for another long kiss and then whispered "I love you". He laid her down slowly and gently on the bed behind her, bent her legs and then spread them wide open.
Emma had never felt so exposed and vulnerable in her life, she dare not look around for fear she would lose her nerve. Brett removed his shirt and pants then crawled on top of her. He began kissing her before moving down her neck to her amazing breasts. He spent ample time with each licking, sucking, pinching and twisting.
As he moved down her flat tummy Emma mustered the courage open her eyes wide and look around. To her surprise, she was the focus of attention for nearly everyone in the room, including Matt and Carla. Emma always felt like she wasn't that attractive. That her pics on Reddit weren't as beautiful as others. So it was surprising to her that so many were focused on her.
Brett's face was between her thighs now. His hands held her legs spread wide while kissed starting at her knee on each leg working his way all the way down to her pussy, but never touching it. It was excruciating! Wanting it so bad but feeling so dirty for it.
Finally, Brett's tongue moved slowly up the lips of her pussy forcing her to close her eyes in pleasure. Brett's cock may not have been the biggest, but his tongue worked magic and tonight was no different.
As Brett worked his tongue in between Emma lips, he couldn't believe how wet she was. It was as if he'd already been going down on her for 20 minutes but had barely touched her. He used all his favorite techniques on her. Licking and sucking her lips before fucking her with his tongue. Licking and kissing around her clit.
Finally after what seemed like an eternity he began to gently run his soft tongue across her clit. That was all Emma could take. Her hips began bucking and muscles began to tighten. Within seconds the orgasm was washing over her. She wanted so desperately to hold it in, not to have such an intimate moment witnessed by so many but there was no way.
She moaned out loud as Brett worked her clit softly. She was hoping Brett would fuck her soon but knew better. This man loved two things sexual. Eating her pussy and pushing her boundaries. He was in heaven right now as he was doing both.
With that thought, she decided to embrace this experience and make it the best it could be for her Daddy. The thing about Brett was, one orgasm for Emma was never enough. He would eat her pussy for an hour sometimes driving her past what she thought to be her sexual limits. She knew he wouldn't want to stop after the first orgasm and so embraced it, grabbed him by the back of the head and pulled him down into her soaking wet sex.
Brett pulled her clit into his mouth and began sucking and rhythmically rubbing her clit with his tongue. The sensation was incredible. With all the sexual energy, Emma found that her next orgasm came much quicker than usual. Her hips were once again gyrating and every muscle in her body tightening.
She'd hoped it wouldn't be one of those orgasms but the closer it got, she knew she was going to squirt. As she felt the explosion inside her, she could contain it no longer. As she began covering Brett's face with her cum she let out a long moan which quickly turned into screams of pleasure. She was so embarrassed, she was cumming and sounding like some slut on a porno but was helpless to contain it. The pulsing finally began to subside and she began coming back to earth. She looked down to see the biggest smile on Brett's face She'd ever seen.
"Now fuck me Daddy" she whispered. Brett stood and dropped his underwear revealing his painfully erect cock. Crawling between her legs he drove it into her pussy all the way.
Emma let out a moan and pulled Brett on top of her. Earlier Brett had whispered to her "its just me and you" and at this moment it truly was. They were intertwined with each other and nothing existed out side of the two if them.
After thrusting away for several moments Brett grabbed her and pulled her up towards himself as he flipped onto his back putting Emma on top. She sat up straight and began to ride Brett furiously. That was when someone reached out and lightly pinched her nipple.
Emma turned quickly to see Carla's hand on her breast. Carla smiled then bent down and took Emma's nipple in her mouth. Swirling and sucking the nipple pushed Emma over the edge once more. Her pussy began to convulse, squeezing Brett's cock with no mercy. There was no going back, Brett was beyond the point of no return. His cock throbbed as he buried himself in Emma and filled her with all the cum he had.
Carla pulled up and gave Emma a long tongue filled kiss before whispering in Emma's ear "that was hot, beautiful". Emma collapsed onto Brett's chest as the two caught their breath.
Emerging into the bar from the hallway, Brett and Emma found Matt and Carla waiting at the bar with huge grins on their faces. Matt held up both hands for high 5's from Brett as Carla hugged Emma and said "wow, way to jump right in you guys, I think you had half the place watching you. It was amazing".
Emma began to blush a bit again as Matt reached over and gave her a peck on the cheek and then said to Brett "if you guys change your mind about swinging, we would love to be your first play date. That was great in there."
Brett began to reply with their standard thanks but no thanks when Emma cut him off "we'll definitely keep the offer in mind" with a little wink to Matt. Emma continued "but for now I think we've had enough excitement for one day, right daddy?" she said with a wink as she turned to look at Brett who was still in shock from her reply to Matt.
"Sure" he managed to reply and the two headed back to their room for the night.
The rest of the trip Brett and Emma kept a low profile. After putting on a show they received many offers to play but turned them all down. They continued to push their boundaries together having sex in an open cabana on the beach, with their room window open and hanging out nude at the pool a bit.
After heading home Matt and Carla kept in touch through Reddit and started a page of their own. The next trip for the four of them is already in the works.