A few weeks after I got home, Trish let me know she was leaving school and transferring to a local college for her senior year. Her mom was sick and she wanted to be closer to home. I felt horrible for her but that left me scrambling for a roommate. Trish and I had a special connection and I was going to miss her. I could only wish I'd find another roommate like her. I spent most of the summer working and saving up money so I didn't have to worry about finances when I got back to school. I did save time to contact some friends with benefits but the sex wasn't anything out of the ordinary. There's nothing like a good orgasm or getting my pussy pummeled by a hard dick to release some sexual tension every now and then without the complications of a relationship.
When I got back to school for my senior year, my new roommate, Liz, turned out to be a very friendly girl. We, luckily, hit it off immediately. She was shorter than me and had a few extra pounds on her. She wasn't fat but was more round. She seemed to carry the extra weight in her ass and breasts, which were larger than mine. Liz had a pretty face and long, light brown hair. She seemed a touch self-conscious about her weight but she looked fine to me.
We gradually got to know each other better during the first few weeks of school and began to hang out together. I wasn't going to tell her about the things I did with Trish or with my now ex-boyfriend Joe last year. I didn't know how she would react to any revelations about my past sex life. I was planning on settling down anyway so I could concentrate on my studies in preparation for entering the work world after graduation. That was my plan, anyway.
One night, Liz and I went to a local bar for a couple of drinks and we were sitting at the bar listening to the music and getting to know each other better. I wanted to be more discreet in my showing off but I wanted to have some fun so I put on some low-rise jeans that allowed the straps of my pink thong panties to be seen above the waist. Some guys call it a whale tale. When I sat down, just a hint of my butt crack became visible, or as some guys call it, ass cleavage. Yes, guys, a woman knows exactly how much she is showing no matter how accidental it may seem. Men seem to like knowing a girl is wearing a thong and what color it is. It's a very modest way of showing off too if that makes sense. It's a very subtle tease.
As we were sitting at the bar, I locked eyes with a handsome guy across the room and we smiled at each other. He was tall with dark hair and brown eyes and built like an athlete. I really wasn't there trying to meet anyone or to be picked up but every time I looked over towards him, he seemed to be looking back at me as we continued to exchange smiles. Well, we all know what happened next; he came over with one of his friends to talk to Liz and me. He introduced himself as Dan and his friend was Mike who was also his roommate.
After chatting with us a bit, Dan asked, "This may sound like a cheesy pickup line, but don't I know you from somewhere? You look awfully familiar."
"You know, Dan, I was going to say the same thing. I just can't place where I know you from."
As we talked, it turns out he was in a graduate program at the same college as Liz and I but we had never formally met before. About 30 minutes later, Dan looked like a light bulb went off in his head and he got a wide grin on his face. That made me curious but I didn't say anything. The conversation turned to some crappy jobs we all had over the years and trading horror stories.
Dan then told us, "Yeah, I was working a couple of jobs last year to help pay for grad school."
I almost choked on my beer when he said, "I even delivered pizzas for a local place. That was a crappy job but it did have its benefits."
It hit me like a ton of bricks, Dan was the delivery guy that Trish and I teased by answering the door naked a couple of times and even stiffed him on paying for the first pizza. I was so embarrassed, I may have even blushed a bit. He then went on to tell a story about some young women that would answer the door in various stages of undress and even naked.
I coyly mentioned, "I don't believe a girl would do something like that."
He looked directly at me with a knowing grin and replied, "Oh, trust me. It really happens. A couple of naked girls even stiffed me on paying the bill one time."
He was smiling ear to ear by that point. He knew it was me and I knew he knew it was me and I replied, "Oh, what bitches would do something like that?"
Dan looked directly into my eyes and replied, "Oh, it was worth it. One of them was absolutely gorgeous. She was one of the most beautiful women I've ever seen. I'll never forget her. She was almost as pretty as you, Abby."
This may seem odd but that was one of the best compliments I had ever received. My pussy was getting wet just hearing him describe seeing us naked from his perspective. I told Liz I needed to use the ladies room and she, dutifully, came along. I told her how attracted I was to Dan and she told me she was feeling the same way about Mike but was afraid he was just being a wingman for Dan. It had happened to her before where a friend would talk to her while his buddy was talking to her prettier friend only to find he had no real interest in her at all. I told her I didn't think that was the case but we'd soon find out.
We continued our separate conversations with our new male friends and after a couple of more drinks, Dan invited me back to his apartment. I wasn't sure I wanted to be a quick lay who got picked up in a bar and, once again, asked Liz to join me in the ladies room. She told me Mike wanted her to go back to their apartment too. She was also hesitant but horny. She didn't want to be a one night stand either. We talked it over and decided we both needed some male companionship, besides we were young and should enjoy our last year in college. Liz and I ended up getting laid that night.
When Dan kissed me for the first time, there was a charge of electricity that ran through my body. No one had ever made me feel that way before. Having sex with Dan was different from the other men I've slept with; he was soft and gentle and made sure I came from him orally pleasing me before he entered my pussy. We spent more time looking into each other's eyes and kissing than with any of my other partners too. I was feeling a connection with Dan but was afraid I was setting myself up for being disappointed if it turned out he was just looking for a quick piece of ass.
After we had sex, Dan told me, "I've wanted you ever since I delivered pizzas to you and your friend those few times. You sure know how to tease a guy."
"Well, why didn't you make a move at the time? My friend and I were wondering if you were gay."
He got a good laugh at that comment and replied, "I was in a serious relationship at the time and didn't want to cheat on my girlfriend but trust me, I thought about it a lot when I was alone if you know what I mean."
I smiled knowing that I made a guy jerk off thinking of seeing my naked body and told him, "Well, I hope it was as good as you hoped."
"Abby, it was even better than I ever dreamed it would be."
Dan then expressed some curiosity about teasing delivery men.
"So what was it like to answer the door naked for a strange guy? It sure was a pleasant surprise for me."
"My friend and I were alone, drunk and bored that first time and did it just for kicks. It was kind of fun seeing the surprised look on your face too."
"Did you do it very often?"
"We did it a few times."
"Does it turn you on to be seen naked like that?"
"Yeah, it does. Guys are so easy to tease."
I ended up telling Dan about a few of my experiences teasing delivery men and that got us both feeling frisky again. We made love a second time that night but this time it was less romantic and more lustful. He seemed to get as much enjoyment out of hearing about my bouts of exhibitionism as I did doing them.
"You're such a fucking cock tease, Abby, I love it. I bet those guys wanted to fuck you just like I'm doing right now."
"I bet they did too. I get off thinking of them jerking off thinking about what they'd like to do to me."
"Well, you made me jerk off a few times you cock teaser. Let me hear you say it. Tell me you're a cock teaser."
"I'm a fucking cock teaser, Dan. I've teased a lot of guys just like you. I let them look at my tits, my ass, and my pussy but I didn't let them touch me. I love being a cock tease."
We fucked for a long time in different positions. I especially liked being on top of him, riding his cock with my tits bouncing or with me leaning forward so he could suck on them. He kept telling me he wanted to fuck me so bad after Trish and I would tease him and now he was getting his chance. I got off knowing I was fulfilling one of his dreams.
After we both had cum a second time, we talked like we had known each other for years with me feeling like I was falling for Dan but trying not to raise my expectations. Not only was he cute, sexy, and personable with a sense of humor, he was loyal to his ex-girlfriend when he had two naked women that first time we met that might have had sex with him if he had only asked.
A little while later, I heard Liz's voice out in the living room and she sent me a text that she was leaving. I asked her to wait a few minutes for me and we'd go home together. Dan seemed disappointed that I was leaving but I wanted to go home with Liz. We exchanged phone numbers and he asked if he could see me again the following night and I agreed. He said he'd call me. I had my doubts that I'd hear from him again. It was possible that he was only trying to fuck me since he had seen me naked before but you never know.
On the way home, Liz and I swapped stories. She said she and Mike fucked twice also and it felt great because she hadn't had sex in a long time. She didn't know if she'd ever hear from him again either but she had a good time. I confided that I really liked Dan but didn't want to get my hopes up that anything would ever happen romantically.
The next day, I had some studying to do and errands to run while I anxiously waited to see if I'd hear from Dan. He did ask if we could go out again that night but in the back of my mind, I knew I might never hear from him again. The longer the day went on my anxiety grew as well as my disappointment that he hadn't called. I was beginning to think I was just an easy lay who got picked up in a bar for a quick fuck. Granted, it was great sex but I was feeling a little down.
Just when I had given up hope that I'd ever hear from Dan again, I got a text message from him around 4 PM, "Can I pick you up around 6 for dinner?"
I waited a few minutes before answering; I didn't want to seem too eager, "Yeah, that sounds good. Do you need my address?"
He responded, "LOL, I'll never forget where I delivered a pizza to two naked ladies. You should put on some clothes for dinner though, LOL."
I wanted to dress sexy but not slutty so I put on my favorite long sleeve, a deep V-neck drop-top shirt that showed off my ample breasts and cleavage along with a button front jean mini skirt.
When I opened the door for Dan, I was greeted with, "Wow, you look great."
I replied with a modest, "Thank you."
He then joked, "You know, this is the first time I've seen you answer the door with your clothes on."
Neither one of us had a lot of money so we ended up at a local sports bar. Over dinner and drinks, Dan shared that he was getting his MBA and would be graduating in May. I was pursuing a degree in business and would also graduate that spring. I wasn't sure about grad school yet. We shared a common interest in a variety of sports and music. The more we talked, the more comfortable I felt being with Dan. It was only our first real date but I was falling for him. He seemed to have a similar interest in me, or so I hoped. It was after dinner that our conversation drifted to sex and he admitted that he found it exciting when other men showed their appreciation for the woman he was with.
"I know it's strange but I don't get jealous when other guys check out my date. Like tonight, I've noticed several men looking at you. I don't blame them, you're a sexy woman."
"You know I'm not ashamed of my body and I like to show it off at times. I don't know if it's a confidence builder but I like when men find me attractive."
After dinner, Dan suggested we have another drink at the bar and encouraged me to let the men in the crowd see how sexy I was. He said a couple of guys had been checking me out most of the night and suggested that I show off my legs for them.
He even went so far as to suggest, "I bet they are wondering what color panties you're wearing."
I could feel a couple of guys checking me out as we walked towards the bar and left one leg on the floor when I climbed up onto the barstool. This allowed my short skirt to ride up, and with my legs spread a little, my powder blue panties were exposed for a brief moment. I made sure to keep my legs partially open, pretending not to know my panties could still be seen to those in the crowd.
Dan leaned in to whisper to me, "You are so darn sexy and you're all mine tonight."
I responded, "There are a couple of guys behind you that keep looking at my legs. Watch this."
He turned slowly so it wasn't obvious that he was looking at them and I slowly raised my leg, giving them a very clear view up my skirt, and crossed my leg over the other. It was obvious by the looks on their faces that they enjoyed the show. My skirt had moved further up my legs exposing more of my thighs to the patrons in the bar. I could tell Dan was enjoying the show I was giving the men in the crowd. I squirmed in my seat a few times, further exposing my panties. My pussy was getting more damp with each guy I flashed. Dan told me he was getting turned on too.
We planned on finishing our drinks and going back to my apartment afterward. When I was about halfway done with my drink, I excused myself to go to the ladies room. I was feeling a little frisky after having a few drinks and getting encouragement from Dan so I decided to get even bolder. When I got back to the bar, I put my hand in Dan's and he looked down with a grin. I handed him my panties. He turned to face the crowd so he could see the reaction when I sat down again.
I took a deep breath and climbed onto the barstool again in the same manner as before but this time I flashed my bare pussy to a few guys that had their eyes on me. The look on their faces was priceless. They were expecting to catch a glimpse of panties again but this time they got a show they'd never forget.
Dan told me, "Damn, Abby, you're my kind of girl."
I received some dirty looks from a couple of girls. I'm sure they were jealous of the attention I was getting but I didn't really care. I moved around in my chair a little more before we finished our drinks. Several men got one more look at my pussy as I climbed off the stool with me giving them a wink as we walked out.
Once we were safely outside, Dan and I started to laugh with him saying, "Did you see the look on their faces? I thought that one nerdy guy was going to have a heart attack. Damn, Abby, you almost killed him."
He then looked directly into my eyes and without saying another word, he leaned in to kiss me softly. My heart was fluttering. That kiss turned into a longer, more passionate kiss. Our mini-makeout session was interrupted by the arrival of our rideshare car. As I slid across the backseat, I made sure to give the driver a nice view up my skirt. His wide-eyed response let me know it was a successful flash. I was surprised when Dan's hand slid up my skirt to begin fingering my pussy in full view of our driver but neither one of us cared. It only drove our passion to a higher level.
The driver got a great view of what we were doing when he adjusted his rearview mirror so he could keep a watchful eye on us and turned his head at every stop. People in other cars got a quick view of the scene playing out in the backseat of our rideshare that night, especially when we stopped for a traffic signal, but we didn't care. The more people that saw us, the more turned on we got.
Dan took his finger out of my pussy and slid his hand up my shirt, lifting it in the process to expose my bra. His hand then found its way into my bra and lowered it exposing my breast. I thought the driver was going to crash when he saw me almost totally exposed. Dan and I were getting hotter by the second. I think we were both disappointed when the driver stopped the car outside my apartment. He watched intently as I straightened my clothes. I gave him one last peek at my pussy before exiting his car.
Dan and I were laughing hysterically causing him to inquire, "Did you see the look on his face? He almost crashed the car a couple of times."
"That's the power of the pussy, Dan."
We almost ran upstairs and quickly shed our clothes once we closed the door behind us. I dropped to my knees and began to suck Dan's erect cock, feasting on the hard meat in my mouth. I was like a hungry wild woman as I gave him a sloppy blow job, sucking sounds filling the room. After a few minutes, Dan led me over to the sofa, bent me over, and shoved his dick into me. He kept telling me what a hot, sexy woman I was which only fueled my need for him to keep fucking me hard. We weren't making love that night, we were straight out fucking. We were already attracted to each other, and my brazen display in the bar and our makeout session in the backseat of the rideshare car with the driver watching us drove us to stronger sexual desire for each other. Dan kept reliving our scenes as he was fucking me.
"You were so sexy in the bar tonight, Abby. Every guy in the place would gladly trade places with me right now. They all wanted to fuck you."
"That's what a cock tease does, Dan. I love making men want me. I love it."
"Our driver got an even better show, babe. He'll be jerking off tonight."
"I couldn't believe you did that to me, Dan. You got me so hot, I would have fucked you in the backseat if you wanted."
"I wanted to fuck you with him watching too, Abby. That would have been hot."
That made him fuck me harder and faster. I couldn't believe I found a guy that enjoyed showing me off as much I liked exposing myself. I was playing with my clit as he fucked me and played with my tits. The thought of fucking in the backseat while someone watched brought up fond memories with Ronny and his friends and I came to an intense orgasm almost at the same time as Dan filled my cunt with his cum.
After we regained our composure after our wild session of sex, Dan began asking me about other times I've exposed myself to men. I, naturally, wasn't going to tell him everything but I confessed to walking around naked in my dorm room and teasing some of the guys on my floor by walking around scantily clad at times. He already knew about me flashing delivery men and I told him that I walk around the apartment nude with the lights on at times, hoping to attract attention. There is no way I was going to reveal that I had my first bisexual experience with Trish after he delivered the pizza that first night or that we swapped partners with Joe and Greg or that I had a threesome with Joe and Walt. I thought about telling him about Ken fucking me while his roommate Mitch looked on but decided against it, after all, this was only our first date. I didn't want him to think I was a slut or something.
Dan told me he encouraged some of his former girlfriends to show more skin when they were out on dates but they resisted his requests. I was the first girl he found that embraced her sexuality and wasn't afraid to show off.
We sat around naked having a lengthy conversation about what we wanted to do with the rest of our lives and how we wanted to enjoy our last year in college before life got more serious. I was never able to talk to any guy about my hopes and dreams before. I was falling for Dan and falling fast. I hoped I wasn't setting myself up for disappointment. I always seemed to question things that were good in my life, expecting them to turn bad. We all have our faults though.
Dan and I became inseparable after that first date. We saw each other as often as we could between studying and working. I finally had a serious boyfriend, someone who was more than a fling or someone to party with. He even started introducing me as his girlfriend. Things didn't work out for Liz and Mike. They went out on a few dates but they both decided to see other people.
When Dan wasn't staying at my apartment, I was at his, so Mike and Liz got used to seeing us together a lot. While we were at Dan's place, he encouraged me to feel free to dress as scantily as I felt comfortable in front of Mike.
He told me, "Mike thinks you're sexy and I wouldn't mind if you gave him a show every now and then if you know what I mean."
I grinned and replied, "I know exactly what you mean."
With my boyfriend's approval, I began to be less concerned about how I dressed around his apartment. In the mornings, I started wearing only my tank top and panties in the morning when I stayed over. I received many appreciative stares from Mike as he watched me make breakfast while staring at my ass through my satin panties or seeing my nipples poking through my shirt. He tried to pretend he wasn't staring at me but men aren't as inconspicuous as they believe.
One time when I slept over, I took an early morning shower, and I usually walked from the bathroom to the bedroom with only a towel wrapped around me. More often than not, I began to encounter Mike in the hallway. He must have been waiting for me to finish so he could catch a glimpse of me in my towel. One morning, the towel "accidentally" came undone in front of him and he got an eyeful of my completely naked body. I feigned embarrassment while Mike picked up my towel. He took a few seconds to stare directly at my pussy and tits before handing it back to me. The bedroom was only a few feet away so I never bothered covering up again. I saw Mike's head turn to watch my naked ass as I walked away. Before entering the bedroom, I stopped to turn towards Mike, gave him a knowing smile, and closed the door behind me.
There were mornings when Dan would leave for class or work before me and I began to leave the bedroom door open a crack. On more than one occasion, I would look in the mirror and see Mike peeking in at me. Some women might think it was creepy but I was intentionally letting him see me in various states of dress and undress. There were times when I would bend over for him or play with my tits or pussy for a moment or two in order to give him a show. I knew he must have been masturbating quite often dreaming of me and that image also turned me on with Dan being the beneficiary. I would tell Dan exactly what I did to his roommate and we'd fuck like rabbits. I had a feeling Dan might have had this planned with Mike, letting him know it was okay, but I didn't care, it was fun for all involved. I was afraid I would ruin it for everyone if I confronted Dan with my suspicions.
I began to spend more nights at Dan's apartment and pretty soon, I was sleeping there more than at my own place. One evening when Dan and I were alone trying to decide what to do for dinner. We were going through the old, "I don't know what I want. What do you want?" routine when Dan suggested, "Why don't we order a pizza?"
He had a devilish smirk on his face and I knew exactly what he wanted. I readily agreed and he got on the phone to order a pizza from the place he used to work. We couldn't decide if he should be in the room when I answered the door or watch from a hidden place but he decided to get a front-row seat to my performance. About an hour later, there was a knock on the door shortly after I buzzed the delivery guy in and Dan seemed just as excited as me. It was nice to share my perversion with someone.
I will always get a thrill out of seeing the look on a guy's face when a naked lady opens the door; it's priceless. At first, it's like you woke someone from a trance as they were probably daydreaming and wanting to get onto the next delivery. When they see a naked woman with 36c tits and bald pussy standing before them, their facial expression turns from shock to joy. I like watching their eyes which usually start by looking at my tits then down my body to my pussy and up again to my face. When I invited him in to put the pizza on the dinette table, he willingly followed me but stopped in his tracks when he saw Dan.
Now it was my turn to be shocked when I heard Dan say, "Hey, George, I thought you quit that place."
"Hey, hi Dan. I went back a few nights a week. They needed some help and I was looking for a few extra bucks until school ends."
"This is my girlfriend, Abby. Abby, this is George."
"Nice to meet you, George."
"The pleasure is all mine, Abby."
George couldn't figure out what was going on but he was getting an eyeful of my naked body while he chatted with Dan. He was trying to look at Dan while they talked but his eyes kept darting over to check me out. It was really funny watching him struggle on where to look.
Dan tried to explain our situation by saying, "Abby, doesn't like to wear clothes around the apartment. I think she looks better without them anyway."
"I can't argue with that statement, Dan."
They talked for another minute before George left but not before getting one last look at my tits, pussy, and ass. Dan and I had a good laugh after he left. He was thrilled that I let him see George's reaction. We were both so turned on, we ended up in the bedroom, fucking wildly while our pizza got cold but we didn't care. We were young and having fun.
After having sex, I put on one of Dan's t-shirts that fit me like a short dress and he was only wearing his boxer briefs. When we sat down to eat our pizza, Dan inquired about any other things that turned me on or that I had already done.
"Well, I've been known to walk around my apartment naked with the curtains open and the lights on."
"Come on Abby, you already told me that. You're an adventurous woman, you must have done or thought about more than that."
Dan accepted my exhibitionism, so after some initial hesitation, I decided to tell him more. He could see that I was thinking it over and stared at me patiently waiting for a response.
"I kind of like being watched while having sex."
"Really? I take it, it's happened to you before then.
"Um, yes."
I had piqued his interest and he begged to know more details.
"Before I left for college, my boyfriend and I were up at a lover's lane and some of his friends came along and watched us through the car windows. At first, I was pissed off but the more they watched, the more turned on I got."
"Wow, Abby, that's hot. Were there any other times someone's watched you?"
"There was one more time when I fucked a guy in his dorm room when his friend pretended to be asleep in the next bed. I could see his eyes partially open watching us. Oh god, that was so hot. We put on a pretty good show for him too. The best part was I could see his hand moving underneath his sheets. The thought of a guy jerking off looking at me drives me wild. Just thinking about it gets me hot."
Dan showed me the lump in his underwear and replied, "Just hearing this story gets me going too."
We began to make out right there on the sofa, kissing and touching each other. Things were really beginning to heat up again.
When Dan slipped off the t-shirt I was wearing, I asked him, "Shouldn't we go into the bedroom?"
He replied, "No, let's do it right here."
"But isn't Mike going to be home any minute?"
"Yeah, he should be."
I started to say something but Dan kissed me again and it finally hit me, Dan wanted Mike to catch us fucking on the sofa. Who was I to object? So, we both got naked and I got down on my knees to blow my boyfriend, my heart racing waiting to hear the apartment door to open. Deep down I was disappointed that Mike was late coming back from class. Usually, he's like clockwork. It nervously excited me that he would likely catch us but I'd also be disappointed if he didn't.
A few moments after Dan laid me back on the sofa and began to fuck me with my legs wide open in the missionary position, I heard Mike fumbling with his keys outside the door. I started moaning in anticipation of what was about to happen. I turned my head and watched the doorknob turn, and heard the familiar squeaking of the door opening. When Mike came in, he stood there in shock at seeing his roommate fucking his girlfriend on the sofa. Dan and I were equally shocked when a friend of Mike's, Hank, walked in with him. Hank was pleasantly surprised as well.
Both guys stood in the doorway for a moment, not believing what they were witnessing, when Mike said, "Oh, sorry man, You should have let me know. We'll come back later."
Mike and his friend were about to leave when Dan said to them, "No, man, it's okay. Come on in. We don't mind, do we, Abby?."
I was in the throes of orgasm after being "caught" by Mike and his buddy and all I could do was mumble, "uh, huh," as I was cumming.
Both guys looked at each other and quickly closed the door. They stood frozen, watching us before they went to the kitchen to grab a couple of beers and sat at the island overlooking the living area. From their vantage point, they could see my wide open cunt getting drilled by Dan's cock. I could see their faces over his shoulder as they watched us having sex. I was thrilled beyond words to experience having an audience again.
Mike courteously inquired, "Do you want us to leave the room, Dan?"
"No, you're fine right where you are."
Dan turned things up a notch when he had me get on all fours facing the guys. I stood straight up so they could get a good look at my naked body before I repositioned myself on the sofa. I was looking at our guests as I felt my boyfriend reenter me. My tits began to flop back and forth as Dan fucked me hard. My pussy was on fire as I came to another raging orgasm. I've always enjoyed being seen naked but having someone watch me as I was getting fucked was ten times as good.
I could hear Mike and Hank making comments like, "Damn, she really likes to fuck," and "Look at those tits. They're better than I imagined."
When Dan was about to cum, he made me turn around so he could finish off in my mouth. In this position, my butt was sticking up in the air towards Mike and Hank but my head was turned sideways so they could see his dick in my mouth. Dan was fucking my mouth while I used my tongue to help him cum. He held my head firmly and lunged forward, shooting a couple of wads of cum into my mouth, then pulling out to splash my face with a couple of more. He stuffed his cock back into my mouth so I could suck him dry.
When he was done cumming, Dan had me face his friends and asked, "Doesn't Abby look beautiful, boys?"
Mike replied, "She looks absolutely lovely, Dan."
Hank joined in, "Abby, looks gorgeous."
I wiped the cum off my face with Dan's t-shirt then went into the bathroom to clean up. In a show of some modesty, I put on another of Dan's shirts. On my way back to the living room, I heard Dan telling the guys that we wanted to get caught having sex, it was a fantasy of his to be watched and I was gracious to play along. Hank commented that it sure looked like I was enjoying myself and Mike chimed in that I was a bit of an exhibitionist so he wasn't totally surprised. Both volunteered to watch anytime we wanted an audience. Dan made them promise not to tell anyone or it may never happen again.
I made some noise before I entered the room, then the guys got silent. I pretended I didn't overhear anything and tried to act like nothing happened but I could feel Mike's and Hank's eyes following me around the room. I think they were hoping the show wasn't over yet and when they realized nothing more was going to happen, Hank decided to leave and Mike went to bed.
When we were finally alone, Dan said, "Abby, that was really fun. The looks on their faces when they opened the door was amazing. We had some great sex too. It was wild. I bet Mike is in his room right now rubbing one out and once Hank gets home, he will be too."
"I just hope they don't think I'm some kind of tramp or something. They better not tell anyone."
"I told them I'd kill them if they said anything."
While I had a great sexual experience, I couldn't help but wonder if it was a mistake. I didn't want our mutual friends to think less of me because of my sexual desires. On the other hand, I was a free spirit who enjoyed sex in different ways. I was a young coed enjoying life. I decided I was going to live life to its fullest before things got serious after graduation. If other people were going to judge me, then they could go fuck themselves while I'm having fun.
The next morning, both Dan and I had late classes so I slept in. When I got up, Mike and Dan were talking in the living room before Mike left for his classes. Over breakfast, we had a chance to talk more about the previous night and how we both enjoyed having an audience. It turned Dan on knowing his friends were envious of him and he knew they were hoping I'd fuck them too.
"I know how guys are. I think knowing that they want to do some nasty things with me is what turns me on so much. That, and knowing a guy is jerking off in his room dreaming about my body is what really gets my juices flowing."
"For them, it was a live sex show, better than watching porn, except they weren't jerking off while watching. Would it have bothered you if they would have jerked off last night?"
"No, it wouldn't have bothered me but I'm not falling for that one again."
"Again? What do you mean?"
I was thinking, "Oh shit. Me and my big mouth. How do I get out of this one?"
"Oh, nothing."
"No. What did you mean by not falling for that again?"
Dan was pretty open-minded about my sexual desires and past so I decided to open up to him even more. I was contemplating how to word this and he kept staring at me while I was thinking so I figured I'd just tell him straight out.
"I confided in my last boyfriend how I liked to be watched and he brought in a friend to the bedroom to observe. I ended up having sex with both of them even though he swore that wouldn't happen."
Dan stared at me for a moment, I think he thought I was joking at first. I got worried that he was going to be pissed off. Maybe being so open about my sexual past wasn't such a good idea after all. When he realized I was serious, he got a smile on his face.
"You had a threesome with two guys?"
I nodded, "Yes."
"Did you like it?"
I shrugged my shoulders and replied, "Um, I guess I did."
I was already revealing one of my deep, dark secrets and I didn't want to tell him I enjoyed it so much that I fucked them both twice that night and that's when I lost my anal virginity. I could see that his mind was processing or maybe imagining what I had done that night.
"I think that is so hot, Abby, maybe we could go into the bedroom and you could tell me all about it."
"Gee, I don't know, Dan. Are you sure you won't get jealous?"
"I let guys see you naked and we've fucked in front of my friends without me getting jealous. It's turning me on just thinking about it."
He leaned back in his chair and showed me the erection in his underwear. So, I figured, why not. I'm up for some morning sex. I told him most of the details of that night. Dan liked the idea of me wearing sexy lingerie in front of my ex-boyfriend's buddy and how I let his friend touch my breasts before watching me give my ex-boyfriend a blowjob.
Dan told me, "You should have known that once you all got naked in the bedroom that you'd end up fucking both guys."
"To be honest, I kind of figured that out long before then but once my boyfriend started fucking me in front of his friend, I wanted to have sex with his friend too. I just wish he would have asked me before he stepped aside and let his friend take his place."
I then told Dan how we all stayed naked on the bed and how we all fucked again and that's when I was double penetrated. When I was done with my story, Dan fucked me hard and fast. It was a morning quickie and we both had orgasms.
After we were done having sex, Dan asked, "It sounds like you had a darn good time that night. Is it something you'd want to do again?"
"Is it something you'd want me to do?"
"Hell, yeah, Abby."
"So you wouldn't mind seeing another man's dick in my mouth or in my pussy?"
"It wouldn't bother me a bit. Just hearing about it got me hot."
"None of this was planned, so I guess it would have to happen under the right circumstances."
From that day on, Dan seemed obsessed with me telling him about my threesome with me adding more details each time I relived my experience. I knew he wanted to have a three-way with me but I wasn't sure I wanted to go down that road. Part of me felt used by Joe and Walt that night, especially after Joe broke up with me. I was really falling for Dan and I didn't want to be another guy's college party girl. Even though I wouldn't have minded bringing another person into our bedroom, I still wanted to be cautious. Mike was the obvious person to party with but I wasn't sure it was a good idea with me practically living there and seeing him every day.
I felt better about my relationship with Dan as the fall semester came to a close and we faced the prospect of being apart for the winter break. He invited me to come to his parent's home to meet them. I planned on going there for the week after Christmas so we could be together on New Year's Eve. I was elated to meet his family because it meant I wasn't just some girl to party with that will get dumped when school ends.
When I got to Dan's parent's house I was naturally nervous. I knew his parents would be judging me so I made sure I was on my best behavior and modestly dressed. I wore a sexy, little black dress for the New Year's Eve party that Dan and I were going to and I think his dad appreciated my attire. I saw him checking out my legs and cleavage but I dressed up for Dan's benefit.
After we kissed at midnight, Dan looked me in the eyes and said, "Abby, I've been afraid to say something sooner, but..."
My heart momentarily sank wondering if there was bad news coming with those fears extinguished when he continued, "I love you, Abby. I can't imagine life without you."
A tear of pure happiness rolled down my cheek as I replied, "I love you too, Dan."
No guy had ever said that to me before, at least when they weren't fucking me. This was now the most serious relationship I had ever been in. I felt this way a long time ago but no one wants to be the first person to say those words out of fear of rejection or out of fear it would scare them off. The new year got off to a glorious start. When we got back home that night, we made love in his bed; a soft, gentle session between two people that loved each other.
New Year's Day is a traditional big college football day and we had plans for me to meet one of Dan's best friends going back to grade school, Paul. Paul's girlfriend had just dumped him before the holidays and we were going over to his place to watch a football game or two. I was so happy Dan was introducing me to his family and friends, it didn't matter that we'd be watching football most of the day.
As we were getting ready, Dan told me, "Wear something sexy. I want Paul to see how gorgeous you are."
I wanted to be comfortable too so I decided to wear a pair of black, super tight, low rise leggings with a dark blue thong. They followed every curve of my ass including hugging my butt crack, it was like they were painted on me. I made sure they showed a whale tail to highlight the fact I was wearing a thong. At Dan's urging, I wore a white crop top without a bra that allowed just a hint of my brown areola to show through and he gave me one of his sports jerseys to wear over it so I wasn't too obvious, especially to his parents before we left the house. I knew, at some point, I'd be expected to take the jersey off at Paul's house and show off. After we told each other that we were in love, I would have done anything for Dan. I finally had someone who truly cared for me despite all of my faults and shared some of the same sexual fantasies as me. What more could a girl want?
When we got to Paul's house, I was pleasantly surprised at how similar he looked to Dan. He was tall, brown hair, brown eyes with an athletic build. Like most guys, I saw his eyes give me the once over but the jersey hid most of my figure.
When I commented that Paul and Dan could be related, Dan jokingly responded, "Yeah, we tell people were brothers from different mothers."
It was an old, corny joke but appropriate. I simply rolled my eyes but we all got a good laugh too. It helped break the ice.
Paul commented, "Wow, Abby, you're beautiful, too beautiful for Dan."
There was some playful banter between them before we sat down to enjoy the day. We started drinking during the pregame show and the party continued with us passing a bong around as we drank and watched the first game. We would also drink a shot of Tequila every time their favorite team scored. I felt right at home and there was plenty of friendly banter going back and forth between Dan and Paul as old friends will do. I knew Dan wanted me to show off and tease his friend and by halftime, I was feeling comfortable enough with Paul to make a move. I decided to try a provocative question that I knew would get things started.
"Is it me, or is it hot in here?" I asked, waving my hand on the side of my face.
Paul looked at Dan and replied, "It's definitely you, Abby. You are definitely hot."
Dan quickly agreed so I coyly asked, "Do you mind if I take off my jersey? I'm roasting."
With the encouragement of both men, I took the bottom of the jersey and pulled it over my head, revealing my white crop top that clung tightly to my ample, 36c breasts, and showed off just a hint of my dark brown areola.
Paul, feeling emboldened by the alcohol and pot, commented, "Damn, Abby, you were hiding a nice pair of tits under your jersey."
He quickly apologized, fearing he may have been too outspoken but Dan responded, "I told you she had a nice rack."
"You weren't kidding, dude."
My pussy started getting warm hearing the reviews of my breasts and my first thought was, "Paul hasn't even gotten a good look at my ass yet."
I offered to get the next round of beers from the fridge so I leaned over to get the empty cans, knowing Paul was stealing glances down my shirt but that was my plan. When I walked over to the fridge, I could feel two sets of eyes staring at my ass so I made sure to give it a little extra motion and glanced over my shoulder as I entered the kitchen to let them know I knew they were checking me out. My leggings fit so tightly that they crept into the crack of my ass and showed the outline of my thong underneath and my whale tail showed above the waistband. I was proud to have an appreciative, private audience.
Paul has a small apartment and the kitchenette was in clear view of where the guys were sitting. I made sure to bend over looking into the fridge for the beer. When I bent over, I knew the fabric of my leggings would be stretched thin, allowing the boys to see through them, not that there was much left to see. Paul told me the colder beers were in the back of the lower shelf which made me bend further and I took my sweet time too. I could also feel my nipples getting hard from the cold air that I knew the guys would notice.
While I still had my back turned, I heard the guys roar over a touchdown during the game, and I mischievously, shook one of the cans of beer before I walked back into the living room with three beers in my hands and my braless tits bouncing as I walked. I saw Paul's eyes lock onto my tits with my nipples poking out of my shirt.
When I got to the living room, I leaned over, proudly displaying my breasts as I poured the guys their beers. I then stood straight up and opened my beer and it, predictably, splattered all over me, wetting my white crop top, leaving it completely see-through. I feigned shock despite everything working out exactly as I planned. Paul and Dan's eyes were staring at my exposed breasts.
When Paul went to get some towels to clean up the mess, Dan told me, "That was a nice trick you pulled off there; well played."
"I don't know what you're talking about. It was a complete accident."
I then gave Dan a coy smile. I knew he was pleased by my actions. Paul came back with some towels and handed me one while staring directly at my exposed breasts through my now transparent top. I pretended to be embarrassed while proclaiming I had no idea what went wrong.
I wanted to change out of my beer-soaked shirt stating, "Dan, can you hand me the jersey?"
"I don't know Abby, I kind of like seeing you the way you are."
Both guys were practically drooling overseeing me almost naked from the waist up. I was also loving the attention I was receiving as they completely forgot about the football game. I was drunk, high, and horny, wondering where all this was leading.
Dan had my other jersey in his hands and said, "As long as we've already seen your tits, why don't you just leave your shirt on or even better, why don't you just take it off? I'm sure Paul wouldn't mind, would you buddy?"
"Heck no, I wouldn't mind at all."
I looked at Dan, knowing what this would lead to, and asked in a couple's code, "Are you sure you want me to do this?"
"Yes, Abby, I'm positive."
I was standing there with two cute guys staring at my tits. I shrugged my shoulders and figured if this is what Dan wanted, who was I to argue. The day was about to take an exciting turn and I love showing off anyway. I grasped the bottom of my top and ever so slowly pulled it over my head, gradually letting my naked breasts come into view in front of my eager, two-person audience. It was an exhilarating feeling being naked from the waist up in front of them. This was more than flashing a delivery man, that would be over in a couple of minutes. After I took off my top, I had no idea if or when I'd put it back on. I could tell by the look on Paul's face that he wanted more than to look at my tits. That observation was confirmed when he had to adjust his dick in his pants because of his growing erection.
No one was saying anything and it felt a little weird just standing there letting the guys stare at my half-naked body, so I asked Dan, "Is that all you want me to take off?"
I knew the answer to my question which Dan confirmed by saying, "Oh, baby, you know I like it when you show off."
Paul simply sat back, not knowing what to say but obviously thrilled with the possibility of me stripping off my leggings. I think Dan may have told him about our love of exhibitionism, after all, they were life-long friends but it didn't really matter at that point. He was going to sit back and enjoy the show. I'm sure part of him couldn't believe his luck.
The guys were giving me their undivided attention when I slipped my finger inside the waistband of my leggings and started to pull them down towards my hips, revealing the thin straps of my thong. Paul probably thought this was only a practical joke, that there was no way I was going to continue but I was too horny to pass up this opportunity to exhibit myself in front of two hot men. When I got my leggings down to my hips, I turned around to reveal the top of my butt crack and slowly let the rest of my ass come into view. I then bent over in front of them to pull the rest of my leggings down and off my legs.
With only my thong keeping me from being totally nude, I did a slow pirouette and after I did a complete turn, I bounced my tits for them and asked, "How's this boys?"
Paul replied, "Damn, Abby, you have a gorgeous body. I mean, your tits are fabulous and your ass is out of this world."
Dan added, "You know I love your body dear, but you're still wearing your thong; it kind of seems out of place, don't you think so Paul?"
"Oh, it definitely looks out of place, Dan. I couldn't agree with you more."
"Tsk, you guys are never satisfied."
Dan responded, "Well, I think there's a way we can be satisfied," and he began to chuckle.
"You're such a pig, Dan."
I impulsively walked up to Paul and asked, "Would you like to do the honors?"
I was standing right in front of him; I know he wanted to strip off my thong for me but, not wanting to get his best friend angry, he looked over at Dan for his approval. Dan gave him a nod so Paul looked up at me, silently making sure I was really okay with this and I responded with a wink and a smile. Dan sat back watching attentively as all of this unfolded. He was enjoying this as much, if not more than I. Paul slowly reached out and began to tug at the straps of the top of my thong. When I felt his fingers touch my hips, it was like a bolt of electricity shot through my body. From his seated position, he got a close up look as my bare pussy slowly came into view, his face coming within a fraction of an inch of me as he slid my thong down my legs. When he had them completely off, he swallowed hard as he looked up at me, his face flush with excitement, my thong in his hand.
Dan slid over closer to Paul on the sofa and had me take a step closer between them. I was naked and feeling very vulnerable. Dan scanned my nude body and told me how lovely I looked and started to trace his hands over me. I started to melt to his touch. He began to lightly touch my breasts under the watchful eye of Paul. Pulling me a little closer, Dan started to kiss and suck on my nipples, then motioned to Paul to do the same. Paul slowly brought his lips to my other nipple, seemingly waiting for me to object. When I didn't stop him, I felt his warm lips engulf my breast and begin to suck on it. My knees almost buckled in sheer pleasure as the feeling of having both breasts sucked on at the same time sent a shockwave of pleasure directly to my pussy.
Paul's hand began to grasp my ass cheek while Dan had one hand on my other cheek as he slid the other up between my legs. He found my pussy soaking wet as he started to finger fuck me. I knew where this was leading but I wanted to hear approval from my boyfriend who just told me he loved me the night before.
"What do you want me to do, Dan?"
"I think you know what I want you to do, Abby."
"But, I want to hear it from you."
"I want you to suck and fuck Paul while I watch, then I want to fuck you."
After getting the confirmation I wanted, I placed my right leg up on the cushion of the sofa, silently inviting Paul to lick me. He first fondled both of my breasts before running his hands all over my naked torso and legs. He then leaned in to begin kissing and licking my pussy. I kept looking over at Dan who was loving being a silent voyeur. I wanted to please my lover by satisfying his best friend's sexual desires.
Paul licked my pussy for a short time before suggesting, "Let's take this party into the bedroom where we have more room."
He took me by the hand and led me to his bedroom where I laid back on his bed and watched my two lovers quickly undress with both sporting huge erections. Paul joined me on the bed and began where he left off, licking my hot cunt. I moaned as she brought me to an orgasm. I kept looking at Dan so he could see the look of pleasure on my face as his friend ate my pussy.
It was now my turn to sexually satisfy Paul and I began by sucking his dick, making sure my boyfriend got a great view of his friend's dick sliding in and out of my mouth. I made sure to give him a good, sloppy blow job with the sounds of my slurping on his dick filling the room. When I felt him gently lifting my head off his dick, I knew it was time for us to fuck. I laid on my back and spread my legs wide, offering Paul my pussy.
I looked directly at my boyfriend and said, "Fuck me good and hard, Paul. Dan wants to see you give me a good fucking."
"Don't worry, Abby, it's been a few months since I've had sex and I plan on giving you a fucking you won't forget."
Paul spread my legs wide and lifted them over his shoulder. I felt his hard dick poking at the entrance to my pussy, then felt it slide in as we both moaned loudly.
"Damn, Abby, you've got one hot pussy."
He started to slowly fuck me at first, relishing in the feeling of my hot, wet flesh surrounding his dick before gradually picking up the pace. I kept my eyes fixed on Dan as his best friend gave my pussy a good pounding. I could tell he was enjoying the show and he knew I liked him watching us. My breasts began to bounce the harder he pummeled my pussy. I wanted Dan to enjoy me getting fucked by his best friend so I began to verbalize how I felt.
"Oh, Paul, fuck me, baby. Give it to me good and hard. Dan wanted to see me having sex so fuck me hard. Oh, your dick feels so good in my pussy. I'm so horny, fuck me, Paul."
While that made it even more enjoyable for Dan, it also brought Paul closer to cumming. He then asked if he could fuck my tits. I wanted to give him an evening to remember so I readily agreed. I've had a few guys want a titty fuck because of my full, round breasts so it wasn't anything unexpected. Paul withdrew from my pussy and placed his dick between my breasts while I squeezed my fleshy mounds around it. He began to rhythmically thrust himself between my tits, stopping every so often to let me suck on the tip.
When Paul began to breathe and moan faster I knew his orgasm was imminent. He reached out to lift my head and I instinctively opened my mouth wide. He shot the first wad which splashed onto my forehead and face, catching only a little in my mouth. Another wad splattered on my face, then Paul stuffed his dick in my mouth allowing me to suck him dry.
"That was fantastic, Abby. You are one hot lady. Thanks for sharing your girlfriend, Dan."
"What are you thanking him for? I'm the one that fucked you," I responded with a chuckle.
"Sorry, Abby. Thank you for the great sex."
"That's better," I said with a smile.
Before Paul could respond, Dan climbed on the bed and positioned himself between my legs, and entered me. Now it was Paul that was watching me getting fucked. I don't know why it turns me on so much to have an audience when I'm naked or having sex. It touches something in my brain that makes me horny and it makes the sex even better. Maybe it's because I know men like to see naked women and if they like porn, seeing the action, live, in-person is that much better. That's how I felt that evening taking on Dan and Paul individually. I felt like a porn star. Truth be told, I was so horny that day, I probably would have fucked a roomful of men if Dan had asked. I still had Paul's cum on my face too so I felt extra slutty while Dan was pounding my pussy.
It didn't take Dan long to feel his impending orgasm and he wanted to add to the collection of Paul's cum on my face. He copied his friend's actions and began to titty fuck me before splattering my face with his cum then making me swallow the last couple of wads.
When he was done cumming, Dan told me, "Baby, that was incredible. You're the sexiest woman alive, Abby."
Paul added, "You sure are sexy, Abby. Dan is one lucky guy. I'm jealous."
I knew that's what Dan wanted to hear. He liked the fact that other men found me desirable and it made me more desirable to him knowing they were envious of him. They went out into the living room while I took a shower. When I looked in the mirror, I had cum all over my face and lips, on my neck and tits, and in my hair. I really did look like a slut but I had a great fucking time.
Dan and Paul ended up fucking me two more times each that night, sometimes alone and sometimes together. They double penetrated me and spit-roasted me at times. I couldn't get enough dick and they couldn't get enough of my mouth, pussy, and ass. The nice thing was that it took them longer to cum each time they fucked me. By the end of the night, I was exhausted. My pussy and ass were irritated and my jaw muscles were tight.
If that's how my New Year started, I wondered what the rest of the year would be like.