Tara and Kelly were on the floor in Kelly's bedroom, naked. They had spent the last hour making love, which had begun on Kelly's bed, kissing passionately with open mouths, tongues entwining, taking turns kneading and mouthing each other's breasts, rolling in each other's arms. Like gentle wrestlers, though at times not so gentle, they sprawled themselves on each other, first this way, then the opposite, upside-down and right-side up, laughing as their actions finally brought them crashing to the floor. They pulled each other's hair and ground their pussies into one another, moaning in the ecstasy that created. Kelly buried her tongue in Tara's shaved pussy, licking all around the opening before pushing deep inside her wetness. As her climax built, Tara decided not to give in to it, but enjoy the exquisiteness of its delay, and maneuvered Kelly off her and onto her back. Tara got between her legs and pushed them back exposing her hairless pussy and smooth-as-silk sphincter directly to her face. She licked her pussy and then moved to her asshole, bathing it with her whole appendage before thrusting it through.
For their final acts, begun after they had reached a fever-pitch of desire and passion, they first took turns peeing on each other, soaking one another, then licking it off. And then, with absolute wild abandon, shitting, first Tara on Kelly's breasts, and then Kelly on Tara's lower belly. Whenever they included scat in their love-making, which was frequently, Tara and Kelly always regarded it as the greatest satisfaction, thepiece de resistanceof their sexual activity. To them it was the ultimate act of devotion. When they had finished defecating, they lovingly spread their deposits over each other, kissing and rubbing themselves into each other, with tender care and loving attention. Both girls loved the feel of the shit being spread on their skin, like a creamy lotion. It was then that they scissored their legs together, Tara mainly on top providing most of the pressure, and brought each other to climax.
They lay against each other slowly ebbing like the tide from their orgasms, talking softly, caressing each other still in the shit they had produced. Suddenly there was a light knock on the door.
"Jay?" Kelly asked.
"Yeah, it's me. Can I come in?"
Told he could, he opened the door and saw the two girls spread out on the plastic-protected floor. He had seen them like this often enough in the past, had sat right next to them sharing and adding his own contribution to the mess, and he instantly became aroused seeing them now. So gorgeous, he thought, so hot.
"I waited until it sounded like the coast was clear. I'm not interrupting, I hope. Though if you'd like some company...."
"Normally, that would be great, Jay," interrupted Tara. "But we need you for later."
"Ah, no turning back, then," he replied."
"Not at all," said Tara. "We're getting ready right now. Today's the day."
"You're not going to back out, are you Jay?" asked Kelly.
"No way. I'm ready and raring to go."
The two girls had a very sexy and audacious plan they hoped to carry out, which would occur in a very public place that afternoon. They loved engaging in scat not just for its tremendous sensual appeal, but because of the power charge it gave to their libidos. But there was also an exhibitionist side to them, and the thought of appearing in public smeared in their scat, though it be hidden beneath their clothes, filled them with intrigue and danger. Walking literally along that fine line between concealment and detection would be beyond thrilling for them.
Basically, their plan was this: over their mostly shit-covered bodies, which they were then preparing in Kelly's bedroom, they would wear a zippered hoodie and a pair of sweat pants, nothing else (except sandals on their feet); Jay would drive them to the park nearby, and then the girls would stroll off in one direction, Jay in the other. Tara and Kelly would intermingle amongst other park visitors, just two young women enjoying the day. Would they be noticed? Would their somewhat familiar but unexpected smell be detected? Questioned? Looked at in disgust? Or would they be ignored? Perhaps noted, but politely disregarded?
At the back of the park was a large wooded area, and this is where Jay, coming in from a different direction, would meet up with them. If all went as planned, they would all then strip naked, Jay would defecate on them, and hopefully they would all have sex somehow. Circumstances that day would determine this last stage, but it would be the culminating act they all looked forward to achieving. There would be danger, but the thrill if it all would be much greater. The whole idea, the more they hashed it out, became so enthralling for them, such a mixture of excitement and risk, it was hard for them to contain themselves.
Tara and Kelly had concocted this scheme a week earlier while walking in the park after lunch, had scouted it out, concluding it could be accomplished, with a little bit of luck. They were amused at how the idea expanded the more they explored the scene in person. At first they thought they would just cover their torsos and breasts with shit and walk through the park, a fairly large expanse of green grass and walking trails, at a decent pace in jeans and a blouse. Then they added smearing shit on their faces and in their hair, substituting a hoodie for the blouse. And then when they saw the woods, that whole scenario blossomed, with them first just getting naked if they could, and then exploded when they thought to add Jay to it.
The plan excited them so, it was all they could talk about for the rest of that explorative afternoon. When they made love later that evening, which included scat, obviously, they became so overtaken by the sensations they were producing smearing and covering each other in brown luxuriousness that they came multiple times and were forced to stop only because they literally could hardly move anymore, they were so exhausted. It had been one of their best times together ever. The thrill they had thinking about pulling this off was incredible.
As they completed their preparations in Kelly's bedroom, they were especially focused on massaging the shit onto their skin deeply so it would be less likely to seep through their clothes, even though their hoodies and sweat pants were thickly padded, and perhaps be less smelly. For their final touch, they wiped their hands on each other's face and hair, not a lot, but enough to be noticed. Only their feet were spared, needing to wear sandals that wouldn't slip-slide off in the mess as they walked. When they finished, they washed their hands and then began to get dressed. It felt weird at first putting their sweat pants and hoodies on over their dirty bodies, but then it became much more sensual and entrancing. On this warm-in-the-sun, cool-in-the-shade late summer afternoon, their attire wouldn't be out of place.
As the girls put the finishing touches on dressing, Jay, wearing jeans and a tee shirt, arranged a protective painter's drop cloth over the back seat of his car and waited. He also checked his trunk and retrieved a fairly large beach towel, which he placed rolled up on the passenger seat. Shortly, the girls emerged from the condo and got in the car. The smell wasn't as strong as he thought it would be, and almost disappeared when he lowered a few windows.
They got to the park, and it was as crowded as they expected. A youth soccer match was taking place in one section that had drawn quite a crowd, and a goodly number of people were out and about enjoying the fine weather. Kelly said she and Tara would circle through the park to the left, and Jay should do the same along a trail off to the right. They reminded him to take the towel with him, and that they would meet in the woods in about a half-hour. And off they went.
Tara and Kelly weren't going to do anything to purposely draw attention to themselves that would get them in trouble, but they weren't going to try to be invisible, either. Their hoodies hid the shit in their hair and disguised their faces for the most part, though when no one was around, they would pull the hoods off. They passed people walking in the opposite direction, and drew attention only a few times, and then only briefly. They were so accustomed to the smell of their own shit from having engaged in so many scat sessions that it was hard for them to gage just how obvious it might be to others. They grew more brazen as time went on, though, and more giddy, joking and laughing with each other. Tara had a quart-size freezer bag in her hoodie pouch half-filled with shit. When definitely no one else was around, she took it out and pulled out a piece of a log and put it in Kelly's mouth while she playfully resisted. She was laughing so hard it almost fell out on the ground. But then Tara put her lips to Kelly's and kissed her, and for a few seconds they shared the turd.
Once, just before they reached the woods, with her back to the crowd in the distance, Kelly unzipped her hoodie and took a small handful of shit from the bag and wiped it on her breasts, refreshing the poop that was already there. Then she took her hand and put it down her pants and massaged the shit into her pussy. Seeing this Kelly stood behind her and put her hand down Tara's pants to her pussy as well, putting her finger inside of her. This made Tara squirm and grab Kelly's hand and they thought their actions were getting too irrepressible and they had better stop. They wiped their hands off on the inside of their hoodies and entered the woods.
The trail they had been following continued into the woods for several hundred yards until it finally ended. Off to the right they could see Jay waving at them, and they walked over to him.
"I see you haven't been arrested yet," he kidded. "That's good."
Kelly pulled the zipper of her hoodie down, spread it open, and facing Jay said, "Want to suck my tits? That shit is nice and fresh, thanks to Tara."
"Did she shit on them again?" he asked, somewhat amazed, as if trying to figure out how they managed that feat in the open field.
"Not quite. But almost as good." Jay made a move as if to place his lips on her tits, but Kelly turned away and covered them again, laughing. "Pretty soon, but not yet." Then to Tara she asked, "Remember where we said we'd go for this last part?"
"Yeah," Tara answered. "It was back over in that direction, where those trees are."
They all began hiking toward the trees. They were quite a distance from either trail and very isolated.
They looked around to make sure no one was there, and then Tara said, "Fuck, I've got to get out of these clothes," and she unzipped her hoodie, took it off, and then pushed her sweat pants down. Jay took the towel and spread it out on the ground; it was just big enough for the three of them to lie on (this he knew for a fact having spent time making love with them on it in the past). Both girls were naked by the time he had the towel ready, and they knelt on it and hugged each other. Jay tore his tee shirt off, dropped his jeans, and joined them on the towel. They threw their arms around him, and he was instantly smeared with their shit. Finally! he thought, as he rubbed his body fiercely into theirs, relishing the sensation of their shit sliding over him. He made sure to suck Kelly's tits, circling his tongue all around her nipples; there was no longer any resistance from her.
"Come on, Jay," Tara said shortly. "We don't have an awful lot of time for this, so if you're going to shit, now's the time. You tell us how you want us."
"I think I'll just kneel and you both can kneel behind me and I'll shit in your hands; I'm sure I'll fill them up. You're both so covered in shit already, maybe you can just smear it all over me."
"Okay, I can give you a blow job," Kelly said, "and I can eat your ass," added Tara. They got into position and the girls took turns licking his asshole until the tip of a log became present. All three of them felt enraptured and emboldened beyond belief at their actions, somewhat protected from public scrutiny yet certainly exposed to it. It was doubtful, but there was no guarantee someone might not pop up at any moment just out for a walk. They almost felt invincible, however, and the thrill and power that surged through them had them soaring. Jay pushed and the turd descended rapidly out of him and into Kelly's hands; a second turd emerged right afterward, and Tara saw it pile up in her cupped hands. Both logs were creamy but not too soft and felt mushy and very sensuous to the touch.
When he was done Tara began spreading his shit across his ass and into his crack. Kelly, meanwhile, crawled around in front of him and took his cock in her shitty hands. She bathed his member in his creamy poop and then put it in her mouth. She sucked him, his slightly bitter and nutty tasting shit filling her mouth until it started to dribble out of her blackened lips. Jay held her head gently and sighed with pleasure. Tara finished rubbing his shit into his ass and then spread his cheeks wide apart and aimed her tongue for his asshole. She forced her tongue through his sphincter and inside of him as far as she could. Both girls were in ecstasy, exalted by the thrill their actions were causing. Jay felt like a king, king of the world, in fact, and who could blame him?
"Lie down, Kelly, on your front and let me fuck your ass. Tara, come around front and I'll shoot my load in your mouth." Kelly took one last deep suck on his cock and turned around onto her stomach, just slightly raising her ass upwards on her knees. Tara straddled Kelly's back in a 69 position and placed her mouth over her ass. Jay slid his cock up Kelly's ass after Tara sucked it a few times. He fucked Kelly hard, causing her to moan as her climax approached. Jay felt her ass wall grip his cock as she came, and a second later he withdrew his cock and shoved it in Tara's mouth. He burst as soon as her lips grabbed him and shot his cum into her to the back of her throat. Tara held his cum in her mouth until she was able to kiss Kelly and share it with her.
Although they all would have rather just collapsed into a heap together on the towel, they knew they didn't have that luxury this time. They put their clothes back on, chattering away quietly, very pleased and happy with themselves and each other. Jay wiped his arms and lips off with the towel, the girls their hands and faces, before rolling it up. They made their way to the trail the girls had come in on and followed it back across the open field. The soccer match had ended so there were fewer people milling about, but enough to keep them at least a little on guard. They joked about how they looked and smelled and had their arms around each other for most of the time, laughing. They all became less and less self-conscious of being covered in shit beneath their clothes, and if anyone else noticed, no one said anything. They reached the car without incident and got in, and everyone hooped and hollered in intense joy and congratulated one another on an adventure well-executed. It had really been sensational.
On the way to Kelly's condo they passed the Silver Coin Diner and Jay joked if anyone was hungry and wanted to stop in and grab a bite to eat.
"Yeah, sure," said Tara, laughing. "You think they'll give us a table front and center?"
Jay responded, "Shit, in two minutes we could have any table in the place we wanted!"