Last month for Chaz's Birthday, I had given him one of his fantasies. He had wanted to be teased, and fucked by several women while tied to a bed.
We had decided to do a fantasy a month and alternate until we had fulfilled all our fantasies.
This month was my turn and we had set the date as tomorrow, which was a Saturday.
Chaz and I had shared many fantasies over the past seven years of our marriage so I was not sure which one he was going to do first. We did not want to know because the anticipation is part of the thrill.
I will have to admit it was not easy watching other women fuck and suck Chaz but I love him and he loves me. It also very well may have opened a new fantasy that I have yet to share with him and it involves having sex with another woman.
During his fantasy, Pam had licked and sucked my pussy to an intense orgasm. I had also touched another woman's breast. I now wondered what it would be like to have complete and total sex with another woman. Oh well, maybe down the road.
Chaz had been very secretive about tomorrow and I was antsy with curiosity.
I woke up early the next morning and Chaz was still asleep.
I crawled out of bed and went to the bathroom then went to the kitchen. I did not slip on a robe as I normally do and decided to get into the flow of the day by being completely naked. Chaz likes it when I run around the house naked. He especially likes it when I clean the house in the nude.
I made a pot of coffee and the aroma must have woke him up.
"Good morning Babe," He said rounding the corner from the hallway. He too was completely naked which in the morning was not all that abnormal for him. His big dick was waggling in front of him.
"Good morning Hon," I replied as he walked over to me and gave me a morning kiss.
He poured a cup of coffee and asked me, "Ready for a big day?"
"I barely slept last night wondering what you had planned today."
"You are going to love it," He replied.
"When do we get started?" I asked.
"Tonight, be ready and dressed sexy at seven," He replied with a grin.
"So, we're going somewhere?" I asked hedging for some hint.
"I know what you are trying to do and it won't work. Just be ready at seven and looking sexy," He said shaking his finger at me.
He then walked around the corner and I watched his sexy tight little ass.
"Damn," I mumbled to myself looking at the clock. It was only nine. Ten hours to have to wait.
I started cleaning the kitchen, naked of course.
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
I looked at the clock and this day had been agonizingly slow. It was finally five so I headed to the bedroom to shower and get ready.
Chaz had been busy all day outside in the yard and in the garage.
After showering, I fixed my hair and put on make-up.
I then went to my closet to find something "sexy" to wear.
As I stood there, I wondered what kind of "sexy" he meant. I mean there is elegant sexy, teasing sexy and trashy sexy.
Just then, Chaz stepped to the doorway of my closet.
"What kind of sexy?" I asked.
"Anything goes sexy," He responded.
"Sheer sexy or subdued sexy?" I asked wanting more information.
"You can go as wild as you want. It can be as sheer as you want it to be. You will not offend anyone where we are going. Preferably short, sheer and tight," He replied.
Ok, that was better I thought.
I looked through my clothes and found a short micro-mini skirt. Chaz always got hot when I wore it. I then looked for a blouse and picked out one that was really too sheer to be worn in public without something under it. I had worn it before but always with a camisole or something. Tonight I was going for broke and decided to wear it with nothing else.
I put on a pair of sheer white thong panties and then slipped the skirt on. I then slipped the blouse on and buttoned it up but not too far. I was more than one button past decent for sure.
I walked to the mirror and looked at myself to see the affect.
"Crap," I mumbled. My tits were clearly visible. "I can't go out in public like this," I thought to myself.
Chaz walked back into the bedroom
"Wow! That is perfect," He said.
"You can see my tits," I responded.
"Perfect." He said.
"What the hell," I thought and went back into my closet to find some shoes.
Chaz was in the shower when I came out with a pair of stiletto heels that had the gladiator straps running up my calves.
I again looked in the mirror and thought, "Looking good." Still was uncertain about the blouse but Chaz seemed to think it was perfect.
Chaz stepped out of the bathroom and a wolf whistle filled the room.
"Damn, we better get going or I might just take you right here and now," He said.
"Get ready you big pervert," I said with a smile.
Chaz slipped on a pair of jeans, naturally commando and a white dress shirt. He knew I get really hot when he wears this combination.
I looked him over and said, "You're right, we better go because as horny as I am with anticipation I might just fuck you here and now too."
"Nope, no can do. We need to go and fulfill this fantasy of yours."
I walked out the bedroom door with Chaz behind me. I could feel his eyes burning holes in my ass.
We went to the garage to get into the car. The consummate gentleman that Chaz is he opened the door for me. I stepped into the car and realized that his manners were also going to afford him a nice view of my pussy through sheer panties under my skirt. There was no way of getting in the car without giving him a flash.
"Damn," he muttered looking directly at my crotch.
I reached over and pulled the door shut. Chaz got in on the other side and started the car.
As I sat there in the car, I kept looking down as the streetlights flashed by. This skirt was so short that I could not keep my barely covered pussy from showing.
We had been driving for about twenty minutes and I was so nervous we did not speak much.
Chaz finally turned on the blinker and we turned into a place that looked to be a bar.
I had always had a fantasy of being provocatively dressed and going into a bar full of men. Teasing them and tormenting them with my body. Apparently, this is what Chaz had in mind for my first fantasy.
"So, a bar full of men is my first fulfilled fantasy?" I asked.
"Oh, it is so much more than that," He responded with a sly grin.
We parked and again my perverted husband came around to open the door for me. Again, he got a shot of my pussy and I was hoping it was dark enough he did not notice the wet spot on the front of them.
"Did that wet spot slowly appear or did it instantly appear when we pulled in?" He asked.
I could feel the blush cover my face, "You are so rude to speak of such things," I said grinning.
He took my hand after I pulled my skirt down so my ass and pussy wasn't showing and we walked to the door.
I was very conscious of my tits bounding up and down unhindered by a bra and visible to the world.
When we opened the door, I was glad the place was dimly lit. But, all eyes turned to the door to see who was coming in.
From somewhere in the room a whistle went out.
I blushed again.
Chaz kept hold of my hand as we made our way to the bar.
"Bud Light for me and a dirty martini for the lady," Chaz ordered as the young good-looking bartender eyed my nearly naked tits.
Chaz turned a barstool around to face the room and said, "Have a seat."
I turned to set on the stool and realized this was going to be impossible to do with out flashing most of the room and still at this point, many eyes were on me. My pussy was so wet I could feel it as I walked.
I tried to get on the stool without revealing too much and failed.
"Fuck me," came from somewhere in the room as I sat down and quickly crossed my legs.
Chaz handed me my dirty martini and I quickly took a huge swallow of it.
I looked around the room and there were probably a hundred guys in the bar. There were also some other women, but there were only a dozen or so of them.
I finished my martini in about three swallows and Chaz had another one ready for me.
As guys kept coming up to get drinks they all seemed to have to order them next to where I was sitting.
I finished the second drink and Chaz was again at the ready with another one for me.
"How about a game of pool?" Chaz asked.
He had remembered that part of my fantasy as well. I had fantasized of playing pool, bent over and guys watching my ass and my tits showing from my loosely buttoned blouse. I had always had a little exhibitionist in me and this fantasy brought out the total exhibitionist in me.
"Why not."
I crawled off the stool and we headed toward an empty pool table. Chaz put the quarters in and racked the balls. I picked out a cue stick and was very conscious of all the eyes looking at me and in particular my tits.
I stepped to the table and noticed Chaz also looking at my tits. He had a huge bulge in his jeans. I glanced down at my tits and in the light from the pool table light, my shirt was completely sheer. It almost looked like I had nothing on at all.
"You can break," He said.
"Here we go," I thought as I walked to the end of the table and slowly bent over to break the balls. I could feel the cool air from the bar across my ass cheeks as I bent over. Chaz was at the opposite end of the table with a big grin on his face. I'm sure he was watching the reactions from the guys behind me.
"Holy shit," was said somewhere from behind me.
I slammed the cue stick into the cue ball and when I did, I could feel my hanging tits jiggle from the strike.
I sank a striped ball on the break so I walked around the table to look for my next shot. It happened to be directly in front of about five guys playing pool at the table next to ours.
I bent over again ready to take the shot when, "Oh my gawd," was uttered from behind me again. This time I lined up the shot, which took me a little longer. My pussy was soaking wet knowing that the guys behind me were staring at my naked ass and more than likely as far as I was bent over my panty-covered pussy.
I took the shot and again my tits jiggled from the movement. I missed.
I walked over to the table and swallowed the last of my third martini.
Chaz immediately ordered another round.
He took two shots before missing and our drinks showed up so I took another swallow before going back for my next shot.
There was a crowd that had gathered around our pool table.
I lined up my next shot, which was a tough one. It required I bend way over the table in order to reach the cue ball.
I knew this shot was going to expose everything. I had to reach across the table until my nipples were actually grazing the surface of the table. I could feel the air-conditioned air blowing against the wet spot on my panties and it sent a shiver across my body.
"Oh fuck yes," came from behind me as I lined up the shot.
I glanced across the table at Chaz watching and the bulge in his jeans was even larger.
Looking at Chaz's big hard-on and knowing strangers were eyeballing my wet pussy led to a lack of concentration and I missed the shot.
I walked to the table and took a huge swallow from my drink. The alcohol buzz was taking over and combined with my state of horniness I was now wound up for anything.
Chaz sank three balls before missing, I had finished my fourth drink, and he ordered another round.
I walked around to my next shot and it was in front of where Chaz was standing. This time he did not move. He stood behind me I'm sure wanting to see what the others were seeing.
I was drunk enough now that I gave him a show.
I bent way over lining up my shot. My tits were against the rail on the table.
I then felt Chaz behind me, "If you hold your stick like this you will have a better chance," He said as he leaned against my ass. I nearly came right there. I could feel his hard bulge against my ass.
He stepped back and I could only think of fucking him and again missed my shot.
I took another drink while Chaz shot. I noticed men going in and out of a room in the back. It was not marked restroom but assumed it was and they all knew which one to go into. I then noticed a door next to it that a woman came out of. Must be the restroom, which I was going to need shortly.
Chaz finished the game sinking the eight ball.
"Want to go another game?" He asked.
"No, let's go back to the bar,"
I finished my fifth drink and when we got to the bar, he ordered another one.
When the drinks arrived he said, "Come here I want to show you something."
He took my hand and we walked to the back of the bar to the doors I had noticed earlier.
He opened the door the ladies had been going in and out of and I walked in. He came in behind me, shut the door, and locked it.
In the room, there was a low wooden stool and directly above it was a hole in the wall. The room smelled of sex.
"You're kidding right?" I asked.
"It is your fantasy is it not?"
I had told Chaz once that I thought going to a glory hole and sucking cock after cock would be a turn on. We had played with the fantasy before when he cut a hole in a sheet of plywood at home and I would suck his cock through the hole.
Very quickly, there was a cock sticking through the hole.
"You have a visitor," Chaz said nodding at the cock in the hole.
I took a drink from my glass and walked over to the cock. I sat down on the stool and wrapped my hand around it. I leaned forward, opened my mouth and sucked on the head of it.
I sucked on it and stroked it. While stroking it I turned to Chaz to see his reaction to his wife sucking a stranger's cock. He had his cock out of his jeans and his hand wrapped around it.
This turned me on even more so I turned back to the hard cock and began deep throating it. My nose was pressed against the wall and I heard a male voice on the other side mumble, "Oh my gawd."
I have always loved sucking on a hard cock. I love the feel and the texture of it in my mouth. I also love to swallow cum.
I sucked and stroked the cock relishing every moment and then I could feel it expand in my mouth and knew he was going to shoot his load. I backed off until the head only was in my mouth and the warm rush of cum splashed against the back of my throat and I swallowed load after load of his cum.
When he finished I released him and he withdrew his cock from the hole. I began to get up and immediately there was another cock poking through the hole. I looked at Chaz who now had his jeans completely off and his hard cock in his hand.
The cock through the hole this time was a black man. His cock flaccid through the hole and was not overly long but was very fat.
I wrapped my hand around it and stroked it a few times before opening wide and sucking on the head of this fat cock.
With my free hand, I began rubbing my wet panties. My fingers felt wonderful against my hard blood engorged clit.
I tried deep throating this cock but the girth not the length kept me from doing so. I had never sucked a cock so fat.
I could feel him swell and then I was hit with a rush of cum in a volume I had never seen. There was now way to swallow all of it. It began to escape from the corners of my mouth and run down my chin as I swallowed as much as I could.
He finally finished cumming and I released him. I used my fingers to clean the cum off my chin.
I stood up and another cock poked through the hole.
I decided to remove my skirt and panties this time so I could finger my pussy while I sucked.
I glanced at Chaz who was slowly stroking his big dick and was grinning.
I sat back down on the stool spreading my legs. I put one hand on the cock and the other let my fingers enter my sopping wet pussy.
I sucked cock after cock and had a total of twelve or thirteen. I had lost count.
Then a cock came through the hole that absolutely floored me. I had to turn to Chaz and mouthed the words, "Oh my gawd it's huge."
This cock was flaccid and had to be ten inches long. It laid against the wall.
I wrapped my hand around it and stroked a few times. It quickly got hard and was at least twelve inches long.
I opened my mouth and sucked the head of it.
I was fingering my clit as I sucked and then felt Chaz pulling me up. I turned to look at him. He motioned for me to stand up. He removed the stool and pushed me forward bending me over. I then knew he wanted to fuck me and I wanted nothing more at the time than to have his big cock buried deep inside me.
I bent down and sucked the cock back into my mouth as I felt Chaz's cock at my pussy.
He leaned into me and fully sank his big cock deep inside me.
I moaned on the cock in my mouth as his cock completely filled my aching pussy.
He stayed there buried inside me holding still as I sucked on and tried to get as much of the cock in my mouth and throat as possible. There was no way to get it all in. This was a cock that I could not deep-throat.
I was ready to cum. I had three fantasies fulfilled in one evening, one was exposing my body to strangers, two was going to a glory hole and three was having two cocks at once.
Chaz began to rock back and forth. His hands were on my hips as he thrust in and out of me. The rocking back and forth worked on the cock I was sucking too.
I moaned relentlessly on the cock I was sucking as I could feel a tremendous orgasm approaching.
Chaz reached around me and put his hand on my pussy as he was buried inside me.
His finger found my hard clit and, "OH FUCK!" I screamed pulling the cock from my mouth. My knees buckled and Chaz held me up. His cock was buried inside me as I held onto the cock protruding from the hole in the wall stroking it.
Wave after wave of wondrous orgasm racked through my body as Chaz kept fingering my clit. I thought I was never going to stop.
Chaz removed his hand and began fucking my pussy hard and fast. I went back to the cock in the wall, sucked, and stroked its full length.
"Oh fuck," Chaz groaned and I could feel his cock expanding then the first shot of his hot cum splashing against the walls of my pussy. At the same time, the cock in my mouth was expanding and I knew to get ready.
"OOOOOOO YESSS," I heard through the wall and a shot of hot cum splashed against the back of my throat.
As I was swallowing the cum spraying into my mouth I had another albeit milder orgasm.
Chaz pulled his cock from my pussy and I released the long cock in my mouth. The cock slipped back through the wall.
I turned and grabbed my skirt and panties from the floor. I used my panties to wipe off Chaz's cum running down my leg and from my pussy. I put my skirt back on as Chaz was busy putting his pants back on.
I looked at the hole in the wall and there was another cock there waiting.
"Let's go," I whispered to Chaz as I stuffed my cum soaked panties into his pocket.
He opened the door and we slipped through the bar and out the front door. We walked rapidly to the car and got in.
As we pulled onto the street I released, "Oh my gawd that was off the hook wild."
"You had a good time I take it?" Chaz asked with a big grin.
"Good time are you kidding me you fulfilled three fantasies in one night."
There was a park up ahead and it was nearly midnight now.
"Pull into the park," I said.
Chaz pulled into the park and found a dark corner.
"Fuck me again," I said as I climbed out of the car.
I headed to the rear of the car and Chaz met me there. I leaned over the trunk of the car as Chaz pulled his cock from his jeans.
I pulled my skirt up over my hips and waited for him to fuck me hard and fast.
I felt his cock at my pussy and he slipped easily in. The combination of his cum and my juices had my pussy a soaking wet mess.
Chaz grabbed my hips and he pounded in and out of my pussy. The sound of our skin meeting filled the night and was so loud it sounded like thunder in the quiet of the park.
I was so turned on I came again squeezing his cock in my pussy and was rewarded with another shot of his cum filling me.
I stayed leaned against the car as Chaz withdrew his cock from me.
It was then we heard the clapping.
It scared me and I bolted upright.
Now that my eyes had adjusted to the darkness, I could see a man sitting on a bench just thirty yards from where we had just fucked.
"Very nice," came a voice from the darkness.
I went around and jumped into the car, as did Chaz. We took off back onto the street headed for home.
I began to laugh and Chaz did too.
"I guess we made his night," I said between laughs.
"I'm sure we did. I can imagine him telling his friends tomorrow what he saw in the park."
When we got home, we showered together and climbed into bed.
"I'm not sure how to top tonight for your fantasy next month," I said lying against his chest.
"Oh I'm sure you will think of something," he replied.
We kissed and made love again before falling asleep.