Alyson glanced at the clock before pushing away from her desk, she was more nervous than she'd ever let on about the job she'd booked for that evening. She wanted to soak in the bath before her clients got there in a few hours, hoping that it would be relaxing and help overcome the fluttering feeling in the pit of her stomach. She stepped to the closet. Grabbed one of her brothers over sized white dress shirts and a pair of black slacks, simple and functional was her style and it was obvious throughout the entire loft, she went in the bathroom to start the water.
She'd only been in New York for a few weeks when she sold her first photos to a local magazine. Caroline, who worked in the editing department, asked where her studio was located and her contact information so if they had other work for her they could get in touch with her. Having just moved there Alyson was staying with some friends and working out of one room and doing her developing in their basement. Caroline mentioned knowing of a loft apartment that would soon be open. Her brother was going across country to school and if Alyson was interested she'd talk to him about her taking over the remainder of his lease if she was interested.
The loft had once been office area for the warehouse below. After the renovations the lower area was now small stores and cafes for the tourists. The upstairs had been divided into three loft apartments. The apartment was everything Aly had ever dreamed of. After entering through a large metal door you had to ride a creaking freight elevator to the upper floor. The ceilings high and open beamed while the outer walls were dark red brick, the few interior walls having been adding during the renovation were drywall and painted, giving a startling contrast and brightness to each room. Large windows looked out over the street and the roof top of a smaller old brick building, the view wasn't spectacular during the day but at night the lights of the city glittered across the sky like Christmas lights year round.
Standing in the bathroom door, she looked around the apartment. The floors were the original planking that showed the scars and signs of age and abuse, but now stained a dark mahogany they blended and added character along with the brick and creamy off white she had painted the interior walls. Her bed normally cut off from the openness by the use of large folding screens was open now, the simple white of the sheets and the down comforter startling against the dark floor and the cream of the walls.
Stepping to the bed she brushed the sheer material of the drapes back hooking it behind the wrought iron hooks of the canopy support. She smiled softly. She'd always wanted a four posted bed with full flowing sheers surrounding it. This was the next best thing. The framing was bolted to the ceiling and the wall framing the head of the bed allowing the sheer fabric to fall totally around the bed without needing a foot board to clutter the space. She still chuckled remembering her mother's gasp when she saw the mattress was on the floor and not sitting on a conventional frame.
Soaking for awhile she tried her best to relax, shaking her head to clear her mind, and then scrubbing her body until her skin was glowing. She smoothed the silky shaving foam over her skin, taking special care as she ran the sharp razor over the tender skin between her thighs and long legs, giggling she wondered why she was taking all this time and care to details when she realized she needed to help redirect her mind for her up coming work schedule. Rinsing the shaving foam off, she smiled in satisfaction feeling the totally shaved slickness of her skin.
Stepping out of the tub she rubbed whipped oil all over her body, enjoying the feel of her firm smooth skin beneath her hands. Rubbing her oiled hands up over her ribs and circling her breasts, her fingers brushing her tender nipples, her breath caught thinking how tonight was going to be a real challenge. She brushed her teeth and put her make up on, trying not to think about the photo shoot. Pulling on the white satin panties, and running her hand over the front feeling the swollen flesh under the smooth fabric reminded her again how she'd been celibate for almost six months before even moving to New York, and then the entire five months she'd been there. After adjusting the waist band of the panties and biting her lip when the material teased over her now swollen clit she reached for the matching bra, almost groaning when the material raked over her overly sensitive nipples. She smiled looking in the mirror at she saw how nicely the white satin looked against her smooth tanned skin. Brushing her hands over her nipples she knew before long she'd need to find someone to help her put out the fire that was building inside her body.
Sliding the slacks on she wiggled them over her hips as they clung to her damp skin, fastening them she ran her fingers along the waist band making sure they hid the white elastic of her panties as they rode low on her hips. Glancing at the clock beside her bed she knew she needed to hurry if she wanted to make sure the camera's all had the correct film in them and were ready when the client's got there. Unpinning her hair she brushed it out before pulling it back into a sleek pony tail, the end of it curling down, reaching her waist. Grabbing the shirt she pulled it on and buttoned it partially while she headed to her work bench and began choosing the film she'd need.
Aly tried not to look at the clock, every time she did she found herself becoming nervous again. This was her first 'artistic' photo shoot and she was determined to do her best no matter what. Glancing at the table she saw one of the contracts and hoped she'd have the second in hand as soon as the couple arrived.
She had taken the call for the job the week before, setting up an appointment with the gentleman to discuss the project at the diner down stairs over coffee. She was startled when he walked up and introduced himself. She'd not been expecting someone who had a raw sexuality that seemed to float around him, caressing everything it came into contact with. He was dressed casually, jeans and a button up shirt, his hair fell over his shoulders to the top of his shoulder blades, when he smiled his eyes lit up flashing her a dazzling smile of white teeth and charm.
Aiden explained that this was not what some would consider a normal photo session that he was looking for. Taking their coffee he moved to a table as far from the other patrons as possible, pulling her chair out for her he sat across from her. He began explaining what it was that he was looking for. The young woman he was involved with had mentioned that it was her fantasy and desire to have their very first sexual encounter together photographed while it was taking place. His eyes watched her closely while he explained the entire situation to her, obvious that he was testing her true professionalism about the matter. He assured her that what he was looking for was something tasteful, black and white images, something seductive and erotic not cheap.
She kept her expression as steady as she thought possible, knowing that this could be something that could make or break her career if she handled it badly. Word among the artistic world spread as if wild fire and she didn't want to be burned by those negative flames. After hearing him out and agreeing, they walked up to her loft so she could draft a contract and release of responsibility for all parties involved at her request. He agreed, smiling at her formal treatment of the matter.
He looked around the loft while she sat at her laptop and typed up a contract for everyone to sign, giving their consent and also adding the clause that she had the option of using some of the materials for her portfolio after they viewed and approved the photos she might chose.
Aiden kept his smile hidden, watching her hands tremble slightly as she typed. She was a fantastic looking woman, he felt himself harden just thinking of this seductive blonde watching and photographing he and Sasha while he took her. They discussed how she could accommodate the shoot taking place in the loft which was also her studio. She explained what she could do and that with the sum he'd offered for the job she was certain that he'd be very pleased with the results. He signed his copy of the contract immediately, promising that when he and Sasha arrived they'd have hers in hand before proceeding.
Aly had gotten involved in proofing some photos she'd taken a few days before not noticing it was now dark outside until the door buzzer startled her. Walking over she pressed the button unlocking the lower door so they could come in, opening her door she stepped back into the kitchen.
She was walking from the kitchen, a bottle of wine and two glasses in her hand when Aiden and his female companion stepped from the freight elevator across from the open door.
"Come in please", she said with a smile, "You're right on time".
Aiden closed the door behind them, locked it grinning as he glanced at the two women. "Alyson this is Sasha", he said making the introductions and taking the petite brunettes jacket, "Sasha this is Alyson, the photographer I told you I'd talked to".
Sasha blushed slightly when she met Aly's eyes, "I hope you don't think this entire situation is abnormal," she said softly.
"I can assure you that in my business there's little that can be called abnormal it's all interesting and an expression of an art form," Aly said, handing her a glass of wine, motioning them in toward the couch.
Sasha was wearing a deep blue silk dress that hugged the curves of her body. She wore dangerously high heels that made Aly blush when she realized she was still barefooted after her bath.
Aiden took the glass she offered him before she took a seat in the chair across from Sasha. Looking around the room he noticed the changes she'd made in preparation for the shoot. The folding screens that had previously hidden the sleeping area had been moved and were set up in the corner of the room leaving the space open. Lights and stands were positioned in various areas with reflecting panels and light diffusers sitting ready for use.
Sasha was also looking around while she sipped her wine, "I'm glad Aiden found someone who looked at this as a professional job and not something sleazy". She said with a laugh, rubbing her hand along Aiden's leg, "I'm ready any time the two of you are", she said setting her glass down in the coffee table. Aly felt the skin on her neck bristle slightly sensing the tone of over confidence that tingled Sasha's voice, she realized quickly that the blush and shy act when they arrived was just that, an act.
Aiden stood up and shrugged the sports jacket from his shoulders, handing Aly the second copy of the contract before he laid the jacket on the back of the couch. Meeting her eyes as she reached for it he smiled, "I'm sure this was what you needed for this to be legal and for us to get started", his said softly.
Aly walked to the work bench and grabbed the camera's she'd laid out, shaking the overwhelming feeling she had, this was going to be much more physically and mentally challenging for her than professional.
Sasha walked over toward the bed, unzipped her dress allowing it to fall down her shoulders and slid slowly down her body. Seeing the expression on Sasha's face Aly knew without a doubt this woman felt this would be and should be totally about her and that Aiden was simply a prop for her to fulfill her erotic fantasies. Knowing she was being paid and paid well she pushed the knowledge from her mind. She lifted the camera and began shooting, capturing the look in Sasha's eyes, and the fullness of her mouth while she watched Aiden walking over to her.
Aly smiled seeing the erotic tilt of her eyes, Sasha had an oriental look about her, the petite body structure and the honeyed skin tone, her eyes reflected the light as if liquid as she focused and continued snapping shots moving toward the bed, setting the other two camera's down on the stool she'd sat there earlier for just that purpose, the digital camera's resting on the floor behind the stool.
Aiden walked over to Sasha, stopping in front of her looking down watching the fabric caress her body before puddling on the floor around her feet, his hands moving to rest on her shoulders before sliding down her arms to her wrists. Lifting her arms to the side, he leaned down placing a gentle kiss along the top of each breast where it pushed over the edge of her black bra.
Sasha unbuttoned his shirt while he ran his hands along her rib cage, then up over each breast teasing her now hardened nipples through the material. Pushing his shirt from his shoulders, Aly gasped seeing the colors of the tattoo covering his back as the shirt fell.
Sasha glanced at her, shaking her head, her expression one of disgust, "It's a terrible thing he did to his body isn't it? I do my best to not think of it or look at it", she said rolling her eyes, before turning her eyes back to Aiden's.
Aly found she could've disagreed more with Sasha. Stepping over behind them, focusing on the artwork covering his back as it was slowly exposed. A dragon in full color, the head starting between his shoulder blades and moving down his back, the dragon cradling the body of a naked woman, his tongue seductively licking along her torso toward her upturned breasts came into full view when his shirt fell to the top of his jeans, the arms of his shirt having fallen to his wrists catching it there before he moved his hands back allowing it to fall to the floor behind him.
Glancing over his shoulder while Sasha placed small kisses along his exposed chest, he saw the appreciation in Aly's eyes as she looked at him, the camera focusing on the tattoo covering the flesh of his back. Meeting her eyes for a second he winked, chuckling softly seeing her quick blush. He turned back to Sasha when she apologized for tickling him, thinking that was the reason behind his chuckle.
Aiden turned Sasha around and sat on the edge of the bed, running his hands up and down her sides his fingers caressing her compact breasts while Aly silently adjusted the lights and started shooting again. Slipping his arms behind Sasha he pulled her close, her knees brushing the inside of his thighs as he slowly unsnapped the bra, pulling the straps slowly down her arms letting the material catch on her hard nipples before tugging it sharply making them spring into view directly in front of his face.
Sasha pouted slightly at his move, it was clear she thought the action crude and rough. Sliding her fingers into his hair she pulled his mouth toward her waiting breast, gasping when he licked around the hardened tip.
Aly knelt at the side of the bed centering her thoughts on the focusing and varying depth perception she wanted to use to enhance each shot. Mentally she shook off the thought of how it would feel to have his hands and his mouth doing the same thing to her body.
She watched and photographed their moves, his hands rubbing down over Sasha's ribs, his lips placing small kisses over her breasts. Hooking his fingers in the waistband of the black panties he slowly pushed them down over her ass and along her thighs, his mouth closing over her nipples making her groan when his tongue swirled around the rock hard peaks, sucking on them while she absently stepped out of the panties once they reached her ankles.
Aiden scooted to the edge of the bed lowering himself to the floor, his back leaning against the mattresses, his hands slipping down Sasha's legs until he reached the buckles of the high heels. His lips and tongue moving over her stomach making the flesh jump beneath his caresses as he undid each shoe holding them as she stepped out of them.
Aly grabbed the next camera before kneeling beside the end of the bed, looking up she saw the look of satisfaction covering Sasha's face when Aiden started placing soft gentle kisses along the tops of her thighs. Cupping her breasts, her head fell back as he nestled his lips between her thighs, his tongue darting out to brush her tender clit below the thin patch of closely trimmed hair of her pussy.
Hearing her groan, Aiden moved his hands along the inside of her thighs gently pushing her legs further apart, lifting one ankle he placed it on the bed beside him, opening her body to his mouth, his eyes glancing toward Aly when he heard the soft clicking of the camera.
His eyes didn't leave her as his fingers slipped up between Sasha's legs, slowly spreading her, exposing the swollen flesh to not only his mouth but also to Aly and the camera. Leaning forward slightly he stroked his tongue along the wetness, hearing Aly's breath when it caught for a second and she moved slightly for a better angle.
Sasha dropped one hand to his head, impatient for his touch. Thrusting her mound forward she moaned loudly when his lips closed over her throbbing clit, his tongue flicking over it before dipping quickly inside her wet pussy. Her fingers twisted her nipple, moving from one swollen peak to the other while she closed her eyes sighing, feeling his mouth working its magic on her body.
Aly moved back focusing on Sasha's expression when Aiden pulled her hips closer, slipping his finger slowly inside her, stroking deeply before inserting a second finger, turning his wrist gently as he did. Reaching down with one hand he rubbed it over the front of his jeans, caressing the swollen flesh straining against the material begging to be released. Seeing his motion she centered the focus on his face allowing his stroking hand to be captured while he continued to drive Sasha wild with his mouth and thrusting fingers.
He unsnapped his jeans, sliding the zipped down slowly feeling the tight muscles of Sasha's pussy beginning to clench his fingers. Raising his hand from his jeans, he grabbed her ass, pulling her tightly against his mouth, his teeth brushing over her clit before he sucked it deeply into his mouth tugging on it as she trembled, the juices slipping down out of her body covering his fingers as he slowly pushed the third deep into her, pushing her over the edge.
Sasha gasped loudly feeling her pussy flooding his fingers with the slick cum while she twisted her nipple viciously, curling her body forward her head falling down as she allowed him to thrust deeper and harder into her. Fighting to calm her breathing when his kisses gentled and her body shook slightly. Looking toward Aly she grinned as if in triumph before she stepped back seeing Aly reach for another camera.
Feeling her own body wanting to be allowed to tremble with the same abandon she'd just witnessed, Aly steadied her hands, changing the film in the cameras even though she still had others ready to use. Turning around she met Aiden's eyes for a brief second before Sasha reached down tugging him to stand up.
Aly adjusted one of the lights while Sasha made a half hearted attempt to tug at the waistband of his jeans, clearly not interested in doing the work to take them off herself. Stepping back slightly he pushed the faded material down over his hips, bending as he pulled them off each leg before standing up straight again.
Aly clicked the camera catching his movements as he was slowly exposed. Her hand trembled slightly when he stood up fully the swollen shaft of his cock standing at attention in front of him. Sasha smiled toward her with what seemed to be pride and silently saying his cock was only hers for the taking.
Sasha dropped her hand to his cock, brushing along the length of it before closing around it, her fingers barely meeting around the thickness of it.
"I hope you have the patience for this", she said toward Aly with a purr, "It'll take some time for this stud to push all of this into my pussy," she grinned at Aly with a nasty glint in her eyes.
Aly nodded silently, assuring her she had all the patience needed. Dropping to her knee she raised the camera and focused waiting for Sasha to make her first move.
Moving to the edge of the bed, Sasha sat down, her hand slowly stroking along Aiden's cock, pulling him forward using the swollen shaft to control his movement. Leaning forward she placed a small kiss on the head of his cock, glancing up at him seeing his reaction to her touch. Her small huff almost not audible when he simply stood there looking down at her waiting for her to pleasure him as he had been doing for her for the past month.
Taking him in both hands she refused to look up at him again, she didn't want to take a change on him seeing how disinterested she was at returning any sort of favor when this evening clearly was supposed to have been totally about her. Lowering her head she ran her tongue around the crown, her fingers sliding down the shaft toward his balls, nestling around them before she finally opened her mouth encircling the head closing her lips around him, her tongue danced over the slick wetness seeping from him.
Aly almost shook her head seeing the flash of disgust on Sasha's face, she knew this was nothing she'd anticipated having to do, she almost chuckled when she glanced up and saw Aiden looking at her, his expression telling her he knew this gift from Sasha was solely for her benefit and not his.
Lifting his hand he placed it on the back of Sasha's head, grinning slightly at Aly before he closed his eyes and pushed his hips forward forcing his cock deeper into Sasha's waiting mouth. Aly focusing the camera on his expression as he felt his cock being sucked, she continued shooting.
Turning the camera for a shot of their entire bodies, her arm brushed her nipples causing her to bite her lip to prevent the gasp from escaping, they throbbed from the touch. Concentrating on the subjects in front of her she watched Aiden's head fall back, eyes closed while Sasha struggled to take his thickness deeper into her mouth. The muscles of his body twitched beneath the skin as he enjoyed the victory of having Sasha's hot little mouth surrounding his meat finally. After all the weeks they'd been together and all the times he'd crawled between her thighs licking her to trembling satisfaction it was a well earned triumph to have her servicing his needs.
Sasha pulled her head back allowing him to slide from her mouth, leaning down she ran the tip of her tongue along the underside of his cock; pleased she could still best him in some way. Fighting against his hand and hold silently, she twisted her head from his grasp keeping him from burying his cock in her mouth again. Closing her hands around him she began stroking him, her tongue darting out to flick over the throbbing head as she glanced up at him. Seeing his eyes turned toward Aly while she moved around taking pictures, she dropped her hands finished with what she felt was just a duty.
Aiden stepped back, grinning at Sasha knowing how much she detested having to do for others when she wanted everything and everyone focused solely on her and her needs. Taking her hand he pulled her up from the bed, pushing a kiss over her lips as she turned her head offering him her cheek instead.
"You wouldn't happen to have some oil or lube of some kind would you?" he asked glancing toward Aly, "I hate to admit it but I totally forgot", he grinned.
Sasha brushed her fingers through her hair fixing it where he'd rested his hand, as Aly sat the camera down on the stool.
"I can look and see what I have", she said quietly walking to the bathroom, hoping she had something in there and wouldn't have to get the bottle of cinnamon flavored warming lube she had hidden in the bedside table. She breathed a sigh of relief when she found the new bottle she had of waterproof lube in the bathroom cabinet.
Walking back in, she handed the bottle to Aiden, ignoring his chuckle when he snapped the band on the new bottle.
"Nothing like christening a new bottle", he chuckled softly.
Tossing the bottle to the bed he pulled Sasha against him placing a small kiss on her neck while Aly gathered her camera up and walked around absently adjusting the lights, waiting.
Sitting back on the bed, Aiden turned Sasha around so her back was to him. Leaning back on the bed, his knees bent and his feet resting on the floor, he pulled her back so she sat in his lap. Lifting her legs over the top of his, he dropped his mouth to her neck before slowly moving his legs apart forcing hers open further, exposing her to the camera's view.
One hand ran along the inside of her thigh moving closer to her exposed center while his other hand circled her breasts, taking each nipple between his fingers tweaking them while his knuckles brushed gently over her still swollen clit making her groan softly.
Leaning back further, he grabbed her hips, lifting her slightly, pulling her back so his cock slipped between her thighs, standing at attention nestled tightly against her open pussy. Lifting her above his cock, he flexed his hips slightly, rubbing the length of his cock along the wetness that oozed from her at his touch.
Glancing over Sasha's shoulder his eyes met Aly's when she knelt for a different angle, reaching down he held his cock tightly against Sasha as she wiggled her hips rubbing her clit along the length of him.
Aly involuntarily licked her lips as her eyes met his, her body reacting to his looks as it was to the movements of the naked flesh in front of her. Silently she was grateful she'd thought to buy new batteries for her toys the day before since she knew they'd be getting a work out once she was finished tonight.
He lay back on the bed, pulling Sasha back even further, waiting while she tucked her legs up on the bed around each side of him, grinning when she felt him pulling her back further knowing his tongue would soon be thrusting into her pushing her to the edge again before he forced her body over the edge, allowing her to cum again.
Kneeling over his face she pushed herself up, her hands resting lightly on his chest before she leaned her head back when she felt his gentle kisses covering the heated flesh between her legs. Spreading her legs slightly she lowered herself to his mouth gasping when his tongue thrust up into her twisting as he raised his head sucking her clit into his mouth sharply.
Kneeling at the end of the bed Aly watched through the view finder when his fingers slipped along the slick folds of Sasha's pussy opening her before burying his mouth against her, kissing her open pussy as if drinking from her mouth. Her arm accidentally brushed his leg when she shifted for a different shot, his leg moved closer to her pushing gently against her arm, his cock twitching and jumping at the contact.
Aiden almost smiled as he doubled the thrusting of his tongue into the dripping snatch above his face. He'd felt the heat from Aly's body near his leg, knowing she was close and wishing she was even closer as he pushed his fingers deeply into Sasha's thrashing body. Knowing he needed some relief soon he thrust harder, pushing a second and third finger into her while tugging at her clit with his lips and teeth, trying to spread her, stretch her so his cock could push its way deeply into her without her stopping him.
Feeling Sasha's body beginning to tremble he lowered his mouth, slowing the movement of his fingers keeping her right at the edge without allowing her to cum yet. Grasping her hips he moved her down from his mouth, pushing her down his body until he felt her hovering directly above his throbbing cock.
Sasha reached for Aiden's jeans and pulled a handful of condoms from the pocket. Sitting back slightly she shook her head frowning slightly when she glanced at Aly before opening one pack and sliding the tight skin over his cock.
Pulling her upper body back towards him, Aiden propped himself up. Lifting his hips slightly, pushing the shaft along her sensitive clit, lowering his hips he lifted her and with the next upward thrust the head of his cock pushed between the swollen lips of her pussy, spreading them slightly.
Sasha groaned feeling the head of his cock pushing into her. She shook with pleasure as much as she did fear of having him slamming the massive meat into her. Leaning back on her hands she concentrated on the sound of the camera, the soft clicking, knowing this woman was witnessing this and all she could do was watch as Aiden fucked her deeply, his body craving her and no one else.
Flipping open the top of the bottle, he reached around pulling Sasha back just a bit, he squeezed a stream of the slick liquid over Sasha's clit and the head and shaft of his cock covering them both with the shiny slickness. Closing the top he dropped it beside his leg, grasping her hips he held her open above him, lifting his hips he drove the head of his cock into her spreading her tightly as she gasped and groaned. Keeping her still he pulled back pushing deeper with the next thrust, a moan escaped him feeling the tight slick muscles surrounding the head of his cock, fighting the urge to slam into her he slowed allowing her to adjust to his size.
Moving his hands around her hips keeping her impaled on the head of his cock, he slipped his fingers over the slickly lubed skin of her pussy, opening her further as he gently spread her, stroking his thumb over her clit, his brain registering the soft gentle clicks of the camera, knowing Aly was witnessing this and sensing her body was as hot and wanting as his and Sasha's were right then.
Moving to the side of the bed Aly met his eyes, while his fingers continued to dance over Sasha's widely spread pussy, his cock moving slowly deeper and deeper into her as she withered above him. His eyes didn't leave her as she continued to photograph their bodies as they entwined and thrust. He fought the urge to reach out to her pulling him against him while Sasha rode him, wanting her full lips to meet his in a deep kiss, something Sasha refused to give.
Dropping the camera for a second, Aly met his eyes fully, her arm brushing against her nipples making her eyes glaze for a second while she continued to look at him silently. The deep groan escaping Sasha brought her back to what she was suppose to be doing. Moving toward the end of the bed she stood looking down through the camera as the orgasm built and Sasha pushed herself down on him as deeply as she'd allow before encouraging him to push her over the edge finally.
Sasha raised herself off of his hard cock. Leaning back she sat on his muscled stomach catching her breath while Aly moved over to the stool and busied herself changing the film in both cameras again, getting ready for the next round of love making.
Moving to his side Sasha sat on the down comforter glancing at his still standing cock then to his face.
"Oh Aiden you're still hard, you haven't cum yet, have you?" she asked stating the obvious. "I'm afraid you're going to have to wait a bit my stud," she said with a forced smile placing her hand on his chest, "My poor little pussy's throbbing from all of that cock being pushed into it," she said with a pout.
Seeing the look of disgust that flashed across his face Sasha knew she was playing a dangerous game with keeping him on the line and satisfying her ever need without allowing him to ruin her for others with that huge cock he had.
Aiden sat up on the edge of the bed glaring at Sasha when she got up and walked toward the bathroom. Glancing at Aly he noticed she'd quietly walked across the loft to her work bench and was busy sorting rolls of film and opening new rolls. He continued watching as she turned to walk back, placing some additional cameras on the stool along with the ones she'd already been using.
Sasha opened the bathroom door quietly, peeking to see if Aiden was still angry with her. She froze when she saw that he wasn't even looking for her but was watching Aly as she put her cameras down and went around the room adjusting the lights and some of the screens she had placed in front of them.
Smiling suddenly she realized she had a perfect solution to the situation. Walking back into the room she stopped beside Aiden reaching down running her hand over his shoulder leaning her tight pussy against his arm.
"Aiden, I'm so sorry honey, but you not only know how to turn my world upside down but you're also just too much for my little pussy to handle", Sasha said in a silky teasing tone. Glancing at Aly who was now sitting on the stool, the camera's on the floor around her, waiting patiently to see if their session was over or just taking a break, "It really would be a shame to waste not only Aly's time and the money that you've already paid her. Wouldn't it?" she said looking from one to the other. "I think we could still make the best of the evening," she explained.
Walking over to Aly who was looking at her confused, she wrapped her arm around her waist. "From the looks I saw our photographer here giving us while we were making love I'd say that it has either been quite sometime since she's had any loving or has had anything half as satisfying as what you gave me Aiden," she said moving toward the bed, her arm still around Aly moving her along with her.
Aly stopped in her tracks pulling back when it finally registered what Sasha had just suggested. She wasn't sure if she wanted to laugh to cover her embarrassment or simply nod and step into Aiden's arms.
Aiden knew Sasha well enough to know exactly what she was doing. She was trying to make herself look like the perfect woman while still keeping what she thought was her perfect body and pussy intact for the small cocks she liked to tease and had for years. Looking up at her he saw the gleam in her eyes as she waited for his reaction, waiting to see if her ploy was in fact going to work.
Looking from Sasha to Aly, he stood up and walked toward the living room, taking his glass and filling it with wine from the bottle sitting on the coffee table. Turning back toward them he raised his glass in a silent toast.
"That of course would have to be totally Aly's choice Sasha", he said quietly meeting Aly's eyes, "There's no way she's to feel pressured into anything she wouldn't consent to willingly herself", he explained gently, his body betraying his thoughts when his now semi hard cock involuntarily twitched just thinking of touching her body, losing himself in that long blonde hair hanging down her back.
Sasha walked over picking up one of the cameras, lifting it she looked through the view finder. "I can take her place for a bit and she can take my place, I can test my skills while she's learning the skills you have darling," she said walking around Aly clicking the camera taking a few pictures.
Seeing her confusion and distress, Aiden walked to Aly offering her his wine, lifting it to her lips, her hands shook when she took a drink. Leaning forward he brushed a kiss on her cheek near her ear, "You can make your own choices, but let me tell you this my sweet Aly I'd like nothing better than taking your body to limits you can only imagine," he whispered softly, "I am going into the bathroom to wash up while you finish this wine and make up you mind," he said squeezing her hand gently, walking around her toward the bathroom.
Sasha was sitting on the stool waiting for Aiden to return. Smiling at him she nodded toward Aly who was leaning against the pillar where he'd left her.
Walking into the living room he grabbed the wine bottle bringing it back he took the glass and filled it again, lifting it to take a drink before raising it to her lips for her to follow suit. Leaning down he sat the bottle on the floor. Standing he scooped her into his arms making her gasp at his actions. He stopped near the end of the bed, standing there holding her he looked at her, searching for her answer, making sure this was really something she wanted and wasn't simply feeling trapped in a situation.
Seeing his concern and feeling his arms tighten around her she leaned up brushing a kiss over his lips letting him know what her choice was.
Looking through the view finder Sasha couldn't help but grin seeing her plan falling into place perfectly. Stepping down from the stool she grabbed Aiden's shirt shrugging into it before she walked around the two of them while he stood holding Aly. Reaching up she took the wine glass from Aly's hand moving back she sat it on the stool before lifting the camera and starting to take pictures.
Shocked by the feeling of her lips brushing his he waited to see if she was waiting for him to return the kiss or simply teasing him as Sasha had always done. Looking into her eyes he saw his answer. Leaning down he captured her mouth with his, deepening the kiss when he felt her tongue shyly meeting his though open lips. Turning his head he squeezed her tightly against him devouring her mouth, his tongue dancing along hers as her hands gripped his shoulders.
A sigh escaped her only to be swallowed by his probing mouth, opening her eyes she met his, feeling her body shiver when she saw his desire and need, feeling her own rushing to the surface. Her hands moved from his shoulders to his face when he slowly lowered her legs until she was pressed tightly against his naked body, her feet brushing the floor as he continued kissing her.
Running his hands down her sides he wrapped his hands around her waist holding her against him, he enjoyed the feeling of her breasts pressing into his chest her breathing got faster. Lifting his hands he traced his finger along the V the neckline of her shirt, sliding it down the other side hooking it around the top button, tugging sharply the button popping, falling silently to the furry rug on the floor beneath their feet.
Pulling his mouth from hers he leaned back slightly looking at her while his hand moved further down tugging at the next button making it pop and continuing until all the buttons lay on the floor around them and the fabric fall open exposing the white satin covering her firm breasts.
Aiden ran his eyes over her body while his hands reached up to her hair, pulling the holder from her hair allowing it to cascade down over his hands before pulling it forward over her shoulders. Tugging on the long strands he pulled them down until they curled around her breasts, brushing his knuckles over each nipple through the shiny satin.
Aly's breath caught in her throat never taking her eyes from his, his hand slipped down her chest sliding between of her breasts, over her stomach, the muscles jumping beneath his hand when his fingers tugged at the waistband of her slacks undoing the button easily, the zipper sliding down in one motion.
Stepping back from him she lowered her eyes, blushing when she looked at his body. His cock standing hard and thick in front of her the head shiny with the slick fluid that seeped from him as he watched her. Lifting her foot she unzipped the ankle zipper before pulling her leg from the slacks. Keeping her head down she tried to steady her breathing feeling the heat radiating from him and as she sensed Sasha walking around them taking pictures of every detail. Dropping the slacks to the floor she looked up slowly meeting his eyes and stepping toward him when he reached for her.
Aiden startled her when he unsnapped the front closure of her bra grinning as it sprang open, the material catching on the hardened peaks of her nipples. Cupping his hands he took her breasts into his palms, brushing the fabric back with his thumbs, raking roughly over the sensitive flesh of her breasts. Squeezing her breasts gently he meet her eyes, watching her reaction as he pulled her toward him with his hands.
Wrapping his arms around her he grabbed the cheeks of her satin covered ass, pulling her up tightly against his body, his cock throbbing against her stomach while he leaned down biting her neck gently, hearing her groan of pleasure he bite her a little harder enjoying the feel of her nails when they sunk into his shoulders. Reaching down he lifted her leg, pulling it up to his hips as he wrapped his body around her absorbing her into him as he kissed her again, rocking his hips forward slightly pushing his cock against the satin covering her mound.
Aly shuttered feeling the throbbing of his cock pushing against her, letting her head fall back she closed her eyes forgetting everything but the touch of his hands and his mouth. Her hands wrapping around his neck when she felt him lifting her from the floor, lifting her other leg she wrapped them around his waist capturing his cock between them before he turned toward the bed holding her tightly.
Sasha hesitated for a minute lowering the camera noticing they'd both forgotten about her. Reaching for the other camera she almost chuckled watching Aiden step up onto the bed Aly in his arms their mouths locked together, her hands threaded deep into his long hair.
Stepping beside the bed she started shooting, watching him drop to his knees on the bed sitting back on his feet, Aly cradled in his lap still wearing the tiny white satin panties and her bra over her shoulders.
He leaned Aly back slightly his hands holding her against him around her waist, pushing the straps of her bra down over her shoulders, off her arms. Pulling her up until she was kneeling in his lap he leaned forward arching her back when he sucked her nipple deep into his mouth groaning when she gasped loudly, his teeth closing around the peak, tugging when he pulled back biting from one to the other nipple almost savagely.
Aly grabbed his hair holding his head tightly against her breasts when he continued placing tiny sharp stinging bites across her breasts and nipples. Tugging his head back away from her, she looked down at him before moving her legs further apart, sliding down, pinning his cock between their stomachs as she kissed him, biting his mouth as he had done her nipples.
Laughing against her mouth he swatted her ass. Leaning back he met her eyes seeing the sparkle in them when his hands dropped to her hips his finger sliding under the edge of the satin, pulling the material tightly up knowing it was sliding the material up between the folds of her hot pussy. With a twist of his wrists the sound of ripping material filled the room as he shredded the satin of her panties.
He watched her face while pushing her back until she was lying on the bed in front of him, her hips raised on his lap, never taking his eyes from hers he pulled the material up, tugging gently as it slid from under her, scrubbing the damp satin over her clit as he pulled the torn panties from her body. Tossing them to the floor beside the bed he looked down her body, his hands following their path.
His hands moved down from her lips, his eyes watching his finger as it moved over her throat hesitating at the pulse he felt beating there. His fingers moved lower between her breasts hesitating to circle each nipple flicking his finger tip over the rock hard peaks, before traveling over her stomach he chuckled seeing the muscles clench and she fought not to giggle at the gentle touch. Placing one hand on the bed beside her he leaned forward slightly, watching his hand as it stroked lower over the smoothly shaven mound, his cock resting tightly against her pussy.
Brushing his thumb over her clit he felt her body shaking in his lap and under his hand. Leaning forward he brushed a kiss over her nipples, glancing up he saw the fire in her eyes.
"Has it been that long sweetheart?" he asked in a whisper. At her nod he dropped his head to her breast knowing that with her so hot and twisted up in her desire he wouldn't be able to hold back pleasuring her as he wanted so badly to. "Are you afraid of me? Of this?" he asked quietly pushing his throbbing engorged cock tightly against her, he smiled when she shook her head no gasping at the touch of his hardness against her.
Sitting back up, he chuckled when her eyes followed him, her hands reaching for his wrists while she almost withered beneath his touch.
"Aly let me take care of you, let me help you, then let me show you what I can make your body do", he said slipping his arm behind her back gently lifting her to his chest. Holding her tightly, her head resting on his shoulder he pulled the pillows from the top of the bed putting them behind her hips before slowly laying her back over them. Taking her hands he pulled them over her head pinning them to the mattress before brushing a kiss over her lips, "Trust me sweetheart', he whispered against her mouth.
Sasha heard the whispers but couldn't understand what he was saying, lowering the camera she watched when Aiden leaned back running his hands possessively down Aly's body, his thumbs sliding down between her thighs making her groan at his caress.
Aiden sat back on his legs pulling his cock from against her body, replacing it with the palm of his hand, his eyes watching his fingers slipping along the wetness, stroking her as if a kitten, pushing his fingers deeper with each passing stroke until slowly spreading his fingers opening her wide in front of him. Hearing her whimper he looked up locking his eyes with her while he pushed his finger into her feeling the wetness flooding over his hand, feeling the tight rings of muscle clenching him clamping down around the thrusting finger.
Aly felt his legs move further apart, spreading her open wider for his touch and view. She felt as if her body was on fire before he slowly pushed his finger into her pussy, twisting it slightly as his thumb stroked over her clit with only a whisper of a touch. Lifting her hips she met his stroking pace, turning her head she felt his sharp thrust bringing her eyes back to his. She moaned realizing he controlled her very thoughts with his touch.
Sasha stood up from where she'd been kneeling beside the bed, turning to the stool she grabbed one of the other cameras as quickly as she could glancing back every few seconds watching while Aiden pushed Aly closer and closer to the edge with his fingers. She walked around to the other side of the bed. Standing at the bottom corner of the bed, she focused on Aly's face the pleasure obvious as she never took her eyes from Aiden's.
He broke their eye contact for a second looking toward her hands then down at her nipples, meeting her eyes and nodding as he increased the thrusting, moving deeper into her holding his fingers tightly into her while his thumb raked over her clit. Smiling he nodded when she lowered her arms, cupping her breast in her hands her fingers circling her nipples squeezing them gently.
Her back arched pushing her pussy down onto his fingers when he slammed into her sharply signally her to pinch harder while he watched her eyes, seeing them dark as midnight and feeling the creamy slickness covering his hand starting to pour out of her just before her body began trembling violently.
He leaned forward, thrusting his finger into her faster as his lips brushed her ear, "Pinch them harder baby, feel my fingers deep inside you, come on baby cum now," he growled in her ear as he heard her cry and felt her body shake, the muscles clenching his fingers deep inside of her tightly, the wet slick cum pouring out of her and down over his thighs resting beneath her body.
Sasha was almost jealous while she watched Aly through the view finder the power of the orgasm as it overwhelmed her, the tenderness yet undeniable strength of Aiden as he pushed her further.
Feeling the clenching muscles relax a bit he wrapped his arm back under her lifting her, her arms coming around his shoulders, her face nestled along his neck, her breathing heating his skin, the feel of her inflamed his desire. Not wanting to let her calm down her held her when he knelt, moving toward the head of the bed. Leaning her against the cool plaster of the wall her pulled his head back looking down he took her mouth violently, biting her lips tugging on them feeling the wetness of her pussy opened invitingly against his stomach.
She groaned against his mouth enjoying the controlled aggression, arching her back she pushed her body tightly against his, wiggling her hips slightly feeling his cock twitch between them. She smiled at him when she met his eyes, seeing the tight control of his desire becoming dangerously thin.
Leaning forward he smiled as she watched him, reaching to the side he unhooked the sheer fabric from the wrought iron hook, twisting the fabric in his hand he pulled it toward her, laughing when she gasped as he wrapped it around her wrist. Reaching to the other side her did the same thing with the other length of fabric. Twisting it around her wrists he then wrapped them together trapping them above her head.
Sasha gasped when she watched Aiden begin tying Aly up with the curtains to her bed. Moving along the side of the bed she focused on the expressions flashing across Aly's face, the pleasure and the challenge she silently gave Aiden.
Aiden glanced toward the bottom of the bed looking for the bottle of lube he'd had earlier. Hearing Aly's chuckle he looked back at her, smiling when she nodded toward the bedside table. Leaning over he opened the drawer finding a half full bottle of cinnamon flavored warming lube resting beside a small collection of vibrators.
"Cinnamon", he said with a laugh, "A woman after my own heart, never to hot are we darling?" he said opening the bottle and held it high squeezing it, allowing the stream to fall over her stomach, running down over her smoothly shaven pussy. Leaning back he grabbed the condoms Sasha had tossed to the side of the bed. Glancing at Aly for her acknowledgement, he grinned when she silently shook her head no. Tossing them to the side he took the bottle of lube, turning it so it poured directly down over the head and length of his cock.
Closing the bottle he set it back on the table, before turning back to her. Sitting back he ran his hand over her stomach and pushing down further rubbing the lotion, feeling it getting warm under his touch and over her slick skin. Moving his hand to his cock he stroked it slowly, rubbing the head over her clit with each stroke. Looking up he saw she'd twisted her hands and caught the fabric in her hands also giving herself something to hold on to.
The camera continued clicking softly while Sasha moved quickly to the other side of the bed adjusting the light as she went by, removing the shadows that had fallen across Aly's face. Licking her lips she enjoyed seeing someone as vulnerable as Aiden had made Aly, but somehow she looked anything but vulnerable but as if she was the one in control.
Wrapping one arm around her back he tangled his hand in her hair, pulling her head back slightly while he pulled her body forward. Leaning down he sucked her nipple into his mouth raking his teeth over the sensitive nub, pushing his hips forward sliding the head of his cock between her swollen pussy lips, feeling her open slowly for him. Moving his mouth to the other breast he pushed even further feeling her silent gasp under his lips and feeling her pulse jump as he pushed into her slowly.
The swollen head of his cock stretched her tight, popping beyond the tight ring of muscle of her pussy. Clenching her muscles around him she encouraged him silently to go deeper, begging him without words, her head fell back her eyes closing while he slowly and steadily pushed into her, stopping for a moment pulling back, before pushing deeper, hesitating allowing her to stretch and adjust to the thickness that was filling her, his cock throbbing inside her tight pussy.
Sasha stopped for a second in shock while she watched him pushing into Aly's pussy, moving to kneel in the bed beside them she lifted the camera again and begin shooting seeing him burying himself ever deeper into the slender blonde who was tied and almost suspended from the sheer curtains of her own bed.
Leaning back from her, he looked down watching her wiggling her hips, pushing herself down onto his cock. He felt the muscles inside her working to take more and more of him. Holding still he allowed her to lift and lower herself stroking his cock with her body as she made love to him while he watched. Releasing the pressure on her hair he met her eyes when she lifted her head, he almost groaned seeing the desire flashing in her eyes as she gasped feeling the head of his cock nestling itself against her very core.
She held very still for a minute allowing her muscles to relax, enjoying the slight pain while his cock throbbed deep inside of her forcing the muscles to expand even further. Looking at him she shifted her hips, pulling up before pushing back down impaling herself on the hard thick shaft. A smile touched her lips when she saw his eyes glaze over with the same overwhelming passion and desire that he'd caused for her earlier. Glancing at Sasha she almost smiled when she felt him grab her tightly, pulling back before thrusting into her deeply as she saw Sasha move in for better shots.
Aiden saw her look at Sasha, the look of satisfaction that flashed across her face, pinching her ass lightly he met her eyes and grinned before he pushed forward sharply slamming his cock into her sending the moan from her lips as she wrapped her legs around him pulling him tightly into her, she opened her thighs to allow him greater access to burying his entire cock inside of her.
He quickly forgot about the half naked woman kneeling beside he and Aly when he lifted her body away from the wall, holding her hips tightly, he started setting a faster pace, thrusting deeper into her with each stroke. Feeling the tight muscles dancing along the entire shaft he knew that with a few deep strokes she'd be cumming on his cock and not his fingers this time.
She watched his face while he watched his cock vanished inside the wide spread lips of her pussy. She bit her lip when he ran his thumb over her exposed clit setting her on fire as the warming lotion got hotter under his touch just as he started slamming his cock into her harder and faster.
He felt his cock swelling, the hot cum threatening to erupt from his balls, needing to explode inside her, filling her tight pinkness with the huge burning load of cum. Pushing into her faster he watched her face as she exploded again, gritting his teeth he fought the urge to follow her, pouring himself into her, but not yet not until she was finished and ready.
As her breath calmed slightly she saw the clenching of his jaw and felt the twitching of his cock with each thrust into her stretched pussy as he pushed the wetness from her. Feeling him pull his cock back, only the swollen throbbing head at the banded muscle at the opening of her pussy she met his eyes. Seeing him losing the battle she watched him pull his cock out of her pussy as it began to erupt shooting a thick stream of hot cum over her stomach.
"Inside me", she gasped when she felt it land on her skin, pushing back down toward him, she heard his deep growl before he thrust his exploding cock deep inside her slamming to the bottom on one stroke, filling her with the burning cum as if pouring lava from a volcano.
Sasha sat back grinning before she crawled from the edge of the bed, knowing she'd caught it all, everything from Aiden's deep fucking thrusts to his cock exploding over Aly's body before slamming back into her to empty his cum deep in her dripping pussy.
Aiden dropped his head to her breast, catching his breath as his cock twitched deep inside her, his cum dripped out of her down over his legs and onto the bed beneath him. Feeling her gentle kiss on his temple he looked up at her.
"Your mine now, you know that don't you?" he asked in a whisper before leaning up capturing her lips under hers as she nodded yes.
Later in the week Aly stood in the dark room watching the clock and turning the photo paper over in the developing chemicals while she waited for images and outlines to slowly be seen from the white sheets of paper. She smiled when she began seeing the images. The chuckle behind her made her glance over her shoulder at Aiden.
"Sasha should think about taking up photography as a hobby don't you think?" he said wrapping his arm around her, watching as the images of the two of them became clear, the one in particular was of the two of them as his cock was erupting inside her body filling her and branding her as his own.
"I'm just really happy she had the fantasy to have your first time together photographed," she said quietly leaning back against him, "If not then we wouldn't have had the chance to have her photograph our first time," she smiled in the red tinted light of the darkroom.