Kate slipped into a large t-shirt of mine that she had appropriated for herself. On her it was like a short dress, an incredibly short dress, and I was hoping she was going to slip some panties on under it. Of course she didn't, I knew my friends had already seen Kate's pussy, but I wasn't keen on that happening again. Plus, I was now confident that no one had touched Kate's pussy, that it was just her teasing them. I wanted to make sure it remained just that, teasing, but with only a large shirt covering her lower half the risk was now way higher. I had to admit to myself that as long as things didn't go too far, the teasing was exciting. I hoped it would continue to the extent Kate and I would have more crazy sex tonight.
When we got outside Steve had gotten a lot more alcohol out. "who wants a shot?"
"Me, me!" Kate yelled. She ran over and quickly threw back a shot. "Wooooo!" Kate yelled as bounced up and down a couple times. As she did the t-shirt lifted long enough to make it abundantly obvious to the guys that she wasn't wearing any panties.
"Whoa! Getting started without us, huh?" JJ said.
Kate grabbed one of the shots that Steve had poured. She brought it up to her chest between her tits. It was obvious she had no bra on under the shirt. She used her hands to squeeze the shot glass between her tits. "Time for you boys to catch up, Greg come over here!"
I ran over and crouched by Kate. She leaned over, pouring the shot into my waiting mouth. I have to admit it was hot taking a shot from between my girlfriend's tits. Especially knowing the guys had to be dying with jealousy from the sight.
"Ok who's next?" Kate asked, grabbing another shot. Hold on, I thought, she was going to do that with the guys too?
"Me first!" JJ said. He ran over and took the shot.
"Me next," Dean said calmly, patting his lap.
Kate ran over, jumping on and straddling Dean's lap. Then just as before holding the shot between her tits she leaned forward allowing him to drink the shot.
Kate then ran over to Steve, who was already holding out his shot and smiling. After drinking his shot Kate turned around to set down the shot glass and he smacked her ass!
"Ouch!" Kate squealed, she lifted the back of the t-shirt exposing her ass and rubbed it "that hurt a little, and look it's a little pink now!"
Steve let out a small grin, "oh sorry, come here." Steve lowered himself, put his hands on Kate's hips and planted a loud kiss right on her ass cheek. "There!"
"That's more like it!" Kate said with a little nod. "Now I need more shots to forget about the pain!"
"I have an idea. You fed us our shots, only fair to return the favor right?" Steve said filling a shot glass and putting it in his waistband.
Kate clapped saying, "oh what fun!" she got on her knees in front of Steve. It was an awkward movement for Steve to lean forward with the shot. Kate reached behind him and held his ass for support. I didn't like how close Kate's face was to Steve's crotch, luckily it was over quickly.
Dean followed suit and so did JJ. But when JJ was doing it he must've had the shot glass too low and it slid below his waistband into his shorts. "Oh no!" Kate yelled quickly reacting and reaching into JJ's waistband! "I got it! Don't make any sudden movements so it doesn't spill!" Kate said.
Her entire hand was inside JJ's shorts and it appeared underwear as well. She slowly withdrew it. She had the shot glass in her hand thanks to her quick reflexes. I was glad that at the very least with the shot glass in her hand she couldn't have grabbed his dick, but it was likely the back of her hand touched it.
Kate then proceeded to rub her hand on the outside of JJ's shorts over his bulge and said, "I think you are dry." Then gave the area a brief pat, "no spills!" She then placed the shot back in the waistband and took the shot. She totally had to feel his cock through his shorts that time. I wanted to tell her to tone down the teasing, but I found myself getting turned on from the sight. I didn't know what I wanted!
"What now?" Kate asked the group.
"We should play some drinking games, what should we do first?" Steve asked.
"Truth or dare?" Dean suggested.
"That's not even a drinking game," JJ replied.
"Yeah, and might be a little risky to play while drinking. Maybe never have I ever,"Kate suggested, "It's one of my favorites!"
"Sounds good to me," I hastily replied. I was happy to embrace a suggestion that wasn't truth or dare, which would result in too many liberties taken by my friends.
"Awesome! Everyone get a drink!" Steve said.
We all mixed our own drinks. Kate made a screwdriver. She used a concerning amount of vodka. Then we all sat down. Kate sat next to me, sitting cross-legged. Her shirt failed to cover her pussy like this but luckily she held her drink between her legs, covering it from view.
Steve said, "who wants to start? Greg?"
"Sure," I answered. "Never have I ever gotten a speeding ticket."
My friends laughed and shook their heads.
"What?"
"No way!"
"Ha, big shocker there," Kate said. She always told me I drive like a grandpa.
They all took a drink. Kate went next, "never have I ever went paint balling." She must have remembered about a paint balling trip I took with the guys only a couple months prior. My friends and I all took a drink.
As we continued around the circle I noticed the guys looking at Kate every time she drank, I soon realized why. Each time she took a drink she moved her cup from between her legs, exposing her pussy. So much for them not seeing that again I thought.
When it got to Steve he said, "never have I ever had a three-way." None of the guys took a drink, but Kate did! I didn't know she had ever done that.
That sure got the guys attention and they started asking questions.
"Two guys or two girls?" Steve asked.
"Two guys," Kate calmly replied.
"Was it with Greg?" JJ asked.
Kate shook her head, "nope, that was before we met."
Dean then asked, "how was it? Would you do it again?"
"It was so much fun! I would do it again, although I'd want to go full gang bang with more guys next time."
The guys all looked at each other in a hopeful shock.
Kate started to laugh, "oh you boys are too easy to get worked up! I just wanted to see your reaction, so don't be expecting a freaky gang bang. Greg isn't the type to risk crossing swords." The guys slumped in disappointment, of course I was relieved.
It didn't take long for us to get through our first round of drinks. When I needed a refill Kate got it for me. Next time I took a drink I almost choked. She had made mine really strong. Everyone laughed and Dean said, "can't keep up with the big boys today Greg?"
"This is like pure alcohol," I said.
"Oh, I just thought you could use a little something else to relax, besides mine is strong too!" Kate said.
"At least she's not choking!" JJ added.
"Guess the big boys aren't the only ones that can keep up," Kate said, emphasizing the word big. What was that supposed to mean?
"Never had I ever deep throated a cock," JJ said. Kate was of course the only one to take a drink, the guys were doing a lot of these sexual ones.
Kate set her drink to her side, still sitting cross-legged, no longer making an attempt to cover her pussy. Kate slurred a little as she said, "hey all these sex questions are unfair. I'm taking all the drinks! You guys haven't done anything sexual!"
"Well, you could help change that," Steve said slyly.
I chuckled, "sorry bro, she's taken."
"Yeah!" Kate added, "naughty boys! Objectifying me like that!"
"We might feel bad if we couldn't tell you were enjoying it," Dean commented pointing between her legs. "Even from here I can see how wet you are."
Dean was right, I could see it too. I wasn't sure how I felt, it turned me on a little that the guys were seeing this knowing they couldn't have it. At the same time this private intimate part of Kate's was something only I had the privilege of seeing until today. Now it was seemingly a normal thing for the guys to see it. And she was visibly aroused, the guys hadn't seen that before.
Kate looked down and wiped her fingers across her pussy. She examined her now wet fingers and shrugged, "huh, looks like all this talk did get me wet. Greg is going to be a busy boy tonight." She gave me a wink.
At least I was going to get some more sex out of all of this. Although I was concerned with all the alcohol I might not be able to get it up later.
"Oh great," Steve said, "Greg here gets to bang you for the millionth time today after we've gotten you all horny, while you blue ball the rest of us!"
"Hey sorry but your balls aren't my responsibility," Kate replied. Then she smiled, "you boys could always take care of each other." Kate and I both roared with laughter as the guys groaned and rolled their eyes.
I was reminded that throughout all the teasing today, I was the guy getting all the action. I felt proud and exited for what would come later. My mind wandered in a drunken haze as I thought about all the sex we had and that we were going to have. I had been losing track of the conversation until a statement grabbed my attention.
"The least you could do is give us some spanking material," Dean said.
"Yeah take off that shirt, it's not like it's anything we haven't already seen," JJ added.
I was in such a haze from the alcohol that it was almost dreamlike. I don't remember what Kate said, but she shrugged and lifted her shirt over her head. Her naked body once again completely exposed to the probing gaze of my friends.
I think I blacked out after that, I'm not certain. I just remember the next thing I heard was Steve asking, "ok Kate truth or dare?" It was also darker and the sun was setting.
When did they start playing truth or dare I thought to myself. I heard Kate say, "Truth."
I didn't even hear the question, but Kate replied, "um, he's kind of on the smaller side actually. Especially compared to you guys." What kind of question was that an answer too? I was trying to focus, but the alcohol made it difficult.
"Do you think Greg wants a turn?" I heard JJ say laughing.
Kate replied, "Nah he's completely out of it."
I tried to say something, but all that came out was, "wha?"
I heard everyone laugh and my focus drifted again.
Next thing I knew it was dark and I heard a moan. I looked over and saw Kate with her legs spread, apparently playing with herself. From here it was a fuzzy sequence of images. I thought I saw the guys naked. Were they masturbating too? Then I thought I saw someone playing with Kate's tits, but couldn't make out who. Next thing to my right I saw someone getting a handjob, I panicked for a moment, but I thought I had seen Kate to my left? Were the guys giving each other handjobs? That couldn't be right, my drunken mind was so confused.
All the events were so jumbled, I honestly had no idea what was going on until I heard Kate say, "Greg hunny lets get to bed, I need your cock."
I barely remember the walk to the room, but I do remember lying naked on my back. Kate was sucking on my dick, but I wasn't getting hard.
Kate began talking however I was only able to register a few of the words, "hunny I can't get you hard...really horny....mind if I....get off....just....relief."
"Huh?" I asked.
"Is that ok hunny?" Kate asked.
I wasn't coherent and was about to pass out so I just said, "sure babe." And passed right out.
The alcohol and teasing of the day really worked up my subconscious. I had the most vivid dream. Kate walked Dean into our room holding his hand. They were both giggling and Dean said "are you sure?"
Kate answered, "it's fine Greg told me that I could get off with you."
The dream jumped forward. Now Dean had his head between Kate's legs eating her out. She clenched the bed sheets as he got her off. The dream jumped forward again.
"What are we going to do with this?" Kate was now holding Dean's hard cock. "you'll never be able to sleep with it like this."
Kate lowered her mouth onto Dean's hard cock. He moaned while her head moved up and down. She stopped for a moment and asked, "how is your first blow job?"
Dean answered, "fuck this feels amazing. You are incredible. I-I think I'm going to cum!"
Kate pulled Dean's cock deep into her mouth as he came. She remained on his cock for a few moments. "I'm happy you liked it, next time I'm sure you'll be able to go longer."
They chatted for a bit, but I can't remember what they said.
My eyes snapped open to a dark room. I looked around and saw Kate naked, but asleep next to me. I sighed with relief as I realized I was in fact just dreaming. I felt something in my underwear and realized I must have had a wet dream. I got up, took off my shorts and underwear and got back on the bed.
As I got back down I noticed a wet spot on the bed. Then it dawned on me, the question Kate was asking me! When I couldn't get hard she must have asked if she could get herself off. I didn't have much luck getting her to squirt, but I knew she could do it when masturbating. So that must have been what happened. My dream probably came from my subconscious hearing her get off and combining it with the events from today.
I put my arm around Kate thinking about how lucky I was having a sexy and horny girlfriend like Kate. I drifted off to sleep wondering what sexy dreams I might have next.