This was meant to be the final chapter in this series. However, one of my failings as a writer is that I fall for my own characters. So, to borrow from the James Bond films, Penny, Megan, Paula, Mike, Jim, Helen, and Harry will return in "The Performance CH 05."
While I hope that this piece stands on its own, it is a continuation of the story told in my previous works "The Performance, "The Performance CH 02," and "The Performance CH 03." I think this chapter will make a lot more sense if you read those chapters, in sequence, first.
This story draws on some real experiences but is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to any real person or entity is coincidental and unintended. Thank you very much for reading my stories. Please leave comments.
*****
Penny's friend Adrian Moss, an assistant professor of Theater Arts at the University, was critical to making our performance happen. He had persuaded seven seniors in his department to be our production crew. The students handled sound and lights. Two of them checked in the audience members against our list of invited guests who had RSVP'd. They were not being paid. Their compensation, according to Adrian, was being a part of a "unique theatrical experience."
The most visible crew member was our "stagehand," Paula Hartweg. Paula would come onstage during the show to gather discarded clothing, take it to the wings, and make sure that it got back to the correct person. Paula would also bring out the few props we were using. Paula was a quiet young lady with a plain face and light brown hair. Because she would appear onstage, she was dressed up for the performance in a long purple dress. The dress had a halter-like top that appeared to individually cup each of her substantial breasts while leaving her back bare. The dress fit tightly around her flat stomach and full, nicely rounded ass. Although the dress came down to Paula's ankles, it was slit almost to her hips on both sides, showing a pleasing amount of calf and thigh when she walked.
Adrian himself functioned as "stage manager." Just at 8:00 p.m., one of his students called him in the wings to say that the audience had all checked in, that we were only two seats shy of a full house, and that no one had tried to get in who wasn't on the guest list. That gave us a degree of confidence that we'd be undressing among friends and that the edgier parts of the show were unlikely to appear online or get us busted. Penny gave Adrian a nod. He gave the cue and, in a loud whisper, told us "house lights going down."
Mainly because she had done this before, we'd all agreed that Penny would function as "master of ceremonies." Once the stage lights came up sufficiently for her to be seen, Penny walked onstage in her print dress and heels. We were watching from stage right. A spotlight picked Penny up and followed her as she walked around the stage. The small headset microphone piped Penny's voice through the PA system.
"Good evening and welcome," Penny said to the audience. "Thank you for coming. The purpose of tonight's performance is for me and a few friends to show off our nude bodies, so it's nice to have someone here to see us. A couple of housekeeping matters first. Please understand that none of us are, in any way, connected to the Wilson School and this show is in no way sponsored by the School. The School was simply nice enough to rent us this theater and not ask too many questions. Also, the air conditioning in the theater is set a bit higher than normal. That is for our comfort since we will be nude for most of the performance. We hope that it does not make you uncomfortable. However, if anyone does get too warm, you are more than welcome to remove your clothing during the performance." That drew a nervous laugh from the audience.
Penny walked back and forth downstage, making eye contact with as many in the audience as she could. From what I could see of her face, it seemed that Penny was truly enjoying the anticipation of undressing in front of these people.
After a couple of passes of the width of the stage, Penny resumed her monologue. "I hope that you don't mind listening to me talk, but that's not what you came for. It's not what I came for either. I came here tonight because I really enjoy having people see my nude body. So, I think it's time that we let that happen." The audience applauded as Penny began to unbutton her dress. When she finished with the buttons, Penny pulled the dress off her shoulders and handed it to Paula who had come onstage. Paula moved to the extreme right of the stage as Penny stood at center stage in a very sheer bra and panties.
"I paid a lot of money for this lingerie," Penny joked, "so I want to show it off for a moment. This also lets you and me build anticipation for the moment when I take these off." Penny walked back and forth across the stage again. Stopping at center stage, Penny said, "I don't know about you, but I'm getting excited. I guess I'd better get these things off before I get the panties too wet." There was another nervous chuckle from some in the audience. Penny reached behind her back and unhooked her bra. She took it off and handed it to Paula. I thought Penny would draw out this part of her stripping, but she immediately put her hands on her hips and began pushing down her panties. She leaned forward to pull them past her high heels, straightened, and handed the panties to Paula, who went offstage with Penny's clothes.
Penny stood at center stage nude, not speaking, with her arms at her sides, for a moment before breaking into a broad smile. "That's better, don't you think?" she asked the audience. Several people applauded.
Penny stepped downstage. "Supposedly," she said, "many people have nightmares about being naked in front of a room full of people. Well, this is the second time I've done it and I have to say; this is no nightmare. It is a dream come true. If you ever get the chance to do what I'm doing now, you really should take it. You will be amazed at how liberated, empowered, and excited you will feel. Oh, shit, sorry, I haven't shown you my ass."
With that, Penny turned her back to the audience. The spotlight on her brightened noticeably and narrowed highlight Penny's buttocks. Penny held that position while Paula brought a tall, three-leg stool onstage. When Paula had left the stage, Penny walked to the stool and sat, facing the audience. Penny spread her legs and said, "I also wanted to show you my pussy. I hope everyone can see it." The spotlight tightened onto Penny's vulva. After a moment of complete silence, some people started clapping and that grew into a round of general applause.
"Thank you," Penny said. "You can't imagine how good this makes me feel. I would gladly stay out here by myself showing off to you for another hour, but I have some friends who also want you to see them nude. The first people whom I want you to meet are my dear friends Megan and Harry."
That was our cue to go onstage. Megan squeezed my hand and led me out of the wings. I had thought about this moment a lot and didn't know how I would feel. In the event, I was nervous, but I was mainly focused on not screwing up.
"Please go to downstage center," Penny told us as we walked out. "Megan and Harry are my very, very good friends," Penny said. "Megan and Harry are also very much in love with each other. They have been kind enough to include me in their sexual relationship. In a moment, you will see a small part of what I find so attractive about this couple."
Megan and I were both wearing the headset microphones. After letting us stand in front of the audience clothed for a moment, Penny asked "Megan, do you want these nice people to see your nude body tonight?"
Megan enthusiastically replied. "Yes, very much."
"Harry, would you please accommodate your lover's wish and undress her?" Penny asked. Paula came back onstage and stood on the other side of me from Megan with her right side to the audience. I looked at Megan for a moment before I started the undressing. She looked very, very beautiful. She also looked happy and excited. I noticed that she was breathing a little fast.
I stepped behind Megan and undid the clasp above her dress's zipper. As I did so, Megan told the audience, "I've been so looking forward to this." I unzipped the dress and helped Megan take it off her shoulders. As I lowered the dress down Megan's body, I realized that she was wearing a bra, but no panties. When I got the dress to the floor, Megan stepped out of it. I stood up and handed the dress to Paula. There was now a spotlight on Megan and me. Megan turned far enough to give me a quick peck on the cheek then turned back to face the audience fully.
From her stool, Penny exclaimed, "No panties! Megan, I am so proud of you. Let's have a hand for a woman who doesn't wear panties under her dress." Penny started to applaud, and the audience followed. When the applause died, Penny said, "Megan has an exquisite pair of tits. Harry, would you please take that bra off Megan so everyone can see them?"
I was still behind Megan. I unhooked her bra and pushed the straps forward onto her arms. When I got them far enough, Megan grasped the bra and took it the rest of the way off. Megan handed her bra to Paula, who walked off stage. I stepped to Megan's side. In the spotlight, Megan looked very naked. She was smiling. I could see a gleam in her eye. Her nipples were erect.
"Megan," Penny asked, "Have you ever been naked in front of 300 clothed people before?"
"No," Megan answered.
"How does it feel to have all of these people looking at your nude body?" Penny asked.
"Wow," Megan said. "It feels exciting and very gratifying. This is a real rush."
"Turn around so they can see your ass," Penny instructed. Megan turned her back to the audience. "Is that or is that not the perfect female ass?" Penny asked. The audience answered with applause. I could see Megan's smile grow wider. "Are you enjoying yourself?" Penny asked Megan.
"Definitely," Megan replied.
Penny let Megan stand with her back to the audience for a moment before asking her to turn back around. "Megan, what else would you like besides everyone seeing you in the nude?" Penny asked.
"I'd really like everyone to see my lover Harry in the nude," Megan replied. We had rehearsed this a little bit earlier that day.
"Harry," Penny asked, "Are you ready to be exposed to the audience?"
"That's what I came for," I replied.
Megan stepped in front of me and squatted down. She untied each of my shoes. As she did, I lifted my foot out of the shoe and Megan handed it to Paula, who was back onstage. To save time, I had not worn any socks. Without socks, the shoes were uncomfortable. I was glad to have them off.
Megan stood up in front of me and pushed my jacket off. I caught it as it slid off my arms and handed it to Paula. Megan undid my tie and yanked it out from underneath my collar with a flourish. Megan handed the tie to Paula. Megan undid my belt and the hasp at the top of my trousers. She pulled the tail of my shirt out of my trousers and began unbuttoning it. When Megan had the shirt front and cuffs unbuttoned, I took it off and handed it to Paula. I never wear undershirts.
Megan was still standing naked, facing me with her back to the audience. She rose up on her toes and gave me a kiss on the lips. Settling back on her feet, Megan pulled down the zipper on my trousers and pulled them past my hips and down my legs. When my trousers reached the floor, I stepped out of them so that Megan could hand them to Paula.
Megan rose back up and stepped to a side so that the audience could see me standing in only a pair of tight, silk, bikini briefs. They were a gift from Megan for the show. After I had stood there for a moment, Penny said, "Let me ask the women in the house: Do you want to see what's under Harry's briefs?"
There was a round of applause. A voice yelled, "Guys want to see it too!" That produced laughter in the audience.
Penny said, "Megan?"
Megan stepped back in front of me. She was smiling and her eyes were twinkling. Megan put a hand on the waistband of my briefs at each hip and pulled them down. I raised my feet one at a time when she reached the floor so that she could get my briefs off. Megan handed my briefs to Paul, who took my clothes offstage.
Megan stepped aside so that nothing was between me and the audience. Thinking about this moment in advance, I had thought that I'd probably be embarrassed. When it happened, I wasn't embarrassed at all. I felt proud to be standing there naked. I felt like I was enjoying a special privilege, getting to be naked when almost everyone else in the room was dressed. I was also proud that the audience was seeing Megan and me together naked. The thought ran briefly through my mind that I wished Megan and could spend the rest of our lives together without ever wearing any clothes again.
Megan tapped me gently on my shoulder. I turned to face her and understood immediately what she wanted. We gave each other a tight nude hug and kissed. We both had our hands on the other's ass, pulling our pelvises tightly together. I guess it looked ok because we got another round of applause.
When we broke our embrace, Penny said, "Harry, please turn around and show the audience your ass." I did. As I stood with my back to the audience, Penny got off her stool and walked over to Megan and me. As I turned around to face the audience again, Penny said to them, "This is how Megan, Harry, and I are most of the time we are together, naked." Penny put out her arms. Megan and I joined her in another nude hug. The audience couldn't see it, but all three of us were smiling. The audience did hear Penny say, "I love you guys."
When we boke the hug, Penny led us the rest of the way downstage. We were standing in a row facing the audience, with me between Megan and Penny.
To the audience, Penny said, "I'm proud of Harry. I know how hard my nipples are right now, but he's still limp. That's good. We're supposed to save the hard-ons until later." Penny went on. "One thing about the male anatomy is that a guy's dicks tend to cover up his balls. I like men's balls. What about you Megan?"
Megan said, "I like Harry's balls."
"Have you ever had Harry's balls in your mouth?" Penny asked Megan.
"Oh yeah, many times," Megan answered.
"Megan, why don't you lift up Harry's dick so that the audience can see what goes in your mouth," Penny directed.
Megan reached across my abdomen, grasped my dick firmly by the shaft, and raised it up. The spotlight tightened in on my balls. I was surprised at how warm that light felt.
After a moment, Penny stepped closer and squeezed my balls gently. To the audience, Penny said, "I like how Harry's balls feel in my hand. Ladies, if you get a chance after the show, give Harry's balls a squeeze. I'd invite the guys to do the same, but I'm not sure that Harry would appreciate that."
Megan let my dick down. Penny asked her, "Has Harry ever put that lovely dick in your ass?"
"No," Megan answered.
"Me neither," Penny said, "that's a shame."
"I guess we'd need to do an enema or something first to clean ourselves out," Megan said.
Walking in front of me to Megan, Penny said, "Turn around and bend forward a little." Megan did and Penny spread her ass cheeks. "I'll put an enema tube in that asshole," Penny said. "In fact, I'd love to play with that asshole."
"Let's see yours," Megan replied.
With mock indignation, Penny said, "You've seen my asshole a bunch of times!"
"Not with a lot of people watching us," Megan replied.
"Good point," Penny said. She took her hands off Megan's ass. Megan straightened and turned. Penny was next to her. Penny turned her back to the audience and leaned forward.
Megan spread Penny's ass. She giggled. "Yeah, I'll give you an enema," Megan said. "I might have to feel around a bit first."
Penny straightened. "What about you Harry? Could we put something up your ass?"
"I've given Harry prostate massage," Megan interjected. "He loves it and it makes him very hard."
I said to Penny, "Well, my ass belongs to Megan, but I think you have permission to use it."
Penny turned to the audience. "Something to look forward to," she said.
Megan took my hand and we walked upstage. Penny went back to her stool. "I've got two more people I'd like you to meet," Penny said to the audience. "My parents, Helen and Jim."
There was a bit of a gasp from some of the audience as Helen and Jim walked onstage. The resemblances were enough for most people to recognize that Penny was, in fact, Helen's and Jim's daughter. As they stood onstage clothed, Penny asked them, "You really are my parents, right?"
"I changed your diapers many times," Jim said.
"And we paid your college bills," Helen added.
"You're both nudists?" Penny asked her parents.
"Since college," Helen answered. "Jim, Harry, and I went nude a lot. Jim and I have kept on doing it."
To the audience, Penny said, "That's right. I have regular sex with my parents' best friend from college." To her parents, Penny said, "Being a nudist is about relaxing naked with friends, not about showing off your nude body. Are you ready to do some showing off tonight?"
"I've been looking forward to this ever since you first mentioned it," Helen said.
"Why?" Penny asked.
"Jim, Harry, and I went to the show you did about three years ago where you got onstage and undressed by yourself. I know that you enjoyed that tremendously, so I wanted to have the experience myself," Helen replied.
"Dad?" Penny asked.
"I thought that it would be something different, and that it would be fun to get naked and play around a little with you, Helen, Harry, and Megan," Jim replied.
"Well," Penny said, "we're going to do a bit more tonight that I did by myself three years ago."
"Dear," Helen said to Penny, "can we get our clothes off? I've been standing here clothed too long for my tastes."
Penny laughed. "Dad, would you please undress my mother for the audience?" Penny asked.
Jim quickly undressed Helen and gave her clothes to Paula to take offstage. I'd known Helen for decades and had sex with her once, many years ago. She never looked better than she did onstage that night once she was naked.
Helen undressed Jim. As an improvisation, Helen managed to fondle Jim's dick while she took his briefs off. Helen was into the spirit of things, but poor Jim was revealed to the audience with a semi.
Once Helen and Jim were undressed and had shown the audience their bare asses, Penny got off her stool and walked over to them. Standing next to them, she asked, "You raised me as a nudist?"
"Of course," Jim answered.
"I've read that children freely go nude until puberty then get very unwilling to been seen nude by their parents," Penny said. "Was I like that?"
"Not at all," Helen laughed. "You've always preferred to be naked. Jim and I got to watch your breasts develop and your pubic hair come in." Helen reached out and tapped a corner of Penny's neatly trimmed bush. "You used to be much bushier than this," Helen said. "You groom your pubes a lot more now."
Helen had shaven herself bare for the show. Penny said, "You usually have pubic hair. Why'd you shave?"
"I wanted to be completely bare for this show," Helen said.
"Does knowing that everyone is seeing your cunt lips get you excited Mom?" Penny asked.
"Yes," Helen replied. Penny quickly stuck her index finger between her Mother's legs. Raising it up to her face, Penny said. "Yes, you're wet. Do you want to check me?"
"Sure," Helen said. She slowly ran her finger along the outside of Penny's cunt. Looking at her finger, Helen said, "You're wetter."
"May I check?" Jim asked.
"Dad, that would be incest," Penny said. "We're not doing that, at least not tonight." As far as I know, Jim and Penny were joking.
Penny changed subjects. "You guys go nude in your pool?" she asked.
"No one is allowed to wear anything in our pool," Jim declared.
"Even at pool parties?" Penny asked.
"We don't really have those," Helen said. "Usually, it's just you, Megan, and Harry over on weekends."
Penny said to us, "Megan and Harry, would you come down here?" Megan and I walked downstage. The five of us stood in a semi-circle with Penny at the apex.
Penny said, "Dad, you and Harry have known each other a long time, right?"
"For decades," Jim said.
"You're best friends, right?" Penny asked. Jim and I nodded. To both of us, Penny asked, "Have you two ever touched each other's dicks?" Jim and I both shook our heads emphatically. "I'm going to ask you to each take the other man's dick in your hand and hold it for a moment in front of these people."
I was annoyed. We hadn't talked about this in advance. From the look on Jim's face, he felt the same. However, the wicked smiles Megan and Helen were showing told me that the women had planned this.
Neither Jim nor I moved. "Please," Penny pleaded. We stood still.
"Please Harry," Megan asked.
"You're not getting fucked after the show if you don't," Helen declared.
"That's right!" Megan agreed.
After a moment, Jim reached across the semi-circle and lightly wrapped his hand around my shaft. I felt a little repulsed, but I reached out and took Jim's dick in my hand. We held each other, distastefully, for a moment before we each let go.
Penny said, "Thank you very much for playing along with me. I thought that was hot." Penny gave me a hug and a kiss. Megan hugged and kissed Jim.
Penny gave a slight nod of her head, which was planned and was the cue for Helen, Jim, and me to move upstage. Penny and Megan stayed downstage center.
"Damn girl," Penny said to Megan. "We're being pretty naughty tonight. First, we take off all our clothes in front on 300 people, then we make my Dad and your lover hold each other's penises. What's gotten into us? What should be done to us?
The next bit of dialogue had to be hard for Megan. "I think that we both deserve to have our bare asses spanked," Megan said. It came out lightly, but I knew it raised bad memories for Megan. This had been an element of the show that Penny pushed hard for.
Paula came onstage carrying a chair. She placed it at center stage in front of Megan and Penny. The chair was facing stage left.
"Harry, get down here," Penny called. I left Helen and Jim upstage and walked to Megan and Penny. "Harry," Penny said, "we've been bad. You need to spank me and Megan."
I was very concerned about how Megan would deal with this and had tried, unsuccessfully, to talk Penny out of it. I looked at Megan. She gave a small nod. To Penny, I said, "ok." I sat in the chair facing stage left.
To Megan, Penny said, "May I go first?" Megan nodded. Penny stepped in front of me with her back to the audience. She lay herself face down over my thighs. After a moment, she spread her legs. To the audience, Penny asked, "Can everyone see me?" Someone in the audience wolf whistled. Penny laughed. After another long moment, Penny said, "Harry, what are you waiting for?"
I had, of course, seen Penny's gorgeous bare ass many times and it looked lovely across my lap. Never had I thought about hitting it. It took an act of will for me to give Penny's left cheek a slight slap.
"Harry," Penny said derisively, "you can do better than that!" I slapped Penny's right cheek a bit harder. "Harder still Harry," Penny said. Largely out of frustration, I gave Penny's left cheek a pretty hard smack. "That's it!" Penny yelled. I tried to replicate that same blow twice on her right and once more on her left. Looking down, I saw that Penny's ass had a pink cast to it. I stopped.
Penny stood up and gave me a quick kiss. She stepped away from me and turned her ass to the audience. "Did he do a good enough job?" Penny asked. The audience applauded.
With more seeming enthusiasm than I think she really felt; Megan chirped "My turn!" She gave me a kiss and a meaningful look before she lay across my lap. Megan's ass looked, as it always does, exquisite. Megan spread her legs wider than Penny had.
"How does it feel to have your cunt and asshole so completely exposed?" Penny asked Megan.
"It feels pretty exciting to be honest," Megan replied. Well, that part I could believe.
"Harry, would you please put a finger in Megan and see if she's wet?" Penny asked. I did and she was. I put my finger in my mouth and licked Megan's juices off it.
Playing her role, Megan said, "Harry, I need my punishment."
Spanking Penny had been difficult. Bringing myself to slap Megan's ass was almost impossible. I hoped that the audience thought my hesitation was just for effect. I finally brought my hand down on Megan's ass very softly.
Both Megan and Penny exclaimed, "Harry!" Megan added, "Please spank me harder."
I spanked Megan again, harder. She said, "That's good." I gave her four more spanks. Her ass was pink. I stopped but Megan said, "Two more, please!" I spanked Megan twice more. She stood up as did I. Megan gave me a tight hug. In my ear, she whispered, "That was really hot!"
Megan walked to Penny, turned to display her ass, and asked, "Am I red?"
"Pleasingly pink," Penny replied. "Show the audience." Megan turned her ass to the audience and bent so that it jutted forward. I hoped that the audience was applauding Megan's beautiful ass rather than what I had done to it.
From upstage, Helen called, "Hey, I'm running around naked too. Don't I get a spanking?"
Penny laughed and said, "Dad, would you please give Mom a spanking."
Megan and I walked upstage out of the way as Jim sat down and Helen draped herself over his legs. Helen spread her legs very wide and said, "Jim, check to make sure I'm wet."
Jim mimicked my actions by putting his finger into Helen and then licking it off. Then, Jim gave Helen a forceful smack on the ass. Helen yelled, "Yes!" Jim followed that with five more and everyone heard Helen yelp as the blows fell. When Helen stood up, I could see that her ass was bright red.
Helen stepped over to Penny and presented her ass. "That's great Mom," Penny said, "Show the audience." Helen turned her red ass to the audience and received a round of applause.
After the applause, Penny asked Helen, "Does it hurt?"
"Yes," Helen replied.
Paula walked out and handed Penny a small tube. Penny said, "This has been in the fridge. I'll will cool you off. May I put it on you?" Helen nodded. About three hundred people watched as Penny spread salve over her Mother's bare ass.
Helen walked to stage left, leaving Penny alone at center stage. Penny said, "Unfortunately, we're running out of things to do that won't get us arrested. There is one thing that we must do before we close. Mom, Dad, Megan, Harry, would you all come here?"
We all walked to center stage next to Penny. Penny smiled and said, "Girls, you know what to do."
Megan took ahold of my dick and started stroking me. As I started getting hard, Megan knelt and took me into her mouth. Megan was (and is) very good with her tongue. She got me very hard, then let me go and stood up. Helen had done the same to Jim. Jim and I were standing there with huge erections that both glistened from our lovers' saliva.
Penny took an arm of each of Jim and me and led us down to the edge of the stage. "Ladies and gentlemen," Penny said, "aren't these two of the nicest looking hard dicks you've ever seen?"
To be honest, I thoroughly enjoyed standing naked in front of about 300 people with a hard-on. I suspect that Jim felt the same way. Penny let us go after a couple of minutes. I walked back to Megan and hugged her tightly. Neither of us minded my dick poking her belly.
Penny said to the audience, "We've been going almost an hour. That's all we have. But, before we all go home, I want to emphasize how much fun we've had being up here nude and showing off. If anyone wants to share that experience, you're welcome to come up onstage now."
This was our planned end to the performance. We didn't expect anyone to accept Penny's offer. However, a woman in the back waved her hand in the air.
"Ma'am," Penny said, "Do you want to come onstage and take your clothes off?" I could see the woman nod but couldn't see clearly enough to know whether I knew her. "Well, please," Penny said, "Come on down!"
The woman stood and worked her way in front of people from her seat to the steps. As she came down the steps, I could see that she was tall and well-dressed. As she turned in front of the orchestra pit to the steps on the side that accessed the stage, I recognized our German friend Ute.
Penny didn't know Ute. When Ute got onstage, Penny handed her one of the headset microphones which Ute put on. "Who are you?" Penny asked.
Smiling, Ute said, "My name is Ute Lehrer and I'm from Frankfurt, Germany. I'm visiting your city on business."
This threw Penny because the general public was not supposed to know about the performance. "How did you...?" Penny asked.
Ute laughed. "I'm a friend of Megan and Harry. My boyfriend Peter and I met them in Germany this summer and we spent some time naked together. Peter and I really like Megan and Harry. When I had to come to Washington for business this Thursday and Friday, I planned to stay Saturday to see them. Megan told me that she and Harry were doing this tonight, although she didn't say exactly what this was, and offered me a ticket."
"Now that you've seen our show," Penny asked, "what do you think of it?"
"It is very entertaining," Ute said, "but I think that it is probably more fun to do than to watch. When you asked the audience to join you, I thought that it would make my evening more fun."
"Since you are friends with Megan and Harry," Penny said, "may I ask Harry to undress you?"
Ute looked at me. "That would be very nice," she said.
Penny gestured for me to come over. I did. My dick was still partially hard. Looking down at it, Ute said, "That looks quite nice Harry. I hope you put that in Megan before too long."
"Harry," Penny said. "I understand that you know this woman. She'd like you to take her clothes off."
I had remembered that Ute was tall. Her face was very angular and was a little intimidating in repose. It changed dramatically when she smiled, as she was doing now. Frankly, I had largely forgotten what Ute looked like naked. She wore a silky tan dress above high heels and had a string of pearls around her neck. I guess that I had gotten into a lustful mood because I was suddenly very curious to be reminded of what Ute looked like without clothes.
I stepped behind Ute and unzipped her dress. I pushed it forward off her shoulders. The dress looked expensive, so I very carefully guided it down Ute's body and held it just off the floor as Ute stepped out of it. Paula had come back onstage. I handed Paula Ute's dress.
Without the dress, Ute was wearing a bra, pantyhose, shoes, and her pearls. I moved in front of Ute and knelt. Ute's face had a look of joy and excitement as she raised a foot and let me remove her shoe. We repeated that process and I gave Paula the shoes. I stood, went behind Ute, and unhooked her bra. I gently pushed the straps forward. Ute took them, took her bra off, and handed it to Paula. I stepped back in front of Ute. Her breasts were smaller than Megan's but looked firmer. I gave her a questioning look. She softly said, "Please."
I grasped the top of Ute's panty hose at each hip. I slid the hose down Ute's hips, revealing to me that Ute was completely shaved. I had to touch Ute's thighs quite a bit to work the pantyhose down her legs. I may have brushed her pussy a time or two. I finally got the panty hose slack around Ute's feet. She lifted her feet out of them. I stood up and decided to leave Ute's pearls on her. I stepped away from Ute, revealing her completely to the audience. I gave the panty hose to Paula, who walked offstage.
Unbidden, Ute strode proudly to the edge of the stage and walked slowly back and forth. She periodically turned or stopped and posed like a model showing off a new fashion. The slender, long-legged bare body which Ute was showing off would always be in fashion. The audience was clapping before Ute had finished her promenade. Ute ended by stopping at center stage, turning her back to the audience, and bending over deeply to expose herself. She held that position for almost a minute while the audience clapped.
Ute straightened and walked back to me without turning around again. Megan had come over to me. Ute gave is each a tight hug and a kiss, saying "Thank you for inviting me."
After the applause for Ute stopped, Penny ask the audience, "Anyone else?"
Over the PA system, a female voice said "Yes."
We all looked around, momentarily baffled. Paula walked out from the wings wearing a microphone.
Penny walked up to her. "Paula, you want to undress?"
"Yes," Paula said.
"Why?" Penny asked.
"You guys look like you've been having so much fun," Paula said. "You guys are obviously aroused, and it has gotten me a little worked up. I thought this would be a sexy night. I thought that I'd get enough of a kick walking on stage in this tight dress with the slits, but that just has me wanting to show more. I'd really like to get completely naked for these people."
"Do you have a boyfriend here whom you'd like to join you?" Penny asked. "We came shame him into coming up and getting naked with you."
Paula smiled. "My boyfriend is here, but he can't come onstage. He's in the back working the lights. I'm sure he'll get off watching me undress in front of an audience. I'll probably get off myself." Paula looked out over the audience. "Mike, I promise we will fuck tonight," she said. That brought a round of applause.
"Would you like Harry or Jim to undress you?" Penny asked.
"No," Paula said. "I'd like to do it myself like you did. I think that's hotter, voluntarily exposing my own nude body. There is something I'd like Harry to do, but I'll get to that."
Penny took a step away. Paula reached behind her neck and undid the hasp of her halter. She brought the two pieces that wrapped behind her neck down in front of her. Paula was not wearing a bra, but I could see cups built into her dress. As she let the top fall below her waist, she visually confirmed that she had large, firm, upturned breasts. She also exposed two very hard-looking nipples.
Paula pushed the dress down past her waist and hips. As she let it fall down her legs, the audience saw her flat stomach and firm thighs. The audience also saw that, notwithstanding the slits in the dress, Paula had worn nothing underneath.
When Paula stepped out of her dress, she handed it to Penny. Penny said, "A slit dress and no panties? That's daring."
Paula smiled. "Mike and I talked about it before we came tonight. I'd originally put panties on, but we decided that I should take them off. It was more fun for me knowing that I might flash someone, and Mike thought it was pretty hot."
Like Ute, Paula took a promenade around the stage, turning so that the audience could see her front and back. Paula also stopped at center stage and exposed herself completely. When she straightened back up, she was grinning. She said, "That was really fun! I hope you enjoyed it Mike."
Penny let Paula be the center of attention for several moments. Paula was so obviously enjoying her time onstage nude, that Penny had to. Penny finally walked up to her and asked, "What was it that you wanted from Harry?"
A little coyly, Paula said, "If you'd bring that chair back out, I'd like Harry to spank me. That looked hot."
Penny got the chair and set it at center stage. I sat down and Paula stood beside me with her ack to the audience. Before getting across my lap, Paula said, "If you could, please finger me first like you did to your girlfriend."
I glanced at Megan, who was smiling. For everyone to hear, Megan said, "If she wants you to, then do it."
Paula got over my lap and spread her legs. I ran a finger over her pussy lips. Paula said, "Please put your finger in me." I did. Not surprisingly, Paula was very aroused. When I took my finger out, Paula said, "Please lick it. I'm healthy." Megan nodded her head, so I put the finger I'd hand in Paula in my mouth. Paula's fluids tasted nice. Almost as nice as Megan's. Paula added, "Please get my ass pink like Megan's but not bright red like Helen's"
Apparently, I had improved with practice. After each spank, Paula said "yum." And, I got her ass an appealing shade of pink. When we finished, Paula stood up, turned her ass to me, and said, "Kiss it and make it better." That threw me. Megan said, "Go ahead Harry." So, I gave Paula's appealing as a kiss on each cheek.
Penny walked back to center stage. "That's the show friends. If you'll stay in your seats just a moment, Paula, Ute, Megan, Harry, Helen, Jim, and I are going to walk up to the lobby. We'll hang out there for a little while, 'in costume' as it were if anyone wants to chat."
Nude, we all followed Penny up the steps through the auditorium and into the lobby. The audience followed us out. People were coming up to us shaking our hands. They said things like, "you guys are courageous," "nice dick," or "nice tits." The ones I liked best were the several people who asked, "Are you doing this again and can I be in it?"
A couple of women whom I knew as friends of Penny had gone out to the parking lot. They came back in with a cooler and plastic cups. The seven of us were standing together, naked, along one wall of the lobby. The women set the cooler down in front of us and opened it. Inside were several bottles of champagne on ice. The woman I knew only as Annie said, "Since you didn't charge to see this, we thought we ought to do something for you." She pulled out a bottle, opened it, and started pouring us champagne.
A thin, wiry young man in a tee shirt and jeans came through the lobby and put an arm around Paula. Penny asked him, "Mike?"
The young man said, "Yeah."
"What do you think about what Paula did?" Penny asked him.
"I thought that she looked fantastic," Mike said. "I keep telling her that she's beautiful dressed and stunning naked." To me, Mike said, "Thanks for going along with the spanking. Being spanked in front of an audience has been a fantasy of hers. I'm just sorry that I couldn't do it."
Paula said, "There will be other times Dear."
My impression when I had met her earlier in the evening was that Paula had a plain face and a great body. I'd found out that I was right about the body. However, seeing her standing naked next to her clothed boyfriend, I saw Paula very differently. She was, in truth, every bit as beautiful as Penny and damned close to Megan.
Megan was standing on the other side of me from Paula and Mike. She tapped my shoulder. When I turned, Megan poured a little of her champagne over her breasts and said, "Lick it off." I did gladly.
Adrian came up to us and said, "We need to close up and clean up."
Penny said, "Ok, tell everyone to leave."
Annie said, "We'll clean up the lobby."
Adrian said, "My crew, without Paula, already has the auditorium clean. Your clothes are on a table in the wings."
Before the seven of us could go back into the auditorium, Megan's painter friend Evan came up. "That was so hot!" He said to all of us. To Paula, Evan said, "I'm gay but I appreciate a beautiful woman when I see one naked. I've got to get you naked with those two and paint the three of you." Evan pointed at Megan and me.
Paula smiled. "Thank you," she said. She looked at Mike who nodded. "I'd love to pose with Megan and Harry," Paula said.
As we were dressing, reluctantly, Ute asked, "Could you take me to my hotel? I took a cab to get here."
Megan said, "We're going skinny dipping at Helen's and Jim's. You're very welcome to join us."
"I'd love to, but I have an early flight tomorrow," Ute replied.
Penny, who was driving, said, "No problem. We're going to Virginia. We can drop you Downtown." Penny turned to Paula and Mike and asked, "Would you like to skinny dip and have a few drinks at my parents' pool?"
Together, Paula and Mike said, "Sure, thank you."
"You've got a car, right?" Penny asked. Mike nodded. Penny said, "Great. If you'll take Mom and Dad, they'll show you how to get there. We'll drop Ute off and be right there."
Penny stopped in a no-parking zone in front of Ute's hotel. I walked Ute inside to the elevators. Ute gave me another hug and a kiss. "Thank you, Harry," she said, "and thank Megan. Tonight was great fun." Ute got a slightly naughty look on her face. "You and Megan need to come back to Germany soon. Now that I know you better, there are many things that the two of you, Peter, and I can do together." The elevator door opened, and Ute got in.
When I went back outside, Penny insisted that I sit in front and that Megan sit on my lap. It was much more comfortable than it sounds.
We had crossed the Potomac and we on a freeway when Penny said, "I love both of you very much. But I think I need to hook up with someone. You two just love each other too much for this threesome thing to work long term."
Paula, Mike, Helen, and Jim were already at the Warners' house and nude when we got there. Megan, Penny, and I stripped off and got a drink. The seven of us talked for a while. Then, Jim surprised me. He pulled the cushions off three lounge chairs and laid them on the patio side-by-side. Jim looked at the rest of us and said, "We all shared something tonight that has left everyone of us horny as hell. I respectfully suggest that we share our relief. I think that we split into three groups. There are three cushions. Folks, it's time to fuck."
Paula gleefully exclaimed, "Wonderful!"
Megan, Penny, and I were in the center. I was on my back. Megan was riding me as she loves to do. Penny was squatting over my face as I went down on her. To my left, Jim was on top of and in Helen. Mike was on his back to my right with Paula riding him. With Penny above me, I couldn't see what Paula was doing, but her sound effects were a nice compliment to what Megan was doing for me and what I was doing for Penny.