Author's note: This story contains scenes of non-consensual/reluctant sex! Also the trans man writing this story uses anatomical terms (vagina, clit, labia) as well as some slang (pussy, hole) to describe genitalia, so if that's not your vibe you have been warned! Thanks for reading.
*****
Dakota was stealth. This was what he said to reassure himself during his daily public bus ride. There were plenty of other short men with small hands, and he no longer got stares like he used to. He even liked riding the bus now. He took a long route through the city, and enjoyed watching the bus fill up and empty with people every day, letting himself disappear into the crowd. Today was particularly packed, with a crowd of businessmen entering when the bus stopped at the convention center. In the growing crowd, Dakota moved to give up his seat in case someone older or less able-bodied than him would need it, and was honestly a little offended when the man who sat down was just another 30-something yuppie.
Dakota didn't mind crowds. He liked feeling anonymous. Sometimes he even fantasized about masturbating on the bus- excited by the thought of bringing himself to orgasm, both completely exposed and totally anonymous among a group of strangers. He always blushed and chased this thought away, though. The bus jolted forward and Dakota's hand clung to the bar, but he still collided slightly with the man behind him. "Sorry," Dakota murmured, earning no response. As the bus moved along, Dakota became more conscious of the man bumping into him- at first only occasionally, and then more often, until the stranger was practically pressed against his ass. Dakota shuffled forward slightly, which was a challenge in the crowd, but found himself confronted with the man's presence again when the bus paused at the next stop and he lurched forward.
More people piled on, and the man behind crept closer. Dakota couldn't shake the feeling of a hand on his ass, pressing gently. He swatted it away- maybe it was just in his mind. The bus moved again, and this time the hands pulled Dakota flush with the body behind him. He felt the hands rub tentatively over his waistband and pushed them off of him. The bus was now too crowded for Dakota to move at all, and was leaving the city. He knew it would be a while before the next stop. The hands returned, pulling his hips back, and he felt the pressure of an erection behind him. Dakota couldn't decide if this was a nightmare or a dream come true. He glanced around him- people were on their phones, or simply standing around, but none were looking up at him. At least, not yet. Dakota took some small comfort in this and let the man behind him continue to rub against his ass.
Dakota felt the hands move from his hips gently over his inner thighs. He watched with fear and excitement as they traveled closer to his crotch. Dakota knew he should have stopped them, but something kept him from speaking up. Maybe when they found out he had a vagina they would stop, and yet Dakota found some strange part of himself hoping desperately that they would keep going. A hand finally moved over the crotch of his pants. The gentle grinding against Dakota's ass stopped. He held his breath. The hand rubbed harder, clearly feeling for something that wasn't there. Dakota tightened his grip on the rail above him. He felt overly aware of his own breathing, his flushed skin, and the strength of the man's arms around him. Fingers moved to his pants and silently unzipped them, one hand slipping inside. Dakota twitched at the hand's cold pressure against his skin. He held his breath and feared what may happen when it didn't encounter a dick. The man's hand moved downward, through his pubic hair, rubbing over his pussy.
Shockingly, the hand didn't recoil from Dakota's unexpected genitalia. Instead, it pressed harder, grinding against Dakota's clit and pulling his hips closer to those behind him. Dakota let out his breath in a mixed sigh of pleasure and relief. His eyes glanced furtively around him, but thankfully no one had noticed yet. He felt the clothed erection rubbing against his ass again now, and sunk into the embarrassment of being felt up on the public bus. The man ran his hand over Dakota's labia once more before pressing against his hole. It was already slightly wet, and Dakota's grip on the bar tightened as one finger shoved itself inside.
Dakota felt the finger curl move inside of him of him, jamming in and out of his vagina at a fast pace. It hurt slightly, especially when a second finger was slipped inside, but the constant grinding of the man's palm against his clit made him flush with pleasure. By this point, Dakota struggled to regulate his breathing in front of the bus's passengers. The man plunged his fingers inside a few more times, making him twitch and clench the seat in front of him, breathing sharply and approaching orgasm until the fingers suddenly pulled out, rubbed over his pussy once more, and yanked his pants down further. Dakota now stood bent over, soaking wet, with his ass and pussy fully exposed. Surely people had begun to look at him, but he kept his eyes trained on the ground and hoped that no one would stop what was going on.
The man left contact for a moment, until Dakota felt it- a cock pressing against his hole. It was terrifying and exhilarating all at once. Dakota felt the cock rub between his labia, spreading his wetness over its massive length, before positioning itself at his entrance. He knew he shouldn't have sex without a condom, but the pleasure of this stranger's skin against his own stopped him from arguing. The man gripped Dakota's hips firmly, bending him over and beginning to force his dick inside. Dakota winced, his skin flushed a deep red. He didn't dare look up, but could no longer hide his facial expressions from the passengers as the man pushed his cock deeper and deeper. He heard the heavy breathing of the man behind him, but no words. The man pulled out and pressed into Dakota again, still moving slowly, secretively. Dakota quivered. He moaned, and the man behind him thrust harder. He reached around to rub Dakota's clit until he was shaking with the force of an approaching orgasm. Dakota held his breath. He felt his pussy convulse and his eyes roll as he came to a strangled, quiet climax on the crowded bus.
Dakota dropped his head and tried to take an even breath as the man behind him continued thrusting faster, harder. His whole body was rocking with the force of the man's fucking. Slowly, Dakota pried his eyes open. He looked up and around him at men and women looking on in various states of shock, disgust, and arousal. The man who had taken his seat earlier in the bus ride now had his pants undone, and was stroking his cock as he watched. Dakota felt ashamed and proud all at once, glancing into the man's eyes and holding his gaze. He let the man behind him manipulate his body, grabbing his hips and moving him with the pace of his thrusts. Dakota clenched his walls around the cock, squeezing as much pleasure as he could from the experience. He was rewarded with the man groaning, thrusting deeply into him twice more, and then a rush of warmth.
Dakota didn't know what he had been expected, but it certainly wasn't being filled with a stranger's cum. Worries of pregnancy or STI's flashed briefly across his mind, before he felt the man slowly pull out. Dakota's pussy still twitched in the open air, forcing out a long trickle of cum. The man wiped his flaccid cock on Dakota's ass, before tucking it back into his pants, zipping up, and returning to his anonymous status as another passenger on the city bus. Dakota stayed gripping the upholstered seat in front of him, his head down, still desperately aroused. The bus stopped and Dakota watched the man behind him leave, though he never saw his face. He could still feel the cum dripping from his hole.
A hand reached out and grabbed Dakota's thigh. He turned. It was the man who had taken his seat earlier, watching Dakota with a hungry look in his eyes. The man pulled Dakota into his lap, and Dakota felt his rigid cock against his ass. "Hey baby," the man said softly in Dakota's ear, "When do you get off?" His hands wandered to Dakota's pussy, rubbing the cum over his clitoris and hole.
"First street. The end of the line," Dakota choked out as quietly as possible, eyes glued to the seat in front of him.
"Good." The man ran his fingers over Dakota's vagina again, breathing into the back of his neck. He lifted Dakota's hips up, slid his cock against him, and positioned it at the trans man's dripping hole.
Dakota felt far from stealthy as he took another load on the public bus ride home.