===== THURSDAY =====
The hot August sun bore down on me like God's wrath. No idea if it was global warming, or something else, but this summer was hotter than any I've experienced before. Well, maybe not as hot as the one in '98 when our A/C had broken down for an entire week, but that was circumstantial.
It was four in the afternoon, and I had already been off work for two hours, so I had plenty of time to lounge around the pool, and work on my tan. Over the last couple of days, my skin had turned a nice shade of brown that even supermodels could be jealous of. Although that was about the extent of their potential envy.
All in all, it was a perfectly ordinary, if hot, summer day. I wore a simple, yellow, two piece bikini. A plain old bikini for plain old Fran. It couldn't get any more modest than that, and not even the deacon would have cause to complain. Indeed, everything was perfectly normal. Nothing unusual whatsoever. Certainly nothing immoral.
"Ty!" I called, just loud enough for someone listening through the open window on the second floor to hear.
Leonard, my husband, was off at work, doing only God knows what—or who. My firstborn was the only one in the house, home from college for the tail end of summer break.
"What's up, Ma?" he said, poking his head through the sliding door, less than a minute later.
"Could you, maybe, help me put on lotion?" I swallowed, and felt my heart racing. Just the slightest glimmer of excitement washed through me.
"Sure." My boy was never a man of many words, but when he spoke, he spoke with certainty.
I flipped over, lying on my stomach. He approached, and grabbed the sunblock from the nearby table. I couldn't see him anymore, but heard the snap of the bottle. Then, a cool glob of cream landed on my back, followed by Ty's hand. His touch was electrifying, and I nearly gasped at the contact. After years of working as a mechanic, my husband's fingers were rough and calloused, but Ty's were incredibly soft and smooth.
The flat of his hands pressed down on my shoulders, working the lotion into my skin. Only a couple of weeks earlier, his hands had been terribly clumsy, but now they were confident. He moved on to my neck, then down to my shoulder blades. I can't tell you how amazing it felt to be caressed by another's touch after years of neglect. It was good enough to forget who it was that was doing it. The sun was warm on my skin, but paled in comparison to the fire of his contact. His hands slid to my sides, and the tips of his fingers lightly grazed the side of my tits. Accidental or not, my nipples hardened.
"Oh lord, that feels so good," I whispered. Spurned on by my encouragement, he worked his deft hands lower, down my spine, stopping just above my pelvis. He skipped past my butt, since it was covered by my bikini bottom, making me wish I had worn a thong instead.
Another splash of cream hit me, this time on my calf. He worked the lotion in quickly, with long and firm passes over my ankles, and the backs of my knees. He moved on to my feet, holding each foot with two hands, and using his thumbs to massage the balls and heels. I couldn't help but sigh in pleasure at the little ritual the two of us had developed.
Then came the part I had been anticipating the most. He dispensed more lotion, directly on my upper thighs. Slowly and carefully, he worked his way from my knee to halfway up the thigh. The closer he got to my pussy, the harder it was to lie still. The teasing made me want to turn around, rip his pants off, and ride his stiff cock, hard and fast. Juices started flowing, and I hoped it wasn't too obvious.
I started squirming around—just a little bit. I just couldn't stand it anymore. Then he stopped, mere inches from my vagina, and resumed his work on the other leg. The whole process repeated itself once more, and drove me half insane. Hands circled around my thigh, and slid higher. Closer, closer, closer... until suddenly the edge of his finger made contact with my outer labia.
Excitement coursed through my veins, as his finger moved up and down my lips, separated only by cloth mere fractions of an inch thick. I heard him breathing hard. His finger kept moving up and down, lubricated by my fluids. He pressed in, his finger encompassed by my lips, but held back by the bikini.
I knew that everything about it was wrong, but until now, nothing had happened. Yesterday, he'd stopped just short of actually reaching my special place. Truth be told, I hadn't expected him to actually go for it. It had been like a little game between the two of us over the last couple of weeks. Every day, he'd dared just a little more. An inch further up my thigh a week.
"Honey, I'm home!" Leonard's voice rang through the living room, and out the open patio door, followed by the sound of the front door slamming shut. My eyes shot wide open. Ty jumped up, and fled inside, quick as jackrabbit.
"I'm out here," I yelled back, voice trembling, heart thumping. My panties were soaked, though that was fortunately covered up by the floral pattern.
"There you are!" His voice was cheerful, but at that moment it sounded to me like a rake being scraped across my brain. Why couldn't he have stayed late at work, like usual? "Everything ok, sugar?"
"Everything's peachy."
"Oh, you look a little flushed, is all. Looks like you've been sweating, too. You sure you're not coming down with anything?"
"No, I feel fine. It's just the heat," I lied. I felt far more than fine. Like a supercharged sexual battery, ready to pop at any moment.
"Sure has been hot recently, huh? Better come in, anyway. I got something to show you."
I sighed. The moment had passed, anyway. I hadn't felt that good in years, and then poof, in comes my husband, and it's gone. Might as well have been a euphemism for my life. God, how I wished things were different. Guilt, and shame washed over me, and I felt like I might be a little sick after all. All I wanted was for the fire to be back, like when we had been younger. I was so desperate, I almost let my son... no, nothing had happened. It was just a light touch. Barely more than grazing. It might as well not have happened.
Leonard stood in the doorway, and grabbed me by the shoulders. "Here, let me look at you."
The rough, calloused grip on my shoulders was almost unbearable, a stark contrast to just seconds earlier. I wanted to break free of it, and run away. When I took a step forward, he released me. Just after I stepped over the threshold, I felt his hands on my shoulders again, and he drew me in to place a kiss on my neck. Under regular circumstances that might have been erotic—by Leonard's standards it was exceedingly so—but I started to actually feel nauseous.
"Excu—urgh," I rushed down the hallway to the toilet, dropped on my knees, and retched. After flushing the contents of my stomach down, I felt better. Maybe I really was getting sick.
What if Leonard hadn't announced himself, and walked in on us? Stupid, stupid Fran.
"Told you," gloated Leonard from the doorway.
"What did you want to show me?" I asked, even though I didn't particularly care for hearing another word out of that smartass mouth just then.
"Take a look at this."
He handed me a pamphlet. The cover showed a large, fancy building, with the logo "The Trout Lake Deluxe" right above it.
"What's this?"
"That, dear, is the Trout Lake Deluxe," he parroted the pamphlet. "One of the finest hotels in this great state, situated right on the shores of the beautiful Trout Lake." Sure enough, as I folded the pamphlet open, I read the first sentence. He'd quoted it nearly word for word.
"Looks swanky," I commented. The ad described it as a "Four-Star Experience" with "tastefully furnished rooms," and "fully equipped facilities," including a sauna, pool, gym, bar, and even their own silver screen.
"Would you like to go?"
The question surprised me.
"Sure, I've got some vacation days saved up, when did you think about going?"
"Now."
"Now?"
"Yeah, from now until Sunday."
I didn't have an inkling what to reply. It wasn't like him to be this spontaneous. Oh sure, back before we had Ty and Lisa, he'd send me flowers out of the blue, and we had the occasional quickie in a restaurant bathroom, but all that was a long time ago.
I had to admit, I was pleasantly surprised. It did remind me of the old days, before our children were born. Maybe after all these years, this was Leonard's way of saying he wanted to give it another shot. I knew I had to take that chance, before something happened I couldn't undo.
"Sure, why the heck not?" I surprised myself by saying. The experience with Ty was driven clean out of my mind, burned away by the spark of hope for marital satisfaction. "Just let me call Mary. Gotta make sure I can take tomorrow off."
I picked up my cell from the kitchen counter, and called my cousin. "Hey Mary, it's Fran. Listen, is it ok if I take the day off tomorrow?"
"What's the matter, you ok?"
"Yeah, Lenny's taking me on a romantic getaway."
"Ooooh, a romantic getaway, huh? Well, God knows you deserve one of those. Where's he taking you?"
"Some fancy hotel up north, by a lake."
"Sounds nice. I wish Dave were spontaneous like that. You're such a lucky woman, Fran!"
We chatted a bit more, mostly about the two meetings I had scheduled the next day. Then I relayed the go-ahead to Leonard, put on some clothes, and started packing. A few bikinis, nice clothes for the restaurant, toiletries, sandals, heels, light reading... it's amazing how quickly suitcases manage to fill up. Almost as an afterthought, I threw in some sexy lingerie. There was just enough room left for one of my best, battery powered friends over the last few years, stashed away in my nightstand. Just in case.
After packing, I knocked on Ty's door.
"Come in," he yelled.
"Ty, I know this is short notice, but Dad's taking me on a trip. I'll leave the pamphlet on the kitchen counter. Phone's on it, if you need anything, and can't reach our cells. There's plenty of food in the fridge, but if you're hungry you can always ord—"
"I got it, Ma. I'm not a little kid anymore," he interrupted, disappointment written plainly all over his face.
"You're right, I'm sorry. I know you can take care of yourself. We'll come back on Sunday. Watch the house, will you?"
"Sure."
"Thanks!"
I lugged the case downstairs by myself, and Leonard already had his duffel bag ready. God knows what he put in that old thing. It had been his Dad's, and he never let anybody but himself handle it. I knew better than to ask him if he'd packed everything he needed, especially if he was in an apparently great mood. Starting an argument about underwear might have ruined it again. We loaded the truck, and off we went.
I vowed to myself that I'd be on my best behavior. Leonard was my husband, and had been for many years. And nothing had happened with Ty. He was just applying lotion, nothing more. The way a good son does. If he accidentally bumped into me with his hand, it couldn't be helped. Little accidents like that happen, it was certainly nothing to worry about. What was important was finally breaking out of my marital rut.
Five hours later, Leonard pulled into the parking lot of the Trout Lake Deluxe. It looked just as grand as advertised, to my great surprise. There wasn't any photography trickery, or at least none that I could detect. The sun had already set, and the building glowed brightly in a dazzling display of lights. We got our things out of the back of the truck, and entered the lobby.
"Hello, and welcome to the Trout Lake Deluxe. My name's Tanya, how may I be of service today?" The beautiful, young woman with dark skin behind the counter smiled a four star welcome.
"Evans. We just arrived, and want to check in," said Leonard, and Tanya tapped away at the keyboard. I looked around the entrance hall. It was magnificent. Big and spacious, with marble columns, and a polished tile floor. It might have been the fanciest building I've ever set foot in.
"Evans. Reservation for a luxury suite, with view of the lake."
"Yup, that's us," he confirmed.
"I'll need to verify your confirmation code, Sir."
Leonard pulled out his cell, and tapped around a bit. He held out the screen showing a barcode. Tanya picked up a scanner sitting on the desk, and scanned it.
"Very good, Sir." She slid two little plastic cards over the counter at us. "If you'd like to check out any of our services, you'll find plenty of information in your room, but there will always be someone available around the clock at the front desk. Enjoy your stay at the Trout Lake Deluxe."
We headed up the elevators to the sixth—and highest—floor. Our room was 601, conveniently the very first door on the right, stepping off the elevator. I slid my card through the slit, and was immediately floored by the lavish decorations. Until then, I'd never seen a hotel room with multiple rooms before. The living room had a fireplace, sofas, and portable bar. An enormous TV was mounted on the wall, and to the side there even was a kitchenette.
Who the heck was paying for all of it? Together, Lenny and I made pretty good money, but not four-star-hotel-with-kitchenette money. Maybe he had won it in a sweepstakes, or something. Today of all days, I wasn't about to ask any prying questions.
"Oh Lenny, this is wonderful." I turned around, and kissed him, full and deep.
"I don't know about you, but I'm pretty hungry. How about we head to town to grab something to eat?"
"Sounds good, just let me get changed."
I dragged my things into the bathroom, and after admiring the gold plated faucets and clawfoot tub, I dug out the sexy lingerie. It was like all of a sudden, the years had disappeared, and I felt like a young woman again. Giddily, I took off my bra, and put on the thin, black, see-through teddy with matching thong. Looking at myself in the mirror, I felt sexy as hell. Over that, I wore a lapis cocktail dress.
After putting on some quick makeup, I rejoined Leonard, who let out a loud whistle.
"You look amazing, Fran."
I beamed like a million suns, and we headed out, walking arm in arm. The adjacent town wasn't that big, but it had a few decent restaurants, according to the hotel's map. Although in the end, we pulled up at a steakhouse—Leonard's choice. I would have preferred something more romantic, but it was his treat after all. When I entered, heels clicking on the stone floor, I felt every man's eyes in the room turn towards me. I strode with confidence, revelling in the attention.
Leonard ordered a porterhouse and beer, and I got vegetarian cabbage rolls, with roasted potatoes and wine. Throughout the meal, Leonard was his old, charming self. It really did feel like the past two decades had evaporated. Maybe this getaway was exactly what we needed to rekindle our relationship. The food was pretty good, too—for a steak house, at least.
Leonard and I talked about our previous trips, and compared the hotel. Both of us agreed it was far more lavish than anywhere we've stayed at before.
"I missed this," I told him, halfway through the meal. "It's nice."
"Yeah, sure is."
When we got back to the hotel, instead of going in the lobby, I dragged Leonard off towards a path, with a sign beside it, reading "Beach." It turned out to be a nice one, too. All sand, no rocks. I took off my heels, and walked barefoot in the warm summer night. Leonard wrapped his arm around my shoulder, and I slipped mine around his waist.
It was magical.
We walked quietly for a while, occasionally encountering other couples who were taking advantage of the fantastic weather. Acting on instinct, I kissed him, and he responded. I felt a touch of the old passion in his lips, and wondered what the rest of the night had in store for us. I wanted to find out.
"This was a great idea, Lenny," I admitted. "This place is really wonderful."
"Listen, since we're already out here and everything, I was thinking, that, well, uh...I heard, from people," he stammered, "that there's a big trout fishing tournament going on here, starting tomorrow."
The air left my lungs, and I felt blindsided, like someone had punched me in the stomach. Of course. That must have been the real reason for the impromptu trip. I should have figured this was too good to be true. So much for spontaneity.
"And you just so happened to bring your fishing gear?" I asked sarcastically.
"Yeah, lucky, isn't it?" he answered, oblivious.
I felt like throwing up again.
"Sure, Lenny. Sounds great."
"Thanks, you're the best," he said, and planted a quick peck on my lips.
"Let's get back to the room."
We walked back in silence, no longer embraced. I took deep breaths, and tried to remain calm. It always amazes me just how quickly things can turn from wonderful to shit in just a few moments. I hadn't expected it at all, either. Of course, I had been so focused on my own problems, I didn't stop to wonder about his motives.
Back in the room, I headed straight to the bedroom. All I wanted at that moment was to go sleep, and get this crazy day of ups and downs behind me.
The bedroom had another wall mounted TV, and one giant, California-king sized bed. I took off my dress, revealing the sexy lingerie I had already forgotten about.
"Oh wow, is that for me?" Leonard observed. His gaze slid up and down my body, happy as a clam.
"Yeah," I said, numbly. It had been true at one point, at least.
"Sweet!" He closed the distance, and pressed his lips against mine, pawing with one hand at my tits.
Leonard picked me up, squeezed my butt with both hands, and laid me gently down on the bed. With the excitement of a little kid unwrapping christmas presents, he pulled down my thong. The last time we had sex had been Valentine's day, and it would be pretty nice to do it again, I supposed. Sometimes you just take what you can get, even if the circumstances aren't ideal.
He hurriedly stripped off his own clothes, while I took off my teddy. His cock was hard as a rock. He knelt between my legs, placed the head at my entrance, and pushed in. I closed my eyes, and imagined a hot stud was fucking me, but unbidden, all I could picture was Ty. Leonard thrusted faster, and started grunting in rhythm. In my mind's eye, Ty's sexy body was pressing down on me. Leonard's cock twitched, and with one final grunt, he shot his load. Just as I started to get into my own fantasy.
Afterwards, he rolled off, and after a minute I heard faint snoring. I laid there for a bit, with his cum leaking out of me, frozen in misery, and ashamed of my own thoughts. I rose, and went to the bathroom to clean up. With absolutely no desire whatsoever to return to the bedroom, I dragged a sofa section to the large, floor length window, turned off all the lights, and opened the curtains.
The decorative lighting of the hotel was bright in the night, illuminating the hotel's outdoor cafe, where a few people sat around tables. Just a bit further than that, I could make out the beach, where a happy couple sat beside each other in the sand. If any of those people were to look up right now, they could have seen me up there, in my ivory tower. Standing in front of the world, naked as the day I was born. Miserable. Neglected. Old.
I laid down on the sofa, the leather cool on my skin, and watched the waves silently crash into the sand. Tears followed. I let them flow freely onto the cushion. One by one, the cafe emptied. The hotel's lights dimmed down. Eventually, even the couple on the beach disappeared, leaving behind the empty night.
Leaving me all alone.
===== FRIDAY =====
I woke up to sunlight glaring in my face. It took me a few moments to remember where I was, but when I did, I got up, yawned, and stretched in front of the open window, not caring one bit who might see me. I looked out at the new day, and the sunlight warmed my skin.
A new day, a new dawn. A new Fran.
I was determined to make something better out of this day, starting by going to the bathroom, and cleaning off the makeup that had smeared all over my face. Leonard still slept, although he did find his way under the blankets at some point. For all I could care, he might as well sleep for the rest of his life. I put on a bikini, and pulled some shorts and a t-shirt over it.
In the lobby, a different—and in my opinion much less prettier—girl occupied the front desk.
"Good morning, ma'am. My name is Tanya, how may I be of service to you today?"
"Is every girl here named Tanya?" I couldn't help myself.
"No, ma'am," she answered, confused.
"Nevermind. Could you point me towards breakfast?"
"The buffet isn't open for another ten minutes, ma'am, but you're welcome to sit down already and enjoy some coffee or tea in the meantime. It's right over there." She pointed at a large set of open doors.
As soon as I sat down, a young man appeared at my side.
"Can I get you anything to drink, ma'am."
"Some coffee, please. Half coffee, half milk."
"Right away."
I watched a slow but steady stream of people trickle in. The server brought me my coffee, and once the buffet opened, I ate some toast with jam. Sitting down here—in broad daylight—with dozens of people surrounding me, the world felt much different. None of that doom and gloom from last night.
When I got back to the room, Leonard stepped out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around his waist.
"Morning, sugar. Wanna get some breakfast?" He sounded cheery, completely unaware of my own feelings.
"I already ate."
"Oh, you must have woken up early."
"Sure did," I replied. Two points to Sherlock Evans.
"Well, I'm starving. Do you want to come to the fishing tournament and watch, or something? Starts in two hours."
"No thanks, I'm good here." He didn't look particularly disappointed upon hearing that.
He changed into some clothes, and headed out. I was alone again, with nothing to do at all. Right then, I preferred the solitude to having Leonard around.
I grabbed a printed map of the local area from the stack of pamphlets, and set out. Some nice, fresh air would do me good. Trout Lake turned out to be pretty big in the daylight. I could just make out the other side, but no details. I followed the trail that led along its shore. The hotel had its own boat dock, and a few boats—small yachts, really—were already out on the lake.
Despite how early in the day it was, I encountered a number of joggers along the path. For the next couple of hours, I just kept walking, without a real goal in mind. I just wanted to get away from it all, and enjoy the solitude. Maybe if I walked long enough, all my worries would disappear behind me, and I'd be free.
I sure had plenty of time to think about how I got myself in my current predicament.
I suppose it all started many, many years ago, when I was still a sophomore in highschool. I fell in love with Leonard, the new transfer student, the moment I saw him. He was tall, athletic, and handsome. I joined the cheerleading squad, just to be closer to him, and I was determined to get his attention. Aided by the rest of the cheerleading squad, word got around that I was interested in him, and he asked me out on a date. After only three dates, I invited him to my home to meet my folks, who, as fortune would have it, took a liking to him.
Things heated up quickly, and by the end of the year I lost my virginity to him. He graduated, and started working in his old man's auto shop. We kept seeing each other, and for a long time everything was simply perfect.
Our first real surprise came a month after my eighteenth birthday. I was two weeks late, and, on a hunch, took a pregnancy test. One of the cheap ones, from the corner store. The lady gave me a nasty glare, but she sold it to me anyway. Leonard always pulled out, and finished on my stomach—which I now know doesn't always work—so those two stripes were a real shock for the both of us. But my folks liked him well enough, and his folks were overjoyed, so we decided to go through with it.
Leonard asked for my hand in holy matrimony three days later, after he squared it away with my old man. That was just how things were done around these parts. A month passed, and we had a beautiful wedding. Not the one I always pictured, but I couldn't complain. I became Mrs. Francine Evans, and all my friends at school were real jealous. I had to quit the cheerleading squad, though, once I got too fat to jump around. I think that was my only regret. Halfway through my senior year, God blessed me with my beautiful baby boy Tyler. His eyes were brown, just like his father's.
After the birth, I dropped out of highschool. Dad didn't like that one bit, but Ma convinced him to support my choice, for which I'm incredibly grateful. Leonard had worked his way a few rungs up the ladder, and was making enough for the three of us. I moved in with him and his folks, and it was bliss.
A year and a half later, I got pregnant again. Planned, that time. Leonard was thrilled at the news, and I pictured myself living the american dream. A beautiful husband, a healthy boy, and I was secretly hoping the next would be a girl. All that was missing was the white picket fence. And a dog. You always had to have a dog.
I was three months into the pregnancy, when Leonard's folks died in a car crash on the way home from work. Leonard was devastated, and rightly so. His folks had been nothing but kind to the both of us, and I'd miss them dearly, but we pulled through together. He inherited his old man's business, and the house. My secret wish came true, and I gave birth to a healthy girl. We called her Lisa, in honor of his late mother.
We decided that two was enough, and I went on the pill. It was just as well, since Ty and Lisa kept me busy from sunrise til sunset. Time flew by quickly. There was always one thing or another to do. We got comfortable in our routine, and things were smooth until four years later, when I got pregnant again. I guess I must have forgotten to take a pill, or it was a freak accident, or maybe even His divine will. No matter what went wrong, we were determined to do the right thing. Neither of us ever brought up the A-word.
I'd like to tell you everything turned out alright, and I lived happily ever after, but life isn't always kind. There were "complications" during the birth, as the doctors liked to call it, and the child never tooks its first breath on this green earth.
I was devastated, and Leonard took to the bottle. They say most marriages don't survive the death of a child, but somehow we pulled through. For Ty's and Lisa's sake, more than our own. Ever since then, Leonard's been hesitant to make love to me. I thought at first it was the loss that was eating away at him, but after our lovemaking got scarcer, and I got grew more frustrated, I confronted him head on. I suffered some tearing during the disastrous delivery, and even though over time it healed up nicely, Leonard claimed he was turned off. The words he used were "disgusted by my sex."
Now, that's just about the worst thing a woman can hear, and I cried endlessly for weeks. I blamed myself, I blamed the child, but I was still in love with Leonard, and somehow never blamed him.
Ty and Lisa grew up, and I poured all my affection on them. Ty, to my great delight, was a momma's boy, and he loved hanging out with me. Lisa took after Leonard, but we were still close as mother and daughter can be. They passed through elementary and middle school with flying colors. I took the kids to the zoo, the circus, the museums, the pictures, you name it, and was proud of myself taking them to see the sights, unlike some of the other moms I knew.
Ty was always a pleasure, but Lisa and I struggled occasionally. Especially in her teenage years. At sixteen, Lisa interned at Leonard's auto shop, and most days it was just Ty and me, though he spent most of that time on the computer. We gave him more or less free reign in that aspect.
Leonard and I still occasionally did "it," but mostly for special occasions, like birthdays and Valentine's. We'd lost the fire that used to burn between the two us, and I always dreamed about getting it back, but it never happened. We just went our own way, mostly, and hardly saw each other for days at a time. Almost like living with a roommate instead of a husband. He spent most of his free time fishing, or going out drinking with "the guys." That was always his go-to excuse, whenever he didn't want to do something. Fishing. Sometimes he didn't even go anywhere. It was just his way of saying "no, Fran, I don't want to spend time with you." Divorce never came up, and (speaking mainly for myself) we never even considered it. That's just how things were done around here, and my folks would never have forgiven me for it.
To be honest, at times I felt like I was trapped in our marriage. I knew the bars were there, but I couldn't quite see them, and couldn't even begin to imagine how to unlock them. When I wasn't busy with housework, I read a lot. My favorite books were the ones where a daring, brave, young heroine escaped her miserable situation to go on a grand adventure. They made me feel good, like there was still hope for me, that one day I, too, could be free.
I first found out that Ty was interested in me—more than a son is supposed to—during one of the hottest summers on record. Not nearly as hot as the one we had now, but still plenty. I had grown accustomed to baking under the afternoon sun topless, and never thought twice about it. I definitely wasn't one of those free spirited hippie types, but we were family, and my Ma had raised me to believe that family meant closeness, without secrets or shame. That, and the fence on our backyard was pretty dang tall.
On a particularly scorching day, I dozed off, and woke up to the sound of a shutter going off. I whirled around, and Ty was standing there, cellphone in hand—the one we'd given him for his eighteenth birthday—caught like a deer in headlights, a big bulge between his legs.
"Ty, what the fuck?" I'm not usually the swearing type, but I was irate.
Without so much as a peep, he bolted into the house, and up the stairs. I stomped after him, and in retrospect, I should have put on a top, but my head had been clouded by rage. I threw open the door, and Ty was just standing there, frozen. His eyes nearly popped out of their sockets at the sight of my tits dangling freely.
"Explain yourself," I rounded on him.
"Ma, I—"
"Were you taking pictures of me?"
"No! I wasn't, I swear!" His entire face flushed red as a strawberry, and his hands failed to cover up the tent in his pants.
"Hand over the phone. Now," I commanded, and he reluctantly handed it over. I scrolled through the pictures. The first one was me, topless by the pool. There was no mistaking his intention, he'd zoomed in really far, and I couldn't believe how detailed the shot of my tits was. I thumbed through the other pictures in the album, and almost fainted. There were dozens of snaps, most of them of me sunbathing. Others showed me bent over, while I was cleaning, or napping on the couch. Some were as old as a year.
"I can explain," he said meekly.
"Ty, what you're doing is wrong, I'm your mother."
"But—"
"No buts! Just you wait until your father hears about this."
I stormed out, and left Ty standing there, mouth hanging open. After Leonard came home that night, I showed him the phone—and the pictures. He was furious, and to make a long story short, we had the biggest family shouting match in the history of the Evans family. Ty lost his phone privileges, and, to nobody's surprise, was grounded for the rest of senior year. He stayed in his room a lot, and only came out to eat, and go to school.
As they tend to do, things eventually returned to normal. Ty could look at me again without going red, and Leonard eventually returned the phone. Minus the pics, of course. Only Lisa kept taunting him about being a momma's boy, though as far as I'm aware, never took the matter outside of our home. That's just not what family does.
I thought things were over by the time we shipped Ty off to college, and it sure seemed that way. We didn't have the money for a good school, so he went to the state college in the nearby city. He was the first in our family to go, and we were massively proud of him. At first he'd stop by frequently on the weekends, saying he misses us, but he settled in soon enough. Of course, he came back home on the holidays, and during the long breaks.
Lisa started working full time at the auto shop after graduation, and never showed an inkling of wanting to do anything else. She met a guy at work, a young mechanic who seemed pleasant enough, and they moved in together. That was fine by me, though now the house was dreadfully empty most of the time. My marital love life had never recovered, and I spent many a day cooped up at home, frustrated—and insanely horny—and only myself to fuck.
I grew sick and tired of my miserable life. When I stood at the altar, and said "I do" to Leonard so many years ago, I never could have imagined things would turn out this way. Of course, nobody tells you about all the things that can go wrong—not that I would have listened.
What I regretted the most was never finishing high school, and so, grabbing the bull by the horns, I went back and got my GED. It wasn't much, but it helped me land a job at my cousin Mary's real estate firm. She took a real chance with me, and I'm forever indebted to her.
It was around that time I noticed the signs, the ones that every wife knows, deep down inside of her. Leonard came home later every day, and fed me stories about big orders coming in, or sudden fishing trips. I asked Lisa, but she never knew of any such things, and didn't even know her dad was staying late. Some days, when he came home late, he went straight into the shower, as if he didn't want me to smell anything incriminating on him. I had no real evidence though, just hunches, and feelings. After one of our rare love making sessions, lying naked in bed, I asked him straight up.
"Lenny, I may be wrong here, and I pray to God I am, but lately I've been having the crazy idea that you're seeing another woman."
He snorted—actually snorted! "That's nonsense, Fran. Who told you that? Did Cindy tell you that?" Cindy was my best friend in the whole world, the only person from high school I still kept in touch with. It was true that she never liked Leonard much, and always told me he was cheating on me, but only after I told her about all my suspicions in the first place.
"No, nobody said anything. So you're not?"
"Of course not. You've got nothing to worry about, babe."
Despite his assurances, I couldn't shake my feelings. I saw the way he looked, just for a brief moment, after I confronted him. Like a boy caught with his hand in the cookie jar. I knew, then. I just knew.
One time, Cindy encouraged me to cheat on him, sort of as payback, and I couldn't think of a good reason to say no. We got raging drunk at a cheap dive, and she picked out a random guy for me. He was kinda hot, and I was craving to get properly laid again, so under the influence, it seemed like a good idea. He took me to a seedy motel, not far from the bar. We kissed, and I was in the process of taking off my clothes, when I was hit by an enormous wave of shame. I was terribly afraid that if I pulled down my panties, he'd have the same look of disgust on his face that I'd seen on Leonard.
With tears streaming down my face, I bailed out of there, unable to go through with it. All the years with Leonard had left me feeling thoroughly ashamed of my body. I never tried again, until the thing with Ty developed.
A few weeks ago, Ty was on summer break, and Leonard was at the shop. I was, just like yesterday, lying by the pool, sizzling under the hot afternoon sun. I felt like I had deserved it, after a hard day of open houses. I hadn't been outside topless since I had caught Tyler doing his thing. I had asked him to bring me an ice cold pop out of the fridge, and as he stood on the patio, can in hand, I was reminded of that very day.
Then, I had been horrified, but I considered it in a different light. He'd been taking pictures of my breasts, and seemed to enjoy looking at my body. The same body I felt so disgusted by, and thought—after years of disdain from Leonard—nobody could think of as sexy.
"Ty," I asked, "remember that day I caught you doing you-know-what?"
"Uh," he stammered, "I suppose so."
"Why'd you do it?"
He thought about for a minute or so, then said, "'cause I thought you were hot."
"Were? But not anymore?"
He hesitated. "No, still."
"Even though I'm your mother?"
"Yeah, Ma. You're the sexiest woman I know."
I was struck speechless! Not even in my wildest dreams could I have imagined to hear those words actually coming out of his mouth. To hear him speak so plainly made me feel good, in a way no mother should feel about her child. I felt so thoroughly unwanted and broken all these years, the sudden affection was like a lifeline. I clung to it, even though I knew I wasn't supposed to.
When I didn't say for a long time, he handed me the coke, and disappeared back in the house. Leonard came home, and we ate dinner. The three of us together. Tyler kept furtively glancing, first at me, then at his dad, but he came to the conclusion I hadn't told Leonard anything about what he said earlier, and relaxed. I dreamed that night of a young, faceless stud ravishing me, and woke up drenched in sweat, my loins aching with desire.
My head was reeling from the dream, as well the exchange with my son. I was conflicted. I loved Ty, of course, as much as a mother can love a son, but that was one thing. Getting wet, lying in bed next to my husband, was quite another. Quietly, I slipped a finger into myself, and brought myself to a nice, warm orgasm.
Afterwards, I felt guilty as all hell, but I couldn't shake the thought of my sweet boy, looking at me with the kind of desire I hadn't seen in another man's eyes in years. I was desperately longing for a man's affection. Any man's, really, I supposed.
Which, one thing after another, led to me walking along the path next to Trout Lake, alone.
All that walking (and daydreaming), made me hungry, and I stopped for lunch at a small diner. According to the map, I had made it about a quarter of the way around the lake.
After a pretty good meal, I decided to keep going. I had nothing better to do, and the last thing I wanted was to return to the Trout Lake Deluxe—and my husband. The shade of trees protected me from the worst of the hot sun, but I stopped several times to re-apply sunblock.
By the afternoon, my muscles started complaining, and my feet started to hurt. The map showed a small town on the opposite side of the lake to the hotel. It turned out to be less a town, and more of a long street with a bunch of buildings. The sun had already dropped below the horizon, when I set foot in it.
"What's the best way to get to the Trout Lake Deluxe from here?" I asked the first person I met, a man in his late sixties, who was all skin and bones.
"Just head back towards the highway, and take the next exit."
"No, I'm here on foot," I clarified.
"On foot? Are you lost? The Deluxe is twenty miles away, at least. How did you end up here?"
"It's a long story."
"Hmmm, I suppose the best way to get back would be to take the ferry over the lake. There's one every six hours, starting at eight, but you missed the last one for the day."
I smiled to myself. It all felt kind of like a grand adventure. Stuck out in the middle of nowhere, miles away from home, trying to fend for myself. I thanked the man, and found a restaurant that was open. Well, calling it a restaurant might be giving it too much credit. They served freshly caught, local seafood, and I wondered what Leonard was doing. Maybe I was eating some of the fish he'd caught. There weren't any messages or missed calls on my phone, so he couldn't have been too concerned.
After eating, I tried looking for a place to sleep, but I got distracted by the waterfront. The sand was still incredibly hot from the day, and the night air was warm. Far in the distance, I saw the bright lights of the hotel Trout Lake Deluxe. With binoculars, I might have been able to make out the details of it. I might have been able to see the top floor, and spotted a naked woman, lying on a sofa, wishing she could be out here on the beach with me. I laid back for just a few minutes, and watched the stars in the night sky, far brighter than the ones in the city.
===== SATURDAY =====
"Miss, you ok?" The gruff voice woke me up. I opened my eyes, and morning had arrived.
"Ye, mm'ok," I mumbled, and stretched my arms and legs, sore from yesterday.
"What'cha doin' out here?" The man wore long rubber boots, and overalls. I pegged him for a fisherman.
"I just fell asleep last night, didn't mean to, honestly," I replied frankly. "Do you know when the ferry to the hotel leaves?"
"In about ten minutes, better hurry if ya want to catch it."
"Thanks."
I got up, checked my purse to see if anything was missing, patted some of the sand out of my clothes, and made my way over to the dock. The ferry was already waiting there, a small thing that could hold maybe eight to ten people. I bought a ticket, and sat down on one side. My phone's battery was dead, so I just leaned back, closed my eyes, and enjoyed the ride. I was on vacation, after all.
Other than me and the captain, there were two other passengers, both men. During the trip, I overheard them talking about the fishing competition. Out of curiosity, I asked them if it actually was as big as Leonard had implied.
"Yeah, it's a real big thing," one of them answered, "People have to sign up for it months in advance to compete."
Hah! Spontaneous my ass. I wondered if I would ever find out the real reason why he'd invited me along.
After arriving back at the hotel, I went straight into the breakfast hall, at the height of breakfast rush. With a full tummy, I returned to room 601, and checked in on my husband. Leonard was still asleep. I plugged in my phone, and showered, washing sand out of seemingly every nook and cranny. When I got out of the bathroom, Leonard was finally awake.
"Morning, babe. You eat already?"
Not a word about the fact that I hadn't been there all night.
"Yes," I replied tersely. Had he even noticed?
"Ah well, more for me," he chuckled at his own joke, and, to be perfectly honest, I just wanted to slap him. "I might stay out late again tonight, to celebrate."
"Ok." I was beyond caring at that point.
While he was in the shower, I put on a clean bikini and some fresh clothes, and went down to the lobby. It was my last full day here, so I thought I might as well get some use out of it. I booked a massage session for the afternoon.
I decided to pamper myself a bit more, and get a pedicure. It felt good to lie there, while they worked on my sore feet. Feeling refreshed, I grabbed sun tan lotion, a book, and my cell from the room, then went down to the pool, dropping my stuff, and a hotel towel, on a poolside beach bench. The water looked really inviting. I stripped down to my bikini, and swam a few laps.
When I had started swimming, there wasn't much going on, but the later it got, the more people showed up. I climbed out of the pool, towelled myself off, and laid down on the bench. The sun wasn't that hot yet, so I didn't bother to lotion up, and instead started reading my book.
More people, mostly casually dressed, middle aged men, started gathering around the adjacent fire pit. According to the signage, the hotel had a barbecue cookout planned. With the sun high in the sky, I thought it best to put on sunscreen.
I squeezed a dollop onto my hand, and started lotioning up my arms and face. Then I started on my chest, and was reminded of the Thursday, two days ago, when Ty had massaged my back side. Had it really only been two days? It felt like so much longer.
Imagining Ty's hands were doing the work, I slowly worked in the lotion on my upper body, and then moved down to my legs. I remembered exactly what it had felt like, when Ty teased me. The way his touch burned on my skin. And then, when his hand moved up between my legs, and his finger rubbed up and down my—oh lord, this was not the time and place. I was already pretty excited down there.
I picked up the book, hoping I could distract myself with it. It didn't work out too well. As soon as I got a few words in, my eyes kept slipping off the paper, and my mind was drawn back to Ty, running his finger along my pussy. I looked around, but nobody seemed to be paying attention to me at all. Most people were milling around the fireplace. The others seemed to be napping, or swimming.
I pulled my feet up, shielding me from view, and slipped one hand under my bikini bottom. The instant my hand rubbed over my clit, and along my lips, excitement rippled through my body. I checked again, making sure that nobody was looking, and worked one, then two, inside, slipping them in and out of my surprisingly wet pussy, imagining they were Ty's. My heart started beating faster, and I increased the pace, rubbing the clit with my palm.
The beginnings of an orgasm formed, deep within me. I nurtured that feeling, built it up with careful strokes, and teased it with delicate caresses.
A hand tapped on my shoulder, and I nearly jumped out of my skin, dropping the book, and pulled my hand out of my bikini bottom. The ebony hand belonged to Tanya, the girl behind the counter from our first night.
"Excuse me, ma'am, but you can't do that here."
"What?" My heart was pounding loud in my chest.
"What you were doing. Ma'am, would you please come with me?"
I got up, and gathered my things. When I looked around the area, my heart skipped a beat. Dozens of people were looking at me. Some nodded approvingly, some were staring with mouths open. Blood rushed to my head, and I must have looked like a strawberry as I followed Tanya back into the building.
"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to embarrass you," she started, sounding just as embarrassed herself, "but we got a complaint."
"No, no, I'm sorry," I added hastily. "I really am. I forgot where I was, and—"
"It's ok, ma'am. You don't have to explain yourself to me, but please exercise some caution."
"I will. And thank you. And again, I'm sorry!"
She left me standing in the lobby, and disappeared into a staff room. I rushed to my room, taking the stairs instead of the elevator. I was still so damn horny, and didn't think I could bear standing there, waiting for the elevator, while my whole body was on fire. I reached the sixth floor in record speed, and was barely out of breath. I ripped the keycard through the reader, and crashed into the room. I tossed my things on the floor, rushed over to my suitcase, and dug out my not-so-little friend.
I couldn't explain what got into me. The way all those guys had stared me fingering myself, watched approvingly, without the look of disgust I was used to from my own husband, felt damn good. The couch still stood in front of the window. I jumped on it, and tore off my bikini. I spread my legs wide, placed both feet on the smooth window pane, and inserted the vibe. Far below me, I saw people sitting in the cafe, but I didn't give a damn who could see me then. Let the whole world watch me fuck myself, if they could.
The vibe buzzed loudly, and I pushed it in further, until the extension made contact with my clit, and I ascended to a whole new world of pleasure. I moaned loudly, not bothering to keep the noise down. Seconds later, I came, hard and fast, like being hit by a truck made out of joy.
Afterwards, I laid there, out of breath, my wordless screams still ringing in my ears. Satisfied. I didn't know if it was thinking about Ty, or thinking about all those people watching, or just the combination, but I hadn't felt that fired up in decades.
The rest of the day passed quicker than I expected. I ate lunch in the hotel's restaurant. The smell of the barbecue was strong in the lobby, and I was tempted, but Tanya was watching me, and I didn't have the stomach to go near the pool again. After lunch, I went to my massage appointment. The woman's hands were amazing, and loosened a lot of knots I didn't even know I had. It didn't even come close to eliciting any sort of fiery passion out of my body, though. I stayed in my room—and actually read my book—for the rest of the afternoon.
When the sun started to set, I made my way to the restaurant bar. It was fairly full, but there was an empty stool at the end. I ordered a rum and coke, and sipped at it. Next to me sat a man who appeared to be in late forties. He was fairly good looking, actually, dressed in business casual.
"My name's Chris," he introduced himself. I couldn't place his accent, but if I had to guess, it'd be somewhere from the north.
"Fran. Pleased to meet ya."
"What brings you here this night?"
"I'm here on a getaway with my husband. You?"
"Business. Flew in from New York last night, actually."
"Ooh, a fancy city man. Don't get a lot of those around here," I chuckled.
"I take it you're from these parts, then?"
"Yeah, born and raised."
"If you don't mind me asking... I don't see your husband anywhere."
"Neither do I," I replied, and smiled at him. To hell with Leonard. I ordered another rum and coke, but Chris intercepted.
"Let me get that."
"Thank you kindly. A real gentleman."
"Anything, for someone as pretty as you. So, how are you enjoying Trout Lake so far?"
"Oh, to be honest, that's a long story I'd rather not get into."
"Your husband?"
"Yes... and no," I replied, truthfully. I'm not a heavy drinker, and started to get a little tipsy.
"I think it should be a crime to neglect someone like you."
"What about you? No one waiting for you back home?"
In response, he raised his hands, waving his fingers around. No ring.
"So, Mr. Business Man, you just chat up married women at bars every night?"
"Actually, I don't. Tonight's an exception."
I wasn't drunk enough to believe that lie.
"Oh yeah? Why's that?"
"Well..." he hesitated for a moment, and I waited patiently. "I saw you earlier today. I was at the barbecue."
"Oh!" I squeaked.
"Please don't be upset."
"I'm not upset, I'm just... surprised a little." I emptied my glass. "I think I'm gonna need more alcohol for this," I said, and a nervous giggle slipped out.
Chris followed suit, and ordered another around. "Why'd you do it, with all those people around?"
Even tipsy, I had better judgement than to tell him I was thinking about the time my own son was about to finger me. "I don't remember. I didn't think anybody would notice me, but then it felt so good, I kinda lost track of where I was. I was so embarrassed."
"We all thought you were doing it for attention."
"Did people... uh, enjoy it?" I wasn't sure why I asked. Maybe it was the alcohol loosening my inhibitions.
"Oh yeah."
"Did you?"
"Very much. It's why I wanted to talk to you, actually."
I was flattered, and actually talking about the incident got my engine revving. Plus, Chris was pretty good looking, and he kept looking better with every drink. I looked around the bar. Apart from the bartender, everyone seemed to be minding their own business.
"Did you get a hardon?"
"Uh, yeah. I guess so." I grabbed his hand, and guided it to my waistline. It was warm to the touch, and his touch was soft. With another careful look around the room (the bartender was on the other end), I slipped his hand down the front of my pants, under my panties. His fingers probed, and found my wet pussy. He inserted a finger, and I was disappointed.
Chris leaned forward for a kiss. His breath stank of alcohol as he planted his lips on mine. He inserted two more fingers.
"Wait. Stop," I said, and pushed him away.
"What's wrong?"
"I'm sorry, this was a mistake." I downed the rest of my drink, and walked out of the bar, leaving Chris behind, looking perplexed.
In the elevator, I considered what had just happened. I loved the idea of someone feeling me up in the middle of the crowded bar, but when Chris had actually put his hand on me, the magic just kind of disappeared.
I didn't want just a random stranger to do it.
I wanted someone I loved.
I wanted Ty.
Actually admitting it to myself was strange. Up until now, imagining Ty was more of a fantasy. It was someone, who appreciated my body, actually taking interest, no matter who it was. But here I was, with a perfectly acceptable stranger to fill that position, and I didn't want it.
Could I actually do it? Truly do it? I knew Ty had said he was interested, but it never felt real to me. Not even when his fingers had touched my pussy. It was more like a kid wanting a toy he couldn't have. But here I was, and I knew I wanted to at least see where things would lead.
Immediately, it felt like a heavy weight had lifted from my shoulders, replaced by butterflies in my stomach.
The elevator dinged, and I stepped out into a new world. A world where I knew what I wanted.
Back in the room, I sat down on the window couch, and pulled out my cell. I was excited, buzzing with energy. I want to do something. Anything.
I texted "will b home tmrw c u then love mom" to Ty, and then waited impatiently for an answer, but none came. I put down the phone in frustration.
The door opened, and Leonard stumbled in.
"Oh hey, pumpkin," he slurred, swaying back and forth. "Me 'n the guys... had a few—a few drinks, yes."
"Just a few?"
"Yeah! In celeb—cele—uh, in honor. Of the fish! Yes... the fish." He struggled taking off his boots, and nearly toppled over.
I rushed over to help him, and pulled off his boots, while he leaned against the wall. His breath reeked of alcohol. His clothes stank of cigarettes, and just a hint of perfume.
"Thanks, babe." He grabbed my hands, and pulled me towards the bedroom.
"What are you doing?" I protested.
"I wanna fuck, peach. You were so good... last night."
"I wasn't even here last night."
He sat down on the bed, still holding me by the wrist, a look of confusion on his face.
"Wha? No, you... wore that long—the longe—the sexy stuff, ya know?"
"That was two days ago."
"Whatever, come on, babe. Ride my cock." He leaned back, and fell on the bed, nearly pulling me down on top of him. Before I had a chance to consider anything, his grip released, and I heard snoring. I left the room, and closed the door behind me.
I showered, mostly to get his stink off of me, and by the time I finished, my own debauchery had taken its toll on me, and I fell asleep quickly on the couch.
===== SUNDAY =====
The sun's warm rays woke me up again. It was definitely a nice way to a wake up. Under other circumstances I would have enjoyed lying there, but I was eager to get going, so I went in the bedroom, and shook Leonard awake.
"What?" he whined.
"Wake up, Lenny."
"Already?" He got up anyway, still stinking of cigarettes and booze.
"And take a dang shower."
A quick shower later, we both headed down to the breakfast buffet one last time. Checkout was at noon, but since there wasn't much to do in, we decided to check out early. I packed my things, and hauled the suitcase to the truck, while Leonard took care of the checkout process.
With every passing mile, I got more and more excited. I couldn't wait to get home. Where Ty was. I could barely contain myself, even Leonard noticed.
"What's up, dear?"
"Oh nothing, I'm just excited, that's all."
"Excited to be back home?"
"Yeah."
He just shook his head, and kept driving.
We pulled into the driveway early in the afternoon, and Ty's car wasn't there. "Ty, we're back!" I yelled anyway, stepping through the door, but received no response. I figured he must be out somewhere. Leonard plopped down in front of the couch, and started watching TV. Hungry from the long drive, I heated up some leftovers that really needed to go. I tried reading my book, but I was far too wired, and couldn't concentrate. I kept trying to listen for the sound of Ty's car pulling up.
Ty didn't come back until late that night. I rushed down the stairs, and hugged him when he walked through the door.
"Hey, Ty. It's good to see you again!" He was taller than me by about a head, and I could just about reach my arms around him.
"Jeez, Ma, you've only been gone for like two days." His hand patted me on the back a few times.
"I know." I let him go, reluctantly. It had felt good to embrace him. To feel his firm body pressed against me.
"'sup, Tyler," Leonard yelled from the couch.
"Welcome back, Dad."
Leonard just grunted, eyes glued to the screen.
"I'll be in my room," he said to me, and went up the stairs. I wanted to call him back, and tell him to stay, but I couldn't come up with a good excuse. Especially not with Leonard in the house. I sighed.
===== MONDAY =====
Work was torturously slow. The entire morning all I could think about was Ty, and I had to read the same application form three or four times. Around two o'clock I left, and rushed home. Ty's car was in the driveway, and Leonard was still at the auto shop.
I dashed up the stairs, and was just about to knock on Ty's door, when I hesitated. I couldn't just tell him I wanted him, could I? A plan formed in my head, and I changed into a bikini. I got the coconut scented suntan lotion out of the drawer, and headed out into the backyard. The afternoon sun was hot, and perfect.
"Ty!" I yelled, repeating the scenario from just a few days ago, and waited, listening to his footsteps come down the stairs.
"Yeah, Ma?" he asked, standing in the open door. He wore knee length shorts, and a plain white t-shirt.
"I was wondering if you could help me with my lotion again." My heart started beating faster, and it was hard to sit still.
"Of course." I offered him the bottle of lotion, and he grabbed it. Then I laid down on my stomach, and Ty sat down beside me.
He squeezed a glob on my shoulders, and went to work. Immediately, my body reacted to his touch, getting my juices flowing. His pace was quicker this time, but not hurried. When he got to my bikini strap, I reached back, and untied the bow. The bikini fell down limply, and Ty used the opportunity to run his hands along the sides of my chest, fingers exploring the newly exposed sideboob.
The smell of coconut was thick in the air. Ty moved on to my lower back, and then skipped over my butt again, to work on my lower legs. I could sense that he, too, was getting impatient, because he barely rubbed in the cream before moving on to my thighs. There, he took his time again, massaging firmly, moving slowly up my leg.
Just like last time, his hands were fractions of an inch away from my vulva. I yearned for him to start running his finger along my slit, but it didn't come. My toes were curled up tight, waiting for that touch.
"Ma?" he asked, hesitantly.
"Yeah?"
"Can I ask you something?" He sounded serious.
I flipped around. The bikini top fell limply to the side, but I didn't care too much at this point. His eyes opened wide at the sight of my tits, and he swallowed.
"Well, what did you want to ask?" I thoroughly enjoyed the way he stared at my body, so full of hunger.
"What are we doing?"
"What do you mean?"
"This. You know how I feel about you. I thought that last week, maybe... but then Dad came home, and you just left."
"So you still feel the same way about me?"
"Yeah, you're the sexiest woman I've ever seen."
"How's this for an answer?"
I sat up, grabbed his shirt, pulled him towards me, and planted my lips squarely on his mouth. Oh god, it was incredible. His lips responded eagerly. Skillfully. I lost myself in the moment, accepting his probing tongue, heart beating wildly in my chest.
Breathless, I leaned back on the pool bench. Ty's blue eyes looked at me intensely.
"Holy shit, Ma. You don't know how long I've been dreaming about this."
"What did you dream about?"
"I dreamed you were lying out here, naked. And then I'd come over, and start kissing you on the neck, and then—"
"Why don't you show instead of tell?" I suggested.
"Sure, I'd start like this..." He leaned forward, and placed a kiss on my neck. His lips were soft on my skin.
"Mmm, that is nice." He placed a kiss on my collarbone, then placed a trail of kisses all the way to my tits.
"I still can't believe this is real."
"Oh, Ty... don't stop, keep going."
He placed his mouth around my rock hard nipple, and gently suckled on it, ran his tongue over and around it, squeezed it between his lips. Then he moved over to the other side, and repeated his teasing. I just couldn't take it anymore, and tried to slip one of my hands under my bikini bottom, but before I was able to, Ty caught my wrist, and held it firmly.
"No, Ma. That didn't happen in my fantasy."
"Please!" I begged, laughing, trying to wriggle free of his grasp. He grabbed my other wrist, and pinned them down. More kisses followed, starting on my ribs, trailing down over my stomach down to my belly button. His lips were tickling me with each kiss, and I squirmed around, biting my lip to keep from laughing.
FInally his grip released me, and he hooked a finger into each side of the fabric. I raised my butt, and he pulled my bikini bottom down, and off my feet.
"Wow..." he said, and stared with an open mouth. I didn't shave, but I kept myself well trimmed. Encouraged by his fascination, I spread my knees, showing off my goods.
"What do you think?"
"You're gorgeous, Ma." He sprang into action, and laid down between my legs. He placed one final kiss directly on my wet pussy. I hadn't even noticed I had been holding my breath, and let out a sigh of relief. All the years of concern, the years of Leonard looking at me in disgust, evaporated with every swish of Ty's tongue. I couldn't help but moan, as his tongue slid along my slit.
"Oh lord, Ty, that feels so good, keep going, baby. Keep going, keep going."
I was so insanely horny, it didn't take long for Ty to send me into a mindblowing orgasm. My whole body felt like it was on fire. Powerful waves of pleasure resonated through my body, from the tips of my toes to the top of my head.
Back in reality, I sat up, and pulled Ty in for a deep and long kiss. I could taste myself on his lips.
"Was that like in your dreams, then?"
"Better, Ma. Much better." His erection was clearly visible in his shorts, and I wanted to repay the favor.
"Your turn, baby." I gripped his shorts, and pulled down. His cock sprang free, and I was immediately entranced. It was a good seven inches long, and had a nice thickness to it. It was definitely bigger than Leonard's. Hanging below the beautiful rod was a nice set of balls, shaved clean. "You shave?"
"Uh, yeah. Why, is it bad?"
I ran a finger along his smooth skin, and over his balls. "No, not at all. I just didn't expect it... I kind of like it." I knelt down on the patio, then wrapped my lips around the head of his cock, and savored the feel and taste of it. "Mmmm..."
Back in the old days, Leonard had loved getting his dick sucked, and I liked to believe I was pretty good at it, although maybe a bit rusty. I gorged myself on Ty's cock, taking in as much as I could without gagging.
"Holy shit, Ma, that feels good."
Spurned on by this enthusiasm, I worked his cock faster, and used a hand to jerk him off at the same time.
"I'm...about...to cum..." he panted. I could tell, from the way his cock was twitching. I kept going, wanting to get a taste of him. His cock pulsated, and shot spurt after spurt of cum in my mouth. It hit the back of my throat, and I could taste the salty goodness. I only did that once for Leonard, and hated his taste, but Ty's wasn't too bad. I kept sucking, until every last drop was gone. He had his eyes shut tight, his face distorted in a grimace of pleasure.
I sat down beside him, and rested my head on his shoulder.
"I still can't believe this is real," said Ty, looking contemplative.
"Why not?" I asked, but I knew exactly what he was talking about.
For weeks, he teased me, slowly working up the courage, and now it had all happened so suddenly. He had eaten my pussy, and I had given him a blowjob.
Holy shit, I realized. I had actually give my own son a blow job, and could still taste his semen in my mouth. So that's what forbidden fruit tasted like.
"It's all so... sudden. I've wanted this for about ten years, now."
"Really? All that time?"
"Yeah. And now it's already over."
"You think it's over?"
"Uh, I didn't mean it like that. I just never really considered what comes after."
"Well, I think I know what's going to come next." I reached down, and gripped his semi hard cock. After a few quick tugs it came back to life. I stood up, pushed him down on the bench, and straddled his stomach. Using both my hands, I pushed up his shirt, revealing his slightly hairy chest.
His cock was poking my butt, so I reached back there, and positioned it at the entrance to my pussy. While sharing another long, deep kiss with Ty, I pushed back, and his cock parted my lips. It was an incredible experience to feel his hard cock enter me, after so many years of tepid lovemaking. Even better that it was with someone I loved. Ty ran his hands all over my back, and I pressed my body closer to his.
I paced myself, enjoying the slow, rhythmic thrusting. I loved the way his cock stretched me. I loved the way his veins slid along my walls. I loved the way his lips tasted. I loved the way his breath tickled my neck. I loved the way his soft fingers grazed my skin. I loved how warm and firm his body was.
"I'm gonna cum again," he warned. I kept going. "Seriously, I'm close."
"Then go for it, baby," I replied, and kept going. I loved the way his cock twitched and pulsated inside me, as he shot his load. I laid my head on his chest, and listened to his heart beat.
Back when I was eighteen, I had given birth to Ty. Things had been so different, then. I never could have imagined how my life would turn out. Leonard had changed a lot, and Ty had gradually grown up into a man. I wondered what eighteen year old me would say if she could see me now, lying naked on top of my son, with his cock inside me. I wished I could tell her how good it felt.
After a while, Ty spoke up, "Are you thirsty?"
"I could use a drink." I hadn't even realized how sweaty the two of us had gotten, exerting ourselves under the hot sun.
Back in the kitchen—still naked—I stood in front of the open fridge.
"Whatcha want?" I asked him.
"You, and only you."
"I meant for drinks," I laughed.
"Anything cold, really."
The cans were in the bottom drawer. I deliberately bent over at the hips, enticing him with a hopefully great view. I just put my hand on a can, when two hands grabbed me by the hip. Ty's cock, already hard again, plunged into me. He was the one in charge of the pace now, and he started pounding me hard. His cock penetrated deep into to me, hard and fast. Every time he slammed into, his whole body rocked me forward. The sound of skin slapping on skin rang through the kitchen, and Ty groaned in effort.
"Oh god, oh god, oh oh oh oh."
The raw animalistic intensity was incredible, and I was surprised how quickly my orgasm built up. It exploded in spectacular fashion, setting all my nerve endings ablaze. My knees gave out, and if Ty hadn't been holding me, I would have fallen down. He came inside me soon after.
When he released me, I had to sit down on the cool tile floor. Ty grabbed two cans out of the fridge, and sat down beside me.
"You ok?" he asked, concerned, and handed me a can.
"Yeah," I replied, and snapped it open. "That was just... intense."
"Was it too much?"
I laughed, and then kissed him. "No, Ty. It was perfect." I took a big gulp from the can. Cum was dribbling out of me, and onto the tiles. Good thing I was on the pill.
"The tiles are way too cold," commented Ty, and stood up. He held out his hand, and pulled me up after him, embracing me in another kiss. There was a small pool of sticky liquid where I had just been sitting. I cleaned it up with a paper towel before joining Ty on the couch. I snuggled into him, and he curled his arm around me.
I felt like a woman twenty years younger again.
"So," I asked him, "does it feel real now?"
"It's starting to sink in. I think." He was quiet for a while, and I enjoyed just sitting there, wrapped in his arm, smelling his scent. "Ma?"
"Yeah?"
"What does this make us?"
The first things that popped into my head were "wrong," and then "immoral."
"I don't know, Ty. We'll always be mother and son. No matter what happens, I'll always love you."
"I love you too, Ma." He contemplated his next words carefully. "What about Dad?"
I had tried not to think about him. "Let me worry about that."
"What are you gonna do?"
"I'm not sure, yet."
"Do you still love him?" I sensed the anxiety in his voice.
"No," I said, firmly. "Does it bother you?"
"No," he replied quickly. "Yes. I mean not that you don't love him, but... he's still my dad, you know?"
"When do you have to go back to college?"
"Tomorrow. Evening at the latest. Classes don't start until Monday, but I got a meeting at half past eight on Wednesday."
"A meeting?"
"With one of my professors. I wanted to talk to her about one of my tests I took last semester."
"I just realized how little I know about your everyday life."
Ty started telling me about his life at college. What classes he's taking. What his professors are like. What the campus looks like. It was like I was discovering a whole new side of him. I laid my head on his chest, and listening to the buzzing of voice, playing idly with his cock. When it got hard again, I used my mouth to tell it a story of my own.
The sound of a car pulling into the driveway interrupted us.
"Shit. Lenny." I had completely lost track of time. We jumped up out of the couch, and Ty ran up the stairs. I went back outside, and grabbed the clothes off the patio. I put my bikini on, and went back inside to throw Ty's clothes into the laundry.
"Hey, sweetie," Lenny grunted, and sat down on the couch where just moments before Ty and I had been cuddling together, naked. I wondered what he'd say if I told him right then that I just had sex with our son. That would be foolhardy, though, no matter how much I wanted to see the expression on his face. Instead, I grabbed some clean clothes out of the laundry, and started cooking dinner.
Once that was done, I called Ty down, and the three of us sat around the table. Nobody spoke, and we ate in awkward silence. Ty went back up to his room, and I loaded the dirty dishes into the dishwasher. It all seemed so mundane compared to what had just happened, but life goes on.
There were plenty of things to occupy me for the rest of the night. Like Ty's laundry, since he'd be leaving tomorrow. I somehow missed him already, even though he hadn't left yet. I folded his clothes, and stacked them all into a basket. I carried it up the stairs, and knocked on his door.
"Come in."
"I got your clothes."
"Oh, thanks."
I walked over to where he was sitting, and kissed him, but he stopped quickly.
"It doesn't feel right, with Dad downstairs."
I wanted to stay, and argue with him, to convince him that it didn't matter, but in my head I knew he was right. "I suppose so. I'll see you tomorrow, Ty." The door closed behind me, and I sighed. I'd have to deal with my husband one way or another, but I didn't want to do it now.
I spent the rest of the night reading. The sun went down. Leonard eventually joined me, and I tried falling asleep. The events of the day kept replaying in my mind. I realized I wanted to be with Ty, no matter what it would take.
===== TUESDAY =====
Quarter to seven, fifteen minutes before my alarm would ring, I woke up. The sun hadn't even risen all the way. I turned off my alarm, and snuck out of the room quietly, careful not to wake Leonard. I slipped into Ty's room, and lifted his blanket. He was only wearing boxers. I fumbled a bit, trying to open the buttons on the front. His cock was flaccid. Ty let out a soft sigh when I took it into my mouth, and started running circles around his head with my tongue. It grew and grew inside my mouth, until it was rock hard. I just loved the way it felt in my mouth.
"Wha... Ma?" Ty asked sleepily. I continued sucking, and a few minutes later Ty grunted, and emptied his balls down my throat. Quick, clean, and oh so good.
"Good morning, baby."
"Holy shit."
"I gotta get to work, but I'll see you after, ok?"
"Ok, Ma."
I left the room, showered, got dressed, then went to work. It was insanely boring. Around ten, I slipped into the bathroom, and fortunately nobody was there. I entered the last stall, took out my cellphone, and started to record a video.
"This is for you, baby," I told the camera.
I pulled my pants down, and started masturbating with one hand, holding the lens close. I was just getting into it, when the door to the bathroom opened.
"Fran, you in here?" asked my cousin Mary.
"Yeah." I kept going.
"I've got a Mr. Adelson on the line, he's one of yours, isn't he?" I felt an orgasm start to build up.
"Yeah, he wants to sell his house." I couldn't believe I was sitting there, with Mary just on the other side of the stall door. Fingers kept plunging in and out of my wet pussy.
"He said he had some questions, and he wanted to talk to you specifically."
"Tell him... tell him, oh—" Orgasm rocked my body, and fried my brain.
"Fran, you ok in there?"
"Yeah... uh, tell him I'll be right there."
"Ok," she replied, and I heard her leave the bathroom. I blew a kiss towards the camera, then stopped the recording, and sent the video to Ty.
After cleaning up a bit, I returned to my desk, and accepted Mr. Adelson's call. Fifteen minutes later, my cell buzzed. I looked at it, and Ty had replied with a picture of his erect cock. I licked my lips.
"Who's that?" asked Mary, who stood behind me.
I jumped, and closed the picture. Thankfully Ty's face hadn't been in it. "No one!"
Mary laughed. "That was a pretty good looking dick. You're a lucky woman, Fran."
I blushed. "It's not what you think."
"Oh don't worry, nobody will find out." She winked at me, and went back to her desk. Mary sounded like she had her own experiences with extramarital encounters. Never would have pegged her to be that kind of woman. Then again, I wouldn't have believed it of myself, either.
The closer to two o'clock it got, the hornier I became. I raced home, breaking the speed limit on multiple occasions. I threw open the door, and Ty was already standing there with a sizeable bulge in his shorts.
"Oh god, I've been waiting all day for this, I got home as fast as I could!" We kissed frantically, driven by a mutual need. Ty's boxers came down, and I nearly ripped off my pants.
Ty grabbed my buttcheeks, and hoisted me up. I wrapped my legs around him, and held on tight. Pressed against the wall, he entered me, and pounded away as if his life depended on it. It didn't take long for Ty to come.
We spent the rest of the afternoon in carnal pleasure, exploring every inch of our bodies, like a pair of horny teenagers in a hormone overdrive. It ranged from slow, sensual massages to vicious porn star fucking.
Sweaty, exhausted, and satisfied we ended up in the bathtub. Ty held me tightly, while the hot water worked wonders on my sore body.
"I have to leave soon."
"I know."
"What's gonna happen?" he asked, again.
"You're only three hours away. I can come see you all the time."
"And Dad?"
"I'll take care of it." I just didn't know how, yet. I relaxed, and soaked in the hot water.
Later, Ty drive off, back to college, but not before leaving a little parting gift inside of me. I watched him from the doorway, until he disappeared around a corner. My heart ached to watch him go.
Half an hour later, Leonard pulled up. He walked into the house, grunted "hey, dear," and sat down in front of the TV. My heart was beating fast, and my hands were clammy. I grabbed the remote, turned off the TV, and sat down on the couch next to him. I couldn't bring myself to look at him.
You know how sometimes you feel like your entire life, all the choices you've made, all the mistakes you wish you could undo, led you to that precise moment in time? Like the entire universe aligned itself just right, and you get that perfect moment of clarity.
I got that just then, and I knew without the shadow of a doubt that I had the rest of my life in my hands. I was in control of my own destiny.
"Lenny?"
"Yeah?" Even he could sense the seriousness of the conversation.
"Do you still love me?"
"What? Of course I still like you."
"I didn't ask if you still liked me. I asked if you still loved me."
After being quiet for a few moments, he admitted, "No. I guess not really. Not the way it used to be. You?"
"No." Tears rolled down my cheek. We'd been married for so long, and it seemed like everything would be washed down the drain.
"You seeing anybody else?"
"Yeah," I admitted, quietly. "You?"
"Yeah." Even though I had suspected it for years, it still hurt to hear it. Even if I didn't love him anymore, it still pained. "With—"
"I don't wanna know," I interrupted him, and shook my head. "I think we should get a divorce."
"Just like that?"
"Just like that."
We sat there for quite a while, silent, taking in the gravity of the situation. I wondered what was going through his mind. I wondered if I cared enough to find out.
Leonard was the first to speak up. "What do we do now?"
"I'm gonna stay with Cindy for a while. We can figure out the rest later." I got up, and packed as many of my clothes and necessities as I could fit into my suitcase. When I finished, Leonard was still sitting on the couch, frowning.
"What do we tell the kids?" he asked.
"The truth? That we just don't love each other anymore?"
"And you're sure about all this?"
"Yeah."
"I can talk to Lisa tomorrow at work."
"I'll call Ty, then."
He helped me load the case into my car. We hugged, and then I drove off. Leonard wasn't a bad guy, but we weren't right for each other.
On the road, I called Cindy.
"Hey Fran, long time no see."
"Can I stay with you for a couple of days?"
"Sure, hon. What's the matter?"
"Lenny and I just split up."
"Holy shit, what? What happened?"
"I'll tell you when I get there."
"Jesus, Fran." I hung up.
I took a deep breath. It suddenly dawned on me that I could do anything I wanted. Ty and Lisa were both grown up, and didn't really need us anymore. Leonard clearly didn't need me anymore. The whole world was open to me. I could just drive to the airport, buy a ticket to Peru, and be out of there. It felt liberating. Even if I was never going to jet off to Peru. I didn't even speak spanish.
Cindy greeted me at the door with a glass of wine. "I think you're gonna need this."
"Thanks, Cindy."
"So, what the hell happened? I know you guys haven't felt the romance in a while, but I didn't think it would happen so quickly." I made myself comfortable on her couch.
"I just realized I didn't want to be with him anymore."
"Fran, I know you too well. Who's the guy?" I couldn't tell her it was my own son. It was just too wrong. Too far outside of acceptance. I didn't want to jeopardize my friendship with Cindy.
"I can't tell you."
"Why not? Oooh, is he married?"
"No."
"Is he famous?"
"No."
"Why can't you tell me?"
"It's complicated."
She frowned. "Can you at least tell me when you guys met?"
"Yeah, on Friday." Well, technically I didn't meet him then, but close enough.
"Jeez, and you're already running off with him? He must have a huge cock."
I couldn't help but giggle. The wine helped. "He does have a magnificent cock."
"So, tell me everything."
"Everything started with a massage..."
I launched into the story, omitting the fact that it had been Ty. I told her how that night Leonard had surprised me with the impromptu visit to Lake Trout, only to abandon me for the fishing tournament he booked weeks in advance. I told her about my trip to the small fishing village, my accidental public show ("Really? In front of all those people?"), my "almost" experience in the bar ("I can't believe you let him do that in a crowded bar."), my day of wild, carnal sex, and the eventual breakup with Leonard. Cindy made sure my glass stayed full the entire time.
"Wow," she said, when I finished. "Sounds like you had quite an awakening."
"That's how I feel."
"And not once did you stop to tell me anything about it, I'm offended," she complained, although she didn't sound too serious.
"Sorry, I just had a lot on my mind."
"So what are you gonna do now?"
"I'm gonna do whatever the heck I want. I've never felt so free in my life."
"It suits you. You look like you lost twenty years."
"I feel like it, too." The bottle was empty by now, and Cindy got another one. "I'm gonna find an apartment in the city, so I can be closer to him."
"You're welcome to stay here, you know. I can clean out the other room, and we can put a bed in there."
"Thanks, but no. I want to live closer to Ty."
"Ty? What does he have to do with..."
Oh. Shit. Cindy's eyes shot wide open in comprehension.
"Francine Daphne Evans! Are you telling me that you are... this. With Ty?"
I felt like someone had emptied a bucket of ice over me. I felt like a monster. Unbidden, tears came to my eyes, and I tried to bury my head in my hands. Visions of cops arresting me, standing in front of a judge, and being sentenced to prison flashed through my head.
Hands touched my shoulders, and Cindy hugged me, while I sobbed into my hands.
"Oh... Fran," she sighed, when my tears died down. "What did you get yourself into."
"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to drag you into this."
"No, I'm sorry. Really, I am. I can see why you didn't want to tell me." She handed me a tissue, and I blew my nose. "Feeling better now?"
"Yeah, a little. What about you?"
"I don't know. That was quite the bombshell you dropped." She mulled it over for a bit. I curled up and put my head down on her lap, and she started playing with my hair. "So, this thing with you and Ty. Is it mutual?"
"Of course!"
"Does Leonard know?"
"No."
"Does Lisa?"
"No."
She was silent for a while again, before asking, "Does he make you happy?"
"Oh lord, yes."
"This is gonna take a while for me to process."
"I'm sorry."
"It's ok."
She kept stroking my hair, and I slowly drifted off into sleep.
===== WEDNESDAY =====
My alarm rang at seven, and ripped me out of sleep. I was still lying on the couch. Cindy had, at some point, thrown a blanket over me. I quickly showered, got dressed, and left a note to Cindy that I had gone to work. On the drive over, I tried to call Ty but nobody picked up.
"Hey, Mary, I got a favor to ask of you."
"Shoot."
"I need to find an apartment in the city
"For a client?"
"No, for me."
"Really? How come?"
"Lenny and I are splitting up."
"Shit, really?"
"Yeah."
"Damn. What happened?"
I gave her the highly abridged version, that Leonard and I just didn't love each other anymore, and wanted to go our separate ways.
"Shit. You need a place to stay? It's not because I saw that dick pic, is it? Oh god, I'd feel horrible if it was my fault you two—"
"Nah, that wasn't it. I'm staying at Cindy's, but I wanna find a place of my own. Somewhere in the city."
"Alright, I can definitely help you there. I know a guy, I'll get you a list."
"Thanks, Mary."
"Anytime."
Being a realtor did have its advantages. Just before lunch my phone rang. It was Lisa.
"Mom! Is it true?"
"Yeah."
"Shit. Really?"
"Yup."
"How come?"
"Didn't Lenny tell you already?"
"He just said something about you guys not loving each other anymore."
"That's pretty much it."
"Is it because of that bitch Veronica?"
"Who?"
"She's this royal pain in the ass that keeps coming in shop to 'get her car fixed' by Dad." So that was her name.
"No. Listen, Lisa, it was mutual."
"You mean you've been getting, uh...your car fixed too?"
"In a way, yeah."
"Oh."
"No matter what's gonna happen, I'll always be your mother, and I love you." I remembered saying similar words to Ty—while his cum was inside me—and immediately felt bad. I still meant it, even if circumstances were different this time.
"This is too weird."
"If there's anything I can say.. .or do. Please, tell me."
"I don't know. I gotta go back to work, but... let's talk, ok?"
"Sure, I'd like that."
We said our goodbyes, and hung up. My lunch break had already started, so I tried calling Ty again, and this time he picked up.
"Hey, Ty."
"Hi, Ma, what's up?"
"I got some news."
"Good or bad?"
"You decide." I hesitated. I had no idea how he would respond.
"Sounds serious. What is it?"
"Lenny and I split up last night."
He was silent for a long time.
"Ty?"
"Did you break up because of me?"
"No, not really. Lenny and I haven't been happy for a long time, but we just kept going. You just gave me a reason to do it."
"What are you gonna do now?" I was getting tired of answering that question.
"I'm staying with Cindy right now, but I'm looking for a place in the city."
"Really?"
"Yeah. You know what that means, right? I'm gonna be living a lot closer to you."
"That's great news, Ma!"
"We'll be able to spend a lot more time together."
"Damn, I get a hardon just thinking about it."
"Really?" I pictured his beautiful cock, and got a little bit excited myself. I looked around the office. Mary had left for lunch, and I couldn't see anyone else.
"Yeah."
"Take it out."
"What?"
"Your cock. Take it out."
"Alright, it's out."
"Ok, now put your hand around it, and start stroking slowly. Imagine my lips wrapped around it." I slipped my own hand down my pants, and realized how wet I was.
"Mmmm... that feels good."
"I just started playing with myself, right here in the middle of the office."
"What if you get caught?"
"I don't know. Anybody could just waltz in here and see me fingering myself. Are you still stroking?"
"Yeah, I'm trying to picture you right now."
"I'm really wet right now, and playing with my clit."
"Put a finger inside."
"Alright, hold on." I held the phone close to my pussy, and rapidly thrusted my fingers in and out of my pussy, trying to make as many loud squishing noises as possible. "There, you like that?"
"Hell yeah." I kept going, it felt too good to stop.
"Now imagine I'm on all fours in front of you, naked. You've been waiting for this moment all your life. Your mother's pussy is ready, and it's all yours. All you have to do is take it."
I could hear his breathing getting shallower. "I get on my knees behind you, and slide my hard cock in your tight little snatch."
"Oh fuck yes, Ty. Faster. Faster." I start moaning into the phone, highly exaggerated. The fake moans turned real very quickly, and I closed my eyes in anticipation.
"Oh god, I'm coming."
"Wait, I'm almost there."
"Please, I can't hold on."
"Now, oh god fuck fuck fuck fuck..." I shuddered, and let the orgasm roll over my body. Ty grunted on the other side.
"That was great, Ma."
"Mmmm, yeah." I kept playing with my sensitive clit, eliciting repeated aftershocks.
"Are you really in your office?"
"Yup!"
"I had no idea you were so kinky."
"Neither did I actually. It's a recent discovery."
"I wish you were here."
"Me too." We didn't say anything for a bit. "Don't worry, things are gonna change," I continued.
"Can't wait!"
"I'll talk to you soon, ok?"
"Ok."
"I love you, Ty."
"I love you too, Ma."
I turned my chair around, and snapped a selfie, hand still down my pants, with the empty office as backdrop. Then a closeup of my fingers deep inside my pussy, dripping wet with juices. I sent them both to Ty, and he replied with just "hot."
Lunch break was almost over, and I hadn't even eaten anything. I cleaned up in the bathroom, and when I came out, Mary just returned.
After work, I grabbed some fast food on the way to the city, and checked out some of the places on the list. One or two of them weren't bad, but overall it was disappointing. All the really nice ones were outside of my range, of course. I got back to Cindy's, and we watched a movie together before going to sleep.
====== THURSDAY =====
I had several showings booked, which occupied me all morning. In the afternoon, I went apartment hunting again. After seeing two that were just abysmal, I expected the third to disappoint as well. It was one bedroom, one bath, one kitchen apartment located on the outskirts of the city, in a medium income neighborhood, about half an hour away from work, and forty five minutes away from Ty's college. It had recently been renovated, and came fully furnished, which was a huge plus. But what really drew me in were the large, floor to ceiling windows in the bedroom, facing east.
I showed her my paystubs, signed the lease on the spot, and wrote a check for the first month's rent and security deposit. The landlady—Mrs. Ruben, a grandmotherly woman in her 70's— handed me two keys, and told me I could move in within the hour, if I wanted to. Overall, it was pretty painless.
I stood in my new apartment, and looked around. It wasn't big, it wasn't fancy, but it was mine. For the first time in my life, I lived alone. I pulled open the heavy curtains in the bedroom, and looked down at the street two floors below me. On the other side of the street stood two more apartment complexes, with a sizeable gap between them.
I pulled out my cell and called Cindy.
"Hey, Cindy, you'll never guess where I'm standing."
"The moon?"
"Close, but no. I'm standing in my very own apartment."
"Already? Jesus, that was fast."
"You have no idea how great I feel, like I could accomplish anything."
"So, when can I see it?"
"Right now, actually. Would you mind bringing me my stuff? I need go and buy some necessities for this place, and I don't know if I can manage to swing by today."
"Sure, what are friends for?"
After giving her the address and directions, I looked up the nearest supermarket on my phone. On the way there, I called Ty.
"Are you doing anything tomorrow evening?"
"Uh, I was going to go out with friends."
"Cancel that."
"Um, sure. Why?"
"You and I are going on a date."
"A date?"
"Yeah, a date date. You know, romantic dinner and everything. I thought it would be nice to actually have a real, proper date. So far all we've done is have sex."
"That sounds good, actually."
"Ok, I'll pick you up at six. Wear something nice."
"Ok. Where are we going?"
"You'll find out tomorrow. I'll see you then."
"Can't wait."
At the store I bought just a few necessities like toilet paper, clean sheets, paper plates, plastic cups and silverware, cleaning supplies, and groceries for the next few days. When I got back, Cindy was already waiting for me at the door, suitcase in hand.
"About time you showed up," she complained.
"Sorry, I was out buying a few things." I unlocked, and gave Cindy a tour of the place.
"By the way," she said, holding out a bottle of wine, "I got you a small housewarming gift."
"Oh thanks, I could definitely use that. You wanna help me clean this place a bit?"
"Not really, but I'll do it anyway."
"You're the best."
I opened all the windows to air out the place, and together we gave the place a good cleaning. Especially the bathroom. I borrowed a vacuum cleaner from the Mrs. Ruben, who lived on the ground floor. After a few hours, I was satisfied with the overall state of cleanliness.
Unfortunately, the only thing I didn't have was a corkscrew, and we had to open the bottle by pushing the cork into the bottle.
"So, what comes next in the grand life of Francine Evans, the seducer of sons?" asked Cindy, after we retired to the couch with two plastic cups of wine.
"Is that all I am now?"
"No, of course not. But come on, Fran, you've got to admit it's unusual."
"Tell me about it."
"What's it like?"
"What's what like?"
"You know, doing it. With your son."
"Cindy!"
"What? I think I have the right to ask questions."
"I guess you do, but you really want to know what it's like to have sex with Ty?"
"You basically already told me everything you two did, remember? You just didn't say it was with Ty."
"So why are you asking?"
"What's it like, really?"
"I dunno. At first it was really weird, and I didn't know what to think. And then when we did it the first time, I kept wondering 'Is this really happening?' And the entire time it felt like I was doing something wrong, something I wasn't supposed to. It was a total rush. Like that time we shoplifted a bottle of vodka and got drunk in high school. You're doing something you're not supposed to, but you do it anyway."
"I remember that. I remember how I was totally nervous and excited at the same time."
"Yeah, it's exactly like that, only stronger."
"And you feel like that all the time?"
"No, it's not as strong now, but it's still a rush."
"Sounds nice."
"You're not thinking of..."
"No," she rolled her eyes at me. "It just sounds nice. I'm glad you found something that makes you happy, you deserve it after all those years of putting up with Lenny. Speaking of, how's that going?"
"Nothing's changed, I just haven't had the time yet."
"You gonna take him for all he's got?"
"No. He's not a bad guy, you know. Just not for me." Cindy shot me a look that said she thought otherwise. "I make enough at my job for myself, we'll probably just split up our things, or something. But I don't want the house, I really don't. It feels more like a trap than a home after all these years."
We chatted more until the bottle was empty, then—too exhausted and drunk to move—we dozed off on the couch.
===== FRIDAY =====
My alarm woke me up again. I got up, reoriented myself to my new surroundings, woke up Cindy, showered, and drove to work. After consulting Mary, I made a reservation for seven at "Le Ciel Bleu," a nice, upscale restaurant.
Time passed exceptionally slow.
I rushed home—it still felt weird to call my apartment "home"—and spent the rest of the afternoon shopping for a nice dress, since most of mine were still at the house. I ended up settling on a cute, navy sundress. Might as well celebrate the last days of summer in style.
At quarter to six, I pulled up near Ty's dorm, fully dolled up, and wearing the new dress. I've visited him a few times in the past, so I knew where he lived. On the way up to his room, several people openly stared, but I just kept walking and enjoyed the attention. I felt sexy as hell.
Ty opened the door, wearing a periwinkle dress shirt, and dark slacks. I greeted him with a long, and deep kiss.
"You look incredibly sexy, Ma."
"So do you," I replied, and he really did. "By the way, I think you should start calling me 'Fran' if we're gonna be out in public together."
"That's gonna be weird."
"I know, but—"
"Yeah, I get it."
"Sexy and smart, I like it." I looked around, but it seemed like he was alone. "Is anyone here?"
"Nah, my roomie's out at a party. I was supposed to go too, but, you know."
"Awww, I'm sorry," I mocked in a fake voice, "let me make it up to you." I turned around, hiked up my skirt, pulled down my panties, and stuck my butt out at him. Ty lost no time, and unzipped his pants. Looking over my shoulder, I saw his magnificent cock grow hard. He grabbed my hips, and entered me. It had only been two days, but good lord had I missed that cock in me. He was pounding hard and fast, and came just as quick, shooting his cum deep inside me.
"Mmmm, feeling better, baby?"
"Yeah... sorry about coming so quickly, it just feels so good."
"Don't worry, we got a long night ahead of us."
The "Le Ciel Bleu" was a fancy restaurant, with a red carpet entrance and valet service. I gave the maitre d' my name (Evans, party of two), and he led us to an empty table. By the dimly lit light I could see that they had painted the entire ceiling blue, with a few large clouds. The tables were round, with tablecloth that hung just barely above the ground. I set down my purse, and a waiter brought us two menus.
"Tonight's specials are roasted quail with potatoes, and barbecued pheasant with lentil soup," the waiter recited. "May I get you anything to drink?"
"Some wine would be nice."
"Certainly, Madame... I'll get the list."
A few tables behind Ty and to the left was an older couple, in their late fifties, who seemed engrossed in their conversation. Otherwise, the restaurant only had a few occupied tables, but none that were close. I was still horny from not having finished earlier, and looking at the tablecloths gave me an idea.
"Ty?"
"Yeah, M—Fran?" he corrected himself.
"Could you order me the quail?"
"Sure." It took a moment for him to process it. "Wait, why? Where are you going?"
"I've got an itch I need to scratch." I looked around to make sure nobody was watching.
"How's that—" He stopped, when I slid off my chair, and got on the ground. I lifted the tablecloth, and slipped under it. It was dark, only a ring of light around the bottom provided any me with enough light to see. I tugged on Ty's legs. He got the hint, and scooted forwards, until his stomach touched the rim of the table.
Ty's legs were poking through the tablecloth. I lifted it even more to get access to Ty's crotch, and open his zipper. His flaccid cock emerged from its hiding hole, and I licked it a few times until it grew into the spectacular penis I was so eager to see. I slipped a hand up my skirt, and started playing with myself, while sucking Ty's cock.
Footsteps approached, and I heard the waiter talk.
"Are you ready to order, sir?" the waiter asked, ignoring my absence.
"S-Sure," replied Ty. "She'll have the quail special, and uh...uh, I-I'd like the crispy duck." I enjoyed how flustered he got while I ran my tongue up and down his shaft, and could feel my orgasm building up.
"And the wine list, Sir."
After a moment, Ty replied, "Could you just b-bring something that goes with the food, n-not too expensive?" I wondered what the water would say if he were to lift the tablecloth right now, and see me sucking on my own son's cock. Visualizing his reaction pushed me over the edge, and I brought myself to a mind numbing orgasm.
"Very well, Sir."
Satisfied, I dedicated myself fully to the task of getting Ty off.
"Thank you."
I started stroking his shaft, while teasing the bottom of his head with my tongue, when he exploded without warning. Spurt after spurt of cum shot out of his cock and onto the underside of the table, my face, and cleavage. I quickly wrapped my lips around it, and sucked out the last remaining drops, but the damage was already done.
It was hard without a mirror, but I tried my best to scrape all the ropes of cum out of my face. I licked my fingers clean, then listened around for the sound of footsteps. None were audible, so I quickly crawled out of under the table, and sat down on my chair. The woman at the table behind Ty was looking at me, and shot me a nasty glare. Just then, the water approached again, carrying a bottle of wine.
"This is a nice Ch—uh," he stammered, glancing at me, "Chateau 1957, that, uh..."
Ty started blushing.
"Sounds great, we'll take that one," said Ty, releasing the waiter from his torment.
"What's going on?" I asked, after the waiter had left.
"You still have, uh, cum. On your face."
I pulled a hand mirror out of my purse, and sure enough, a thick rope of cum hung on my cheek.
"Whoops. My bad." I scraped it off with my finger, and stuck it in my mouth. "Mmm... did I get it all?"
"Yeah, but.. fuck, Ma," he said, forgetting to call me by my name. "There's no way he didn't notice."
I was incredibly turned by the thought of the waiter seeing me like that, I almost started playing with myself again. "Sorry." The lady in the back was still shooting me nasty glances. I smiled at her.
"Is this part of your kink?"
"Yeah, I guess so. Does it bother you?"
"I don't know. Whenever I pictured the two of us together, it was just us two. No spectators."
"I didn't actually plan on it. Just sort of happened."
"Do you think they're gonna kick us out now?"
"I don't think, you saw how awkward he was. There's no way he's gonna go to his manager and say 'Sir, there's a lady with cum on her face.'" I giggled.
"Let's hope so, I'm hungry."
We sat in silence for a few minutes, staring awkwardly at anyone but each other. Ty was the first to break the silence.
"This is weird."
"I know. What do people talk about on first dates anyway? I've only been on one and that was years ago. But we already know so much about each other."
"I dunno."
"What do you like doing in your spare time?"
"I like to read and draw."
"You draw? Really?"
"Yeah, I only started recently."
"Why didn't you ever show me any drawings?"
"Well, we weren't really that close."
"Do I get to see them now?"
"Yeah, sure. But they're not that good. Like I said, I only started recently."
"I'm sure they're great."
"Maybe. But they're all back on my computer, anyway."
"So what kind of stuff do you read? I'm reading 'Escape from Mars' right now."
"Really? I never pegged you for the teen sci-fi type."
"You've read it?"
"Yeah," he admitted. "All of them, actually."
"I'm reading it for the first time."
Glad to have finally found common ground, we talked about the series—not enough to spoil the story for me, of course—until the food arrived. The quail was absolutely delicious, and, eager to try everything, we shared our dishes.
"So," Ty began, after our plates were empty, "what does all this make the two of us?"
"What do you want it to be?"
"I dunno. I guess we're dating now."
"Yeah, I guess we are. Does this make us boyfriend and girlfriend?" I couldn't help but laugh, it sounded so silly to hear the words coming out of my mouth.
"You think that's funny?" Ty looked a little hurt.
"Oh, no, baby, I didn't mean it like that. I just have a hard time picturing an old woman like me being a 'girlfriend' to somebody."
"You're not that old."
"In that case, I'd like to be your uh, girlfriend." It still sounded weird. Ty beamed. "You don't have classes tomorrow, right?"
"Yeah, it's Saturday."
"I wanna show you something."
"What is it?"
"It's a surprise." Ty looked annoyed, but also curious. I picked up the bill—despite Ty's protests—and we left.
I parked at the apartment complex, and got out.
"What is this place? Where are we?"
"Just wait." I grabbed his hand, and pulled him up the stairs to the third floor.
"Who's place is this?" asked an impatient Ty.
"Mine." I unlocked and opened the door. "Come in."
Ty stood frozen in the doorway. "You got a new place already?"
"Yup. It's all mine." I pulled my sundress over my head, and stood there in just underwear. The front of Ty's pants stretched in a noticeable bulge. I unclasped my bra, and tossed it aside. Ty was still standing in the same place, gaze fixed on my body. I turned around, and playfully stripped off my panties. "So," I said, after turning back to him, "are you gonna come in, or should we do this with the door open? You know, that might actually be—"
Ty sprang forward, slammed the door shut, and interrupted me by embracing my head with both hands, and kissing me deeply. I undid the buttons on his shirt, and unbuckled his belt. After his clothes were off, I laid down on the carpet, and Ty entered me.
It was different. Sensual, and erotic. Ty gazed lovingly into my eyes as he thrust deep in me. I almost didn't feel the orgasm start to wash over me until my entire body became warmer and warmer. My skin started tingling all over, and every thrust, every pull was magnified a thousandfold. Every nerve ending in my body was firing all at once, until I couldn't take it anymore, and surrendered entirely.
When I came to, Ty was lying next to me on the floor. I scrambled on top of him, kissed him, and then laid my head down on my chest.
A long time later, Ty said quiet, "It feels real now."
"Good."
"Does that mean I'm gonna live here with you now?"
"You don't have to. Actually, we already paid for your dorm room this semester. And it's probably easier for you to go to classes if you're there."
"I could come here every weekend though."
"I'd like that."
"Me too." I planted kisses all over his chest, and soon enough his cock was getting hard again.
We spent the rest of the night fucking, from raw, unbridled ferocity to pure and sweet passion, christening every room. The sun set, and the world went dark. Completely exhausted, physically and mentally, we ended up on the bed. Ty held me close, and I let myself be held. It had been barely more than a week since my adventure started, but it felt like a lifetime.
Soon he drifted off into sleep, and his grip relaxed. The curtains were closed tight, shutting out the rest of the world. I lifted his arm off me, got up, and threw open the curtains.
The sky was black, and below me the street was illuminated by the orange light of streetlamps. A few cars drove by, silent in the night. Just a bit further than that, I could make out the silhouettes of people, in the light of windows. If any of those people were to look out right now, they could see me up here, in my ivory tower. Standing in front of the world, naked as the day I was born. Happy. Loved. Young.
The next morning, I woke up to sunlight glaring in my face, shining directly into my apartment through the gap between the two apartment buildings on the other street. I looked to my side, and saw Ty sleeping peacefully. I kissed him on the cheek, got up, and stretched in front of the open window, not caring one bit who might see me. I looked out at the new day, and the sunlight warmed my skin.
I was confident that everything would turn out alright.