Part 9: Group Sex
Chapter 25: Group Sex - Weekend With Clarice - Making atonement to Suzanne
After my morning as Clarice's naked slave boy, I dressed as Clarice had directed me, including a conspicuous slave collar, and we set out walking for the small shopping area we seen a couple of blocks away. I felt a self-conscious wearing the slave collar with my otherwise conservative clothes, so I kept tugging at it and twisting it around my neck. Clarice smiled and said, "Leave it alone, slave. You're just drawing more attention to it."
We checked out a couple of little boutiques where I had to hold Clarice's coat and purse while she poked around and tried on things. I wasn't allowed to do any shopping of my own and I had to stand just outside the changing rooms. I also wasn't allowed to see what she was trying on.
I hate shopping with a passion, and Clarice knows it. I decided that I'd have to find a way to get even.
When Clarice got tired of shopping it was lunchtime, so we went into a little sandwich shop. We asked for a table by the window, and from where we were seated we could people watch both the passersby on the street and the other diners.
Clarice pointed to a table where three women were sitting together and asked, "Slave, do you find those women attractive?"
"Yes, Mistress."
"Which one do you find most attractive?"
I had seen the three women walk in. As they took off their coats and sat down, I could see that two of them were about average height and were dressed similarly in jeans that fit snugly enough to show off firm asses, and cozy turtlenecks that gave a hint of flat stomachs and B cup tits but mostly hid their shapes. One looked to be in her mid to late forties and the other appeared to be in her early thirties.
The third was a striking contrast. She would have been half a head taller than her companions without the four-inch heels she was wearing. While her friends would be described as average builds, the third woman was definitely full figured. She also had on jeans, but they hugged her full, womanly hips. She wore a soft looking V-neck top that showed a little bit of cleavage and hugged firm, C cup breasts. Her shoulders were slim, her stomach was as flat as her friends, and her legs and ass didn't show any sign of fat. She was a big, beautiful woman and she appeared to know it.
I looked at them closely. The two smaller women were sitting huddled together on the right side of the booth. They were smiling and appeared to be enjoying their lunch, but they looked like passive participants. The third woman was obviously the life of the group. She had a sparkle in her eyes, and I could see that she was directing the conversation and drawing her companions out.
Her face was pretty in an unspectacular way, but she had a poise and confidence that made her amazingly attractive. When she smiled, it lit up the room, and her dimples made you want to smile too.
"The woman on the left. The brunette with the blue eyes."
"What would you like to do to her?"
For some reason, the first thing that came to mind was sliding my cock between her voluptuous tits and cumming all over them. When I told that to Clarice, she said, "That's very presumptuous of you, slave, and not very respectful to her. I think you should apologize and offer to make amends."
I was surprised at this turn in our conversation, but I just answered, "Yes, Mistress."
Clarice took a minute to explain what she wanted me to say, and then she wrote her name and number on a piece of paper she took from her purse and handed it to me.
I walked over to the table where the three women were sitting. As I stepped up next to them, their conversation stopped and they looked at me. I said, "Please excuse me for interrupting your lunch. My mistress insisted that I apologize to you."
The woman who I had singled out asked, "Apologize for what?"
I repeated the comment I had made and explained that Clarice had told me I was disrespectful. "My mistress told me that I must apologize and offer to make amends."
"Who is your mistress?"
I pointed to Clarice.
"What do you mean by 'amends'?"
"Whatever services you think will atone for my rude remark."
"What do you typically do for your mistress when you've done something wrong?"
"My mistress often has me lick her ass and stick my tongue in her hole. She also sits on my face. Sometimes she requires me to put my cock into her cunt while she masturbates herself to an orgasm. I'm not allowed to cum without her permission while she does that."
"When and where would you make amends?"
"At a time and place that you and my mistress would agree on. Here's her phone number," and I handed her the paper.
"You've disrupted our lunch and may have offended my friends with some of the vulgar language you used. Would you make amends to them too?"
"If that's what you require, yes."
"My husband might object to the atonement you're suggesting. Would you service him as well?"
"Yes, ma'am. I'm trained to service men and women."
The older of the other two women spoke up for the first time, "Can you show us that you're equipped for this kind of atonement?"
The booth where the women were seated was in a secluded corner of the restaurant. The lunch crowd had thinned out, so the nearby tables were empty. I took a quick glance around as I undid my belt and opened my pants.
The women looked at my cock through the sheer fabric of my briefs. The older woman licked her lips and sucked in a breath while the younger woman turned away without really taking her eyes off my crotch. The woman I'd been speaking to gave my cock a brief appraising look before she looked me in the eye and said, "My name is Suzanne. These are my friends, Kate and Allison. I'll be in touch with your mistress."
I did up my pants and said, "Thank you, ma'am," before I returned to Clarice and reported on our conversation.
We finished our lunch and spent a couple more hours walking around the neighborhood and checking out the shops. Our walk took us into a nearby park, mostly abandoned due to the cold weather. As we followed a trail that circled a large pond, we came to a stretch that was lined with trees. Clarice stopped and said, "I wish to see your cock, slave."
I said, "Yes Mistress," and undid my belt and opened my pants, then hauled my cock over the top of my briefs as I stood facing Clarice.
Clarice said, "I want it hard."
I said, "Yes Mistress," and stroked my cock until it was standing up and rubbing against my shirt.
Clarice said, "Take your pants off and carry them."
I started to protest, more because of the cold than the risk of being caught. It was unseasonably warm, although the temperature was still in the low fifties, so I figured it wouldn't be that uncomfortable. Then I thought of a way I could get even with her for this, and that decided me.
I said, "Yes Mistress," and took off my pants and briefs, then put my shoes back on and fell in beside Clarice. As we started off, Clarice said, "Keep it hard," so I lightly stroked and fondled it as we walked.
We walked like that for a quarter of a mile until we heard some people coming from the opposite direction. As they came around the bend, I could see that it was an older couple out power walking. As they came upon us, they stopped abruptly, and we stopped too. The woman looked me up and down, then looked at the man and asked, "Did you take a pill today?"
The man said, "Yep. Right after lunch."
The woman said, "Good. Let's cut our walk short and go home."
They turned and went back the way they had come. As they went out of sight, Clarice said, "You may dress now."
I said, "Yes Mistress," and got dressed, and then we returned to Keith and Anita's house. Once we were there, Clarice had me strip and go to the family room while she went up to the bedroom. When she came down, she had a device that fastened to my wrists and ankles and held them all together. She had me kneel on the floor with my butt resting on my feet.
Clarice stripped, then grabbed my hair and pulled my head back. She straddled my head and force my mouth to her pussy. She ground my face into her cunt and made me lick her until she had an orgasm that left her legs shaky, then she sat down on the sofa and turned on the TV.
When the show she was watching finished, Clarice mounted my face again. Just as I began licking her clit, her cell phone rang. She answered it without moving off me, so I kept licking her.
"Hello, this is Clarice."
"Oh, hello Suzanne. I wasn't sure when to expect your call."
"We took a nice walk in the park. Now we're just relaxing."
"I'm watching some TV while Ian is eating my pussy."
"Yes, he's sucking on my clit right now. .... Yes, he is very good."
"Oh, of course. When did ... you want us ... to ... come ... over? Oh! Oh! Oh, God!"
"Sorry about that. When did you say?"
"Yes, we can come today. It's almost six now. What time would you like us to be there?"
"Yes. 6:30's fine. Where do you live?"
"437 Willow Vale Drive? Okay. We're staying at a friend's house. 300 Elm Grove Road. Can you tell me how to get there?"
"It's only a few blocks away? .... Got it. We look forward to seeing you."
Clarice hung up and went back to grinding her cunt into my face. When she was satisfied, she released me from the restraints and told me to clean up. I washed my face and my chest where Clarice's cum had dripped onto me. Then I brought a hot washcloth to clean her.
Clarice told me to wear a clean pair of sheer briefs, jeans, a shirt, slip on shoes, no socks and no T-shirt. After we got dressed, Clarice made me brush my teeth, and we were out the door.
Suzanne only lived three blocks away, so we walked to her house following the directions she'd given to Clarice. We found the house easily and rang the bell.
A man answered the door, and Clarice said, "We're here to see Suzanne."
The man looked a little wary as he introduced himself and let us in, "Hi. I'm Tim, Suzanne's husband. She's right through here in the family room."
We followed him down a short hallway to a room where we found Suzanne, Kate and Allison sitting and drinking wine. There was a beer on the end table by another chair that Tim sat down.
Suzanne said, "Thank you for coming Clarice. This is a new adventure for us, and we are really excited. Can I offer you drinks before we get started."
Clarice took a glass of wine and asked for a glass of water for me.
As Tim brought the drinks, Suzanne introduced the other ladies to Clarice. I found out that Alison was the younger woman and Kate was the older one. I also noticed that Kate was a hard body who obviously worked out but Allison was softer. I guessed that she was one of those thirty-somethings who could still get by on the metabolism of her youth. Kate and Suzanne worked as executive assistants at a law firm in town and Allison was the receptionist.
Once we were settled with our drinks, Clarice said, "Suzanne, Ian is ready to do your bidding, but I must insist that only you may use his penis. If you want him to service your husband or your friends, he must use his mouth, hands and ass."
Suzanne said, "Tim has never thought about having sex with a guy, but he loves to have his cock sucked and he may like to fuck my ass more than he likes fucking my pussy, so we convinced him that he might like having a guy service him. So before he chickens out or gets jealous, I'd like Ian to suck his cock to get it hard and then let Tim fuck him."
Clarice told me to get undressed. I stood in front of Suzanne and slowly pulled my shirt out of my pants, then I slowly unbuttoned it. I ran my hands over my chest and abs, and then down over my crotch as Suzanne watched. She nodded towards her friends, so I moved over in front of them, thrusting my hips towards their faces as I did.
I kicked off my shoes, and then slowly unfastened my belt. I pulled it out of the loops and cracked it like a whip before I tossed it into a corner.
I unbuttoned the top of my pants, then I crawled up on the chair where Suzanne was sitting. I knelt on the arms of the chair with my crotch inches from her face as I slowly pulled down the zipper. Then I slid my jeans down to the tops of my thighs and ran my hands over my cock and between my thighs.
I jumped off the chair and turned so I was standing between Suzanne's feet with my ass was pointing at her face. I bent over and lowered my jeans until I could step out of them. Then I stepped in front of Allison, who was sitting on the edge of the sofa, and did a little dance that had my ass undulating within a hairs breadth of her face.
When I moved to Kate, she stuck her nose in my ass and reached between my legs to cup my package. After dancing for her for a bit, I turned to face her and slid my thumbs into the waistband of my briefs, pulling them down slightly. I pulled them back up and removed my thumbs, indicating to Kate that she should take them off me.
Kate ran her hands over my chest, stomach and thighs before she hooked her fingers into my waistband. She pulled the waistband out and down, bending my almost completely erect cock. She rubbed my cock through my briefs for a moment before reaching in with one hand and maneuvering it past my waistband. Then Kate slid her hands around the inside of the waistband until she was cupping my ass before pushing my briefs down off my butt.
She ran her hands back to the front until they were tickling my balls before she slowly worked the briefs down my legs, caressing my skin all the way down. She held the briefs as I stepped out of them.
As she sat with them in her hand, my cock grazed her cheek. She nuzzled her nose into the crease between my balls and my thigh, and I heard her take a deep breath. Then she turned her head and captured my cock between her lips. Without using her hands, she slid her mouth down my shaft until I felt my balls hitting her chin. She stayed there for a second, tonguing my shaft, before she lifted her head and released my cock.
As Suzanne said, "Kate, I didn't know you were such a talented slut. I'll have to keep Tim away from you," Kate took my cock in her hand and offered it to Allison like it was a peace pipe. Allison looked around the group and just shook her head, so I went and stood in front of Suzanne.
Suzanne said, "That was hot," as she stood up. She looked directly into my eyes as she peeled off her top and massaged her tits, which were encased in a sexy pink lace bra. Still looking at me, she kicked off her heels and unbuttoned her pants. She bit her lower lip and made a pout as she unzipped her jeans and started pushing them down over her hips.
I held my breath as a pair of pink lace bikini panties that matched her bra came into view. I could see that she had puffy pussy lips, and through the gauzy material it looked like they were slightly parted and moist.
When her panties were fully revealed, she turned and bent over to push them the rest of the way down. As she did, she caressed her own thighs and calves, all the while looking back over her shoulder at me.
When she turned and sat down, my cock was throbbing and there was a trail of precum down to my balls. I looked around the room and saw that everyone else also seemed to be flushed and breathing hard.
Allison was sitting on the edge of the sofa with one arm clamped between her thighs, tight against her mound, and she was rocking and squeezing her legs together. Kate was rubbing and squeezing her own tits with her other hand pressed firmly between her legs. Clarice looked composed, but I could tell she was horny too. Tim was sitting in his chair with one hand resting on the bulge of his obviously hard cock.
Suzanne was also surveying her handiwork with a satisfied look on her face. She said to me, "I think you should take care of Tim first."
Tim looked like he had a sudden case of stage fright. Suzanne beckoned for him to come over, and when he was standing in front of her she made quick work of unfastening his jeans and pushing them down to his knees. She turned him towards me and said, "Why don't you suck him for a little and then let him fuck your ass."
As I knelt in front of Tim, I could see that he had thick, muscular legs. He was wearing a loose-fitting white flannel shirt, but I could tell that he had big arms and shoulders. The shirt bulged over a little bit of a pot belly, but it was nothing compared to some of the older professors at the Fellowship meetings.
As I slid his old-style boxers down, I saw that his cock was about average in length. It was shaped like some butt plugs I'd seen. The head was rounded, and the shaft flared into a fat bulb before tapering down to a thinner base. I thought I was going to like the way that felt in my ass.
As I opened my mouth and took the head of his cock in, I saw Suzanne out of the corner of my eye. She lifted one leg onto the arm of the chair and slid her hand down into her panties. At the same time, she slit her other hand into her bra.
I took Tim's entire length into my mouth and held it there as I fluttered my tongue over the underside. I could smell his sweat. It reminded me of a time when I helped my friend and his father clear trees from their property on a sweltering summer day. We all had a strong, manly sweat by the time we finished. Tim smelled like a less pungent version of that.
I started bobbing my head up and down his cock, and he put his hands on either side. I reached up to tickle his balls, but I had a hard time reaching them because his pants were holding his legs together. I stopped sucking him and reached down to pull off his shoes.
Tim lifted each foot in turn so I could take off his shoe and sock and slide his jeans and boxers off. When he was standing there in just his shirt, Kate said, "Take it all off!"
The other ladies joined in with more cat calls, so Tim clumsily removed his shirt and T-shirt, blushing furiously the whole time. When he was naked, I saw that my assessment was spot on. His upper body was powerfully built, like his legs, but he had some small love handles and the start of a beer gut.
The interruption had caused Tim to go soft, so I lifted his cock and snaked my tongue underneath to lick his balls. I flicked them gently with my tongue trying to gage whether I could fit one in my mouth. I'd guess they were a little smaller than a ping pong ball, so I pushed his legs a little wide apart and sucked one of them into my mouth.
I made sure that my mouth was as wet as I could make it as I lapped at his balls with my dripping tongue. I caressed his ball with my lips as I swirled my tongue around it. I could taste the salty sweat on his skin, and it made my mouth water even more.
As I let his ball pop out of my mouth, I heard Allison say, "That is hot. I need to learn how to do that."
Tim said, "You can practice on me. That was incredible."
He gave a groan of pleasure as I sucked his other ball into my mouth. As I licked and sucked, I could feel the weight of his now-hard cock against my face. As I released his balls and took hold of his cock, I could see that Clarice had also stripped down to her underwear.
She and Suzanne were sitting across from each other, watching each other play with their tits and cunts. Kate had her jeans open and was fingering herself. Allison still had her jeans buttoned, but she was clearly rubbing her pussy through the material.
As I started to suck on Tim's cock, he said, "I'm not going to last long. Just let me fuck you now."
Clarice said, "If you like, you may give my slave the privilege of drinking your cum now and then later you can fuck his ass."
That was what Tim wanted to hear. He took hold of my head and began driving his cock into my throat. I relaxed my throat as much as I could, licked my lips around his shaft, and applied a steady suction.
Very soon, I started tasting precum leaking from Tim's cock. It tasted sweet, and I found myself probing his slit with my tongue, looking for more. The action of my tongue on his sensitive cock head very quickly drove him over the edge.
His thrusts became erratic, so I grabbed his ass and took over fucking my mouth onto his cock. When I felt his whole body go stiff, I held him in my mouth right where his cum would fall on my tongue so I could enjoy the taste.
I could feel him clench, ready to explode, so I swiped my tongue across the notch under his crown. When I did, he fired a blast into my mouth that splashed off the roof before dripping back onto my tongue. I bobbed my head after each blast, until he groaned in pain. Then I just held him still in my mouth until I felt him go soft.
I heard Clarice and Suzanne cum with Tim. Kate and Allison sounded like they were frantically reaching for their orgasms and not getting there.
As I let Tim out of my mouth, he said, "That was the best blow job I've ever had, no offense to you Suzanne."
Clarice and Suzanne were once again idly playing with themselves and staring at each other.
I looked over at the sofa. Kate had her jeans around her ankles and had a hand shoved into her panties. Allison had unbuttoned her jeans and was trying to slip her hand inside, but the pants were too tight to allow her to reach far enough.
I went to the sofa and turned to look at Clarice. Stooping to take a shoe off Allison's foot, I said, "May I, Mistress?"
Clarice said, "Certainly."
I pushed Allison back so that she was laying on the sofa with her butt right on the edge. I removed her shoe and sock from one foot, giving it a quick massage before I started to move to the other foot. Clarice said, "Pay proper homage to her feet, slave," so I said, "Yes Mistress," and spent a few seconds licking and sucking each of her toes. Allison started to pull her foot away when I took her first toe into my mouth, but when I sucked hard and tickled the pad of her toe with my tongue, she oohed, and got a glazed look on her face.
Clarice knows that foot worship is a little outside my comfort zone, so I knew she was just seizing on an opportunity to push my boundaries.
Once I had done a proper job of removing both of Allison's shoes, I grabbed the waistband of her jeans and gently tugged on them. She lifted her butt, and I slid them off her hips.
I moved back so I could pull her jeans off her legs. As I she pulled each leg out of the jeans, I paused to rub the calf and thigh. I could see a big wet spot in her panties, so I moved my nose close and took a deep breath. She had a very nice, earthy smell that I found very pleasant, so I told her that.
Then I pulled her to her feet and slid her sweater off her arms. When I grabbed the hem of her shirt, she gasped and sucked in her stomach as my fingertips slid against her skin. I pulled the top over her head, grazing my fingers over her ribs as I did.
When she was standing in her underwear, I pulled her to me, so our bodies were touching and our faces were close enough so I could feel her breath on my cheek. As she was pressed against me, I ran my hands up the backs of her thighs, over her ass, and up to her breast. I stepped back and gently lifted her breasts for a second before I took her hand and helped her back to her seat.
With Kate, I grabbed her feet and threw her shoes off. I yanked her socks off and then grabbed the bottom of both pants legs and pulled them straight up. As the jeans came off, she was laying on her back with her legs straight in the air and her toes pointed at the ceiling like a pinup girl.
I held the jeans for a moment while she was trapped in that pose, then I pulled them free as I knelt between her legs with my cock presses against her panty-clad pussy. I pushed her sweater off so her arms were tangled in it under her body. While she was like that, I cupped and caressed her tits, rubbing my face over them at the same time.
I moved one hand underneath her, sliding it against her skin to the small of her back. Then I slid it up to her shoulders and lifted her to a sitting position. I pulled the sweater off her hands with my other hand, then I quickly yanked her shirt over her head, leaving her hands still tangled in the sleeves. I let her pull her hands free as I lowered her back onto the chair and ran my hands down her arms to her body.
As my hands ran over her collar bones, I kissed her neck and her throat. I traced the outline of her breasts as I nuzzled them where they were peeking out of the top of her bra. I kissed my way down her stomach as my hands slid over her waist. As I tickled the inside of her thighs, I rubbed my nose over her pussy and licked the soft skin at the edge of her panties.
Then I stood up and turned to Suzanne as I asked, "What would you like me to do next, ma'am?"
"Well, it looks like I'm the only one who hasn't had the pleasure of your services."
Clarice interrupted her, "Suzanne, you said on the phone that you'd like Ian to make love to you. I apologize, but I've kept him on edge all day long. If he were to make love to you now, it wouldn't last long enough to satisfy you. I think he needs a release right now, then he can fuck you properly when he's had time to recover."
"In that case, I've been thinking about that tit fucking he mentioned."
Clarice said, "Perfect. Slave, you know what to do."
I stood in front of Suzanne and leaned down to kiss her. As I did, she leaned forward and put her hands on my face. That allowed me to cup her breasts in my hands and gently massage them through her bra.
When Suzanne felt my hands on her breasts, she reached back and unfastened her bra. As the straps went slack, I lifted each breast and slid the bra out from under it. When they were free from their confinement, I ran my hands all over them, squeezing and tickling them.
As I was playing with Suzanne's breasts, I found several sensitive spots. I broke our kiss and knelt so I was at eye level with her nipples. While I continued to rub her breasts, I planted kisses on one of those sensitive spots. I lingered to lick it for a moment, and before I moved on I nibbled the soft skin. Suzanne gasped.
I explored her breasts with my mouth and hands, trying to find the spots that made her breath catch, until she was breathing hard. Then I swirled my tongue around one of her nipples. That drew a sound like she was on the brink of an orgasm.
As I worshipped her nipples, I pulled her towards me until her panty clad pussy was just touching my painfully hard cock. Within seconds my shaft was wet with her fluids.
When she tried to hump my cock, I let go of the nipple that I had been sucking on and pushed her back into the chair. I lifted her legs until they were pointing straight up and held them there with one hand gripping her ankles. With the other hand, I reached under her ass and grabbed the back of her panties.
I slid the panties up her legs and off. As I let go of her ankles, I leaned against the back of her thighs so my head was between her knees. From that position I was able to run my hands all over her thighs, her belly, her tits and her ass.
As I caressed her whole body, Suzanne was looking at me with a smile that said she had me right where she wanted me. We locked eyes for a minute before I put my hands on the back of her knees and spread them apart while pushing them towards her shoulders.
That opened up her pussy so I was able to lean down and get a closer look. She had surprisingly delicate pussy lips, but they were red and wet. Her scent was a strong, clean, womanly musk that made my mouth water for some reason.
She had a thick, dark bush of hair around her pussy. I noticed that she not only trimmed her bush along the bikini line, but she had also done some trimming along her labia. As I parted her hair with my nose, I found that her clit was like a baby's finger. I wrapped my lips around it for a moment, then moved on.
I ran my tongue up her slit and found that she had a sweet taste. I spent a lot of time licking up her slit and sucking on her lips, just lightly flicking her clit every now and then. Pretty soon she was squirming and moaning. I almost came myself when she finally said, in a little girl's voice, "Please suck my clit. Please make me cum."
I was happy to oblige her, immediately sucking her clit into my mouth. I sucked hard and flicked my tongue over it, strumming it as hard as I could. Suzanne's body went stiff almost immediately. She arched her back so that her weight was supported by her shoulders on the chair and her thighs that were resting on my shoulders. That forced my mouth into tighter contact with her cunt.
She bucked her hips three times before going rigid again, then she collapsed onto the chair. I carefully lifted her legs off my shoulders and placed her feet on the floor, then I leaned forward and took her into my arms. I rubbed her back and kissed her face until her eyes opened and she looked at me.
She said, "I thought we were supposed to give you a release?"
"We had to get your clothes off, and this seemed like a good way to do it."
"If that's the way you undress all of your lovers, you must be very popular."
Clarice said, "Unfortunately, he is. I have to beat off the competition with a stick."
I said, "You just have to kiss me and there's no competition."
Suzanne said, "Regardless, we still need to take care of you."
She stood up and moved to large ottoman. Laying down on her back, she asked, "Will this work?"
I straddled her and saw that the height was good. I put my hands on her shoulders to steady myself and asked if that was okay. As she nodded yes, Clarice produced a bottle of lube and knelt next to Suzanne. Clarice said, "It will be better for both of you with some of this."
She rubbed some of the lube on my cock, then she squirted a generous amount onto Suzanne's tits. As Clarice cupped each of Suzanne's tits between her hands and massaged the lube into her cleavage, Suzanne watched her and sighed contentedly. She said, "You must be popular with the ladies too."
Clarice just blushed.
When she decided that Suzanne was lubed enough, Clarice motioned for me to slide my cock into her cleavage. Clarice positioned herself at Suzanne's head and held her tits wrapped around my cock. As I started tit fucking Suzanne, I saw that she was watching my face. She said, "I want to see your face when you cum. I love watching people cum."
After just a few strokes in her soft valley, I could feel my orgasm building. With all the stimulations I'd had I was surprised that I didn't spontaneously shoot off in my pants. I told Suzanne, "It's coming fast."
Clarice was pinching Suzanne's nipples as she held her tits. I could see them standing up proud and flushed. As Suzanne moaned to Clarice that she loved what she was doing to her tits, my orgasm hit me like a bolt of lightning. I snorted through my nose and made some inarticulate moans. My upper body went rigid, but my hips kept moving, seemingly without me willing them to.
The first blast hit Suzanne in the chin and ran down over her throat. The second arced up and landed across her face from her cheek to her chin. I saw her stick out her tongue and scoop up the cum on her lips. One more blast hit her face and the rest fell on her chest.
As I slowly stood up on shaky legs, Suzanne grabbed my cock and pulled it to her mouth. She stuck out her tongue and licked a drop of cum hanging from my slit, then sucked my whole cock into her mouth and gave it a thorough tongue bath.
When she let my cock out of her mouth, I knelt and started licking the cum off her face. As I scooped the first milky trail off her cheek, she opened her mouth like a baby bird wanting to be fed. I kissed her, slipping my cum covered tongue between her lips. She sucked on it like she was starving.
Each time I collected a mouthful of sperm, I kissed her and we passed the cum back and forth. As we continued, Suzanne became flushed and was breathing hard. When I looked into her eyes, she had an glazed, dreamlike look on her face.
As I continued to lick the cum off her body and feed it to her, I stroked her breasts and her pussy with my hand. As I fed her the last of my cum, I tweaked her nipple hard and pinched her clit. She grabbed my head and held me in an intense kiss while her body went rigid. Then she slowly relaxed, but she continued to kiss me softly and sensually until her breathing was nearly normal.
As we parted, she said, "I never came like that from a tit fuck before. Clarice, you'd better hang on to this guy."
I turned to look at Clarice and saw that everyone else in the room was masturbating. Tim had fully recovered and was slowly stroking his cock. Even Allison had her panties pushed down exposing her bush, and it looked like she had two fingers up her cunt. Kate had her panties hanging off one ankle and she was frantically frigging her clit with her legs sprawled wide open. Clarice was slowly rubbing her hand all over her mound with one leg thrown over the arm of the chair she was sitting in.
Suzanne said, "It looks like you have more work to do. I think Kate looks like she needs your services the most."
Kate said, "Oh yeah! Come and eat my pussy."
Clarice said, "It might be fun to see Ian service Kate and Tim at the same time. Tim, do you still want to fuck Ian's ass?"
Tim answered, "Hell yes!"
Suzanne said, "Great! Ian, turn around and bend over so we can prepare you for Tim."
As I turned around, Suzanne knelt on the floor behind me. When I bent over, I could feel her breath on my ass. Then I felt her hands spreading my ass and her tongue tickling my hole. I let out a groan and said, "Oh, yeah!"
Suzanne licked my ass like she knew just where the sensitive spots are. As I continued to moan in pleasure, Tim said, "How come you've never licked my ass?"
Suzanne stopped licking me for a second to say, "You never asked. When I tickled your butt one time while I was giving you a blow job, you told me 'Cut that out. I'm not gay,' so I never tried to play with your butt again."
As she resumed her amazing rim job, Clarice handed her a tube of lube. She licked me for a few seconds longer, seemingly reluctant to stop. Then she drizzled the lube down my crack and rubbed it around my hole. She said, "Tim doesn't like having his ass touched, but he loves to shove his cock up mine. I know how much a good lube job helps."
She gently inserted two lubed fingers into my ass as she squeezed my cock and balls with her other hand. She moved her fingers slowly in and out, dragging her fingertips across my prostate on each stroke. My cock started dripping a steady stream of precum. Suzanne pulled my cock back between my legs and swabbed the drip from my slit with her tongue.
When she let go of my cock, she pulled her fingers out of my ass and said, "He's ready."
Kate had slowed down her frantic masturbation when she realized she was going to get her pussy licked soon. She took off her bra, then scooted her ass around until she was comfortable and said, "I can't wait to feel you eating my twat."
I positioned myself in front of her and couldn't help but smile at the eager look on her face. As I leaned down towards her wet, red gash, I slid my hands under her ass and grabbed both of her cheeks, spreading her ass and digging my fingers into her crack. Then I levered her butt off the sofa, lifting her pussy the last couple of inches to my mouth.
Kate squealed, and as my tongue parted her pussy lips, she rested her feet on my shoulders. She had a thick, untrimmed bush, so it took me a few seconds to part her curls. Then I held her and licked her like a kid trying to get the last drops out of an ice cream cup. She had very little scent, and her cum had just the slightest salty-sweet taste, but she flowed like a faucet. My face was soon covered in her wetness.
As Kate started stroking my hair and murmuring about how good her pussy felt, I could feel Tim positioning himself behind me. He seemed reluctant to touch me, and a few seconds later I felt two more bodies next to me. I assumed they were Clarice and Suzanne. One of them spread my ass open and the other took Tim's cock and rubbed it up and down my crack, pausing to tease my hole as they passed.
Kate had thick, full pussy lips, so I sucked them into my mouth and played with them with my tongue. I made sure to tug on them enough so they would rub and pull on her clit.
I felt someone center Tim's cock over my hole and start forcing it in. As the head of his cock pushed in against my ring, Tim grabbed my hips. He was tentative at first, but then I felt him pulling on my hips and driving his cock into my hole. Kate said, "Oh my god. His cock is going into your ass. That looks so hot."
I looked up at her as I continued to lap at her cunt. She was watching Tim's cock as it moved in and out of my ass with a fascinated look on her face. I stopped eating her cunt for a moment and asked, "Have you ever felt a fat cock filling your ass, sparking nerves you didn't know existed?"
"No, never."
I shifted my grip on her ass slightly so a couple of my fingers were pressed against her pucker. I gently wiggled my fingers, tickling her hole and inserting just the tip of one finger inside as I said, "It's like nothing else you've ever felt. If the person doing it knows what they're doing, it can be mind blowing."
As I resumed eating her pussy, she wiggled her ass to force my fingers into tighter contact with her hole. I spent a few moments alternately finger fucking her and painting her asshole with her girl cum before resuming my pussy licking and grabbing her ass. I was able to slide one finger into her up to the second knuckle, and gently tickle the inside of her asshole while I ate her out.
Tim was taking long, slow strokes, pulling completely out and then gliding his cock back into my hole. I could feel my ass gaping open for a second as he pulled out. Then, just as I felt it start to close, I felt him slide back in. It felt really amazing.
Suzanne said, "He loves to tease me like that when I let him have my ass."
Kate had been running her fingers through my hair. She suddenly pulled them back and started crushing her tits together. Then her eyes closed and she let out a slow moan. At the same time, she crossed her ankles and squeezed my head between her thighs. As her abs tightened, she looked like a twenty-year-old hard body.
It only lasted for a second, then she relaxed and said, "That was a good start."
As Kate had her mini-orgasm, Tim picked up his pace. He was no longer pulling out, but he was steadily stroking in and out of my ass.
We continued like that, with Kate having multiple orgasms that got progressively closer together and more intense. As she rode out one orgasm with anguished cries and an expression on her face that almost looked like she was in pain, I felt Tim change positions so he was squatting over my ass.
As he took a couple of slow strokes in this new position, I could feel his cock head bumping across my prostate. Once he was comfortable, he began driving his cock into my ass hard. I felt the thump of his balls slapping between my legs with each thrust, and I really noticed how the bulge in the middle of his cock made my ring open and close with each stroke.
By then, Kate was experiencing almost continuous orgasms. Her muscles were taut, so she looked like a sculpture, and she was covered in a sheen of sweat that highlighted the effect. She looked gorgeous at that moment.
Kate's whole body suddenly started quivering, and she yelled, "Oh god! Oh god!" and then lapsed into grunts and moans. She was squeezing my head again, and I had to fight to keep my mouth on her pussy and catch my breath.
Her upper body relaxed first, then she slowly loosened her legs around my head and set them on the floor. When she did, I moved up so I could take her in my arms. I held her and kissed her neck where I could feel her pulse pounding under the skin.
Tim moved with me, never missing a beat. As Kate and I embraced, he shouted, "Aaahh!" once and jabbed his cock as far up my ass as he could. I felt his hips clench as he pumped each blast of cum into my ass. As soon as he pumped the last, shuddering shot into me, he pulled out and collapsed onto the sofa between Kate and Allison.
By then, Kate was in a state of post-orgasmic bliss, so I kissed her and stood up. Suzanne looked at me and Tim and said, "I'll be right back."
She left the room and returned a few minutes later with warm washcloths and towels. She handed a towel and washcloth to Clarice and then went to clean Tim herself.
Clarice cleaned me and held the washcloth while Tim's cum drained from my hole. Then she dried me off and we sat back down in the chair with her on my lap.
Suzanne asked Tim and Kate if they had enjoyed their experiences. Kate said she thought she might like to try anal sex, and Tim told Suzanne he'd like to try having her play with his ass. We talked for a while until Suzanne turned to me with that gorgeous smile and asked, "Are you ready to pay your debt to me?"
Clarice stood to let me up. I walked to Suzanne and extended my hand to her saying, "I'm here to serve you, ma'am."
As she took my hand and stood, I pulled her close and kissed her. She pressed her body against mine and returned my kiss with passion. We stood there kissing, oblivious to the others, until we had to break to catch our breath. Then I asked her, "Where would you be most comfortable?"
She said, "Let's do this right," and led me by the hand to the stairs. As we started up, she turned to the rest of the group and said, "You can come too if you like."
They all followed as she led me to a bedroom with a king-sized sleigh bed. The sheets were thrown off and there was an unmistakable smell of sex in the room. Suzanne blushed as she told me, "Tim and I snuck up here for a quickie after I told him about your proposition."
Suzanne laid down on the bed, making herself comfortable with a big pillow under her head. As I moved to lie next to her, I was struck again by how sexy she looked. I commented, "You could make a fortune as a model. My friend, Drew, is in marketing and he said companies are realizing that there is a huge untapped market in full figured women, but very few of them go into modeling."
Suzanne blushed and smiled, a devastatingly beautiful look on her. I had to kiss her. I put one hand under her head, tangled in her hair, and pulled her body to me with the other. We lay there kissing, our bodies pressed together from our knees to our chests. Suzanne caressed my face as we kissed, her fingers butterfly soft on my cheeks. She broke the kiss a couple of times and just studied my face. I watched her beautiful blue eyes and inhaled her breath.
My cock grew hard, pressing between our bellies. Suzanne moved slightly so she could caress it, and after just a few seconds she pushed me over on my back and slid on top of me. I could feel my cock just touching her pussy before she somehow managed to slide down and engulf my cock in her cunt without using any hands. She sat still for some time, just looking at me, before she began slowly moving her hips.
I just sat still and caressed the parts of her that I could reach. I managed to slide up onto the pillows so that I could lean forward and kiss her face. She raised up slightly, allowing me to meet her thrusts as I held her face and kissed her.
I could feel an intensity building in her, and as it did our kissing became more passionate and our thrusting became more urgent. We were both covered in a sheen of sweat and breathing hard when she said, "Oh, now! Please now!"
I crushed her mouth to mine again and began frantically driving my cock into her. Suddenly, she was sobbing into my mouth as she continued to kiss me with a hunger. I could feel her cunt muscles clamp down on my cock, and a second later I rammed into her as hard as I could and said, "Oh yes! Now!" as my cum rocketed into her warm, tight pussy.
We were frozen like a statue for what seemed like an eternity before we fell in a heap on the bed. We continued to kiss, and I ran my hands over her body and through her hair until she laid her head on my chest with a contented sigh.
I heard Kate say, "Wow," and I looked towards the door. All four of them were standing there with awestruck looks on their faces. As I turned to them, Clarice gave me one of her beatific smiles and mouthed, "I love you."
Suzanne became aware of our audience about then. She turned towards me, raising herself up on one elbow, and said, "Thank you. That was wonderful. If that's the way you atone for your sins, please have impure thoughts about me all the time." Then she kissed me once more and slid out of bed.
She pointed to the alarm clock on the nightstand and said, "It's after eight o'clock and we haven't eaten. Who's up for takeout?"
Tim volunteered to run for food, and we reached a consensus on Chinese. As Tim dressed and left, the rest of us adjourned to the family room.
Kate said she would have to leave soon. Her husband was expecting her home. Clarice asked her, "So you have an open marriage?"
Kate laughed and said, "You could call it that."
Suzanne said, "This was a good first step for you."
Clarice and I obviously looked puzzled, because Kate started explaining, "I found out my husband was fucking around behind my back. Actually, I caught him twice in our bed. The first time, he said it was just a fling, he apologized, and he begged me to give him a second chance."
"The second time, he said, 'Hey, she was hot and willing. What's a guy to do.' The girl was an eighteen-year-old high school intern who was working in his office. She was riding him cowgirl style with his cock up her ass so she wouldn't get pregnant."
"I kicked him out. When word got around, several acquaintances let me know that there had been a lot more than just the two. I confronted him, and he admitted it was true. He said he needed more variety than I could give him, so I'd better learn to deal with it."
"If he'd approached me about wanting another woman, I probably would have been freaked at first, but I think I would have been open to the idea. I was mostly mad because he went behind my back."
"I looked into divorcing him. The lawyer said that infidelity is grounds for divorce, but because we're a no-fault state, it wouldn't make any difference in the settlement. She suggested a legal separation, but he wouldn't agree to it because money would have been too tight. He also said he wouldn't agree to a divorce until the kids are out of school, which won't be for two more years."
"By then he'd stopped sleeping with me altogether. He either sleeps in the guestroom, or with his latest slut. At least he isn't bringing them home any more as far as I've been able to tell."
"The lawyer said, 'If I we're you, I would find a lover and wait him out.' That was two weeks ago. Since then, Suzanne and Allison have been coaching me on how to get back in the game."
Just then, Tim returned with the food. Suzanne brought out paper plates, napkins and forks and we all helped ourselves to the food. Suzanne intentionally spilled some sweet and sour sauce on her tit while she was standing next to me. Before I could lick it off, Clarice stepped in front of me. As she licked it up and swirled her tongue around her nipple, I saw a gleam appear in Suzanne's eye.
As we settled down to eat, Allison said, "I'm not really much help with dating advice. I'm having enough trouble finding a guy myself."
Kate explained, "Allison recently broke up with a guy she'd been dating for two years."
Allison said, "Are you going to tell them that he was only my third boyfriend, and the second guy I slept with."
Suzanne said, "Allison was brought up in a very strict, conservative religion. Her parents were strong believers and they imposed strict rules on Allison. She wasn't allowed to date until she was eighteen, and then she had to be out with a group or have a chaperone."
Allison said, "I can tell my own story if I want people to know."
We sat quietly for a minute. Suzanne started to apologize, but Allison cut her off, "No, that's okay. It's not anything I'm ashamed of."
"My first boyfriend was a member of our church who my parents approved of. We dated my senior year in high school and most of the way through college. I liked him a lot, and he was incredibly sweet, but there was never a real spark. When we were coming up on graduation, we found jobs on opposite ends of the country, so we just broke it off."
"I didn't have another steady boyfriend until a couple of years later. He was another church member, and I thought I loved him. After we'd been dating for almost two years, we started making plans to marry. We had talked about sex, and he said he was saving himself for the wedding night just like I was. About a month before the wedding, I found out that not only wasn't he a virgin, but he was hooking up with girls he met online almost every week."
"I broke off the engagement, and a few weeks later I met a real bad boy who was the total opposite of my loser fiancé. We dated a couple of times, and I ended up sleeping with him. After that, he stopped calling and didn't return my messages."
"I swore off dating for a long time until I met my last boyfriend. He was very patient and understanding at first. We talked about whether I wanted to have sex again before marriage, and for a long time I didn't, but we had some make out sessions that left me with sopping panties. I would leave a date with him and masturbate for hours when I got home."
"Eventually we moved on to mutual masturbation, then oral sex, then the real thing. I was happy with him, and comfortable with my new sex life."
"Then he started trying to push me further. Anal sex, watersports, threesomes, bondage: he kept coming up with kinky requests, and I kept shooting them down. Finally, he gave me an ultimatum: either we have a threesome with another girl, or he was through with me."
"I did it, but the girl was a slut who talked dirty and suggested a lot of the nasty things I'd rejected before. I just wanted to make love. I felt terrible after that night, so I dumped the guy."
Clarice asked, "So did the group sex make you uncomfortable?"
"A little at first, but Ian made it look like he cared about each person, so it wasn't dirty or impersonal. My ex-boyfriend used to make me watch group sex porn videos, and the people always looked like they were just machines."
"Why did you stay in the first place when Suzanne told you what was going to happen?"
"I trust Suzanne, and I trust Kate. Plus, we've been telling Kate she needs to face her fears. I figured I would come across as a hypocrite if I bailed because I had to face something that makes me uncomfortable."
"You're the only one who Ian hasn't serviced. Does that mean you want to take your turn."
Allison blushed and said, "Yes, but I don't think I could do it in front of everyone."
We'd long since finished eating and had just been relaxing. While we talked, Kate glanced at a clock and saw that it was after eleven. She stood up then and started collecting her clothes, saying, "It's getting late, and I need to leave so I don't have a fight with my husband. Thanks for a great evening."
With that, she dressed quickly, gave each of us a kiss, and left.
Suzanne started clearing the food and plates. She said, "Allison, if it's okay with Ian and Clarice, you and Ian can have your turn in the guest room. Tim, Clarice and I can sleep together in our bed."
I looked questioningly at Clarice, and she smiled and nodded. Then she said, "That will be great. Thank you for inviting us."
Tim looked excited by that idea, and Allison gratefully accepted.
Clarice gave me a kiss and left with Suzanne and Tim. Allison and I went to the guest room and made love until the early hours of the morning.
In the small house, we could hear the sounds coming from the master bedroom. We heard Tim's voice and the sound of hard fucking until about two o'clock. After that, we could still hear the sounds of women in the throes of passion for at least another hour.
Allison and I made love a couple of times, and we took turns orally pleasuring each other. The first time we made love, she was nervous, so I started by running my hands over her body and massaging her legs and arms. I gradually moved to caressing her tits and inner thighs as she relaxed under my touch.
She tensed when I put my mouth on her nipple, but after some gentle sucking and nibbling she was holding my head in place. She said one of the things she didn't like about her last boyfriend was that he was into rough tit play. He was always biting her to the point where he'd leave marks.
When I started kissing my way down to her pussy, she tried to stop me saying, "I'm not smooth and pretty down there like Clarice."
I answered, "One of the reasons I want to eat your pussy is because it's not like Clarice's. It's beautiful in its own way."
She looked like she was going to cry. Breathing deeply as I moved my face between her thighs, I said, "Your cunt looks and smells beautiful. My mouth is watering to taste it."
As I ran my tongue up her slit, she did start crying. With the powerful emotions she seemed to be feeling, she came on my face within a minute. She had three more orgasms before she pulled me up and kissed me, saying, "I've never had more than one orgasm with a guy before."
As we kissed, I pressed my cock against her slit. After just a few seconds she broke the kiss and nodded as she glanced at where we were rubbing together.
I pressed into her gently. She bit her lip and moaned as I slowly sank my length into her. When I was all the way in, she said, "Please don't talk dirty."
As I started slowly moving in and out, I wondered what kind of jerk her last boyfriend had been.
As we made love, I was looking at her face and her body moving under me. She seemed self-conscious about it, so I told her how beautiful she looked and how much pleasure she was giving me. She looked like she was going to cry again, so I leaned down and kissed her.
We both lasted a long time. Allison came twice before I reached my climax. Before her first orgasm, she laid on the bed with her legs spread, gently meeting my thrusts. After she came, Allison wrapped her legs around me and began driving her hips to meet me. She had her second orgasm within seconds and mine followed almost immediately.
I laid on top of her for a while, and we spent the time just holding and caressing each other with my cock still in her cunt.
I never went completely soft, and after a little while I felt her gently rolling her hips like she wanted more. I kissed her and said, "I'd really like to make love to you again, but I'm going to need some help. Do you think you could suck me until I'm hard?
Her expression was eager and apprehensive at the same time, like a little girl about to ride her bike without training wheels for the first time. I rolled on my back and she positioned herself between my legs. She glanced up at me and tentatively took my cock in her hand, slowly stroking it.
She stared at her hand moving on my cock for a minute before she leaned down and hesitantly took just the head into her mouth. As she did, I saw she was looking at me with a nervous expression on her face. Then she forced her mouth down onto my cock until she made herself gag.
That got me sitting up fast. I quickly pulled her off my cock and said, "Easy. Just do what's comfortable for you."
Allison said, "My boyfriend said that a blowjob was no good if you can't get the whole thing in."
"It sounds like your boyfriend's an asshole. We're both supposed to enjoy this. I know I wouldn't enjoy gagging on some guy's cock, and hearing you gag kills the fun for me."
I stroked her hair for a minute as she studied my face again. Then I said, "Do you want to try this again?"
"Yes. I really want to do this for you. I want to make you feel great, like you did for me."
"Do what feels comfortable for you and I'm sure it will feel great to me."
She lowered her mouth onto my cock again as I continued to stroke her hair and face. Her mouth was very wet and very hot, and she had a way of slowly stroking her tongue all around my cock that sent tingles all the way to my balls and ass.
If she had continued to suck me, I probably would have had one of the most mind-blowing orgasms, but I wanted this to be about Allison. I pulled her up to me and kissed her as I told her, "Your boyfriend was an idiot. If you sucked his cock like that and he didn't kiss your feet in gratitude, he should never be allowed to get another blow job."
"You liked it? I wanted to finish you."
"Maybe another time, but I thought you wanted to make love again."
"That would be nice."
"Do you want to do it slow again, or do you want to just fuck hard?"
She hesitated for just a second before shyly saying, "Fuck me hard."
Laughing, I threw her off me and slapped her ass lightly as I said, "Wanton slut. Get that ass in the air."
Allison smiled and blushed as she quickly got on all fours and turned to look at me over her shoulder.
I positioned myself behind her and ran my cock through her slit. I could feel that she was dripping wet, so I put my cock head into her opening and pulled her quickly back onto my shaft, causing her to arch her back, tossing her head as she did.
I heard her mutter, "Oh yeah," as she wiggled her pussy around my shaft. Then she turned to look back over her shoulder again with a look of expectation on her face.
Holding her hips tightly, I began snapping my hips and yanking her onto my cock. Each time her ass hit my thighs, there was a loud slap. I could hear her grunt each time I bottomed out in her wet hole, and she was pushing back hard.
I was near the edge from the awesome blow job Allison gave me. I tried to hold off as long as I could, but I let out a loud groan as Allison was begging me to fuck her harder and telling me she was close. She let out a cry of frustration as I pounded into her one more time and then held her tightly on my cock.
When my orgasm subsided, my well used cock went soft almost immediately. Allison looked like she was about to cry in frustration when I slid under her thighs and told her, "Sit on my face."
She looked amazed as she sat up and started to lower her cunt onto my mouth. A large blob of cum dripped into my mouth and I showed it to her on my tongue before I swallowed it. I yanked her down onto my mouth and began hungrily licking and sucking to get all of the cum I could find.
Allison's face became even more flushed, and her nipples looked painfully hard. As I closed my lips around her clit, I reached up and rolled her nipples between my fingers. She stiffened instantly, and the contractions in her pussy sent another flood of cum into my mouth.
Allison had one long, continuous cum before she collapsed on her side. I tucked her under the covers and settled in with her head on my shoulder as I caressed her body with my free hand.
After that we talked for a while, then just lay together listening to each other breath. We finally drifted off to sleep lying face to face in a tangle of arms and legs.
I was having a dream about a beautiful woman kissing and caressing my body. I felt her hair brush my chest and my legs as she explored all of me. She nudged me onto my back, and I felt her mouth engulf my cock. As I was getting hard, I realized it wasn't a dream. I woke up and looked down with sleepy eyes to see Allison looking back at me as she happily suckled on my cock.
Releasing my cock, she said, "Hi sleepy head."
"What time is it?"
"Almost noon. The folks in the other room woke me."
"Woke you?"
"Actually, the sound of their bed rocking woke me. Then I heard a woman grunting, and the sound of hips slapping together. Then I heard Clarice say, 'I want to eat your pussy while Tim fucks my ass.' Then more fucking and the sound of slurping, and then it sounded like all three of them came. Can Clarice really cum from getting her ass fucked?"
"She likes having her ass fucked at least as much as her pussy."
Allison was slowly jerking my cock as we talked. Looking down at it, she said, "Well, I never had a good experience having my ass fucked. Maybe you two can show me the right way sometime. For now, I'd like this in my pussy if it's okay with you."
"What the lady wants, the lady gets."
Before I could move, Allison mounted my cock and started riding me. She alternated hard fucking with slow grinding, bringing me near the edge and holding me there for what seemed like an eternity. Finally, she shouted, "Oh, yeah, now, oh now!" as she pounded her pussy onto my cock. We came almost simultaneously, then she gave me a kiss and jumped out of bed.
I followed her and knelt in front of her saying, "A good guest shouldn't leave a cum trail," as licked the cum out of her pussy.
She said, "You really like doing that?"
"Yep. Not sure why, but most of the women I've done it to think it's hot."
"Add my vote in the hot column."
We kissed and then followed the sounds of voices to the kitchen. The other three were there, also still naked, fixing brunch. We joined in the preparations as Suzanne commented, "It wouldn't be a good idea to sneak a quickie with Allison. You'd get caught for sure," causing Allison to blush.
The conversation was great as we cooked, ate and cleaned up. When we were done, Suzanne said, "We'll have to take turns with showers. The hot water heater won't keep up with all of us."
I said, "We need to take off so we can get some things done. We'll shower when we get home."
Clarice looked at me as what I had just said sank in. She said, "You wouldn't!"
"What's good for the goose ...."
The others looked confused, so Clarice explained what she'd done to me the day before. She finished by saying, "We're taking turns being the slave. Today is my day."
Everyone laughed.
As we were leaving, we gave everyone hugs. When I went to hug Suzanne, she whispered in my ear, "Thank you for being so good with Allison."
I whispered back, "She's a sweet and beautiful woman. What else would I do? She should be glad to have a friend like you."
Suzanne handed Clarice a piece of paper. She said, "Here's all our numbers. Kate said to give you hers too. Please stay in touch."