David's apartment was in a hi-rise overlooking the city framed by mountains in the background. The small one bedroom with a view allowed him to see the mountains in the distance and watch spectacular sunrises with his telescope which he kept ready for use in the picture window. A sandy haired trim man in his thirties, David had struck out on more dates than he cared to think about. In lieu of love, he used his telescope to take him to places that were beyond his reach. His escapism found him not only looking at horizons, but into people's windows watching the lives of others instead of living his own. Across the street and to the right, an older man with grey white hair sat and played his piano night after night. A middle aged woman just above him, sat and watched television until the wee hours of the morning and the couple to the left argued over dinner consistently slamming plates and breaking glasses in their fits of anger. It was the same scenarios night after night until it almost became predictable. Even more predictable was David. He came home, ate dinner, showered, put on his pajamas and robe then spent the evening staring through his telescope looking at other people's lives, but that was about to change.
One evening as usual, the man of ritual ate, showered, dressed in his night clothes and began his nightly perusal of open windows. The sun had set and the viewing was particularly clear. He scanned the apartment building on the other side of the street and found his gaze turning directly across from his own apartment. There a young couple were embracing and kissing. David watched as the young man undressed the woman slowly taking each garment off with pleasure. David let out a small groan as the man slipped the woman's bra off exposing her soft white breasts and large pink nipples that bobbed when the halter was removed. The man's hand slid over the mounds and squeezed while David's cock began to swell. The man across the way pulled down the woman's pants exposing a black tight G-string panty that was barely there. He flicked his finger under the string on her hip and it released so that he could pull the thin piece of lace and fabric through her legs and tossed it to the side. She stood naked in front of him with her succulent breasts and a mound of tempting curls that hid her wet slit. David reached inside his pajama bottoms and stroked his cock gently allowing his fingers to fondle his member imagining what it would be like to run his fingers through those soft curls.
Instinctively he pulled the drapes shut allowing just enough room for the lens of his telescope to peer through. The couple across the street didn't notice as the man removed his shirt and pants and showed a thick full cock to the woman who immediately began stroking it with her hand as he kissed her. David pulled his cock from his pants and fondled his balls in response and he smiled as they began to fill with cum. The woman got down on her knees and began to take the man's cock in her mouth inhaling its length deep into her throat. She began with slow strokes at first then faster and quicker sucking him down while he bucked in her mouth with his hands on her head guiding her. David began to stroke his cock feeling the length tighten. He grunted as he watched her suck the man's cock and pulled at his own in response. The man pulled out of the woman's mouth and she rose to her feet where he turned her around so that she was kneeling on the bed and he was directly behind her. With her ass aligned with his cock, he slid into her hot wet pussy and began to stroke feeling the moist flesh swell around him. David leaned forward to stroke his own cock faster and harder as he glared into the telescope. His grip around his member tightening so much that the veins protruded as he rubbed his palm against it.
"Do it! Do it!" he growled as he pumped his cock and squeezed his balls with his other hand.
The man slammed his cock into the woman's pussy. Her ass jiggling with every thrust. He slapped her ass cheek and she raised her head back in orgasmic pleasure. He pounded inside of her and leaned back to gain as high an entrance as possible before he grit his teeth, squeezed his ass cheeks together and blew a load of cum into her swollen pussy. He threw his head back and yelled as the hot stream exploded in her honey hole and dripped down her leg. David stroked faster. His breathing became labored. His face reddened until he blew his own load into his hand with stream after stream of cum filling the palm of it. When done he shook his cock for the last dribbles then brought his hand up to his mouth and tasted it before leaving the telescope viewing and headed for the bathroom to clean up. To his dismay when he returned to his telescope viewing, the lights were out across the street and David closed the drapes completely and went to bed.
The next day he went to work and tried not to think about what he saw the night before, but everything he attempted to distract himself didn't work and he kept coming back to the telescope and the couple across the street. He told himself he wouldn't spy on them again. Promised himself that he wouldn't be like those creeps who hid in trees to watch girls undress or peek in the showers of college sorority houses. He wasn't like that. Yet, when he got home he ate, showered, and returned to the telescope and waited. This time he wore only a robe and his cock twitched at the thought of seeing the couple again. He wasn't disappointed. As if like clockwork the couple appeared and they began kiss and undress each other once again. David stroked his cock slowly imagining how her lips would taste if he were kissing her. The man fondled the woman's breasts and in David mind he could feel the softness of her skin against his. His precum started to drip as the man leaned the woman on her back on the bed and kneeled down to lick her pussy. His tongue flicked over her clit as his fingers probed her inserting one finger then two as her hips gyrated in excitement at the intrusion. David licked his own lips as his cock bobbed wanting his attention and he obliged by grabbing it and pulling at it and slapping it until it was solid as an oak. He growled with pleasure as he watched the woman ground herself on the man's tongue until she exploded splashing her juices over his face and down his chin. David pulled and yanked his cock. He squeezed his balls and grunted as his cum filled and began to rise up his shaft.
The man wiped his face of the woman's cum juice with the back of his hand before pulling her forward with her legs on his shoulders. He grabbed his cock, stroked it a few times then slid it into her cum soaked pussy. David pumped his cock in his hand keeping rhythm with the man's stroke. Harder, faster, the man pumped and so did David until the man exploded inside her while David shot his cum onto the carpet without care. He watched with orgasmic delight as his own cum spilled from him. Moments later when he went to the bathroom to clean up and return, again the lights in the apartment were out and he was left to clean the carpet and go to bed.
Night after night, David would go home, eat, and shower. Now he didn't bother to wear a robe, but stood naked playing with himself waiting for the show to start. One night he waited and waited and still no lights came on in the apartment across the street. Eventually it became too late and he finally closed the drapes in disappointment. Still aroused he headed towards his bedroom to finish the job before going to bed when his phone rang.
"Hello," he said in a disappointed voice.
A man's voice spoke to him
"Instead of watching next time. Why don't you come over and join the fun."
"You saw me and know who I am," David said in shock.
"It was easy to find out. We just asked your super of the building," the man chuckled.
"We performed just for you," came a woman's voice. "It's very exciting to be watched."
"Thank you," said David nervously.
"If you don't want to come over at least keep the drapes open so we can see you," the man stated.
David was red faced, "Ok. Maybe."
"Seriously we gave you plenty of reasons to cum. At the very least you can do is give us one," the man said.
"I..I...I'll think about it," David said and hung up the phone.
David stayed away from the window for several days. He was embarrassed yet excited, intrigued by someone watching him, but afraid as the same time. Finally he couldn't stand it any longer and one night he went home, ate, showered and stood in front of the window. Taking a deep breath he pulled the drapes wide open. Across the street the couple were sitting on the bed already mutually masturbating. He stroked his cock and she fingered her pussy as if waiting for a movie to begin. David obliged and showed them his cock and stroked it until it was fully erect then looked through the telescope to see the man jerk his cock and give him a thumb's up while the woman beside him did the same. Encouraged David stood sideways to show the length of his throbbing rod to his audience. He rubbed his ass cheek with his hand as he began to stroke his member as the thrill of being watched took over. David stroked in front of the couple pulling and tugging at his cock. He pinched and pulled at his nipples. He leaned back as he stroked his balls feeling them tightened and fill. The couple across the street watched with intensity as David paraded in front of the window stroking his cock and showing his ass to the couple. The man stroked his cock faster and reached with his free hand over to the woman and fingered her pussy then brought the drenched fingers to his mouth where he sucked them clean.
David could feel his cock fill. It wouldn't be long before he came and wanted it to be spectacular. He turned sideways again so that the length of his shaft was in full view and gave three quick strokes before he shot his load as high and as far as it would go. Hot cream spewed from the head of his rod and splashed on the floor. He held his cock tight while it spurt again and again until there was only dribble left before letting it go flaccid. Across the street, the man jerked his cock to its own orgasmic expulsion while the woman knelt before him. His cum spewed on her face. Load after load covered her and when done he rubbed his cum on her face with his cock spreading it over her cheeks and chin. Exhilarated and drained from the experience, David turned away and closed the drapes. A minute later the phone rang and he picked it up.
"That was great," came the voice.
"Glad you like it," David chuckled.
"Same time tomorrow night?" the man asked.
David's cock jumped. "You got it."