Sitting at a table in the center of the crowded ballroom, Kymberly felt she was under a spotlight. It wasn't just the shortness of the red sheath dress she wore that made her feel that way, nor was it that several hours earlier dozens of the people around her had gotten more than an eyeful of Kymberly's athletic, long-legged, busty figure in a skimpy gym outfit in the lobby.
What made Kymberly feel she was under the hot glare of the spotlight was the fact that, under the little dress, which hit her legs mid-thigh when she was standing and showed even more when she was sitting, she wasn't wearing any panties. Her husband Robert had told her not to.
A few days before the convention Kymberly had visited her favorite salon, and she had had every last spec of hair removed by wax. Now, hidden by mere inches of red fabric stretched tightly over her firm thighs, her pussy lay bare and, after her completion of Robert's latest challenges an hour earlier, noticeably moist.
To minimize the risk of exposure, Kymberly sat with her legs under her table, to which she had been assigned with seven other guests. She tried to talk to the person sitting next to her over the din of 600 voices. Most of the other guests sat at their assigned tables, waiting for the first speech of the convention to start, but a few stragglers walked here and there or gathered in small clusters making small talk.
Kymberly had recovered quickly from her nerve-wracking experience in the small ballroom an hour earlier. Her rival pharmaceutical representative, Kristin, almost had discovered Kymberly crouching naked behind the make-shift bar. Kymberly had left the small ballroom with her legs shaking, but they were steadier now. Time had done its part to calm her nerves; a couple of scotch and sodas had done the rest.
Now she sat with her companions at a table waiting for the opening speech to begin. She lucked out with the seating assignments; Samuel Lee, whose business she was trying to solicit, had been assigned to the same table and sat across from her. A few people who worked at his clinics sat with him. To Kymberly's left was a tall, dour, older woman named Gail who worked for the Food and Drug Administration. To her right sat a man about her age, with a small, pinched, nervous face, who worked for Samuel's company.
Gail, the woman to Kymberly's left, complained in a monotone voice about the hotel and told Kymberly that she had been stuck in the elevator for five minutes earlier in the afternoon. It was all Kymberly could do to respond with an occasional, "Really? I'm so sorry to hear that!" She wanted to engage Samuel, but he was on the other side of the table, and he was busy talking to a young blonde woman next to him.
The clock on Kymberly's phone showed that the convention officially would begin in ten minutes. The association direction would kick things off with a short speech. Dinner would follow, and then this evening and over the next day more speeches, meetings, meals, and workshops would follow. Awards would be given out and pious statements about the vital place of pharmaceutical drugs in modern society would be made and broadly assented to by everyone in attendance. But to Kymberly, the official program was just a stage set for the real show, which was sales. Kymberly didn't need to fly hundreds of miles for the weekend to learn about new developments about pharmaceuticals; she could do that in a few hours on the Internet at home. The point to being here was to meet people and convince them to buy what she was selling. Kymberly had been doing that for a long time, and she was good at it.
Kymberly hadn't received any texts from Robert, lately. She was glad to get a break from his games, but the longer he waited to contact her the more she worried about what he would ask her to do, and when.
"Kymberly!" Samuel called to her across the table. "We missed you when you left us on the patio. I trust your family is well?"
"Yes, thank you for asking!" she said. She carried on a conversation with him as well as she could, half-shouting across the table so she could be heard over the noise. She asked questions about him, throwing in a few about his business and plans to open more clinics, and what treatments they offered.
As Kymberly talked with Samuel she saw Kristin, at a table near hers. A much older man with a large mouth was talking to Kristin, but Kristin was staring at Kymberly, her eyes still and wide and dark like a cat's. Kymberly looked away from Kristin, unnerved by her stare, and concentrated on Samuel.
She believed she was making headway when her phone, which lay on the table in front of her, pinged again. Kymberly had switched the phone out of its mute mode so she could hear Robert texting her over the din of the ballroom crowd. It was Robert texting, of course.
"What are you doing now?"
Kymberly didn't want to be rude to Samuel -- already, two hours earlier, on the patio, she had pulled away from a conversation with him because of one of Robert's texts. But knowing Robert, he would be impatient and insistent, and he would leave her no choice but to respond if she wanted to keep up with his game. She did want to, so she would have to find a way of responding without being rude.
A man sitting next to Samuel interjected himself into their conversation, and Samuel turned to reply to him, giving Kymberly her chance to text Robert back.
"I'm at table talking with med clinic owner. Speech to start in 10 minutes."
"You don't have much time, then," he texted. "Excuse yourself and go to bathroom. Take purse and phone."
Robert, Robert, she thought. You are making my job so much harder. But she would do it. With only ten minutes to go before speeches started, she would have no choice.
"Samuel, if you will excuse me for a moment," she said. He nodded at her across the table with a polite smile.
She hurried to the bathroom. Other women seemed to have the same idea; all the stalls were occupied. Kymberly paced nervously outside them until one opened. She rushed in and closed it behind her; then she pulled her phone out.
"What now, Robert?" she texted him.
"You're not getting cheeky, are you? Does my exhibitionist need disciplining when she gets back?"
Kymberly was impatient. "I have no time for text chat," she wrote. "Speech to start soon. What now?"
"Open your purse and take out what's inside."
She did so, and pulled out the small package wrapped in black paper. She tore it open.
It was a vibrator. Kymberly had plenty of experience with vibrators, but she hadn't seen one like this before. It was purple -- Robert and his purple fetish, she thought -- and encased in a soft, almost skin-like material. It was vaguely U-shaped, with the ends wider and more bulbous than the middle.
"You must put it inside you," Robert texted.
"Now? You want me to wear this during dinner? I'm not going to turn on the vibrator during the presentation," she replied.
"You won't have to," he texted. "I will. It's on remote control and I already have synced it with your phone."
Kymberly was amazed at that. "How?"
"I did it when you weren't using it. The vibrator will work if your phone is on and isn't too far away from you. Now put it in so I can test it."
Kymberly didn't know what bothered her more -- that Robert wanted her to wear a vibrator during a dinner surrounded by hundreds of colleagues and customers, or that he had used her phone without her knowing it to set up the vibrator. When she got home she would have to talk to him about his boundaries.
But there was no time to talk to him now. The clock was ticking and the opening speech was about to begin, and she didn't want to walk halfway through the grand ballroom to return to her table while everyone else was seated. She would have to decide what to do now.
"What do I do with this?"
"Insert one end inside you. The other end will rest against your clit."
This was crazy, she thought. The pharmaceutical convention was about to begin and hundreds of her colleagues were sitting down for dinner waiting to hear speeches, and yet here she was, standing over a toilet in a bathroom stall, preparing to put a vibrator in her pussy.
The toilet had no seat for her to sit on. She had to lean against a side of the stall and pull her short red dress up and hold her legs apart. She held the vibrator down and close to the opening of her vulva. The mechanics of the thing didn't look too difficult -- it was clear to her from this angle where and how things were to go.
Kymberly pressed one end of the vibrator into her. She was still wet from before, and it slipped into her easily. She could feel the bulbous end inside her settle against the sensitive flesh of her G-spot. The part that was still visible slipped directly over her clitoris. She took her hand away, and it remained in place, clamping gently but snugly against her sex.
It looked and felt like a snug, firm fit, but Kymberly wondered at once whether, without any panties to help hold the vibrator against her, it might slip out of her as she walked. If that happened in the crowded ballroom, it would be a disaster. She would never be able to face anybody that saw her again. But she thought the risk was small. It fit well, and years of Kegel exercises had given her strong muscles down there that she could use to help hold it in.
"OK, it's in," she texted.
"I'm going to test it before you go back," he texted. "I will start on a low setting. Here goes."
Kymberly waited. Nothing happened for a few seconds, and the wait unnerved her. Then she felt it.
The device vibrated against her G-spot and clit at the same time. The tingling was mild, but her body already was in a high state of arousal from the events earlier in the day. At the first sensation, her body shook involuntarily and a wash of pure pleasure swept over her. Her legs twitched slightly before she recovered herself. Her body continued to shiver after the vibrator stopped quivering.
It was quiet, at least. Kymberly heard barely a whisper of noise when it went off. But if that was a mild setting, she didn't know how she would handle a stronger setting. She didn't know if she could stop her body from shaking, especially under the gaze of hundreds of people around her.
"How was that?" he texted.
"It felt good," she texted, "but I don't know if I can handle it at dinner."
"Yes, you can."
There was no use arguing with Robert. He would insist, and she must either choose to go along or quit. And she couldn't quit. Not at this point.
"OK," she texted, "but please don't set it too high."
"I won't do anything you can't handle," he texted.
That was no comfort, thought Kymberly. But it probably was the biggest concession she could wring out of him.
"I have to get back to my table."
"Go ahead."
She smoothed the hem of the short dress back into place over her hips and thighs and fetched her purse. She stood straight up with her legs apart, steadying herself and testing the feel of the vibrator inside her to ensure it was staying in place. It seemed to be. She hoped it would continue to stay where it was.
She left the bathroom and returned to her table. As she walked she couldn't stop thinking about the vibrator inside her. It seemed to be clamped snugly in place, although she could feel it move a little as she walked. She was extremely wet inside, and the vibrator, though clamped onto her, moved around against her wetness. Her body was filled with nervous tension as she wondered when Robert was going to set it off again.
If I can just make it to my table without Robert setting it off or without it falling to the floor, I'll be thankful, she thought.
She took her chair just as the lead speaker was taking the stage.
Kymberly's chair was to the back of the speaker, so to see him she had to turn her chair sideways to the table, and then turn halfway in her chair toward the stage. But that meant that her legs, which were exposed at mid-thigh in the short red dress, weren't safely under the table. She would have to be very careful to keep them closed together to avoid giving anyone a peek under the dress.
She looked up and scanned the crowd around her and noticed that Blaine was seated at a table not far away, and he was looking at her. Kymberly was sure he was staring at her exposed knees, hoping to see something.
I'm going to have to be careful to make sure he doesn't, she thought.
Kymberly thought about what a crazy day it had been. A little more than an hour ago she had pulled her skirt up and exposed herself to three golfers, and then after that sat naked in a room fewer than 200 feet from where she was sitting. Now she was doing everything she could to avoid exposure while at the same time her pussy was uncovered and stuffed full of the vibrator, which could go off at any second at her husband's whim.
The first speaker was on the stage making introductory remarks and making a half-hearted effort to tell a few bad jokes. The crowd had drunk enough liquor up to that point to applaud the jokes even though they were bad.
Kymberly knew that the crowd's attention was focused on the speaker on stage, not on her. But, even so, she felt vulnerable. In her short dress and exposed legs, pressed tightly together, and her heart still beating faster than normal, Kymberly felt -- accurately or not -- the weight of eyes on her. She glanced at times away from the speaker toward people sitting at the tables around her. More than once, she could have sworn she saw their glances averted when she looked their way. She was sure that many of the people around her remembered her as the woman walking around the hotel lobby in the skimpy gym outfit. Now she was the woman in the skimpy red dress. Kymberly wondered if that's what people thought of her: as the woman who liked to wear skimpy clothes so her colleagues noticed her.
She had no time to finish the thought, because, without warning, Robert sent a signal to the vibrator inside her.
Bzzzzzzt.
The vibrator was quiet, but not quite silent, and the sound it made seemed to conduct through her body to her ears. Kymberly heard as well as felt it. She hoped it didn't sound as loud to the people around her as it sounded to her.
More noticeable than the sound was the feeling: the swell and pressure of the vibrator as it buzzed and moved on and inside her.
The vibration was only slightly stronger than it had been when Robert tested it in the bathroom stall. But in the cavernous ballroom, with people surrounding her, and with the knowledge that the vibrator lay inches away from the hem of her dress, and with the possibility of exposure to dozens of colleagues and potential customers all around her, the impact of the vibration was twice what it had been before.
The sudden charge against her clitoris instinctively made her want to pull back in her seat. She wanted to part her legs, to relieve her thighs of the vibrator's pressure. She had to fight to keep them closed. She also had to choke off a squeal of pleasure welling up in her chest. She caught it in her throat but not before a high-pitched, barely audible "tweet" escaped her lips, which she did everything she could to keep pressed together. Her body shifted in her seat involuntarily.
Ping. She held her phone in her lap and looked at Robert's test, cupping her hand around the phone to screen the message from prying eyes.
"That was a low setting, darling. They will get stronger."
A low setting. Crap, she thought. It didn't feel low. She didn't think she could take a higher setting in a public ballroom, surrounded by people. Kymberly didn't want to text Robert in the middle of the speech with people all around her. It would be rude, and she would draw attention to herself. But Robert's control over the device inside her forced her to do so.
"This is a bad time for this. Let's wait until later in the evening. Having trouble controlling response."
He responded right away.
"It can't wait. This is part of the game. I will push, and you will have to control your response. You can do it, but it won't be easy. You will enjoy the challenge."
Kymberly wasn't sure about that, but she was sure that Robert wasn't going to stop. She could get up and go to the bathroom and take it out, but if she did so everyone would notice her and wonder why she was going to the bathroom right after she'd just come back from it. And Robert might set it off while she was walking there; she wasn't sure she could stand up straight if it buzzed while she was walking.
But more important, she didn't want to quit.
Robert was testing her, and this challenge, she knew, would be even more difficult than the last one. She was in a room full of people who knew who she was -- people who worked with her, people who competed against her, people whose business she wanted. Robert would push to the edge her ability to remain discreet and to avoid calling attention to herself. She could tell that if he kept pushing up the vibration level it would take everything she had to control her response.
Why did she want to do it? She wondered. It wasn't that she was submissive. Far from it. While Robert certainly was a dominant, Kymberly was far from a normal submissive. She was strong-willed, competitive, and stubborn. She was intelligent, too, and while she didn't make as much money as Robert she felt confident she was as good at what she did as he was at what he did.
Robert knew Kymberly wasn't docile, and she knew it was part of what he loved about her. He liked that she was a challenge, and he wanted to challenge her. And that's how Kymberly took compliance with his games -- not as submission to his will, but as acceptance of a challenge. She wanted to beat him as much as to submit to him. He might get her to comply -- he probably would, she thought -- but he wouldn't wholly tame her. Kymberly Marsh could never be wholly tamed. Not even by her husband Robert.
In that spirit Kymberly, as quietly as she could, thumbed the word "OK" into the phone and texted it to her waiting husband.
The speaker finished to mild applause, and he announced a short break to give people a chance to stretch their legs and mingle before dinner. Kymberly chose not to leave her chair, because she didn't trust her feet to hold her up if Robert set off the vibrator again.
The vibrator. She felt it. She shifted in her seat, hoping that doing so somehow would make her less aware of its grip on the most intimate part of her body.
She scanned the room to distract herself from the sensation and to see if anyone was watching her. No one was, as far as she could tell. That was a relief.
She heard an annoying peal of laughter, and she realized that Kristin had stood up and was standing next to her table. She was trying to carry on a conversation with Samuel, whose bored expression showed he wasn't interested in what Kristin had to say.
"Hello, Kristin!" Kymberly chimed in, trying to feign genuine good cheer.
Kymberly's phone pinged with another incoming message. Kymberly picked it up to read it. She noticed that Kristin looked with keen interest at her phone.
"Your phone seems to be going off a lot," Kristin said. "Sounds like somebody's eager to contact you."
Kymberly tried to read Kristin's face to see what she was getting at. Was it her imagination, or did Kristin mean something by emphasizing her phone going off? Could Kristin recognize the sound of Kymberly's phone as the same sound she heard in the small ballroom an hour earlier? Kymberly didn't think so, but Kristin made her nervous.
Kymberly decided that getting away from Kristin for a few minutes was worth the risk of the vibrator going off again while she was standing. She stood up from the table and walked to the bar. She needed another drink. At the bar, she pointed to the best bottle of scotch she saw and asked for another scotch and soda.
The vibrator was still and, for the time being, firmly in place. Even so, she held her legs closely together to avoid the risk of it falling out. She never stopped being aware of it, nestled into her sex. And for the first time, she felt a tingle of moisture on her thigh. Kymberly knew that in the past, when she had been highly aroused for a long time, things could get rather . . . damp down there. She hoped that wasn't going to happen tonight. There was still a dinner and more speeches to get through, and it would be a lot harder to get through if she couldn't stay dry under her short dress.
"Hello again," a familiar deep voice greeted her, just off her shoulder.
It was Dan Orloff, the VP, again. He held a glass of what looked like scotch, though his was served neat rather than mixed with water. He gestured toward her with his glass.
"Seems we like the same drinks. Good taste."
"Thank you," she replied. She raised her glass to take another sip.
The scotch had barely passed her lips when the vibrator buzzed again.
Bzzzzt.
It buzzed stronger this time; Robert had increased the intensity. Her hand shook and the drink sloshed around in the glass. She had to try hard to keep it from spilling. She kept the glass near her face, hoping it would hide from Dan, just a little, what she knew was a startled look on her face. Her legs clamped tightly together, involuntarily, as though doing so would make the vibrator stop. But it didn't. The vibration didn't last long -- just a couple of seconds -- but it was enough to sweep her whole body with an exquisite but almost intolerable pleasure, and to make her knees buckle slightly.
Dan looked at her with a twinkle of puzzlement in his eye. He looked only at her face, thank goodness, she thought, and didn't look down to see her unsteady knees pressed together.
"You OK?" he asked.
"I'm --." The words didn't come out right away. "I'm -- fine. Just a little scotch down the wrong pipe," she said, faking a hoarse sound in her voice.
She put her hand, the one holding her purse, gently on his shoulder to steady herself and faked a cough.
Her phone pinged again inside her purse.
"Just a moment, Dan," she said. She turned away from him and set her drink on a small table and pulled out the phone, cupping her hand around it to keep anyone from seeing Dan's message.
"Did you like that?" he texted her.
"Bad timing," she texted in reply. "Still recovering."
"I'll give you at least another 15 minutes," he texted back. "The next one could come any time after that."
She put her phone back in the purse and she did her best to muster an expression on her face to show that everything was normal. But Dan was looking at her avidly and curiously, and she doubted whether her effort to look normal was working. Her knees still were weak and it took a lot of effort to keep them steady.
"Everything OK?" Dan asked.
"Fine!" Kymberly replied, trying to regain full control of her wobbly legs. She noticed with worry that Dan looked intently at her, his face a mixture of curiosity and concern and something else, perhaps: amusement? She couldn't tell. She didn't think he could have heard the vibrator go off, but she didn't trust what her senses were telling her. She would have to do her best to maintain her composure, around Dan and around everyone else in the room.
"Maybe we should get back to our seats," she said.
Kymberly noticed a mirror behind the bar and glanced into it to see how she looked. With chagrin, she noticed that her dark hair lay in a thick, unruly mess around her face. It was the result of all the desperate running around trying to complete Robert's challenges two hours earlier. She'd had no time to brush it.
She noticed something else, too. She noticed that because of her intense arousal, the cool ballroom temperature, and the thinness of the material in her dress and her bra, her nipples pricked up prominently under the dress. Unmistakable, dime-sized peaks capped off the mounds of her ample breasts. She was putting on a show, and until that moment she hadn't even known it.
It was one more thing to worry about. Robert had no idea how sorely he was testing her.
She made it back to her table without incident. Kristin was leaving the table to return to her own as Kymberly arrived. She gave Kymberly a quick, perky, but not-entirely-sincere "Hello again, Kymberly!" Her eyes swept over Kymberly's chest and she made a little smirk before turning away.
As Kymberly sat down she looked at her table companions and noticed that a few of them were looking at her -- her face, her chest, she couldn't tell.
Kymberly sat in her chair, tense and aware. Sitting down, she felt even more moisture between her legs than before, and she worried the wetness would stain the back of her dress.
The phone pinged yet again. Another text.
She held the phone up discreetly. She didn't want anyone else to see Robert's texts.
"Where are you?"
"I'm sitting at table," she texted. "Speech about to begin."
"Is it still in you?"
"Yes!"
"Show me."
Oh no, Robert, she thought.
"Not here, not now," she texted.
"Do it or I'll turn it up to highest level."
"You wouldn't!" she texted. "Not here!"
"Yes, I would. Do it. Take a photo and send it to me. You have three minutes. GO."
Three minutes, or he was going to send a vibration into her pussy at the vibrator's highest level. There would be no way for her to control her reaction. She might even orgasm -- here, in front of an entire room of people. She liked playing games, but she couldn't let that happen.
Suddenly, Samuel pulled out the chair next to her and sat down. She had wanted to talk to him, but his timing couldn't be worse.
"Hello, Kymberly," he said, smiling broadly. "I know we're supposed to have assigned seats, but we didn't get a chance to talk much before, and my colleague didn't mind switching seats with me!"
"Ahhh . . . "she began, stammering. "That was nice of her." Kymberly tried desperately to think of a way to get the picture taken with Samuel next to her. She figured she only had a little over two minutes left to beat Robert's deadline.
"Would you like some wine?" a voice next to them asked. The voice was young and male, and she'd heard it before. She looked in the direction of the voice, and it was the porter again, the one who had taken photos of her naked in her room, and who had served her appetizers later, on the patio. He held a bottle of Chardonnay in front of Samuel, but his eyes were on Kymberly.
In a flash, an idea came to Kymberly. It was the only thing she could think of.
"I would love some wine," Kymberly said. "Samuel, would you mind getting your picture taken with me?"
"Of course, I wouldn't mind!" he said.
"Great!" she said. "Excuse me, could you take a photo of us?" She turned to the waiter, who was pouring wine, and she held out the phone to him.
"Sure," the waiter said, trying to be discreet and stifling a huge grin. Kymberly saw his reaction and hoped that Samuel didn't sense anything unusual. She glanced at him. He didn't seem to notice anything. She hoped he'd had enough cocktails to dim his powers of observation. It would help her get away with what she had in mind.
"Samuel," she said, in a hurry to beat Robert's deadline. "Swing your chair out here alongside mine." She directed the three of them so both their chairs would be seated sideways to the table, with Samuel's on the outside. Samuel went along with the arrangement willingly, and as he moved his chair next to hers she noticed his eyes sweeping over her bare seated legs, held firmly together.
"What's your name?" she asked the waiter/porter.
"Tony," he said.
"Tony, could you stand a few feet back and kneel down so you are on our level?" she asked, in the most cheerful and flirty voice she could manage in her current state.
"My, you know how to give directions for a photo! You must be experienced," Samuel said, and he chuckled.
"My husband is very particular about photographs," she said with a thin smile. "He knows exactly what he wants to see in them. I've picked up a thing or two."
Tony knelt with his knee on the floor, so his head was level with Kymberly's chest. That's where she wanted him.
"Smile," he said.
Samuel put an arm over the back of Kymberly's chair, and Kymberly held her hands down in her lap, legs pressed together and fingers right at the hem of the short dress.
Tony took the photo. Before he could move Kymberly called out quickly, "One more!"
Time was running out, she knew, and this would be her only chance. Out of her side vision she could see Samuel was smiling and looking at the phone. Tony was getting ready to take the photo. No one around seemed to be looking at them, and she figured that her lap would be obscured by the table to one side, Samuel to the other, and Tony in front of them.
She parted her legs and pulled the hem of her dress up and lifted her knees slightly off the chair. She hoped it was enough for the vibrator in her pussy to be exposed to the phone camera lens, but not so obvious to attract Samuel's attention.
Obviously, it was enough for the phone camera; she could see it from Tony's expression. His eyes widened and his mouth opened and he looked up from the phone screen directly at her, toward her lap and between her legs. For the second time today, she was showing off her pussy to him. This time, instead of being open and exposed, her pussy was stuffed with a purple vibrator.
He paused, and it seemed to Kymberly that the act of pulling on her short dress and exposing her toy-filled pussy made time stand still. It was agonizing. Tony seemed to be moving in slow motion, and every second she held her dress open in the crowded ballroom she risked everything.
"Go ahead," she said, trying to quell the nervousness in her voice between gritted teeth.
Tony took the photo. She snapped her legs shut and sprang off the chair for her phone.
"Let's see how it turned out!" said Samuel.
"Oh, I'll send you the better one later!" Kymberly replied quickly. She didn't want Samuel to see the photo with her legs spread.
"Thank you, Tony," she said, looking up for just an instant as she started thumbing over the phone screen to text the photo to her husband.
She sent it. Tony grabbed the wine bottle and resumed his duties but gave her one last, longing look first.
"I think dinner's ready!" Samuel said.
It was; the waiters had set the tables and people were starting to eat, with the evening's main speech just moments away.
Kymberly pulled her chair to the table, her legs now under the drape of the white table cloth. She was grateful to be able to minimize her exposure for a little while.
The phone pinged with Robert's reply.
"Wow, baby! Not sure how you pulled that off. You are good at this game."
Damn right, I'm good at this, she thought. But I am going to get back at you, Robert. Somehow.
Kymberly made small talk with Samuel and others at the table. She didn't know when Robert would hit her with another vibration, but she was determined to make as much headway schmoozing before the next assault began. After the schmoozing and eating, the main speech of the night began. The speaker was a young, dynamic CEO of a new company that made a drug that promised to cure a loss of sex drive.
That's something I don't need, Kymberly thought. And, indeed, now, she didn't. The events of the afternoon and evening so far had left her highly aroused, nervous, and damp between her legs.
The speaker had just finished telling a predictable and unfunny joke, which nevertheless was well received by an audience accustomed to funny jokes and getting close to being well sloshed. Kymberly had no time to laugh at his joke, however, because as soon as he finished the vibrator went off inside her.
It was noticeably stronger this time.
Kymberly was glad her legs were under the table, partly covered, because the vibration caused her legs to spasm and buckle involuntarily. Her upper body tensed and shook, too, and it was all she could do to stop herself from crying out.
A hot flush swept her body. Kymberly pressed her legs together tightly and the skin between her legs felt slippery with wetness. Without thinking she looked up from her table and scanned the room again. Most eyes were focused on the stage and the speaker. But she saw Kristin, at her own table, glance briefly at Kymberly, her eyes intense and curious.
She knows something is going on, Kymberly thought. I just hope she doesn't know what.
She broke the stare with Kristin and looked around more. She saw Dan Orloff, at still another table, glance at her, a faint, amused smile under his dark mustache.
The vibration lasted only a few seconds, but her body continued to tremble after it stopped, like aftershocks following an earthquake. Kymberly wanted to draw into herself, to hide from the people around her, and to make the maddening buzz of the vibrator and the risk of exposing herself stop.
But inside her another impulse welled up, fueled by her intense arousal and the growing feeling that an orgasm was coming soon and might be set off by the next vibration. She felt a desire to give in to the vibration -- to fall to the floor and call out and pull her dress up and let everyone see the source of her pleasure and embarrassment. It was what Robert wanted, she thought: to compel her to give in to her exhibitionist desires, to show herself off and let the consequences fall where they might. Her body was tempted, very tempted, to do just that. But her brain, still in control, if just barely, held her body in check. She remained seated at the table, holding herself as still as she could, while the trembling in her body faded and passed.
Robert's text showed up on her phone:
"That was middle strength. The next will be stronger. I will let you know when it's coming so you can prepare yourself."
Kymberly couldn't decide if that was better, or worse. For a time, however, she could relax knowing that it wouldn't go off without a warning.
Kymberly tried to focus on the speech. It was hard to do. Even though she knew that the vibrator wouldn't go off again without a warning, she couldn't stop thinking about it. For one thing, her pussy was wetter and more aroused than ever. It felt like a faucet, and she was sure she was making a soggy mess of the back of her dress and the seat of the chair. She wasn't sure how she would stand up from the table without embarrassing herself. She would have to think about that later.
The speech droned on, until, finally, it finished, and the crowd, well-fed and fortified with booze, clapped loudly. The official convention activities were done for the night.
The phone pinged. Kymberly looked.
"One minute."
Kymberly grabbed the edge of the table. She wasn't sure what to do. Some people were starting to leave their tables, others were lingering and talking. She didn't have time gracefully to exit the ballroom, and she didn't want to be on her feet when the vibrator shook again. She felt it inside her, still clamping on to her but sloshing around in her wetness when she shifted in her seat. Her whole body was on edge. She felt that even a light touch could push her over the edge to an explosive orgasm.
"Did you like the speech, Kymberly?" Samuel, still seated, asked her. His question took her mind briefly off her predicament.
"I thought the speaker definitely knew what he was talking about, though I'd read about the drug in a journal a month ago," she replied.
Time was getting close, and Samuel wasn't going to let her get away. She would have to sit through it and hope he didn't notice. She picked up a water glass and held it near her face.
"I thought the speech was kind of boring, myself," Samuel said. "Somebody needs to write some better jokes for the speaker."
Kymberly took a long, slow sip of water from the glass, hoping the glass would mask whatever expression escaped her when the vibrator went off.
Seconds later, it came -- twice as strong as before. Her body, already aroused and weakened by the vibrator's earlier assaults on her wet pussy, had no defense against it this time.
The vibrator sent a shockwave into her clit and her pussy and through her body. Her legs jerked involuntarily. The glass in front of her mouth shook, sloshing the water around in it, and she spit some of the water in her mouth back into it. Her eyeballs started to roll back before she could stop them.
Samuel looked at her with surprise and concern. She gasped and coughed and waved her hand at her mouth. The other hand held fast to the table edge to keep her from tipping over.
"Kymberly, are you OK?" Samuel asked. Trying to keep her head still and focused while her body still convulsed, Kymberly looked back at Samuel and was glad, at least, that he didn't seem to know what was going on. Samuel was reputed to be very conservative in his habits. Maybe he didn't know anything about vibrators. She could only hope he didn't.
He's probably never seen a vibrator, she thought.
"Ah . . . errr," she began to choke out. "Water went down the wrong way," she said with a rasp, pointing at her throat.
"Here," he said, pulling a handkerchief out of his suit -- who wears a handkerchief anymore? Kymberly thought -- and offering it to her. She took it gratefully and held it over her mouth after setting her glass down.
The pulsing in her body subsided, leaving only a few tremors still coursing through her thighs. She felt wetness there -- her inner thighs were a sodden mess, she could tell.
"Samuel," called a voice next to them. They both looked up and it was Dan. Although he had spoken to Samuel, his eyes focused on Kymberly, and he had the same look of curiosity and amusement as before.
"Hello, Kymberly. Did you have a bad experience with the . . . water?" he said, pausing noticeably before saying the last word.
"I'm fine," she said, her voice still hoarse.
"I'm glad to hear it," said Dan. He addressed Samuel. "Samuel, I heard you're a birdwatcher. The hotel is organizing a nature walk at sunrise tomorrow. Interested?"
"That sounds lovely," said Samuel. "I'd like that. Kymberly, what about you? Would you like to join us? Dan, where and when is it?"
"Meet outside the pro shop 15 minutes before sunrise. They'll take us in carts to the nature area next to the course. How about it, Kymberly?"
"Oh, I'm sorry," she said, her voice steadier now. "I'm not much of a birdwatcher, I'm afraid, and I don't have any binoculars."
"That's no problem," said Dan. "You can use mine. They're excellent. I always have them with me."
"Let me think about it," she said. "Samuel, it was so nice to talk to you. I think I spilled some of that water on me -- I'm going to go to the little girls' room."
The felt the phone in her hand pinged yet again. Robert was back.
"I'll bet you enjoyed that," he texted. "There will be one more, soon. Better get ready."
She looked up from her phone to her companions, Samuel and Dan. As she stood up from the chair she felt the back of her soggy dress cling to her thighs. The vibrator shifted noticeably inside her as she moved and she hoped and prayed it didn't fall out as she stood in front of them. Samuel looked at her pleasantly, but Dan looked at her with something else -- she wasn't sure what. But there was a trace of a smirk in his smile.
Does he know? She wondered.
She held her purse in front of her and backed away from them. She hoped the color of the dress would somehow hide the wetness she could feel.
"Kymberly, if we don't see you tomorrow, it's been great talking to you," Samuel said. "Call me when the convention is over and let's do lunch. I want to hear about what Sintrell is offering these days."
Yes! she thought. For all the trials Robert had put her through that night she'd managed to win an opportunity to sell her company's products to one of its biggest potential customers.
"I will!" she said. "Good night, Samuel! Good night, Dan!"
She scampered away on quick, small steps, keeping her legs close together to minimize the risk the vibrator, getting looser and looser between her wet legs, might fall out onto the floor. Her purse was in one hand and her phone was in the other. It pinged again. She looked.
"Better hurry," Robert texted again.
She moved as fast as she could on small steps, weaving through the crowd and saying hi to people she knew as artfully as she could without stopping to chat with them. She saw Kristin, with her new boy toy Roger nearby, glare at Kymberly and scan the length of her body with her eyes. Kymberly wondered what she looked like.
Kymberly had pushed the limits of her exhibitionism today, and thrilled at doing so, but she was exhausted from nervousness at the unrelenting risk of exposure. She wanted to get back to her room, especially before Robert sent the next signal, which was bound to be imminent.
Just a minute later, walking briskly ahead of most of the throng of convention-goers leaving the ballroom, she reached the bank of elevators. One was open, thank goodness, and she didn't see anyone enter it ahead of her.
She didn't see the occupant of it until she was halfway in. It was one of the two men she had ridden with before, the ones that had checked her out after she had arrived at the hotel. It would look odd and unfriendly to back out of the elevator after already starting to enter it, so she kept going. She hoped Robert didn't set off the vibrator while she was in it.
"Hello again," said the man, giving her body a good, long, hungry look with his eyes. Obviously, he had spotted the headlights on her chest.
"I'm Chad," he said, initially holding out a hand but pulling it back when he saw her hands clutched to the phone and purse.
"Kymberly," she said.
"Nice to meet you, Kymberly," he said as the elevator doors closed. Kymberly was glad it wasn't full of people.
"Some friends and I are going out for some drinks in 15 minutes," Chad said. "Would you like to, umm, join us?"
"Thank you for the invitation," said Kymberly, "But I've had a long day and need to rest."
She had backed herself against the side of the elevator, opposite Chad, so he couldn't see the back of her dress. She still couldn't tell how noticeable the wetness was on the back of her dress. She still felt it.
Chad nodded at her in reply but said nothing. He looked at her pleasantly but a little uncertainly, awkwardly, even. He didn't have the demeanor typical of the smooth-talking salesmen that populated conferences like these.
The elevator suddenly gave out a groan and slight lurch. Then it stopped. She looked at the display over the door, and she saw that the elevator had stopped between the third and fourth floors. For the moment, at least, they were stuck.
Oh no, she thought.
She had no time to think any more about it, because the final wave from the vibrator came crashing into and against her. This time she had no reserves left to stem her body's submission to it. Her legs buckled and her butt fell back against the side of the elevator. Her fingers shook and the purse dropped to the floor. Her hand flew back and grabbed the railing on the side of the elevator to stop her from collapsing altogether to the ground. A long high-pitched moan and gasp escaped her lips.
Through fluttering eyes, she saw Chad looking at her in utter astonishment. His eyes held on hers at first, but then they swept down her convulsing body and stopped at her thighs, below her dress. She knew why.
Her body had been aroused too long, and she couldn't hold back. A hard, sustained orgasm swept through her, causing her body to buck back and forth involuntarily against the side of the elevator. Even more embarrassing, she squirted, something she seldom did. Wetness flowed from her, flooding down her legs and raining down on the elevator carpet between her feet.
The flood loosened the grip of the vibrator, and when her legs spasmed open in response to the orgasm the vibrator's grip finally gave way. She felt it fall out of her, and, looking down, she saw it hit the elevator floor with a chunky "plop."
She couldn't take her hand off the rail to do anything about it. She stood there, for what seemed like minutes, legs shaky and spread over the purple object on the floor, tremors still sweeping her body as she came down from the orgasm.
"My god," Chad said. He couldn't seem to say anything else, just kept sweeping his eyes up and down and all over her, diverting them briefly to look at the vibrator as though to confirm, yes, he really had just witnessed a vibrator falling out of a woman's pussy in an elevator.
In her not-fully-conscious state, Kymberly felt the phone ping again. She held it up to see Robert's message.
"Where are you?" he texted.
She didn't want to text Robert, but focusing on his message diverted her just slightly from the intense mortification of what had just happened in front of Chad. The elevator door still was stuck and there was nothing she could do to get away or hide herself. She couldn't make him unsee what he had just seen. Chad still was looking avidly at her body, but not moving.
She responded to Robert.
"Am in an elevator. It's stuck. A man just saw me orgasm. Vibrator on floor now."
"Wow," he texted back. "Are you turned on?"
What a crazy question to ask your wife in a situation like this, Kymberly thought. She had just orgasmed in the most embarrassing way possible in front of a man she didn't know, a man who nevertheless worked in her industry and could spread rumors about her, compromise her, maybe even ruin her.
But yes, a voice in her said. Despite all that, it was a turn on. She was turned on. She had been turned on all afternoon and evening, ever since Robert's games had begun. She was more aroused and excited than ever, standing, barely, in the elevator, in front of Chad, who was gaping at her.
"I am," she replied to her husband.
"Is he turned on?" he texted back.
She looked at Chad. He looked more surprised than anything, still, but she saw desire in his eyes. He held one hand loosely over a noticeable bulge at his crotch. He was trying to hide it, or to feel it; she couldn't tell which.
"Is that you husband . . . texting you?" Chad asked. He pointed. She nodded.
"I noticed your ring," Chad said. Then he pointed to the vibrator. "I've heard of those but I've never seen one. I had no idea they do that. My god."
She was still recovering from the orgasm and panting a little. She couldn't imagine what an out-of-control, slutty mess she must have looked like to Chad. But she found it turned her on.
"I don't think it does this to everybody," she said. "My husband put it on a very strong setting."
"I guess so," Chad said. He was stroking the bulge in his pants noticeably now.
"He is turned on," she texted back to Robert.
"Are you safe?" he texted her. "Does he look OK?"
"Yes, he looks like a nice guy," she texted back.
"Is the elevator still stuck?"
"Yes," she texted back.
"Good," he texted her.
"Give your phone to him. I'm going to send him a message. Then take the phone back. Give it to him now."
What did Robert have in mind? She wondered. His imagination never seemed to stop, and it always seemed to involve putting her in new risky situations.
Even so, she handed the phone to Chad.
"What's this?" Chad asked her.
"My husband is going to send you a message."
Chad's eyebrows furrowed with curiosity. He had to tear his eyes away from the dark-haired woman with the heaving breasts and wet legs to watch for the incoming message.
Kymberly heard the phone ping in Chad's hand. She saw Chad's eyes grow wide and his mouth open as he looked at the message.
"What does it say?" she asked him.
He approached her and held the phone in front of her face. She saw her husband's text message and her eyes widened as well.
"CUM ON HER," Robert's text said.
She took the phone back and she and Chad looked uncertainly at each other.
Robert had never taken their games this far before. He'd exposed her body to other men, but he had never let any other man have any sexual contact with her. Now he wanted that. 24 hours ago, Kymberly might have been reluctant, or even outraged. But now, after all that had happened already, Kymberly was more than willing to take yet another step. Her body, recently shaken and covered in her fluids, was like something new to her, something she hadn't experienced before. For all it had gone through, it wanted more. Her body hungered for more. She wasn't going to deny it.
If that's what you want, dear husband, she thought, that's what you're going to get.
Kymberly put her phone in her purse, and she dropped the purse to the floor. She sank slowly to the floor, her legs, now steadier than before, splayed to the side of her. She held her gaze on Chad's as she lowered herself.
"You better get started," she said with a husky voice when her butt had reached the elevator floor.
Chad looked like a guy who still was adjusting to the fact that this wasn't a crazy porn fantasy. It was really happening. A gorgeous woman was inviting him to cum on her.
He'd never done anything like this before. But he knew what to do.
He unzipped his fly and pulled his cock out. It was hard already and he had to pull his pants and underwear out and away to release it. When he did, it popped out straight and hard toward Kymberly's face. He took two steps closer to her.
Kymberly's legs were bent and spread, the heels of her black pumps dug into the elevator carpet. Kymberly put a hand on the hem of the short, and wet, red dress, and pulled it up. She pulled it up past her thighs, past her pussy, and up above her tummy. Then she put her other hand under her thigh, and she pulled her thigh back until one black heel clinked against the elevator wall. The bare, wet, waxed skin between her legs lay completely exposed to Chad now. She looked down and the lips of her pussy looked thick and wild, engorged by her arousal. They'd opened, as well, so Chad was getting a good view inside her.
Chad's fingers wrapped around his cock and began pumping it. His eyes feasted on everything Kymberly was showing him. Her thick, black-brown hair, unruly and cascading around her face and shoulders. Her dark brown, deep-set eyes. Her large, luscious breasts, tits peaking prominently through the red dress. Her well-defined tummy, obviously the result of many days in the gym. Most of all, the lush, luxurious lips of her pussy, peeled back for his view by the index and middle fingers of Kymberly's right hand, which had moved down from the hem of her dress. The inside of her pussy was on view, and it was pink and glistening with wetness in the light of the elevator.
They should have a name for that shade of pink, Chad thought. Pussy pink.
He had a nice cock, Kymberly thought. Not remarkably big, but maybe a little bigger than average, and she liked how thick and hard it looked as Chad stroked up and down on it. She didn't think it would take him long. But the elevator could start again at any moment, so she thought she'd do what she could to excite Chad further and to help him finish the job.
She began running fingers up and through and around the lips of her pussy. She spread them and mashed them and pushed them this way and that way with wet fingers.
With her other hand, she traced a circle lightly over her tummy.
"Cum here," she said. "Cum on my belly, right over my pussy."
Chad liked the thick fleshiness of her engorged pussy lips under her fingers, which moved them this way and that indiscriminately. He stepped closer to her. He knew it wouldn't take him long, and he wanted to make sure he came on her and not on the elevator floor.
Kymberly could see Chad getting close, and she felt, suddenly, that she might come again, too, despite having just finished a shattering orgasm minutes before. Her breathing sped up and her cheeks flushed and she started to pant again.
Chad couldn't take his eyes off the flesh of her pussy, mashed down and spread open by Kymberly's fingers.
Suddenly, Chad's back arched and he couldn't hold back. He stepped close to Kymberly and held his cock down, pointing directly at her open pussy. Cum shot out of his hard cock in fast, violent spurts. Kymberly looked with satisfaction at the thick streams of his cum frosting her thighs and tummy and spilling down between her legs into the raw, fleshy furrow of her sex. A few thick drops even landed right on the lips of her pussy. Kymberly's back arched against the elevator wall, and she came too, for the second time in the elevator in front of this man she barely knew.
She wanted to lie there, just lie there, and enjoy the afterglow of her orgasm and the sticky coating of Chad's cum. But she knew the elevator could start moving again at any minute. With her legs still apart and the dress still pulled up, she fished her phone of out her purse. She held it out with an unsteady hand to Chad.
"Take a photo of me," she said. "My husband will want to see this."
Chad took the phone with his left hand, his right hand being wet and sticky with his cum. That's some lucky husband, he thought.
He took a photo of Kymberly with her dress pulled up and ropes of his cum gleaming on the supple skin of her tummy and her thighs. The purple vibrator still lay on the floor between her lean, outstretched legs. The carpet between her legs was dark with the wetness that had poured out of her.
She held her hand out to reclaim the phone, and Chad gave it back to her. She looked at the photo and sent it to her husband. There was no mistaking the telltale translucent streams of another man's cum on her body.
"Amazing, baby," he texted her in a minute.
"You got that right," she texted back.
The phone pinged again.
"Have him put the vibrator back in you before you leave the elevator," Robert texted.
She wondered how far Robert wanted to push things. If Chad put the vibrator in her he almost certainly would touch her pussy. As crazy as it sounded, considering Chad's cum lay on her, that seemed like a boundary she didn't think she wanted to cross. She guessed Robert didn't want to cross it either, but that he wanted to push her as close to the boundary as he possibly could.
She scooped the purple vibrator off the floor and handed it to Chad.
"Can you put this back in me?" she asked sweetly.
He took it from her. It was sticky with her juices.
She stood up and pulled her dress up and spead her legs apart to make it easier for him.
The elevator groaned and lurched a bit. It seemed to be coming back to life.
"You better hurry," Kymberly said.
"I haven't done this before," he said with a sheepish smile.
"Just go with your gut," she said.
He held the vibrator and began pushing one end into her pussy. He pushed gingerly because her opening looked small for the size of the purple object, but it slipped in easily because of her wetness. Chad was fascinated to see it hold fast and clamp onto her clit and her opening. For just a second, one of his fingers holding the vibrator brushed against her exposed clitoris. But when the vibrator was fully in he pulled his hand away.
"You are such a gentleman," she said to Chad.
The elevator gave off a melodious tone and a sudden whoosh announced the opening of the elevator doors. Kymberly quickly smoothed her dress back into place. She gave Chad a quick kiss on the lips.
Before he could say anything or try to kiss her back, the doors opened. Three people stood waiting to enter, and Kymberly scampered past them fast, not looking them in the face. She hoped they wouldn't notice the sodden, sticky patch of carpet she had left behind on the elevator floor.
Chad got out too and looked after her.
"Would you like to stop by my room for a drink?" he asked.
Kymberly stopped and turned toward him.
"Sorry, I can't," she said. "Maybe another time."
She walked back to him as he stood there and the elevator doors closed on the threesome going down.
"That was nice," she said. "Just between us, right?"
"Of course," he said. "And . . . uh. . . your husband, of course."
"Of course," she said. "Good night, Chad."
As soon as she got to her room and closed the door behind her, Kymberly pulled off the red dress and the lace bra. She stood inside the door, naked except for high heels. Her body was damp and sticky with her sweat, her cum, and Chad's cum. Her room was dim, lit only by a single lamp at the side of her bed, turned on to a low setting.
The clock showed it was 10:30. Ordinarily, that wasn't late for Kymberly. But she was utterly and completely exhausted from the night's activities.
"Am back in my room," she texted Robert.
"No more games tonight, baby," she texted again. "I'm exhausted and need sleep."
"OK, baby," he texted. "Turn up the volume on your phone. I'm going to wake you early in the morning."
"Robert, what if I have plans for tomorrow?"
"You do have plans," Robert wrote. "My plans!"
"You are impossible," she texted.
"You wouldn't want me any other way," he texted back.
"Maybe," she texted. "I'm going to bed now, Robert. Good night."
"Good night, darling."
She put the phone down on the table next to her bed. Then she stood tall and statuesque, naked and in her heels, and she ran her hands down her body. Her body was sticky and still damp in places. Chad's cum, now mostly dry, lay over her taut belly and thighs in a thin, irregular crust. She should take a shower, she thought, but she was too tired from everything that had happened. She just wanted to crawl into bed. And she liked the feeling of being dirty. She wanted to take the feeling with her to bed.
She turned off the lamp next to the bed.
When the light went out, she noticed for the first time the glow of light coming from outside her hotel room window, which was wide open. The light came from the fourth-floor room in the building opposite hers. The light was dim and blue -- the glow from a television screen. At the window, she saw the tall silhouette of a man, standing and facing toward her room, hands up and on the edges of the window curtains. She couldn't see his face, but she knew he had been looking into her room.