This is a true story that happened while I was working for business. For those who have read of my other 'travel adventures', this is another occasion where nothing had been planned and I went with the flow.
*****
I got up Sunday morning feeling good about the previous day. I was enthusiastic to go back in later in the day. I went out and had breakfast, also went to the mall to pick up some 'work supplies', meaning my own clothing selections. As these items were likely to encounter oil, I did not want to spend too much, but I also wanted to have enough for the rest of the week.
I bought a couple of simple golf style shirts of my size, as well as a couple pairs of shorts. I picked up some additional bra and panty sets. I wanted to keep my regular gear for my regular work outfits. I also bought one bra and panty set to match the silk robe in case I decided to go that route for a session. Finally, I bought some yoga pants and a sports bra. I might end up using items from home on subsequent trips, but I had enough for the rest of this week, and none of these items would go to waste, as they could be worn at home.
I arrived on time, as I always do. Today I wore in a yellow golf shirt with navy shorts.
Stacy saw me as I came in, gave me a hug and nice greeting. She asked, "Did you have a good evening?"
I replied, "Yes, thank you. I enjoyed yesterday, interested to see what today brings."
She told me Bill was already with a client, she and I would both have our own 3 pm clients.
Stacy brought me to the desk, looked over the schedule, saying, "I will leave it to your preference on our 3 pm clients. Both are regulars, one man, one woman. Have a preference, or want more details?"
I replied, "It doesn't have to be that way Stacy, if you have a preference, I will be fine either way. But probably I would be more comfortable with the man."
She said, "No, that's fine with me too. As you know, I like the ladies...", as she paused for effect. I got it and smiled back. But she continued, "But I also like the guys."
I responded, "Well, as you know, I also like the ladies...". We both laughed.
Stacy confirmed she had given him a massage before. She said, "Jim is probably my age, nice guy, you will like him."
I said, "Please be straight with me. What level is he expecting?"
She replied, "I have fucked him, but that came after several sessions. I think he will be happy with a handjob or a blowjob if you are willing."
That was more or less what I had guessed. Stacy probably saw my nervousness, "Still OK if you want to switch and take the lady."
I had my out, but said, "No, that's OK, I just wanted to know the lay of the land first."
My client arrived before Stacy's, so we decided that I would check him in so he was not disappointed in case he had been looking forward to seeing her.
I met him at the desk, "Hi, you must be Jim. I'm Beth, I will be with you today."
He was nice looking, maybe about 5"10" and fit. As Stacy said, I guessed about 35. He said, "Hi Beth, nice to meet you."
He followed me in back, clearly knew the place, probably better than me. I told him we would be in room 4 and he should come in when ready. I wasn't nervous though; he was a regular and seemed like a nice guy.
Jim got up on the table without needing to be told. I adjusted his towel, asked the standard questions about injuries, sore spots, etc. He said he had no problems, just here to relax today.
We had some chit chat, but not too much. He seemed to prefer a quiet massage, about normal pressure. We got through his entire backside, including full nude including massaging his butt as usual. He indicated on a few occasions that he was good and enjoying the massage.
I had him flip over at the appropriate time. I dripped oil on his chest and stomach, and his legs. Before I could begin rubbing it in, he moved his hand to my lower back and lightly caressed me. I looked over at him, saw him smiling. I began to massage his chest and stomach, meanwhile his hand covered more territory, moving around from my lower back to my ass. Not aggressively or I might have stopped him or slowed him down.
I continued to massage his chest, but my hands also moved to his stomach and lower abs. He was in good shape overall, obviously worked out. I moved down the table to do his legs. He could still touch me but really only his fingertips made it to my waist. After applying oil to both legs, I moved to the end of the table to work on his calves. I then moved to the other side of the table to start on his left thigh. This time it was his left hand which started to touch me.
I said, "How do you like the massage so far?" He replied great, and I continued, "Stacy told me you were a regular client and to treat you well. So let me know if you need anything."
But at the same time, I was saying this, I had both hands on his inner thigh rubbing the oil in. I had gotten very high up, with maybe a slight touch against his balls under the towel.
"I am doing great, thank you. Good to know Stacy talked to you."
I moved around to his right leg, repeating the pattern as before.
I slipped off the towel and he already had an erection. Not full hard yet. He was about average length, but thick. I wasn't about pretense, so I reached over to grab his cock in my hand.
I said, "Stacy told me you were a nice guy and I would like you."
I stopped stroking him for a moment, so I could take off my shirt and bra. I said, "Don't want to get oil on my clothes, hope you don't mind."
He lifted off the table enough so both hands went to my breasts. He did a few squeezes and then laid back down. I moved a little closer to him so he could take my breast in his mouth. When he started to suck, I took his cock back in my hand, reaching down first to massage his balls. He moaned a little, but still sucked on my boobs.
Finally, he pulled his head back and laid back down. He had gotten fully hard through the stroking with my hand.
I looked at him and smiled, then shifted my position so I was standing nearer to his legs. I had leaned over to put my tongue on the tip of his cock while I held him in my hand and pulled him closer. As I licked the head of his cock, I was looking up at Jim, who was staring at me also with a smile.
I smiled back for a moment while I licked him, then took him deeply into my mouth. He tensed and moaned at the same time. Seemed to be enjoying it.
"Are you OK Jim, want me to stop?"
He laughed, "No, I think this is ..."
Before he continued, I had dived back onto his cock, taking almost all of him into m mouth. If he wasn't so thick, I probably could have taken all of him.
I had already decided he was going to get a blowjob when Stacy gave me the choice of massaging the male or female clients. When she said he was a regular and that she had fucked him, I was certain. But I was not sure I wanted to fuck him either. Maybe I would need to ease into that, maybe on a future session.
But that did not stop me from letting him grab my ass while I sucked his cock. He was tugging on my shorts, so I paused long enough to slip them off. But I kept on my panty. I let him rub my pussy. No doubt he could tell I was wet, but I wanted to satisfy him with my mouth.
He was close I could tell. He liked it when I sucked on his balls while stroking him, but it was the deep throating that really turned him on.
He said, "I'm going to cum..."
I continued to suck him and then felt the first spurt into my mouth. He was groaning during his orgasm, and it felt like he had a big load. I did not swallow it yet but lifted up and showed him my open mouth before then swallowing.
He said, "Oh my god, that was great. He had a little more cum on the tip of his cock, so I took him back into my mouth and gently sucked the rest. His cock began to relax, though he was lightly groaning as I lightly sucked him. Undoubtedly, he was sensitive after his orgasm, but of course he did not resist this 'cleanup activity'.
Jim got up from the table finally and we both got dressed. I was ready a little before him, so I also started scooping up towels and tidying up a bit.
Jim had also gotten out his wallet and handed me some number of $20's folded up. I was not sure of the exact amount.
I said, "Oh, you don't have to do that. Stacy told me you were a regular client."
He looked at me a bit strange, then said, "Well, I usually tip. I really enjoyed our session."
I said, "I enjoyed it too. Great to meet you."
I didn't resist this time when he handed over the cash, which turned out to be $100. I led him out where Stacy was at the desk.
Jim said to her, "I like your new masseuse.:
Stacy gave a good response, "We like her too. Glad you enjoyed your session. Ready to book another, or do you want to call in when you are ready?"
He replied, "Give me same time in two weeks if open."
Stacy said, "Beth will be off then, OK if I you are booked with me?"
He smiled and said, "I am going to have to find a way to come more often so I can see both of you."
I had to admire the perfect answer. After he left, Stacy inquired how I liked the session with Jim.
I smiled coyly, surprised myself that I blushed a little, "I think I enjoyed that blowjob as much as he did. Almost returned his tip."
She laughed out loud at first, then said, "I wondered when you might expand your limits, but remember, that is always up to you alone. Don't ever feel pressured."
I replied, "No worries, very clear. I felt a little horny anyway, and he did not seem to mind."
There was a full understanding between us, and I was very comfortable with everything. It did cross my mind as I reflected on the tip that there was no way to avoid the reality that this was sex for money, though I had not done it for the money. Little semantic arguments, but somehow, I was trying to rationalize my slutty behavior. The only thing I knew for sure is that I am a different person on the road. Not a split personality, but more of a 'let loose' change in philosophy not too unlike the expression 'what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas." I know that anybody reading this account is likely to have their own different interpretation and that is fine.
Stacy had returned to the desk and asked me whether I wanted another client and when, or whether I wanted a break for a while, giving me the option.
We had a first-time client coming in about 30 minutes if I wanted, she had no information to share. She left it up to me entirely, even offering to let me get a look at him and then decide. I told Stacy she was being overly gracious, and I asked what her own preference was. I was OK either way.
She was also fine either way, so I told her not necessary for me to see him. I will take this one. I thought be making it clear that she could plan out her own schedule as sometimes she or Bill would leave and run errands, whatever.
About then Bill came out with a bottle of wine. Not exactly what we had at the restaurant when I first met them, but a nice cabernet blend from Napa Valley. He had not opened it yet but offered to. Looking at the clock for timing, I thought a glass of wine would be perfect. Great taste and hit the spot just right. I was very relaxed with Bill when Chris came in.
Bill greeted him first, "you must be Chris. Welcome."
Chris was very young, I guess around 20 or so. Tall, thin, and to be quite candid, a little nerdy looking. I don't mean that in a derogatory way, as he was not bad looking. More that he gave the impression of the classic academic rather than athlete, biker or whatever other description you might want to apply.
Chris seemed a little nervous, saying only "HI" a little shyly. Bill asked him how he found out about the place. Chris said he had driven by the place several times, but had not thought to make an appointment before a friend's recommendation.
Bill was glad to hear about that, "Well, we love endorsements like that, so if you let me know his name, we will give him a discount for the referral. You think about it though; we understand not everyone likes to leave their names."
Chris nervously replied, "Thanks, maybe I need to ask him if OK. Could I tell you next time?"
Bill told him that would be perfectly fine. Bill also describe massage prices, recommending the one-hour session. He also took him back for a tour, showing the massage room, showers, locker and spa areas. They came back after a few minutes and Chris told said he would like to go for the 60-minute massage.
Bill then motioned toward me, "This is Beth, she will be taking care of you today."
I held out my hand, "Nice to meet you Chris, welcome."
We shook hands. You could tell he was still really nervous, sort of in a cute way. Maybe vulnerable would describe my impression of him.
"Come on, let's go back."
He followed me back to the room and I repeated some of the same standard introduction things he had just heard from Bill. But being his first time at the spa, and owing to his nervousness, I just wanted to put him at ease.
I said, "I will give you a few minutes. Go ahead and get undressed. You can take a shower here, and when you are ready, you can lay down on the table face down and cover yourself with a towel and I will be right back. Any questions?"
He said, "What do people normally wear for the massage? Sorry, just new to this."
I was reassuring, "No problem. Relax. That is totally up to you. Most clients are fully nude. I will keep you covered with the towel most of the time. If you want to wear your undershorts, that is fine too, but you might get some oil on them. But like I said, most clients prefer nude, but you are the boss, OK?"
I was smiling to make him feel comfortable. He seemed to start feeling more comfortable with me, smiled back and said "thank for explaining."
I replied, "No worries, I will take good care of you. You will be feeling great by the time we are done."
By the time I had returned, Chris was dutifully laying on the table. He had covered himself with a large towel that left only his ankles and feet exposed, as well as his head of course.
I came back, rested my hands on his shoulders over the towel, "Doing OK? Room temperature need adjustment?"
He replied, "I am good, everything is comfortable."
To ease into things, I left the towel as is and started pressing my palms on his back.
I said, "Chris, at any time, make sure you tell me if I am pressing too hard, or if you would like it to be harder. Let me know if I am hurting you in any way; there should be at no time any pain?"
He said, "OK, thank you."
I continued, "Do you have any sore spots or injuries, anything I should know of?"
Chris replied, "Nothing like that."
I said, "OK then. We are good to go. I will be using oil for this massage, is that OK with you?"
"Yes, thank you."
So I began the massage as standard, folding down the towel to his waist to expose his back. I applied the oil and began to rub it in, checking at times to make sure he was good with the pressure.
It was entirely possible this was his first massage, because to each of my questions on the technique used, his reply was 'as I recommended'.
He still felt a little tense, or at least not fully relaxed, so I tried to talk to him to get him to loosen up. I found out indeed that he was 21.
To my "Oh my god, half my age!" reaction, got my first relaxation response from him, as he laughed. I want to avoid all the "mom references' and all of that, but certainly it was a little strange to be massaging someone this young.
We started to carry on a better conversation now that the ice had broken. I found out he was in community college to save money for the first two years but had the grades and the plans to attend the university as soon as possible He was focused on computer science, obviously a popular and lucrative field.
He was impressed by my science background, of course probably assuming a different career based on my massaging him. I am one of those who knows how to use all the functions of a computer, but not necessarily how to set it up myself.
We also discussed my interactions with some well-known high-tech companies. Safe to say he expressed surprise all around and eventually getting up the courage to inquire why I was working here. I gave a pretty transparent response, that I was helping out the owners while they were shorthanded, and that I liked people interaction and that actually just also liked giving massages. I also came clean that I was relatively new at it, enjoying the experience.
We had been talking long enough that I finished his back. He was a standard pressure person. I had recovered his back with the towel and began on his legs. I was careful with him to not expose his legs too high.
My initial reactions upon first seeing him had proven correct. An academic type, a little shy, a little nerdy. But the last part was mainly clothing selection and hair style. I found him to be intelligent after loosening up on the conversation, glad I had broken through as now I could tell he was also enjoying the massage a lot. He gave good insights on the career topics, found out he had played hockey and ran track, but by his own admission, was not really very good at it.
We hit another interest point when I found out he was pretty good at golf. I had played a few courses in the area, nice ones, and traded some mutual anecdotes on strengths and weaknesses of our skill.
It was around this time, now that our interaction was casual and relaxed, that I broached back the subject of massage.
"Chris, this would be the point where I would massage your butt. But I did not want to surprise you and give you a heart attack."
He laughed, "Well, thanks for the warning. Is that a normal part of the massage?"
I replied yes and he said "OK".
Now who knows what he had heard from his 'friend' who had referred him, if there even was a friend. It was my impression that he was a nice young man, probably inexperienced, but not important.
At least I learned that he had taken my advice and decided to take his massage nude. This was the first time with my conservative towel etiquette where he was now fully nude.
I started with his back first, sort of easing in to the quickly go across his butt. I was at the side of the table, so I had one hand on his leg, one hand on his back, sort of bringing them together at his butt. After the first subtle flinches at my touch, he was relaxed again soon, partly as we were again in discussion.
We were not sharing deeply personal information, but a little better dialog than just 'how is the weather' superficial chit chat. Found out his parents were divorced, and he lived with his mother. Found out he did not have a girlfriend, but dated a little, not much.
I said, "I am not surprised Chris. You come off as a little shy. Very normal."
He replied, "I guess that is true. I have been on enough dates, but by the time we have been going out for a while, usually tough to sustain anything."
It seemed like he did not mind talking about his 'dating', but I did not understand the last part and inquired; "not sure what you mean?"
He came back with, "a little awkward to talk about."
"Don't worry, we don't have to. I am enjoying our conversation, but we don't have to talk about anything that makes you uncomfortable."
A little bit of an awkward pause, before he said, "I am just nervous on the subject, but maybe I can say that by the time we have been dating for a while and things lead to..."
He left that hanging, and I said, "Are you talking about sex?"
"Yes."
"OK, I see. Not worries, we don't have to talk about that. I respect your privacy, especially when I have a naked young man in front of me."
He laughed again, "You are easy to talk too, but of course it is an embarrassing topic."
I was not sure what was on his mind really, but I said, "Often people date many, many people before they find that one person where they can be completely comfortable with each other. Often that comfort level is not easy to find, and often that lack of comfort also complicates sexual topics."
He said, "Yes, that is right."
I said, "Sometimes guys want sex before the girl is ready, depends on the individuals."
I changed the subject a little, saying, "OK, time to turn over."
I held up the towel to respect his nudity, as he flipped over to lay on his back. Once I had placed the towel to cover him, I had the surprise and no surprise. As was common, he had a bit of a bulge going. As was not so common, it appeared through the towel that he was rather well endowed.
There was another quiet period as I put oil on his chest. I asked if the light was too bright, or if he wanted a towel cover for his eyes, but he said he was fine. His eyes were open as I began.
Chris said, "On the other topic, it was never something where I was pressuring the girl."
He continued, "You are right about me being shy. So I don't get too many dates. But there have been some girls I went out with for a while and they were also interested in more to happen."
I said, "OK, I think I know where you are going. Sounds good so far. So, what is the problem?"
He said, "My equipment scares them."
I finally realized he meant that he dick size was too large.
"Oh, I see. You mean size."
"Yes."
Men seem to have a fixation on size, so I did not know if this was an exaggeration or a practical reality. This was certainly not how I expected this massage to go. However, as I had been working on his chest and stomach, I had sensed his 'growing reaction.'
Instead of working on his legs, I massaged his arms instead. I sat on the edge of the table and raised his arm, putting his hand on my shoulder as I oiled and rubbed down his arm.
I said, "I doubt there is a problem. Probably the girl is also inexperienced. Give time and some practice, I think eventually couple overcome all sorts of problems, including that one."
"Well, I sure hope so. But it has been frustrating so far."
I said, "I think most everyone your age finds sex to be a little frustrating. Give it time, I am sure it will work itself out."
I thought about it a little more, as I moved over to do his other arm. I also took another glance at the bulge under the towel and concluded he was not exaggerating about size. He appeared under the towel to be substantial. This was a total non sequitur based on his long and lean body type..
I said, "A couple of obvious things to say. I think men are generally way too focused on size. No woman is going to make a choice to be a couple with a guy based on that. Most men would be jealous of your 'problem'. I am sure this is not the first time you have heard that."
He said, "Yes, I have heard that all the time. Locker room teasing, I get it."
I continued, "The other obvious thing you should know, that maybe you have not heard, is that maybe if you are frustrated, you should consider dating older girls."
I was now working on his calves. I looked up the table at him, looking puzzled.
I said, "I don't mean my age. But I guess you are dating girls your own age. That is natural. But if you go out with girls in their late 20s or early 30s, I think you would find out they have experience and a desire to ...handle somebody like you. The girls your own age will eventually get there, but initially they are just overwhelmed. You say frightened, but maybe it is more of a intimidated feeling."
Chris said, "Thanks for your advice, but it is not as though I have had much opportunity to date older girls."
I chuckled, "Good point. Sorry, I don't mean to laugh or minimize your frustration."
He said, "I didn't take it that way. This is not a subject that comes up in normal conversation, and especially not with a woman. I appreciate that you were open to discuss."
To change the subject again, as I was working on his thighs, I asked, "Doing OK on the massage?"
He said, "Yes, this is great."
I said, "Well, I thought we had you very relaxed, but your frustration on this topic seems to have you tensed up again. Relax."
I had gotten up fairly high on his thigh, reaching under the towel. By the time I had gotten around to his other leg, I caught a look at his balls. I will just say that they were also large.
I moved back to the end of the table to stand by his head. I began to rub his temples with my fingers..."Relax".
He closed his eyes and I could feel him let go his tensions. "That's it. Good. Relax. That's better."
"Thank you."
I replied, "My pleasure. I have enjoyed meeting you, I like our discussion. Sorry that we got off onto stress creating topics."
Still standing at his head, I started rubbing his chest again, pressing down a little harder than before with my palms. I put some more oil on his chest and stomach, working it in.
While he was more relaxed now, there was at least one part that was not. It seemed he had not been erect before, the bulge had just been a sign of size. Now there was more of an unmistakable lifting.
As I leaned over to rub the oil on his stomach my own stomach had pressed against the top of his head. When I had lifted up, he had opened his eyes and was looking up at me.
"Sorry", he said.
"Sometimes that happens during a massage. Don't worry."
I moved to the edge of the table on his right side. The tip of his cock was just peaking out the towel.
I said, "Chris, that is a normal reaction during a massage. It does not always happen, but sometimes it does. We get used to it."
With that, I pulled the towel away. There is just no way to sugar coat it, he had a big cock by any measure. I would guess he was between 8 -9 inches. But he was also rather thick around.
"Chris, I can tell you for sure that 99% of men would love to be in your position. And you will be a big hit with the ladies when you find the right ladies."
He smiled, maybe a little proud with himself. Sort of like getting to show off a little without the reaction from the girls he had been with previously.
I took some oil and dripped it on him. I looked at him, as I touched him with my hand, "OK if we continue?"
He nodded his head, "That would be great."
I gave him a few strokes. He was heavy in my hand, very thick now and hard. More like 9 inches plus.
He groaned a little bit as I gave him a hand job, "Does that feel good?"
He groaned again, but of course I already knew the answer to my question. How could it not feel good?
The mischief opportunity took over as I removed my hand and said, "I don't want to get oil on my shirt".
He was staring with eyes wide open as I lifted my shirt off. My breasts were straining against my bra.
I took him back in my hand, wondering if he was going to last long before cumming.
I had not decided to give him a blowjob until that moment but leaned over to kiss the tip of his cock while I looked at him. I still had his shaft in my hand, but I did give the head some licks and kisses.
I said, "I suppose it is not easy for your girlfriends..."
I had relaxed my throat as I took him into my mouth. Probably the thickness rather than the length caused girls the most problems. I took maybe 3 inches in my mouth before backing off. Chris could not seem to believe this was happening.
I took off my bra before taking him again in my mouth. This time I was able to take about 5 inches in before reaching feeling a slight gag reflex. I felt him squeeze my breast. I looked back up at him with his cock deep in my mouth. I lifted up and smiled.
I asked, "How is that?"
Again a silly question, but interesting response, "I have not had anyone able to take me in their mouth that deep. I have seen it done on the internet, but I never thought that could happen to me."
I said, "You are really big. I cannot take all of you but let me try a little bit more."
It is always this way for me with a guy with a large cock. If I try to take too much, too soon, I get a gag reflex. If that happens, tough to avoid it from recurring. But if I am careful to avoid it, I am usually able to take a man in a little more. The problem here was not only that he was long, but also fat.
I lowered my mouth on him again, Chris caressing my breast. I went slowly, stopping to suck him at various depths. But finally, I made an effort to take him in as deep as possible. I could feel his head at the back of my throat, tried to calm my gag reflex by pausing, then taking a little more, a little more.
It is difficult to say how much of him I could take inside my mouth, but it was probably between 6 or 7 inches. Not sure if any more was possible, but that was all I could manage that day. I could not really suck him that deep, but I lifted off a little and then was able to do a little stronger sucking.
I knew I could make him cum at any time, but this was also interesting and arousing for me.
I said, "Sometime, you will have a girlfriend who is willing to practice a little when giving you a blowjob, and she will probably get better and better at it. You just need to find the right girl, then you need to have enough time together for her to have time to get used to you."
He was watching intently as I licked the head a little more. He started to smile widely. I took him a couple of inches in my mouth while sucking and stroking him with my hand.
I lifted up abruptly, saying, "OK, next bit of counsel."
I took his hand and brought it to my pussy, let him feel me through my shorts.
"I guess your next problem was that your girlfriends have either not wanted to have intercourse or didn't like it. Am I right?"
He shrugged and nodded yes.
I slipped off my shorts and panty, then let him feel me. I said, "See how wet? That happens easily for me, but not for everyone."
I was already dripping wet.
I continued, "Go ahead and slip your finger inside."
He felt my wetness and I said, "You can never try intercourse with someone as large as you without the woman being this wet. Best if it is natural this way, but if that is not happening, or for extra comfort, you should always have lubricant handy."
I licked the head of his cock again, then said, "Then I guess the next mistake is you getting on top in a missionary position..."
Now that I was also fully nude, I climbed up on the table, saying, "Much better idea is if you let her get on top like this."
I had my right knee on the table, but he was long enough that I had to raise up high enough by having my left foot flat on the table as I moved his head around my pussy lips.
I said, "This is a little bit like stretching before a workout or an athletic event. My pussy muscles will stretch out, but initially it can be a little painful. This way I get to control how much of you enters me, and how slowly, gently."
With that I slipped only the head in...slowly...then lifted off.
I said, "OK if I continue?" But of course, I already knew the answer as he nodded. I lifted his hands up to my breasts, loved the way it felt as he squeezed me without being told.
I smiled, but said, "Not too hard, be gentle. Watch for signals what she likes. Help support me now, put your hands on my ass to give me some help."
He was listening and following my directions as I slipped him in again, this time a little deeper, again slowly. Without lifting off, I sat down on him a little further.
I was loosening up without much effort but lifted off again. Not all the way, but enough so that only the head was still inside.
I lowered back down again, this time taking him about halfway. Then lifted off again. I did a few strokes at this depth of him inside me about halfway. I could tell he was thinking that maybe this was all I could take. But really now after the slow entry and the multiple strokes, I was now more ready for him and slipped down again further on the next down stroke and the even further on the next.
I paused with him in deep now, shifted my legs so that both knees were now on the table.
He had closed his eyes earlier, but as I paused now, he looked up at me. I smiled broadly and brought his hands to my breasts again.
I said, "Have you been inside anyone this deep before?"
He shook his head no, saying, "No. Never. I was wondering if I would get this chance."
I had all of him inside me know as I sat down deep on his big cock. I was of course enjoying this immensely, but I also felt some responsibility based on his limited experience. I wanted this to be nice for him also, but I thought the instruction was a bit necessary also.
I had just been sitting on him calmly but could feel his big hard cock inside me deeply. But before additional strokes, I squeezed my pussy muscles together in some pulses, squeeze, relax, squeeze, relax.
I said, "Can you feel that?"
His eyes were wider open as he nodded yes, I said, "OK, feel it now."
With that, we did some slow strokes up and down where I continued the squeeze relax. For sure I could tell he had not been in that deep inside a woman before, nor had the experience of this kind of vaginal constrictions.
I did not want him to cum yet but knew that was always possible. We did a few more strokes together before I lifted off completely. I climbed off the table, but then leaned over to suck him a couple of times before also guiding him off the table.
I said, "OK, we are going to switch positions now."
This was not the session to try a lot of positions, but I knew he had likely tried and failed to have a good missionary position experience previously. So, I laid down on the table, and pulled him up on top.
Before I let him enter me, I said, "Remember how when I was on top, that I came down on you slowly, paused, pulled out... you do that now also."
I repeated as his head touched my pussy, "Slowly and just a little bit..."
He followed that guidance and slid in a little bit. Now truth be told, I was wet enough and loose enough that I did not need this, and wanted him in deep, but that would come.
He had of course fully understood and had followed the guidance. So each time he went in a little deeper, he did it slowly, paused, pulled back. Finally, he penetrated me deep.
I said, "See, if you follow that slow and gentle process, and you are careful to let her guide you, loosen up, enjoy it; you are more likely she will want repeat sessions."
Then I continued, "Lesson over. You can go ahead and do whatever you want now. Time to enjoy yourself."
He did not need any more encouragement than that as he began to fuck me. He quickened his strokes and there was also a nice pounding as he got more confident.
I was enjoying this immensely, even approaching my own orgasm. But when he paused for a moment, I held his ass and said, "Also remember, unless you know the girl and she has told you it is OK, never cum inside her."
He nodded and said OK, then he resumed his nice stroking. He was big enough that he did not have to have too much technique to satisfy me.
I felt my orgasm coming as he was getting the hang of this. I began to groan, "Oh yes, just like that."
I had a really great orgasm. He did not pause at all, which made me have a really long and intense orgasm.
From his own pace and face expression, I did not expect him to last too much longer.
He lasted a couple more minutes, but frankly a little longer than I expected, before pulling out and shooting a big rope across my stomach.
He was groaning as he had a couple of more big spurts. I must say, he had a pretty big load. Not sure if that was normal for him or had been a while since his last time.
He was looking at me now, finally not shooting off more cum, but still a little oozing out. I guided him off the table, so he was standing, and I got off the table also and knelt down, taking him in my mouth.
He was not full hard now, but still large. I could taste him on my tongue as I sucked him gently while he began to relax. He had his hands on my head as he lightly groaned.
Finally, as he relaxed more, I looked up at him. I scooped some of his cum off my stomach as he looked at me. I lifted it up to my mouth and put it on my open tongue so he could see it. Then swallowing.
I stood up eventually. I asked, "Was that the first time you orgasmed by fucking?"
He said, "Yeah, the most before was by hand job. That was fantastic. Thank you."
I said, "I thought that was the case. It was my pleasure. You did great."
Chris said, "I never got anywhere close to that before, either on the blowjob or the fucking. Always before, the girl would always want to stop before we got very far."
"So remember, consider older girls. Go slow, let them enjoy it. Make sure you have lube, and most important, let them control it until they are ready to let you go."
I continued, "Let's get dressed, took a little longer than I expected, but in a good way. But come back again sometime and we can do it again if you like."
He said, "No problem, full understand. But I should tell you thank you, thank you. That was fantastic."
I smiled at him, but we were quiet as we got dressed.
As we started to head back to the front desk, Chris started to pull out his wallet for a tip, but I stopped him.
I smiled and said, "Save it for next time. This time was my treat."
I leaned up to give him a kiss on the cheek. He had a big grin on his face. I reached down and squeezed his cock, saying, "You better come back. You had lesson one only..."
I started to lead him out, but stopped and said, "Not a word of this to anyone please. OK?"
He nodded and agreed, "Understand, no problem."
I smiled at Chris, "Thanks Chris. See you soon."
I was exhilarated, satisfied, but also a little tired. A very eventful day so far already. But also, no signs of Bill and Stacy, but I found a curious situation at the jacuzzi where they were both lounging and relaxing. What was curious was that they had a TV sitting on a portable table where they could see it.
I walked up, "You guys look relaxed, but what gives with the TV?"
Stacy ignored the question, saying instead, "Seems like you were in there a long time..."
I smiled and said, "None of your business, you can't make me talk."
Bill answered the earlier question, "We have our cop coming by soon, just want to be able to see when he arrives."
I walked around a little to catch a glimpse of the boring parking lot on the monitor.
Right on cue, a car pulled in.
Stacy chimed in, "Good timing, here he is now."
She stood up from the jacuzzi, when I said, "You guys look very comfortable. My treat, why don't you let me handle it?"
Bill looked interested, but Stacy started to object, before I cut her off, "What's the problem, I understand, we talked about that before."
She came over to my side of the jacuzzi, whispering, "This is a big deal. We don't want any problems."
I whispered back, "Don't worry. I will make sure he leaves happy."
She still looked a little concerned, but said, this time in a normal speaking voice, "Are you sure?"
I just nodded and smiled, "You two have done a lot for me, I have really enjoyed my part-time job. Promise it will go well. I would like to do something nice for the both of you."
Bill gave a big grin, but Stacy just said, "Very nice of you. I will be right back here in case you run into any problems."
I said, "There won't be any problems, don't worry."
With that, I headed to the front desk where our policeman was just arriving. He looked a little puzzled to see me, but before he could say anything, I said, "You must be Dan, Stacy has told me a lot about you."
He still looked concerned, so I continued, "Sorry, but Stacy is not feeling well, asked if I could fill in for her."
I held out my hand, and he shook it, but I could see he was still a bit ... maybe nervous is the right way to describe.
He said, "What did she tell you?"
I responded, "Just that you are an ultra-very-important-person. Everything is no charge."
I motioned for him to follow me back. He seemed a bit hesitant but did come back to the massage room with me.
Dan was probably in his early 60's. Maybe 6 foot tall, a little overweight, but not bad. Graying salt and pepper hair, sport coat and tie.
We got back in the room where he still seemed a bit uncomfortable. I said, "Stacy is really sorry she could not meet you. Some kind of stomach problem, did not want you to be disappointed..."
Dan replied, "So she did not say anything else? What impression do you have...?"
I said, "We did not talk long. I assumed you are one of the owners or investors..."
He looked at me carefully but was quiet.
"Stacy told me you come in every few weeks or so, we give you VIP treatment. She also told me to ask you if you are short on time or not. She said sometimes you are in a hurry... Relax."
He was either a little shy or was concerned about the surprise.
"Dan, do you have enough time for a full massage, or are you in a hurry today?"
He said, "Sorry, but I am in a bit of a hurry today."
I said, "No problem. Stacy said that might be the case. No worries, we can do the quicker massage today."
I came a bit closer, holding out my hand, "May I hang up you jacket?"
He handed it over and I put on a hanger and placed it on the hook in the room. It was obvious that he was not quite sure what I had been told by Stacy.
I kneeled down in front of him, placing my hands on his lower thighs, "Do we have time to get more comfortable, or are you time constrained?"
He did not answer right away, so I took some initiative and reached up to unfasten his belt. Dan was looking down at me, a nice little tent forming at his crotch.
Still looking up at him, I undid his belt and the unfastened his pants and zipper.
I slid them down, leaving on his undershorts.
I stood up and looked at him, "Let me get a little more comfortable first, OK?"
With that, I peeled off my shirt and then slid off my shorts, now standing in front of him in only my bra and panties.
I said, "Everything OK?"
Now for the first time, I got the twinkle in his eye and a smile, a little nod affirmative.
I kneeled back down and lowered his shorts to free his now semi-hard cock pointing at me.
He was nice sized, but a bit average, and a quite a lot less than Chris not long before. I wasted no time to take all of his cock into my mouth deeply.
I sucked him and gave him a few strokes before lifting off, looking up, "Stacy was not so clear about the details. OK so far?"
I did not really want and certainly did not wait for an answer before diving back down to suck him deeply. I lifted off again to take lick his balls, a little sensitive, before taking one into my mouth and sucking very gently.
I paused for a moment to ask, "Dan, do you like to stand, do you want to lay down or sit down?"
He just replied, "I am great, just continue the way you are going."
I did not say anything but slipped off my bra to expose my big breasts to him. I pulled his hand down so he could squeeze my left breast. He followed up with both hands, which felt great.
I let him grope me for a little before putting his very hard cock in between my tits. I could have sworn he would cum right then quickly, so I backed off a little to take him back in my mouth. He was already throbbing, so I slowed down a little.
It was clear I could make him cum at any time, just not clear how was best. I took him back between my tits and fucked him that way, licking the head with my tongue.
I could feel him tense up as he shot his load on my chest and chin. I took him in my mouth where I sucked the remaining spurts directly into my mouth.
Dan was groaning and then finally began to relax.
I took my finger and swiped up his cum from my chin first as he watched me put it into my mouth. I did the same with my chest.
He was semi-hard only by this time, but I gently took him into my mouth again as I sucked the last few drops.
I stood up, when he said, "Oh my god, that was great."
I said, "So you will not complain to Stacy..."
"Oh, hell no. I will give you a great reference."
I said, "Don't worry, that was a joke. Maybe you get both of us next time..."
I let that linger a little. I got a warm washcloth to clean him off, but he had already pulled up his shorts and pants to get dressed.
So I got his sport coat from the hanger. I said, "Wait a second."
I returned with the red satin robe on, so I did not have to get fully dressed before walking him out. I assumed the short timing was so he could get home to the wife. I was not sure of the reason, but clearly, he was in a hurry.
I walked him to the front where he started to pull out his wallet for a tip. I held up my hands, "No chance, Stacy will kill me. You are fully paid."
He smiled at me, saying, "I will look forward to next time."
Quite sincerely, I replied, "Me too. Take care."
Dan headed out and I went back to the jacuzzi where Bill and Stacy still were relaxing.
Both had a big grin, but it was Bill who looked at the clock, "Damn, that did not take long."
Frankly speaking, he was right. From the time I left them at the jacuzzi originally until now had been only about 15 - 20 minutes. Pretty quick.
I laughed, "What can I say? He was ready and I am ...not so bad."
They laughed in unison.
Stacy said, "Do you want to close up and head out early? We don't have anyone else scheduled for today."
Bill followed up, "Or I can crack open a bottle of wine if you want..."
I looked over at the clock, it was only about 7:30 pm. I did not say anything, considering options.
Bill said, "Well, let's open a bottle and if you want to get out quick, no problem."
I smiled, "Ah, the King Solomon solution."
Bill got out of the jacuzzi to fetch the wine, sporting not quite a full erection, but not bad. He noticed that I noticed, saying, "Hey, what can I say, she still turns me on."
Stacy laughed, "Oh, don't believe him Beth. I think he always has a hard on."
Bill was off in the other room, when Stacy came over, still in the jacuzzi, asking in a low voice, "Everything go alright with Dan?"
I smiled, "It went great. He has no complaints, although I might have implied that next time he gets both of us."
She laughed loudly, "Fantastic. Thank you."
With that, she stood up and leaned in closely to give me a light kiss. I pushed back, holding her away, saying, "Careful, I don't think I cleaned up too carefully."
She laughed again, "I noticed. Why do you think I want to kiss you?"
I knew she was joking, but what should have been a light kiss instead became a deeper, more passionate kiss. She then licked my chin and cheek, before kissing me again.
Then she said, "Oh yeah, that is Dan alright."
We laughed together, then kissing again.
Bill returned with the wine bottle and three glasses. They looked like real wine glasses but were plastic kind for safety around the jacuzzi. He picked a bottle of the same thing I had been drinking when I met them originally at the restaurant.
Stacy took that opportunity to untie my robe, handing it to Bill, saying, please hang this up.
Bill had an admiring look, as this was the first time he had seen me undressed. As Stacy's breasts were small and mine were large, I could tell he was interested. Notably, the fetching of the wine had ...relaxed him a bit.
Stacy also decided this was time to remove my panty, slipping her fingers inside the band to lower them. Bill was silent as I was now nude. Stacy handed my panty to him. Without saying anything, he hung them on the same hook as my robe.
I had to laugh to myself as I realized my clothes were now strewn everywhere, as my shirt, bra and shorts were still in the massage room.
I lowered myself into the jacuzzi as Bill poured the wine and handed us a glass.
It was Bill who made the toast, "To Beth, this has really worked out great for everybody. We are really pleased to have you join the team."
Very nice.
After we took a sip, I said, "Thank you, I really like this wine."
Taking another drink, I said, "Thank you both for having me. This has been sort of a fantasy that I did not even know I had, being fulfilled. You have made me very comfortable and very welcome. Thank you."
I surprised myself by being even a bit emotional, choking up a little at the end of my reply toast.
The reality had been that I had gotten to explore my fantasies in a safe place where I was indeed...comfortable.
It was Stacy who broke the ice, saying, "I was not sure, but there was just something during our restaurant meeting that made me think you might be interested. That is not a normal dinner conversation for us."
Bill just chimed in, "All Stacy. Of course, I thought you were attractive, but I was not thinking to try and recruit you. It was all over before I even realized what was happening."
I laughed, "It was a little that way myself. She is very persuasive."
We all laughed at that.
Another little cheers as we touched glasses.
Stacy asked me, "So what parts of this have been surprising, what do you like, what not so much?"
I sat there, very relaxed, thinking about her very good question.
I said, "Sounds cliché, but I will just say I have to think about that more and get back to you. My first reaction is that everything has been surprising, and I have liked everything so far."
I paused for a second, "Maybe if it got to be routine, I might have a different view..."
Stacy was clearly in the lead, saying, "Well, just let us know. We will do our best to give you the things you like, avoid the things you don't care for."
They were obviously trying hard.
I said, "You have both been very gracious. I have no complaints and I have no requests. Very happy."
She continued, "I am glad to hear that. You did not say, but I have observed when you had the option that you seem to prefer the male client options to the female?"
I replied, "I guess that is true. I think I lean that way naturally...although I can think of a client where I might have answered differently." Bill looked clueless, but Stacy got it immediately, coming over close, "I agree."
With that, we had another tender but passionate kiss.
It was very interesting to me that it just occurred to me that while she was the younger of us by a few years, clearly in our duo relationship she had the lead. Not a dominant, submissive interaction by any means, but clearly Stacy took the lead. I was pondering that question when she continued.
"What other fantasies do you have? Maybe we can help."
I immediately replied, "If I had a checklist, you guys are helping me to check them off one by one."
They both smiled, but it was still my microphone.
I said, "Rather than having a checklist, I think what has surprised me a little, and what still holds appeal, is the variety of different people."
I had said that spontaneously, but it was completely true.
Bill remained quiet while Stacy continued, "I can see you are still thinking about it. Just let me know if there is something you would like to try. It is not like you have to decide between them, more or less a lot can be arranged. If you want to have a female-female session, if you would like a couple's session, if you want to be on the receiving end once in a while, we can do a four hands... lots of options."
I said, "Frankly speaking, information overload. I cannot decide, but I will think about that more. Thank you."
She and I clinked our glasses again, as she said, "Just let me know. It is OK to focus on you too, not just what happens to be on the schedule. I can arrange things if you end up with a request."
Stacy had been sitting next to Bill, with me across, except when she came over to kiss me during my emotional episode. But now she came across and sat near me, across from Bill.
It was not awkward at all, at least for me, when she put her arm around my shoulders. I looked over at her as she put her glass on the ledge, then took mine. She then kissed me again, this time longer and with a higher intensity.
After a few seconds, I felt her cup my breast while we continued our kiss. Just as an aside, I cannot testify to her hetero tendencies, but I do know I lean towards men as partners. But in my heart, I believed Stacy was truly bi or even had female leanings. In any event, I felt as though she was very attracted to me. And while my tendencies are different, I must admit that I was very attracted to her also. For the moment, we were alone.
Stacy shifted positions so that she was now sitting on top of me, looking into my eyes as her arms were around my neck, pulling me to her.
Sometimes kissing is more of a foreplay, leading to more. But I can tell you that this day the kissing was unbelievable. There was no time. Our tongues were dancing and then we would pause and be gentler with each other. Sometimes she would lift off and we would gaze at each other before continuing.
Her tongue was so soft. The wine on each other's mouth was wonderful. The lighting in the jacuzzi was dim, not originally implying romantic, but now it seemed to me. The water temperature was just right, you could stay indefinitely.
It was perhaps me who took a lead for once, as during one of our kissing breaks I pulled to elevate her so that I could take her breast in my mouth.
While she was on the small side, I was very satisfied. I liked and gently bit her erect nipple, before sucking more. We did this for a few minutes before plunging back into our kiss.
It was then Stacy's turn to take the lead. She lifted me up to sit on the edge of the jacuzzi. I thought this was the prelude to lick my pussy, but I was greatly surprised.
I had almost forgotten about Bill when she squeezed my breasts. She looked back at Bill, "Come here. These are about the best tits I have ever seen."
Stacy started to suck on my nipple, and I leaned back in ecstasy when I felt a second mouth on my breast. Bill had not needed too much encouragement to join us.
Oh my god, this felt fantastic as they each had one of my breasts in my mouth. They were both gentle and well-schooled, it felt wonderful. I had my head back and eyes closed when I felt fingers begin to touch and rub my pussy.
I trembled as I felt a finger penetrate my sopping pussy. It was Stacy.
I looked down as she moved to put her mouth on my clit, starting to first flick and lick, then start to suck.
It was then that I realized Bill was no longer sucking my tits. I opened my eyes to see Stacy licking my pussy while Bill now stood above me with his cock near my head.
I looked up to see him smiling as I started to lick the tip of his cock with my tongue. It did not take too long before he was deep in my mouth.
Maybe it is easy for some people to do two things at once. What I noticed was that sometimes I was focused on enjoying Stacy licking me and maybe I was sucking Bill, but not with passion. There were other times while I concentrated on his blowjob.
This was like something out of a great porn movie. Bill was larger than average, bigger than Dan and smaller than Chris although I could say his cock was fat. This meant that I had to concentrate a little to take him in deeply. Maybe lack of concentrate is a better way to say it, as I needed to concentrate to relax.
Stacy made that difficult as she continued to work on my pussy, bringing me to orgasm already. I can say that it is not easy to suck a fat cock when you are cumming.
When I came down from my orgasm, I pulled Stacy toward me and tasted my pussy on her tongue as we kissed.
I said, "Your turn."
I pulled her out of the jacuzzi and led her to the massage room. Though we were all still wet, it did not matter. I motioned for her to lay down on the table where I lifted and spread her legs.
I looked up at her first, saying, "You know what Bill will be doing. Are you OK with that?"
Stacy pulled me to her, so we kissed, then she said as she looked me right in the eye, "I want him to fuck you."
Bill was very smart though. As I leaned over to start licking Stacy's pussy, he was squeezing her breast while he kissed her.
I heard him say, "I love you baby."
She replied, "Love you too baby. Enjoy, because I am certainly going to enjoy this."
Stacy's pussy smelled and tasted delicate as I responded as she had to me. Frankly speaking, I had learned a little from when she ate my pussy, how intense for example. I tried my best to do the same for her.
I felt Bill get behind me and spread my legs as he slid his cock inside me. I was wet enough and loose enough (from Chris) that he slid in without any difficulty. Yet I had to pause and groan a bit when he started to pump my pussy.
I opened my eyes to see Stacy staring at me as she realized her husband was now inside me and fucking me. She lifted up to kiss me before resuming her laid-back position to let me eat her out.
I could feel Stacy cum twice while I licked her.
Bill was relentless back there, just fucking me hard and strong. I think Stacy came one time and then she looked at me when I came a short time later while Bill fucked me.
Stacy picked up on something before I did that Bill was close to cumming. She said, "Up here, on both of us."
Bill pulled out and moved to the end of the table where Stacy's head lay. First, she took him into her mouth. This was so hot as I could imagine she could taste my pussy while she sucked him. He pulled back and I knew he was ready. I laid on top of her so our faces were close together as he started to stroke himself.
I leaned over to take him in my mouth as he jacked off. He then pulled back a little again and shot a big stream onto Stacy's face. Oh my god, this looked so hot and just like a porn movie.
He surprised me with another spurt right onto my open mouth. He started to groan and then another spurt on me, which dripped onto Stacy. She lifted her head and we kissed, but this time the taste was all Bill's cum on both of us.
Stacy leaned over to take him in her mouth as she sucked him. She then lifted off and looked at me, essentially offering him to me.
I took him into my mouth and gently coaxed the last few drops from his still hard cock.
It was totally funny when he began to relax, as both Stacy and I had our faces covered in his huge load.
She laughed first, "Bill always has big loads."
I responded in kind, "If that is typical, he is not typical."
Stacy and I kissed again, for what seemed like the hundredth time, though still like the first.
Bill broke the silence, "Babe, we should find a way to do this again."
Before Stacy could respond, I jumped in, "I agree, we should do this again."
Obviously, it was going to happen again. Stacy replied with a big smile to the two of us, "OK, you two. I get it. I guess we can do this again."
The only thing that was really important on the last part was when we started to clean up and get dressed, Stacy caught me alone while Bill was in the other room.
She said, "You have my permission with Bill whenever you want. I get plenty of sex here, but he sometimes does not get as much. So, while you should not feel obligated, if the mood strikes, then go ahead and do not feel the need to ask."
We had all done a little cleanup at the jacuzzi, front desk, massage rooms, even the front desk area. Nobody wanted to do that early the next day as it was clearly better to get it done tonight as we were ready to close. But all of us were doing the cleanup nude. After our earlier encounter, of course this was very natural.
After collecting up all my clothes, we ended up in the locker room with me arriving first followed by Stacy and then Bill. I had put on my bra and panty set I wore in originally. It was clear with the massage oils and exertion in some cases, not to mention a bit of cum here and there, absolutely no way to consider reuse.
I sat on the bench on my side of the lockers looking at Bill and Stacy starting to get dressed across the aisle.
Bill was totally relaxed now as I had the impulse to move over to their bench and pull him toward me. I took his cock in my mouth as I cupped his balls.
I paused and looked up at him, "I do not want you to think you are done for the night. When you get back home, I expect to hear that you fucked Stacy really well."
I sucked him again and felt him begin to get hard, so I continued, "That is because one of these days you should know that when we are slow I am going to close the door and you will not see us for a while as I fuck your wife really good."
I took him back in my mouth deep as he now got hard again. I pulled off again after a couple of minutes, Bill with a raging hard-on and me and Stacy laughing like hell.
I said to Stacy, "OK, he is ready for you. You are welcome. See you tomorrow."
Bill started to whine, "Hey, wait a minute."
We continued to laugh at his expense while we got dressed.
I sucked him a little more as I was fully dressed and ready to go, "Don't worry, you will get a repeat."
I stood up and kissed him, then kissed Stacy again, before heading out.