This story is a continuation of I'm Dating Our Mailgirl. The 1st 5 chapters of that story should be read first for context. All characters are 18 or older and are completely fictitious as is Seahawk Industries. Any resemblance to anyone living or dead is purely coincidental and unintentional.
TESTING MY NEW RELATIONSHIP WITH JOYCE
Olivia and I had not really set a definite date for my "defilement" in the bargain with her to save the mailgirls' hair. Unless Joyce had talked to her to tell her she could not use my body as her personal amusement park, I was sure visions of mutual cunnilingus still danced in her head. I had a legitimate excuse for seeing Joyce to find out if she had talked to Olivia. Yesterday had been a momentous event in my life. I had cemented my life as a concubine. Somehow seeing my lover seemed appropriate. But I didn't want to appear too desirous of making every little excuse to see Joyce. I certainly had no desire for that.
Mid-afternoon, I went up to the HR suite, As I approached her office I wanted so much to tell her secretary to announce that her concubine was here to see her, but I decided to low key it and just ask if I could have 5 minutes with "Ms. Parker." Better to keep things on a formal basis. I'm sure it would become clear before too long that I was to be accorded certain privileges because of my new relationship with "Joyce". Her secretary want into her office and came back out 3 minutes later. "Ms. Parker said I should schedule and appointment when you can see her." An appointment, AN APPOINTMENT! I certainly didn't expect that slap in the face. Boy have we got a few things to iron our about our relationship in the workplace. I retreated, "Just ask her if she has had an opportunity to talk to Olivia -- Ms. Wallace -- about that matter we discussed last night.
NIGHT THREE OF THE DEBT REPAYMENT
I was so absorbed in my own chaotic life of the past 2-1/2 days, I really didn't think I was going to have too much trouble dealing with the loneliness of tonight. I still had 1/2 a liter of Jim Beam which I was sure would easily get me through the night.
When I walked into my apartment, I guess I was back to "normal". I wanted to throw off my clothes and sit out on the balcony. I was so unoccupied with the thoughts of what 7 and 9, 16, were doing this evening, I had a chance to reflect on how I was going to handle 9 and the news this weekend. I knew it was not going to be a pretty scene. I knew I didn't want to tell her Thursday night when we went to the Loading Dock. We would have too much to catch up on to be distracted by the latest news. She had left plans open for Friday night. When we made plans last weekend to get together for this weekend we were both under the assumption she was to be shorn during the Friday evening shower and that we would leave for the weekend immediately after meeting up in the viewing area of the fish bowl. Maybe I needed to take her to a high end fancy restaurant for a romantic meal. But there was the risk she would create a scene in such a public venue. Or maybe it would be better having a quiet meal at home. It would be tough throwing together something after work Friday, but, of course, we would not be eating together Saturday. Brunch Saturday? Either in the apartment or at one of the brunch buffets? What to do. What to do.
I still hadn't made any decisions when I decided to go to bed. Jim Beam was still in bed with me. 9 didn't call me, but I wasn't completely surprised. I didn't read anything negative into it.
MY FIRST CHANCE TO MEET WITH 9 SINCE THE WEEKEND
I was starting to get suspicious of Olivia. I wondered if she was still playing games with me and 9. I went into work early Thursday. Hey, what the heck, as long as I'm here I might as well head to the fishbowl. I wasn't completely surprised to see both Rose and Olivia there, but they weren't there together. Rose was there when I came in and Olivia came in later. I had kind of positioned myself near Rose, in order not to appear to be avoiding her. And then Olivia came in and joined us.
She started right in. "So, Monica, I hear that you've upgraded your social circle." No response. "When you said power was the ultimate aphrodisiac you decided to go right to the top." No response.
Rose looked at her, "What's going on?"
"Oh, you haven't heard? I'm surprised since the office grapevine has been burning up with the news. It seems that young Ms. Monica is Joyce's latest romantic interest." The office grapevine was burning up? I hoped that was just Olivia's exaggerating her own self-importance. The mailgirls were well wired into what was going on at Seahawks because of the universal access to all areas. I certainly hoped she didn't hear about Joyce and me "through the grapevine".
"What? Since when?"
I told her, "She asked me for a date Tuesday night." Boy, was that an oversimplification.
Rose persisted, "Does that mean young 9 is out?"
"I'm perfectly capable of multitasking." And with that curt remark I moved away. 9 had just come in and she was on the other side of the fishbowl from 5 where Rose and Olivia were standing. I took advantage of the placement to move away. 9 and 10 were together again. I guess the great hair scare had really produced some strong bonding. Neither of them performed cunnilingus on the other, but their fingers each did a lot of exploring of the other's cunt.
When the show was over, Rose asked me if I needed to come by her office "for anything." I told her I was good. I wanted to get down to the coffee shop in the lobby. I grabbed a bagel and coffee and sat at a table in the lobby area in front of the shop. Sure enough, at 7:03, 9 came out of the elevator carrying a delivery pouch. They placed a collar with leash around her neck. Once more the female security guard guided her by placing her hand on her buttocks, but instead of just guiding her, she actually grabbed a nice chunk of flesh, not hard enough to hurt her, but she got a fistful. They exited through the front door. They came back at 7:27 and she got on the elevator. At 7:44 she reappeared. They went through the same procedure. No other mailgirl had to make an outside delivery during this period. I was convinced Olivia was playing games with her, and indirectly with me. I had to get upstairs to my office.
At 5:00 I went back down to the lobby. The Hawk's Nest was still open serving sandwiches and such to people who might be working late. I took a seat at a table in the lobby area. Sure enough, in the 3 hours until 8:00 4 deliveries were made by mailgirls to neighboring buildings. 9 made 3 of them.
A little after 8, the mailgirls started coming down to the lobby on their way home. This was the first time I had been around at closing time. 7 of them came down together in an elevator on their way home. I was surprised to see 5 of them naked. Two more were dressed in something they would usually wear to go home. They gathered around the security station. They were laughing and cutting up like any employees on their way home at the end of the day. They all paused while one of the security men put collars around two of them and attached leashes. They all exited the building, still laughing and cutting up with the security guard leading the pack clearly toward the warehouse. 11 was in the group, naked but unleashed. I caught up with her and joined the parade. "11, what is going on here?"
"Oh, hey, Monica." We are just all going back to the warehouse."
"Where are your clothes?"
"Oh, that? Well, we just kind of kept making discoveries this past week, and now here we are. We figured that since we were moving naked to the other buildings surrounding the Seahawk building, what difference would it make if it was just after work -- or actually just before work too, in the morning. People don't know our work schedule. The warehouse is just a block beyond our official territory. Security was a little concerned about our being naked, both in terms of our safety and also about being stopped by the police. So they started "volunteering" to accompany us. They suggested we wear the collar and leash just to make us look official. Well, like tonight they didn't have enough collars and leashes to go around, so a couple of the 'lucky' ones got the collars. But it turns out if doesn't matter for the rest of us."
I noticed two police cars parked in front of the warehouse as we approached it. 11 pointed to them, "It turns out we didn't have to worry about the police. They come by every evening and morning for their own little show." I saw 4 policemen standing in front of the warehouse, including one attractive woman officer. They just tipped their hats as we all passed by.
"Good evening, ladies. Sweet dreams."
A couple of the mailgirls went over to them and caressed their faces. "Thank you, officers." And with that we went into the warehouse.
I continued chatting with 11. "And the same things happens in the morning?"
"Yea, some of the girls are still uncomfortable walking naked back and forth between here and work," she pointed to a clothed 4 and smiled at her and caressed her arm. 4's returning her smile and kissing 11 showed that 4 didn't mind the implied dig. "And some of us just like to change up our routines."
I asked, "What about 9?"
"Now that I think about it, I don't think I've seen her put on a stitch of clothes since Tuesday evening. Have you, Kayla?"
When 4 confirmed her observation, I now had learned another mailgirl's non-numerical name. 4, Ms. Blowjob in my mind previously, was really Kayla.
"9 was right behind us. She should be coming in any minute."
As I waited, I was drawn like a magnet over the the large bed in the center of the room. The sheets were freshly changed. I wondered if 16 had done that this morning to remove all the pussy juice from them from the previous night's activities. How considerate of them, I snarkily wondered to myself. My eye's wandered down to the clipboard hinging from the foot of the bed. There was a signup sheet. It was 3 columns and 8 rows. The labels in the 1st row read "Date" "Mailgirl 1" "Mailgirl 2". Sure enough in the rows labeled Monday Nov. 4, Tuesday Nov 5, Wednesday Nov 6 were written in 9 under Mailgirl 1 and 7 under Mailgirl 2. All the other blanks were filled in with other names. I flipped the page and saw a partially filled in sheet. Monday Nov 11 and Thursday Nov 14 were empty. 9 came in the door and I quickly dropped the clipboard.
She ran over to me and kissed me passionately, "I was worried when I didn't see you back at the building. I was afraid . . . . No, never mind." I didn't want her to finish her sentence, either. Not right now.
"No, babe. I didn't remember our agreeing on our plans for the evening other than going to the Loading Dock. I started talking with 11 and I just walked back here with her. Them."
"You and 11 seem to have become BFF's since Tuesday evening." I ignored that little dig and resumed kissing her.
"9, I've got what may seem like a really weird request. You've told me that whenever you eat your gruel, it takes you to a happy place. What with all the estrogen and antidepressants they load in there, I want to go to that happy place. Can I have a bowl of gruel?"
"Yea, sure. You're right. That is a real weird request." She went over to the stockpot containing warm gruel that food service must have delivered just before 8:00. She ladled out a small bowl and handed me a spork.
"Oooh, that stuff is awful."
11 came over to be helpful. Or was she just still in her Tuesday evening 42nd floor mode. "Here, put some brown sugar on it. That'll help it go down. We can't add that at work that they still haven't figured out a way to regulate us completely here in the warehouse."
She was right, that made it a little better, but just marginally. I almost gagged as I tried to down a few mouthsful. "I sure hope this stuff really works miracles after all this." I ate about 1/2 a cup. "I don't feel any different."
"Silly, it's not a miracle drug that works instantly. It really does have to have a cumulative effect. Over time." Was I embarking on a journey of permanent dependence on gruel to supplement my regular diet? I didn't have to decide that now.
I got up and grabbed her by the hand. "Come on, let's get to the Loading Dock. We've got a lot of catching up to do. Put on some clothes. Let's start with the hair. Tell me what you and the mailgirls thought when they didn't shear 1 and 2 Monday evening. I guess they, and the rest of you, went in there fulling expecting to be shorn."
She was talking as she dressed but she only took about 1 minute to put on jeans and a pullover. She continued to talk as we walked. "There was a printout of an email posted in the dressing room Tuesday morning announcing the postponement of the shearing." We arrived quickly at the Loading Dock. I order a glass of wine for myself, I still had to drive home, and a Dos Equis for 9. I ordered potato skins, wings, and a small plate of nachos. I checked with 9 to make sure my choices were alright. "You know whatever you order is alright with me. She leaned over and kissed me. We were sitting on the same side of the table in a booth.
"What about the new territory?"
"We were all surprised when we were told but nobody really had a problem with it. Heck, naked in the Seahawk building, naked in all of downtown. What's the difference. Besides, like me, most of the girls are starting to find complete nudity quite liberating."
"But what about the collar and leash? Don't you find that degrading?"
"Personally, I found it quite erotic and stimulating. And being escorted by a security guard, the only thing better would have been a prison guard."
I shook my head.
"Haven't you noticed that you seem to make a lot more of the deliveries outside of the building than any of the other girls?"
"I don't mind. It breaks the monotony. Besides they realize it takes longer to make the deliveries and they allow for that. So even though it is a longer delivery, there's actually less of a chance I'll get a demerit."
"How do you like having Olivia as your new boss?"
"Yea, I saw her name on the email they posted for us Tuesday morning explaining the new hair policy. It was from her with that title. when did that happen?"
"You didn't even realize before then that she was the new Supervisor of Mailgirl operations? Boy, they really do keep you in the dark. She has been since 7:00 AM Monday. Unofficially, she took over last week. She was responsible for all of these new policies. I think she is trying to punish you, or me, but giving you all the out of building deliveries."
9 laughed out loud, "Please don't throw me in the briar patch." Being from the South, I immediately recognized the reference to Brer Rabbit and the fox where the clever brer rabbit pleaded for the fox not to do exactly what he wanted him to do. He achieved the desired result and the gullible fox did it thus giving the rabbit his freedom. I chuckled. Olivia the fox was outfoxed by the mailgirl.
We both realized we had to get up early in the morning so we called it an evening around 10:30. I told her, "Since I walked her with the mailgirls, my car is still in the parking garage. Let me walk you to the warehouse"
When we got to the warehouse, I decided that was something that I had been thinking about for 2 or more weeks, and this was as good an opportunity to do something about it as any. We got to the warehouse and I just invited myself in. The mailgirls all greeted us. 12 and 13 were in the central bed. They weren't going at it, and they certainly weren't asleep. They were kind of like a couple of 10 year old girls at a slumber party just talking and messing around, but in a non-sexual way. 6 and 8 were sitting on the edge of the bed. I decided to have a little light chit-chat with 6 and to obliquely comment on how she seemed to be doing much better. I complimented her on her hair now that it was growing out. She blushed and thanked me. 8 was massaging 12, just rubbing her legs, her arms, her stomach, her buttocks. 6 appeared to be massaging 13. She continued to talk to both me and 13. She was massaging her calves and thigh. "There baby, does that feel better? Poor baby, you're just having a lot of trouble betting use to all the exercise. Are those cramps gone? Let me help you feel better." She massaged her feet and kissed her toes and the soles of her feet.
I said to 9, "Come her, 9. I want to look at something." I grabbed the clipboard and the attached pen. "It looks like there are a couple of openings next week on Monday and Thursday. What if we were to do this?" I filled the mailgirl 1 space with a perfectly formed 9. I paused, then I said, "and what if I were to do this?" I wrote "Monica" in the mailgirl 2 space."
"I don't understand. You're not a mailgirl."
"But can't I share a bed with my lover?"
It finally dawned on her what I was suggesting. She squealed, "Oh, Monica, you would be willing to do that?"
"Willing, I would revel in it."
"Here, in the warehouse, in front of all the mailgirls?"
"I think I'm ready for this. No, I know I'm ready. I have to do it. I don't want to go back to the last 3 nights but this is something I have to do to exorcise my lingering memories of you and, uh, you know, 7."
She took the clipboard, "There's still one more opening." She wrote in "Monica" under mailgirl 1 on Thursday. She handed me the pen and with a flourish I wrote in 9 under mailgirl 2. She kissed me passionately.
"This past weekend, we talked about my going to the fishbowl Friday to watch you being shorn. We talked about you making a triumphal entry into the spectator area to meet me with you head held high, your hair shorn and your body on intractable display. Well, your hair won't be shorn, but I think that's how I'd like to see you tomorrow to begin our weekend." She kissed me again.
THE WEEKEND BEGINS
In view of everything that had happened this week, Friday was rather dull. The only eventful thing was when Joyce's secretary, Melissa, called me. "Monica, this is Melissa Rivera, Ms. Parker's secretary. Ms. Parker wanted me to tell you she will arrive at 6:00 Saturday night at your apartment building. She doesn't want to have to come up to get you and she doesn't want to sent her driver up, so she will text you and you can come down and you can leave for the Opera." Doesn't want to have to come up to get me? What the hell kind of 1st date is that? I would think she would be leaping out of her car to come up and escort me down. She doesn't want to send her driver up? Was I being too sensitive or was I being treated like a hooker. Boy, we were going to have to "tweak" these protocol. "Great, I'll look forward to it." I guilefully replied.
At 7:45, I went to the fishbowl. The crowd really was sparse since it was late on a Friday before the weekend and not many people were sticking around. Also, there was not a show like the hair shearing had promised to be. 9 came out looking particularly radiant. I had not requested a particular mailgirl for her to "perform" with and I was curious to see who she would choose. It was 6 who looked particularly animated. This in view of her earlier psychotic break. They went into the shower and seemed to spend an inordinate amount of time washing each other's hair. 9 had her iconic red hair that 6 really seemed to enjoy lathering up. 9 was quite playful with 6's still quite short hair that was still in the process of growing out. 6 seemed to laugh and they frolicked as her hair was washed. Then they moved on to each other's cunt. I couldn't wait to stick my nose and mouth down here after the time 6 spent making it so fragrant with body wash. 9 then moved down to 6's pussy with her mouth as if to give it the ultimate inspection.
At the end of the performance, 9 came into the viewing area, something quite unusual. There were only 4 of us still here. Olivia and Rose were not present and, of course, Joyce would not take part in such activities. When 9 came out, we embraced and kissed passionately. The "crowd" had disbanded and we were there alone. "6 really seemed to give you a thorough cleaning, uh, down there. Can I inspect it?" And I did. It smelled of a spring morning. "9, before we go, can I ask you to do something for me?"
"Sure, what is it?"
I sheepishly reached into my purse and brought out a 4-oz container. "Can you get me some gruel?"
She kind of gave me a pathetic little smile coupled with an uncomfortable laugh. "That's a weird request. Is the cup you had yesterday starting to have an effect?"
"I don't know. All I can say is that I really want to get you home so that I can ravish your body. But I always feel that way. Just a tiny little bit more now." I held up my finger and my thumb about 1/2 in. apart. "And I only got irritable once today." I started to blurt out, "Melissa Rivera really. . . ." but I caught myself before I want any further. I didn't want to tell her that little incident. "Never mind, I'll tell you later."
9 went back inside the fishbowl. Of course I could see her through the mirror. She went over to the stockpot that food service had not picked up yet. She ladled out a couple of ladles full of gruel into the container. She smiled at me through the mirror even though she couldn't see me. Then she took a spork from the ground, took a spork full of gruel, smiled and rubbed her stomach in a mock, "Um, um, good" gesture. She came back out and gave me the container. "Let's go, babe. I'll eat it in the car," I told her as I led her out.
We could have taken the elevator down to the 2nd floor and crossed over to the 2nd floor of the parking garage, but 9 pushed the button for the ground floor. She smiled a mischievous smile and said, "Let's take the scenic route." She was holding my hand and naked the whole time. When we got to the lobby she led me out the door. One of the security guards, the female, said "Good night, Ms. Ross. Good night, 9. See you Monday." We walked down the street and turned the corner to get to the outside elevator that would take us back up to the 2nd floor of the parking garage. We got to my car, kissed a few times more, and then I started attacking the gruel like a man who hadn't eaten in 4 days.
She asked me, "Are you in a happy place yet?"
"I'm not walking off the ground, yet, But I feel like I'm getting ready for liftoff. And I can feel my pussy juices start to flow. But that may just be because I had a healthy dose of 9." I smiled again and kissed her. "Let's get home."
I hadn't brought any clothes for 9, so she had to walk up to the apartment naked. She headed to the balcony as soon as we walked in. "I thought I'd fix some stir fry vegetables with chicken, if that's alright." I went into the kitchen and started cooking while she remained on the balcony. 15 minutes later, I brought two plates out there. "9, Tuesday night on the 42nd floor, 4 told that fat Japanese visitor 'Why do you want that bitch Big Red to pleasure you when I can do a much better job?' Did that bother you, her calling you a bitch?"
"Oh, no. Don't be silly. She was just protecting me. She knows I don't like giving blow jobs, at least not to complete strangers, and she was deflecting his amorous advances. I owe her one, now."
"I've never been on the 42nd floor when you have been there. Were you bothered when that woman asked you to suck her tits?"
"It's just part of my job."
"Wow." We ate our supper in silence. When we were finished, I cleared the table. "We haven't made love in 5 days. Do you think we can remedy that problem?" She got up and led me by the hand to the bedroom. I told her, "I haven't showered since last night. Do you mind if I make myself fresh?"
"I'll help you." 9 didn't need a shower since she had showered thoroughly less than 2 hours ago. But she joined me to help me clean myself. After she had lathered and rinsed me completely, I lathered her asshole. She knew why I was doing it. I had only given her one rim job, early in our relationship, but I felt the urge to massage her anus with my tongue. She smiled and certainly did not object in any way. That's how we spend the night, with her head in my cunt and mine in hers, with an occasional foray into her rear nether region. Of course we showered each other with kisses over every other part of our bodies.
THE CONFRONTATION
We woke up Saturday and I was dreading having to tell her about my date tonight. But I knew I had to bite the bullet. "How do Belgium waffles with fruit compote sound? Since it's sweet, how about mimosas?"
She adjourned to the balcony, still naked of course. I also remained naked. I served her mimosa and went back into the kitchen to finish preparing the food. I brought it out and we both dove in.
"9, you saw me holding hands with Joyce Parker Tuesday night? Did that bother you?"
"You're a mature adult. I figured you had a reason for doing that."
"Did 11 tell you anything of what happened in the small dining room."
"No. We are all taught to be extremely discreet at all times. Anything we see or hear stays locked up inside."
"Even if it appears compromising for one of your fellow mailgirls?"
"Did you do anything 'compromising'?"
"This is very difficult for me. Let's back up a little." I started telling her the whole story, Joyce's approaching me about my evaluation, our meeting and the first draft of my performance evaluation.
"How could she do that? I've heard nothing but high praise for you. You know we are privy to a lot of information."
"It wasn't Joyce, it was Bill Nelson. He put the loaded gun in her hand."
"What do you mean loaded gun?"
"He inadvertently gave her the means to, uh, well, blackmail me."
"Blackmail? How? What was the ransom?"
"Joyce is a lonely woman. Did you know that she's a lesbian?"
I've had to go to her office a few times for deliveries. She's got, oh maybe 6 photographs in there of her and another woman. The other woman is about 15 years older than her."
"That sounds like her and her lover. How recent are the pictures?"
"I don't know. I never though about it. In the most recent one Joyce looks to be, maybe, in her early 40's."
"Her lover died 5 years ago. She's been lonely since them. She is starved for female companionship."
"What are you saying, Monica?"
"She gave me a very positive evaluation in return for, well, my offering her some female companionship. . . .occasionally."
"What? She wants to date you? What are you doing, running a rent-a-lesbian service for lonely old lesbians?"
"It's more than that."
"How much more?"
"She wants me to become her lover."
9 stood up and started screaming at me. "ARE YOU INSANE? SHE WANTS YOU TO PROSTITUTE YOURSELF JUST FOR A POSITIVE JOB EVALUATION."
"Calm down, 9. There's more to it than that."
"HOW MUCH MORE COULD THERE BE?"
"Did you wonder why they didn't shave your heads? I got her to rescind that directive."
"YOU SOLD YOUR BODY FOR SOME HAIR?"
"It isn't that simple." I went inside to get the memorandum of understanding. I brought it outside to her and handed it to her.
She read it slowly. "Three dates a month? At least when I prostituted myself it was only for 3 evenings. And it was over. This is going to go on FOREVER? What's this bullship about her always referring to you as her concubine?"
"We were both very drunk. I thought concubine sounded funny. It sounded better at the time. But I don't have to put up with Olivia. Don't you see, I now have a reign on Olivia. Olivia controls the mailgirls, but Joyce controls Olivia and I control Joyce. She's already agreed you can be off at Thanksgiving to come to Atlanta with me."
"OH, MISS HIGH AND MIGHTY. WHAT WAS IT YOU SAID? 'I WILL NEVER, NEVER, PROSTITUTE MYSELF JUST TO BE WITH YOU!' YOU GAVE THIS BITCH THE KEYS TO YOUR VAGINA IN RETURN FOR A WEEK IN ATLANTA. MOST WHORES HOLD OUT FOR LAS VEGAS."
Her shouting had started to draw a crowd. People were starting to stick their heads out onto their balconies. She saw this and decided to make a play for the audience. She ran over to the railing and shouted at the top of her lungs, "MY LOVER IS A PROSTITUTE," she shouted out to whoever wanted to hear. "MONICA ROSS IS A WHORE. GET IN LINE. WE'RE HAVING A SPECIAL THIS MONTH. THREE THROWS FOR THE PRICE OF ONE."
A couple of guys on the 16th floor started egging her on. "Cat fight! Cat fight!"
"9 calm down. I know you're upset."
"Othello was 'upset' with Desdemona's perceived betrayal. I'M FUCKING BALLISTIC!"
I thought I caught her literary reference, but i wish I had payed a little more attention in English literature. Just then we heard a knock on the door. I told 9, "That's probably the police coming to take you away."
"Maybe there's coming to arrest you for soliciting."
It was Ted Winthrop. "My goodness, what a fracas you two are having. Is there anything I can do?"
9 was in the living room sitting on the couch bawling her eyes out. "I just found out Monica is a back-stabbing, lying, whore. Can you do anything about that?" Ted looked as if he were looking for some explanation.
"9 and I are having a little tiff about something that happened at work." I started to fill him in. I tried to give him the broad outline, but I did need to fill in some of the more sordid details. I told him about the deal I had to make with Joyce and as best I could in a brief amount of time the reason why.
"Joyce Parker, is that old crabapple still hanging around Seahawk? I'm sorry, Monica, I guess I shouldn't refer to your new paramour that way."
"Do you know her?" I was surprised by that.
"Yes, I had to work with her back when Seahawk acquired Silvercreek Enterprises. We spent a lot of time together both professionally and as it turned out we ran in some of the same social circles."
"Did you know her girlfriend," I was intrigued by this information.
"Oh, yes. I believe her name was, something like Emma, Emily, Amelia, yes, that was it, Amelia. Lovely woman, I sometimes had trouble seeing the two of them together. Amelia had a good business head on her. She dabbled in the arts, a very attractive woman, somewhat like you, Monica. If I remember, she was about 15 years older than Joyce. What became of her?"
I told him, "She died, 5 years ago."
9 popped in, "and now she wants Monica to fill the void she left in Joyce's life." She started balling again.
There was another knock on the door. This time it was the police. There were two policemen, one man and one woman. Was I going to have to spend the night in jail? Or was i going to have to bail 9 out of jail?
"Come in officers." Neither 9 nor 1 bothered to put on any clothes.
"Is there a problem her, ladies?"
Ted spoke up for us. "Sorry, officers. Just a little misunderstanding. A lovers' spat." The officers looked around. The male officer recognized 9. Apparently he was one of the policemen who came around to the warehouse in the morning to see the mailgirls off.
"9, are you alright?" With that she burst into tears again. The female policemen went over to her to console her and put her arms around her.
"Yes, yes. I'll be alright."
"Are there any guns in the house?"
Ted spoke up again. "I can assure you, officer, there aren't any. You don't have to worry about any violence." The woman held 9 in her arms the whole time. I'm sure to calm her down. Yea, right. Even though I remained calm the whole time, I guess the male office figured I needed to be calmed down and he threw his arms around me. 9's characterizations came back to me. What the heck, if I was willing to trade my body for the chance to be with 9, I might as well give out a free sample to this policeman in order to buy my freedom from arrest. While the policemen were there, the door knocked yet again. It was the two men who had yelled out "Cat Fight." I'm sure they were there to collect on 9's 3 for the price of 1 offer. I guess her sense of humor was starting to come back. She told the policeman, "Officer, arrest those two men for soliciting prostitution." They disappeared never to be seen again.
The officers stuck around another 10 minutes just to make sure things were calm again. 9 was back to rationality but Ted stuck around. We both talked 9 down. I filled Ted in on some more of the details. Ted asked if we were going to be alright so he could leave.
I told Ted, and indirectly announced to 9 at the same time, "I have to pick up my formal ware for the evening at 3:00. I'm afraid to leave 9 here by herself. Would you mind coming back to stay with her for an hour or so?"
9 burst into tears again. "No, no. I want to go with you. I want to see you try on your gown. I want to see what you will look like." 9 hadn't been calm enough for us to discuss her plans for the rest of the evening. I guess I assumed she would stay in the apartment. But if she thought this would be her only opportunity to see me in my formal "gown" (I didn't correct her to tell her I would be wearing a tuxedo) maybe she wanted me to take her back to the warehouse.
I told her, "I'm not sure that's going to be a good idea."
"No, really, I'll be just fine. I think I just have to confront that image."
"Alright. Ted will you mind going with us to the formal shop?"
"I have a better idea. Do you mind?" 9 and I looked at each other. He took out his cell phone and called someone.
"Lisa? Ted. The girls have gotten into a little row, a lovers' spat as it were. Yes, 9 and Monica. Could you be a dear and give us an hour at around 3:00 this afternoon? Great. Just a moment while I set it up." He turned to us. "Would you mind if Lisa meets you there instead? I think you need a woman's touch, never mind a highly trained psychiatry profession." We both agreed that would be a good idea. He got the name and address of the formal shop. He returned to Lisa, "They'll meet you there at 3:00."
9 appeared to be calmed down. I thanks Ted for coming down and said he could leave. He asked if he needed to go with us to the formal shop. I looked at 9, she said that wouldn't be necessary as long as Lisa was meeting us there.
When my father dies a few years back, I had a grief counselor. She told me about the Kubler-Ross 5 stages of grief. I couldn't help reflecting that in the space of a little over an hour 9 had gone from denial, to anger, to depression and now by wanted to go with us to the formal shop she was engaging in bargaining. Could acceptance be far behind?
"Sweetheart," I hesitated from saying what I was about to say, "I need to shower and shampoo my hair and get it ready for tonight. I need to do my nails."
"You never do your nails for me."
"That shows how much you know, Ms. Smarty Pants. I always do them before you are here."
I went into the bedroom on my way to the shower. 9 followed me in there and laid herself out on the bed. I soaped myself and washed off. I shampooed my hair. Since I wear it relatively short, it doesn't need much attention. Certainly I didn't need to go to the beautician before my big "date". I came out and 9 came over and dried me off. She did take advantage of the situation and she licked some parts of my body dry. I applied a neutral shade of nail polish to my natural nails. I don't have artificial nails. I took out my cunt hair trimmer and started touching up my pubic hair in the shape of a 9. 9 took the trimmer, "Give me that. You can't do that by yourself. Let me trim it up." Wow, I guess she was really calming down. "Acceptance?" Here she was trimming my cunt so that her rival could have an aesthetically pleasing sight, never mind not getting too much of a mouthful of cunt hair. When she finished, she assessed her handiwork with her tongue.
I went over to my chest of drawers and brought out a thong. Instead of a cloth patch in front, there was a cord that was held in place by three pieces of thread so that it formed a triangle. But the triangle was completely empty. The triangle framed my cunt showing off my pubic hair. A few hairs stuck out beyond the edges of the triangle and the leg of the nine was dangling below one of the triangle sides. I put on some jeans and a blouse and we were ready to leave at 2:30. 9, who had put on her jeans and shirt, just walked beside me without showing any animation. I grabbed her hand; she looked at me and smiled. She snuggled with me as we walked.
Lisa was waiting for us at the store. We greeted each other but didn't really go into a description of the events of the day. Lisa really had no reason for knowing why we were at a formal/bridal shop. I know that thought, "Are they getting married?", must have crossed her mind, but she said nothing. I decided to let her know a little of what was going on.
"I have a date tonight. It's the first performance of the opera season, La Boheme. It's formal; and I wanted to dress accordingly." I know Lisa was dying to ask, "And what about 9?" but she said nothing. She just looked at us quizically. I told the clerk, "Pick up for Monica Ross."
He went into the back room and brought out a garment bag and handed it to me. "You can try it on in the fitting room." I went in, changed, and then came out.
That was the most jaw-dropping scene I could have imagined. I just hope I can produce the same reaction tonight. "Is that how you're going?" "That's too adorable." "You are going to be the belle of the ball." "All eyes will be on you."
I was feeding on their adoration, "Do you really like it? Do you think a woman's tuxedo is a bit too much?"
9 kept saying, "It's perfect, it's perfect, it's perfect." I was delighted she was finally so accepting. I had on the frilly shirt, but just held the tie in my hand. "Here, let me tie that for you." I don't know how she did it, but it tied into a bow-like tie with two wings drooping down framing the two ends of the tie which hung down the center about 8 inches. It was a stylized bow tie that made quite a fashion statement. Feminine complementing the mood of the tuxedo look.
"Thank you. I never could have done that myself." We kissed.
"I want you to look like a knockout." I gave the clerk my credit card and he was completing the sale. Lisa was on the phone but announcing loud enough for all of us to hear, "Ted? Lisa. We never did discuss it. Am I to give the girls my usual statement for $200 for professional services, or are you and Jennifer going to compensate me by providing me supper tonight?" I wasn't there since I was in the dressing room, but in view of some subsequent conversations, I'm sure 9 was able to fill Lisa in on what was happening this evening. She smiled at 9 and casually glanced at me, and said to Ted, "and can I bring a plus one?"
We returned to my apartment and 9 took off her clothes. At 5:30. I brought out two pair of stocking. "Which is sexier, black or nude?. Simultaneously, Lisa said "nude" and 9 said "black".
"Well, you two are no help." I opted for the nude.
9 affected an attitude of fake peevishness. "She never listens to me." I finished dressing and combing my hair. I put on black patent high heel shoes. We left for Ted and Jennifer's apartment. I could wait for Joyce's text message summoning me there. We went inside and Ted squealed with delight like a little school girl. "You look marvelous. How did you ever come up with that idea?"
"I don't know, it just seemed so natural."
Jennifer said "Wait a minute," and went into her bedroom. She came out with two dangle diamond earrings. They must have been about 1-1/2 carat each. "My mother always told me a woman is naked until she has on her diamonds." She started putting them on me, but 9 said, "Wait, let me do it." Could 9 have been any more accepting of the whole situation? She kissed me and Jennifer gently kissed my cheek. Lisa kissed me on my lips just short of the point of arousal.
I reached into my clutch and pulled out 2 $50 bills. "Here, 9. For your supper tonight, and afterward."
Ted protested, "No, no. This will be our treat."
9 said, "Let her pay for it. That way it just reinforces her grip on me as a kept woman." Her smile gave away that she was joking.
I gave it back to her. "Oh, I nearly forgot to tell all of you the best part of my pact with the devil. I got a $5,500 raise! I leaned over and touched my finger to 9's nose to tweek it. "Now I'm making more than the mailgirls!"
"Yes, but only by $500," 9 reminded me.
Just then I got the text message. "We are waiting for you in my car under the portico at the entrance of your building." I bid them all goodbye and kissed the women in turn, starting with 9 but doubling back after I kissed Jennifer and Lisa. I gave 9 a passionate kiss before I went out the door."
CINDERELLA MOUNTS HER COACH
The driver was holding the door to the car open for me. It was now Joyce's turn to give me that jaw dropping look. "Well, I wasn't expecting this?"
"I'm sorry, but you did say it was a formal evening, didn't you?"
"Yes, formal; drag, I'm not so sure."
"Do you want me to change?"
"No, no. Now that i think about it, I think it's entirely appropriate for my gigolo."
I touched my finger to her lips, "Your con-cu-bine!"
"Yes, of course, my con-cu-bine! Jaime, to Panzano!"
When we arrived, the driver, Jaime, let us out at the door. This was my first complete view of Joyce. I must admit, she looked stunning! She was wearing a long green satin open back formal dresses with a plunging neckline and with a leg slit practically up to her waist. I thought the open back, the neckline and the slit were all a bit risque for a 51-year old woman, but she pulled it off quite well. I examined her leg looking for varicose veins or age spots, but found none. Perhaps they were concealed by her nude stockings.
"Joyce, I must say, you look stunning."
"Apparently I have to, in order to compete with you my dear."
I was hoping she wasn't going to be all lovey dovey all evening but I found myself unable to resist the urge to give her a kiss. I kissed her on the lips, But I didn't linger too long. I didn't want to create any more of a scene that the sight of two lesbians, 27 years apart in age, kissing.
The maitre d' greeted us. or rather her, "Ah, Signorina Parker. It has been too, too long. Welcome back."
"Thank you, Guido. I hope you'll be seeing a lot more of us now. Please meet my companion Monica."
I interrupted to correct her. "She means her concubine, Monica." This was the first time I had corrected her in public.
Guido appeared nervous, but compliant. "Yes, your, how do you say, your concubine. How continental."
"We need to make an 8:00 curtain at the opera tonight. Is that going to be a problem."
"We may have to drop one course. But you won't miss a note. I believe they are performing La Boheme tonight." Guido started singing, "Ah, Che gelida manina!
Se la lasci riscaldar." He sang it quite well.
We were seated at the table and the waiter rushed over to take our order since he knew we were in a hurry. Guido said, "May I suggest the fritto misto, Caesar alla griglia, linguini di granchio, and agnello saltimbocca."
"You can read my mind," complimented Joyce.
"Signorina always had good taste, and me, I have just been blessed with good memory." With that the waiter disappeared. The wine steward appeared and before he could make a recommendation, Joyce told him, "We'll have the soave pieropan."
I didn't resent her ordering for both of us, after all it was basically Guido's recommendations. I did resent her not giving any credence to what I consider quite an extensive knowledge of fine foods and wine and not even consulting with me. This would have to be addressed. But not tonight.
I asked her, "Italian isn't one of my strong languages, But did I recognize calamari, linguini and crab, lamb and a Caeser's salad?"
"Very good, my dear. You seem quite educable. I may even be able to let you order soon."
"What was that Guido sang?"
"Che gelida manina!
Se la lasci riscaldar."
She recited it rather than sing it. She grabbed my hand,
"How cold your little hand is!
Let me warm it for you."
"No, I'm very comfortable."
"No, silly, that's what Rodolfo will be singing to Mimi in the first act."
I blushed. "I'm sorry. My first faux pas of the evening."
"Child, never be afraid of making a mistake. After all, how else can we learn."
I smiled, "Thank you." I kept my hand in hers.
I kicked the shoe off my right foot. and I took my bare foot and ran it up and down her leg. I had to be a contortionist but I was able to run my toe along the inside of her thigh. I came as close as I could to rubbing my toe into her pussy. I just wasn't that flexible, but she smile to reward my effort. "Are you going to try to toe-fuck me later? It's been awhile since I've had a toe massage my clitoris."
After the salad was served while we were waiting on the lamb, one of Joyce's friends came over to the table. "Joyce? we haven't seen you in so long."
"Yes, Myrtice. I've decided 5 years of mourning is entirely too much and I've decided to reenter our marvelous city's night life."
"Please introduce me to your stunning companion."
"Hello, I'm Monica. I'm not only her companion, I'm her concubine."
Myrtice smiled and said, "Impertinent little tart, isn't she." And she walked away.
Joyce was doing her best to suppress a guffaw. "This is so delightful. Why did I even hesitate when you negotiated to be referred to as my concubine. I can't wait until I let you loose on those tight sphinctered old blue hairs at the Opera."
"I guess I'm doing alright."
"Alright? you're doing spectacularly. Just keep it up."
We finished our meal. We left and Jaime took us to the opera house. We got out of the car. I got out first and helped Joyce out of the car. I extended my right hand to her and made sure my left hand grabbed the underside of her thigh through the slit in her dress to help her up. She showed her appreciation by smiling at me.
We were ushered to our seats on the 5th row. Was it my imagination or was their a murmur among the people around us as we took our seat. I made sure to turn up the volume of the murmur by leaning over as I helped her into her seat and kissing her passionately on the lips.
The orchestra began the overture. The curtain rose and soon Marcello was singing: Ho diacciate le dita quasi ancora
le tenessi immollate giù in quella
gran ghiacciaia che è il cuore di Musetta.
And my fingers are frozen -
as if I still were holding them
in that enormous glacier,
Musetta's heart.
Joyce and I held hands during the whole performance. She would lean over and kiss me during certain famous aria. I kissed her passionately at the end of Act 1. We went to the lobby during the break. Various friends of hers came over to greet her, and indirectly me. After she just introduced me as "Monica Ross" the first three times I would turn to her with a mock scowl and say, "My . . . .?" I soon had her trained to say, "My concubine." That was met with a whole spectrum of reactions from indignation to uproarious laughter. "My, Joyce, you are becoming so whimsical in your old age."
She gave no indication of disapproving of my acting this way except to lean over to me once and say, "I just wish they wouldn't refer to my old age."
I retorted, "You're only as old as you feel."
She leaned over and kissed me and whispered, "You make me feel like I'm 23 again. Thank you." I guess I was giving her her money's worth. And we hadn't even gotten to the bedroom yet.
In the second act Musetta made a dramatic entrance wearing a red ball gown, She sang the famous Musetta's Waltz: Quando men vo soletta per la via,
La gente sosta e mira
E la bellezza mia tutta ricerca in me
Da capo a pie'...
Ed assaporo allor la bramosia
Sottil, che da gli occhi traspira
E dai palesi vezzi intender sa
Alle occulte beltà.
Così l'effluvio del desìo tutta m'aggira,
Felice mi fa!
Even though there were supertitles above the stage giving a translation, Joyce leaned over and translated for me in a very soft voice so as not to disturb those around us:
When walking alone on the streets,
People stop and stare
And examine my beauty
From head to toe
And then I savor the cravings
which from their eyes transpires
And from the obvious charms they perceive
The hidden beauties.
So the scent of desire is all around me,
It makes me happy!
She whispered to me" Così l'effluvio del desìo tutta m'aggira,
Felice mi fa! So the scent of desire is all around me. It makes me happy!" We kissed passionately as the audience applauded.
During the 2nd intermission, I told Joyce I really liked Musetta. Here was a young woman who was offering her body to an older person all in return for material objects and social position. And in the bargain, she was driving her true love insane with jealousy.
After the opera, we were invited by some of her friends to a party. As we drove to the party, I removed my tuxedo jacket and my shirt. I had no bra. I put the jacket back on thus achieving the extremely provocative sexy look the clerk at the formal store had promised. Joyce smiled approvingly and commented, "My, you are a saucy little trollop, aren't you?" I just smiled and kissed her. I took her hands which were hesitant and placed them on my breasts.
At the party she showed me off to as many of her friends and associates as she could. Again, the reaction to me, to us, was mixed. Some were outraged at the disparity in our age, my outfit, the openness of our affection for one another, just the blunt acknowledgement by Joyce that she had found a gigolo, a concubine. Others were delighted by me, by her, by us.
We departed for her home, and I thought, "Well, now the big moment has arrived." Her house was huge, sitting on a full acre lot. She led me into the house by the hand and then into the kitchen. "Do you think this will be adequate for all the meals you'll be preparing here?" That one sentence brought back rather dramatically the long-term nature of what she expected out of our relationship.
I joked, "I hope I don't get lost in here. Do you mind if I get comfortable."
"No, of course not. I want you to feel at home at all times."
I removed my jacket, for good this time. She came over and placed her arms around me and lowered her head to caress my breasts. Other than kissing and hand holding, this was the most intimate contact we had had.
"Would you like a drink?"
"That would be nice." She poured me a generous glass of Jack Daniel's Black with a splash. She fixed herself a scotch and soda.
"Shall we retire to the bedroom, my dear?"
I allowed her to lead me up the stairs. We passed 3 bedrooms on the way to the master bedroom and there were still some more rooms down the hall.
When we got to her bedroom, I clumsily asked, "How are we going to do this? Do you want me to undress first? Do you want to undress first? Do you want me to undress myself or do you want to undress me?"
"Good grief, child. Did they never teach you the meaning of the word spontaneity?"
"I'm sorry. I'm just so anxious to please you. I didn't want to commit another faux pas.
"First of all, get me out of this god-awful dress." She moved over to me and I unzipped her. I lifted it over her head. She stood there with only her bra, stocking and what passed for an undergarment. "I laughed, I'm sorry, I've never seen anything like that." She was wearing a semi-rigid contraption that had a spandex covering for her pussy from which extended a semi rigid cord, for lack of a better word. It was held in place by placing the cord in the crack of her ass. Nothing else was holding it up.
"It's a C-string, my dear. Maybe you should invest in a few."
"I was wondering if you had on any undergarment since I didn't see anything through the slit in your dress."
"Did you think I was commando?"
"Actually, I did." I caressed her ass cheeks as I removed the C string. "My, how tight you butt cheek muscles are. I can't believe you held the C string in place all night long with just your fanny muscles. There, now you can breathe down there."
"Will you please remove my bra?"
Her bra was actually an adhesive bra that provided padding. There were no straps. it just stock to her. There was no strap in the back and none to interfere with her plunging neckline. "I was wondering how you pulled this off. I thought surely you were braless."
"No, no, child. A woman my age needs her support. Speaking of pulling off, would you please pull them off?"
"Will this hurt?"
"The adhesive is strong enough to stick but not enough to hurt. Not if you do it right."
I removed the two cups. There they were, staring at me like a couple of headlights. Well, maybe parking lights. She appeared to be a 34-B slightly bigger than me. This is all I need, given an inferiority complex about her breast size by a 51-year old woman. There was a little sag where gravity had taken its toll, But they still had a nice shape. I took each tit into my mouth, in turn. She moaned her appreciation. She placed her hands on my tits as I pleasured her. When I removed my head, she then started sucking my boobs.
"Please go to my bureau and pick out a nightgown that you like."
i though that was strange. A nightgown for her or for me? Was she going to undress, then get dressed for bed then have me undress her to make love to her?
Her entire wardrobe of nightgowns could only charitable be described as utilitarian. I picked out a short ivory silk number with no back and a plunging neckline, the most risque one I could find. "This one shows off your body very well."
"Do you think that my body deserves to be shown off?"
"You have a remarkable body. How do you keep yourself in shape?"
"Peliton. And HGH."
"HGH?"
"Human growth hormone. That is the true miracle drug."
"Let me take off my pants." I started unbuttoning my trousers when she stopped me.
"No, let me do it. I haven't opened any Christmas presents in 5 years. She removed my pants and there I was in my thong.
"Well, I like the window, but I don't like what I'm seeing in the window. You trim your cunt hair in the shape of a 9? Really?"
"It's a tribute I paid to 9."
"You knew I would see what you had down there tonight and you still decided to brazenly present yourself to me like that?"
"My cunt belongs to 9. You're just renting it for the night."
"You really know how to destroy a mood. Come to bed with me."
We climbed into bed. I was naked and she was in her nightgown. She turned her back to me."
I couldn't sleep knowing she was upset. About an hour later I decided to test her mood. I very gently rolled her over and crawled between her legs. I met no resistance. I lifted the hem of her nightgown and proceeded to pleasure her pussy. Her moans indicated she appreciated my affection. One crisis averted.
I was now able to sleep, at least until about 4:00. I glanced at the alarm clock on the night stand. I felt hands on my thighs moving up to my cunt. Sure enough, a tongue entered my vagina. It masterfully rolled around my pussy lips. It was obviously well practiced. It ministered to me for about 10 minutes then I had to give out a scream of delightful orgasm. I felt my pussy juices shooting out. I looked down and saw Joyce's face covered with my pussy juice. She was smiling; I would have been smiling but I was coming down from the mountaintop of ecstasy. When I had recovered sufficiently, I said, "Let me clean you off." She reached for a tissue box on the night table. "I don't need that." I then proceeded to lick my vagijuice off her face. We kissed one another profusely and fell into each others arms where we fell asleep.
TO BE CONTINUED