"Am I your boyfriend?" Richie asked Erin.
"No. What makes you think that?"
"So, like, fuck buddies?
"Yeah. Why?"
"There's a girl in my neighborhood. I've always liked her. She just broke up with her boyfriend."
Erin looked at Richie funny. "You wantmeto give you advice on gettin' with another girl?"
"I just wondered if you'd be, like, pissed or whatever."
Erin's eyes twinkled mischievously. "Not if we do a threeway."
Richie looked surprised. "She's, like, really normal, I don't think...she'd be..."
Erin laughed. "Holy shit! I'm just kidding! But shit, Richie. What am I?Notnormal?"
Richie just looked at her, not sure of what to say.
"Don't answer that. I'm just messin' with you," Erin smiled. "I'm glad you found somebody."
She wondered how much Richie would tell a girl about all the sex in his life — the x-rated photography, Kelsey, all the other girls. He had one hell of a sex life for a guy who was eighteen years old and only a few months past being a virgin.
—
"Hi, Richie. What's up?" a sweet female voice said.
"Oh, hi," he said. "I didn't know you were up here."
"Yeah, just a few classes." Abby had a book open, and a notebook she was writing in. The Student Center at the community college was humming with the low energy of students studying and socializing. "How are you? I heard you're taking photography."
"Yeah. Some English and math, too, to help me transfer somewhere. What are you taking?"
"Some science stuff," Abby said. "I'm thinking about pharmacy, maybe."
"Oh, yeah, that'd be good."
"Sit with me," she said. "You ever see anyone from school?"
"Not really. Kevin and Razor once in a while. Most everybody left for college."
"Yeah, it sucks," she said. "My social life dropped to nothing."
"I heard you and Stig broke up."
"Yeah. He was leaving for school anyway, but yeah, it's over."
"You wanna maybe do something sometime?" Richie asked.
"Yeah!" Abby said. Her face brightened considerably. Word on the street at the time of their high school graduation was that Richie was a virgin. She thought that might be a little awkward, but she'd always liked him and was happy to have a date.
They met that evening at Gambo's Pizza. They sat in a booth and ordered garlicky breadsticks and calzones. Mountain Dew washed it down.
"I saw you here a couple months ago," Abby said, her face smirky but gentle. "You were with the best looking girl in the place."
Richie realized it was Kelsey she was talking about. "Oh," he said, looking nervous. "She's a friend of mine. She...took me out for my birthday."
Abby wondered if the girl was an escort of some sort, but Richie didn't seem the type. The 'friend' was certainly affectionate, Abby remembered, and stunning looking. "Did you have fun?" she asked.
Richie blushed bright red. Abby could see he was embarrassed, so she didn't press him for an answer. The rest of the meal was much less stressful for Richie, with pleasant conversation and laughter.
"Wanna drink some wine?" Abby asked when they were through. "My mom and dad just left for New York City. They're going to a couple of Broadway shows, so I've got the wine cellar all to myself this weekend."
"Wine cellar?"
"It's not as fancy as it sounds, but there's enough so they never notice when a bottle or two goes missing."
"Nice! I never knew you were so devious," Richie smiled.
"And I never knew you had dates with redheads on your birthday. I'm tired of having a good reputation, anyway."
"Why would you be tired of that?"
"Why? Whywouldn'tI? You know, Richie. You're sorta the same."
Richie nodded. He'd gone through high school being a 'good boy', and it wasn't much fun. The reputation still followed him, even though he was having more sex than the town stud.
Back at Abby's house, it didn't take long for her to make her desires known. She wasn't a highly sexed girl, but she was in the middle of a dry spell since breaking up with Stig. Richie seemed like a nice, safe boy to maybe have a friends-with-benefits thing with. It wasn't something she'd ever tried before, but some of her friends talked about that kind of thing.
Ten minutes later Richie was behind Abby, fucking her with long, steady strokes. He'd learned from Kelsey and the girls how to maintain a nice pace for a prolonged period of time. Abby had never experienced such a long, relentless build-up, and after he'd been at it for a while she had an orgasm that warped her mind. Richie held her hips tightly, working his cock deep inside her while her body trembled and quaked. He loved the reaction — it was almost as wonderful as Charity's never-ending body spasms.
When Abby's shaking thighs and twitching body started to calm, he started fucking again, hoping to overlap orgasm number two right into the first one, the way he'd learned with the girls. It was too much for Abby.
"No!...No!" she said, pushing their bodies apart. She pulled one knee to her chest and held it with her arms, still trembling. "Fffuuckk!" she whispered.
Richie sat back on his feet, wondering if he'd hurt her, or done something she didn't like.
"Godddd!" Abby whispered breathlessly, glancing shyly up at him as another tremble racked her body. "Jesus, Richie! How did youdothat!"
"Do what? Are you okay?"
"Dowhat? Fuck, Richie! I guess I know what an orgasm is now!"
"You've never...?"
"No, I mean I sorta have, but not likethat. Stig always...couldn't really last until I..."
"So, it was good? I thought maybe you wanted to stop."
"Stop? You mean you're not done?" she asked. She glanced at Richie's cock, still mostly hard, bobbing up and down with his heartbeat.
"No, but we can be done if you want. I mean..."
"Richie, what the fuck. How come word never got around school about you?"
"You mean...about sex? You guys talked about that?"
"A little. About guys that were supposed to be good and everything. I never did anything about it, like some of the girls. They wanted to try all the guys who were supposed to be good. I never heard your name mentioned." Abby propped herself up on her elbows. She smiled and reached for Richie's cock. "What are you, like Clark Kent or something?"
Richie smiled. Having Abby Lindeman's hand wrapped around his cock was the stuff of dreams. "I wanna watch you," he said as he flopped on his back. He reached for Abby, pulling her up for a ride. She giggled as she settled down on his hardness, and proceeded to ride herself to a second, eye-rolling orgasm. Watching Abby's face was too much for Richie — he lifted her off his red-hot cock, grabbed it in his fist and blew like a geyser.
"Fuck, Richie!" Abby gasped. She reached for the hot shaft, stroking it with a nice squeeze as slippery cum oozed onto her fingers. "That was...unbelievable," she said, watching her sticky fingers slide on the warm, hard flesh. She smiled sweetly. "Please tell me you can do that to me every time."
Richie smiled. Abigail Lindeman likes me! And she's naked, with her hand on my cock!
Abby reached for some tissues to clean up the mess while Richie reclined against some big pillows. Abby smiled sweetly again as she wiped the mess off his shrinking cock. She lay down up against the side of him, with her arm draped over his chest.
"You're different than I thought, Richie. I've never just laid with a guy like this. Stig and me, we always...covered up after."
"Really? We can if you want."
"No. This is nice." Abby's smile flared up again, but Richie couldn't see it. "You seem really comfortable with yourself. I mean, you should be, you're really cute, but I didn't expect you to be so..."
"What?"
"Sexy, I guess," Abby said. "Do you have a girlfriend?"
"Not, like, a real one, no."
"What doesthatmean?" Abby asked, lifting her head to look Richie in the eye. "You don't have one of those blow-up things, do you?"
"No!" Richie chuckled. "Just, some...friends."
"Friends with benefits, you mean? Who, Richie?" Abby's eyes were inquisitive, darting back and forth between Richie's. "Somebody from school? Who hooked up with you?"
Richie smiled. "It's a secret."
"Good answer," Abby smiled. "That means you won't tell anybody about me."
"Oh, tryin' to trick me, huh?" Richie teased. His hand went to Abby's wet pussy. "Tricky girls have to pay."
"Pay?" she giggled. Richie's fingers went inside her, making her moan. "How much?"
Richie didn't answer. His fingers went to work the way Kelsey had taught him, curling inside to the G spot while his thumb squeezed Abby's clit.
"Ohh ssshiitt!" she breathed. Her body went limp, flat on her back. A heavenly heat built in her, working it's tingling way all the way out to the tips of her fingers and toes. "Richie...!" she whispered. "Richie...!" The words stopped and her mouth opened. Her back arched high off the bed as a deep, full-body orgasm washed through her like a tsunami. When it was over Richie rolled her onto her stomach and mounted her jockey style, spreading her small ass cheeks with his hands so he could watch his cock sink into her pussy again.
"Fffuuckk!" she gasped. "Richie...!"
Richie groaned as he started to fuck again. He felt like a real live stud for the first time in his life, in total control as he fucked his dream girl, using all the carnal knowledge he'd been amassing.
"Holy shit Richie...!" Abby sighed. Yet another orgasm was building. She huffed out hot breath, clutching at the bed sheets with white knuckles as Richie fucked her to a thrilling, gasping finish.
Abby could barely move afterward, but she wanted to do something for Richie. For some reason she couldn't fathom, he was still hard, so she took his cock into her mouth. She wasn't really a blowjob girl — Stig had only received them on special occasions — but Richie had done things to her she couldn't imagine. He deserved all she could give him. It went beyond that, though, once she got the sticky, fragrant cock in her mouth. The beautiful hard thing had unleashed something in her that day, a completely new kind of orgasmic wonderfulness, so she went a little wild on it with her mouth. She surprised herself, and kind of liked it.
Richie liked it too. He looked down at his cock in Abigail Lindeman's hungry mouth, let his mind go, and came. He held her head gently in his hands, grunting as his body tensed. Abby let it happen, hungry to taste semen for the first time. There wasn't much, due to his huge geyser earlier in the proceedings, but it was a good first taste, sexy and carnal and oh so naughty. She even swallowed, without really thinking about it, as she mouthed her new favorite cock to softness.
When it was all over Abby didn't know what to say. She lay snuggled with Richie for a while, reveling in the most extraordinary sexual experience of her life.
"I wanna know how you know so much," she said, breaking a long, relaxing silence. "Back in school you weren't like this, were you?"
"No," Richie said, deciding to be honest. "I met a girl, through my photography. My neighbor hired me to take pictures of her, for advertising, for his website."
"Let me guess, the girl with the red hair, from the restaurant?"
"Yup."
"And?
"And what?"
Abby propped her head up on her elbow. "She just taught you lots of stuff? I probably seem really inexperienced compared to her."
"No! You're awesome!"
"Good answer," Abby smiled. "So, how long have you known her?"
"Just a few months."
"Really? She must be a hell of a teacher!"
"She's got friends. I just...sorta fell into the middle of it."
"What do you mean? Like other girls you mean?"
"Girls and guys."
"Wait...like, sex friends, you mean?"
"If I tell you, are you gonna tell your friends?"
"No. You know me. I'm not like that."
"Her name's Kelsey. She went to our school, like, four or five years ahead of us I guess. They all did, except for Charity."
"How many of them are there?"
"I don't know. I've met, like, five girls and three guys I guess. There's more that they talk about."
"And they're all...sex friends?"
"Yeah. They call it a Slut Club."
"Holy shit! Richie! For real?"
"Yeah."
"And you're one of them?"
"Not really. Well...sort of, yeah."
"Do you have meetings?"
"What do you mean?"
"You said it's a club. Clubs have meetings."
"No," Richie chuckled. "It's not, like, formal or anything. They just all sorta...share each other."
Abby's eyes got big. "You mean they'recouples? Like,swingers?"
"Sort of, I guess, yeah. Some of them. They're not married or anything."
"So, how many of the girls have you been with?"
"All of them."
"Allof them? Holy shit, Richie!"
"It's not just me. I mean, everybody's sorta been with everybody."
"Wow," Abby said quietly, shaking her head in disbelief. "Richie, you're a swinger."
"I'm not a swinger," Richie said. Abby looked unconvinced.
"So does it happen at parties?" she asked.
"Yeah, but...it happens all the time really. It doesn't really matter who's around. Kelsey's sort of...just really into it."
"So she's the red haired girl, huh? She was super beautiful. Are the other ones pretty?"
"Oh, yeah."
"And the boys? What do they look like?"
"Good, I guess. Kelsey's boyfriend looks like a model or something."
"Really? I guess he would, with her looking like she does. And she just lets him...go with the other girls?"
Richie nodded. At first he was surprised that Abby was so interested. She never struck him as the type of girl who would be really into sex, but he guessed Kelsey and her friends were sort of new and different. He was so close to it all he didn't even think of them as unusual anymore.
"Wanna see her?" he asked.
Abby looked excited. He took his phone from his pants pocket and sat back down on the bed. Abby sat behind him, leaning against his warm back, looking over his shoulder. He opened his browser and pulled up the Jeep photos from Koop's website.
"My neighbor sells Jeeps. These are the pictures I took for him."
"Oh my God," Abby said. "She's...oh my God."
Richie scrolled through all the listings, picture after picture of Kelsey in various tiny bikinis and vintage lingerie.
"She really likes you, Richie. I can see it in her eyes," Abby said. "God, she's amazing looking. I can't believe you... got with her."
"Yeah, me neither."
"Do you have pictures of the others?"
"No."
"She looks nice. She's got a nice-person face. Can I meet her sometime?"
Richie looked bemused. "You want too?"
"Yeah. Can I?"
"She's different. You can't really just 'meet' her."
"What do you mean?" Abby giggled. "Are you afraid she's gonna recruit me?"
"She likes girls, too, and you're..."
"I'm what?" Abby smiled.
"Abby, are you sure that's something you want to get into?"
"Do you not want me to?"
"No, it's not that. I mean, it'd be cool, but..."
"Don't worry about me, Richie. If you can do it, I can too. I just spent the last hour learning how backward I've been. I'd kinda like to maybe...try a little."
Richie was surprised at the turn of events, but excited by it. He'd always thought Abby was sexy, in a girl-next-door kind of way. She still looked that way, much more girlish than Kelsey and the others, but naked on her bed she was sexy all right. Her tits weren't too far beyond flat-chested, but somehow they looked perfect on her thin frame, and her tiny, bubble-butt ass was an eye catcher. Richie had a vision of Austin's huge cock cleaving Abby's small body in half, and he wondered if she'd become a screamer like Charity.
"It can get kinda...intense. The guys are..."
"Don't tell me they're better than you, because I won't believe it," Abby said. "If you think I'm not good enough just tell me. I'll understand. I mean, it's not like I'm experienced."
"No! I'll ask her. I'm sure she'll say yes, but I'll ask her."
Abby's face changed. Richie didn't see it because they were both looking at a picture of Kelsey in her favorite chartreuse-green bikini, but it was a look of quiet panic. Joining a sex club was the farthest thing from Abby's mind when she ran into Richie in the Student Center, and yet there she was, hurtling down a road toward casual sex as she'd never known it. Somehow, with Richie at her side, it felt right.
Richie's thumbs skittered across his phone.
"Are you texting her?" Abby asked. Her heart beat faster as she waited for an answer.
"Yup."
—Can I bring a friend over sometime? She'd like to meet you.
—Sure honey. You don't have to ask. Unless...do you want us dressed?
—No. Just be you.
—Brie and Char have a teacher meeting tomorrow night. Wanna keep me company around 7? Austin might be here.
—Yes. See you then. What's the password to watch your porn?
—tuckerslut69. Smooches honey :-)
"Seven o'clock tomorrow," Richie said. "Her roommates won't be home, but her boyfriend might be there. Is that okay?"
Abby tried to keep the terror she was feeling from showing on her face. "Yeah. I can't wait to meet her."
"So, she made porn when she was in college," Richie said. "I'm gonna write this password down for you, so you can watch it later. Her name was Cinnamon Sugar. She had really long hair back then."
"Richie! How can you say that so casually? Oh my God! She madeporn?!
"Yeah. It's kinda wicked hot."
"Holyshhitt!" Abby said, leaping off the bed to get her laptop. "Show me!"
"God, she's...holy shit! Richie! She's...!"
Richie smiled. He had the same reaction every time he laid eyes on one of Kelsey's videos. "I know. She's awesome."
"Did she teach you...what you did with me?"
"I guess." Richie blushed and smiled a little.
"Oh my God!" Abby said as she watched the scene. "Look at how cute that guy is!"
"I think his name's Billy," Richie said. "She worked with him a lot, but there's a lot more with other guys, too. She said they were all really nice."
Abby was wide-eyed as she watched Billy's huge cock slither all the way down Kelsey's throat.
"I can't do that," Abby said. "God! Think how far in her throat that must be!" She and Richie sat and watched, leaning against the wall next to Abby's bed. "I can't believe I'm watching porn with a boy," she said. She glanced up at Richie shyly. "Just sitting around naked like this is so different and nice. Stig was never this relaxed. I guess I wasn't either."
"You should be," Richie said. "You're so beautiful."
"You been drinkin'? I'm skinny and I need a boob job. I couldn't be more different looking than her," Abby said, as her eyes drifted back to the laptop monitor. The deep-throat blowjob was over. Kelsey was up on her tip-toes, bent at the waist so Billy could fuck her. A close-up showed the penetration.
"Ssshiitt!" Abby said quietly as she watched. Richie's cock caught her eye as it swelled and rose up into the air. "You're hard again?" she said. Her face showed her disbelief.
"I wanna fuck you again."
Abby giggled with surprise. She'd never heard dirty talk from a boy, and she was amazed at Richie's horny prowess. "Okay."
She started to close the laptop, but Richie stopped her.
"Leave that on."
Abby giggled nervously again. When it came to sex, she'd never met a boy who was interesting before. Stig was boring and by-the-books, and her first boyfriend didn't have a clue. Richie was turning out to be fascinating and exciting, something she didn't really expect. She set the laptop on the foot of the bed, facing them, and giggled when she turned up the volume a little.
Richie took her thin waist in his hands and guided her to her hands and knees. They both watched Billy's big cock slide in and out of Kelsey as their own fucking commenced. "Ohh fffuuckk!" Abby sighed as Richie got into a rhythm. She had a feeling her life had changed.
—
"You're the girl from the pizza place! Hi! I'm Kelsey!"
"Hi, Kelsey, I'm Abby. What pizza place?"
"Gambo's. I was there with Richie one night. He was watching you. A girl notices," Kelsey smiled.
Abby gave Richie a confused look. How could he be out with Kelsey and be thinking about me, she wondered? It made no sense at all to Abby.
"I like your house," Abby said. "This is really nice."
"Thanks, Honey. The friends I live here with are out at a work thing, but my boyfriend's on his way over."
Kelsey was dressed. Her mom had taught her that new guests are sometimes uncomfortable around nudity, so at the last minute she'd decided to put on stretchy jeans and a plain white t-shirt. Her body was still plenty eye-popping, though, with her braless big tits loose and nippley under the shirt. Abby had never seen anyone quite so sexy.
"I love your hair," Abby said.
"Oh, thanks, Honey! I just had it tuned-up. A friend of mine cuts it. She went even shorter this time. I think it's cool."
"It definitely is," Abby said. She wanted to reach out and touch it — one side razor-cut shorter than the other, with a longer, sexy looking top — but she didn't. Kelsey would have loved it if she had.
"So how long have you guys been hangin' out?" Kelsey asked.
"I ran into her at the Student Center yesterday," Richie said.
"Cool," Kelsey said. "Let me guess...you're taking dance."
"Is it that obvious?" Abby said. "I'm mostly taking biology and stuff for pharmacy school, but I'm taking modern dance, too. I've done ballet since I was a kid."
"You've got an awesome dancer body," Kelsey said. "Really sexy."
Abby couldn't believe someone who looked like Kelsey would say such a thing.Mylittle flat-chested self? You thinkI'msexy?
They went into the kitchen where Kelsey poured them each the single glass of wine she offered to guests who were younger than drinking age. She had a feeling they'd be there a while, though, so she used the big glasses and filled them up.
"So how did you get into modeling?" Abby asked.
"Oh, I don't know," Kelsey said. "I guess I've never really thought about it. Maybe because of my mom's pictures? Yeah, I guess they had a pretty big effect on me."
"Your mom modeled?" Richie asked.
"Just for fun. My dad took pictures of her, with other guys and stuff."
"You've seen them?" Richie asked. He and Abby both looked surprised. Richie had heard about Kelsey's parents swinging, but the concept was still a bit foreign to him. To Abby it was a whole new world.
"Yeah, I found a box of 'em a long time ago," Kelsey said. "They're super hot."
"Holy cow!" Richie said, using one of his father's favorite expressions.
Kelsey smiled. "I know, it's crazy, right? My parents, the swingers."
Abby's eyes were still big with surprise. Kelsey thought it was cool that Richie was bringing her into it all, but she thought she'd better lay out the ground rules, for her parents sake if nothing else.
"Don't tell anyone, okay Abby?" she said. "Swingers like to go sorta under the radar, you know what I mean?"
"Oh, yeah," Abby said. "Totally."
"Damn, Richie. Now I know why you had the hots for her. She's super cute."
Abby looked at Richie. She couldn't believe what she was hearing. Her heart was pounding. Her mind flashed from Richie's innocence in high school to all the orgasms he'd given her the night before. An image of Kelsey from the porn site popped into her head, sweat literally dripping from her big tits as a huge black man named Dante fucked her hard.
Richie's head was spinning, too. He wasn't surprised that Kelsey outed him like that, but it embarrassed him nonetheless and he blushed. Both he and Abby were saved from the awkwardness by Austin walking in through the side door.
"Hi, Honey," Kelsey said.
"Hi," he said. "Hi, Richie, how's it goin'?"
"Good," Richie said.
"Richie brought his friend Abby over," Kelsey said.
"Oh, hi," Austin said, looking a bit shy. Cute girls always affected him that way at first.
"Hi," Abby said quietly. She was shy, too. Austin was a gorgeous guy, and as soon as she saw him she knew who he was. Her older brother was on the varsity soccer team when Austin was one of the star players. Abby was thirteen at the time, just coming into her womanly feelings and desires. Seeing Austin again, matured into a delicious looking twenty-two-year-old, was a bit breathtaking. Coming to the quick realization he was Kelsey's boyfriend and a member of the Slut Club was downright earth shattering. "I'm Paulie's sister," she blurted out. "Paulie Lindeman."
"No fuckin' way!" Austin said. "I remember you!"
Abby's body went into heart-pounding full-blush mode again.
"You and your friends came to all the games," Austin said. "Some of us guys wanted to...well, I shouldn't say."
"You guys wanted to fuck the jail bait?" Kelsey said.
Austin blushed, and Kelsey smiled.
"This is cool," Kelsey said. She loved sexual tension almost as much as the great sex that followed it. "Abby, did you ever get with any of them?"
"No! We were only, like, thirteen, and really shy."
"Yeah, I was a late bloomer, too. I was eighteen before Austin popped my cherry."
"Really?" Abby asked. That's..."
"Surprising, right? Considering what's happened since then," Kelsey chuckled.
"So you guys have been together all that time?"
"No, Austin wasn't my boyfriend, until, like, a month ago. Our first time together was just at a party. It's actually where my friends and I started...Richie, did you tell her about everybody?"
Richie nodded.
"Your club, you mean?" Abby said.
"Yeah," Kelsey smiled. "What do you think about it?"
"Oh...I...think...it's cool, I guess. I mean, it is...cool."
Kelsey smiled. "Good. I know some girls think the whole slut thing's bad. But me, I just think it's like a badge of honor. It's like, yeah, I think sex is like super fun and I'm just going to enjoy it. That's what being a slut is to me. Someone who really gets what sex is all about and makes the most of it."
Abby was fascinated. Kelsey was all that she'd expected and more. Kelsey's definition of what a slut is seemed spot-on, even though Abby had never really thought about it before. When she took everything into consideration — the ridiculously hot body, the swinger parents, the porn career, the skills she'd taught Richie — Kelsey seemed like the ultimate roll model for an eighteen-year-old girl trying to figure out her own sexuality. Abby wanted to sign up for her class, and when she glanced at Austin, she hoped he would be the assistant professor.
"So how...like...exclusive is it?" she asked shyly.
"The Slut Club?" Kelsey said. "Oh, Honey, you're in! I mean, if you wanna be."
Abby's body tensed and her rising blood pressure nearly blew her head off. Kelsey could tell it was a big moment for the young girl.
"So how sexy is dancing?" she asked. "I always thought it must be super sexy. Do the guys ever get boners in those body suits they wear?"
Abby laughed. Some of the tension drained away, and she took a big sip of wine.
"A couple times, I think," she said. "There's like, a lot of padding down there, at least when we were young in ballet. The modern dance at the college is a lot more..."
"Bigger dicks?"
"Yeah," Abby smiled. "They're a lot more out there."
"Do they let you rub on 'em?" Kelsey asked.
"Yeah. I mean, sometimes you do, just as part of the choreography. It's not supposed to be sexual or anything."
"Have you got mirrors at home? With one of those rail things you put your leg up on and stuff?"
"Yeah, in my basement."
"Richie, you need to fuck her down there!" Kelsey said. "How cool would that be!"
Abby was thrilled with the free-wheeling conversation. None of her friends talked about sex the way Kelsey did.
"Have you ever danced naked down there, in front of the mirrors?" Kelsey asked.
"No," Abby said. "That might be fun, though."
"How cool would it be if your father and his friends were watching, like through a heater vent or something," Kelsey smiled.
Abby's eyes flared. She'd never thought about her father that way, but a couple of his friends...
"So what do you think about the being on stage thing?" Kelsey asked. "Do you like it, or is it scary?"
"I like it. I got used to it really young, with the ballet recitals. I was only five when I started."
"Cool," Kelsey said. She was wondering how Abby would fare in a group sex situation — would she enjoy being on display, letting others watch her tiny dancer body get split apart by a huge cock? Austin just happened to have one handy...
"Will you do something for me, as your first club activity?" Kelsey asked.
Abby tensed up again and her blood pressure spiked. "Okay," she said. Saying no to Kelsey didn't seem like an option.
"Don't worry, it'll be fun," Kelsey smiled. "It'll be like a performance. You and Austin, gettin' all sweaty while me and Richie watch."
Abby and Richie both had the same 'Holy shit!' thought. It wasn't bad, though, for either of them. Richie was strangely excited by the idea, and Abby, she'd had dreams about Austin Lowe and his soccer teammates for five years, all the way through her awkward puberty.
"You don't mean dancing, do you," she said shyly.
"No, Honey! Fucking! You wanna fuck him, don't you? You can pretend you're thirteen and it's your first time."
Abby swallowed hard. Shedidwant to fuck him, and she assumed since she was going to be in the club she would be with him at some point, maybe even that night. But to do it like a performance, with Richie watching no less, well, that was so far out there she never in a million years would have though of it herself.
"I know Austin likes the idea because his pants are lumpin' up," Kelsey smiled. "You probably make guys hard all the time, just walkin' around."
"You're crazy," Abby said, looking down at her lean dancer body. "I look nothing like you or the others on your website. A porn guy would laugh at me."
"Holy fuck, Honey! Are youkidding?" Kelsey said. "All right, we got some work to do on your self esteem. I tell you what, our friends are gonna be really good for you. Before long you'll know what's real —you're wicked cute and wicked hot. The guys'll be fallin' all over themselves to fuck you. Right, Austin?"
"Yeah," he said, looking shy and a little goofy.
"See, you made him shy. Trust me, only cute girls do that to him," Kelsey said. "Show her, Austin. Kiss that girl."
Austin stepped in front of Abby, looking down into her upward gazing eyes. He craned his neck to the side and kissed her with soft lips, gently, with a softly probing tongue.
Abby couldn't believe she was kissing Austin Lowe. She wondered if she could tell her friends, or if that would be breaking the club rules. All that conventional thought melted away as the kiss smoldered.
"Get a room, you two," Kelsey giggled. "Let's go upstairs."
The kissing lips separated. Abby's eyes looked different, still gazing up at handsome Austin, but some of the concern that showed in them was replaced with budding lust. She wasn't comfortable, though, that was for sure. She went nervously to Richie's side and took his arm.
"To the big bed, my babies!" Kelsey happily commanded.
Richie shook his head and smiled. "She's crazy," he said, looking down at Abby's pretty eyes.
Abby was sure Richie was right, but Kelsey's kind of crazy was exciting. Hers was a new and wild kind of living, and Abby wanted in.
"Is this cool, Richie?" Austin asked quietly as the foursome moved toward the stairway.
"Oh, yeah," Richie said. "As long as Abby thinks so."
She smiled at Richie, squeezing his arm tighter. "I do," she said.
Kelsey smiled as she led the way. She liked Abby's answer, and she loved having new people join the group. As she rounded the corner into her bedroom she seated Richie in her makeup chair and ducked into Brie's room for hers.
"It's cool that you like audiences," she said when she sat down next to Richie.
"This isn't really what I meant," Abby said. "You really want us to...do it? Right here? In front of you?"
"Sure. It'll be hot, you'll see. Austin's used to it. He gets off on it."
Abby looked unconvinced. She had no reason to think Austin wouldn't be happy to show off, but her own ability to let herself go like that was doubtful.
"Just pretend we're not here if you need to," Kelsey said. "We can be quiet if you want, but I'm an old cheerleader, so it's not easy for me to keep my mouth shut."
"No, that's okay," Abby said nervously. "Quiet might be harder."
"That's the spirit," Kelsey smiled. "Look at that, you got him hard already. Feel that lump. He's a big boy."
Abby reached rather tentatively for the crotch in question. Richie wondered if Austin's eight-incher would affect how Abby felt about his own much more average length, but he remembered the nice orgasms he gave her and didn't worry about it anymore. Seeing the look on Abby's face as she gently squeezed the hard lump was exciting. Richie settled in for the show.
Austin could sense he needed to take the lead, so he unfastened his pants and unzipped. Abby's face was beautiful — nervous, excited, horny, all of it tinged with the unknown. It was a look of youthful, lusty wonder.
Kelsey was about to encourage her, but it wasn't needed. Abby's hand slipped under the waistband of Austin's underwear. A breathy sigh left her mouth and Austin kissed her.
"Yeah, baby," Kelsey said. "A hot cock and a hot kiss."
Abby wanted to giggle but the hot cock was just too astonishing. The feel of it overwhelmed her senses and she moaned, deep and breathy.
Kelsey loved it. She glanced at Richie, reached for his hand and held it in hers on her thigh.
Austin pulled Abby's t-shirt off over her head, tousling her hair. She was wearing a bra, which made Kelsey smile.
"You're gonna have to throw those bras in the trash, Honey," she said. "If I don't need 'em, you sure as heck don't. Let your nips out into the world. Guys love 'em."
That time Abby did giggle.
"Holy fuck you're cute," Kelsey said. "I wish I was Austin right now."
Abby gathered her courage and took of her bra. Her nipples were as awesomely cute as Kelsey had imagined.
"Fuckyeah!" she said. "Those are sweet nips."
Austin's wasted no time getting his mouth on them. Abby giggled again, but it was all breath. Her face looked more relaxed, but all the excitement remained.
She tugged at Austin's t-shirt, so he flung it off.
"Oh my God!" she said quietly, looking at, and touching, Austin's perfectly sculpted chest and abs.
"Nice, huh?" Kelsey said. "You should see the older women when they get with him."
Abby briefly wondered about them — who they were, how many of them there were— but a moment later she was lost in Austin again. He pushed his pants and underwear down and stepped out of them.
Abby froze. She stared at the unbelievable sight in front of her — Austin Lowe, naked, with a massively hard cock. The sight of him was so extraordinary she almost fainted. Luckily the bed was right next to her so when her knees went weak she had a place to land.
Austin thought she was getting into position for some cock sucking, so he advanced, right in close to her face. Abby was delirious. She reached for the stunning cock and shoved it into her mouth, none to gracefully.
"Yeah, girl. Suck that cock," Kelsey quietly cheered.
Abby barely made sense of the words. The taste of hot flesh, the scent of Austin's manhood, the eyes watching her — it was all way more intoxicating than the wine. She could feel herself slipping farther and farther from reality.
"Oh, God!" Austin blurted. He was in a happy place, too. His big cock filled Abby's small mouth. Her dragging teeth and exploring tongue hit him with jolt after jolt of awesomeness.
"That's fuckin' hot," Kelsey said quietly.
Richie agreed, but didn't say anything. The sight of Abby sucking a big eight-incher had his rapt attention. He didn't even want to blink.
"I can't wait to see your pussy, Honey," Kelsey said. "I'm gettin' all wet just thinkin' about it."
Abby's eye grew big with surprise and she smiled. The big cock slipped out of her mouth and she looked at Kelsey with wonder. She'd watched enough of the porn to know Kelsey could make a girl cum just as easily as the men. Being with a girl was something Abby had never experienced. When her eyes met Kelsey's she knew that was about to change.
Austin groaned when she sucked him back in, her mouth vibrating with her own moans as she went a little wild on him. Her horniness was cranked and her hands went to her leggings, tugging them down over her slender hips and her little bubble-butt ass.
She did her best to keep the slippery cock in her mouth while she stripped herself bare, gobbling up the fleshy shaft with wet, sloppy urgency.
"Your fuckin' body's killer, girl," Kelsey praised.
It was all so new and exciting to Abby — the praise for things she'd been uncomfortable with in the past. She gathered up Austin's man parts in her hands and sucked and licked every inch, her tongue even reaching far under his balls toward his asshole, somewhere she'd never gone with another boy. Her sexy little moans were sweet music.
Austin reached for her arms and guided her up onto the bed, on her hands and knees looking back at him. Her ass was wide open to her spectators, and the adrenaline rush was intense.
"Holy shit Abby, your ass is so nice!" Kelsey said. "Oh my God!"
Deep, animalistic breaths pumped out of the girl as she looked at Kelsey and Richie. Austin's hand slipped down between her ass cheeks to her slippery pussy, a beautiful, puffy lipped piece of femininity.
"That's the kind of pussy nobody can resist," Kelsey said, her voice soft and reverent.
Abby groaned when Austin's fingers broke through the glistening surface, disappearing inside.
A few moments later she cried out softly when his mouth found the same spot, his warm, licking tongue tasting and exploring.
Kelsey squeezed Richie's hand when Austin rose up on his knees and pressed his cock into the beautiful pinkness. The sight was breathtaking, as was Abby's lovely cry.
"Fffuuck!" Kelsey whispered.
Abby heard her. She turned her head to her rapt audience, sitting quietly in their chairs. With Austin's big cock deeper inside her than anyone had ever been, she looked into Richie's eyes and had a sudden, gut twisting orgasm. Austin held her spasming body tight and gave her a solid thrust. It was mind altering and life changing.
She held her astonished looking gaze on Richie and let her hips start to move. Austin knelt still and watched the pretty, young pussy fuck him, Abby's body moving smoothly, sensuously.
"Yeah!" Kelsey praised. "A fuckin' dancer girl!"
Abby's orgasm had been a big one, a full-body affair that left her in an altered state, both physically and mentally. She milked the feeling and let it build again. Her head turned away from her adoring fans as the magic started to swell inside her.
"Fuck me," she sighed quietly, ready for Austin to take charge. "Fuck me."
Austin's hips joined with hers in the beautiful carnal dance. The choreography was instinctual, the performance intense. Abby had experienced a few opening nights before, and loved the heightened sense of excitement they always brought with them, but there on Kelsey's bed, unencumbered by costume, with a stunning and willing leading man, she was experiencing the concept of performance at a whole new level. Something deep in her psyche loved it even more than she could explain. It was the most powerful, mind altering feeling, like a drug she wanted a lot more of.
"Ohhh yeah!" she cried quietly. Her body and mind were on auto-pilot, fucking with stunningly beautiful sensuality. "Ohhhfuckyeaahhh!"
Her head turned slowly to her audience again, and orgasm number two grew from a smolder to a raging fire.
"Holy shit Abby!" Kelsey said, squeezing Richie's hand again right in the middle of it. "I'm cummin' just lookin' at your face!"
It took Abby a few minutes to regain her composure. Fucking Austin was more than a little magical, and you don't walk back from something like that casually. When he pulled his big cock out and left her empty, she swiveled around and sucked the sticky thing into her mouth. Like she felt after Richie had fucked her, cock sucking suddenly felt oh so right. Her two new lovers gave her an appreciation for the way all the porn girls sucked on cocks, something she'd never understood before. Austin's was a particular mouthful, but she did her best and loved the way she had to stretch her lips to let it fill her. Oh my God, she wondered, what did this huge thing look like in my pussy? No wonder they were watching the way they were!
"Are you guys just gonna sit there all night, or what?" she asked, her eyes lusty from the steamy warmth and carnal scent of the big eight-inch cock just millimeters from her mouth. She gobbled it up again and moaned.
Kelsey giggled and got up, pulling Richie to his feet. Her t-shirt and stretchy jeans were off in no time. She climbed onto the bed while Richie was undressing.
"Can you do a split, Abby?" Kelsey asked. "Let me see how wide your legs go."
Abby giggled nervously. The nervousness felt odd after the otherworldly first act. Kelsey's touch did nothing to calm it.
"You gettin' shy, Honey?" Kelsey asked.
Abby didn't answer, but her eyes told the story. Kelsey figured it was the girl/girl thing, Abby probably hadn't done that before. It was true, and Abby was a bit shell-shocked to be naked on a bed with another naked girl, but it was more than that. She suddenly felt completely inadequate as a woman. Kelsey's body was just so out of this world, so powerfully, viscerally womanly, it left Abby feeling like a flat-chested teenager.
"God I love your dancer body!" Kelsey said, at just the right moment.
"Really?" Abby said. "Why?"
"Holy fuck, girl, are you kidding? You move like a...like a woman. I've never seen anything sexier."
Abby was astonished. She had a pretty good idea Kelsey was a truth-teller, but she still had trouble believing what she'd said.
"Fuckin hot," Kelsey said, just as her mouth met Abby's.
Abby was shocked again, but it didn't last. It only took a few seconds to feel the sexual heat, and her orgasmically altered mind melted into the new feelings. Austin reclined against the wall and Richie sprawled out on the end of the bed, both of them watching as Kelsey swept the new girl up in her sensual world.
Abby moaned into Kelsey's mouth when her hands found the redhead's big tits. Abby had often wondered what big, squishy tits felt like, and her hands explored them with softly squeezing enthusiasm. At first she avoided Kelsey's big, hard nipples. Her thinking brain said, "Too sexy, I shouldn't!" As the hot kiss burned on her sexual brain took over, and the delightfully rubbery nipples became a favorite of Abby's fingers.
Kelsey explored Abby's tits, too. The smallest of anyone in the group, they were nonetheless warm, and smooth, and soft. Tits just like any other, decorating a sexy young woman in perfect proportion, with sensitive nipples that drew Kelsey's mouth as soon as the kiss ended. Abby moaned, holding Kelsey's head tight against her heaving chest. That's when Abby's eyes met Richie's again. She smiled sweetly. Richie did, too.
Abby was surprised that act two was just the girls. She'd expected her first four-way to roll over her like a steamroller, all tangled limbs and wild fucking. Being the center of attention again, with a stunning looking porn girl no less, surprised the hell out of her. She thought about calling in the troops — their cocks were both hard, after all — but decided to see where things were going with Kelsey.
"On your back, girl," Kelsey commanded, her voice breathy and soft. "Show me how wide you spread."
Abby did it but didn't know why. As she lay there with her legs going wider, and wider, and wider, she couldn't believe she was doing it.
"Oh, my God!" Kelsey said, with quiet reverence. "Austin, Honey," she said, glancing at him to make sure he was seeing what she was seeing. "What the fuck!"
Her hands went to Abby's legs, spread wide in a perfectly straight split.
"That's insane how hot that looks!" Kelsey said, gently caressing, raising goosebumps on Abby's inner thighs. "You're just so..."
The words were muffled out when Kelsey's mouth met the wide-spread pussy. Abby moaned so deeply she worried that she may have peed a little.
Kelsey's tongue wasted no time getting down to business. Abby's head relaxed on the bed and she didn't move. With legs as wide as legs go she clutched at the bed sheets with white knuckles as Kelsey took her higher.
Abby's back arched up a little at a time until it was as high as it could go, just like the psychedelic thoughts in her mind. Kelsey gave her a ripping, unrelenting orgasm, holding onto Abby's writhing, thrusting wide-spread thighs for dear life.
Before Abby could recover Kelsey was up, legs spread wide over the still spread girl, grinding her pussy into Abby's.
"I'm fuckin' you, Honey," she sighed, almost instantly as worked up as Abby was.
"Fuck!" Abby whimpered.
Her hands went to Kelsey's extraordinary tits, and she came again. The two pussies squished together with ferocious heat, red-hot clit against red-hot clit. Kelsey came too.
Abby was stunned. She lay there naked with her legs still in a split, unable to process things. A girl, agirl!, had just made her cum. Twice. With two naked boys watching. And one of them was Austin Lowe. And the girl was a porn star. None of it made any proper sense.
"You cum super nice, Honey," Kelsey said, snapping her back to reality. "I can't wait to see you with all the guys at the parties."
Abby didn't know what to say.
"Richie, fuck your girl," Kelsey said. "Let's have a little party of our own."
An hour later, Abby nearly stumbled down the stairs. Her whole body felt out of kilter. It was a bit like the way she felt after a strenuous dance rehearsal, when her bloodstream was flooded with happy juice and every single muscle was singing, but it was even better — Kelsey and Austin and Richie had left her dazed and bemused.
When she reached the bottom of the stairs she was startled by the side door opening and new voices. Brie and Charity were just getting home from their school meeting.
"Oh, hey you guys!" Kelsey said, her tits bouncing as she trotted down the stairs naked. Austin had slipped into his boxer shorts and was following her. "This is Richie's friend Abby. We just had the best time!"
"Hi, Abby," Brie said. "Are you leaving already?"
"Yeah, I think I should. I've got a paper I need to work on for school."
"She'll be back. Right, Abby?" Kelsey said. "She's gonna hang with us now. Isn't she super cute? God, I just love her body. You guys know she dances, right?"
"We don't know anything yet, Kel," Charity said, looking perturbed. "You always assume everyone knows everything."
"Don't mind her, Brie said to Abby. "She just found out one of her boy-toys is seeing someone else."
"Adam?" Kelsey asked. "Oh, Honey, are you bummed?"
"I don't know," Charity said sadly. "I mean, all we did was fuck. It's not like...there was anything more, really."
"Hmm," Kelsey said. "Yeah, if you're bummed, there was something more. I'm sorry, Honey."
"That's okay," Charity said. She took a deep breath and wondered if any of the other male teachers might like a fling.
"Want a drink?" Kelsey asked her. "Get outta those clothes. I'll pour you guys one."
Charity looked at Kelsey, in all her naked glory, and at Abby and Richie fully clothed. It seemed reasonable enough to get naked. ItwasCharity's house, after all. She quickly stripped off her teacher dress, her bra and her shoes. She left her panties on, but it didn't mellow the effect much — it was a sexy, lacy bit of underwear that made her beautiful ass look even hotter.
Brie stripped too, feeling a little odd doing it right there in the living room, but leaving to do it would have seemed just as odd. She left her panties on, too.
"Austin, Honey, you're gonna have to help Charity feel better," Kelsey said. "You got anything left after welcoming Abby so nicely? You guys," she said to Charity and Brie, "It wassooofucking hot! Remember the soccer team in high school, Brie? Paulie Lindeman? He's Abby's brother! She used to come to the games and dream about Austin and all the guys. How old did you say you were, Abby?"
"Thirteen I guess," Abby said shyly, still in a bit of disbelief over what had happened that evening.
"No way!" Brie said. "So tonight, here he was? Just out of the blue?"
"Yup," Abby said. She blushed a beautiful shade of fleshy pink as she thought about it all.
"They fucked the shit outta each other," Kelsey said succinctly. "It was wicked."
"Whoa," Brie said quietly. "That's hot."
"Richie, how'd you get such a cute girl, anyway," Charity said, smirking kiddingly.
"Just lucky, I guess," he said.
Abby looked at him and smiled softly. Just a few days before, sitting in her room studying all alone, she wished for a little luck with a boy. Running into Richie at the student center turned out to be lucky all around.