Suzi strutted around her expansive lounge, confidently parading her oiled naked body.
Her perfect 36DD-23-35 glistening majestically as the click of her spiked stiletto thigh length boots resonated off the wooden floor. She smiled seductively, swaying her hips as she circled the room, her full firm breasts, synchronised with her slow swaying hips.
"He'll be here soon with his magnificent hard cock!" she teased, tenderly stroking her erect pierced nipples. Her stance was quite dominant as she parted her legs and moved down into a squatting position, gyrating her hips sensually as her open shaved pussy was displayed. Her parted legs showed her pussylips open and already wet. Her smooth hairless slit with her puffed and aroused labia pulsing in anticipation of what was to come.
"I love it when he holds my pussy open and spits into my hole! It makes me feel like a dirty slut who will do whatever he wants!" she whispered.
Her left hand slowly snaked toward her glass smooth pussy, her long nails gently scratching her labia and scraping softly on her exposed clit. A long sensual moan emanated from her open mouth, as her long nails teased her pussy to full arousal. Her index finger slid between her pussylips and moved inside her tight wet hole.
"This will be full of his cock soon! Fucking my shaved pussy hard and squirting his delicious
spunk deep inside me!" she almost purred "I love being his slut and cheating on you!" she smiled looking her husband directly in the eye.
"You'll see how much he pleasures me with his big cock. You'll see me worshipping a real cock, offering all of my holes to him to slide his hard cock deep inside me and make me his whore!" Suzi giggled, treating her husband with disdain.
Her husband Jim, swallowed, as his cheeks flushed at the sexual humiliation. His erection was evident, pushing the material of his trousers, revealing a tent like protrusion.
Suzi smiled a wicked smile and continued with her verbal onslaught.
"Is it arousing you to think of a real man fucking my pussy and ass? Breaking my wedding vows in our marital bed, dressed like a whore as a guy fucks me so good, he takes and owns the pussy that was once yours!" Suzi said almost sneering as she did so.
Jim squeezed his cock as he stared at Suzi's naked oiled body, dressed only in the black soft leather thigh length boots.
Suzi removed her finger from her pussy, gliding it across her glossed lips, tasting her sex as her tongue slithered around her wet finger.
"His cock will be so good in my mouth before he fucks me and afterwards when I clean all of his spunk and my cum off of his huge shaft!" she smiled, flicking her tongue over her finger.
"When I kiss you later, you'll taste my cum and his spunk on my hot breath!"
Jim couldn't disguise how much Suzi's tormenting was arousing him as he groaned loudly at her description.
"Does my husband like his hot wife being an unfaithful slut and fucking other men?" she giggled girlishly.
Jim stared at Suzi, lusting after her more than he thought possible, but tonight she would be unavailable to him, as her body belonged to another man tonight.
"I'm going to have him stay overnight. He and I, sharing our marital bed, as he fucks me the way I've always wanted to be fucked!" Suzi added, continuing Jim's humiliation.
"Not only is his cock bigger and harder, he also has so much more stamina! When he cums it's like a fountain gushing, and it always tastes wonderful!" She smiled enjoying Jim's torment.
"When he comes inside my pussy or ass, I can feel his hot spunk blasting against my inner flesh!" She giggled watching her husband squirm with jealousy and obvious arousal.
"You love that I'm a cheating cock hungry whore, don't you?" She sneered twisting her pierced nipples "Well you will love me even more after tonight, when I take his spunk in every available hole!"
Jim looked at Suzi twisting her erect nipples and sneering as she tormented him with her lovers sexual prowess.
"I'm not sure if he'll let you watch me being fucked and abused by him tonight!" She smiled "He thinks you're a soft cock wimp, who's wife needs to be satisfied by other men!"
This was not true as Jim and Suzi enjoyed a very full and active sex life, but the words enhanced the humiliating effect they both craved when Suzi was in her slut alter ego.
"Do you want to smell my pussy before he arrives?" She teased "Because afterwards it will smell of my cum, his stiff cock and his delicious hot spunk!" She laughed holding her pussylips open, revealing her pink tight hole.
The doorbell rang announcing the arrival of Suzi's lover.
"Go to the spare bedroom and leave me alone with him. I can't wait to have his cock inside me!" Suzi giggled as she walked out of the lounge slowly. Jim dashed up the stairs, three at a time and went into the spare bedroom. Thankfully he still had the cameras set up throughout the house, and his laptop control was in the spare bedroom allowing him viewing access and recording capabilities. Jim pressed record on the screen as all eight cameras loaded onto the laptop.
Suzi was still unaware that Jim was recording her slut sessions with other men! It was seriously arousing to Jim to witness how his wife acted even more of a slut when he wasn't present.
He plugged his headphones into the laptop so no sound would be heard outside of the bedroom.
He looked at his screen to see Suzi open the door to her lover, naked except for the sexy thigh length boots. Her body glistened as the light bounced off her oil coated skin.
She arched her back slightly, pushing her ass high and her large firm breasts forward. She looked sensational opening the door, displaying her perfect sexy body.
Jim watched as her new lover pulled her close to him, revealing her nakedness to anyone who would be walking past, as his hands gripped her buttocks, kneading the firm flesh as he kissed Suzi passionately, both of their tongues engaged in a snakelike dance.
"My cocks hard already you dirty slut!" Suzi's new lover gasped.
Suzi's hand went direct to his groin as she squeezed his rampant erection over his trousers.
"I'm going to be such a naughty slut, cheating on my husband!" She grinned "I want your cock in all of my married holes tonight!"
The guy smiled, stepped into the hallway and kicked the door to close it.
"You can stay the night if you want!" She smiled "And you can fuck my ass!" She continued.
"Where's your limp dick husband?" He enquired arrogantly, arousing Suzi with his alpha male approach.
"He knows you're fucking me tonight and has made himself scarce. We wont be disturbed!" She informed her lover as she squeezed his cock.
"I might just fuck your ass all night!" He grinned confidently.
Suzi looked up into his eyes and pleaded.
"Please fuck my pussy also! She's a hungry slut as well. I love riding your big cock and stroking your balls while you fuck my pussy!" She implored.
"This tight pussy!" He snarled grabbing her shaved pussy with his right hand.
Suzi gasped with delight at his arrogance as he began to rub the palm of his hand over her smooth shaved slit.
"Oh fuck yeah!" She moaned erotically "Fuck me and spank me tonight. I've been very naughty!" She said quietly.
"You're going to be a lot fucking naughtier!" He snarled, forcing two fingers inside Suzi's pussy.
He pinned Suzi to the wall as he began to finger blast her slut pussy. Her legs were open marginally as his fingers became a blur. The squelching of her almost dripping pussy was resonating in the hallway.
Suzi began panting furiously as the fingers increased the tempo, encouraging her hips to thrust toward the invading digits. Her head was back with her mouth open, as her panting breath and delicate moans were the only sounds coming from her oral cavity. Her lover held her right breast with his left hand as he twisted her erect pierced nipples harshly. Her state of arousal was unrecognisable to her husband, as her new lover took her to a place of ecstasy he was unfamiliar with.
"Oh fuck! That's brilliant!" She panted "I'm coming!" Then her voice drifted off as her breathing became one long continuous pant. Female ejaculation gushed from her pussy as her lover continued with his rapid finger blasting. The transparent sex fluid, gushed up his arm as he snarled.
"I'm going to fuck your pussy and ass till their raw!" He said holding Suzi's face at her cheeks, as he spat into Suzi's mouth. Suzi groaned in ecstatic pleasure as he used his slut as she should be used.
Jim was shocked at how forceful the guy was and equally at how responsive Suzi was to his treatment. You could actually see the sexual thrill in her face as she licked his spit around her lips and swallowed obediently. Her lover removed his drenched fingers from her quivering pussy, moving the digits to her full sexy lips, he fed his fingers into her perfect slut mouth.
Licking her orgasm from his fingers, she panted ecstatically.
"Oh fuck that tastes good!" She whispered, licking her cum from his magical fingers "You're the best fuck I've ever had!"
Her lover grinned arrogantly as she held Suzi's face at the cheeks again.
"Get upstairs so I can fuck your married cunt in your husbands bed!" He snarled menacingly, thrilling Suzi with his obnoxious disdain.
Suzi began to climb the stairs, at least three steps in front of him. As she reached the halfway stage, he yelled abruptly.
"Stop!"
Suzi obeyed and stopped in her tracks.
"Bend over and kneel on. The stair with your legs wide apart!" He insisted.
Suzi knelt on the stair and did as instructed, parting her legs as wide as she could with her ass in the air and her face resting on the stair above.
"Hold your ass cheeks wide and show me your slut asshole!"
Suzi obeyed his instruction and placed both hands on her buttocks, pulling the cheeks apart, revealing her pink puckered rosebud of an asshole and her smooth shaved slit. She could feel her pussy open up as the stretching of her ass cheeks revealed both holes to her lover.
He licked his digit finger on his right hand and pushed it into Suzi's asshole, making her squirm in pain and pleasure.
"Aaaargh!" She moaned with sensual pleasure "That feels so fucking naughty!"
Her lover proceeded to place two fingers on his left hand inside her slippery wet pussy.
Suzi began to ride both sets of fingers.
Her lover removed his fingers slowly, stroking the flesh on her buttocks, he unexpectedly slapped her ass and ordered.
"Get in the bedroom slut, I'm going to fuck your cheating pussy!"
Suzi stood upright and climbed the remaining steps, heading into the bedroom. Her lover followed her into the bedroom, grabbing her around the waist and throwing her onto the bed.
Suzi looked somewhat startled yet aroused at his rough house antics.
"Spread those legs wide and hold your cunt open!" He snarled
Suzi squirmed with delight, obeying his command as she opened her thigh length booted legs, revealing her tight pussy to him. Placing the index fingers of both hands inside her throbbing pussy, she stretched her opening wide, revealing her pink tight hole to her watching lover.
She looked up at him, her chest heaving with excitement, holding her pussy open for his pleasure.
He removed his clothes, standing at the side of the bed totally naked, sporting the biggest erection she had ever seen. He held the base of his large cock, making his length look even bigger. He knelt between her legs and fed the head of his cock between her fingers and excited pussylips. Suzi moaned as inch by inch his cock filled and stretched her pussy.
"You feel so much bigger than before!" She panted.
"You're husband must have a tiny cock. You're so tight!" He growled.
"No, it's just that you are so much bigger!" She panted thrusting her hips to meet his cock.
"You love cock don't you?" He snarled "You love being fucked and cheating on your wimp husband?"
Suzi's eyes rolled with the pleasure his cock was providing and the sexual humiliation he was endorsing on her husband.
"I'm a total slut for this cock!" She whimpered "You can do anything you want to me!" she panted, moving her lips to kiss his, as she wrapped her thigh length booted legs around his back.
He began to slide his cock in and out of her pussy very slowly, then driving the length back inside with considerable force.
Suzi panted and moaned in ecstatic pleasure as his cock drove into her, bringing her next orgasm ever nearer.
Holding his head, she licked his neck and screamed.
"Fuck me! My married pussy is coming on your cock!" she yelled as he continued to thrust his huge cock deep inside her.
Suzi's own thrusting was incredible as she used her strong legs, pushing down on his ass, forcing as much of his cock as was possible, inside her slut hungry cheating pussy.
Jim watched on the screen, not recognising the cheating slut his wife had become.
She was willingly giving her body to be used and abused by this guy in any way he saw fit.
Suzi was a sex crazed whore, laying beneath her lovers body, enjoy the huge cock pounding her pussy.
As her orgasm subsided she began to control her breathing, licking his ear and neck, she whispered seductively to him.
"You're so much better at fucking me than my husband!"
The words cut through Jim, watching his wife cheat and betray him. Strangely the words tortured him with jealousy yet somehow aroused him, giving him the hardest erection he had endured in years.
"You just love any cock!" her lover spouted "Sluts like you just want to be fucked!" he finished, squeezing Suzi's nipples as he continued thrusting deep inside her.
Suzi's head went back as her mouth opened, panting with pleasure.
"You dirty fucking slut!" her lover snarled as he spat into Suzi's open mouth.
Suzi flicked her tongue wildly, enjoying the abuse in a sexual way, as she moaned.
"Treat me like a whore!" she panted.
Her lover spat into her mouth once more and slapped her face. The noise was quite loud, although the slap did not seem too violent.
Suzi's eyes rolled in pleasure as her alpha male fucked her and owned her.
Jim was shocked to find how much the scenario was arousing him. He unzipped his fly, removing his granite hard cock. He wrapped his fingers around the shaft tightly, feeling his throbbing cock pulsing as he began to slowly glide his hand up and down his length.
Staring intently at the screen, watching his unfaithful wife writhe beneath her lover in sexual bliss, witnessing Suzi being banged like some slut whore wife.
Almost in a hypnotic state, he continued stroking his cock, watching Suzi reach a height of pleasure that he had never taken her too.
"Your cock is ten times bigger and you're fucking me ten times better than my husband!" Suzi growled, as another squirting orgasm gushed from her stretched pussy.
Jim was tormented watching his wife betray him, his jealousy increasing with every thrust of Suzi's lovers cock, yet he continued stroking his cock, more aroused than he had ever been.
Jim felt a strong electric tingle surge through his hanging testes, as a heavy load of sperm burst out of his cock. His cock was convulsing, emptying a dramatic load, forcefully hitting the wall of the spare bedroom. His cock became unbearably sensitive, yet he continued stroking his still hard cock.
"Spunk inside me!" Suzi groaned "Give me your manly seed!" She said to her lover, looking him directly in the eye, as she held her leather booted ankles, forcing her legs wide apart.
Her lover pushed his cock deep inside Suzi, as his butt cheeks clenched, he began to squirt his spunk deep inside Suzi.
"Oh fuck yeah!" She sighed "Fill me with your spunk!" She growled, squirming around on his ejaculating cock.
As their fucking began to slow, he smiled at Suzi and said.
"Keep me hard and I'll fuck your ass next!"