This story could have been placed in a number of categories, including Loving Wives, Interracial Love, Erotic Coupling but I placed it in the Exhibitionist & Voyeur category because it fits the category description of watching and being watched the best.
If you do not approve of stories that have extra-marital fun, swinging, sharing, interracial sex & more, please use your time to read the many other quality stories found on this site.
All descriptive sex scenes are between people 18 and older.
This is a work of fiction. Any names and persons in this story are fictional and any resemblance to actual people living or dead is purely coincidental.
*
I'm setting in a chair in our room in Aruba stroking my very hard, 9" cock as I am watching my 37 year old wife of 15 years being royally fucked by a 19 year old black cabana boy. She is on all fours looking directly at me mouthing the words, "I love you." Her eyes start to flutter, her thighs start to quiver, her back arches and her lips form the big O as she orgasms for the fourth or maybe fifth time tonight. Simon, the young man behind her, starts to pump her erratically and announces he is coming for the second time. The first was between her lips, this time in her very moist and well used vagina. He collapses on top of her. Both are glowing with the sweat from their energetic mating. As they try to get their breathing under control, my wife turns her head to the side to kiss Simon and then says, "That was great, and will we see you tomorrow?"
Simon pants out, "I am off tomorrow but my cousin Walker will be here, he is very experienced in the art of making love to white married women."
My wife just smiles and says, "We will be looking forward to meeting your cousin. Now go I need time to get ready for dinner." Simon dressed and left.
My wife excuses herself to the in suite to shower and freshen up as I get dressed to go out for dinner. She emerges looking fresh with a flowing dress that I know has nothing on underneath. She smiles and says, "Let's go I am starving I worked up an appetite'"
I just said, "Yes you did, Simon worked you over pretty good. You definitely burned off some calories." Off we went for some dinner and dancing.
I am a voyeur; my wife is a submissive exhibitionist. A match made in heaven. Let me explain how we got to where we are today.
I'm Todd. I grew up on a farm in central Iowa. My family is of Dutch decent, meaning I am white with reddish blond hair with an athletic/farm strong build. I was a star scholar/athlete standing 6' 6" tall who received a scholarship to play basketball at D1 University in a neighboring state.
My first exposure to the thrills of voyeurism was when I was 18 and a senior in high school. It was Christmas break and I had snuck out of the house to the hay loft to peruse my favorite girlie magazine when I heard my older sister, Cheryl and her fiancé, now husband, Bill enter the barn.
Our father had a rule, "Nobody sleeps together under his roof unless married." Bill and Cheryl locked into a major kiss right in the middle of the barn. Hands were going everywhere. Suddenly Cheryl pulls away and tells Bill, "I'm getting a blanket from the tack room."
Bill asks, "What about your Mom, Dad or Todd?"
Cheryl replies, "Mom said she will keep Dad busy and Todd is in the basement playing video games."
Bill said, "Your mom knows what we are doing out here?"
"It was mom's idea. She said her and dad snuck off to the barn a lot when they were dating."
Bill just said, "Get the blanket."
What they forgot was there was an outside exit from the basement or what some called a storm cellar. I used it to go to my secret place, hay loft, to look at my girly magazines. Today I was getting some up close and personal looks.
I watched Cheryl, who by the way is a beautiful creature standing nearly six feet with long blond hair and blue eyes, sit on the hay bale unzip my future brother in-law and proceeds to stroke and then suck his impressive cock. I watched my big sister suck his cock lick his balls like a pro until he announced he was coming. She didn't spill a drop.
After a few recovery minutes Bill pushes Cheryl onto her back flips up her dress, removes her panties and then says, "Your turn." He then starts eating her pussy with gusto of a starving man. Cheryl soon was coming on his tongue, grunting, groaning and crying out, "Yes, yes I'm coming." She then starts to gyrate her hips trying to extricate her pussy from his tongue and says, "Stop, stop too sensitive. I can't take it. Please stop." Bill stops his tongue wagging but still teasing her with little sucks on her clit causing her hips and legs to jerk and vibrate.
Watching her cum caused me to lose my first, but not the last load of the night.
Cheryl grabs Bill by his ears and said, "Fuck me, fuck me now. I need you inside me." Bill did as he was told but not before teasing by rubbing his crown over her clit. Cheryl had enough she wrapped her long legs around Bill's hips and forced him into her. Once in Bill hammered her with a vengeance and soon all three of us were coming.
After a few minutes we all composed ourselves. Cheryl put her panties on and Bill zipped up then kissed Cheryl as they left for the house. I was still in a state of excitement so I jacked off one more time with visions of the two of them fucking. I knew then I was a voyeur for life.
I had the opportunity to witness them mating two more times before they headed back to college. The last one was very memorable due my sister came out in a dress, pulled it over her head and was completely naked. I know she is my sister but what a great body. Her boobs were big and firm with nipples that stuck out an inch when excited. Her ass was rounded and when she got on all fours I could see a very wet pussy and her star fish. I am almost ashamed that after the first time I brought out my binoculars so I could be more up close and personal. After they left I had to settle on my girlie magazines to quench my voyeuristic thirst.
Six months later I found myself in a dorm room with my teammate Sean. Sean was a top high school recruit like me. In fact we first met at a high school all star game the previous spring. We didn't talk much then. He was from the inner city part of Atlanta so I assumed he was ghetto. I couldn't have been more wrong. He did come from an inner city school but his parents were both very educated in fact his mother had her doctorate in education and was the principle of his school and his father had a masters and was his school's Athletic Director and basketball coach. His dad also played a couple years for the Hawks, the reason they were in Atlanta.
Sean and I were surprisingly a lot alike in size both 6'6" and about 225#, in temperament we were both easy going, we both had a sarcastic sense of humors and we both liked white athletic girls. Neither one of us had a problem scoring with the ladies.
By our junior year we were both starters and standouts on our team. We might have been similar in size but our games were different. Sean was a power player, strong rebounder, great defender but couldn't hit a shot outside of 15 feet. I was more of a finesse player good ball handler with a great outside shot. Our games complimented each other on the court.
The same was true with the ladies. Sean had a strong alpha male game not afraid to go right at a girl he wanted. Mine was more finesse I started slow and ended slow. Needless to say Sean got laid a lot more than I did. This was okay by me.
During our junior year we were allowed to live off campus so we rented a 2 bedroom bungalow each having our own room and bath. Sean caught me watching him with some coed one night when he left his door ajar. The next day he asked about it and being such good friends I confided in him about my voyeur perversion even telling him about watching my sister. Sean was cool and said from now on he would leave the door open for me. What a great roommate. I know I am a sick puppy being I'd rather watch people fuck than fucking someone myself.
Sean and the ladies he would bring home provided me many of pleasurable evenings for my watching enjoyment. Don't get me wrong I did score with the ladies even had a steady girlfriend for a time but I like to watch.
The start of our senior year Sean entered into his first serious relationship with a soccer player named Molly. Molly was a knockout 5'7" maybe a buck twenty five. She had long brown hair and big brown eyes. Her breasts were small but firm with no sag. She had a boyish figure with slim hips nice round ass and great shapely legs. Strong calf muscles, thin ankles, thighs that had that extra muscle on the back side from a lot of running and kicking. She was the poster child for what an athletic girl should look like.
What was even better she was an exhibitionist. She thought nothing about walking around the bungalow with little or no clothes on. Her main attire was thin panties showing her camel toe and a crop top that highlighted her stiff eraser nipples and some under boob.
Sean ended up telling her about my voyeur kink and from then on they left his door open for me to listen and/or watch. Sean told me she got very excited and fucked him harder when she knew I was watching. Everyone was benefiting, a win, and win situation.
Molly's background was interesting in the fact she never knew her bio dad. Her mother was from a prominent family in town and when her Mom became pregnant while she was in college they bought off the dad who was a low life drug dealer who ended up dead a few years later.
Her mother eventually entered law school and met a third year law student who happened to be an ex football all American from here. He played five years in the NFL before a career ending injury. They fell in love even though he was 8 years older and black. The family, in time, accepted him and became the only father Molly ever knew.
I came to find out that before Sean, Molly only had two serious relationships. Her first was with her high school sweetheart who was black and quarterback for her school. He broke her heart when he chose to play college ball in another state. Her second one was during her freshman year with another black guy, Damian, who turned out to be a thug and abused her. He used her submissive personality against her and she ended up doing things she shouldn't have done. The story goes her adopted father found out and paid the young man a visit. He supposedly left town.
Sean really cared for her. Did he love her probably not but she loved him. Her adoptive father was very protective and had Sean and I for that matter checked out. Her father liked Sean in fact offered to represent him if he went pro. That was Sean's dream to play like his Dad in the NBA.
Unfortunately for Sean the NBA was not interested. He was a tweener. Not big enough for the frontline and not skilled enough for the backcourt. Frank, Molly's dad, was able to get him an offer from a European team and Sean took it.
Molly was devastated at first as she had two more years of college and couldn't go with him. The truth was he didn't ask her to go. He had a month before he left and Molly was at our place morning, noon and night. I heard and saw a lot of fucking those last weeks.
I received the greatest gift when Sean and Molly asked me to film them making love so Sean would have something to take with him. Of course I agreed. The night came for the recording and I was stoked. I told the two of them to act natural and pretend I wasn't there.
It started out with Molly on the couch in a wife beater shirt, nipples on display and see through panties. Sean comes through the door and Molly jumps up throws her arms around his neck and kisses him passionately. Sean returns the kiss while using both hands lifting her by her butt cheeks. Molly wraps her legs tightly around him as he starts walking to the bedroom. I follow.
Once in the room he sets her on the bed and she immediately pulls down his shorts as he is pulling off his shirt. His almost completely hard cock is on display as she slowly strokes it to complete hardness. Once hard she wraps her lips around it and starts a slow sensuous blow job. This was the closest I had ever been to an erect penis that wasn't my own. It was impressive. Not any bigger than my own but veins seemed to be highlighted by the coal black skin. That along with the contrast of Molly's pale skin had me sporting a raging erection of my own.
I wanted to pull out my cock but had to keep filming. Molly could take about 7" down her throat before she started to gag and move back up to the crown. She alternated her speed of bobbing up and down. The whole time she made direct eye contact with Sean. Molly knew Sean was about ready to blow so she pulled his cock from her mouth and stroked him hard and fast until he blew his load. Some cum went directly into her mouth, some went onto her crop top. His third rope was the biggest and hit her in the middle of the forehead with a big glob running off her nose. She was able to catch most of it with her tongue. She showed Sean and the camera what she had collected and then made a show of swallowing it all.
Molly pulled her crop top off and used it to wipe the cum from her face. Molly leaned back onto the bed and grabbed her knees to her chest and the spread her legs. She looked Sean and said, "My turn." Sean reached down and pulled off Molly's panties. He then grabbed her hips pulling her to the edge of the bed. He bent over to give her a kiss as he inserted two of his long fingers into her pussy causing Molly's hips to elevate of the bed as she moaned into his open mouth.
Molly was soaking, I could hear the sloshing sound of her pussy as Sean rapidly piston his fingers in and out. Sean abruptly stops stroking her, pulled out two dripping fingers coated in her fluids. He then brought it to her mouth and she sucked them clean.
Sean then dropped to his knees and buried his face between Molly's thighs. I could hear the slurping and sucking sounds of his eating her juicy pussy. I made eye contact with Molly as they glazed over and she came on his tongue. Molly's back arched up so the only part of her body touching the bed was the back of her head and the heels of her feet.
After she came Sean backed off and just gingerly fingered her until she got her body back under control. At which time she said to Sean, "Fuck me, fuck my pussy hard." He did as requested. He removed his fingers lined up his very hard cock and buried all 9" in one stroke and held it there. Molly made a loud yelp and then started rotating her hips on his cock. In a demanding tone Molly looked up Sean and said, "Fuck me!!"
Sean didn't move just smiled and said, "Ask nicely."
Molly could not be still. Her hips were moving up and down and side to side but she couldn't get Sean to move in and out. Finally Molly pleaded, "Fuck me, please Sean fuck me, please."
Sean just said, "Since you asked me nicely." He then proceeded to pound the shit out of her. I had watched them on numerous occasions from afar before but this was so animalistic. Sean grunting Molly screaming as she came over and over. Sean flipped her on to her hands and knees and took her doggie style until her body went limp as she passed out. Sean never stopped he was a fucking machine. Both of their bodies were glistening in sweat. Just as Molly came to Sean announced he was coming. He rammed her hard growling as he deposited his load deep into her moist, red well used pussy.
As soon as Sean slid out his softening cock, Molly spun around and started cleaning his and her juices from his penis. After she was done she looked at me and noticed I was sporting a large erection. I didn't move as she slid over pulled my shorts down. She said, "Wow yours is as big as Sean's."
She glanced at Sean and he said, "Go on help the brother out." She then proceeded to blow me. I came in less than a minute. After she swallowed my load she lay next to Sean and they fell asleep in each other's arms. I just stood there for a minute and then went to my room. A few hours later they were at it again. I thought about going in to watch but was just too exhausted to move so just listened until I dozed back off.
The next morning we were all quiet at first, that was until Molly said, "That was hot last night. I don't think I have ever been so turned on. I guess I liked being in front of a camera." Sean and I looked at each other and just started laughing. The three of us spent the day helping Sean pack up for Europe as he was due to leave in two days. I left the two of them alone as much as possible so they could say their goodbyes.
The day Sean left was a very sad day for Molly. Besides Sean leaving I was going home for the summer to help out on the farm and work for a local veterinarian. One good thing was I had been accepted into veterinary school, which was my lifelong dream, and would be returning in the fall. Molly was going to be my roommate as she took over Sean's part of the lease. She didn't want to live in the dorms anymore and wasn't about to move home. I liked our bungalow so it was a win, win for us.
Sean and Molly had decided that a long range romance wouldn't work so agreed to seeing others while apart. I kept in touch with Molly over the summer so I knew she had, had a few dates but no real relationship. On my return to school it took some time to acclimate to my new roommate. Molly was an exhibitionist so seeing her in a t-shirt without panties or panties without a shirt or for that matter nude coming out of the shower was not uncommon. As for me I usually had on Basketball shorts.
Seeing her in stages of undressed brought back memories of the night I filmed them. I had jacked off on many occasions over the summer watching the copy I had on my computer.
Molly set me up with one of her teammates, Abby. Abby was the team's center back. She was beautiful at 6' tall long strong legs, red hair down to top of her butt. We hit it off right away and we're spending a lot of the time in my bed.
A strange thing happened one night after a great love making session. Abby faced me and asked, "When are you going to ask her out?"
"What? Who are you talking about?"
Abby then said, "Molly, you idiot. I see the way you look at her and for that matter the way she looks at you. The other woman can always see these things."
I replied, "We are just friends. Plus she only dates black guys."
Abby responded, "Again you are an idiot. She only goes out with black guys because that is her reputation. White guys are afraid to ask."
I then asked, "What about you and me?"
Abby smiled and said, "I like you, I like you a lot. You are tall, great body, good looking, great future and a big dick that you know how to use. But you love Molly even if you don't know it."
"Are we breaking up?" I asked.
"No let's just cool it for awhile. Who knows I might call for a booty call someday. How about one more romp in the hay before I go?"
We had another vigorous fuck session before she left. Afterwards I lay in bed looking at the ceiling thinking about what Abby said. I realized I did have feelings for Molly, strong feelings but kept them suppressed due to Sean and the black assumption.
Over the next few weeks neither Molly nor I dated. We went to school, studied, ate and watched TV. One night we were watching an erotic film on cable. I was in my basketball shorts and a t-shirt and Molly was just in a t-shirt no panties. I knew this because when she was setting on the couch with her legs tucked under I could see the bottom of her butt and just a little of her lips. It was getting pretty steamy when I looked over from my chair to see Molly with her hand under her shirt making little circles on her clit. We made eye contact and she said, "I'm so horny right I can't help it, do you mind?"
"No, I don't mind." She then pulled the shirt over her head so she was naked head to toe. She sat up, spread her legs and put her feet on the coffee table. She continued playing with her clit as her other hand started pinching her nipple.
She looked at me with half closed eyes and said, "Join me." I started to get up but she stopped me and said, "Join me in masturbating." I took off my shorts and shirt sat back down and started to rub one out watching her play with herself as she watched the movie.
Soon we both were close to coming. She was circling her hips, lifting her butt from the couch. She looked at me and said, "Let us come together." Her fingers became a blur as she started her orgasm. I started to shoot cum all over my chest and stomach. As she calmed down she looked at me, smiled got up and went to her room closing the door without saying a word.
I just sat there for a few minutes thinking what the hell just happened. I eventually got up turned off the TV and went to bed.
The next morning nothing was said about what happened we just went about our regular activities. We also started sharing more about ourselves. The one dark period of her life was her freshman year when she was involved with Damian. She said she met him at a party. He was a gentleman asked her out and she fell head over heels for him. The more she fell for him the more he abused her. He abused emotionally at first and then physically. Her submissive nature caused her to take it until one night when she woke up in his bed naked and no memories of how she got there. She was bruised and sore especially around her pussy and ass. As she was waking Damian and two of his buddies came in all naked and Damian said, "Ready for round two or is it three."
Molly said she jumped up grabbed her dress and ran out the door before they could react. She stopped outside just long enough to put on her dress. She got to a store called her adopted father. He picked her up took her home.
The story from there is he called a couple of his football buddies went to Damian's place and kicked the holy hell out of them. Told them to leave town and he would kill them if he ever saw them again. Nobody had seen them since that night.
I was enraged hearing that story. She said she had never told anyone else not even Sean. We were getting closer and closer as time went by. We even had a couple more masturbation sessions but never touched each other.
It was the end of the first semester right before Christmas break. We had both completed our finals so we went out to our favorite pizza place. As we were eating Molly got very quiet and lost all color in her face. She just whispered, "Damian."
I turned to see two blacks both about 6' maybe 190#. I found out later the guy with Damian was one of his friends who raped Molly. I could feel the hairs on my neck stand up.
They walked up and Damian said, "Hey Molly girl I was hoping I would see you while I was back in town."
"Damian you better hope Frank doesn't find out your in town."
Damian ignored my presence leaned over the table and looked at Molly and said, "Damian, I like it better when you call me Daddy."
Molly just said, "Fuck you."
Damian then said, "That's no way to speak to your lover boy lets go somewhere so we can relive old times."
I stood up and said, "Get lost creep, She is not going anywhere with you."
Damian said, "Oh, the white boy speaks. Dre take care of him."
His partner put his hands on my shoulder trying to set me down but as soon as he touched me I hit him with a right cross that knocked his ass out. Damian was stunned as I grabbed him by his neck and pushed his head against the wall.
He started to fight but I tightened my grip. I have big hands that are especially strong from farm work and basketball. I can easily palm a ball off the dribble. As I tightened my grip I bent down and whispered in his ear. "You move I rip your throat out." He didn't move.
I then said, "You ever come near her again I will finish what I started tonight. Blink twice if you understand." He blinked twice.
His buddy was coming to so I looked at him and said, "Damian will be going to sleep now. When I drop him to the floor just raise his legs up and he will come to."
Molly then said to them, "By the way I called my Dad and he is on his way with a couple of friends. I would be out of here before they get here."
I then squeezed a little tighter stopping the flow to the brain. Damian's eyes fluttered and went limp. I let go as he dropped to the floor in a heap. I took Molly's hand and as we were leaving I reminded his buddy to raise his legs. I looked at our friend Doug the manager and he just waved us out.
Molly was crying almost uncontrollably in the car. She was apologizing to me and I kept telling her there was nothing to apologize for. When we got home she went straight to her room and shut the door. I heard the shower running and then nothing. I figured she went to bed and asleep. I sat there for a bit going over what happened thanking God they didn't have a gun or a knife. I finally went to bed.
I heard my door open and saw Molly's silhouette walk to my bed. She was naked. She lifted the cover and crawled in with her back to my chest. She just said, "Hold me please." I wrapped by arms around her and brought her tight into my body. She was soon asleep in my arms. I soon followed.
When I awoke in the morning I was on my back and Molly was leaning on her elbow looking down at me. She slowly bent down and kissed me softly at first but it soon turned into a passionate kiss and embrace. We were soon touching each other intimately. After some major foreplay Molly lifted her leg over my torso and grabbed my penis rubbing it up and down her pussy lips to wet my crown. Eventually she slowly lowered herself down my shaft until she hit bottom. She stayed there looking down at me gently rocking back and forth. I reached up and tweaked her nipples. As I did this she closed her eyes and tilted her head back while letting out a moan. I moved my hands down to her hips and started lifting her up and down slowly at first gradually building up momentum.
I rolled Molly onto her back with me still inside her and she said, "Make love to me." I did just that. For the next half hour we made love in numerous positions until we climax together. It was a wonderful experience one we replicated three more times that day. From that day forward we were a couple.
Damian was never heard from again. Frank called me and said that Doug told him that I handled the situation well and thanked me for protecting his daughter. Frank then surprised me by telling me her mother and he would be okay if we became something more than roommates. I just told him we were working on it. If he only knew what had happened earlier that day.
We made it known to our friends that we were together. Everyone appeared to be really happy for us. The only other person we needed to tell was Sean. Even though they had opened up their relationship I still felt liked I betrayed my old friend.
We would need not have worried as Sean was happy for us. In fact he was about to call Molly to tell her he had met someone over there. I could tell that upset Molly a little bit. It was okay to tell him but she didn't like being the person told. The feeling was short lived.
The rest of the year went great. We moved into the same room and lived as a couple. When summer came around I took Molly to meet my family. They loved her and she loved them.
The next Christmas we got engaged but were not going to marry until I finished veterinary school and Molly completed her Master's in education.
We only saw Sean once during my three years of Veterinary School. He came over at the end of his second season bringing his new girlfriend with him. She was white and beautiful. Molly and she hit it off great and she was aware of Sean and Molly's past. I still considered him my best friend and wanted him to be my best man. He accepted. I know it is strange to have your fiancé ex-lover be your best man but Molly was cool with it so it was to be.
We planned on getting married right after we both graduated, me with my DVM and Molly with her Masters. We planned it so Sean would be able to attend. Unfortunately Sean and his girlfriend split about two weeks before our wedding so he came solo and depressed. He said he loved her but her family was against her being with a black guy. Racism is found in Europe too.
Sean showed up about five days before the ceremony and stayed with us in our bungalow. He wasn't himself. The breakup hit him hard. The first night there we sat around, talked, had dinner and went to bed. The next day we picked up our tuxedos and ran a few errands. That night the boys were going out together for a small bachelor party nothing wild just drinks and a strip joint. The girls were getting together too. This way we will have a day to recover before the wedding.
Sean and I Uber home around 2:00 AM but no Molly. Sean and I sat around and talked about old times and the video I made came up. I told Sean that Molly and I watch it together. Sean said he also watched it especially since he broke up with his girl. I had burned it to a disc so we could watch it on the TV. I went and put it on and we had just started watching it when Molly came in. She was three sheets to the wind, feeling no pain.
Molly says, "I can't believe you guys were watching this." She didn't say anything about turning it off. We watched for about 10 minutes and Molly was next to me squirming in her seat. Sean and I had changed into our comfy clothes and his hard on was tenting his shorts. I am sure Molly had noticed. Molly was in a short black cocktail dress, no stockings. I started massaging her breasts with one hand and her upper thigh with the other. Molly reaches into my shorts and started stroking my cock. Sean kept glancing from the screen to the couch and back.
I reached Molly's pussy and she was soaked through her black laced panties. I started rubbing her clit and she started moaning but never took her eyes off the screen. I looked over to Sean and said, "Why don't you join us on the couch?" He looked at Molly who was glassy eyed and moaning.
Sean got up and slowly approached. Molly leaning back with her legs spread wide eyes closed. My hand was inside her panties stroking her clit. She was oblivious of him. I looked at him and then glanced down at her pussy. I then tilted her head towards me and we started kissing. He got the idea and dropped to his knees. I removed my hand and stretched the fabric to the side exposing her juicy pussy to Sean. Molly groaned in disappointment when I stopped touching her a groan that soon turned to a moan of passion as Sean leaned in with his tongue out and touched her clit. Soon Molly was quivering in my arms as Sean brought her to her first orgasm of the night.
Molly likes to be fucked right after an orgasm so I told Sean, "Take off her panties and fuck her."
Sean hesitated as Molly said, "No, we shouldn't do this."
I looked at her and said, "I like to watch and I want to share you with him. You know you want to, don't you?" She just nodded her head yes.
Sean saw her nod he gripped her panties and she raised her hips allowing him to slowly slide them down her shapely legs. He then pushed down his shorts exposing his rigid cock. He stroked it a few times before positioning at her entrance before sliding into her love channel. Molly let out a loud groan as he impaled her. She came again as he bottomed out.
This was the first time in three years that Molly had been intimate with anyone but I and the first time in three years that I got to watch Molly get fucked. Sean started to piston in and out of Molly. As he sped up Molly broke away from me wrapping her arms and legs around Sean like a tree frog. Molly pulled his head down initiating a passionate kiss. Sean broke the kiss and said, "I'm close." He then started hammering into Molly. Molly's head was rolling back and forth and grunting with his every stroke. Sean then buried his cock in her and held it while groaning loud. I knew he was filling her up with his cum. His climax initiated Molly's climax as her body went into convulsions.
After a minute or two Sean pulled out his semi-hard shaft coated in their combined juices. Molly's pussy had a steady stream of cum running out as she laid, her legs still wide apart as her body periodically jerked with the aftershocks of their mating.
After watching their love making I was rock solid and needed some relief. As Sean retreated to the chair he had come from I took his place between her legs. I placed her ankles on my shoulders and slid my penis into her vagina and fucked her harder than I normally do. Molly arms and legs were flailing as she was staring right at me saying, "Fuck me, just like that, harder." All of sudden she let out a big gasp of air, almost like she had been hit in the stomach. Her eyes rolled up into her head and she passed out in the middle of her orgasm. I kept on stroking in and out until I added my spunk with Sean's.
I looked at Sean and he was hard again. I looked at Molly who was still out but breathing deeply. Her eyes started fluttering and then they shot open with a bewildered look and she said, "What the fuck was that?"
Sean and I laughed and I said, "I think that was the mother of all orgasms." I then said, "Let's go to bed. Sean care to join us?" I got up and extended my hand to Molly. She stood on shaky legs. I decided to pick her up and carry her to our California king bed. I laid her in the middle as Sean crawled next to her on her right me on her left. She was asleep in minutes. Sean and I soon joined her in dreamland.
I awoke to the sounds of Molly giving Sean a morning blow job. She was on her side with her head on his stomach. He was slowly rocking his hips as she sucked. I lifted her leg and her pussy was still a juicy mess from last night. I slowly inserted my morning wood into her. Molly lifted her head and said, "Easy big boy I'm a little sore down there. Go soft and slow." Sean climaxed first Molly letting it run out of mouth onto his stomach. She then reached down and manipulated her clit and gave herself a mini orgasm as I added my load to her already filled pussy.
Molly jumped up and claimed the shower. Sean exited to his room to do the same. I just laid there for moment thinking about the last 24 hours. I smiled to myself and went to join Molly.
While showering together she asked me if I was okay with what happened. I told her no regrets she said the same. After we showered Molly took her overnight bag to meet up with the bridal party who were staying at the hotel together. They needed to be there in the morning for hair and makeup. Sean and I had a suite with my groomsmen at the same hotel so we packed up and headed over. We had strict instructions to stay away from the ladies.
The wedding went off without a hitch. The reception was great. Everyone was having a great time. It looked like Sean and Abby might hookup. We took our limo back to the hotel and consummated our vows in the bridal suite. The next morning we flew to Hawaii for our honeymoon.
The next few years were sexually uneventful. On a personal note I bought into a veterinarian practice and Molly started a teaching job with a local high school. She is also the girls soccer coach. Life was great. For our second year anniversary we decided to go to Europe and visit Sean and Abby while there. Yes, Sean and Abby hooked up at our wedding. She went to Europe to visit him and decided to stay.
We spent a week in Italy sightseeing and then we made plans for a week in France. We were going to meet Sean and Abby in Paris for three days. We were excited about meeting up with them mainly due to our history. Sean was with Molly and I had been with Abby. This will be the first time we have all been together since the wedding.
We rented a very nice two bedroom suite in Downtown Paris in the shadow of the Eiffel Tower. The first night in town we went out for a great dinner had a couple bottles of wine. We ended back at the suite and just sat around for a couple of hours shooting the shit as old friends do. We finally called it a night and off we went to our rooms. When Molly and I were in bed I asked her, "When you see Sean do you ever think about your past with him?"
"Of course I do it's hard not to. Do you ever look at Abby and think about your past?"
I responded as I reached between her legs and started to rub her clit. "A little but I like to remember watching you fuck Sean more. You know the voyeur in me takes over when we are all together."
"Shut up and fuck me." I did and I swear I could hear Abby in Sean doing the same thing in the next room.
The next day the girls wanted to do some shopping so Sean and I did a little sightseeing and we met back up later to clean up and go to another nice restaurant. After dinner we hit a couple of downtown clubs had a few drinks and returned to our suite late. The girls had been whispering off and on all night so when we got in they both told us to sit and headed to the bedrooms. Sean and I just looked at each other wondering what was going on.
The girls soon came out wearing the French National team soccer jerseys. One was blue and one was white. Abby spoke first, "You know we are best friends and were road roommates in college and as roommates we told each other everything and I mean everything."
Molly chimed in, "We talked about our sex lives and we would get so hot we would end up touching each other." They then started roaming their hands of each other's bodies. "Sometimes we couldn't stop until we got each other off."
Abby then said, "Do the two of you want to watch us relive that experience?"
We both shook our heads in the affirmative. Molly then said, "If you want to see it we need to hear you ask for it."
I didn't hesitate and said, "Yes, please I want to watch."
Sean just said, "Me too."
The girls then started kissing and rubbing each other's boobs through their jerseys. They were really getting into each other. Sean and I just stared open mouth. Molly dropped to her knees and placed her head under Abby's jersey and based on Abby's reaction Molly was licking her clit. Abby bowed her knees out of her long legs giving Molly greater access to her womanly treasure. Abby soon came on Molly's face. Abby had a hold of Molly's head moved her hands down to her shoulders and pushed her back so Molly was flat on the floor. Abby then went to her hands and knees, butt high in the air and started eating out Molly. Abby stopped lifted her head up and said, "I need a cock in me now."
Sean looked at me and gestured towards Abby's ass. I looked at Molly she just nodded her head. I stripped in an instance and was soon pile driving into Abby's super wet pussy. Molly looked at Sean and used a crooked finger to summon him to her. She was soon sucking on his big black dick. I was in a voyeurs' heaven fucking Abby as she ate out Molly as Molly was sucking Sean. I couldn't take the stimulation and shot a big load into Abby. Molly came soon thereafter at which time Sean switched with Abby and started fucking Molly. Abby squatted on Molly's face, facing Sean as they kissed. I was in a chair watching and I was okay with that. Soon they all climax and lay on the floor in a heap.
After a brief period of recuperation Molly said the girls decided today to spice up the vacation and that I was to go with Abby and she would be spending the night with Sean. She asked if any objections. I said, "Only if we leave the doors open." Everyone agreed and off we went. I guess we are officially swingers now.
I awoke the next morning expecting to see Abby but to my surprised pleasure Molly was staring at me with her big brown eyes. She just said, "Abby and I thought it would be good to wake up with our guys." I just kissed her and we snuggled and went back to sleep for another hour or so.
There was no guilt in the group based on what happened and we repeated the performance the last night together. The highlight was getting to watch Abby and Molly in a 69 in which they orgasm together. I always liked girl on girl porn but in person was the best.
The next morning we said our goodbyes with a plan to meet up sometime in the near future. It would be two years later when Abby and Sean wed and the Best man, me and the maid of honor; Molly helped the newlyweds consummate their vows. It was the first time Molly had been with someone besides me after we had our first child, a boy named Sean. A year later Sean and Abby welcomed baby Molly a month after we had baby Abby. We have made it a point to get together every two years.
After the kids were in school things started to get a little boring in our sex lives. We enjoyed our rendezvous with Sean and Abby but we were looking for a little more. For our ten year anniversary we took a trip to the Bahamas and stayed in an all inclusive resort. We had a butler for our cabin and he was a young good-looking black islander. After the third day I noticed Molly stared at him a lot and he was constantly admiring her bikini clad body. I asked her if she was interested in a little extra marital play. She didn't answer and I said, "You know I like to watch so I'm okay if you are okay." She was okay with it so I spoke to Wilson and arranged for the two of them to be together. He told me this was a very common practice at this resort.
For the next few days I got to watch Molly and Wilson fuck. She loved it, I loved it and I know Wilson enjoyed it. We went home happy and rejuvenated. Now every year we go on an island vacation and on that vacation we find a local for Molly to fuck and for me to watch. It is our little kink. We don't mess around at home but what happens in the islands stays on the islands.
I have to go Walker is at the door.