Although I've written several short stories in the past and edited several more, this is my first attempt at publishing. No-one has seen my stories before, so I thought I would publish on Literotica. This story is based on a very recent visit to a nudist beach (Nov 2012). Part of the story is fact and part is fiction. I openly welcome feedback, particularly if you are interested in the themes herein. If you wish to contact me via Literotica I will be happy to personally reply.
*
As is often the case we had another disagreement on holiday. We had done most of the sightseeing Sally, my wife, insists upon and I was looking forward to another trip to the beach. She-who-decides-all, however, wanted to go shopping. By this I mean clothes shopping, which all men are genetically programmed to hate. So we did a deal. She took the bus to town with 150 of our holiday euros and I went to the beach with not much more than enough to buy a lunchtime baguette and a couple of large beers (sunbathing is thirsty work!).
I'd noticed on our previous trip to the beach that there was a nudist area signposted. I guess I've never walked anywhere with such a spring in my step as on that day. Being the ultimate pessimist I guessed the nudist beach would be frequented by the old and wrinkly brigade but I was wrong. There was quite a mixture of all ages and, given the warm Gran Canarian sunshine and agreeable sea temperature, quite a number of them were taking a dip in the sea. All save the odd few were couples, with a few single men venturing further into the waves.
By this time most of the sun loungers were taken, but I spotted a vacant one between two couples - one couple rather older than myself and one couple somewhat younger. It didn't take long for the attendant to arrive and, my hire fee duly paid, I stripped off and applied the due amount of factor 30 to my still pale body, laid down and enjoyed the soothing warm caress of the sun.
Not too long afterwards, body heat mounting, I decided it was time to take a dip. As I rose I couldn't help but notice the smooth tanned body of my younger neighbour's wife. She had been laid there next to me and I hadn't noticed the smooth curves of female perfection. I did now. Mentally duly noted as I looked maybe rather longer than I should have, slowly making my way past her, through to the gap between the sun loungers and off to the sea.
My wife (these days) being oh so prim and proper, we had never been to a nudist area of a beach before. Yes, there had been odd times she had removed her bikini top in the hope of a few more square centimetres of tanned flesh, but never to a nudist beach. It's hard to describe the feeling of freedom and freshness of exposed genitals in the hot sun and brisk sea air. Nor is there anything more delightful than cool sea water directly touching. Needless to say, it is very pleasant.
As always, going into a much lower than body temperature sea is quite a shock at first and my progress was slow. I had ventured in almost waist deep when I noticed a very pleasant sensation. The slow lapping of the waves was gently and very persuasively tickling my balls. At the same time the larger waves were making my penis flop up and down in a somewhat random fashion. Then I noted my flaccid floppy penis was suddenly flopping no more as each wave gently persuaded my cock to stand to attention. As there was no-one close by I allowed the feeling to intensify, my eyes momentarily closing to savour the moment. Suddenly feeling guilty in case I should offend anyone, I quickly moved forward to submerge the offending member.
After I had been in the water several minutes, I remembered the certain female who had added an unknown person to her list of admirers. I made my way back to my sun lounger, taking as much time as I dared to pass by this beautiful naked lady.
Once on my lounger I thought over the previous half-hour .... the sights, the new sensations and my slightly guilty and muddled thoughts. It's hard to describe how beautiful she was. A perfect lightly tanned complexion, smooth soft neck and shoulders, shortish curly light bown hair, blissfully contoured firm breasts - ample and caressable 34c I would guess - pert and juicy mid brown nipples, each surrounded by a lighter shaded areola. She had a slim but not anorexic waist, flat and well toned tummy, perfect hips, long and slender legs. And the most delicious part of all - lovingly shaven, ultra smooth pussy mound with the most deeply desirable valley that any glamour model would die for.
She-who-thinks-50 Shades of Grey is a hairdresser's reference book would by now be happily spending our holiday euros and pangs of guilt kept tugging at my conscience. There had been a time when we first met that she too liked the smooth as silk feel of freshly shaven pubes. I could remember the first time she told me how fresh and airily cool she felt when I persuaded her to let me trim down there - especially when going into town wearing a short but not indecently short summer skirt and somehow forgetting her panties. I could remember too the pungent but sexually highly arousing mixture of pee, sweat and very private female scent was during my trimming. How aroused I had become, how unexplainedly, almost terminally aroused I had become, almost cumming in my pants the first time I had trimmed and shaved, kissed and caressed that most beautiful part of her body. The morning after when I could still smell her bodily perfume under my finger nail. Those were the the days too when she would appreciate the arousal I was giving her. The little kisses and tongue flicks my mouth bestowed on her. And the dizzily fantastic coupling to follow.
This however was some years ago. We still had regular sex - without fail - on birthdays, on our wedding anniversary and sometimes even on holiday. I still trim her, usually in summer when she gets too hot and itchy, but these days the time elapsed between trimmings gets longer and longer. And the trips into town without panties are now long since gone.
I became aware during my reverie how my wandering thoughts were arousing me. Visibly arousing. What would my neighbours think? The thought of this alone and the possible consequences caused me to switch track. Very quickly.
I decided it was time for another dip in the sea. OK, you know me by now ...... it was time for my voyeuristic inner self to get another fix, enjoying the eye candy spread all over this part of the beach. During my time of reverie my neighbour or her husband had applied a thin coat of protective oil the length of her body. This only served to highlight every little curve and contour of her delicious skin. My eyes became fixed on that dimple that sat at the top of her pussy groove. I can't ever remember such a deep and enticing valley as she had. God had surely used His best design abilities when creating such an enticing delight. A gentle but persistent flow of blood was oozing slowly into my cock again. Enraptured but embarrassed I turned away ..... just in time to see her eyes flick open then shut again. Had she seen me looking? Had she swiftly glimpsed the effect she was having on me? I walked briskly to the waves lapping on the beach, hoping that my inability to control my natural male reaction hadn't given me away.
Once safely at the waters edge the coolness of the sea quickly chilled my body's over enthusiasm to betray me. But not for long. I soon remembered how the gentle swell of the sea had caused a very pleasant feeling in my balls and cock and by moving slightly this persistent coaxing could be maximized. I looked around several times but no-one was taking the slightest notice.
My senses recharged I suddenly realised how hungry and thirsty I had become. The beach bar had a variety of baguette sandwiches. I chose cheese and ham and a large beer. Sadly the female bar owner was not nude but most stood waiting were. I returned to my sun lounger and started to eat my lunch.
As I walked back, I noticed the couple next to me talking. They were German, I could tell that, but my knowledge of German was limited to 'ein hotdog bitte, 'ein bier bitte, and 'haben sie ein zimmer?' A short while after I'd started eating the German man sat up, looked across and said "Deutsch?"
I replied I was English.
"Ah! English. Your wife is not here?"
"No, we argued. I gave her 150 Euro to buy clothes in town. I hate shopping. She shops, I sunbathe."
"You like mein wife? You look, often, nein?" At this I felt somewhat unnerved. I was about to be lectured to by a German.
"Your wife is pretty, very pretty. I like to look at pretty ladies." I thought perhaps a little charm might ease the situation.
"Klaus," he said. "Und mein frau, Heidi." He held out his hand. "Heidi I'm afraid doesn't speak any English.
I shook his hand. "Brian," I answered, and offered a smile.
"You are good Englishman, you haf answered mein question honestly. You give your wife money to clothes shop. You are good husband. Mein wife likes you. She likes that good honest strangers adore her beauty. It makes her feel, how you say? Sexy. Verr sexy. You understand?"
"So you don't mind, Klaus? Your wife doesn't mind?"
"Heidi feel sexy is good for me," he replied with a wink.
The rest of the afternoon passed. There were a number of ladies on the beach with shaven pubes but no-one like Heidi. From time to time blood engorged then released its power on my cock. Each time my arousal felt better. She-who-knows-everything would not get to know anything at all of this afternoon. I wanted to keep it that way.
I made more visits to the cooling but secretly arousing sea. Each time I returned Heidi's legs seemed a little further apart. I could easily see her sex, her private valley of pleasure. It was a personal show, just for me.
The area around our sun beds was becoming more and more quiet. People were leaving, two by two, as teatime came and went. The sun was getting lower when Klaus and Heidi walked over to me whilst I was in the water. Klaus had a camera in his hand.
"Now we are friends you will take photo of Heidi and me? You will please Brian?"
"Sure," I said, delighted to help.
The camera was top notch. German made of course. Klaus looked at the photo on the small monitor. "Das ist good photo. Verr good photo. You take more photo, yes?"
"Yes," I answered.
"You have camera too? You go fetch camera. Take photo souvenir."
I needed no second offer. As a wannabe amateur photographer I carried my camera with me all the time. I took a duplicate photo of Klaus and Heidi in the water, followed by one of Heidi alone ..... OK, to be honest I also lowered the camera, zoomed up and took a photo of my favourite part of Heidi.
Klaus looked around the beach. It was getting real late now and there were very few people on the beach. In the back of my mind I was aware that she-who-spends-money-faster-than-I-earn-it would be back from shopping and wondering where I was.
'Komm," said Klaus, "We go take more photos. Ja?"
I wasn't sure exactly what he meant until we got back to the loungers.
"You take good photo," Klaus repeated. "I like, Heidi like. You take, how you say, naughty photo? You like? You will help?"
Stuff the wife! I wasn't going to turn this down. Picture yourself in my place. You wouldn't too.
Klauss made some adjustments to his camera. "This camera now film. You film us, ja?"
A quick glance around and no-one was nearby. Me, a porno movie maker? No, this was a dream. I was still on my sun lounger, dreaming erotic dreams. Well, no. I wasn't. It was real. I'd heard about couples doing similar .... overt arousal and sex on the beach.
The camera set up, Klaus started carefully caressing Heidi in just the right way, just the right places. I soon had a boner any porn film stud would be proud of. Blood couldn't pulse fast enough, hard enough into my throbbing cock. It would split my foreskin surely. Visual Viagra, and all for free. I saw parts of Heidi that many men would pay a king's ransom for.
After a while Klaus said, "Now you. I film, you please Heidi. She like even more new friends to touch. You like, ja?"
I thought for a moment about she-who-must-be-obeyed but again I needed no further asking. Klaus I could see was equally hard as I was. Cast iron solid. How could just a simple flow of blood make such a pleasurable difference?
I took my time exploring Heidi's body. Klaus's attentions had already sensitised Heidi's skin and swollen her sex. She had her eyes shut, small flickers of pleasure on her face became more intense. Her breathing became faster. Eventually I reached the part which previously was only a visual delight. The soft, deep, moist valley of her pussy mound yielded easily to my finger tip and her legs parted as if by reflex rather than by conscious movement. A little further down and my fingertip became coated by a copious amount of that delicious nectar, her most secret, most sexual lubricant.
My most purposeful, persistent but gentle probing brought her to orgasm. No loud moans, hardly any body movement just a delightful body shiver and a long sigh. A ripple of pure pleasure from tip to toes.
All of the time Klaus filmed, recorded this for future viewing. He seemed pleased with the result, his wife brought to orgasm by someone else. Not a stranger any longer - we were friends by Klaus's admission.
"You are good man," said Klaus. "Now Heidi repay your patience. She is good masseuse. You change place with her, ja?
Again I needed no further persuasion. She-who-misses-nothing would have to wait.
As I was bid, I lay face down on the sun lounger. I could feel the cool oily lotion poured on to my back, followed by a very well practiced Heidi massaging all the muscles on my back. Then suddenly I felt an oily finger press against the tight opening to my anus. Gently, carefully and presistently I could feel Heidi's finger pushing further and further inside. This was a new and very pleasant sensation for me - something I'd never tried and certainly something Sally had never tried on me. A weird but wonderful feeling which only served to heighten my arousal still more. The sensation suddenly stopped as Heidi removed her finger and beckoned me to turn over.
Next came an assault on more of my senses. Her tongue licked and her fingers tickled my nipples, a further coating of massage/ sun oil was applied to my stomach, sides, legs, thighs - I just didn't know where she would massage next until I felt the cool oil applied to my very swollen cock. But cunning she was too and very aware of my response for she knew exactly when to stop and when to start again. Holding me in suspense. Time and time again.
And then the most unexpected thing happened. Very swiftly she stood up, straddled me and lowered herself on to my cock. All in a flash, obviously practiced to perfection.
Despite my thoughts about her, she was very tight - in full control of the very muscles that mattered most to Klaus and whoever else they met. With the oil, the lubrication and expert muscles she could have been a living vacuum pump. Sadly, very sadly, my highly aroused, teased cock took only moments to erupt its full load.
Klaus all the time had been filming. Not masturbating. His turn for pleasure would surely come later. We left with simple handshakes and a hug from Heidi. Klaus has my email address but hasn't been in touch yet.
Back at the hotel, Sally arrived around 15 minutes later. She had met up with one of the other ladies at the hotel - we had met her and her husband several times in the piano bar. They had been round town trying on clothes and shoes, losing track of time. Sally was in really good mood, had several clothes bags and was really apologetic both for being late and for arguing earlier. She told me she'd make it up in bed later.
But that, my friends, is another story.