Fantasy love is much better than reality love.
Andy Warhol
***
Is foreplay when you get the couple next door involved?
***
Brief recap: Rob had been missing Andy, his long time best friend, who had died following a tragic car crash. During a meeting with a Clairvoyant / Medium, Andy's spirit had transferred into Rob's body, along with some of his physical attributes. Rob had been asked to look after Emma, Andy's girlfriend, but found her high maintenance and expensive to please. Helen, Rob's elder sister, had sampled Rob's enhanced baby making kit and his much improved self confidence. Their mother (Christine) knows a little about the Clairvoyant evening and Emma, but not everything. The story continues:
A week or two passed and things seemed to cool. Rob smiled to himself as he toiled with the idea that Andy was perhaps on a heavenly vacation - wasn't it called being on cloud nine? Then came an evening that told him that perhaps Andy's visit to cloud nine had come to an end. Helen had used some of her accumulated flexitime to finish early so she and Rob could have a full evening swimming. Christine more-or-less told Helen what she'd told Rob: it was good that she and her brother were getting on well. Rob and Helen exchanged a wink and a smile. Little did mum know why.
If truth be known Rob, having 'merged' with Andy, had suspicions that Helen was morphing into Emma - perhaps he should have showered instead of chancing Emma's dried juices entering big sister's honeypot. After the encounter in the woods, Helen had suggested they try out the jacuzzi. Perhaps he shouldn't have confided in Helen about his evening with Emma, but there again perhaps this was Andy's plan. Rob might never know.
It was at the pool that Helen also mentioned the occasional nudist swims. "Ask the lifeguard," she insisted.
"He might be more inclined to tell you," advised her younger brother, and he was probably right.
"He doesn't know who runs the nude sessions," she reported back a few minutes later. "He got on his walkie-talkie thing and the reception are going to give us the details."
There was no repeat of the naked shower like Emma had done, nor the need for a fuck in a large changing cubicle. On the way out Rob spoke to the receptionist.
"As far as I know," she said, "They welcome new couples and they're due again on the first Saturday evening of next month. I'm Jasmine by the way. Hopefully my boyfriend and I will be there."
"So you're members too?" asked Rob.
"Yes, Andy mentioned it a couple of times. We tried it and loved it." Although Rob had visited the pool many times, he took notice of Jasmine's eyes for the first time; bright, sparkling ebony eyes that almost drew you in, richly sensuous eyes that demanded your attention.
"Oh, silly, I almost forgot," she said, pushing her chair back and leaning forward to pick up her purse. Rob watched her breasts move, her open, ill-fitting blouse offering a tempting view. Purse in hand she caught his eyes stealing a peek. She smiled the briefest of smiles, opened her purse and took out a small card. She leaned forward again to copy the number on to a Post-it, handed the paper to Rob and smiled again. Rob thought the second brief view of her tits wasn't given accidentally. She too sneaked a look - at Rob's bulge. "It starts at 7pm," she said, "Don't be late."
***
"Hi, how can I help," said Jeff.
"Er, is that the man who organises the erm ... swimming sometimes ... for people who want to ... " said Helen, very nervously. Rob had thought she was the least likely to be thought of as a random pervert.
"Can i ask how you got my number," asked Jeff.
"Well it was the town pool receptionist, Jasmine. Andy Jenkins was a good friend of my brother. Andy died in that horrific car accident, he and his girlfriend Emma used to swim with your group. We wondered if we'd be able to come."
"Yes, I know who you mean. I heard about the tragic accident. Andy was a good friend of one of our members and, yes, I do organise the nude swims but we're very careful who we allow in." He paused a few moments. "You and your brother you say? You're both over 18?"
"Yes."
"I need to take down some details then I'll post you a visitor form. We need it completed; bring it on the night with photo ID; drivers licence, student card, passport etc." He continued, briefly outlining the club's conditions and stressing that in order to swim regularly they would need to become members. The form arrived in a plain envelope two days later with a glossy leaflet about the club.
Rob and Helen went swimming twice again before the all important Saturday arrived. Jasmine was on duty the second time. After swimming Rob and Helen stopped to chat with her for a few minutes and it seemed she knew Andy quite well, Emma - his latest girlfriend too. Jasmine was 21; older than Rob but younger than Helen.
"Andy was a great guy, very friendly and not afraid to chat me up," she smiled, "Even with Emma there. I was really sad to hear he'd died as a result of that drunk driver causing the smash. The police are prosecuting him, they charged him with involuntary manslaughter, drunk driving and a few extra charges. The car wasn't even taxed or insured."
"I'd known Andy from when we first started school - I was 4," said Rob.
"How about your girlfriend, Helen," she turned her head, "Did you know him."
"Oh, only when he came round to seemy brother," Helen answered.
"I'm so sorry," saud Jasmine, "I just assumed ..."
"It's OK," they both laughed, "It's not the first time."
"You must be real close," said Jasmine, "Doing things together, and did Jeff say it was OK to come on Saturday?"
"Yes," they both answered together.
"Will it be your first time nude in public?"
"Well ... apart from Es Cavallet on Ibiza, yes," said Helen.
Rob turned to her, "You never told me."
"You never asked," was the curt reply, "Anyway, it was a girls' holiday."
"Tell me if I'm being to personal, but presumably you've not seen each other naked?"
"I don't think it will matter," Rob chipped in, swerving the direct question, "If everybody else there is nude too."
Jasmine smiled broadly, "Well there's a good mix of ages there, but I think it's fantastic the two of you want to go together. Anyway I have to cash up - we'll be closing soon. Hopefully I'll see you there Saturday and introduce you to Jack, my boyfriend."
Almost without thinking, Rob said, "I'll look forward to seeing more of you."
"That works both ways," said Jasmine, smiling, "I do hope you don't disappoint."
Helen gave Rob such a glare that could have bored straight through the reception desk. "My room," she said, as soon as they arrived home.
***
It took Jeff the organiser just a few minutes to check the form and IDs, giving them a temporary pass. They paid the admission and went through to the changing area.
"Hi," said Jasmine, and introduced Jack. They were both naked, stuffing their clothes into a locker without paying the deposit and taking the key. "It's a pain having to keep the key on a wristband and the key gets hot in the sauna," He explained. Rob watched as Helen eyed Jack up and down. OK, he had muscles in the right places and a near total tan with just a tiny white bit, obviously protecting the part that mattered. Of that he was only average, Rob noted, although penis length, he later found out, wasn't the only thing girls considered in a man - even a naked man. "We'll wait in the cafe for you," said Jasmine, "We thought you might be a little nervous first time."
Looking around it seemed hardly anyone used the changing cubicles; perhaps it didn't matter. Rob's eye was caught by the wide range of quality underwear the ladies were discarding - it was almost like one of those Party Plan ladies only evenings ... or so he'd been told. His mind immediately went back to Andy's parent's bathroom, inhaling Helen's dried, musky, intimate and very sexy aroma from a pair of her equally sexy panties he'd 'borrowed' for the day. How good it would be, how fucking good if he could sneak back to an unlocked locker and ... shit, he was already firming up.
Although he knew it was an 18+ club - or at least the swim nights were - a petite young lady with the smallest of tits and hardly any waistline was just in the process of discarding her panties - shaved too, just how he preferred.
"Rob!" growled Helen. "You're here with me so screw your eyeballs back in their sockets." Perhaps it was as well, for Little Miss Tiny Tits' partner arrived - all of 6ft something and built like a brick shit house. Rob lowered his eyes and, after deciding to close the locker in case anyone made off with their ID cards, he followed Helen like a naughty puppy, even though her eyes had already scanned Jack's physique.
Jasmine waved. She and Jack were seated at one of the cafe tables. Hmmm, cafe was perhaps a posh name for what was really just a small serving counter and half a dozen tables. It was always closed the evenings Rob had been there and often in the afternoons too. A grumpy middle aged woman was serving a selection of hot and cold drinks, almost out-of-date biscuits (cookies in the UK are usually upmarket biscuits, with an upmarket price) and salted snacks. The coffee that Rob bought was bitter, overpriced and lukewarm. He made a mental note.
Jasmine beamed, putting her hand under the table and on to Rob's thigh, "It's so good to see you Helen and so sweet that you're so comfortable naked with each other." Rob couldn't help but notice how her hand moved, her eyes - her deeply enticing eyes - checked that Helen's eyes were elsewhere. Hell, her fingers lightly tickled. What kind of event was it? Partner swapping? He dismissed the idea - Jasmine was just being friendly. Helen was in animated conversation with Jack but he had his hands above the table.
"It's nice to see someone who isn't a complete stranger," said Helen, smiling back. The four chatted for a short while, Jasmine to Rob, Helen to Jack. Jasmine's fingers never actually touched his cum gun, but came very close.
"The sauna and steam room are included in the admission price," said Jasmine, "You can join us there later if you wish. You'll need a towel though to sit on, for hygiene reasons."
The swimming pool complex was quite big though parts were often cordoned off if they were short staffed and, Rob assumed, to save money when the complex was not so busy - off-peak times were school term time afternoons and most evenings after 6pm. Money had been donated by some large business group as an acknowledgement of their roots in the town; starting up as a small business it had grown and the founder had been a swimming enthusiast so he had matched the town council's contribution to create a splendid complex.
The main pool - UK standard 25 metres - was open all the time to anyone who wanted to swim for fitness. There was a smaller fun pool with a wave machine, an even smaller pool for kids swimming lessons and of course a heated jacuzzi. The carefully considered design offered waterfalls and fountains and a plethora of eye-catching curves. Rob and Helen both tried the flumes, one of them quite scary which dropped the rider into a plunge pool at the end. Helen was more keen to try and retry and, well, Rob wandered off on his own.
At the far end of the flumes, just before the sauna and steam, was an area with sun loungers with a large span of open glass above. The idea was that, even on a cold day outside, if the sun shone it made an ideal place to relax. Rob passed one woman, he guessed the same age as his mum, laid asleep, or at least eyes closed. Even in her, perhaps, late 40s she was stunning, her smaller than average breasts still firm, her waist slim and her legs long and toned. What pleased Rob was her beautiful lack of pubic hair. Despite the years, despite any babies, she had kept the finely sculptured look that nature had, in her teens, granted her. Rob slowed as he passed, momentarily stopped to adore her beauty, realised Andy's gift to him was swelling then moved on.
"She's beautiful, isn't she?" came a voice from behind him. Rob turned. "It's OK son, don't worry. The whole point of nudity is to let others admire the beauties of the human form."
Rob nodded, and with a suddenly dry throat croaked, "Yes, but you don't mind?"
"Not at all, son. You're still young and maybe Frances is a similar age to your mum."
"Probably, but I haven't seen mum without any clothes on." Rob answered, "And she, Frances, looks a similar build to mum - her breasts, waist, height and even hair are almost the same."
"It pleases me and it pleases my wife," said the man, "That you are able to enjoy what she has to share." He turned to her, "Frances, you have an admirer."
She opened her eyes, raised her head slowly and gave Rob the once-over. She smiled and offered her hand, "Pleased to meet you ..."
"Rob."
"Pleased to meet you Rob, you're quite a handsome young man." Her eyes flicked down to Rob's semi and he automatically covered himself. "Oh no, Rob, don't be embarrassed. It's quite a normal reaction for a young man like you." She swung her feet off the lounger and stood facing Rob. "Please, sit," she motioned to the lounger, "You won't be as obvious, though I'm sure that no one will be offended and it certainly wouldn't be the first time a young man has had the same problem here."
Her husband laughed, "Not at all, in fact one young man had ..."
"OK, OK Harry, we don't need all the details," she said, laughing. "So, I look a bit like your mum? Tell me which part you like the best."
Rob remained silent, his tongue appeared to be stuck and wouldn't move. His mouth was dry. His eyes, however, told tales.
"Come on now. Don't be so shy."
A voice suddenly sounded in his head,'Go on then,'.Rob finally spoke, "It's your, your," He pointed, "I like women smooth and you're just, just so perfect." Frances quickly scanned the area around and moved towards Rob. Her shaved pussy was now just inches away from him. "I like compliments and just for a moment or two I want to be your mother. Does she shave?"
"I ... I ... I don't know."
"Would you like to touch?"
"Y ... y ... Yes. Please."
"Are you here alone?"
"No, my sister is on the flume."
"Your sister? Interesting, do you often see her naked?"
"Not often, well, just recently."
"That's good, many would envy you. She shaves?
"Yes, and before you ask, yes she's allowed me to touch." How the fuck had he just admitted that?
"That's good, now give me your hand." Rob did so, and she guided his fingers at first, then allowed him to fully appreciate the smooth curves of her most intimate place. "I'm sorry," Frances said, "But swimming in here has taken away my natural scent. I expect you do appreciate a woman's natural scent?"
Rob nodded, "When I get the chance."
"Rob, I'm so happy you appreciate me and you've been honest. Go to locker #103 and you'll find a pink bag. On the top you'll find my knickers, they're lacy and deep red. Take them but don't tell anyone. Promise?"
"Sure ... I mean, don't you mind?"
"They're a small gift to you. My husband and I will talk about this when we get home, then we'll fuck. I'm sure you'll understand. One last thing; I want you to kiss me and I want to kiss you," she pointed to her vee to make sure Rob understood. They exchanged kisses, Rob's pride standing like a steel soldier. There was just a faint trace of red lipstick.
Rob collected the lacy, red knickers - the sexiest pair he'd ever seen close up. As everyone was busy enjoying the swim or a chat he put them to his nose. They smelled absolutely divine.
Later that evening Frances and Harry talked about Rob, what Frances had done had happened several times before: no, many times before. The pair fucked like rabbits.
Rob returned to a raised area. He could see Helen climbing the flume stairs for the umpteenth time, then suddenly he felt a pair of very firm breasts pressing into his back and two hands reaching round, brushing his nipples lightly before covering his eyes.
"Guess who," said a familiar voice.
"No idea," joked a surprised Rob, "Give me another clue."
"How about?" the voice replied, a kiss and a tiny lick on the nape of his neck sent a pleasure tingle down his spine, the owner of the voice lightly tickled his nipples again and the firm breasts pressed tighter against his back.
He turned, "Emma! Wow, didn't expect you here."
She pouted a very sexy lower lip, "So I'm not welcome?"
"Sure you're welcome, just didn't expect you."
She frowned. Even her frown came from a very sexy face, "Andy made us both members and it's a shame to waste it. You've been avoiding me." The second pout was even sexier.
"I'm really sorry," said Rob, "I felt I couldn't keep up with you and I'd heard you had a new boyfriend." He was aware of her breasts lightly touching his chest. As she talked they moved slightly, alerting his prime weapon. Had he not known her she would have been severely invading his personal space, but he suddenly wanted her close.
She kissed him gently but firmly. "My new boyfriend was loaded ... with his own ego. He bought me stuff but he was a terrible fuck." Emma thought for a few moments, "How are you here?"
"We asked Jasmine, receptionist here. She gave us Jeff's details.
"We? Us?"
"Actually Helen my sister asked her. She's over there, queuing for the flume that drops you into the plunge pool."
"Then she won't miss you for a few minutes," said Emma, pulling him gently by the hand through a door marked'STAFF ONLY'. "It's OK," she assured Rob, this storeroom is only used when there's swimming lessons, school holidays or when there's a few kids in. It was almost full of floatables and inflatables, leaving just enough room for the two to stand. Oddly enough it seemed then that Emma was the only other human being in existence.
"I need you, Rob, urgently. I've missed you, I've missed your kisses and I need you inside me." As she pressed herself against him it was as if nothing else mattered. She kissed him, all the while pressing and moving her breasts and her perfectly smooth pussy against him. Her kiss was divine - heaven sent - for her lips tasted of the sweetest tropical fruit he'd ever dreamed. She opened her lips and their movement commanded him to obey, to open himself up for her desires.
'Look after her'came a voice in his head,'Take care of her needs, I'll help you.'And as if to make sure the message came across it rolled round and round in his head, quite like an earworms - one of those tunes you hear that just won't go away.
"Hey, sexy. Are you here or somewhere else?" Emma kissed him again, this time with her jaws fully open, her mouth available for him to explore. Their tongues roamed, saliva mixed with saliva, teeth clashed against teeth and all the while his erection grew, hardening until it was like steel. She pulled away, planting little kisses on his neck, his nipples, down his stomach and at the tip of his cock. "My, you're thicker than I remember," she said, "And I want you inside me." There was a low stack of foam mats and she lay on top, hoping they wouldn't spill over, "Now, please," she continued.
He didn't need any guiding. The tip of his cock entered her at first attempt and then he pushed firmly, causing her to draw breath as her hole widened. She was wet, not from the water but her own copious juices and soon he was fully inside her. Then the odd sensation came again - his cock was further expanding like one of those long balloons until she was completely full. He was sure it would hurt her, but her lubrication ensured all was smooth and well oiled. It was like a perfect piston inside the most expensive engine, tightly fitting but moving perfectly.
Emma moaned from the pleasure such tightness was giving her. The inner parts of vagina reacted swiftly to such firm pressure and every single inch of him gave her sex tube heavenly feelings. As Rob increased speed that pleasure was his too. "Not too fast," she whispered, "I don't want to cum yet." Rob didn't want that either; he slowed but every small movement intensified his satisfaction until he felt he was going to blow. But he didn't. In fact that feeling, that lovely intense feeling that told him to cum just stayed on and on. He was at the very top of the waterfall that would plunge him head first into a mind blowing orgasm but he just couldn't cum.
Emma meanwhile was simply making those little noises that assured him her feelings were the same. She too was kept hovering on the verge of orgasm. All the signs were there: her own movements of thrusting against him, her butt rising and her back arching, her moans and purrs of delight, and then with little warning, "Now," she said finally, "I want to cum now." The look on Emma's face was a mixture of delight, anticipation and intense concentration. Her mouth opened a little and her breathing deepened as Rob swiftly increased the speed of his thrusts, trying hard to pull back as far as he could to plunge into her love tube with his full length. She was panting, her breathing quickened, the soft moans became louder and then, all at once, she screamed as her orgasm pulsed through her. The pleasure ripples came fast to begin with then slowed, her orgasm lasting far longer than she was normally used to.
Meanwhile Rob was held on the brink. Despite his speed and deep plunging he couldn't cum. It felt, all the time, that he should spill his seed. The fantastic feeling that he was going to shoot lasted all the length of Emma's orgasm but he simply couldn't cum.'She needs more,'the voice said, 'Fuck her more, make her cum again and then I'll release you.'The ghost, the spirit of Andy was inside him, controlling every nerve. Andy had been quiet, not speaking inside him but Rob was now wildly aware that this was Andy, giving him pleasure and Emma pleasure too.
"Again?" asked Rob.
"Yes," Emma replied, still shaking from the pleasure ripples inside her, "Yes, please." And she smiled.
"Tell me when," said Rob, pumping his cock inside her. "I'll take you over again before I cum."
Emma smiled again, a dazzling smile with her topaz blue eyes sparkling, "Thank you." She shut her eyes to concentrate on the movement of the weapon of mass distraction deep inside her. Her smiling mouth opened wider as she drew in short breaths, it closed as her lips tightened, her tongue darting out to moisten them, she curled then lightly bit her lower lip, she raised her hips and unconsciously pushed against him, she sighed a deep sigh of pleasure as Rob speeded, she moaned soft moans of satisfaction as he brought her up to another peak. This time she didn't defer the inevitable but let her nerves and her senses ride, allowing her to ...
"Oh my god," she screamed again as first she came, quickly followed by Rob pumping his cum way up inside her.
"Argh, fuck, shit, Ohhhh," screamed Rob as the pleasure streamed through him, his cock pumping and pumping followed by an intense feeling of relaxation.
Cautiously Emma opened the door, quite expecting people to be wondering what the noise was. The wave machine was swishing away and many people were jumping and splashing as if they were 6 or 7 years old. No-one was around as she bid Rob stay a minute more before leaving.
When he did leave Emma was nowhere to be seen. Had he been used? He didn't know, but perhaps it was a joint Emma/ Andy act. Had Andy's spirit made its way into Emma? The logical solution was there. Rob knew Emma's dried juices had 'infected' (if that was the word) Helen and so if Andy was now in his DNA then fucking Emma would 'infect' her. But of course Andy had fucked Emma before he died, so either way Rob reasoned that what had taken place was a joint effort. Was he bothered? Hell no. That, he could well and truly say, had been the best fuck ever: Q.E.D.
Rob made his way to the flume staircase just as Helen appeared, dumped unceremoniously into the adjoining splash pool. He looked at the clock and noted he'd only been with Emma for ten minutes. Weird - time had almost stood still. This was getting seriously spooky, but his now flaccid cock, still a little red, told him that the wonder fuck had indeed been real.
"Did you think I got lost?" asked Helen.
"I watched you come down a few times," answered her brother, "And you seemed to queue for ages."
"Too long, but the adrenalin rush is fantastic. What now?"
"I'd like a cold drink, maybe a milkshake," offered Rob.
"That's a great idea. I'll go for chocolate."
While they walked over to the cafe, they met Tiny Tits and the Gorilla heading for the flumes. "He's big, but not as big as you and I wouldn't want to be crushed underneath him."
"You mean his cock?"
"Yes, nice shape, plump and enough to fill me - but too heavy."
"Helen," Rob shouted in mock admonishment, "You're here for the freedom, the experience of being totally naked and not to comment on a man's credentials."
"What a load of crap. Take her, tiny but she had your attention. Do you like small tits?"
"I've heard small tits are more sensitive and she's perfectly smooth. I've always wanted to keep a girl smooth."
"Really?"
"Mmmm really. It's one of my fantasies."
Helen stopped in her tracks, "Really? Mine or Tiny Tits or what?"
Rob faced his sister, "Mum's to be honest. Don't worry it's just a fantasy."
"WHAT? That's too pervy for words. Why?"
"It was Andy. He accidentally caught his mum shaving herself in the shower and she caught him staring. He'd gone in the bathroom for a pee and it wouldn't come because he was so hard."
"Go on."
"I don't know, usually when I'm thinking about it ... "
"Oh, I see," and Helen could, Rob had a semi. "My room when we get home."
The overpriced milkshakes were OK but not fully chilled. Jasmine, carrying her towel, spotted them and came to sit at the scratched, grubby plastic table. "Jack's just on his way to the sauna. I forgot my towel so I'll wait for you if you want to go."
"That's a good idea," said Helen, "My shoulders are starting to ache, and my legs." Being dunked at speed a dozen times, plus climbing the staircase, had made her muscles complain.
"There's usually a code you have to push," said Jasmine as they approached the spa, "But they let this group have a special all-in deal." The door was unlocked and opened into a smart, refurbished extra suite, unseen from the pool. Jasmine spied a pile of neatly folded, freshly laundered white towels and she looked surprised. "It seems like someone has forgotten to lock them away, or Jeff has been charming the spa staff." She picked three up, "Might as well use them."
She showed them round the unstaffed spa; the sauna, the steam room, the twin Jacuzzis and two massage rooms.
She tapped in a code the door of the first room. She turned to Helen, "I often bring supplies in here when they're delivered to reception so I'm sure it'll be OK if I use the table. I could give you a shoulder massage if you wish. My mother taught me the basics then I did an evening course."
"Won't the spa staff mind?"
Jasmine just smiled and flipped the door sign from 'vacant' to 'engaged' and shut the door, "No," she answered. She took a quick look in the store cupboard, "And they won't mind me borrowing some massage oil; this one is quite good. Lie down."
Helen felt she'd nothing to lose but was cautious, "You sure?"
"Sure," she confirmed, "They owe me a few favours." She went on to explain they hired a female and a male masseur, but they charged extra on top of the spa deal. Jasmine worked, after her reception duties, on a tips basis. It bought her extras and allowed her to continue using her massage skills.
"That's good," Helen affirmed as Jasmine's skilled hands eased the muscles. "All your muscles seem taut. How about here?"
"Oh that's just divine," said Helen, "Oh yes, oh, just there."
"Are you bothered much at work, with your shoulders tense or the top of your back aching?"
"Yes, why?"
"It's maybe the way you're sat, or your chair not adjusted. Do you mind if I work downwards?" Jasmine's fingers moved.
"Ohhhh! Yes," Helen's body visibly relaxed as Jasmine's hands kneaded her butt. She closed her eyes."
"That's it, you let yourself relax. Leave everything to me and relax." Jasmine's voice lowered, soothingly, almost like the gentle purr of a kitten. Helen made no effort to object as Jasmine poured more oil onto her palm, warmed it and let it run between her butt cheeks and down into the small gap. She followed the oil with her fingers, brushing the split peach of Helen's pussy lips. Without asking, Helen parted her legs but Jasmine hardly touched there, her thumb just catching the puckered brown of Helen's butt hole.
All the time, all the way down Helen's legs Jasmine kept up her purring, sweet soothing words, bidding Helen relax so much that Rob saw her yawn.
"It's good isn't it to let someone else take the strain, to allow them to sooth you, to obey and not resist." Now Rob yawned, straining to keep his own eyes open. "... At the end of such a tiring, sleepy, deeply sleepy day."
Rob watched through closing eyes how Jasmine easily turned his sister over. How she ... Suddenly Jasmine caught Rob's attention, surprised by his reaction. Now she spoke to him, "Watch Rob, don't sleep yet. Relax but don't close your eyes." Almost as in a dream Rob could see Jasmine easing the tension in his sister's breasts, soothing her erect nipples, gently tickling, soothing her tummy, dipping down to that slim valley and he was happy. He was happy to watch Jasmine dip her fingers into Helen's honeypot, happy and so relaxed, like a baby, like a baby being crooned to sleep. Hypnotised, hyp ... no ... tised.
The next he knew it was Jasmine on the table, laid there naked - yes, everyone here was naked so it was good, safe, safe to kiss Jasmine, but not on her face lips, no. Face lips were good to kiss but pussy lips, yes pussy lips were better, arousing, good to kiss. Jasmine was his mistress now and he should kiss her, lick her.
"You're a very good subject to hypnotise, Rob, even better than your sister. I need to be licked out, Rob, and you must do it thoroughly." Rob tried and tried but somehow he got it wrong. "You're not able Rob, are you? No, even though you want to, your tongue won't work. But your sister can. I gave her a massage and she really, really enjoyed it. She cums well and now she's going to make me cum while you watch."
'It was all too easy, Jasmine thought. By the time anyone realised her dominant side it was too late. This was a bonus. With any luck Rob would take her as soon as he'd finished watching his sister. He would be a far better fuck than of her colleagues - as soon as she'd seen the size of him her mind was made up - she wouldn't charge, no no, she wouldn't charge Rob at all. She did this for free, after all, but she wouldn't even suggest a tip from Rob. Most of the other men were perverts, even some clients knew that, and she 'hypno-suggested' a tip of, say, £20, £30, £40 or more if they wanted it after hours. Hell they got a good deal, a massage plus the cum of a lifetime every time she fucked with their tiny minds. Ladies were free, yes totally free and her boyfriend would pay to watch them.'
Rob just couldn't comprehend what he was seeing. Helen just couldn't get her tongue inside Jasmine quick enough. He'd licked a girl out, but with nowhere near the speed and skill of his sister. She'd done this before, probably many times. Jasmine was rolling about, her sex senses pumped up to maximum, then just as Jasmine was building up Helen stopped licking, clamped her mouth over a tit and rammed three fingers into Jasmine's cunt. Rob was hard; long, thick and rock solid hard. No sooner than Jasmine half-screamed her passion than he pushed his sister roughly out of the way. Gentle was not the way; his mistress bitch took all the pounding he had to offer. Already drained by fucking Emma, he thrust time and time again until, finally, both were satisfied. Jasmine smiled; she had Helen's mobile number on a Post-It safely slipped into a drawer. She might even ask her to bring Rob along to a special evening at her home.
They left Jasmine to tidy up and went through to the spa jacuzzi; this was the upmarket version of the one in the public pool. OK, the spa cost clients more but the jacuzzi was not to be missed. It was heated, it had jets and bubbles continuously, twice the power and twice the enjoyment. You see, being naked in a jacuzzi held special treats. Bubbles went wherever you wanted and the jets could, with just a little practice, bring men or women off in a matter of seconds.
The sauna and steam room were much the same as any other, but some of that evening's clients were not. One of the ladies in there, Rob guessed early 20s, was being given an expert shoulder rub. Skilfully massaging her neck with his thumbs he bent forward to kiss her nape, causing her to shiver. Then, in the process of easing the muscles of her upper arms he was accidentally catching her small breasts, even slipping as far as her hardened nipples sometimes. His cock was upright, leaning against the bottom of her spine just above the cleft of her buttocks and she seemed to be enjoying the massage immensely. Rob noticed that the older man to the right of the pair, rough in face and with a fat belly, was watching every movement. Rob thought this was possibly why the spa suite was furnished with an ice-cold shower. He needed it too.
Almost without exception the people at the pool (who were mostly club members) were really friendly - equals in nudity and many not ashamed to show off what bodies they'd been blessed with plus, with some, their tattoos, nipple chains, clit rings and Prince Alberts, along with other pieces of jewellery. Rob was also pleased that some of the ladies (and the occasional man) admired his newly acquired cock dimensions. Both he and Helen greatly enjoyed their evening.
***
It was around a week and a half later that his mum, Christine, asked if Rob minded answering a very personal question.
"It's fine by me whatever your answer, but it's just something Helen said to me," she explained.
"Shoot."
"You have this fantasy, something your talked over with Andy, and you mentioned it to Helen."
Rob clamped his hand to his mouth, "Oh my god, I told her that in confidence."
"You might be able to do me a favour, a real favour, something I hate doing. And according to your sister ..."
"I'll fuckin' kill her."
"So you don't like a woman to be smooth, just someone you fancied at the pool, and a pool where EVERYONE was naked? And there were other girls there too. "
"The girls were more my age. I don't want to talk about it." Rob got up and made for the door. He didn't want an embarrassing conversation with his mother.
"Rob, I've been trying to find the right time to ask you. I realise that it's probably something awkward to OK, but your loss."
Rob turned, "I don't think it's something I should do, why don't you ask dad."
"He won't. In fact there's not much he will do except kiss me. So why mention it to Helen and why tell her it's a fantasy?"
Rob was stuck for words. Christine pointed at the gradual increase in a certain bulge, "Your body is saying different. Are you sure you won't? Why not just take a look?"
A sudden thought rattled around in his head, an 'Andy' thought. "To be honest, at the pool there was an older woman laid on a sun lounger, about your age, your hairstyle, your ..."
"Go on ... "
"Lets just say she reminded me of you."
"Laid naked, on a sun lounger? How?"
Rob gave out a long sigh. "Let me explain. Andy had this fantasy about shaving his mum, seeing her bare..."
"Pussy?"
Rob smiled, "Yes, OK. Not exactly what he said but pussy will do. Anyway this lady was really kind and after I talked to her and her husband it kinda gave me an idea of what you would look like." He laughed, "But I don't know if Andy ever got the chance to shave his mum. He never said."
"So here's your chance. See if I measure up to this woman."
Rob thought for a moment, finally unable to resist the 'pretty please' look in his mother's eye he relented. "OK, but just a quick peek, I'd hate seeing very hairy."
Mum raised her butt and tugged at her shorts, relying on the elastic rather than fully unfastening them. She kicked them carelessly off her feet. Rob agreed with an inner voice prompting him that his mum's legs were still very shapely, sexy even. She lifted her butt and carefully removed what was a quite tiny pair of briefs. Even before that he could see her hair poking out.
"It's summer and I get itchy quickly so I wear these," she said, in reply to the surprised look on Rob's face. Sexy underwear? Matching bra? He just nodded in acknowledgment. He noticed the white gusset wasn't quite white, nor was it dry. "But," she continued, "You can see my problem." She stood, showing Rob a mass of tangled mid brown hair.
"Can't you use scissors, or ask Helen?"
"Oh, she's trimmed me a few times but it gets messy again in no time."
The tangle was precisely that and Rob had to admit that his own pubes tended to annoy in hot weather and one hot summer he'd had some prescription stuff to apply - but that was before girls became very interesting and after he'd become a typical teenage boy who didn't care too much about a regular good washing. He shivered slightly at the memory of how uncomfortable it was.
"You see, it grows fast and I've cut myself several times so it's something I put off."
Rob agreed - he couldn't see any of the important groove or lips beneath.'Imagine how sexy it will look afterwards,'said a voice in his head. "OK, where are the best scissors?" he said finally, "I'll agree to a trim but that's all."
"The ones I occasionally use are in the bathroom cabinet. It's easiest if I'm laid down so I'll come upstairs with you."
Rob's thoughts were changing. Of course he should help mum if she needed it - even more so if dad failed in his duties. As he carefully removed the excess, the outline of mum's sex was becoming clear and, hell, if he made a careful trim there was a good chance he and mum would become closer - she would trust him and that also was good.
A little more trimming and, yes, mum was surprisingly beautiful - no straggly labia, no ugly bits and pieces, no bacon sandwich unlike many he'd seen at the pool. An eyeful of reality he had thought that evening. Nudists had their fair share of overweight and crinkly. Mum was, 2 children and twenty-odd years further on, in really good, hell, in sexier good shape and the mature scent was wafting into Rob's nose. His semi became a 10 inch full woody. Now the girth was increasing and he hadn't dared re-measure; what was a blessing had occasionally become an embarrassment.
"OK," said Rob, "That's enough for now - I don't want to risk cutting you. These scissors are very sharp."
"Pass me that hand mirror," said mum, "Let me have a look." Rob passed it to her, she seemed disappointed. "You've got rid of a lot, but it's not really pretty is it?" she asked him, one eyebrow raised. "Now if you were to shave it all ..." she observed him closely, "That would make it really neat, it would make comfortable and it would make YOU very happy."
"I suppose you're right," observed Rob, looking more closely. If I've gone so far I suppose I can completely shave it. He went through to the bathroom for his razor and gel. The last thing he wanted to do was nick the sensitive skin of his mum's pussy so he took his time. When he was nearly finished he asked, "Is that OK?"
"It's lovely," was the answer. "It's a lot cooler and the gel tingles." But by bit he steered the razor round her valley and over her lips to catch every hair. The valley was deep and he ran his finger along to clear any remaining foam. Mum shivered. He carefully steered around her lips - not unsightly flaps as he'd seen on the 'net but bigger than Helen' s. Mum's clit was big, standing proud from the attention he was giving it; indeed he thought that her clit was bigger and firmer than any he'd seen. She shivered several times. By the time he'd cleared every nook and cranny he was aware she was leaking love juice.
"Don't stop now," panted Christine, "You've got me quite horny. Use your fingers please." Her voice was husky, pleading and it was a voice he couldn't refuse.
By now, Rob was equally horny and his initial hesitation had disappeared. Mum's clit seemed to be very sensitive and she drew in her breath as he gently rubbed, using her own lubrication. He circled her clit and then, without entirely thinking about any embarrassment, he licked where he'd just touched; he didn't know why but it just seemed to be a good idea. His mum's response was immediate and she raised her butt, pushing her sex against his lips and tongue. He sucked at her clit, played with it using his lips in a way that a girlfriend had asked him to do. She let out a series of pleasure moans, arched her back, told him how fantastic it felt and suddenly, without him realising nor giving any indication of cumming she suddenly let a cry, followed by a series of pleasure bucks and grunts as she climaxed.
"How the hell did you manage to do that?" she asked, finally coming back k down to earth. "You made me cum so unexpectedly that I couldn't hold back."
"Licking you out? Sorry, mum, I guess I went too far."
"No, no, it wasn't that, it was like a tongue vibrator tingling but it was your tongue not a plastic and gel toy."
"Sorry, I didn't realise."
"No, no ,no, don't be sorry. It's years since your dad licked me out and nothing like that happened. It was fantastic and the best cum I've had for years. Your dad decided it was dirty and he won't let me suck him off either."
Rob noticed the change in mum's language, he'd never heard her talk about 'cumming' or 'sucking off'. It made him more at ease. "You tried it with dad and he refused? Wow, it's the best thing a woman can do for a man."
"Then I owe you some pleasure for making me cum. Lie down."
"But mum ... "
"LIE DOWN, and take off your shirt."
Rob obeyed.
Shirt removed she ran her fingers gently over his chest, stomach and sides, lightly scratching him with her fingernails. Then she circled his small nipples, making them immediately stiffen. She licked the tip of two fingers, one on each hand, and lightly brushed the top of each nipple, repeatedly, closely watching Rob's reaction to these new sensations. His reaction? His cock became even harder than before, pushing and straining against his pants. She licked them again and circled around and over. He felt total bliss.
"Like?" she enquired.
"Oh yes," he replied, amazed at the power the two dots on his chest held.
"Wait," his mum continued, unzipped and unfastened his pants, drew down his underpants and released what made her amazed by its size. "How the hell ...?"
"I don't know," was Rob's reply. "It happened after I visited the Medium, I think it's something unexplainable, some gift that Andy gave me. Either that or my hormones went berserk."
"So that's why Helen went nude swimming with you, to show you off, proud to be your brother ... or did she show you off as a boyfriend?"
"We just let people think what they wanted."
"Hell, you're seriously hung and right now you've got a swollen monster." She stroked the full length, pausing and circling the tip. Involuntary shivers passed through his whole body.
Foreplay is as important to a blowjob as it is to a great fuck: Christine quickly discarded her blouse and bra, revealing a pair of sensibly sized tits that hadn't yet taken a too much of a knock from gravity. She knelt astraddle him, leaning forward, awkwardly trapping his rampant cock between his belly and hers, her tits dangling at first then resting against his skin. She kissed, then licked first one of his nipples then the other, surprising him with the pleasant tingles, then she kissed him once on his lips. She raised her head and he saw her closer than ever before. Her face had lines, yes, for she had no make-up on, no powder or cream to disguise her age. She kissed his forehead, nose then lips, softly at first but then bidding him to open his lips and allow her inside. Her own lips were broader, softer than many girls he'd kissed. They were moist, persuasive, her tongue darting out to touch his, playing little games, gradually probing and exploring his mouth. Their lips touched again, opening wider and flatter as she moved, giving his lips sensations he'd never experienced. Saliva flowed, tongues again explored, this time his own tongue exploring her mouth.
Her head drew away from him and she again kissed his nipples, sucking each between her lips. She moved on, planting wet kisses all down his belly. By now she was no longer astraddle him but by his side, kissing his belly button, the tip of his cock then his balls, drawing each into her mouth then licking, sucking and licking until he felt his balls about to explode.
Content that her son's senses were reaching untold heights she finally took the head of his penis between her lips, lightly sucking then releasing the sensitive head.
"Careful," he said, "I'm going to blow."
"Oh no, not yet, don't you dare!" she said and moved away, again kissing his belly all the way up to his nipples. She sucked lightly, then harder, feeling them harden. She licked, kissed, blew on them and then, unexpectedly, she moved her hand between his thighs with just enough pressure to encourage him to part his legs. Rob obliged. While still kissing and licking his nipples, right then left, right then left, she let her pad of longest finger gently rub against his perineum, each time moving moving backwards to brush against his butt hole. The palm of her hand massaged his balls and Rob moaned with delight.
"Mum," he said, but that was all as her finger pressed firmly against his butt hole and eased itself just inside. Rob thought heaven had arrived early for him; how on this earth could the sensations inside him be so real, so pleasant, so fantastic? His mother returned her attention to his cock, letting her lips tease its sensitive tip. Licking his exposed pee hole she probed a little deeper into his anus, letting the first knuckle of her middle finger entertain the multitude of nerve endings - nerves that sent pleasure to his brain.
His hardness was now inside her warm, wet, accommodating mouth. Christine was taken back to her late teenage years when she'd deep throated one of the college boys in return for cigarettes. It was a skill she'd honed and the boy - Tommy - she remembered was ever eager to exchange a pack of ten, maybe twenty, Embassy filters for five minutes of bliss.
"Please, mum, please I can't stand this much more, I just gotta cum."
"Sorry," she said, releasing the wet monster to reply, her mind having drifted. She started a slow rhythm, first an inch, then two, then gradually more, gagging a little for being out of practice. Then she speeded, extending her intrusion into Rob's back passage until she hit the spot. Man, did she find it spot on. Rob's legs stretched and almost cramped, his back arched and his breathing quickened, then came the huge rush of cum erupting into her mouth. Rob pumped and pumped as his pleasure nerves hit gold.
Whole jets of jizz spewed out, salty globules of the thickened liquid dripping from her lips as if she was unsure whether to swallow. Most escaped.
She reached for a tissue from the bedside unit, half apologising for the waste of precious protein. "I wanted just a taste," she said, "But I wasn't sure. I'd heard some friends talk after a few glasses of wine. Thank you for allowing me," and she kissed Rob with small remnants of his jizz still in her mouth. "I've wanted to do that for so long, you wouldn't believe." She had tears of joy in her eyes.
Christine lay next to him, simply introducing him to the pleasures fingers and mouth could give to such small nipples. "I've heard the feeling is more intense to a man than to a woman, perhaps because they're not used to it," she explained. All Rob knew was that it felt so fucking good, so fantastic. He just lay awhile, eyes closed, savouring the fantastic new sensations. Within minutes all of the solid as iron fullness of his cock had returned.
"It seems such a pity to waste all of this," she said, "You're still as horny as before. I can't remember the time your dad last fucked me and ..."
"Stand up," Rob said, "I want to see you standing so that I can see your tits properly and admire my shaving skills.
She laughed, and stood in a mock model pose, cupping her tits. "Not as good as Helen's but they're still OK."
"You're beautiful," was Rob's honest answer. Of course a woman in her 40's will never be as youthful looking as her daughter - even the best attention to diet and exercise cannot turn back time, but everything she had to offer was good; shapely legs, puffy pussy, flat(ish) tummy, nice tits and a smile on her face. She could be any young man's dream, a MILF and best of all she was Rob's own personal MILF.
"Thank you," she answered, honestly flattered by his words. Why did she not hear that any more from the man she married? On the bed once more she straddled him, letting her cunt lips enclose his rigid cock. She gasped, unused to his size, and as she lowered herself onto him he began to swell, to fill her. "What ... how?" she looked puzzled, knowing that she should be much less of a tight fit than girls his age.
"I don't know," he said, still puzzled. "I think it's something to do with Andy's spirit. His mum didn't query it further but it was obvious that she was enjoying lowering and raising herself slowly until he was fully in then almost out of her.
She stopped, her legs cramped and unused to the exercise she was undertaking. "Have you ever done doggy?" she asked.
"Yes, no problem," he replied, though it was just the one girl at a mutual friend's 18th and he wasn't going to admit that. They swapped. Rob had previously never wanted control and would have been happy to let his mother just bounce up and down on him. Today though he had more confidence and somehow he knew just what she wanted. Doggy was a nice, relaxed, easy way to fuck his mother ... FUCK HIS MOTHER? Hell, that MILF thought just hit home. How did he get himself into it all? First she wanted her snatch mowing, she wanted every blade of grass off her lawn, her lady lawn that first got stubble and bristle and then, for a week or two, you could see where all the nice bits were. And then it got overgrown and sweaty and smelly and, hell, all he'd done was offer a solution to a problem mum had.
It was fashion to be fuzz free, men adored seeing a bald pussy. Even in France and all those other Eastern European countries, many younger women no longer had hairy pits or their pussy hidden in a jungle. All he'd done was a favour for mum. BOLLOCKS! she'd used it to seduce him, to get his long, fat cock inside her and she had got her way.
Well fuck her he would. He was solid inside her, expanding like one of those long balloons that clowns shaped into poodles. He had a long solid balloon inside her and she was going to get it rammed hard. Doggy was good for that and he'd make her sore. He'd make her wonder what had exploded inside her.
He went slow at first, intending to speed, to make her realise what she coveted: all of his ten-plus-something super king size cock. She was wet, which was a pity, the piston moved easily but just as he was about to accelerate she squeezed. At first it was just a tightening of the love tube he was in. Had he imagined it? She squeezed again - something he'd not experienced before. Her internal muscles tightened again and it felt so good ... so bloody good. He eased, slowed right down and this time her squeeze was timed to perfection. He pulled back, almost out:
"Yes, just there. Just go in slightly then out." Rob wasn't to know that the best sensations both for him and his mother were just there ... just inside ... just the tip of his swollen cock against the most sensitive part of her, "Ohhhh yes."
"You know when ... before ... you know ... you pushed your finger ... is it the same for ... I mean does it feel the same ...?"
"Not quite, not as intense but ... " She paused, "No don't stop. If you want to try ..."
"I'm OK. I just wanted to know if it hurts."
"Did it hurt you?"
"No, quite the opposite."
"It's up to you. I never asked your dad. The last time a man did it for me was a long time ago."
"So how did you know ...?"
"About your trigger spot? Women talk." She lied.
Rob laughed, "And so you tried it on me?"
"You ask too many questions. Let's just say I know it works." That was true but she was not going to tell her son that keeping a loan shark collector happy to 'work' off a debt was how she'd leaned. A finger, a single finger up his butt while she was jacking him off meant he climaxed quickly and that week's payment was made.
"And you?"
"Yes, if you're gentle it can be very nice."
"Like this?"
"Just like that, oh yes, just ... like ... that. " Rob's finger popped awkwardly in and out of the brown puckered hole. He tentatively looked at his inquisitive finger, but with no alarm. He found it less awkward to use his thumb, hoping it didn't hurt. His mother's murmurs of delight persuaded him to increase the speed of his thrusts. Each time his now well lubricated weapon squelched easily; each outward stroke he felt his cock squeezed as if Christine's cunt muscles were trying to suck the jizz out of him.
"Harder," she said, and he thrust harder. "No," she corrected, "Your thumb, pop me harder."
Rob complied, "Is that OK?"
His mum didn't reply, simply took in some deep, short breaths and "Aaahhh!" as she exhaled. Her panting increased as she rapidly built up the pleasant tension inside her. Her stomach knotted briefly, the feeling moving down, an odd but very recognisable tension radiated between her stomach and clit, her back arched, her cunt blazed, the rapid rhythmic pulses of delightful orgasmic bliss exploded through her. "OH MY GOD," she shouted and she screamed out loud.
Rob slowed a little. It suddenly occurred to him that he didn't need to cum. The blow job had eased the desire within him. He didn't ask, he didn't need to ask. Slowly at first he massaged the insides of his mum's vagina. He smiled at the thought of a word he learned at school, in the biology lesson tweaked to mix simple human reproduction with sex education, a half hearted attempt by an experienced but unwilling tutor. She just knew the giggles, the nudges, the jokes that would follow.
The massage, by a more than adequate perfectly shaped, bulbous headed reproduction organ, gradually re-aroused both his and his mother's desires. Christine closed her eyes, her tits swung rhythmically and her breathing laboured. Bit by bit the spring inside her tightened, she felt the sexual tension rise and rise until it came to an even, steady peak. Rob felt that he was now ready, faster in and faster out until he too knew the inevitable would happen.
"Rob, no, not so hard, Rob, no, no. Ohhhh Rob, Rob, Rob my darling Rob. Oh yes, yes, fuck me hard Rob I'm going to cum for you, I'm ... Ohmygod.
Her whole body exploded in a mighty orgasm, like an earthquake sending aftershocks and just as she began to slow, Rob filled her cunt with his cum.
***
They laid there that warm afternoon. The afternoon sun steamed through the window of Rob's parents bedroom window as his mum spooned her lover. Rob lay there in bliss, her slightly drooping breasts nestled against his back and still firm enough to make him feel content. He must have snoozed, for the next he knew he felt mightily relaxed, a small dribble of cum still clinging to the tip of his droopy ten plus inches.
His mother meanwhile reflected. When was the last time Rob's dad had fucked her? She couldn't remember. Kissed her? Did a peck on the lips count? Been romantic? Wasn't in his dictionary.
Rob turned over on to his back and Christine kissed him. Softly at first, a 'thank-you' kiss, then an intense 'I love you' kiss and then she straddled him, teasing his chest with her tits, "Thank you Rob," she said, and she sensed that again he already had a semi.
Surprisingly nothing more was said. Rob figured that mum had overstepped the mark and had guilt feelings, although when he took time to think then mum had been gentle and loving. He needed that.
Helen had already arranged for them to go swimming that evening but now Rob's attention was split three ways; Emma, Helen and his mother. A foursome? He smiled at the thought and then dismissed it. It couldn't possibly happen - could it? And what about Jasmine? Only time would tell.
To be continued. All suggestions carefully considered!