Part 1 of 3: Office Fantasies
They sat comfortably in the large office. Both were sharply dressed, business types. There was an odd & awkward tension in the air.
"What should I call you?" Michael asked.
She thought for a moment. "Just call me Kelly. I'd like to keep this on a first name basis because..."
"Don't bother explaining discretion to me," he said, cutting her off. "I already know who you are."
"Do you?"
He nodded. "I watch the news avidly. I know a lot about your stellar reputation. Your secrets are safe here."
A look of embarrassment crept over her face. She blushed. But she also grinned slightly.
"What exactly do you know about me from watching the news?"
"I know that you're an executive at a major financial institution, and that you'll likely become CEO some day. Much of your success comes from grabbing men by the balls and making them do your bidding. Apparently, you can be a real bitch at times, but you've made investors a lot of money with your savvy business skills."
She smiled, almost in laughter. "Were all those things reported on the news?"
"More or less," he replied, with a faint smile of his own. "That's what they say. Maybe not in those words, but it's strongly implied."
"Figures," she shrugged.
"Tell me why you're here."
"I keep asking myself that same question."
"So you don't know why you're here?" he asked with an eyebrow raised.
Kelly looked down at the floor. "It's complicated."
"It usually is. Women are complicated creatures. I find that most women have a difficult time articulating what they want, and if they can, they're still unsure of themselves. But in many ways, women can beverysimilar to men when it comes to wanting their sexual desires fulfilled. It's just that women usually have a harder time fulfilling those needs because of social taboos."
She continued looking down at the floor. "I'd say you've hit the nail on the head with that statement. At least when it comes to me."
"I'm usually right about these things. I could tell a lot about you from the moment you walked in to my office."
"Such as?" she asked, looking straight at him.
"You come across as a real uptight cunt. Many powerful women are the same. They have sex drives which can rival male porn stars. Unfortunately for those women, they tend to avoid sexual encounters to preserve their hard earned reputations, which only increases their urges."
Kelly sighed. "You've certainly provided me with an entertaining morning. We've just met, and you've already called me a cunt and a bitch. It's been a long time since a man has called me those names to my face."
"Am I wrong in my analysis?" Michael asked, knowing he was right.
"I didn't say that either."
"Then tell me I'm right," he insisted.
"You love antagonizing me, don't you?"
"It's part of the process."
"Fine," she replied. "I guess I fit the bill of those women you described. I think about sex a lot. Maybe it's because of the pressures of my job. I masturbate a lot in my apartment. I rarely get laid though. I worked my entire life to be in this position, and the last thing I need is to be labeled a slut, or a whore."
"What fetishes do you have?" Michael asked casually.
"Excuse me?"
"I'm sure you don't just masturbate thinking of a man fucking you. There has to be more. What really gets you off? What are your favorite fantasies?"
She thought for a moment. "I've always had exhibitionist fantasies. I'mnotsaying I want to be in a porn video or anything like that. But I've always liked the idea of being watched, either in public or in the office."
"So you like the idea of being watched while peoplethinkyou're completely unaware."
"Exactly."
"And what are you doing while these people are watching you?" Michael asked curiously.
"It depends," Kelly replied in a moment of self-reflection. "Sometimes I get-off on the idea of a man looking down my blouse, or up my skirt."
"Surely that's not the biggest thrill for a powerful woman such as yourself."
She took a deep breath. "I imagine having sex in public places, or in the office. I could feel someone's eyes watching me, but I don't know where."
"Do you prefer that the voyeur is a stranger?"
"I do. I love the idea of being watched by someone who isn't in a position to judge me."
Michael nodded. "You like the idea of finally being able to let your hair down so you can have the sex you desire. What makes it even more arousing for you is having someone there to witness it. You get-off on someone seeing your sexual side. Pardon my language, but you get-off on someone watching you be a complete slut & whore."
"That's basically it," Kelly blushed.
She clenched her hands together and crossed her legs tightly. All the tell-tale signs of being nervous were written on her face and body language.
"That's a common fantasy for many women. You have nothing to be ashamed about. I hear it from a lot of powerful women."
"Anyone I might know?" she asked playfully to lighten the mood.
"I've spoken with several women you probably know. I'm not going to mention names because discretion is very important. But I can say that your fantasies are normal."
"I'm glad to hear it."
He paused. "What made you decide to come here today?"
"I became an executive last year. It feels like the more pressure I have, the higher my sex drive becomes. I guess sex is how my body deals with stress."
Michael nodded attentively. "It's a common feeling."
"I've been extremely busy at work these past few weeks. We're in the midst of the largest acquisition in our corporation's history, as I'm sure you've seen on the news. With all of this pressure, my hormones have been raging."
"Have you ever acted on it?"
"A little bit."
"Tell me about that."
Kelly squirmed slightly in her seat. She put her hand on the top button of her blouse and played with the button. The memories were arousing to her.
She took a deep breath. "A few days ago, one of my financial analysts made a small error in his report, so I called him to my office and I ended up snapping at him. I think I called him an idiot. I told him he was careless, and that next time he would be fired. The look on his face was priceless. He was so scared. I felt bad because he's a smart young man."
"You sound regretful over the incident."
"I made up for it," Kelly replied. "That day I wore a small blouse and an office skirt. I don't know what came over me. Maybe it was guilt for yelling at him. Maybe I was just horny. Whatever the reason, I went to the bathroom and removed my bra & panties. I still don't know what I was thinking."
She paused for a moment and looked down at her outfit. She played with the top button of her blouse.
"Please continue," he said. "Did you flash the young man?"
"I did. I called him back to my office an hour after I had yelled at him. I apologized passively. Then I handed him a packet of paperwork while I sat behind my desk. As he approached me, I leaned forward just enough so that he could see down my blouse."
"Did he have a clear view of your breasts?"
"I'm not sure. I couldn't bring myself to make eye contact with him. Maybe he just saw the middle of my bare chest. Or maybe he saw my big nipples."
"Which would you have preferred?" he asked. "Would you rather he saw your small tits completely?"
Kelly thought for a moment. "I don't know. After he took the papers, I looked at him, and he genuinely seemed surprised. He definitely saw something that he wasn't expecting. That's for sure."
"You must have been so aroused. I'm sure you loved that a subordinate saw your intimate area."
"I went straight to the bathroom and touched myself. I had an orgasm masturbating on the toilet seat."
A smile appeared on Michael's face. "You're full of surprises. I like that in a woman."
"I guess that means we're going to be friends."
"That's usually what it means," he replied. "I like this arrangement. It's going to work well for the both of us."
"So what happens next?"
Michael reached over and grabbed a pen & notepad. He quickly began to write. When he was done, he handed the note to Kelly.
"I want you to follow these instructions," he said.
She looked at the note. "What is it?"
"My instructions for you. After it's been completed, we can meet again."
***
A few days later. Kelly sat in her large office reading the company's latest financial report. She prided herself on being more informed and better prepared than all of her male colleagues.
Her eyes occasionally shifted to her purse while she read the documents. She put down the report and opened her purse to look at Michael's note once again.
Kelly thought for a long moment, then she folded the note and placed it back inside of her purse. The door to her office was closed. She quickly loosened her top, then she reached underneath the back of her outfit and unclasped her bra to remove it, before hiding the bra inside of her purse.
After she closed the purse, Kelly walked in front of the full length mirror in her office and fixed her outfit so that everything was neat. She bent over while looking at her braless reflecting. There was a slight view of her small breasts and large nipples. It wasn't overly obvious, but it was enough to grab someone's attention if a person looked carefully enough.
When she stood up straight, she adjust her braless top once again. She picked up the phone and was on the line with her secretary:
'Please send Jeff in here. It's urgent.'
Kelly hung up the phone and leaned back on the comfortable chair. There was an excitement between her legs. Minutes passed while she waited silently for the financial analyst to appear.
There was a knock on the door, then it opened. Jeff apprehensively entered the room. He was a thin young man in his late 20's. He was nervous and intimidated standing in the presence of the powerful executive.
"Have a seat," she said.
He sat down nervously. Kelly knew what Jeff must have been thinking. She knew that Jeff was worried about being fired. It amused her that the meek employee was squirming in his seat. But she had something else in store for him.
"I received your message," he said with an almost quivering voice. "I came as fast as I could."
"Excellent. I like that in an employee. It shows that you're serious about this job."
"Is my job on the line?"
"Why would you think that?" she replied, amused.
"Our last meeting didn't go very well. I made a small mistake and it will never happen again. I've always been a hard worker and I'm a dedicated employee of this..."
"Enough of that," she said, cutting him off mid-sentence. "You're not in trouble. And your job isn't on the line. That's not why I called you in here today."
He breathed a sigh of relief. "Thank you."
Kelly loved having him wrapped around her finger, as she did with most men. It was her guilty pleasure.
"I called you in my office because I think you're a smart and talented person. I overreacted during our last meeting. I want you to know that I appreciate your hard work."
The expression on Jeff's face completely changed. The nerves were gone. He was relieved. He was happy to receive praise from his boss, who was a notoriously demanding woman.
"Thank you," he replied. "I appreciate those comments."
"I'm sure you do. I also wanted to give you documents regarding the upcoming acquisition. I want your due diligence on the matter within a week."
Kelly picked up a pile of papers from the desk and held it in her hand. She didn't bother to stand. She just sat comfortably, expecting Jeff to get the documents from her.
She watched as Jeff nervously stood and walked towards her, closely approaching her desk. When he came near, Kelly handed him the documents while she sat, and abruptly leaned forward, giving him a clear view down her blouse. She looked him straight in the eyes as she handed him the papers. She bent down further, giving him an even better view. She watched the expression on his face, and she loved it.
Part 2 of 3: Public Sex
Days later. Kelly sat on the couch in Michael's office. She was more relaxed this time. More willing to share her secrets.
"You're back," he said.
She smiled and nodded. "I am."
"That means you've completed your task."
"I did," she replied.
"Tell me what happened."
Kelly gathered her thoughts. "To be perfectly honest, I wasn't sure if I was going to follow your instructions. Jeff, my employee, had probably already seen my tits before. If he saw them again, he would know that I've been doing it on purpose. The last thing I need is for him to have nasty thoughts about me, or for him to go around telling everyone about it."
"Yet you did it anyway."
"I did," she nodded. "The thought had been lingering in my mind for days. I finally decided to go for it. I removed my bra, then I called him into my office. Poor guy thought he was going to be fired. I was genuinely amused listening to him kissing my ass. But I made it up to him."
"You showed him your tits?"
"I handed him a pile of worthless papers. It was just extra work for him to do. When he got them from me, I made sure he had a clear view down my blouse. You should have seen the look on his face. At that point heknewthat I was doing it on purpose."
"Did you touch yourself afterwards?" he asked. "Most exhibitionist women would be dripping wet after an encounter like that."
"I spent nearly half an hour in the bathroom stall afterwards. Does that answer your question?"
"Good girl," he nodded. "Sounds like quite an experience for a developing exhibitionist such as yourself."
"Developing exhibitionist?" she asked with an eyebrow raised. "Is that what I am?"
"Precisely. A true exhibitionist is a provocateur. Someone willing to push the boundaries of their own sexuality. Merely flashing an office subordinate is not provocative enough."
"This conversation is becoming much more interesting," she replied. "Are you suggesting anything?"
"You tell me. It's your body. We're here to discussyourfantasies, not mine. So, what other exhibitionist fantasies do you have? There are always more."
Kelly thought for a moment. "Public sex. I've always had an unhealthy desire for public sex. Obviously I don't want to get arrested for it. At this point, my name would be all over the news and I would probably be forced out of the company."
"Probably. That's why you shouldn't get caught."
"You make it sound so easy."
"It can be," he replied with confidence. "If you find the right location, and a discreet partner, then you won't get caught. But the beauty of public sex isthe riskof getting caught. That's the fun. Even if someone catches you, who knows, the person might like it."
"You're giving me naughty thoughts Michael."
"That's why you're here, isn't it?"
"I suppose," she replied. "Even if I was actually interested in doing this, I wouldn't know where to begin. I wouldn't knowwhereto do it, or evenwhoto do it with. Fantasy is one thing, real life is something else."
"Which is why you need a plan. One that is simple to execute."
Kelly grinned. "You're so bad."
"The weather has been fairly nice lately," Michael stated. "I want you to wear the smallest outfit you have; a revealing top, a short skirt, and high heels. No pantyhose or stockings either. Expose your bare legs. I also want you to wear a lot of make-up, and to let your hair down."
"So you want me to look like a whore basically?" she asked with an eyebrow raised.
"Would you rather be recognized as the business woman that occasionally appears on tv?"
"No. Of course not."
"Then do it," he replied. "Then take a walk through downtown at night. Not too late. Around 9. Make sure you're safe, stay by the main road. There's still plenty of people around, and lights on the sidewalk."
"You don't have to worry about me. I carry pepper spray, and I'm also a brown belt in karate."
Michael cracked a smile. "You should also carry a box of condoms with you."
"The only protection that matters, right?" she jokingly replied.
"It is if you want to orgasm, and to experience your fantasy in a safe way."
"I like the sound of that."
Michael nodded. "I'll send someone to pick you up. You won't know who he is. He won't know your identity either. I'll only give him your physical description, so he knows it's you. Then he'll offer you money, and you'll accept it."
"So you want me to role-play as a prostitute?"
"In short, yes. I think it would suit you well. How do you feel about that?"
"Is he handsome?"
"You should be pleased. Women have told me great things about his prowess in bed. But in your case, you won't be in bed with him. You'll be somewhere outside."
Kelly blushed. "I don't know. This all seems so sudden, and with a stranger. I'll have to think about it."
"Fair enough. I don't want to pressure you into doing something you aren't ready for."
"Are you using reverse-psychology on me?" she asked playfully.
"Not at all."
She thought for a moment. "I'll do it. I'm interested."
"What made you change your mind so fast?" Michael asked.
"I'm tempted to open my legs and show you, but I wont. Your office is too classy for that."
"You must be very aroused right now."
"Very."
"Which aspect in particular is making you feel this way?" he asked. "Public sex? A handsome stranger? A prostitution fantasy?"
"I like all of them. But I especially enjoy the idea of someone taking me in a public place. I'm assuming he's done this before."
Michael nodded. "He has. Many times."
"Then I look forward to it," she smiled. "I'm curious to see where he takes me, and how it happens. Let him know that I'm interested."
"Ask, and you shall receive."
***
As soon as Kelly's meeting with Michael ended, she headed to the mall for a new outfit. She had plenty of short skirts & small tops in her apartment, but none of them were revealing enough. She wanted an outfit that was provocative. She wanted to look the part. Most importantly, she didn't want to be recognized as 'Kelly the powerful business woman.'
She wore sunglasses to cover her face while she browsed for skirts designed for women half her age. In the dressing room she tried on a wide array of different outfits. Each outfit was smaller and more revealing than the next.
After she found the right outfit, Kelly left the department store with a large bag in hand. Once she returned to her apartment, she immediately undressed and marveled at her new appearance in the mirror. The professional woman suddenly looked like a high-class hooker. It shocked and scared her. It was degrading. But it also excited her.
***
Saturday night. The downtown area was vibrant. Young women were out wearing skimpy outfits. Older adult couples also took advantage of the nice weather and went on romantic dates.
Kelly got out of the cab and her heels made loud noises on the pavement. Her black skirt was so short that her panties were almost showing when she stepped out of the cab. Her small top left little to the imagination. Her hair was on the messy side. Her beautiful face was covered in make-up. She looked sexy like a thousand-dollar-escort.
Heads turned when Kelly walked down the street. Men lewdly eyed her body. Women gawked at how tasteless she looked. There was background chatter whenever she walked by. It was a humiliating experience. She held her head down, praying that no one would recognize her. The heavy make-up and slutty attire provided her with enough cover, she hoped.
She waited on the location where Michael had told her to wait. It was on a street corner in a semi-busy location. There were stares from other people, thinking she was a street hooker. Some of the women looked at her with disgust. Some of the men looked at her with a smile.
A few men discreetly offered her a small sum of money for sexual favors, but she politely declined. The offers were insultingly low.
When it was 9 pm sharp, the agreed upon time, Kelly was approached by a tall tan skinned man wearing a cheap suit. He had 'sleaze' written all over him. There was a cocky smirk on his face and he walked with stride. The closer he came to her, the more his eyes rudely roamed her scantily clad body.
"Hey there," he grinned widely. "You must be Kelly."
She rolled her eyes.'Oh god,'she thought to herself.'Please not him. Anyone but him!'
"So you're Michael's friend," Kelly replied.
He nodded and continued grinning. "Yes I am. Call me Dave. You're my date tonight."
"Seems like it."
"You're prettier than I expected. Michael is always sending beautiful women my way, but nothing like you. You're a real hot piece of ass."
"Let's just get this over with," she replied, annoyed.
"What's the rush lady?"
"Maybe I don't like standing around a busy street corner with half my body on display."
"I thought that's why we're here?" he asked sarcastically. "You're Kelly the exhibitionist right? I heard all about your office flashing. That was a real hot story. Are you a boss or something?"
The look of frustration was all over her face. "Just get this over with. I don't want to stand here all night."
"Fine. How much do you charge?" he asked loudly with a smirk.
Kelly's eyes shifted around. "Can you keep your voice down?"
"No one is listening Kelly. It's just us. So, how much do you charge?"
She sighed. "$100 for a blowjob. $200 for sex."
"Those are some steep prices lady," he laughed. "What makes you think you're worth all that? There are plenty of other cheap whores around this city who are way hotter than you."
"Take it or leave it."
"Do you accept credit card?" he asked with a smug grin.
She shook her head. "I knew this was a bad idea."
When Kelly turned around and tried to walk away, Dave softly grabbed her by the shoulder to stop her from leaving.
"Wait," he said. "Let's start over. Give me another chance lady. You've got a fantasy, I can make it happen. I'll make you feel real good. You'll see. I know a nearby place."
She thought for a moment. "Don't be an asshole, okay?"
"Fine," he grinned. "Whatever you want lady."
***
Kelly's hands gripped the bars tightly. They were on the rooftop of a small apartment building, overlooking the streets. Kelly was bent over, with her skirt up, and her panties were down around her ankles. Dave was behind her, pounding away.
She moaned while holding onto the bars of the rooftop ledge. Her moans became louder while she was being ravished from behind. Her eyes looked below at the downtown street. The apartment building was only a few stories high, so she had a good look at the people below. Everyone was oblivious to the fact that she was having lewd public sex.
Her eyes looked up to the surrounding high rise buildings. Her eyes shifted around. Anyone above could have been watching. She closed her eyes and imagined strange men watching from their apartments while stroking themselves. She imagined what a slut she must have looked like to them.
The grip she had on the bars tightened as Dave continued pounding. Her cries became louder, but Dave didn't care. Kelly bit down and clenched her teeth to avoid making lewd noises which could have caused people to look. Being watched was one thing, but being caught and having the police show up was something else.
Her eyes continued watching her surroundings to make sure no one was watching. She hadn't been caught, she assumed. No one on the street was watching, and she couldn't find anyone watching from a nearby apartment building. She enjoyed her sexual bliss.
She heard Dave begin to grunt loudly. Each thrust became harder, more forceful. Then he stopped. She felt him pull out of her body and she saw him limp to the side. Kelly pulled her panties back up and fixed her dress, while Dave pulled his pants up.
"God damn," he groaned, while buckling his pants. "You're the fuck of the century."
Kelly sat down on the ground to catch her breath.
"Thank you. You weren't so bad yourself."
He reached in his pocket and threw a wad of cash at her. The cash was mostly dollar bills and it was sprinkled over her head.
"That's for the pussy," he said with a huge grin. "Have a good night lady."
When he turned to walk away, Kelly pulled off one of her high-heels and threw it at him.
"Asshole!"
After he left, Kelly continued sitting on the floor. She put her hands on her face, and her body was curled. A part of her wanted to cry, but the other part was still enjoying the blissful wet feeling between her legs. Dave hadn't made her cum. It was something she had to do herself. She reached down and played with herself until she reached a beautiful climax.
Part 3 of 3: Sex on Camera
They silently looked at each other for a moment as their third meeting began. Both of them were thinking, finding the words to say.
"I've heard interesting things about your encounter with Dave," he said.
"Understatement of the year."
"Was his personality an issue for you?"
She nodded. "Why did you set me up with him?"
"Why do you think?" he asked, like the answer was so obvious.
"His huge penis I'm assuming."
"Isn't that what you wanted?"
"I've never had one that big," she replied. "I've been curious about it. Most women are. I don't want a size that big all the time, but it was nice to finally experience it."
"Then why do you seem upset with him?"
"Because he's an asshole. I deal with jerks all the time in the corporate world, and I rarely put up with it unless I have to. I never thought I'deverlet a jerk like Dave have sex with me."
"Yet you did it. And you loved it."
She blushed. "I've fantasized about having outdoor sex for so long. I've never had the courage to actually try it. It was exhilarating. It was such an adrenaline rush, like I was skydiving or riding in a race car."
"Dave has a way of being persuasive with women, and the ability to push their boundaries. He's a smooth talker basically. That's why I chose him for you. I knew he could shed your inhibitions."
"You've made the right choice then," she nodded. "I tried to back out a few times. But he kept on assuring me that it would be okay. He talked me into it, and told me what I needed to hear. When we got to the rooftop, I was so nervous. After a few more words of encouragement, my panties came down and he was behind me."
"I'm glad you fulfilled your fantasy."
"He's still an asshole though," she smiled.
"I know he is. But that didn't stop you from being with him."
"No. The way I see it, he doesn't know who I am during the day, and I don't know who he is. Our relationship was just sex, so I don't care what he thinks about anything."
"Tell me, what was going through your mind before you had sex?" he asked.
"I was scared," she replied. "My hands were shaking. My eyes were constantly looking around for security cameras or anyone who could be watching. I was so scared of the police showing up and arresting us. God, that would have been so horrible."
"How did you feel sexually?"
"It was thrilling. When my panties came down, a warm breeze suddenly came and it went between my legs and tickled my vagina. It felt nice, and I was so aroused. I didn't care if anyone was watching at that point, I just wanted him inside of me. When he unzipped his pants and showed me his penis, I was a bit surprised. That guy is huge. It was so big. I wanted to stand there and admire it, but he spun me around, bent me over, and fucked me."
"Congratulations."
Kelly raised an eyebrow. "Why?"
"You're a full blown exhibitionist now," he said jokingly.
She smiled. "I guess you're right. I haven't been able to stop thinking about it since it happened last week. Even in the office, board meetings, it's been crossing my mind."
"What happens when you think about it?"
"I get aroused. If I'm at work, I go to the bathroom and touch myself. To be honest, I'm a bit aroused right now from this conversation."
"Show me," he said firmly.
She looked at him curiously. "You aren't serious, are you?"
"I'm always serious. Show me how aroused you are. I want to see it."
Kelly knew exactly what Michael wanted. She took a deep breath before she spread her legs slightly. She pulled her skirt up so that it was near her waist. Her thighs and white panties were on full display. Then she moved the bottom of her panties to the side. Kelly's pink wet pussy was exposed for him.
"Happy now?" she asked, looking him directly in the eyes.
"Yes. I'm very happy. This is being recorded."
"Excuse me?"
"I'm recording this session on video. Rest assure, no one will ever see this except for me. The camera is on the shelf."
Kelly looked behind Michael and saw the small device on the shelf. Once she saw it, she immediately clenched her legs shut.
"Why are you doing this?" she asked, almost furiously. "This is supposed to be confidential."
"It is confidential. I've never recorded you before. I set it up only for this meeting. I want today to be special. You've never had sex on camera. I want you to experience it. You're already an exhibitionist, and I want you to explore your limits even further by trusting me."
Kelly looked confused for a moment. "No one caneverbe allowed to see this. Do you promise?"
"I promise. Now open your legs again. Show me your wetness. Do it for the camera."
Kelly slowly and reluctantly spread her legs apart. To her surprise, Michael wasn't watching anymore. He stood up and walked behind his desk, and then he carried the small handheld camera. Michael sat back down and record her with the device in hand.
"What are you doing?" she asked.
"What does it look like? I'm getting a closer look."
Kelly sighed and moved her panties over. Her wet pussy was exposed to Michael's camera. She rubbed herself. Her fingers played with her clit and labia. When the embarrassment of being on camera became overwhelming, she closed her eyes while she masturbated.
Moans began to escape her mouth. She let go of everything. She was vulnerable to him, and to the camera. She wanted to be watched. She wanted to be desired. When she opened her eyes again, she saw Michael watching her with a camera in hand. The exhibitionist/voyeur aspect made her more aroused. It was an overwhelming feeling as she forcefully touched herself.
Michael got out of his chair and got down on his knees in front of her. He was recording Kelly at her most intimate moment, up close, with a clear view of her dripping wet pussy.
She began to squirm on the couch. Her legs and body shifted around. An intense feeling flowed through her veins. She had an orgasm. Fluids rushed down her legs, onto the couch, then onto the floor.
Her body relaxed and the camera was then pointed at her face, watching her subtle reaction after the orgasm.
"That was truly amazing Kelly," he said. "The look on your face is a work of art."
"I feel amazing right now," she replied, leaning back against the couch.
Michael stood in front of Kelly with his camera pointed down at her.
"I want you to unzip my pants. Show the camera how well you perform. Show me how much you love being watched."
Kelly didn't say a word. Her face was stoic as she sat up straight and began to unzip Michael's pants. She freed his penis from the pants, and it was already hard. She was too ashamed and nervous to look directly at the camera, but she was aroused while she stroked him.
She leaned forward and gave it a kiss on the head. Then she licked the pre-cum dripping from the tip.
"You taste good," she said.
"Look up. Look at the camera. Then take me inside of your mouth."
After a deep breath for confidence, Kelly looked up at the camera and took Michael's penis inside of her mouth. She sucked it and slurped on his cock while it was all being filmed in explicit detail. Her head quickly bobbed up and down. The look in her eyes showed her nervousness for giving oral sex while being recorded.
She continued sucking. After a while, she simply closed her eyes and focused on pleasing him orally. She loved hearing him moan and feeling him grow harder inside of her mouth. As much as she was enjoying the moment, she also wanted to end it as soon as possible. The camera made her uncomfortable, even though she was greatly aroused by the thrill. She grabbed him by the shaft and started to stroke, which made him moan louder.
"Stop," he said. "I don't want to cum yet."
"What else did you have in mind?" she asked looking up at him, after she took his cock out of her mouth.
"I want you on my desk. Lay on your stomach."
She looked uncomfortable. "No one will ever see this right?"
"I'm a man of my word. Now do it."
Kelly stood up and walked over to Michael's desk. She bent down and pressed her chest and stomach on the desk. She knew what he wanted. He wanted to fuck. She made things easier by lifting the back of her skirt.
Michael placed the camera in front of her face to record her every reaction. Then he got behind the business woman. She knew he wanted sex, but she wondered which hole he was going to use. She saw Michael open his drawer to get a small container of vaseline, and she knew he wanted anal.
A tremble of fear came over her. Anal was never her favorite. She rarely enjoyed it, but she didn't want to end the moment either. She was enjoying herself too much to tell Michael to stop.
"Relax," he said. "It's going to feel cold at first. Then I'm going to stretch you with my fingers. Keep your eyes on the camera."
Kelly looked directly at the camera, which was only a foot away from her face. She felt Michael's strong hands spread her ass cheeks. Then she felt the thick vaseline being applied to the outer ring of her anus. Then she felt his two fingers push inside of her, which made her gasp. The fingers went all the way in and probed her anal cavity. All she could do was enjoy the sensations while being recorded.
After Michael pulled his fingers out, Kelly felt the tip of his erection press against her little hole. She gasped more. His penis was thick, which made entry difficult. Kelly grabbed the edges of the desk and braced herself while he pushed his way inside of her. It hurt, and she turned her face away from the camera.
"Keep your eyes forward," he said, entering her body. "I want this recorded."
She did her best to keep her eyes on the camera. It felt uncomfortable having her facial expressions recorded while she was being sodomized. Her asshole was being stretched, and every movement her face made was on camera.
It was the most degraded she had felt in many years. At that moment, she realized how damaging it would be to her career if the video ever became public. She worked hard her entire life. She always had the best grades in school. When it came to work, she would always stay up late at night to prepare so that she could be the smartest person in the room. There was a reason why she climbed the corporate ladder so fast and became an executive so soon.
Now there she was, bent over on a desk, being ravished anally for the camera. It hurt, but she enjoyed the feeling. Michael's penis wasn't as long as Dave's, but it was thicker, which made the anal experience more painful and pleasure at the same time.
"Reach down and play with your pussy," he said. "Eyes on the camera."
Kelly obeyed. She kept her eyes on the camera and she reached down to finger herself. Her mouth was wide open and so were her eyes. The feeling was intense and the pleasure on her face was undeniable. Her fingers moved at the same pace as Michael while he sodomized her.
The more she moaned, the faster Michael went. Before long he was pounding her ass hard, which sent slapping noises echoing in the large office.
"I'm cumming," she cried. "I'm cumming. Oh god, I'm going to cum."
Michael pounded harder and commanded her to keep rubbing her pussy. Kelly's back arched and she cried out loud. Fluids once again rushed down her legs as she squirted. Her eyes rolled back, then she went limp. Soon after, Michael shot several loads of his cum inside of her anus.
Both of them went limp and breathed heavily.
Michael pulled out and used several pieces of tissue to wipe himself clean, before zipping up his pants. He grabbed several more pieces of tissue and handed them to Kelly.
"I made a mess in your office," Kelly said, taking the tissue and looking down at the wet stains she left.
"Don't worry. I'll have someone clean it up."
"Have you enjoyed all of this?" she asked while wiping her anus. "Our meetings I mean."
Kelly finished wiping herself and then she fixed her skirt.
"Very much," he replied. "You are exquisite. I'll make sure that you become the next CEO within a couple of years. You certainly deserve it."
She smiled, "Do I deserve it because I'm qualified, or because I'm your new sexual plaything?"
"Both."
The End
Your votes & comments are appreciated.