My girlfriend, Kelly, and I have been together for 3 years. We have a relationship where we share everything with each other. It's not always the easiest thing to do but it's the best. Among those things we share are our fantasies. One night, a long time ago, I shared a deep fantasy I have to watch my girl have sex with another guy. She is fairly conservative and was taken aback by the fantasy but didn't pass judgment. That's one of the things I love about her. She asked where it came from and I explained to her one of my friends and his girlfriends are swingers and one night he shared his girlfriend with me. Up to that point it was the most erotic experience of my life. We each took turns with her, in a completely jealous free lust filled night. That experience completely reiterated my desire to someday watch my girlfriend do the same. After my birthday I now understand that having a fantasy and actually fulfilling that "fantasy" are two completely different things.
The fateful night this happened was my birthday. It was a Tuesday night so we made plans to celebrate lightly seeing almost everyone had to work the next morning. A group of us grabbed some dinner and headed to a bar afterward. Among those people was my swinger friend, Kyle. When the night came to a close Kelly told Kyle he was too drunk to drive and she would just give a ride to his car in the morning. I hadn't noticed him being drunk but didn't think anything of it at the time. He agreed with little hesitation and the 3 of us headed back to my place. When we got there Kelly served everyone what I thought was going to be a nightcap before she came over and sat on my knee.
After a little bit of small talk Kelly asked if I wanted to open my birthday present. I of course said yes and she just smiled and put her arms in the air. Confused for a second, I realized she wanted me to take her shirt off...in front of my friend. She knows I love showing her off, but given her conservative nature, rarely get to. One time we were hot tubbing with another couple and both girls took their tops off. On a separate occasion we were playing truth or dare with a group of people and she had to show everyone her ass. Both times I found it very erotic, it probably fueled the same part of my brain that wanted to watch her have sex with another guy. Anyway, after the she had her hands in the air for a second I looked at her said "You're serious aren't you?"
She didn't say a word, but she did give me a big smile of assurance. Not wanting her to change her mind I rolled with it, grabbing the fabric at the bottom of her shirt and pulling it over her head. That revealed the hottest black laced bra I had ever seen in my life. Next she turned on some music on and told us to enjoy the show. She moved to the center of the room and very slowly and very seductively started teasing my friend and I. Soon she unbuttoned the top of her jeans and slid them to her ankles, exposing a matching black thong and garter belt. I shouted "Did you have that on all night?"
Knowing she planned this was so much hotter to me. She turned around and bent over at the waist to remove her jeans. Kelly is 5'3" 115-120 pounds size C tits, a full ass, and dark blonde hair. Anyone would tell you she is hot. She continued to dance seductively while I wondered at what point the stripping would stop. That's when the first song changed and she reached behind her, unclasped her bra and let it fall to the floor. I thought holy shit this just got real...if I wasn't hard before I definitely was after that. I glanced over at my friend and he was definitely enjoying the show too. After her top was off she walked over to me and straddled my lap, sticking her tits in my face like a stripper. When she got up I playfully spanked her ass as she walked in front of my friend and danced in front of him for a second. It was extremely hot seeing her practically naked that close to another guy.
After she assumed her spot in the middle of the room she slowly moved her hands over her breasts, down her stomach, and firmly grabbed the sides of her thong. She pulled them down playfully further and further to the point where we could see the top of her completely shaven pussy. This was now passing the point I thought it was get to but it didn't matter as I was loving every second. When she was tired of teasing Kelly let her thong drop to the floor. She was completely on display for my friend and I. I had never seen her completely naked in front of anyone else. The only stitch of clothing she had were the pieces of the garter belt on her thighs. I thought as soon as the last piece of fabric dropped from her body she would cover up quickly but instead she continued to dance. Kyle got a good look at her body during this.
When the last song ended she approached me, grabbed me by the hand, and lead me up the stairs to my bedroom. She sat me on the bed and stood directly in front of me. She held my hands with hers and asked if I enjoyed everything. I told her how hot she was and how much I appreciated everything. After which she bit her lower lip softly and asked me in a very quiet voice, "do you want to see me do more?"
"More?" I asked. I thought I knew what she was talking about but I didn't want to be the one to bring it up.
She responded, still in a quiet voice, "Yea...like we talked about before...you watching me." Hearing those words come out was crazy.
I gathered myself and asked her if she wanted to. I'll never forget her response. "I will if you want me to." I wiped my hands over my face as if to wake up from a dream. Here I was, my girlfriend offering to fulfill my deepest fantasy and I didn't know what to do. It was something I always thought I wanted. Yet, when she presented the opportunity I didn't know what to say. After a moment of thought I asked myself whether I wanted to let this pass me by and when I knew I didn't I simply looked back at Kelly and said "Yes."
She saw my hesitation and asked if was sure. I wasn't, but I told her I was.
"Ok" she said, "I'll do it for you." She truly meant that too. She would never stray or do anything like this outside of me asking her to. Up to this point I was only the 4th person she had ever slept with.
She grabbed my hand once again this time leading me back downstairs. She still didn't have a stitch of clothing on except for the sides of her garter belt. I took a second to admire her ass as I followed her down the stairs. Was I really ready to see that ass riding my friend? It didn't matter if I was ready or not, this was happening. I stopped close to the bottom of the stairs and released her hand, letting her walk freely towards my friend who was still on the couch.
While she was walking in his direction she told him "We decided to join you again" and sat next to him on the couch resting her hand on his stomach. They began to make out. Kyle ran his hands over her smooth tan skin, which made my stomach turn. Kelly did the same to my friend, lifting his shirt up far enough to unbuckle his belt and make room for her hand to slide down the front of his pants and give him a handjob. When the kissing became more passionate and I had move to the chair kitty corner to them because I was so hard I needed to sit down. I knew she had been with other guys before me so I always figured it wouldn't be difficult to watch but this was 100x more intense than I imagined. Those feelings would only be amplified exponentially in the coming moments.
Kyle moved off the couch and stood up in front of Kelly. She looked at me while Kyle pulled down his pants. When his pants were off she turned her attention back to him and opened her legs ever so slightly to allow room for him. He moved to his knees and slid her hips to the edge of the couch. That's when I watched my friend penetrate my girlfriend.
The sex started fairly slow but he ramped up the speed of his thrusts quickly. Kelly isn't quiet at all in the bedroom, and although in my fantasies, I always pictured her being reluctant and hesitant to let loose in front of me she wasn't at all. Within a minute she was moaning "yaa, yaa, yaa" in ecstasy to each of his thrusts. I was very familiar to hearing that I just wasn't familiar with it being initiated by another guy. Kyle had a big cock too, I knew from watching him with his girlfriend. So as much as I hate to think about it I'm sure Kelly's reaction was genuine.
The dirty talk continued and when she asked for it harder I couldn't take it anymore, so I pulled out my cock and started stroking it to them. After a bit Kelly noticed this and walked over to me, getting on her knees on the floor to suck my cock. I was relieved there was a break between them fucking. It didn't last long, however, as after Kyle got done staring at her ass which was in the air and he too walked over to us. He also got on his knees and positioned himself behind Kelly. With one hand on the top of her ass I watched him use the other to guide his dick inside of her again. I found myself sitting in a chair, looking down into my girlfriend's eyes, while my friend rhythmically fucked her from behind. It was the most embarrassing, jealousy fueled rage I have ever experienced. It was also, by far, the hottest thing that has ever happened to me.
It must have been too much for her because she stopped sucking my dick now and just used my legs to support herself. I could feel weight move forward every Kyle pounded her ass. Kelly maintained eye contact with me the entire time. It was so weird looking into her eyes while seeing and hearing my friend in the peripheral have his way with her. She smiled seductively as the sex became more intense. I think she assumed I was loving it because after all it was MY fantasy and it was what I asked for.
Soon he was giving it to her so hard she gave up looking at me and just let him fuck her. I thought I could cum at that very moment...watching her body was at his mercy, her ass making the unmistakable noise of balls getting slapped against it, her tits bouncing in every direction. In my fantasies I could always depict every detail and it was always about my pleasure. In other words I was the one in control of everything. In reality it was the complete opposite, I was completely helpless.
Kyle really gave it to her hard like that for about 5 minutes. During which she came for him. That was incredibly hard to watch and listen to. I wanted her to like it, but not that much I guess...I don't know, it's hard to explain. Kyle also came in that position, pulling out on her back. It was pretty crazy watching my friends big cock cum on my girlfriend's back and ass. She stayed on her knees gently stroking my cock until kyle cleaned off her back and left for the bathroom.
At that moment she straddled me in the chair and sat on my dick. She was really wet and I remember not having any trouble penetrating her normally tight pussy. "Did you like it baby?" were the first words out of her mouth.
I forced a smile and told her yes. At that time I wasn't sure though, I felt a lot of different emotions.
She was stilling riding me when kyle came back from the bathroom and sat back down in the couch. He didn't put any clothes back on. I continued to fuck Kelly when I noticed kyle stroking his dick in the couch. I wondered if he was trying to get off again. My question was answered when after I came Kelly took only a brief second before walking back over to Kyle. I asked what was going on and she said, "I thought this is what you wanted...to take turns on me like you did with Megan (Kyle's girlfriend)." Up to this point I thought once I came we would be done for the night and I was a little taking back by her willingness to fuck him again. But I also found her extremely sexy in this moment and I didn't what to show any reluctance so I went with it and agreed to the plan.
She laid Kyle on the coach and gave him head until he was completely hard again. Then she moved up and began to ride him with her back facing me. I could clearly see his dick appear and disappear into her each time she moved her ass up on down on him. Her hands were resting on his chest surprisingly she looked extremely comfortable and confident riding him. That was sexy to me. Kyle was groping her ass the entire time (which is probably her best feature) until she ran her hands through her hair as she began to ride him more aggressively. I'm sure her 34C tits would have been bouncing nicely for him if he hadn't moved both his hands to cover them.
Kelly initiated a position change and began to ride him reverse cowgirl for a bit before she motioned with her finger for me to come over to her. I was still naked when I got up and moved in front of her. She took my semi hard cock in her hand and played with it while continuing to grind on Kyle. She was actually very good at getting handling two cocks. When she started giving me head she had to bend at the waist which completely exposed her ass to kyle. She wasn't able to ride him as hard so he took her by the hips and did the thrusting himself. Kelly made muffled moans with her lips still wrapped around my cock. Then she took control and got off kyles dick, took his spot laying on the couch, and asked me to fuck her. It's embarrassing, but when she did that inside my head I assumed it was because he was so big and she needed a break. But I began in on her missionary as Kyle moved to the side where she sucked his dick. We continued to fuck her for awhile since it was our second nut and we both were buzzed and all that time let me put away jealousy and insecurity and enjoy it more. I think right away I was so unsure of the situation because when I was just watching I didn't feel like part of it. Especially since she was being so vocal about how much she enjoyed him inside of her.
When it appeared neither Kyle or I were going to cum anytime soon I suggested we take the party to the shower. Kyle and I followed Kelly to the shower where she took off the sides of her garter belt and walked under the water. I positioned her so she was facing me standing up and Kyle was behind her. He started in on her while she and I shared a smile and groped each other.
Her body looked incredible under the water. She didn't have any tan lines and didn't have a hair on her smooth body. I had her pressed against the wall with her legs wrapped around me when I finally came. It made me feel a little more alpha knowing I came inside of her and my friend didn't. But as alpha as I felt in that moment my mood quickly changed as stepped out of the shower and leaned against the counter to watch them finish. Kyle was behind her again and lifted her leg up with his right hand which allowed him to go deeper in her. She lost control of her body again and her tits pressed against the glass. After looking at me she tilted her head back and allowed herself to enjoy the last few minutes with kyle. Eventually he had a hold of the back of her hair and was hammering her ass before finally pulling out. I thought he would cum on her back again but, no, I was in for one more surprise. She dropped to her knees and jerked off his load onto her chest. Kyle left the shower and went downstairs to sleep. Kelly and I finished up too and went to the bedroom.
After we talked for awhile she told me the whole thing was planned. That she knew I really wanted it to happen and she was thinking about it for weeks. She said it wasn't something she would normally do so had to almost convince herself to do it. When she made up her mind it was something she was open to trying she contact Kyle and Megan and ran it by them. That's why Megan wasn't at the bar with us and Kyle "had too much to drink" and had to come back with us. Knowing the whole thing was premeditated was hot to me.