I know, how about we go out to dinner. There is a nice little restaurant nearby with a corner booth, lets try that place tonight, OK? Hope you like seafood!
Let's see if we can get a secluded little table out of the way or even better than that, the corner booth.
So when we arrive I take you by the hand to the threshold of the restaurant with the lovely little old red door. We are greeted by a lovely server who guides us across the room to a small booth tucked into a corner, lovely. Perfect.
Let's have a look at the menu.
I do not presume to order for a lady. I have heard the Tomato Pie with Shrimp is to die for I might have that for starters and then the Grouper. Dessert, well I have you in mind for that.
We place our orders with the waitress and sit and chat, nice and relaxed. You have that cheeky look in your eye. What are you up to?
You have a lovely loose top on, very summery and a nice flowing skirt, I love to see you in a blouse and skirt. Floral blouse and a plain A line light coloured skirt.
We are sitting at 45 degrees to each other in our little booth, very private, very secluded. You keep fidgeting with the neckline of your top. I do not know what they call those types of neckline but anyway it is an elasticised sort of semi circle shoulder to shoulder. You still have that cheeky glint in your eye, really - what are you up to?
The waitress comes over to take our order and I get a bottle of wine to share as well. I like white particularly Sauvignon Blanc, so I will order that.
You keep fiddling with the neckline of your top pulling it out and away from your chest. finally it twigs. You cheeky bugger, you do not have a bra on. I am so slow on the uptake, how in the hell had I not noticed before? Good on me!
How did I miss that, I still cannot believe it. I can normally spot a braless cutie a mile away and here you are sitting next to me.
'Did you get dressed in a hurry.' I inquire with a smirk?
'I have no idea what you mean.' You say cheekily as you continue to twist the neckline of your blouse.
'You know exactly what I mean!' Playing along
'No I don't.' You say, at the same time pulling down the neckline of your blouse to show me your cleavage.
'Right!' I say as I slide seductively into the corner closer to you.
You instantly release your blouse and scoot over away from me to stay out of my reach.
'You stay on your side and I will stay on mine.' you say like a little school girl.
Ok so that is how it is going to be is it. Hmmmm.
Just then the wine waiter comes along with our wine, if he had been just one second earlier he would have seen more of you than I think you realise. Well maybe you do realise, I notice your face redden nicely. A little embarrassed are we?
Hmmm, a little embarrassed, or a little bare arsed?
Now I am really wondering what else I might have missed tonight when we were getting ready to go out was it only your bra that you forgot?
The waiter leaves after pouring our wine and I nod my head in his direction and say 'I think he had a lovely view.'
'He did not see anything, I am always discrete and lady-like.' You say but I can tell by the deepening shade of red on your face that you might be wondering exactly what he did get to see.
We sit and chat and sip our wine with you relentlessly teasing me pulling out your top and slyly pulling your neckline down into your cleavage, until our waitress arrives with our starters.
The course is lovely and after the plates have been cleared we sit and chat and I can see you are emboldened by the wine as your teasing intensifies as now, not only are you showing off your cleavage but you are drawing your blouse to one side to reveal one of your nipples.
You are very bold tonight, I do not think I have ever seen you like this. I do like it though, I like it a lot.
You have one arm across your chest to obscure your flashing from any random passerby but I have a clear plain view from my position of your nipple now out of your blouse under your wrist and you stare at me with that cheeky grin. As you love to tease me.
Over your shoulder I can see the wine waiter behind you and I just raise my glass and make eye contact with him. He is at our table in a flash (great service here) standing between us and over us so he can top up both of our glasses.
The look on your face is priceless. All at the same time, sheer terror, embarrassment, excitement. Yet all you can do is freeze as in your current position you know that your nipple is hidden from his view even if he can see the top of your breast, your only alternative would be to move and then expose yourself to slip your boob back into your blouse.
Good move, you have gone with the deer in the headlights option, freeze - nothing to see here.
Oh - the death stare, I could well be in trouble here.
The waiter seems to be taking an awful long time filling your glass. Funny that. And you see even redder than before. Oh no, I'm in sooo much trouble.
The waiter finally finishes topping up our wine and reluctantly drags himself away from our table, the cheeky bugger. :) I bet he has been having a real good look.
As soon as he has gone you tuck your lovely boob away, have I told you how much I like your nipples? Like little pencil erasers poking up proud from your breasts, I love the shape and colour of your areola and those gorgeous tiny little bumps. The colour, the shape, and the taste.
'Well that is the last time you will ever see my breast.' You say.
Yet I can tell by your expression you are more turned on than annoyed with me. So I just look suitably admonished.
I slide around the booth and take you into my arms and hug you close and profess my apologies which I only sort of mean. I love to test your limits, and the risk of getting caught, well that does get the heart going doesn't it. Plus I like to show you off, particularly when you are so brazenly teasing me in public.
And then just to keep the mood going I reach and pull the neckline of your blouse away from your chest so I can look down and admire your lovely sweet breasts and gorgeous nipples proud and erect. I so much want them in my mouth, right now.
Your hand finds my lap and slides in under the serviette draped across my lap and you work the zip and your hand works it magic and frees my cock from my pants. I love how you play your fingers along the length of my cock and the serviette dances on the back of your hand.
The waitress arrives with our mains and you take great delight in working my cock every time she looks in my direction or asks me a question as she places down our meals.
The food is lovely here, we will definitely be back unless they catch us and ban us for life.
Your hand only leaves my prick so you can finish off your meal. And you excuse yourself to visit the powder room. I feel rather odd sitting there by myself, my cock out and still hard under the serviette, I manage a grin as the busboy clears the table.
You return and take my hand in yours, but you have placed something in my hand. It is your panties, you grab the serviette from my lap and pick it up and throw it on the table.
'We are done here.' You say.
I try to pick up my jaw, juggling your damp panties in my hand, cock out I go to get up from the table.
'You might want to put that away.' You nod towards my cock.
Hmmm, yeah, maybe you are right.
We settle the bill and make our way out to the car and you slide into the driver's seat and I get in the passenger's side.
You do not even put the key in the ignition. You have hitched up your skirt and you throw your leg over me straddling me. My hands have your blouse pulled down off your shoulder so I can get full access to both breasts with my mouth. And your hands are feverishly working the belt and zip of my pants.
I lift my hips and you work my trousers and jocks down my hips to release my cock fully. I pull you close to me so I can kiss your neck, your chin, your lips, your shoulders, your breasts and take your nipples one by one into my mouth. I love exploring the taste of your skin.
At the same time you have locked your hips to mine so you can slide the hood of your clit along the full length of my hard cock. I adjust my hips trying to enter you but you are in full control here and you have teased me all night and this is no different.
I want you so much, I want to fuck you deep and slow right now but you keep your pussy at bay whilst at the same time running your clit and pussy lips up down and across the shaft and knob of my cock.
I press your nipple to the roof of my mouth with my tongue and press my bottom teeth slightly to your areola so that you have contrasting sensations of hard and soft around the full circumference of your nipple. My hands are all over the sides, under and on your tits where my face allows and the nipple not in my mouth I pinch and tweak mercilessly to get you back for all of your teasing tonight.
Finally.
You let me enter you.
Ahhh, I am normally a quiet lover but I cannot help exclaim an involuntary primal sound as I feel my cock encased by you as you let my cock fill your lovely tight warmth.
You raise your hips and stop so just my knob is in you, I squirm and wriggle and use my hands on your chest to try to push you back down or push my hips up so I can be back in you fully.
You are having none of that, until you are ready that is and then you push your butt and hips down on me again.
I give up, you have me at your mercy and I will just accept that. My only consolation is that I have your tits at my mercy and I fully test every inch of them with my hands and mouth. God but you taste good.
Your tempo on my cock steadies but you appear to have no urgency but I sense you are building up to something as the juices of your pussy now coat my cock fully and freely.
You raise your hips and I slide free of you, your hand seeks me out and I feel you guide me to your arse. Slowly, just my knob enters your butt. So this is what you had in mind huh.
I use my hands on your chest to give support and I keep my hips perfectly still, you are in total control here and I will let you guide me in as slowly as you need. Just an inch, then back a little, in another inch then back a little slowly, ever so slowly you work your way down my cock.
The sensation of your butt on my cock is totally different to your pussy, the pressure is concentrated around my shaft where as in your pussy my knob is what receives the greater pressure. So the sensation of being in your butt is highly erotic and very intense for me.
Finally you have your butt down the full length of my cock and I can feel your butt starting to relax to accommodate my cock in you so we can start the slow thrusts into your arse.
I let one hand escape from your boob and drop to your lap, pushing your scrunched up skirt aside. I rest my thumb against your clit and play little circles on, around and over your clit. And with my index and middle finger I play with the opening of your pussy. Just entering you with just my fingertips.
This has an immediate effect as you arch your back pushing your cunt into my hand and forcing my cock deeper into your arse.
So with my mouth alternating between your nipples and my hand cupping, kneading your breast and playing with your other nipple between my fingers, exploring your pussy with my thumb and fingers and then balls deep in your butt.
I cannot think of anything I would rather be doing than what I am doing right now.
As your tempo increases I occasionally dip a finger or two into your pussy and feel my cock slide into your butt, my fingers can play with my cock through the wall of your pussy over and around its shaft.
We continue our dirty fucking until we are both spent. And you just look at me and laugh as we hug together in the public car park of this restaurant. My cock still in you as our passion abides.
God you are so good to me.