Nora stepped out of Zike's car and examined the lovely little park, in which they were going to have a romantic picnic together. She saw a cute little brown bunny jogging with a double wide stroller while she listened to her music. A couple of wolves in the distance chattering on. She loved the park, the smell of spring in the air, the lush grass tickling her paws. Her ears detected a family of bears trying to teach their cub how to ride a bike in the distance. An elderly bird walked past her, whistling a little tune. Then she felt his paw lightly caress her ass.
"So where do you want me to set everything up?" Zike asked.
Nora looked around the park and spotted a secluded area by some trees.
"Over there," she pointed.
Zike grabbed the blanket and bag full of picnic goodies and started walking. Nora quickly followed behind him. She could feel the warm sun against her back and the way her dark blue skirt picked up slightly in the breeze. Zike spread everything out on the grass, sunlight breaking through the green canopy overhead and dotting the blanket with warm light. He laid down on the blanket and gently patted beside him. Nora obliged, laying down beside him, her head resting against his chest, by the crook of his neck, and her leg draped over his pelvis. His black paw softly caressing her round ass over her skirt. She licked at his muzzle while his paw started to squeeze her ass. Nora moaned into his neck and could feel his cock hardening under her thigh. His paw moved up from her ass, playing with her blue and white fluffy tail, then traced along her spine. His touch sent shivers cascading through Nora and she wanted to mount him right there.
As his paw travelled towards her scruff he reached into the bag and pulled out the strawberries. He easily maneuvered Nora so that she flat on her back with him astride her. She could feel his weight push her plump body into the grass. She could feel her arousal start, her pussy starting to moisten. She watched him as he pulled one strawberry from the bunch and then traced along her lips, staining the white fur along her lips a pale red. She opened her mouth further, expecting Zike to feed it to her. He started to move it closer towards her mouth, then at the last second, he ate it and laughed.
"Hey! Maybe I wanted that!" Nora growled jokingly.
"Hay is for horses, honey. And you are no horse, my husky," he taunted. To satisfy his mate, he grabbed another strawberry and fed it to her. She sat up and licked at his muzzle, accidentally staining his white fur with the strawberries' juices.
She pushed her tits against his fluffy white chest while she trailed kisses down his neck, leaving strawberry stained pathway towards his black T-shirt. She could feel the bulge in his jeans get bigger as she lightly nipped at his neck frills. Zike pushed her back down, smiling as he removed his shirt. Nora squeezed his muscular ass as he moved his paws under her shirt, moving up her curvaceous sides till he reached the clasp of her bra. With a single flick, she was freed from the confines of the lacey fabric, then he removed her shirt. She felt the warm sun on her breasts, adding to her excitement. She could feel her pussy flood with warmth.
Zike pushed himself further down her body and spread her legs. He began to tickle her pussy with his digits, making Nora close her eyes at the sudden pleasure. The warm red of the sun through her eyelids, and the warmth showering her face. He inserted a digit into her, a welcome intrusion, clawing at her spongy g-spot. It felt so good, that she let out a yip, and then opened her eyes to see if anyone was looking or had heard her. She peered behind Zike and saw a couple of male foxes were staring at her. She smiled a toothy grin at them when she saw the bulges in their pants; their embarrassment showing, they turned tail and went in the opposite direction. Zike removed his digit from inside her and trailed her wetness up her pubis, over her soft white abdominal fur and plucked at her hard nipples. His other black paw came up and gently squeezed her other breast. As he plucked at her nipple and squeezed her breast, her pussy leaking its' fluids all over the blanket and her skirt. She moaned in pleasure, then Zike moved his plucking digits down to her clit. He rubbed at her nub and sucked at her erect nipple. Nora bucked her hips wanting more, she needed more.
"Not yet," Zike warned, then licked her nipple teasingly.
She was filled with lust, she needed him to fuck her. She wanted him to spray his seed deep into her. Nora sat up and pushed him down. He tried to get back up, but then she growled at him to stay down. She tore open his jeans and boxers, his slick member awaiting her mouth. She took the full length of his cock into her mouth. She could feel the tip down her throat harden even more with the wet and warm contact. She pulled him out completely and began to lick his shaft. Nora paid extra attention to the tip, licking it like a popsicle. She savored his salty pre-cum on her tongue then she fell back. Her legs spread in the air, and her dripping wet pussy ready for the taking.
Zike fell on all fours and crawled towards his mate. Nora was humming in anticipation; the breeze was wafting her moist scent towards her. She closed her eyes wanting to just feel the pleasure. She could feel his feverous body heat as he climbed on to her, then she could feel his slick tip prodding at her entrance. She could feel the seconds slowly, agonizingly slow, tick by while his cock pushed against her wet lips. Without warning, he slammed his massive cock into her tight pussy. Nora howled at the fullness, the pleasure of having her mate joined with her. He slowly started to pump into her, his cock stretching her walls, then he could no longer hold himself back. He rammed her cunt with every thrust, his pubic bone pressing into her sensitive nub.
She clawed at his back as she approached orgasm. She could tell he was getting ready to come and screamed, "I want your knot!" Nora could feel her entrance stretch as his knot entered her pussy. Zike screamed in pleasure as he shot rope upon rope of his cum deep into his mate. The heat of his cum made her entire body tense as she reached climax. Her pussy spasmed, greedily milking his cock.
He collapsed on his mate, trying to catch his breath. Finally, he pulled out of his mate and redid his zipper, as Nora sat up and looked at the huge wet spot on the blanket. Searching for their clothes, Zike spread open a nearby bush and saw the entire park looking in their vicinity.
"Well, I guess we don't have to worry about getting caught," he smirked.