Chapter 4 - Zoe borrows Gary's milk
Gary stirred. It was already light, indeed it was more than early morning: it was quite late. He had rather overslept. But a retired man does not need to rise early. A man approaching sixty needs to recharge his batteries - both of them!
As men find so often, he awoke with an erection - a really strong one. This morning was no exception. Probably nothing to do with any interesting dream he might have been having - he certainly could not remember anything - more the need to have a pee. Rather ridiculous really to have the sexual organ also the one for mituration and for that need to pee to cause it to move into sexual mode. What possible purpose was there in a full bladder induced erection - it made peeing difficult when you were desperate to go!
His bedroom door moved - was it a cat? Was it perhaps the ginger tom from next door - Marmalade come to visit? It happened on occasion.
Not as such, though he soon discovered it was something else which also liked its fur to be stroked, liked to be petted - yes it was certainly a pussy, a nice soft pussy indeed, but not one with ginger fur or a tom for that matter!
Gary blinked unable as yet to see properly as Zoe slipped into his warm bed. He knew it was her not Zara, let alone Melanie for that matter, just by the movement but it was confirmed as she snuggled up to him under the bedclothes and whispered in his ear, "Guess what Tom and I have been doing." Her voice low and breathy in his ear. "Go on, feel." So nice to be invited to touch a woman like that - another man's wife indeed. So nice to find her naked in his bed with not a stitch on and clearly straight from her own bed all warm and 'snuggly'. Lovely to reach down in the bed and touch her fur; lovely to stroke it for a bit, so soft, so warm, so springy; feel her thighs open, lovely then to delve below, his fingers slipping into wet warmth and find she was all sticky there. Evidence she had just been with a man - her husband Tom. An exciting, very sexual stickiness, a lovely pudenda Gary could feel all over knowing the stickiness meant availability. Gary knew what Zoe wanted.
He let his fingers explore and delve, enjoying the complete freedom to roam. Happy to play in her freshly inseminated sex. What a delightful intrusion into marital privacy! He was not at all fazed by finding semen - he would be stupid to do so. What was on offer was the result of that! Her sex felt so relaxed, so open and so available - as well as being recently fucked.
He held up his fingers, "I don't know. What have you been doing, Zoe?"
She licked his fingers, her tongue suggestive, her mouth suggestive, her eyes round. She sucked each finger individually as if they were miniature penises. "I'm all freshly fucked. Do you like your women made all ready for you, Gary?" Her own fingers sought, "My, you are firm, I can hardly pull it away from you. Firm and strong all ready for making babies. Please Mr Roldern will you fuck me now and make me pregnant - again?"
"Can I have a pee first?"
"No. It makes you extra firm and I like firm!"
"Where's the baby?"
"Tom's got Charlie, taking him for a walk in the pram. He's going around to his parents so he'll be a while. I'm joining them for lunch. I thought I'd just, perhaps, drop around."
"Sounds a bit like you planned this."
"Maybe!"
It was so nice to have a woman in his bed. Gary liked sex in the garden but there is something good as well about sex in bed, under the covers all cosy and intimate. So nice having his cock held and then a hand massaging his balls.
"So, so thick and such a big knob. Even your balls are big, Gary." Her fingers kneading and stroking. "Have they been making lots of cum for Zoe all night? Has your cum been slowly trickling in to make you balls big and heavy, is this all Zoe's cum in here?" Her hand curled around his balls, holding them. "Is my next baby all tucked up here inside this one, or perhaps, this one?"
And then she disappeared down the bed. Well, really, what is nicer than to lie in bed in the morning just after waking and feel the warm wet mouth of a pretty woman on your penis. And Zoe was doing it just so right - not just an enthusiastic sucking but all the licking, tongue play and ball sucking as well. Gary spread his knees giving Zoe free access and stared up at the ceiling. Was he not such a lucky man!
How amusing if Zara turned up as well. Lovely to see Zoe popping up out from under the covers and greeting her as well. He could imagine Zara dropping her clothes and joining them. Two girls down his bed, giggling and licking, exchanging his penis between them. Perhaps he would fuck them both, but of course come in Zoe - that was what she wanted. Wonderful to imagine. Two girls in one bed and he alternating between them. Out of one and into the other.
It was just Zoe but it was great. Straight traditional missionary intercourse. Gary on top. So nice to settle himself down on Zoe's chubby body, so nice to suck on her nipples and be fairly sure in a few months' time he would be sucking milk from them once again. So nice to feel her thighs opening to him, so nice to feel his cock brush on her curls, so nice to feel her legs come over his back as he pushed himself easily into her - her sex already so moist and slippery from her recent intercourse with her husband.
Gary was, once more, rather wrongly playing with another man's wife but, of course, with a good purpose in mind - he was really just helping out, helping Tom get Zoe pregnant. Gary's potent semen was needed and the best way to put it where it was needed - splashing all over Zoe's cervix - was to put his penis in her vagina and move it around a lot. Well, it was in, albeit not a long way but as Zoe confirmed by whispering, "my word, Gary, I can't get over how thick your prick is," it might not go a long way but its presence was very clearly felt. Undoubtedly Zoe liked the feel of his short, stumpy cock - and he was certainly moving it around a lot, aided and abetted by Zoe who was pushing against him.
It was certainly man and woman engaged in coitus. And the real purpose of coitus is to make babies.
"Gary, I think I'm going to cum again, Oh yes, like that. Oh yes, like that."
Gary was happy with 'that,' his knob coming right out and then plunging back in again for the full stroke. Funny to know Tom had done the same to Zoe minutes before, indeed perhaps the sequence of fondling, sucking and missionary intercourse had been exactly what she had done with Tom. Perhaps even Tom had been pretty desperate to pee as well!
Feeling his neighbour shuddering under him; her warm, soft body under his; knowing he had set her off; had the same effect on him. His penis began to spurt - the manly accompaniment to orgasm. Zoe felt him and suddenly her legs clamped around him, holding his hips hard against her thighs, his spurting penis embedded as far as it would go sending his strong pulses of potent semen up her tube to just where she so wanted the stuff to be.
And in his ear whispering in a lovely breathy way, "Fuck Zoe, make her have a baby, go on dear, fill her up!"
Satiated, empted but not allowed to move. There was Gary in his own bed held tight as tight could be against the sex of his neighbour. His still rigid penis fully embedded - and she did not let go for a full five minutes. And then, finally, he could go and have a pee!
It was lovely to come back to warm Zoe in his bed and settle down. Just to look at her in his bed, naked but with the sheet pulled up over her. Hair tousled and with that pink, rosy glow women have after intercourse. So pretty. Tom was a lucky man!.
A bit of chat and then they both dropped off to sleep. So nice after a time waking to Zoe. She looked just so pretty lying on his pillow, her dark hair spread out and one breast exposed out of the sheets. Gary smiled to himself. Was he not just so lucky and, what was more, he thought again, when the baby came, he would more than likely be able to suck that very breast and share in the milk. He had loved doing that - and had it not been wonderful when both Zara and he had sucked together?
Gary felt his penis stirring and thickening at the memory. Carefully he lowered his mouth to Zoe's nipple and began to suck. Down in the bed where it was all warm and probably not a little damp from their two bodies his penis became fully hard. Gary was ready for another fuck - but would Zoe let him?
"Oh, Tom what are you doing?"
Her hand felt and very quickly realised it was not Tom. The erection was much thicker but so short in comparison.
"Oh, Gary, we must have slept. What's the time? That's all right, not time to go to Tom's parents yet. What are you doing?"
"Sucking a nipple."
"I didn't say you could do that. Nice though. I suppose you want to fuck again. Not a lot I can do to stop you is there? Here I am naked in your bed - it's not as if it's my bed. I suppose you can do what you wish with me. Even though it's not strictly needed for a baby. Please be gentle. Oh that's nice."
Gary spent some time playing with Zoe's breasts. It was after all not that often he had a pair in bed to play with! Marvellous things - soft, rounded and so pliable. Lovely to see the nipples harden as he licked them.
Lovely too to just get up in bed and place his knob on Zoe's lips. It is always one of the most erotic things, presenting you cock to be sucked, touching your partner's lips with your knob and seeking entry. Her tongue came out and licked. Gary's penis twitched. That was a good feeling.
"You are all slimy still with cum, Gary." But her tongue licked again and then she took his knob into her mouth.
A pleasant minute of having his cock sucked and then, "Down you go Gary. You do the same for me."
Lovely to turn and burrow down the bed into the damp smelling darkness and the approach Zoe's sex, to nuzzle between Zoe's soft thighs into her warm and very wet pudenda. A lovely liquid welcome of a cocktail of Zoe and his cum - and, yes well, it had to be accepted, Tom's cum as well. Gary knew well enough this was a 'cream pie' - a blended 'cream pie' - not from a single source - but it was lovely, Zoe's soft folds made gooey. All so sexual. He was not going to go all squeamish over semen being there, both his own and Zoe's husband's - after all he liked Tom! His tongue worked bringing appreciative wriggles from Zoe and a most pleasing tonguing of his cock.
Returning to the light Gary kissed Zoe and their tongues played together as Gary once more inserted himself and began to fuck his neighbour. So pleasant to be pushing in and out of her remarkably liquid vagina - a gentle slippery friction as his tongue played with her tongue. The bringing on of an ejaculation so soon after the earlier one not easy at his age - which meant more pleasurable sliding for Gary.
"Fuck, Gary, your big, thick cock so does the job with me. You just fill me with it. So big, so big, you make me... oh yes, I'm going to come again. I really am. Fuck!!"
Lovely to feel Zoe wriggling under him in orgasm but still he did not come.
"That was nice Gary but could you come soon?"
"Could we change positions?"
Nice to get Zoe up on all fours, her lovely round bottom exposed. She had guessed what he wanted.
A touch of his penis to her anus.
"Gary! No!"
Gary dropped down a little and pushed himself easily back into her vagina, his thighs up against her soft bottom and his hands reaching under to hold her hanging breasts. Such a lovely position for fucking. The position sort of suggestive of anal intercourse but, of course, totally normal in being the animal way of doing the deed. Nice to feel the softness of the female bottom on the thighs and so pleasant to push against it. And there was Zoe's hand moving under her to fondle his balls - lovely to have them felt as they dangled there. And then a real surprise - a finger on his anus. He had touched hers and now she was touching his. A finger slippery with juices, a finger touching, a finger being eased into his bottom and, as he pulled back from Zoe ready to thrust again, a finger entering his bottom. A finger being moved inside him back and forth as he pushed against her - mimicking the motion of intercourse, a miniature penis in his bottom. The naughty girl!
"Oh, I, Zoe!"
And that sent him over. Not surprisingly really! Gary ejaculating for the second time that morning and with a finger in his bottom; perhaps it would be this load that actually made the baby! Not so much cum as before but plenty enough for babies!
It was a shame Zoe had to go. Gary would have liked to have seen how many times he could come in a whole day with Zoe but he had been lucky to have kept her for so long. Lucky to have been able to sleep with her what was more. It had been lovely waking to her in his bed. She now needed to go to lunch with her in-laws but only she would know that her sex and probably sticky panties as well, contained three loads of semen - and only one of those was from Tom, their son!
Zoe let herself out leaving Gary to get up and have a rather later breakfast or perhaps brunch.
Sex just seemed to drop into Gary's lap but where better, of course?
Showered but not, of course, dressed Gary stepped out into his garden and wandered down to his shed to get his tools. His own tool happily flopping from side to side as he walked. He selected his favourite old spade. Unlike Melanie's great grandfather's hoe it had not been passed down his family. It was old, nonetheless, having been purchased second hand many years ago. He had liked it the first time he saw it in the window of the shop. His then wife had been disparaging. She could never see the point of having something second hand if you could afford new, could see nothing in working with a tool that gardeners before Gary had used and appreciated. It was a good tool. He liked the idea other gardeners had used and appreciated it. Blacksmith made, it was not the sort of thing which was going to bend or break.
Gary wanted to plant seeds for a late Autumn harvest. Opening his shed door Gary broke into a broad smile. That very morning he had already been planting seeds which might come to fruition next spring - was Zoe, around at her in-laws, already pregnant by him?
Gary worked hard. Well, actually soft! There were more than a few times when he was out in the garden digging that his thoughts would lead to an erection but not that morning. He did think what a funny sight it would be to see a man digging away in stout gardening boots completely naked and with a hard-on. It lead him to think back to the other gardeners who might have used the spade. It was very unlikely they had gardened naked: such a thing might have surprised the other allotment holders or, if employed at some big house, the lady of the house!
But, perhaps, in old, baggy flannel trousers as the old gardener worked away he might have had the sort of thoughts Gary often had. Working away in old trousers held up by braces over a shirt with sleeves rolled up, perhaps with a kerchief around his neck and a flat cap to keep the sun from his eyes, had the supposed old boy sometimes found himself hardening? More than likely! Perhaps the old boy's eyes had strayed across the allotment to a woman gardener as she pulled a jumper off which brought her blouse momentarily upwards exposing midriff and flesh and had aroused thoughts.
Perhaps the old gardener at the big house had watched the young daughter of the house walking in her long dress in the garden, perhaps with a young lady friend and he had thought things he should not have thought: perhaps about what lay beneath their dresses - alas well hidden. Maybe he had been called to speak to the pretty lady of the house whilst tumescent within his baggy trousers and had the pleasure of walking up to her and doffing his cap whilst standing firm; actually speaking to her whilst gloriously erect and watching her retreating bottom and thinking with a quiet smile just how good it would be to leave his spade and bend her over the compost heap, lift her dress and imagined fine petticoats and sink himself into her for a really good shagging.
Perhaps, though, the master of the house was incapable and the old gardener was called in by the lady of the house for more than gardening advice but to 'help' her. A servant to be used - not unwillingly. Perhaps on account of his fine tool! Less likely he would be called to help the young daughter or her friend - alas.
Gary smiled. A lovely image in his mind of the old gardener, naked and erect pushing the young ladies, also naked, on a swing under an old spreading Copper Beech tree. The girls kicking their legs, giggling and showing their 'fur' as he pushed away, his tumescent penis thrusting upwards with every push at the young girls, his hands perhaps pushing their bottoms on the swing. What will come after the game on the swing?
The afternoon wore on and Gary finished his digging. He rested a bit in his shed. How many times could he actually have fucked Zoe had she stayed in his bed? How many times could he actually come in 24 hours? Presumably it was something some men did try and find out. Gary could think there would be a steadily rising need for stimulation - ensuring interest. A need for plentiful oral work no doubt! Once more Gary's penis rose as he sat in his shed. Hot and slightly sweaty in his shed, his hand began to work himself towards his third ejaculation of the day. A nice quiet little wank as his mind wandered in pleasant directions. A slight ache in his balls from their already frequent use that day.
All at once there was Zoe outside walking down his path towards his house, her summery dress swishing above bare legs and sandals. Gary immediately stepped out of his shed and called, "Zoe!" It might have been an idea had he checked first Tom was not following her.
She turned at his call and her eyes went up to the sky. "Gary!"
Zoe walked back towards him, "Could I borrow some milk?"
"Of course."
She pushed him into the shed and closed the door. "Everyone's come back for afternoon tea and I've no milk."
"I've plenty."
"Are you ever not hard, Gary? We've already... twice today and look at you... what are you, a teenage boy!"
Her hand reached and closed on his erection. "Shall I, whilst I'm here take care of this but we'll have to be quick, very quick - they're all sitting outside on the patio and know I've just popped around for a bottle of milk."
Lovely having a quiet little wank in your own little shed but so nice when a neighbour pops around and offers to give a hand to finish the job.
Gary watched his knob being covered and uncovered as the wrinkled skin was moved by Zoe's hand.
"Or," said Zoe, "seems a shame to waste it."
Hand off his cock, two hands inside her dress and a pair of panties being slid down her legs. Gary watched in pleasurable anticipation as first one sandal clad foot and then the other stepped out of white panties. Zoe hopped up onto his table and sat with legs apart on the edge, thighs modestly draped by the dress but a clear invitation to reach into the dress.
"Quick Gary, you've got to just come. No messing about, just come."
Gary stepped up to his neighbour - what an invitation to just approach and enter. To stand between her knees and, without actually revealing her sex, leaving it hidden in the folds of her dress, push into her; his hand to her lower back pulling Zoe tight to him and then he began shoving his cock to and fro inside Zoe as if there was no tomorrow. No foreplay, no attempt at prolonging the bout, no attempt to bring Zoe anywhere near coming. This was a fuck in a hurry - a 'quicky' if ever there was one.
Gary's earlier hand work paid dividends. Within just a few strokes, within seconds Gary was coming. Balls swinging he could feel it coming, strong and electric. His even earlier work with Zoe had perhaps made the entrance easy, a delightfully warm wetness enfolded his erection, his knob had slid easily into Zoe and into that soft, slippery all enclosing feeling men so like.
Eyes tight shut, head back, Gary came: probably not this time throwing that much cum but not bad for the little fella at 59! A bit more insemination for Zoe and a great deal of pleasure for Gary.
Zoe was watching him as he opened his eyes. "You did look funny coming, Gary, now quick get the milk before they wonder where I've been."
Gary pulled out and ran down his garden with his cock still erect and leaking. Not many men were asked to go for a run immediately after a fuck - and at his age! He grabbed a full bottle of milk from the 'fridge and ran back up the garden to his shed. Zoe was still in the process of pulling her panties up.
"That was quick."
"Quickest fuck I've ever done."
"I meant getting the milk!"
Panties pulled right up, dress smoothed down, milk picked up. Zoe was ready to leave.
At the gate, Zoe turned and said, "thanks, Gary, for the milk..." and in a whispered giggle, "and the cream."
"My pleasure."
"Yes..." said Zoe wryly looking at his flaccid, dribbling penis, "I know."
Gary walked down his garden path. No need to run this time. A cup of tea, a cup of restorative tea and perhaps a chocolate biscuit or two needed. From next door Tom called, "Thanks Gary."
Automatically Gary called back, "No problem, my pleasure, any time. I've always got plenty."
And then realised what he'd said. Well, it was true, wasn't it?