Nigkala Tales Pt. 05: Art imitates life
Movie as How To
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
Don't forget to rate the story.
= = = = = = = = = =
"I have plans for you."
Queen Inanna spoke to me in the cab. I was unsure how I could respond without looking like a crazy person. Then I realized I could use my phone for cover. So I took it out and looked at it as though I felt it vibrate for a call. I then made the action to answer it, but without actually doing anything. Waiting a few seconds, I said, "So, what are your plans?"
"With you, I will bring back my religion." I noticed the driver briefly looked at me when I got out my phone, but clearly didn't think anything of my having a conversation, nor did he act like he could hear anything.
"That could be fun. Might take a lot of work, and I am not sure that I am the one to be the face."
"What do you mean, face?"
"You need a PR firm, a good plan, and a reason for others to flock to your sites instead of the competition's sites. I can definitely get you set up, but they will need to find a better person to represent your stuff. I would not be accepted for the role that Meinanna held."
"But you are a priestess."
"True, but I am also best known as Nigkala. While she also has that role, it is not what she is known for."
"I must do this, and you will be part of it."
"I am not unwilling; rather, I just think I am not the one you need. However, with the work I am traveling for, I think I can influence things to set up for another to take over."
"She must be true, and pretty, and horny."
"I think I can find several that fit that description. Let me sleep on it. We are at the airport, and I have to go."
"You can't get away that easily."
I said nothing until no one could notice. "I don't expect so, but if I openly talk to you without some subterfuge like the phone, people will lock me up as crazy."
"They wouldn't dare."
I just raised my eyebrow, and nodded. "Barbarians." I just smiled. A bit later, I had the opportunity, so I said, "Phones aren't allowed to be used on the flight, so I won't be able to respond until we land."
"What do you mean, flight?"
"Watch and learn of the 'magic' of my people. I'm sure you will be amazed."
I got a distinct impression she did not believe me, but was willing to allow me a moment to show her. This feeling left moments after we left the ground.
"How can you fly? And so many at once?" I just smiled. "Hmmm. It seems I need to learn more of this time of yours." I felt her settle back to watching, occasionally showing interest, such as when I turned on the news.
As we started over the ocean, the pilot invited me for a tour of the cockpit. When I entered, I got the distinct feeling Inanna was lost in the technology, and that she felt she could not operate effectively in my time. To appease her, I spoke to the pilot, "So, I don't think I have ever been in the cockpit of this large of a jet. Could you explain what everything is? I am sure it would help me out if I need to 'fly' a spaceship in a movie."
The pilot's eyes lit up and started to explain everything. I asked him to go slower, so I could remember better. I could tell Inanna was paying great attention. Often as the pilot pointed out something, I leaned over at the waist to get a closer view, allowing the back of my dress to reveal my vagina to everyone behind me, including the pilot. Eventually, he invited me to sit in the pilot's chair.
As I sat, it was clear my legs were too long. So I practically squatted into the chair, leaving my vagina clearly exposed. He stared at it, and was clearly fully erect. "Oh my!" I feigned, looking from his face to my crotch. "It seems I forgot to wear underwear, and it is causing you a problem. Come here and let me help."
Even as he moved closer, he said, "Huh? What do you mean?"
I started to undo his pants, and looked him in the eye. "You are erect, and won't be able to sit properly. Why don't you stick it in me and have sex to handle it? Why don't you lift off my shirt?"
He lifted off my shirt, and then took his own off, completely ignoring the two others in the cockpit. "You really do have four?"
"Yes, come feel and suck them and compare them all." I then guided his waist to ensure he entered me, while he started feeling me up. I continued telling him things to encourage him to focus on me. Two minutes later, he came, as did I. After we calmed down, I realized he was still hard. "Oh! I like you. You are still hard!"
He looked surprised, but didn't care. He just started pumping into me again. Suddenly, I heard Inanna, "A little gift from me. Every time my priestess has an orgasm, I get a little power. I intend to ensure I get a lot of power." I then heard her giggle, as I realized this flight was about to become an orgy. Two hours later, I left, carrying my clothes, and went back to my seat. I left the cockpit crew, and two flight attendants, worn out.
Several people looked at my nakedness, and some even asked about it. I just pointed my thumb at the cockpit, and said, "Well, the mile-high club has some new members, I think. Anyone else want to join?" No one said anything, but two hours later, when everyone was asleep, I was awakened by a young man indicating he wanted to join. I whispered, "Strip." His eyes widened, but I just reached out and started undoing his belt. While I did my best to be quiet, he made a bit more noise than me, and when we came, I noticed half a dozen people were watching. When he stood up to get dressed, there was a round of clapping. "Welcome to the club." I then closed my eyes and pretended to go back to sleep. Still nude, I wound up having sex with four more guys and two gals.
It wasn't until we landed that I was approached by an attendant. "Miss Nigkala, you are about to disembark, and it would be best if you put some clothes on."
"That's not what you said last night," I smiled. She suddenly got all embarrassed, so I kissed her. "I'll be good. Well, mostly." While others were getting their carry-on bags, I was getting dressed. I could still feel Inanna in the back of my head, and it seemed she settled on being a tourist for now.
Just before walking up the aisle, I leaned over to feel how bad a mess I left behind. I was surprised.
"That will never be a problem. The fluids are absorbed into your body, and so provide me power. At least any that fails to make you pregnant. Since you had your remaining eggs removed, you will be able to receive so much more."
At that, I had a crooked smile, since it meant sex would be less messy for me.
I was met by my agent, and he took me to my new hotel. "How was the flight?"
"Well, I signed up maybe a half dozen more mile-high members. What. I can't help it if everyone wants to have sex with me."
"Yeah, right. The way you dress and flash everyone? How can they not?"
We both laughed at the common conversation.
"Actually, I think it might have been a first." He looked at me, eyebrows raised. "The pilot took me in the pilot's chair."
"Wow, were you alone?"
"Of course not. The cockpit crew watched. It turned into an orgy and I left five exhausted behind." I smiled in memory.
"So, tired? Need to sleep to take care of jet lag?"
"Actually, no. But I do think I want to spend a few hours in the tub to relax. But first, let's talk a bit about the movie."
So he told me the story about how my disappearance seemed to combine with the news of a new Nigkala story, and the mix of publicity ignited the greed of our studio. We laughed at that. He said it included much more about how life back then really was lived, and they wanted to include some of that.
"Actually, I connected with the archaeologists, and I think I could get them to be technical advisors to have very realistic costumes, rituals, and such. I think we could even have some 'authentic' rituals in the movie." At this, I felt Inanna's intense interest. "Think they will go for that? They can advertise it as 'The most realistic depiction of sex worshipers'."
"Oh wow. That will definitely interest them. And I'm sure the X-rated scenes could be great."
"Yeah. And we could include some other rituals for the extras, including some for 'private' use."
"Oh man, you got me hard just imagining that."
I started undoing his belt, but he took over, so I just lifted my dress. "You think about how to pitch it. But that will require the experts I mentioned."
He entered me. "Okay, I'll get on it." After we both came, he said, "Well, I best get back to the office to get started."
"I'll send you the contact info, and alert them to your interest."
"Thanks." With that we parted.
I undressed and started the bath. I then called down for someone to massage me for a few hours. When they came in, they were surprised I was naked. I just told them I was going to begin in the bath, and I wanted them to do whatever they could to relax me. At first, they were hesitant, so I told them to be sure and give me at least one happy ending per hour. I fell asleep under their ministrations, and in my dreams, Inanna and I talked.
Initially, Inanna was enthused about all of today's magic. I told her my world was like my 'magic stone', and not magic to people here. I explained people had explored the entire world, and had ways of talking across any distance between places on the world. We even had people in space above the sky. [That took a while to explain.] Each orgasm my body had interrupted my explanations, as I experienced it fully in my dream. Eventually, she wound down about that and started to ask what I was thinking about when I was talking about doing her rituals. I explained how our storytelling was done with image and sound, and that I could show the ritual, as though the viewer was part of it. But the best part was the extras. If I could get the watcher to participate in the special ritual that didn't need a priestess, or could use a recording of one, that might give her some power. She liked that idea. We spoke of what rituals I might use and how I could show them. Unfortunately, she did not understand our technology enough to figure out what to do, so I said I would show her soon. Before the dream ended, she also taught me how to speak to her without anyone noticing.
I woke up in bed, naked, but sated. I reached for the phone and asked the time. It was morning, so I ordered a large breakfast. When they knocked, I opened the door naked and just told them to set up at the table. After a leisurely breakfast, I called my agent and told him to pick me up. Then I got dressed.
The next few days, my agent and I got seriously involved in the property. The archaeologists were also retained for their expertise. Through a lawyer I sometimes used for sneaky stuff, I invested in the property as an associate producer in order to have some input on the religious scenes. As a producer, I also promised extra rituals for the mass marketing version. John Maxwell, the lead archaeologist I met over there, again was the head of the team hired for the property. We collaborated with each other to get an authentic temple to film, to define the rituals in English, and to design historically accurate costumes. It helped that I had actual clothes and jewelry that I would use in the film. Somewhere along the line, John asked, "Are you also a priestess?"
Hesitating, I replied quietly, "Yes. For over a year."
"Aren't you worried she will have a problem with this?"
Smiling crookedly, "She already knows."
His eyebrows rose, and then he looked about. "I don't want any trouble."
"She wants this, and your professional involvement helps her. You and your team have nothing to worry about."
We continued to talk about many things, discussing how best to show the rituals, and also how to set up the do-it-yourself rituals. Also during this initial time, I showed Inanna a few of my films on my home theater. After watching the story play out, she was thoughtful. I then showed her what the 'extras' were, and how they complemented the main title, yet were independent of it.
As the property was based off the tablet I penned in Kish, I was not worried about the script, beyond ensuring the rituals were part of it. I was back just over two weeks when we had the initial read through. The actor they found to play Lukala was almost my size, and the effects people gave him six-inch platform shoes and a muscle suit to make him seem twice my weight. I spent the evenings practicing with him to ensure he knew his weapons well enough to look authentic, and also to gauge his fighting style. I felt a free-form fight would work, as long as key points happened. We both pulled our punches, yet the sheer intensity wore us down after an hour or so. Well, him more than me.
Filming went quickly, and the fight went off perfectly. I got to show off my own strength when I picked up the false squad leader, and I showed off my accuracy using the trick sword to 'kill' his squad, leaving bloody remains. That even occurred in a single take, and the director praised it. The hard part was the initial sex party. It took nearly a week to get each and every sex scene, along with all the fancy (lack of) outfits. We also filmed two rituals for inclusion in the movie, and four more for the extras. In addition to the usual two versions of sex, we also filmed the rituals in a PG version. The walking tour with my nipples out took two days to film. Then came the waiting.
Inanna was impatient, and I had to liken it to making bread. You mix the ingredients, wait for it to rise, then knead it again and knock it back. We had barely mixed the ingredients, and now must wait for others to complete it. At last, it was completed, and the advertising went out. Through my hidden producer control, I got them to premier it in a museum after showing the display of the artifacts found by the archaeologists. I even posed next to my statue, wearing the same outfit as my statue. The next day, the museum opened a small video exhibit. It showed the PG ritual, with subtitles, but no sound. While Inanna felt that the video should have shown more, I explained that our people did not like open displays of sex as her city accepted. I also took her to a showing of the film, and she was much happier with that.
Over the next few months, I spent a lot of time with my family, with only weekend travel for promotion. I did three or four interviews a week from home, either in person or via video. At this point, I put into action the second part of my plan. Using several fake internet accounts, I drummed up support for recreating the rituals to see if they worked. I targeted fringe groups, and got some takers. I guided them to the extras, and to one particular ritual. This was one for temporary virility. On the day scheduled for the first one to be attempted, I asked Inanna to be on the lookout for it. She later told me it happened, and she aided the recipient.
Over the next several weeks, a number of people tried it out, and the word spread without help from me. Inanna told me she could feel herself getting a tiny amount of power from these rituals. I told her it was time to up the game. I then used my fake accounts to get some people to do another of the rituals. While fewer followed, some still did. A few weeks later, a third ritual was encouraged. This one actually demanded a promise of service to Inanna for her favor. Two weeks later, Inanna told me one woman accepted.
I took a week's vacation alone to see this woman, and to introduce her to the full reality of the priesthood. Inanna did her part in showing the impossible. I was in disguise, but when I spoke to her in Sumerian, Inanna gave her the translation. "I have come from the past to reveal to you the true priesthood."
"Who... Who are you?"
"I am a priestess of Queen Inanna. We are here to teach you."
"What? That was real?"
"Yes, and she has accepted your service. Come, let us go to your bedroom and I will begin my lessons." I used my whammy on her, and she led us to her bedroom. "Strip. Let me see what we are working with." Again, I use my whammy.
She undressed, and I turned her around so we both could see what she looked like. I heard Inanna, "She's not much."
Silently, as she had taught me, I replied, "Even so, we must start somewhere, and I am not that starting point. What do you think is her worst problem?"
"She is overweight, and weak. She also needs to learn to use makeup better."
"I think I can change her habits and get her to lose the fat and get stronger. As for makeup, I think that will need a trip or two to the store and some lessons." I then turned my stare on her, and said, "Jenny, the priestesses of Inanna are strong and fit. Find a way to learn self-defense from a good teacher. Exercise more, and eat healthier." I then got to the part I was most worried about. "You will have sex with me and show me what you know. I will teach you new things. You will not notice my extra breasts, and you will not remember having sex with me, except as a barely remembered dream. The skills I teach you will become second nature." I then took my clothes off. "Seduce me."
She came to me and clumsily began to show me what little skill she had. After a few minutes, I stopped her. "Allow me to teach you." Over the next two hours, I showed her all the basics of seducing a woman. I then got a strap-on out, and wore it. I then had her show me how she went for a man. She was somewhat better, but again, I spent two hours teaching her new skills. I then ordered her to show me her closet, so I could see her clothing. I selected an outfit for her to wear and told her to put it on. She went to her dresser and pulled out some underwear, and I said, "No underwear." She then put it back. I also dressed. When she was dressed, I looked her in the eyes and said she looked better than when we had met. I then asked her to show me what makeup she had. When she started to put some on, I stopped her and said I would apply it. Having many more years of experience than her, I was able to do it far better than she could. "Look."
She opened her eyes. "Oh! I... I... I look beautiful!"
"I will teach you this also. Now, take me to where you shop for cosmetics."
We got in her car, and drove to the local mall. I had her point out what she usually bought for makeup. I then pointed to some and explained how they did not help her look because they conflicted with her skin tone, eye color, or whatever. Others I indicated were okay, but these others were better at doing the job. I finally pointed out some she did not have and indicated that these would help her, and I explained how. I then paid cash for a complete set of makeup, moisturizers, and applicators. I then asked her to take me to where she normally bought clothes. This time, I did the same commentary, but we went to three other stores to compare clothes. Finally, I paid cash for four sets of clothes, one from a fancy place, two from her usual place, and one from a store she didn't usually go for. Next were shoes. I paid for two pairs, one fancy, one just nice.
I had her take us home and instructed her on using makeup for two hours. Over the next several days, I reinforced my commands. By the end of the week, she had managed to get two hot dates with sex, and was ready for an official ceremony. We were both naked, and I had taught her the ceremony. I led and she responded. When she stated she wanted to become a priestess of Inanna, I felt Inanna's joy. As we kissed, I felt a small bit of Inanna's power flow from me into her. We both came, and suddenly I was in a dream of this ceremony. There, Inanna formally accepted Jenny, and they had sex. I felt it all, and I quickly realized Inanna was using my body to initiate her.
When it was over, I felt my body placing Jenny's on her bed, still in a state of euphoria. Inanna turned to me, "I didn't believe you. I am sorry. Your plan has borne fruit. And it may yet bear more soon. She is still weak and fat, but she has learned to make herself look better."
"She is weak now, but as she begins to eat well and exercise, the fat will fall off, and the weakness will become strength. With my command to learn self-defense, she will begin to learn your warrior side. I think a visit in a month, or so, would be good. I can reinforce the training, and we can evaluate her advancement." I left a few minutes later. It took three months before we got another priestess.
I set up a private site to mentor the priestesses. While the rebuilding of her priesthood took a long time, Inanna laid her plans on becoming a major concern in the belief department. Yet, she often asked me to look over her plans to be sure they would work in this strange world of mine. Still, she began to learn how to navigate it. She chose to repay me in an unusual way. The paparazzi no longer tried to invade my family privacy, even as they continued to take lots of pics of me in sexual situations or sexually exposed. The second way was she made others accept outrageous sexual behavior from me. For example, she told me to go to a fancy restaurant in the nude. Not only did they give me a great table, several people came up to me and asked for autographs or selfies with me. When the cop came up, I thought I was in for it, but he just wanted a selfie. After he took the pic, I offered to give him a blowjob. Boom. His pants fell. He left happy.
An unexpected benefit of the second gift was that I no longer had to worry about my daily sexual needs. All I had to do was go someplace with randy people, and I could get laid easily. If I wanted several, I could have several. I spoke with Filipe about this, and he said he wanted to see it in action. So a few days later, I had him enter a bar and I followed a few minutes later. He watched as I openly had sex with four guys and two gals over the next two hours. I then left, and he followed me to the car. "You weren't lying. She did this for you?"
"Yes. As her priestess, she gets a little bit of power every time I have sex. So she makes it easy for me to have lots of sex. And you already know I can handle it. I'm just concerned about your feelings and how it will affect our family."
"Honey, there is no way I could keep you satisfied before. Now? I don't even want to try. The fact you worry about it means you truly love me. Knowing that, and your needs, how can I object? I know that no matter how often you have sex with others, you will always come back to me. As to the kids, they already know I did not sire all of them. They know you have had sex with others, especially the way the paparazzi follow you. Yet, they also know you love them. I think they will barely even notice."
"I... I love you." I buried my face in his arms. "I don't know how I could do this without you."
Filipe then hugged me, and we spent a few minutes holding each other. Soon after he left, I heard, "I know what it is to love, and I gave much to keep mine. I will not intrude on your happiness." I then felt Inanna's feelings for me and realized she now thought of me as family.
But that is another story...