The shoes complete the costume: tall black boots with sharp stiletto heels, suede that will cling to my calves and shoot up to the bottoms of my thighs. I've been buying the clothes one by one over the past few months. The first piece was the skirt. Dark purple leather with black snakeskin detail, tight around the wast and only a little looser around the upper thighs, where it stopped just under my ass. When I saw it hanging on the rack at Macy's, I loved it immediately. It was completely different than anything I'd ever worn, an incredible contrast to the loose button-downs and mom jeans I usually favor. It was also far, far more expensive than I could afford as a broke college student. But I bought it anyway, even though I didn't quite know why. Two weeks' salary at my library front-desk job. Worth it. Not that I had anywhere to wear the skirt.
Next came the corset. I didn't go looking for something to pair with the skirt, but around the Halloween of my junior year, I started seeing corsets everywhere. And as I passed by stacks of them while sifting through thrift shops and costume stores, searching for a Hawaiian shirt to complete my Tourist Dad costume, my mind started formulating a plan.
For as long as I can remember, I've been the Tourist Dad girl, the library front-desk girl, the loose button-downs and mom jeans girl. I've had a couple of relationships with men who started out by calling me cute. But I'm single right now. And what if, just for a night, I went somewhere new — dressed completely differently — and became someone else?
Tourist Dad would be my costume for the parties at school. And I'd put together a second costume for a party downtown.
So when I went to the thrift shops with my friends, I didn't sort through the corsets. But I made mental note of where they were. And I came back alone. I found one that fit me perfectly, soft black leather like the skirt, strapless with lacing all the way down the front.
That brings me to today. The Saturday after Halloween, the final day of Halloweekend. Yesterday I'd done the rounds in my Hawaiian shirt. Today the shoes arrived, just in time, and my second costume is complete.
A dominatrix.
I dig through my closet and toss the corset and skirt on my bed. I have the suite to myself tonight; both of my roommates have gone to a pregame at a friend's place. They asked me why I wasn't coming with them. I tried to keep the excitement from showing on my face — or anywhere else — when I told them I was going to explore the city by myself tonight.
It's time to get dressed.
I strip off my t-shirt and jeans. Now I'm only wearing my bra and underwear. I needed to choose my undergarments carefully for tonight, so when I got dressed this morning, I put on a tiny black lace thong and a matching bralette. But since the corset is strapless, it won't cover the bra straps. I guess braless it is.
I unhook the bralette and fling it into my hamper, allowing my tits to feel the coolness of the air. They're small and round, ready for the corset to push them into mountains. I slide the corset over my head and begin to pull the laces tight, watching as my tits draw close together. I give the laces one more yank before tying them in a bow. It's tight, but every restricted breath sends a thrill shooting through my stomach, traveling right down to my pussy.
Next I shimmy into the skirt, pulling the waistband over the bottom of the corset, and zip up the boots. I add some eyeliner while looking in my desktop mirror. Preparing myself to see the whole outfit for the first time, I open the door of my bedroom and head for the full-length mirror in the hallway.
Holy shit.
I barely recognize myself. My hair is long and dark and wavy, and my outfit clings to my curves, tracing my shape like a pair of caressing leather hands. My heart beats as I picture one of my roommates coming back to our dorm, maybe to pick up a forgotten bottle of vodka or pair of cat ears, and stumbling upon me like this. There's something shameful about my friends seeing me like this, tits pushed up, skirt barely covering my ass. But I can feel my wetness seeping onto the fabric of my thong all the same.
I lean back slightly. In the light of the hall, I see a glimmer on my newly-exposed inner thigh. It's a trickle of my wetness. It must have escaped my thong. Maybe I should wear higher-coverage underwear, if even being alone wearing this turns me on so much? I have no idea what will happen once I'm wearing this in public. Maybe I shouldn't even go. Maybe this is too much for my first time dressing slutty. I should probably just wear my Hawaiian shirt again, just with fewer buttons closed.
No, I promised myself that I would branch out tonight. I won't be seeing anyone I know. I'm going to a club full of strangers, far away enough from campus that I'll be completely anonymous. There's no chance I'll be seeing my roommates, my library coworkers, or even the sexy grad student who teaches my Pop Art History class — Max, whose chiseled cheekbones and black nail polish make an already-interesting class significantly more so. And that means that there are no stakes. If I somehow embarrass myself tonight, no one in my real life will have any idea.
Before I can change my mind, I grab a clutch and a black trench coat, long enough to conceal everything but the bottom of the boots, and race out of my dorm room. I keep my head down as I hurry out of the building and to the street off campus, blending in with the crowds of students heading to the frat houses a few streets away. But I don't follow them in the direction of the frats. I call a Lyft and get out two miles away in front of a club downtown. No backing out now, Lily, I tell myself.
I take a deep breath, flash the bouncer my ID — I'm a freshly-minted 21 — and walk into the club.
It's dark and packed. My chest gives an exhale; the darkness and the bodies should conceal me enough that I can feel comfortable in my anonymity. I hang up my coat on a rack and weave my way toward the bar.
"Happy Halloween, my lady. What can I get you tonight?" asks the bartender, a guy in his late-twenties with a raspy voice and a pirate costume. One of his eyes is covered by a patch, but the other sparkles deep amber in the low light. A sharp nose casts a shadow over his face. He's my type: a little goth, a little mysterious. But he's on the job. I wouldn't want to disrupt him.
I watch his eyes flicker down from my face and to my exposed cleavage. I feel myself starting to get wet again. It won't go anywhere, since he's at work, but flirting wouldn't hurt.
"What's your best drink?" I ask, leaning forward just a bit so that more of my tits creep out of the top of the corset.
I can see that he's struggling to keep his eyes fixed on my face. "You look like you would enjoy a Moscow Mule," he says.
I smile at him. "Yes, I do enjoy a good... ride."
He can't control himself any longer. He's staring at me hungrily now. I lean even closer over the bar.
"My lady, I th-think you may want to make an adjustment," he says, waving a hand at my corset.
I glance down. The top has ridden so low that one of my nipples, pink and hard, has escaped from the leather. I feel myself flush. I moved too quickly. I got ahead of myself. I knew this was a bad idea. I don't think I've ever felt this humiliated.
But he's still looking at me with that one intense eye. And I can feel my wetness dripping from my pussy, even stronger than in my dorm room.
Tonight, I'm someone other than me.
Deliberately, looking him right in his eye, I roll my nipple between two fingers and tuck it back into the fabric of my corset. I cock my head. "Oops."
The bartender smirks and mixes my drink. "Have a good time tonight."
I taste it, the alcohol warm in my throat, and slide a $20 across the counter. "Oh, I think I will."
There's a man on the barstool next to me, pretending to watch the dance floor while shooting me glances out of the corner of his eye. As soon as the bartender moves to the other end of the counter to serve a couple of guys dressed in football jerseys, the man next to me looks at me for just a moment longer, then looks away again.
It's obvious what he's doing. He's not the kind of man I'd usually be interested in — he's blond and wears a sharply-tailored suit, maybe a few years older than me — but tonight I can make him happy. So I play along.
When he isn't looking at me, I tilt my body in his direction so that he's seeing me almost from the front, but keep my head turned away. I take another sip of my drink. His next glance comes with a slight gasp as his eyes lap up a clear view of my tits. I stay like that for a few minutes, letting him enjoy the sight. Then I do something even more unlike myself. I open my legs.
Just slightly, just enough that if his eyes traced down the lacing of the corset, he would see the trickle of wetness glistening inside my skirt. When he looks over again, I think he must miss it — there's no reaction. So I spread my legs another inch wider. Another minute, another glance, another lack of reaction. Another inch. And then another.
He can't possibly be missing how soaked the insides of my thighs are. I can't see the wetness, but I can feel it, dripping from my pussy and spreading onto my exposed skin. My knees are at least four inches apart now. And the blond man has the perfect view.
All of a sudden, he gets up from the stool and takes a step toward the dance floor. How dare he! After all I showed him, and he doesn't even acknowledge it? I snap my knees together. He doesn't deserve to see me.
At the sound of my legs closing, he turns his head, looking me right in the face. And then he smiles.
He must have been looking all along.
And he won.
I should be embarrassed. But I'm not. I'm just angry.
"What the hell was that?" I slide off my stool and step toward him.
"What was what?" he asks, that coy smile twitching on his lips. They're sexy lips, full and rosy.
"You know as well as I do," I hiss.
"Dance with me," he says, extending a hand.
An electro-pop remix of Thriller blasts from the speakers. Semi-reluctantly, I take his hand, and we start dancing chest to chest. In my heels, we're almost the exact same height. Good. I want him to feel intimidated.
"Tell me," I say again. "Why didn't you react?"
He laughs, moving his hands to my waist. I feel another tingle in my pussy as his fingers brush against a sliver of bare skin where my corset almost meets my skirt. "How should I have known what you were looking for?" he says. "I'm not the one flashing random guys at clubs."
I flush again. It really is embarrassing, to hear him lay it so bare. He looks at my tits, this time without pretending otherwise. My pussy is so full it's almost bursting. The embarrassment is like a drug. I want more.
"That's better," I tell him.
"Well, then," he says, spinning me around. "Do you want me to tell you something else you may or may not like to hear?"
Fuck it. "Sure."
"When you got off that stool, your skirt rode up in back. Everyone dancing here has had a full look at the bottom of your ass cheeks."
I gasp and step back, my hands tracing my skirt and yanking it down. My face is burning. This is definitely more than I planned for tonight. Showing specific people — maybe. But the whole club?
"I suppose you did want to know," the blond man says, smirking again.
"Fuck you," I say, turning to find a dance partner who's less of an asshole.
"Hey, hey," he says. I feel his hand on my shoulder, and against my will, his touch makes me shiver. I turn back around. "I'm sorry. I thought you did that on purpose. I didn't mean to offend you."
This time, I smile back at him. "You'll have to try a lot harder to offend me."
He takes my waist again and we start dancing for a second time. "So let me figure out what you want," he says. "I can look at you, but only in moderation, and you want to be subtle about it. I can work with that. Can I... touch you?"
His words make me shiver again. "Yes," I say, breathlessly.
His hands travel down from my waist, skimming my ass and the sides of my thighs. The lightness of his touch is almost too much for me to handle. I don't know how the thin fabric of my thong can keep in the sheer buildup of arousal inside it.
He leans in, his lips so close to mine that I can feel his breath. His hands are still hovering at the hem of my skirt. "Can I... taste you?"
"Yes," I whisper.
But instead of leaning in the final inch to kiss me, he dips his finger up slightly into my skirt, wiping off some of the wetness from my inner thigh. I tremble as he lifts his finger to his lips and licks it.
He lowers his hands to my waist again. "Delicious."
My legs are weak, but suddenly, I'm furious all over. He implied that he was going to give me something in return for his enjoyment of my body. But there was no kiss. He tasted me without giving anything back.
He will pay.
I grin and grind onto his pelvis, feeling his dick through the fabric of his slacks. It's hard. Harder than I would have even expected, actually. Good. Glancing around to make sure no one is watching, I lower my hands from his shoulders to the sides of his ass.
"What about me?" I whisper. "What can I do for you?"
He leans in again. "Anything you want."
I bring one hand to the front of his pants and trace the outline of his dick, watching his face carefully. I can see that he's fighting to keep himself expressionless, but when I press lightly on the tip, he draws a sharp breath. "Stop teasing me," he says.
I pull my hand away. "Oh, I will," I say. "I think I've done enough for tonight. Our dance is over."
"That's the opposite of what I meant," he says.
I wink at him. "I know."
I slip deeper into the crowd, losing myself in the gyrating bodies, and congratulate myself on what feels like a victory.
For a long moment — maybe it's five minutes, maybe it's an hour — I allow myself to get absorbed by the dance floor. I grind with a group of girls I don't know, all wearing costumes that show just as much skin as mine. One of them, an angel clad in a lacy white bra and matching white skirt, twerks on me for just a little longer than you would with any random stranger. I'm bisexual, and although tonight feels like a dick night, I can't say I don't appreciate her thick ass drawing circles on the front of my skirt. But eventually the girls spin away and I find myself with my arms around a skinny guy with a spiky Salvador Dalí mustache. When I ask him whether it's a costume or a lifestyle choice, he raises his eyebrows and suggests that I come home with him to find out. But I'd rather leave my art history in the classroom, so even though he has a cute smirk, I decline. I dance with more people than I can remember, their faces blurring into an amalgamation of sexy grins and dramatic makeup and strobe-lit eyes sneaking glances down my corset.
And then, in the center of the crowd, dancing bodies surrounding me, I whirl around and smack into the one man I definitely didn't want to see tonight.
Max.
The sound of the club music fades to a dull throb in my ears. I'm suddenly hyperaware of the cleavage pushing out of my corset and the sweat-soaked skin of my thighs shimmering under the lights. And there he is, his face half a foot from mine, staring back at me with an expression that I can only assume mirrors my own. As far as I can tell, he isn't dressed up much. He's wearing a fitted black military jacket that clings to his body, plus black leather pants that don't leave much to the imagination either. Same painted black fingernails and rumpled hair as always. The same aesthetic as usual, just... heightened.
And right. In front. Of me.
"Hey, Lily," he finally says. "I... didn't know you went to this sort of thing."
"I don't," I choke out. "This is, um, my first time here."
Not only am I almost completely exposed, but I'm alone. And who the hell goes to a club alone dressed like this? He must think I'm some kind of whore.
I hate that thought. I hate it so, so much.
And yet I can feel my nipples hardening even more, straining to break free from the leather of the corset again without me even leaning forward.
Max crosses his arms. "I shouldn't be seeing a student in this context. This is so unprofessional. My advisor would kill me."
Like I can do anything about that? Still, I look away from his eyes — those sexy deep brown eyes. "I'm sorry."
"No, no, this is just a coincidence. Neither of us can be blamed," he says. He sounds almost like he's trying to convince himself of something.
"Blamed?" I ask. "For what?"
"Seeing each other. That's all," he says.
My tentative hope evaporates. Running into each other. Of course that's it. It's not like we would do anything tonight that would be worthy of blame.
But... he's already seen me in this costume, at my most shameful. It wouldn't hurt to push it a little further. Because what else do I have left to lose?
"As long as we're both here, um, we could dance," I say. I gesture at the bodies around us. "It's what everyone else seems to be doing."
I didn't realize how hard my heart was beating until I watch his face, chiseled and unreadable, as he contemplates my suggestion.
After a pause, he nods. "No one else from school is here. We won't get caught."
Hmm.
I don't know what kind of dance this is going to be. I don't know how tame he's going to want to stay. No matter what he leads with, I'll respect it — it's his job on the line, and I want him to be comfortable with all the risks he takes tonight. But I I hope he takes some risks with me.
He grabs me around the waist and pulls me to him, rocking his pelvis in rhythm with the music. "Where did that come from?" I gasp, wrapping my arms around his back and grinding in turn.
Max smiles, revealing white teeth. "If we're going to dance, we might as well dance, right?"
I shake my head and grin back at him. "Your call, Teach."
He laughs. "I don't want to think about my job tonight."
"Why not? Isn't the club the best place to philosophize about Warhol's women?" I say, feeling his back muscles clench and unclench through the thin fabric of his jacket.
"It's Halloween," he says. "Tonight is for something... different."
He's been respectful in his gaze until now, keeping his eyes fixed on my face. Only at this moment do I see his eyes dip down onto my upper chest.
"I'm going for something different too," I say softly.
"Oh, that's clear," Max says, pressing me even closer to his body. "I've never seen you look anything like this, Lily."
I hope he doesn't see my burning cheeks in the darkness. "Thank you? I think?"
His hands are warm and firm on my hips, guiding them to grind faster and faster against him. "Don't worry, it's a compliment. You look stunning. Who knew you were hiding that under your art girl clothes?"
So he's seen me. Really seen me. And tonight, even though it's the first time I've shown myself to him for real, it's not the first time he's looked.
"You know, I can be multifaceted," I tell him. "I have talents beyond writing kickass art critiques."
"Oh?" he says, moving his hands up so that they rest around my neck. I can feel his fingertips brushing my skin and I shiver. "What kinds of talents?"
I look at him right in the eyes. "Are you asking me what I think you're asking?"
His gaze turns serious. "If it's what you want. I know this is unethical. If you want to leave, do it right now, and I'll pretend I never saw you here. I won't let it change how I treat you or how I grade you. I promise."
And somehow, even though he's telling me I can go, it's the sexiest thing he could have said right now.
I lean forward and bring my lips almost to his. "It's what I want."
He brings his lips the rest of the way toward mine and kisses me, his mouth warm, his hands pressing my neck closer and closer toward him so that he can feed on me. And that's what I want right now. I want him to consume me.
We're kissing deeper and deeper, his tongue intertwining with mine, his hands tracing up and down the back of my body. Finally, he breaks away. "I've wanted to do that since the first day I saw you," he whispers.
My heart is beating so quickly that it feels like my chest will explode. He's not hiding his glances anymore; his eyes are tracing the front of me with the same searching abandon that his hands were tracing the back a moment ago.
"Is there anymore more private in this club?" I ask him breathlessly.
"Judging by what I saw you do with that blond dude a while ago, I thought you were more of a public type," Max says.
Holy shit. I can't believe he saw that. He really must think I'm a slut — that this is what I'm really like. Not that it's something I'm trying on for the night. He must think he's dancing with the real Lily, the one I keep hidden in class, the one who's bursting to come out, all for him.
I don't know who the real Lily is at this point, but even I have my limits. "What... do you want to do to me?"
"Oh, I have plenty of ideas," Max says with a chuckle. He reaches a hand under my skirt, skimming the bottom of my ass cheeks. "A little bit of this..." His other hand glides down my neck and along the side of my corset, grazing the side of my tits. "A little bit of this..." The first hand slowly makes its way around my ass to the front of my skirt, brushing against the front of my thong. I gasp at his touch. The thong is so soaked that just from touching the fabric, his finger is wet when it emerges. "And a lot of this."
I can't stop myself any longer. "Bathroom. Now."
He grabs my hand and we weave through the crowd until we reach the back wall of the club, leading us into a more brightly-lit corridor where the music doesn't reach with quite so much strength. There are two bathrooms in front of us: the men's and the women's. No single-seaters. Glancing from Max to the bathroom signs, I tug him toward the men's room.
Maybe it's the arousal talking, not me, but why not put on a show?
Max hurries after me. "I can't wait to get that corset off of you."
I've never heard anything hotter.
We burst into the bathroom, and by some miracle, there's no one here. I tug him into a stall and lock the door. "Just in case."
In response, he just grunts, then yanks me to him again and starts kissing me furiously. His hands are everywhere. And then so are his lips — making a line down my neck, sucking at my skin, his tongue tracing spirals on my exposed chest. He tugs down the top of the corset, my tits springing out, and he leans down to take one of my nipples in his mouth. He sucks on it until I moan. His hand is on my other breast, his fingers rolling the exposed nipple. I can feel my pussy throbbing in a way it's never throbbed before, with this beautiful man attending to me. I push his head closer toward my chest so that he takes me deeper in his mouth and he bites my nipple.
"Hey!" I yelp.
He looks up at me, still sucking, a grin forming around my nipple.
It's so fucking sexy I can barely blame him.
I pull his head back up and kiss him again, tearing open his jacket. My fully-exposed tits press against the warm skin of his chest. I can feel his heart beating just as fast as mine.
He grabs my thighs and hoists me so that I'm balanced on his pelvis, my legs wrapped around him, his lips never leaving mine. My head bobs higher in the stall. If I opened my eyes, I'm sure I'd have a view of anyone at the urinals. Thank goodness the bathroom is empty.
And then it isn't. The door screams with the sound of un-oiled hinges and dance music pours into the bathroom. My eyes shoot open. Instinctively, I duck and pull my lips away from Max's. "What do we do?" I whisper.
His eyes are open now too. He gives one of my thighs a squeeze inside his hand. "I'm sure he won't mind any... sounds."
"What do you—"
Max swoops forward and sucks my nipple again with even more fervor than last time. My lungs gasp without asking my permission. And then the door shuts, sealing someone inside with us.
I push Max away from my chest and jab my head in the direction of the door. Max removes one of his hands to brush the side of my jaw, the gentleness of his gesture in distinct contrast with what his hands were doing a moment ago. "I'm sorry, Lily. Did I go too far?"
He did. Obviously.
But the sensations in my stomach and in my pussy have never felt this heightened. I can feel every individual pore of skin on my body, begging Max to touch me, begging this stranger to listen.
I lean in closer to him, burying my lips next to his ear. "I liked it."
And that must be all he needs. He sets me down on the tile floor, then traces his hands down my body until he reaches my skirt, which he pushes up until its hem is sitting at my hips. The stranger takes a few steps into the bathroom, then stops. Just as Max lowers himself onto his knees.
I can see the stranger's feet right outside the door, the tips of two shiny black shoes visible. But I can barely think about him as Max hooks a finger onto the waistband of my thong and pulls it down to the tops of my tall boots, his face now staring directly into my pussy.
He looks up at me. I can feel his breath hovering on my pussy lips, aching to be caressed by his tongue. "Wow, Lily," he says quietly, looking into my eyes. "From down here, you're even more astonishing."
"So are you," I breathe. His eyes glint in the fluorescent bathroom light. It shouldn't feel so romantic, this man on his knees next to a toilet, my skirt hiked up, everything raw and exposed — but he has a face that makes this moment feel like a candle-lit dinner.
But so, so much hotter.
There's a creak from the wall across from the bathroom door. My heart leaps. The stranger must be leaning against it, perfectly aware of what's going on inside the stall. Just then, Max's tongue darts out of his mouth and parts my lips.
I didn't know how close to coming I already was before I felt the light pressure of his tongue on my clit. A moan comes crashing out of my chest from somewhere deep inside my throat. He licks me again, harder, and I feel my legs already starting to shake. The moans come out stronger. I wonder what the stranger is thinking, if he can picture me, my head thrown back, my eyes closed. I wonder if he admires how Max is willing to kneel on the floor of a club bathroom to devote himself completely to the girl he's pleasuring. My hand wanders to the back of Max's neck, clutching his head as close to me as I can, my pussy jumping and shaking as his tongue darts in and out of me.
"Having fun?" He whispers into me.
"Baby," I gasp in rhythm with his licks. "You're... so good... at this."
"Come for me," he says. "I want to taste you even more."
I'm lost in riding his face. "Keep licking me then."
He complies silently, his tongue stroking up and down on my clit in a rhythm that makes my muscles tense hard and my stomach soar. And then the buildup is too much and my muscles release, the inside of my tunnel pulsating as my arousal pours into his mouth. He laps me up as I cry out. "Fuck! Baby! I'm coming!"
He stays there, his lips suctioned to my pussy, until the bliss subsides. My legs are so weak that his hands are holding up my hips. His tongue blasted all other thoughts out of my mind, and it's only now that I realize that my panting isn't the only sound in the bathroom. Coming from outside the stall, I hear the friction of skin on skin. But the stranger is alone out there — I'm sure of it.
I can feel my eyebrows raise. "Max," I mouth. "Do you think he's jerking off?"
Max nods, grinning. "I would be too."
I trace my eyes down Max's sculpted chest until my gaze settles on the bulge in his pants. I can take the hint. "Let's give our friend something new to listen to."
I extend a hand to Max and pull him up, giving him a quick but strong kiss. I can taste myself in his mouth. But I'm barely paying attention to that as I unzip Max's tight leather pants. Maybe it's just me, but I think the stranger's hand is speeding up at the telltale sound of the zipper.
"Mmm," Max breathes as I slip my hand into the waistband of his boxers. My fingers brush against the tip of his dick. I explore him, his hardness, his warmth. My other hand slips in back of him to squeeze his ass. It's taut and round. All of him — it's delicious.
I lower his pants and his boxers in a single movement. For the first time, I can really see his dick, and it's beautiful. Standing rigid in front of him, emerging long and thick from a tuft of blonde hair, it's all I can do not to gulp it into my mouth right then.
Wait a second. I lean in for another kiss, and when I pull away, I whisper, "Blonde?"
He runs a hand through the shaggy black hair on his head. "I dye it on top. Don't reveal my secret."
I wrap both of my hands around that glorious dick and give it a few pumps, deliberately in the same rhythm as the stranger outside. "I won't tell."
Max leans closer to me and takes a deep inhale. "I want to fuck you. I want to fuck you so badly."
My heart slams and my pussy tenses expectantly. "Then fuck me."
Max reaches into the pocket of his still-open jacket and takes out a condom, winking at me as he tears open the packet and throws it over the stall door in the direction of the stranger. "A souvenir."
I grab the condom from him and start to roll it over his dick, his boner straining against the clear plastic. As I roll, I bend down and circle his tip with my tongue. My bare ass brushes against the cold metal of the bathroom door. Once the condom is at his base, I slip his dick into my mouth, inch by inch, until it hits the back of my throat and I gag.
Outside the stall door, the rubbing gets even more feverish.
I choke on his dick a moment longer, sucking until the plastic is wet enough that he'll be able to slide into me with no friction at all, although with how wet I am, that shouldn't be an issue anyway.
"Shit, Lily. Put me inside you," Max gasps.
He drags me upward and lifts me onto his hips again, but this time, his dick slips inside me. I gasp as he enters me, filling me up, my sensitive post-orgasm pussy rejecting and devoting itself to him all at once. He bounces me lightly. "I want you to fuck me as hard as you can," I say.
At this point I don't care whether the stranger hears me. No — I want him to hear all of it. I want it to fuel his jerk-off fantasies for months to come; I want him to envy what we have inside this stall, and to wish he were here with us.
Max turns me against the door, all of the metal now pressing against my skin, and does exactly what I ask. He slams into me over and over again, kissing my neck, pulling my breasts. I wrap my arms around the back of his neck and grind my pussy against him. The stranger outside is breathing heavily now, and so I am. I can feel a second orgasm mounting. To help it along, I reach one hand down and begin to play with my clit as Max fucks me. Max's lips draw in close to my neck again and stay there, sucking, and one more slam and my muscles pour come all over his dick. But he doesn't stop. As I come, he fucks me harder and harder, the orgasm growing even more, until it's almost painful, but the sweetest pain I've ever experienced.
And even when my organism finally subsides, Max doesn't stop. I'm limp on him, each thrust adding another wave of pain and pleasure, but he hasn't had his orgasm yet and I want him to take it from me. And by the fierceness in his eyes and the grunts escaping his lips, taking it from me is exactly what he has in mind.
Abruptly, I stop hearing the rubbing from outside the stall. But then I hear the stranger's low scream of orgasm. "Aargh!"
That must be what pushes Max over the edge, because he shoves himself as deep inside me as he can and holds me there, his head tilted back, sweat trickling down from his temples. I can feel his warm dick pulsating inside my pussy as it spews rope after rope of come. My head is vibrating from the intensity of my own orgasms. Max's eyes are cloudy and a peaceful smile spreads over his lips. He starts to lower me off of him, sliding my back down against the door and peeling off the condom.
One of us must brush the lock as he lowers me, though, because to my horror, the door swings open.
My bare ass is to the stranger. He can't see my face. But now that he's not separated by the stall door, those four feet feel a lot closer.
My instinct is to yank my skirt down and my corset back up. As my hands start to flail, though, Max grabs onto my wrists. "You're welcome for the show," he says loudly.
"Oh, I quite enjoyed it," says a familiar voice.
With that, I can't help myself. I spin around. And that smug blond man in the navy suit is standing there, casually holding his dick in one uncalloused hand.
"You!" I spit. "Did you get what you wanted?"
He laughs. "It looks like you did."
Max puts an arm around me. His fingertips brush my exposed nipples, and even after all of this, I can't help but shudder. "You've had your fun, man. Now give us a few minutes alone."
"A pleasure meeting you both," the blond man says, tucking his softening dick back inside his pants. He gives his hands a rinse and leaves the bathroom.
Max spins me back around and kisses me, long and deep, without bothering to lock the stall door again. I don't even mind. After everything — the light thrill of someone else entering is barely enough to register.
"So is this a one-time thing?" I ask when our lips separate.
"Lily... I don't want it to be." Max looks at the tile floor. "But it's not ethical for me to be with someone in the class I teach."
He's right. But I wish he weren't. I tug down my skirt and start to relace my corset. "I understand. To be completely honest, I'm not really like this. It wasn't me tonight."
"Oh?" Max cocks an eyebrow. "Then who was it?"
I laugh. "Some exhibitionist dominatrix. Call her, I don't know, Lilvana."
"In that case..." Max wipes off the come from his dick. "If this wasn't you, I'm not fucking my student Lily. So it's completely fine for me to, um, schedule an appointment with this — this Lilvana — next Saturday."
My heart leaps. Okay, fine, my pussy leaps. "Same place, same time?"
Max leans in for another gentle kiss. "I like it. I like all of it: the plan, the ritual, the costume. But I'm warning you that this is just a this-semester thing."
So he sees me as disposable. Figures. After I did this to myself, I can see why, but for the first time tonight, the costume feels less like a shield and more like a barrier. "Finite. Like all hookups."
"No, actually, that's not what I meant." He pauses, and I feel my heart start to soar again. "What I meant is that when I'm not your TA anymore, I'll want to stop scheduling appointments with Lilvana, because I'm going to take out Lily instead."