Chapter Five -- Exposing the Wife
The note to Jack read:Be in the dunes behind our house on Saturday afternoon. Watch for my wave from the door. I will try to get her outside on the deck. Make sure you do not give her identity away; she is not ready to show her face yet. I will be looking for a note under the bench, after you post the pictures on-line.
Jack was pleased that he would get more pictures of this beauty, but was disappointed with the request to shield her face. Any pictures would be better than none, so he cleared his calendar, and prepared to be in the dunes Saturday afternoon.
***** ***** ***** *****
Dan could feel his heart beating hard as his excitement grew. The couple had just enjoyed an early lunch with a bottle of wine, making sure most of the wine went to Dee. She was getting giddy and very flirtatious; he knew this was a good sign. Dan had suggested an outfit for her to wear; she gave him a very naughty grin, kissed him and made her way to the bedroom.
While Dee was away changing, Dan got up walked to the glass wall, and opened the door. Staring out over the dunes he could not see anything or anyone, but waved as he said he would in his note. He left the door open and returned to his glass of wine just as his wife stepped out dressed as he requested.
Dee walked into the hallway and presented herself for his inspection. "Do you like what you see?"
Dan smiled and did enjoy the view. His eyes started from the floor and slowly moved up her body. First he took in the four-inch wooden high heels (his favorite); her long legs were each covered with a sheer black thigh-high stocking. She wore a very small matching black lace g-string, that barely covered her pussy and covered none of her ass. Then there was skin, lots of tan skin that raced up to the thin, lace sheer bra that covered her "C" cups. She had combed her long hair out letting it fly around her shoulders as she flicked her head from side to side. Finally the red lipstick, pearl necklace, and matching earrings finished his masterpiece.
He stood up and grabbed his camera. She knew what he wanted next.
"Where do you want me to pose?"
"Out on the deck." He commanded.
"Are you sure you want me out there where everyone can see me?" She teased him knowing quite well that is exactly what she was hoping would happen.
"Yes. Just step outside the door and let me take a few pictures of your ass."
"Dee smiled, looked over to the open door and started to move. She reached out and grabbed hold of the doorframe just before taking one step through the opening and stopping. She pushed her ass in his direction, turned her head and looked directly into his eyes. "Do you want me to pose like this?" She giggled.
"Yes, exactly like that." He raised the camera and took one shot before she stepped out onto the deck.
She strolled towards the railing and raised both hands to unclasp the hook to her bra. Still walking away from him she pulled the bra free from her breast and threw it to the side, just before she made it to the railing on the deck. She turned, leaned back, and presented herself topless to his camera.
Dan had fired off six shots before she turned sideways from his camera. Not wasting any time, he quickly clicked off more shots of her exposed breasts.
Dee enjoyed the power her body was having on him. The tent from his shorts told her everything she wanted to know. Her cameraman stepped out with her on the deck and made his way off to her right. The camera was glued to his eye. She posed, wiggled, and imagined herself to be a high fashion model. After thrusting her breasts in his direction again for a series of pictures, she turned towards the dunes and reached down to remove the next item of clothing that was hiding the last of her charms. She looked over her shoulder at him, smiled and slowly lowered the g-string down over her hips. She moved the threads over her thigh, released the material and let it flow freely down to her feet.
Dan watched this through the camera, making sure enough pictures were being taken to record her every move. The g-string floated slowly down, coming to rest at her ankles. She turn her body slightly, just enough to move one breast into view, showing one very erect nipple. She locked her eyes on his camera, smiled, while she raised one leg up, freeing her foot from the g-string. Dee spread her legs, threw her head back and arched her back. The rays of the sun shot between her legs and clearly outlined the folds of her pussy for his camera. He took as many pictures as he could while she remained in this pose. Dee lowered her hand between her legs and let her fingers find its mark. She was excited posing, but now she desired something more.
Looking to her left she found the chaise lounge, walked over to it and dragged it to the center of the deck. She sat down in the chair, laid back pushing her breasts up towards the clouds and spread her legs. She closed her eyes and moved both hands down between her legs. She was moving into one of her fantasies and wanted to enjoy her own body. Her husband continued to take pictures.
Every so often her body would twitch with excitement as her fingers worked her clit and her mind wandered through her developing fantasy. She imagined herself transported to the water's edge, naked, as a crowd of men circled her and watched her masturbate. The warmth of the sun and the sound of the waves hitting the beach only helped this scene play out in her mind. The orgasm she now desired was fast approaching and she did not care who was watching. She blinked her eyes open, making sure her husband was still taking pictures. She visualized that there were half a dozen camera phones taking pictures of her naked body to be shared with their friends, as she came.
Dan watched his wife's body curl up in a ball as her orgasm rippled across her tummy and she raised her legs to her breasts. For what he could see, this was one of her better orgasms and that pleased him to watch, knowing this modeling session helped make her reach such pleasure.
Dee lay on her side, curled up, breathing hard as she enjoyed the feeling that was still in control of her body. She lay there for almost a minute before she opened her eyes to find her husband standing over her, taking pictures. The front of his shorts still sported the tent she had seen earlier. She knew what she wanted to do next.
Throwing her legs off the chair, she sat up. She grabbed the front of his shorts, pulled him over, and went directly for his zipper. She jerked his pants down to his knees and placed both hands on his throbbing, exposed cock. With one hand she pulled his penis to her lips; with the other she grabbed the back of his ass and pulled him closer. Dan did not resist, he needed her now, and had always enjoyed her sucking on his cock. She closed her eyes and went to work moving her head, running her tongue under his shaft, wrapping her lips about his cock having replaced her pussy with her mouth. He moaned, not trying to pull away.
Dan turned his head to look out into the dunes where he found his voyeur, now standing with a high-powered lens, shooting pictures. This is what he hoped would happen, and now it was happening with him in the scene. He made sure she could not see their voyeur; while he concentrated on the pleasure she was bestowing upon his cock. Dan enjoyed the fact that the two of them were outside, naked, being photographed. He found this thought to be very exciting as he looked out towards their photographer taking pictures of them making love. He felt his excitement rise and was able to pull out of her mouth moments before the spurts of white fluid shot from the tip of his penis. She held on to his member tightly, squeezing his cock as he continued to come, now fully engrossed in his own orgasm.
***** ***** ***** *****
From Jack's angle he almost could not believe his eyes. There she was again, tall, thin, glistening in the sun as she stepped out onto the deck. Almost immediately she had discarded her bra and was strolling across the deck as if she owned it. He knew the pictures would be great and he shot as many as he could, still mindful that he needed to remain hidden. Her strip was fantastic and he could feel his own excitement grow as she removed each item of clothing. When Dan stepped out with his camera and became part of the scene this only added to Jack's excitement, knowing that he was capturing the private moments of these two lovers outside. This was an athletic couple that would please both his male and his female viewers. He knew he soon would be able to post new pictures on his WEB site that would be well received.
When she laid down on the lounge, he had a full side view of her naked body. He let the camera take as many pictures as it could, right up to her orgasm. Dan's wife had put on a great show and he was very satisfied with the pictures that he had gotten. But then it got even better. She sat up, took Dan's cock out of his pants and slipped it into her mouth. Jack could not believe his good luck. He rose up from his position, more interested in getting the shots than being discovered. He continued to take pictures as she brought her husband to orgasm. Jack realized that she was too focused on giving her husband a blowjob outside than what might be happening in the dunes. He did catch the fact that Dan had seen him stand up and did nothing to hide what his wife was doing to him in public. These would be great shots.
***** ***** ***** *****
Dan slipped out of his shorts, reached down and picked his naked wife up into his arms. She remained cuddled in his arms as he stepped through the door into the house. He carried her into the bedroom, laid her down gently on the bed. He lay down next to her. Pulling her into his arms he kissed her lips and held her tight, letting his racing heart wind down. They held each other, letting their sexual glow simmer as they started to slip towards sleep.
One question did linger in his mind: Was their voyeur still outside and what was he doing? There would be time later to figure that out.
***** ***** ***** *****
Jack watched Dan carry her into the house. He reached down and picked up the few items that were resting in the sand. He knew the show was over for today.
Back at his house the pictures loaded quickly to his laptop. The amount of pictures he took was well over three-hundred shots! He only need about twenty for his WEB site. Which shots to exclude would be a good problem. He knew he had shot enough good material. This was the job he enjoyed most: he would study each picture, at a much slower pace, and relive the session. It would be a labor of love.
Jack studied each picture with the eye of a professional, yet his exhilaration of what he just watched still lingered in his mind. He remembered how exciting it was for him to observe the two of them at play. As he studied each new shot he could not resist pulling his own penis out and stroking it a few times. A few of the pictures of her on the lounge were very inviting. Her legs were spread wide, forcing her pussy lips open. In the sunlight, a sparkle of light between her legs hinted that she must have been very wet. Looking at her, so inviting, only made Jack stroke that much harder. In the final shots, when she was giving him the blowjob, Jack transported himself into the scene and imagined that she was sucking on his cock. This was too much excitement for him and he could not hold back; his own semen shot across the room. If these pictures had this affect on him, what would they do for his readership?
Jack finally settled on fifty shots and knew he still needed to get the total count down, that was until he decided that he would post all fifty pictures over two days. This would allow him to extend the story over days and let the comments pour in.
There was one shot where she was facing him, completely naked with her head titled slightly back. Her hands were behind her head, letting her hair flow out in the wind, while her nipples told the viewer just how excited she was to be naked outside. Off the right stood her husband, hidden behind his camera, sporting a very large "woodie" under his shorts. It was a very erotic shot of the two of them, and was guaranteed to bring out the best comments from his readers. He would produce a large copy of this picture for his own enjoyment, but he would alter the picture slightly before posting it on the site to protect their identities. He would place this shot on his homepage. It was assured to bring in a number of new readers.