I hadn't been in my new job for long when I was introduced to the voyeurs club. Perhaps someone had noticed the web sites I was browsing in unguarded moments, perhaps they'd seen I had a taste for the eye candy that strolled around our open office plan area, or perhaps they just realised I was a regular guy with a taste for porn.
The club was a bunch of guys who met at lunchtimes in one of the anonymous windowless meeting rooms down an isolated wing of our building. We would share porn web sites we'd found, magazines, and everyone brought some pictures, either web or magazine pictures, or best of all our own amateur pictures, of wives, girl friends and especially daughters (nothing under eighteen of course). Often if guys brought pictures of their own women they would bring their woman's underwear too. The guy who brought the hottest pictures got free beers the next Friday.
A different member kept the club's memory stick each week. One day when I had the memory stick and one of my wife's sexiest white satin thongs which I'd brought to the club in a cardboard folder I went straight from the club to a work meeting. It was headed by my manager Sonia in her office. Sonia herself was worth a few pictures. She was in her early thirties, just a bit younger than me, sophisticated and wore glasses that gave her an irresistible innocent but so sexy look. She had neat blonde hair not quite down to her shoulders and a good figure well presented that day in a cream blouse and a dark blue pin strip business skirt tight over her bottom, with her shapely legs in black nylons. With the club fresh in my mind I spent most of my time studying Sonia's blouse and thinking of what I'd like to do in bed with her.
But with my thoughts miles away in bed with Sonia, it wasn't till I got back to my own desk after the meeting that I realised I'd absentmindedly left the precious folder with the memory stick and thong in Sonia's office. I broke into a cold sweat! A few minutes later what I'd dreaded happened: a message from Sonia flashed on my screen summoning me to her office. I walked through the open plan area and along the corridor to her office feeling like a guy on his walk to the gallows.
"Sit down," she said, pointing to a chair on the opposite side of the desk from her swivel executive chair.
It was every bit as bad as I'd expected. She closed her door behind me and pressed the do not disturb switch. There in the middle of her desk was my folder with my wife's thong on it, with the memory stick on its crotch.
"You left these in my office." Her voice was cold steel. I swallowed, and wondered if I'd be able to get another job when she fired me. "What's the meaning of these knickers and all these filthy pictures of women? Even some of the girls in this office! And even some of me!"
One of the guys had managed to catch one of the sexiest of the eye candy from behind on his phone camera displaying miles of bare leg and white cotton panties taut over her bottom under her denim micro skirt as he'd followed her up the stairs. But if that wasn't incriminating enough he'd even caught one of Sonia herself taken from behind bent over a desk, with her skirt pulled up high enough to show a generous amount of tan nylon clad thigh and the outline of her panties visible through her skirt where it was tight over her bottom.
"Do you think the women in this office like men peering up their skirts and ogling their knickers?"
I was sitting very humbly and remaining silent. Then suddenly, abruptly, her face changed. She gave me a mischievous grin.
"Well here's a woman who does!"
She pushed her chair back and swung her legs wide, pulling her skirt high up her thighs. It was only then I realised she'd taken her tights off and her legs were bare, and that she'd just been making sure I took more care of our memory stick in future! Between her spread legs I could see the front of black panties with a pattern of little red petals. I also noticed a blouse button was open and I could see a matching bra. I sat there speechless.
"Do you like seeing my knickers? Here's some more."
Sonia hooked her thumb over the top hem of her panties and pulled the front down to show her cunt, with her slit surrounded by brown cunt hair and pulled open by her spread legs so her inner labia were peeping out. She grinned at me.
"Would you like to see some of my pictures?"
Without waiting for my answer Sonia took a memory stick from her hand bag, inserted it into her computer and switched the display to the big monitor on the wall. She clicked the mouse a couple of times, then my eyes nearly popped out of my head! The screen showed what looked like a hotel room, and as I stared at the screen Sonia scrolled through pictures of her slowly undressing from a blouse and skirt just like she was wearing now, with a white see through lace bra and panty set underneath, and tan stockings. After some lingerie poses she stripped and posed nude on the bed and on the room's big black leather armchair, all in penis-straining shots with her legs wide and her big round breasts thrust out, with close ups of her big round breasts, her bottom and of course the light brown fur lined slit between her spread legs.
Other pictures included a naked man! Some showed Sonia sitting in the armchair with him standing in front of her between her spread legs holding his cock as if he was masturbating and fondling her breasts with his other hand, others showed him sitting and Sonia kneeling between his legs, licking his penis head and with it in her mouth. The pictures showed him just from his chest down but I could guess who he was. She'd recently been on a business trip to the United States with her own boss. I guess they'd either set the camera on automatic or had a hotel room orgy!
"Do you like my pictures?" she asked, but again without waiting for my answer she continued. "I love it when men see me nude and doing filthy things!"
There was excitement in her voice and my bulging trousers were showing there was excitement on my side of the desk too! Sonia left her chair, came round to me, reached down and ran her fingertip slowly along the bulging ridge of my erection.
"Do you like masturbating over filthy pictures? Do you want ...?"
She didn't finish her question but held her hand up with her thumb and forefinger in a ring and bobbed it smoothly up and down the exact length of a man's erect penis. I wanted! I stood, dropped my trousers and briefs round my ankles and spread my legs to show Sonia what I had to offer and what her pictures were doing for me. My stiffie was sticking up at sixty degrees and rock hard. I undid my shirt so it wouldn't get in her way. She ran her light fingertips over my straining cock and balls till my shaft was sticking up at maximum stiffness and sensitivity and I was quivering with arousal.
"Ooooooohhhh! ... So big! So stiff!" she purred, obviously impressed by my sex kit!
The screen showed her kneeling on the black leather armchair, her legs wide with a knee on each arm, back slightly arched to thrust her hips forward and swing her breasts up and out. She was just wearing her high heels, a pearl necklace round her neck and her glasses, and she had a hungry "I want you to fuck me hard!" look in her eyes that would snap a guy's dick even if she was fully clothed.
She lubed her hand with some hand cream from her handbag and snuggled next to me so her breasts under her blouse brushed against my arm and her thighs pressed against mine. She wrapped her thumb and forefinger loosely round my shaft just below my knob, with her other fingers round my shaft, and treated me to a long, smooth, rhythmic, full length hand job. I made sure I put on a good meaty show for her, with my legs spread as I braced myself for the explosion of pleasure, with lots of grunting and shoving my sex kit forward. As she stroked me off I managed to get her blouse undone to fondle her breasts nestling in her bra. I fondled her bottom and explored the outline of her panties through her skirt, then got my hand under her skirt to caress her bare thigh and run my hand over her bottom through her panties before I got my hand down inside her panties to fondle her bottom and pulled them down to run my fingers through her bush of pubic hair.
I guess my grunts and my hand gripping her bum hard to pull her against me made it pretty obvious my cum was rising. She knew how to make a guy wait and she edged me exquisitely to the brink a couple of times till my cock felt like it would snap and I was digging my fingertips into her bare bottom under her skirt. In almost the last moment before my cum spurted she grabbed my wife's thong from the desk behind me and handed it to me.
"Over her knickers," she said.
I guess she didn't want semen splashes on her carpet, but being wanked over my wife's panties by another woman was a pretty raunchy thing to be doing! I held my wife's thong in front of my penis, brushing against my nozzle. Sonia's expert fingers sent my load spurting as I ogled a picture of her on all fours on the bed with the head of the guy's dick in her mouth and her cheeks drawn in as if she was sucking on the back stroke. I could all but feel her lips squeezed round my own shaft.
I splashed my sex cream onto my wife's thong, and as I stood there afterwards leaning back against her desk Sonia used my wife's thong to wipe my semen off my flaccid penis and off my thigh where it had trickled down, before I put my cock away. Masturbating over hot porn pictures of attractive naked women is always a pleasure, but nothing equals being wanked over porn pictures by the subject of those pictures with my spare hand playing with her body.
Sonia wanted to know all about the voyeurs club. It became obvious she was turned on by exhibitionism and I learned her husband was turned on by sexy pictures of her in hot nude poses, kinky outfits or unusual places, especially pictures taken by other men! After I'd cooled down I went back to my own desk. After Sonia I couldn't concentrate much on work that afternoon, and by the end of the day there was a fresh semen stain on the wall of a cubicle in the men's restroom and my wife's thong was even wetter.
Sonia and I had arranged to meet again. But a couple of days later, earlier than we'd planned, Sonia came to my desk, and she had different ideas than just showing me porn pictures.
"Come with me," was all she said, and I dutifully followed.
We went down to the storeroom in the basement. She locked the door behind us and left the key in the lock. We wouldn't be disturbed. The place was full of filing racks where we kept all our paper pre-electronic archives.
"I want those men in your club to see me in dirty pictures," she said. "More than just my legs and my panties through my skirt."
She handed me her phone, a top of the range company issue one with a very good camera. I had a sudden vision of her sprawled nude over her desk. That would go down brilliantly with the guys but wouldn't be too good for her career. But she'd thought it through. She lifted her skirt to show she was wearing a tiny light blue lacy thong.
"I've put sexy knickers on for them." She gave me a lewd grin as she spoke.
She squatted down on her high heels in front of one of the racks as if she was looking for a file. Her legs were bare and her knees were together, but the way she squatted pulled her skirt up her bare thigh and gave a titillating little glimpse of light blue thong under her.
"Like this. You were down here helping me. You were on the other side of the rack and you saw up my skirt while I was preoccupied and you had your phone with you."
She grinned at me. It was the perfect story. She turned to a shelf and took a file, with her face looking as if she was preoccupied and unaware of my presence. I took a few snaps of her through the rack showing her thong peeping out. Sonia's legs slowly swung wider and wider as she remained squatting and I snapped away, managing to get the camera down so low it was pointing straight up between her spread legs at her thong.
But it didn't end with just pictures. Still squatting with her legs wide, Sonia put the file down, slid her hand down between her legs and began to massage her mound through the tiny triangle of blue cloth.
"Ooooooohhhh! All those men seeing me pose for them!" Her voice was an excited gasp. "I love it when men watch me doing filthy things!"
Her hand went down inside her thong and through the thin cloth I could see her stroking her pussy. She hooked her thumb over the top hem and pulled the front down far enough to show her pussy in all its glory. She looked up at me, stood, and began to undo the clasp and zip of her skirt.
"Go on! While I strip!" she said excitedly.
Before I'd got round to her side of the filing rack she'd let her skirt fall and kicked it aside and she'd unbuttoned her blouse and tossed it over a shelf. I snapped her as she posed in her blue bra and thong, with close ups of the thin gusset nestling in her bum crack, of the juice wetted patch over her slit, and as she reached behind her back to unclip her bra and let it drop. I took lots of shots of her big breasts, then as she slowly slipped off her thong. She posed with it stretched rakishly down round her slightly spread thighs underlining her pussy for my close ups, before she let her thong drop.
I snapped her as she climbed nude except for her high heels onto a table, then as she perched squatting spread thighed on the table, and it wasn't just the camera that explored her! In between shots I ran my hands over her legs, her boobs and her bum, between her legs, ruffled her bush and teased her labia and fondled everything else she had to offer!
As I photographed and played with her she was getting wilder and wilder, quivering, moaning, crying out and her pussy and bush was getting wetter and wetter.
I was snapping her standing bent over the table with her legs as far apart as she could get them and her big breasts swinging so her nipples brushed the table top, when she reached down to finger herself between her legs, looked at me over her shoulder and I saw that hungry "I want you to fuck me hard!" look was in her eyes again!
"Want you!" she gasped, and she reached down between her legs to finger her pussy.
An instant later she climbed onto the table, sat perched on its edge, leaned back on her hands so her back arched and her breasts swung up and out. She spread her legs and rested her high heeled feet on two chairs. She was quivering with arousal! She fingered her pussy and moaned:
"Want you! Want you!"
It was time to forget mere photography! I stripped naked and stood between her spread legs with her thighs against mine. My erection was bending up with its nozzle pointing straight up and its big round head pressing against her just above the pubic hair at the top of her slit. I had a good long feel of her breasts, brushing my fingers over her aroused peaking nipples the way that drives my wife wild, and the way she squirmed, cried out and kicked her legs showed it was certainly doing the same for Sonia! I like my women hot when I'm shagging them and I decided to treat her.
I caressed the insides of her thighs, getting her hotter and hotter the closer my hand got to her cunt. When my hand reached her pussy I gently stroked her vagina lips, which were sopping with juice. At the same time I bent to kiss her breasts and lick my tongue across her nipples. She leaned back to shove her breasts toward me. As she got more and more excited I turned my attention to circling the little button of her clitoris with my fingertip, pausing to give her vagina lips a stroke before returning to her clit. It didn't take long to bring her to an orgasm. She suddenly stiffened, her head flopped back, her breasts swung up as she involuntarily tried to thrust her hips, with my finger still between her vagina lips circling her clit her legs slowly folded up on either side of me and she juddered with the pulses of her orgasm, giving little gasps. Then she relaxed and it was my turn!
I held her waist and shoved forward between her legs, easing her thighs even wider. I slid my hard hungry muscle up her till my belly was against hers. She rested her hands on my shoulders and wrapped her long legs round my back and I got going. She was tight and well juiced around my rhythmically thrusting shaft, and she was hot! I'd only been shagging her for a few minutes when her hands squeezed my shoulders, her heels beat against my back, her head flopped back and she quivered in my hands as my penis gave her another orgasm.
I kept working away rhythmically with my shaft till exquisite minutes later with my cum rising I pulled her hard against me so her breasts squeezed against my chest, and my last thrust of my hips pushed her back across the table top as my penis jerked its load deep inside her.
This time she used her own thong to wipe my semen off my swinging penis, from where my semen had trickled down her thigh, and from the floor. When she dressed she didn't bother to put her semen soaked thong back on but gave it to me. She told me she always kept a spare pair of panties in her handbag. We made our way back up to our floor, pausing for me to take some panty-less upskirt pictures on the stairs.
I took the upskirt panty peep pictures of Sonia to the next meeting of the voyeurs club. The other pictures, the really hot stuff, was between me, Sonia and her husband!
"I was down in the basement with Sonia," I said. "We spent ages looking for an old case file. I caught her when she wasn't looking. Get an eyeful of this."
I treated the guys to a slide show starting with Sonia's legs with just a little peep of her light blue thong, through shots of her legs swinging wider and wider, to a first class full frontal display of her light blue thong over the bulge of her mound with its thin gusset nestling in her slit. There was even enough zoom in the camera for a close up of her thong bulging over her mound showing the shadow of her bush visible through the lace and the cameltoe line of her vagina slit with a wet patch where her juices were already starting to flow.
"Hey! That was awesome! She's hot!" One of the guys said after the awed silence that followed my show. "Did you manage to fuck her over that table?"
"Yeah!" I said with a grin, "in every position she wanted!"
We all laughed at the preposterous idea of ever getting it off with the sophisticated, so innocent looking happily married Sonia!
I'd certainly earned my free beers that Friday.