After that night at the hotel when aunt Helen and I played with ourselves in front of each other, we took the plane to London, where we spent a week with my parents. Their constant presence during our stay made it certain nothing sexual would happen between us.
Still, what had happened between me and my aunt had sparked a new, more intimate relationship. Sharing our most vulnerable and intimate moments had made us more comfortable around each other, more willing to share... and to expose ourselves. We both trusted that what was going on would forever remain between us.
The second night at my parents, when we were all ready to sleep in our respective bedrooms, my phone buzzed. It was a message from aunt Helen, with a picture attached.
She had taken a picture of herself lying in her bed, holding the phone close to her face to offer me a perspective from her point of view. The lights were off, but the city lights from outside offered a clear enough picture. She was naked, her legs slightly spread, her left hand resting on her thigh, close to her intimacy. The text that came with the picture said :
"not really feeling sleepy... any idea what I could do to relax? ;)"
I immediately felt my arousal grow, but hesitated for a moment before I replied. Since our night at the hotel, we hadn't yet talked about what had happened, and at this point, I wasn't sure if it was going anywhere. But this message made it clear this wasn't a one time "accident." I decided to go all in on the reply :
"Hm... I hear a good orgasm can help :)"
Her next message didn't take long :
"very good idea... I might just do that... good night nathan"
My aunt was in the room right next to mine. Knowing exactly what she was doing right at that moment and trying to picture her made me rock hard. She wasn't the only one that would need some release before going to sleep...
During the rest of our stay in London, unbeknownst to my parents, we continued exchanging some playful, teasing texts, sometimes with intimate pictures, but acted like nothing was going on when we were actually together.
It was finally during the return trip that we talked about our situation and decided to set some clear rules. Aunt Helen had told me :
"I love what we have going on between us, but we have to set some boundaries."
"Of course," I'd said, nodding.
"Watching each other is one thing, but we will never have any sexual contact... That would be going too far."
"I was thinking the same thing."
And I sincerely was. I had never been so aroused as when we showed off in front of each other, but she was still my aunt, and I didn't feel comfortable at all with the idea of actually having sex with her. I was glad we were on the same page.
We continued exchanging very explicit messages in the following days. I wanted to actually see her, but since she was the older one and the one who had initiated the whole thing, I decided to wait for her to make the first move. About a week after our return to the US, she invited me home. It was a saturday morning. We lived pretty close to each other, making it possible for me to go to her place at a moment's notice.
We shared a nice breakfast, after which she went for a quick shower. I sat in the living room and browsed social media on my phone for a couple of minutes, until I realized the noise coming from the shower was pretty loud. I looked upstairs, where the bathroom was, and saw the door wide open...
The invitation was pretty clear. I put the phone in my pocket and eagerly climbed the stairs. Aunt Helen had a large bathroom, and her shower didn't need a curtain. As I stood on the bathroom's threshold, I saw my aunt standing under the stream, the reflections on her dripping body highlighting her delicious feminine curves..
There was a small chair facing the shower. Biting my lower lip as I stared at my aunt's gorgeous body, I walked in and sat on the chair she had placed there just for me. She briefly looked at me, and then proceeded to wash herself. She shampooed her hair and sensually massaged her head, turning around to give me a view of her body from all angles. She was breathtaking.
Once she was done, she began soaping up her body. At a loss for words, I watched her massage herself, spending extra time on her chest. Her nipples grew fully erect as she groped her breasts in front of me. Eventually, she moved down towards her legs. She looked into my eyes as she began delicately washing her intimacy, and even let out a small moan that reverberated in the large bathroom.
After she finished showering, she asked for her towel. It was right next to my chair, I grabbed it and handed it to her. I sat again and proceeded to watch my aunt dry her body and her hair. She hung her towel. Standing naked in front of me, she said with a smile :
"I had never showered in front of an audience." We both chuckled. "I like the way you look at me. It makes me feel sexy... and maybe a little aroused."
I smiled. I knew where this was going.
"I feel like... playing with myself right now," she said, teasingly.
She walked out of the bathroom and into her bedroom. She had also placed a chair there, facing her bed. It looked like she had really thought this through. I followed her and sat. I could barely contain my excitement. All I had been dreaming about these past few days was watching my sexy aunt touch herself again. My erection was pressing hard against my underwear and jeans.
She climbed on her bed and lied down on her back, facing me, then slowly spread her legs, offering me a perfect view of her beautiful sex. I could see she was already wet down there.
"You're a naughty young man... Your aunt tells you she is going to play with herself, and you follow her into her bedroom?"
I chuckled. She asked :
"So... I take it you want to watch me masturbate?"
"Y-yeah..."
With one hand on her breast and the other between her legs, she began groping and caressing herself, not repressing any moans. I watched her draw small circles around her erect clitoris. She then let go of her breast, and proceeded to finger herself while she continued rubbing her vulva.
Her breathing was quickly becoming deeper. I saw her chest moving up and down as she masturbated. The sight was as mesmerizing as ever. After a few minutes, she said :
"Nathan, would you be kind enough to give me my little toy? It's in one of the drawers behind you."
"Which drawer?" I asked. I was curious to find out what kind of toy she had.
She smiled :
"I'm sure you can find it. You don't seem too concerned with my intimacy," she said teasingly as she kept touching herself.
She wanted me to rummage through her drawers... I turned to face her drawers and opened the top one. It was filled with sexy lingerie, mostly red and pink, some blue and some white. I gave her a quick glance. Aunt Helen was smiling, and continued masturbating as she watched me search her intimate items. She was obviously enjoying this, so I indulged, taking the time to check out her lingerie items. But there was no toy in there.
Two more drawers to go. I closed the first one and opened the one under it. There were various personal items, but one in particular caught my attention. A rather large album titled "Shooting sessions". Another quick glance at my aunt confirmed she wanted me to open it. I took it out of the drawer and turned to face her. As she continued playing with herself, I opened the album. It was full of professional quality pictures of my aunt.
In some of them, she was wearing sexy lingerie, but in most of them she was nude. Beyond the sexiness, those picture were beautifully done, with careful use of lighting and artful composition and framing. Page after page, the pictures became more and more explicit, some of them displaying my aunt with her hand between her legs. Some of them offered a very clear view of her spread lips, held apart with her fingers as she laid in various sensual positions. Some pictures had been taken outdoors, in large gardens, fields, or forests. It was obvious she had been doing those shooting sessions on a regular basis, and probably for a while. I had no idea...
"What do you think of them?" she asked, her hands still rubbing and fingering her moist sex.
"Those are all beautiful... You really look amazing, aunt Helen."
"Th-thank you," she said. She had just surprised herself a quick but powerful surge of pleasure.
I closed the album and put it back in the drawer. I finally opened the bottom drawer. Damn! It was full of toys. Large and small vibrators, dildos of various shapes, ben-wa balls... Before I could ask, she said :
"The one with the suction cup, please."
I quickly found the one she wanted. It was a simple but pretty big dildo with a very realistic penis shape, and a suction cup at the base. Leaning over the bed, I extended my arm and gave my aunt her toy. She pulled a chair towards the bed, and placed it right next to it, facing me. Holding the shaft of her rubber penis, she firmly attached the suction cup to the center of the chair. It bobbed left and right when she let go of it. Standing on all four on her bed, she moved towards the edge until her head was right above the toy.
From where I was, I had a beautiful view of my aunt on all four from her left side. Her back was sensually arched, highlighting the delicious curves of her slightly protruding buttocks, while her gorgeous breasts were hanging freely. I could also appreciate her perfectly flat belly.
But before I had the time to take in her perfect beauty, she lowered her face to the base of the dildo. After giving me a quick glance, she extended her tongue and began licking the balls. She sensually flattened her tongue and cupped the large balls with it. As she moved her head around her toy, I could see her breasts sensually jiggle back and forth.
She stiffened her tongue and started repeatedly licking the shaft, from base to tip. Soon, the entire surface of the toy was covered in her saliva. Her breathing was becoming even deeper, and I could hear my aunt's moans as she continued avidly licking her dildo. It tipped to the sides as she applied pressure to it with her tongue.
Eventually, she adjusted her position slightly so that I could see her face better, and placed her head above the toy. She opened her mouth in an "O" shape, and proceeded to slowly engulf the large penis as she looked into my eyes with burning desire. With one hand, she caressed the balls while she moved her head up and down.
For several seconds that felt like and eternity, she maintained eye contact with me as she repeatedly engulfed the erect shaft in her mouth. She took it all in, suppressing her gag reflex as the toy reach her throat. I couldn't believe I was witnessing my aunt giving a passionate deepthroat to a toy, while she looked into my eyes. I was starting to imagine she was doing this to me.
She eventually pulled back. The dildo was glistening with her saliva. She asked :
"Do you have your phone?"
"Uh... yeah."
"You can record me if you want, so you can enjoy this again later."
Her voice was different. I could feel the incredibly powerful lust that had taken over her. My god... She wanted my to film her now... She liked the idea that I would masturbate to her... I quickly pulled my phone out of my pocket and began recording.
Aunt Helen left her bed and sat on the chair, on her knees, her back towards me. Holding the backrest, she lifted her moist crotch, and placed the entrance of her vagina against the tip of the dildo. Her head turned to the side so she could look at me, she carefully lowered her abdomen.
Holding my phone and capturing every detail of this moment, I watched the large rubber penis stretch my aunt's vagina and slowly disappear inside of her. Letting out a long, soft moan, she continued moving down until her buttocks were resting against the toy's large balls.
She bent slightly forward, then as she slowly pulled her crotch up, she arched her back, increasing her sensations while offering me a jaw dropping view of both her anus, and her vagina. I saw her inner lips stretch and glide along the surface of the shaft until only the tip remained inside her. The toy was now covered in her thick juices.
Without realizing it, I lightly bit my thumb.
Moaning all the way, aunt Helen then reversed her movement, going downward while bending forward until the toy once again disappeared completely. She repeated this cycle, very slowly at first, but progressively increasing her speed. Once she got comfortable with the movements, she turned her head to the left, giving me a view of her profile while allowing her to look at me as she repeatedly impaled herself on her toy.
"This... feels so good, Nathan... Are you filming all of this?"
"Y-yes, aunt Helen... You're so beautiful..."
Indeed, I was capturing every second of this divine display. I was hypnotized by the perfect fluidity of her movements, and looked at her holes every time she moved up and arched her back, orienting her crotch towards me.
She had stabilized her speed for a while, but began increasing it again. Firmly holding the backrest of her chair and using both the strength of her thighs and arms, she was now fucking her toy at a brisk pace. I watched her buttocks jiggle up and down. Her moans were becoming deeper and more intense.
"Nathan... I'm getting close... I'm going to come... watch me come..."
She had reached her peak speed, and maintained her frantic rhythm as her pleasure built up inside. I could tell the very moment she reached her climax. Her entire body tensed up, she bent forward while pushing down hard on the dildo and her breathing stopped for a moment as she began a long grunt. I could practically see the waves of pleasure run through her body as she resumed her up and down motion and screamed in release. Her toes curled, and I could see her anus contract as shock after shock of orgasmic rapture spread from her core to her extremities. This was the most intense sexual display I had ever seen. And I was capturing it all on my camera...
"I'm coming, Nathan... This is so good... Oh god..."
She continued riding her toy but progressively slowed down as her orgasm faded. Her screams turned into moans, which turned into long sighs as she began catching her breath and let her upper body rest on the backrest. Relaxing her muscles, she impaled herself one last time. I could still see her holes contract sporadically, sending the last ripples of pleasure throughout her body.
Her sighs finally turned into deep breath as she regained her composure. She extended her legs and pulled her crotch up once her feet reached the floor. Standing up with her legs on both sides of the chair, she turned around to face me and my camera.
What a beautiful sight. He hair was a mess, her face red, her entire body covered in sweat. I could see drops of sweat run down her breasts, circumventing her hard nipples. Her mouth was open as she desperately tried to catch her breath.
Seeing the way I looked at her, and probably further stimulated by the camera pointed at her, she said :
"I'm not done..."
Still standing up, she adjusted herself to position her crotch right above the dildo. Her hands placed on her thighs, she looked at me as she bent her legs, lowering herself towards the dildo.
I watched my aunt slowly impale herself on her toy once again, this time standing up and facing me. It was a surreal sight. My own cock felt like it was just about ready to pierce through my clothes, but I didn't want to take it out. I thoroughly enjoyed the idea of being fully dressed while my aunt was naked and pleasured herself in front of me.
Once she had fully engulfed the toy in her womanhood, she said :
"I'm going to make myself come again... This time looking into your eyes."
Her legs were still trembling from her recent climax, so she helped herself move upwards by pushing on her thighs with her hands. Looking at me, she moved up and down several times, slowly at first.
Soon, her renewed arousal gave her enough strength that she no longer needed her arms to push herself up. She began massaging her breasts with both hands and progressively increased her pace.
I quickly glanced at the camera. I was no Steven Spielberg, but I'd be damned if this wasn't going to be the movie of the decade.
She removed one hand from her breasts and brought it down between her legs, where she began to rub her erect clitoris. As aunt Helen's movements grew faster, her freed breast began jiggling up and down. So did her hair, growing more messy by the minute and partially covering her face and shoulders. Not wanting to hide anything from me and my camera, she quickly twisted her head to one side, throwing her hair back behind her ears in a distinctively feminine fashion, while she continued to masturbate for me.
Despite her best efforts, she eventually broke eye contact as she leaned her head forward and closed her eyes, savoring the intense pleasure her toy was bringing her. As she ostensibly grew closer to her climax, she placed both hands behind her back and began vigorously groping her buttocks. She further increased her pace, and her breasts were now jiggling wildly.
She swiftly pushed her hair behind her ears again, and resumed eye contact with me. I could see fire in her eyes as she let out in a moan :
"I'm going to have a second orgasm..."
Once again, I thought about how surreal this sight was. My beautiful aunt was standing in front of me, naked, moaning loudly and groping her buttocks, while her tits bounced freely as she fucked herself with her dildo.
This time, I was going to see her face as she came. She struggled to maintain eye contact as she reached her second climax. Her teeth clenched, she began grunting. I saw her abdomen contract and her body tense up as her pleasure exploded and rocked her entire being. We looked into each other's eyes as the blissful waves began to run through her limbs.
She had stiffened her body, and continued to move up and down on her dildo, but her movements were now very short. She used the large tip to stimulate her G-spot while she continued vigorously groping her ass. She opened her mouth, her grunt turned into a scream of release.
"I'm coming for you again, Nathan... watch your auntie come... this feels so good..."
The world had disappeared around me. My entire universe was now my divine aunt Helen riding the waves of her orgasm in front of me, offering me her most intimate moment with total abandon.
I took in every detail of her body, from her uncontrollable movements as her muscles had become the slaves of her pleasure, to the passion in her eyes as she looked into mine, from the sweat covering her body as she brought herself to exhaustion, listening only to her lust, to the juices leaking from her sex all over her chair. I had never felt so connected to anyone.
Aunt Helen's climax eventually faded, and she sat on her chair, her dildo proudly tilting left and right, covered in the thick juices of her pleasure. She finally broke eye contact and let her head lean backwards as she closed her eyes.
"That was amazing, Nathan..."
I stopped the recording as I replied :
"It was unbelievable, aunt Helen. Thank you..."
Raising her head, she looked at me and asked, with a playful smile :
"I'm exhausted... Would you be kind enough to wash my toy for me now?"
I was caught off guard.
"S-sure... Of course."
I stood up and approached my aunt. I had to kneel in front of her to detach the suction cup from the chair. I had never seen her from this angle, from so close. As I pulled up the dildo, I couldn't help but take in the close-up view of her womanhood. Her sex was still dripping with her fluids, and still contracting. I could... smell her femininity. My naked aunt was sitting in front of me in all her feminine glory, her chest moving up and down with each deep breath.
As I stood up with her toy in my hand, I thought about the fact that it was covered in her sex juices. Giving my exhausted aunt one last look, I turned around and went to the bathroom.
There, alone, I looked at the toy and brought it closer to my face. I could smell my aunt's juices... I could maybe... taste them. Nobody would know... Bringing the dildo yet closer, overcome with lust, I extended my tongue and began licking it. My aunt's juices immediately filled my taste buds. I played with her thick fluid inside my mouth.
My god, I was tasting my aunt's orgasmic juices... I wanted more. I licked the toy again, and again, with increasing desire. Eventually, I opened my mouth wide and stuck it inside. I slowly pulled it out, scooping her fluids with my lips. Once the toy was almost out, I felt like trying to get even more juices and pushed it back in. With my tongue, I began licking the surface, desperately searching for the taste of my aunt. It was still warm, from being inside aunt Helen's intimacy. Moments earlier, her sex was squeezing it while she was coming over it...
That's when I looked at the mirror and realized I was giving a blowjob to a fake cock. It felt strange, but the desire to further taste my aunt's pleasure was overpowering, and I watched my reflection as I continued sucking on the toy, until all I could taste on it was my own saliva.
I pulled it out and proceeded to wash it, then walked back into the bedroom. Aunt Helen had pushed the chair aside and was once again lying on her bed. She looked at me as I approached my chair, and immediately asked with a smile :
"So... Did you taste my juices?"
Shit... It was obvious she had known I would do that... No point in trying to hide it.
"Y-yeah..." I replied, blushing.
"And how was it?"
"I can't put words on it... it's... magical."
Her smile widened.
"Come sit here," she said, tapping the edge of the bed right next to where she was lying.
I put down the dildo and sat next to her. I watched her part her legs, and bring her hands towards her sex. She closed her eyes and moaned as she inserted two fingers inside herself, while delicately rubbing her clitoris with her left hand. She pushed her two fingers as deep as she could, then pulled them out. Bringing them towards her face, she looked at me and parted them, showing me the thick fluid she had coated them in. Looking into my eyes, she opened her mouth, put her fingers in, wrapped her lips around them, and slowly pulled them out while making a light sucking sound.
She parted her fingers again, showing me there was only saliva on them now, then brought them back between her legs. Slowly looking at me, she slowly brought her coated fingers towards my face. I could smell her sex once again. I muttered :
"B-but, you said..."
"No sexual contact. And we're not touching each other's sexual areas, are we?"
She bit her lower lip as her fingers approached my lips. The was no arguing. Hypnotized by her femininity, I looked into her eyes. She put her fingers inside my mouth, and I sucked and licked her juices off of them. All the while, she continued lightly rubbing her clitoris.
I let out a moan as her taste filled my mouth once again. She brought her hand back between her legs.
For several minutes, we continued sharing her abundant juices while she rubbed her clitoris with growing intensity. With my lips wrapped around her two fingers, she whispered :
"I'm going to come again..."
Our eyes locked into each other's, she gave herself a third orgasm, while I intensely sucked on her fingers. This was a less intense, more diffuse climax. Aunt Helen moaned again and again as I sucked her fingers and she rubbed her clitoris. This one seemed to last almost a minute.
Breaking eye contact, I looked between her legs and saw a thick puddle forming between them. She delicately pulled her fingers from my mouth and brought her hand towards her womanhood, saying :
"I want you to taste my orgasm..."
"Yes..."
This time, she cupped the surface of her vulva with her joined fingers, and scooped up a large amount of her juices before bringing her hand to my lips.
I extended my tongue and began slurping them from her hand. I closed my eyes in ecstasy. She had definitely found an interesting... loophole in our established rules.
She looked at the bulge in my pants and smiled :
"I'm sure this must hurt..."
"Y-yeah, if I'm being honest..."
"But I've just been naked before you for an hour while you were fully dressed... you're making me feel very vulnerable... wouldn't it be fair if inverted the roles next?"
I hadn't thought about it, but the idea instantly turned me on. Not that I wasn't already completely aroused... It just turned out I still had a little margin. Being naked in front of my fully dressed aunt sounded just as exciting as having it the other way.
"I think I agree..."
"Give me a few minutes, I must catch my breath, and I think I need another quick shower. In the meantime, you're welcome to wait for me in the living room... No clothing necessary," she concluded with a wink.
I nodded and left her room. I went downstairs and removed my clothes, finally letting my raging erection free. It was pulsing with anticipation. I don't think I had ever been this aroused, for so long, without doing something about it... Aunt Helen was testing my limits. And, as I would soon find out, that was exactly the idea.
A few minutes later, she walked down the stairs in a beautiful white dress. She looked like an angel. She smiled at the sight of my naked body and lingered on my erection. As she arrived in the living room, she stood in front of me, and asked :
"Would you be against the idea of me... tasting your orgasm?"
I gulped. Indeed, she wanted to make full use of that loophole. But I can't say I wasn't pleased by the idea.
"That'd be... nice," I replied, nodding slowly.
As she walked closer to me, I began to feel more vulnerable, she was now fully dressed, composed and gracious, while I was standing in front of her naked, my pulsing erection betraying my primal urges. A drop of precum had already formed at the tip of my penis.
Standing inches from me, she said :
"But I want you to give me enough to quench my thirst... I have an idea of how we can do that... Have you ever edged yourself?"
"What do you mean?"
"Masturbate until you're about to come, and then stop before you reach orgasm. Repeatedly."
"I've... never done that."
"When you're aroused, and even more when you physically stimulate yourself, your body accelerates the production of semen. So the longer you edge, the more semen you can offer me."
I didn't realize I had let my jaw hang loose as I listened to my aunt's explanation. A couple of weeks ago, I'd never have imagined hearing such words from her.
"So... are you willing to edge for me?"
"Yeah..."
"It's going to be difficult, but you can do it. I'll help you." She smiled, then looked at my erection. "You must be dying to touch it by now."
"Y-yeah..."
"Are you ready to do exactly what I say?"
I didn't pay attention to it at the time, but at this precise moment, her question awakened something inside of me.
"I... I am."
"Perfect. Grab your cock and stroke it quickly."
Standing inches from my aunt, looking into her eyes, I wrapped my fingers around my shaft and began pumping it.
"Faster," she said. "Faster."
I obeyed, and within seconds I felt I was close to orgasm.
"Stop whenever you feel you're about to reach the edge, and put your hands behind your back."
I quickly removed my hands and joined them behind my back, letting out a short sigh. I had never stopped so close. We both looked at my penis. It was hard and pulsing, oozing precum.
"Take a few deep breaths. When you feel ready, do it again."
We repeated this process three times. I was already so aroused and desperate to come that I couldn't last more than a few seconds, and each time was shorter than the previous.
"Now, you can sit down. Calm yourself a little, don't touch your penis. Would you like some coffee?"
"S-sure." Anything to keep my hands occupied.
She brought me coffee. My erection was still raging as we began to drink. Aunt Helen said :
"Let's talk about sex a little, to make sure you remain hard while you're not masturbating."
I nodded, intrigued as to what she was going to say next.
"I want to know more about your masturbation habits. How often do you do it?"
"Um... every day I guess. Sometimes I don't do it, sometimes I do it several times."
"And how long do you usually last?"
"Usually a few minutes. Sometimes it can be seconds if I'm really aroused and go very fast."
We continued drinking our coffees as she questioned me :
"What kind of porn do you prefer watching?"
"Uh..." I didn't expect this one. "Well, I often watch lesbian stuff... Also amateur couples..."
She smiled :
"Okay, but I'm sure you watch more.. kinky stuff. Go on, if there's anyone you can tell, it's me."
"I kinda like watching CFNM stuff..."
"Oh, thats "clothed female naked male", right? Kind of what we're doing right now, isn't it?"
"Y-yeah, actually..."
I had finished my coffee. Those intimate confessions had kept me hard. Aunt Helen said :
"You can resume masturbating now. Go very slowly, very casually, while we continue talking."
I nodded and grabbed my erection. Comfortably seated and looking at my aunt, I began stroking it, slowly and lightly.
"Yes, just like that. The point is to stimulate yourself for a while without stopping." As she watched me masturbate, she proceeded with her questions :
"So, what do people do in those CFNM videos?"
"A-actually, usually a guy masturbates in front of one or several women. Sometimes the women do it to them. Sometimes it involves humiliation, but I'm not really into that."
"And when you're not watching porn, who do you think about when you masturbate?"
"Well... Usually I think about Emma... It's a girl from my university. We're sorta friends, but I don't think she's into me. She's so hot, though."
"Yeah? Describe her for me."
"She's... blonde, 5 feet 3, thin, with... perky breasts. She's beautiful, she doesn't wear a lot of makeup and looks very natural."
It felt utterly strange to be casually pumping my erection while describing my crush to my aunt... But somehow, I didn't feel embarrassed like the first time I had touched myself in front of her. Still looking at my hand sliding up and down my shaft, aunt Helen asked :
"And what do you imagine you do with her?"
"I, um... You're gonna laugh at me."
"I promise I'm not," she replied with a benevolent smile.
"Okay, I... imagine we're sitting in the university's auditorium, and she's riding me while all the other students watch us. We're both naked, and I see her breasts bouncing up and down in front of my face while I grab her ass and help her move her up and down my cock."
"That's good... You really do have an exhibitionist fantasy. Okay, I want you to close your eyes and imagine this fantasy right now. Keep a slow pace. Tell me what you see."
I closed my eyes and began describing :
"All the hottest girls from the class are sitting around us, looking at us. Emma's nipples are so close to my face I could suck on them. I look down and watch my cock disappear inside her. She says she's gonna come... I can feel her pussy squeezing my cock. Her juices are pouring all over the bench."
Without realizing it, I was actually squeezing my penis to simulate her contractions, and moving my left hand up and down with the palmed facing upwards as though I was grabbing Emma's buttock. I had also started to increase my pace.
"I... I tell her I'm gonna come inside her. I start shooting my cum inside her, filling her up. All the girls around us watch as my cum starts to drip from her pussy."
"Very good, Nathan. Okay, open your eyes, slow down..."
That's when I realized I was enacting my fantasy on my aunt's sofa. I blushed. My hand was covered in precum. Aunt Helen said :
"I want you to delicately cup your balls with your left hand. Yes, just like that. Slowly massage them.
I obeyed. Looking at my aunt, I began playing with my balls. They were already so full of cum...
"Think about all the sperm they're producing for me right now..."
I did. I was making them work hard to satisfy my aunt. As I softly squeezed them, I thought about all the semen I was going to offer to aunt Helen... All that cum I was producing... she was going to eat it... She noticed I was biting my lower lip :
"You like the idea of making all that semen for me, I see... You really want me to taste your pleasure."
"Y-yes, aunt Helen..."
"It's your turn, you can ask me a question if you like. Anything."
"Um... What's your... favourite position?"
She smiled.
"Difficult question, I like many... Hm...I think I like being taken from behind the most. Feeling the man's pelvis hit my buttocks at every thrust, having his hands grope my breasts from behind as he takes me like an animal..." She smiled at me. "It's okay, you can imagine you're doing that to me if you like."
I opened my mouth in surprise.
She moved closer to me on the sofa, brought her mouth to my ear, and whispered :
"Close your eyes. Imagine it's my pussy squeezing your cock right now. Imagine my ass pressing against you at every thrust. You're holding my hips, I'm yours, all I can do is take your cock, you can go as deep as you want inside me..."
I could feel her hot breath caressing my ear as she spoke.
"But you can tell I'm loving it, because your cock is covered in my juices... You feel them run down your thighs. As you push deeper into me, suddenly you hear me moan : "I'm coming..." Immediately, you feel my pussy squeezing your cock. You can see my anus contracting repeatedly as I come all over your hard cock. You push yet deeper, ready to fill your aunt with your manly juice. You want to empty your balls deep inside you aunt."
I couldn't believe my ears... She was about to make me come with her words. I had closed my eyes and begun moaning loudly as I imagined everything she said. Suddenly she interrupted this fantasy :
"But, you can't..." She pulled back and resumed speaking in a normal voice. "This is all a fantasy to masturbate to... You know we can't do any of that. But," she smiled, "it doesn't hurt to fantasize about it. You can stop masturbating now. Remove your hands."
In a long, frustrated sigh, I removed my hands and let them rest on my thighs.
"How are you feeling?"
"Like I'm gonna explode... I can't hold it."
"Okay. Let's take some time off. No touching your cock for an hour."
"An hour?"
"But don't worry, to keep your mind focused, let's watch some videos."
She turned on her tv. Her hard drive was plugged into it, and, as I found out, contained a folder filled with erotic videos from one collection called "Teach Me, Auntie." I gulped as she began playing a 20mn long video.
A young man, roughly my age, was having breakfast with an older woman, roughly aunt Helen's age. This was hitting very close to home... Seconds into the video, the conversation shifted to the young man's sexual inexperience, and the older woman, his "aunt", took him to her bedroom, where she proceeded to teach him how to eat her out, and how to fuck her in various positions. The video ended with the guy giving the woman a thick facial.
The video kept me hard throughout, but I couldn't touch myself. I occasionally glanced at my aunt, who seemed to be enjoying the video, but didn't touch herself either. She put a second, then a third video from the same series. She really wanted me to be crazy for her, while knowing full well I would never "take" her...
An hour had passed, and she made me edge myself three more times. It was now late in the afternoon, and I was feeling desperate to come. Aunt Helen smiled at me and said :
"Stand up."
She did the same. We stood face to face, inches from one another.
"Cup your balls."
I did.
"Do you think they're full enough to give me a sufficient tasting sample?"
I nodded.
"Squeeze them softly. They've probably never been so full. Are you ready to empty them for your auntie?"
"Y-yeah..."
"Grab your penis now."
I obeyed.
"I will give you the pace. Up... Down... Up... Down... Continue like this, no faster."
She joined her hands, palms up, right beneath the tip of my penis.
"You've worked towards this all day. You're going to have a very powerful orgasm very soon, but I need you to carefully aim for my hands. Good. Now, look into my eyes. Don't look away and make sure your cock remains pointed at my hands."
Time had stopped. Once again, the entire world had disappeared around me. All I could see, hear, or think about, was my beautiful aunt standing right in front of me. I was ready to explode, and she was going to collect all of my semen in her hands. I felt my balls under my fingers ; in a moment they would be empty, and my aunt's hands would be covered with my orgasm. I looked into her eyes.
"You're doing great, Nathan. You're allowed to come now. Empty yourself for auntie. Give me every last drop."
My eyes locked into hers, I mumbled :
"Au-aunt Helen... I'm... going to come in your hands now..."
I clenched my teeth and began grunting, doing my best to remain still since I was aiming blindly. The first signs of my incoming orgasm manifested. My balls were so full that I felt the semen start to drip out of my cock before I was even coming. My whole body tensed up. I maintained eye contact with my aunt, who was smiling at me as she began receiving the first spurts of my sperm.
I kept pumping at the pace she had instructed me, while an overwhelming orgasm took over my whole body. All I could see now was aunt Helen's eyes, the rest was a blur as I emptied myself for her. grunting loudly, I felt my cock pulse as it shot rope after rope of thick, hot fluid into her hands. This orgasm seemed unending, I had never experienced a pleasure of this magnitude. I continued softly squeezing my balls as they gave everything they had to my aunt.
Beyond the intense pleasure, this moment almost felt like some sort of strange transaction. We were standing up, facing each other, and I was offering her all the load I had been producing and carrying for her. My semen wasn't being lost in some tissue or condom. It filled my aunt's hands, and she welcomed it, all of it. She wanted my manly juice. And I was gladly offering it.
My climax eventually reached its end, and I felt my body begin to relax. I began to squeeze the last drops of semen into aunt Helen's hands, as she had requested. I had never felt so drained. Panting loudly, I said :
"Th-that's... all of it..."
As I let myself fall back on the sofa, completely exhausted, I finally looked at my aunt's hands. Miraculously, she had caught all of it, and I had never ejaculated so much... As I slumped onto the sofa, with my erection still raging, I watched aunt Helen kneel in front of me, offering me a view of her hands from above.
I watched her lean forward, extend her tongue, and begin to lick my semen. She seemed to bury her face into her hands, lustfully scooping up the product of my orgasm. She raised her head for a moment, letting me catch a glimpse of her open mouth filled with my cum as she played with it before she swallowed it all. When she was done, she began licking one hand after the other until there was none left on them.
She looked at me and swallowed the remainder of my semen.
"Thank you, Nathan... That was plenty... and it tasted real good."
I slowly processed the fact that my aunt had just swallowed, right before me, my entire load... And all of this had just started with me spying on her in her bedroom...