I originally met Donovan in a class in college when we ended up sitting next to each other on the first day of our Public Speaking class. Throughout the semester we became friends during class and occasionally ran into each other around campus. I learned in high school that he played football and basketball for his school, which means we would have been in different groups if we had gone to the same high school since I was involved in the theater club. He was gorgeous around 6" 175lbs and chocolate skin, complete opposite of me being 5" 150lbs and fair skin. After that semester we would run into each other from time to time over the next couple years until he graduated a year before I graduated. We stayed in touch over Facebook but as with many college friends, we slowly interacted with each other less and less.
About a decade after I graduated from college, we ran into each other at a football game. I had stayed in the same city after graduation, so a lot of people I worked with went to the same school and we would get tickets together to a game every year. Last year, it ended up being the same game he and some of his friends went to and my tickets were on the row in front of him. We got to talk a little bit during the game but its hard to catch up during a good game. We swapped numbers to try and stay in touch better. Over the next couple of months, we would text here and there but nothing consistent.
At the same time, I couldn't help but remember the crush I had on him during college. We were both still single, but I never thought he would be interested in anything with me. However, every time I heard from him, I would smile. After a few months, we started texting more and more. One night I had laid down early when he texted me. I wasn't sure what he would say but I sent a selfie of me laying down in bed to tell him I had already laid down. I had no idea that one picture would slam open a door that I never knew could have opened. He had never responded so quickly to a text but told me he wanted to know how comfy my bed was. I about died when I read his message, but I wanted to hear more. That night started a month's worth of messages going into details of what he had always wanted to do to me. There were days when I think we texted more than we worked, not to mention the days I had to park in a remote area of the parking lot so I could finger myself to an orgasm or two over my lunch hour. Reading all of the details of what he wanted to do to me and with me had me constantly turned on, there weren't enough orgasms I could give myself with everything he was telling me. I need his cock inside me. He had told me how we wanted to push me up against the wall as soon as we got to see each other. How he wanted me to take him in my mouth after he came in my pussy until he was hard again. While I'm not a fan of sexting, one day he sent me a pic of his wonderful 9" thick cock and I about came just from seeing his cock finally and I knew we need to make plans to hang out.
We had already been talking about finding time to meet up since we lived a few hours away from each other. After seeing his big black cock, finding time to see him went straight to the top of my list. It took a couple weeks, but we found a weekend we were both free and made plans for him to stay with me for the weekend. I was so horny leading up to that weekend that I wanted to take off work so I could fuck myself with my vibrators all day long rotating them, so I always had one with a good charge. I had made the decision that I wouldn't be wearing anything under my clothes when he got to my house but asked him what outfit he wanted me to wear and what shoes he wanted me to wear.
Finally, the day was here that he was coming to see me, and I decided to work from home so I wouldn't feel as rushed after work since he was leaving work early so he could fuck me before we went out to dinner. Throughout the day, we talked, and it only made me wetter for him. By the time he knocked on my door, I was dripping down my thick thighs wearing the mini skirt, tank top and heels he wanted to see me in.
He left his suitcase in his car so he could close the door behind him and pushed me up against the wall. There wasn't much need for foreplay because I was already dripping wet and I would see how hard his cock was when I opened the door. It was finally time for me to have my first big black cock and I was beyond ready. I had spent 3 years in college wishing I could date him not knowing that I could have and he didn't think I was interested.
As he kissed me for the first time I melted and reached for his zipper so I could get to his cock. I wanted his cock inside me and there was no time for pleasantries. As I pulled his cock out, he touched my clit for the first time. I had told him that I love when guys rub the tip of their cock on my clit until I cum and then slam their cock into me as I'm cumming. It didn't take long until he replaced his fingers with the top of his cock. It had been a couple years since I had a good fuck and his cock was considerably larger than any dick I had ever fucked so I knew his cock was going to hurt me a little bit but I didn't care. I started to cum from the tip of his cock rubbing my clit and he moved his cock to line up with my pussy and slammed his cock into me balls deep on the first thrust. It hurt but I was cumming so hard that I didn't care. He told me that I felt so good and tight and that he loved how it felt to have my pussy clinching his cock as I continued to cum. I was glad my house sat back from the road because I was screaming in pleasure as soon as he slammed his cock into me.
For the next 10 minutes I don't think I stopped cumming. He didn't seem to tire as he fucked me against the wall even though he had to hold me up because my legs gave out from cumming so hard. He moved his left hand so he could start rubbing my clit (left-handed guys seem to be so much better). The look in his eyes told me he wanted to make me squirt. I had squirted before but only a few times with one guy many years ago but it was a feeling I wanted to feel again. After 30 seconds the urge to pee hit me and I knew he was going to make me squirt. I didn't care that we were in the foyer with the hard wood floors, I wanted to squirt all over his cock. Then it hit me and I squirter harder than I had before. Without warning, he thrust his cock into my one last time and stayed there with his balls pressed against me shooting his hot cum deep inside my pussy, straight past my cervix. Feeling his hot cum inside me made me start squirting again without warning. Squirting that close together made me want his cock even more. I felt like I was going to pass out from his thick big black cock stretching me out, the tip of his cock hitting my cervix on every thrust, squirting hard twice in as many minutes, and feeling his cum in me for the first time. I was hooked on his cock and we both knew it, but we had a dinner reservation.
His pants were covered in my juices, so he had to change his pants before we left for dinner, but he wanted to stay in the outfit I was wearing. I wanted to put on underwear to keep all his cum in me that I had in me but he wouldn't let me so we could easily play while we were out. I did use a towel to clean off my thighs because my juices and his cum were running down them. I didn't care that it was a shorter skirt and that his cum would continue to run down my legs, I was already a slut for his big black cock and I didn't care who saw.
Once we got into his car, he decided to test something I had told him. I had told him that I can often cum just from my nipples being played with. I didn't care that the front windows weren't tinted that much, he pulled my top down and started playing with my nipples. Next thing I know we are stopped at a light and I looked over to the car next to us and the guy driving it was looking right at me with my 40D tits out with rock hard nipples being pinched and I came. There was no way the other driver didn't know I was cumming, I was screaming, who knows what my face looked like, and I was convulsing from cumming so hard. Having a random guy see me cum like that made me even hornier and Donovan knew. He didn't stop playing with my nipples completely. He pushed my skirt up and started moving being my nipples and shoving three fingers in my cunt...actually it was his cunt now it belonged to him, and I didn't have to tell him for him to know. At the next light we got to, we were stopped next to a different guy who had his window down. Donovan rolled down my window while fucking me with his fingers and the moved his left hand to my nipple. I didn't need to look to know the guy next to us was watching but I felt like I was going to cum again, so I looked over at him. With windows down, looking into the eyes of a stranger I came over Donovan's hand while he pinched and pulled my nipple and anyone with their windows down heard me scream in pleasure. Thankfully we didn't get stopped at anymore lights before the restaurant but that didn't mean he stopped playing with me. I came two more times before we got to the restaurant and he found a secluded spot to park in.
After parking the car, he told me to get in the back seat. At that point, I didn't care what we did, where we did it, or who watched us. Like I already said my cunt belonged to him, but he told me he was ready to make my mouth belong to him. As he got out of the car, he took off his pants and boxer briefs, God I love a man in boxer briefs, and as he sat in the back seat he told me it was time for my appetizer. I didn't need to be told twice. I leaned over and took as much of his cock as possible into my mouth. I have a horrible gag reflex and he didn't care. He was clearly determined to make my gag reflex a thing of the past by the end of the weekend. While I started the blow job he quickly took control and began fucking my face. I had never told him that I love when a guy face fucks me, but he had me moaning on his cock within seconds of putting his hands on the back of my head. I could feel my juices running down my thighs again, probably mixed with some of his cum. This time he told me that he was about to cum. Less than a second after he told me he was going to cum, he held my head down as far as my gag reflex would let him and shot a buck of cum in my mouth. I was swallowing as fast as I could because I didn't want to get his cum on my clothes, it was bad enough it was running down my thighs already. Oh God his cum tasted so good, best cum I had ever tasted, and I was a bit of a blow job slut in college, if only he had known that then. But now he knew. As I sat up, the look on my face let him know what my body was his to do what he wanted, when he wanted, and wherever he wanted.
As I looked out the door another black man was watching us with his hand in his pants. Donovan told me I should help our audience out as he opened the door. I was in a trance at that point and would do anything Donovan told me to do. I crawled over Donovan to get out of the car and got on my knees not hidden from farther public view. I didn't speak to our audience; I just reached for his zipper to open his pants and pulled his cock out. His cock was smaller than Donovan's but still larger than any white guy I had been with, but I couldn't get his whole cock in my mouth. He didn't stop him from trying. He had seen how I reacted to be face fucked and my gag reflex pushed so he grabbed the back of my head and started to fuck my mouth harder than Donavan had fucked my pussy less than an hour earlier. He must have been watching almost the whole blow job I gave Donovan because within minutes he was telling me to drink his cum and not to spill a drop. Being the good black cock slut Donovan had already turned me into within the past hour, I knew black sperm was not to be wasted. I braced for my second mouthful of hot black cum within 10 minutes, and I moaned as load as I could as the first shot hit the back of my throat. Our audience didn't push his cock in my mouth as he came. Instead, he held the tip just inside my tips so I could taste all his cum. I let my cheeks fill up with his cum before I started to swallow and then I swallowed his cum like the cum starved slut I was. When he was done, he pulled his cock out of my mouth as I whimpered at the emptiness, tucked his cock back in his pants, and walked away while zipping them and told Donovan "that's one hell of a white slut you have right there, all your boys are going to want a piece of her once they know."
There I was kneeling next to the open back door of Donovan's car, with my large tits hanging out the top of my tank top, my skirt was still pushed up around my hips, with a no named black man calling me a slut. As I stood up and turned around so I could adjust my clothes so we could go inside, I saw that Donovan was rock hard again. He looked at me and said "I can't eat dinner when my cock can cut diamonds so cum ride me until I give you another load." Holy fuck, I had always enjoyed going a couple rounds in a night, but it's barely been an hour and I was going to get a third load from my now favorite cock.
I got back in the car and sat facing the front of the car. Donovan had backed in the parking spot so why not let anyone walking by get a glimpse of my tits bouncing around as I ground my pussy onto Donovan's cock. For as amazing as his cock felt inside my front door, sitting down on his cock for the first time was and even better feeling. Despite the pain earlier and being tender and sore already, I didn't waste anytime I sank all the way down on his cock as I came. I was so turned on from the blow jobs that just feeling his cock start to enter me sent me over the edge. I was starting to get hungry for food, so I rode him as hard and as fast as I could in the car. Next thing I know he has both his hands on me, one is playing with my clit and the other is being as rough as possible with my nipples. Then I feel that urge to pee again and I know I'm going to squirt all over his car. I was about to tell him when he took his hand from my nipples and started to choke me. As I started to cum, I look out the front window and see a couple guys walking by. The door was still open, so they heard my muffled scream and looked, which made me cum harder. As they walked away, I felt Donovan's cock get bigger and I knew he was about to cum. He put his hands on my hips and held me down as he pumped his hot cum into me.
At this point, I didn't care what I looked like. He didn't have anything in his car that I could use to wipe my legs or pussy because he didn't want me getting his clean clothes dirty from his suitcase. He got dressed again as I pulled my skirt down and shirt up. As we started walking away from the car, I could feel his cum running down my thighs to my knees to my calves. If anyone looked at my legs, they would see it. After we got to our table, I started to excuse myself to the restroom so I could clean up my legs and pussy. Donovan sternly looked at me and told me to sit back down and it didn't matter if I cleaned myself up because everyone in there knew I was a slut for his big black cock already.
I'm not sure if he asked for a corner booth or just got lucky but he was able to see anyone coming towards us which mean he could do what he wanted to do to me in there. Once we ordered, he put his hand under the table and I knew I was in trouble. He kept me waiting before putting his hand on my thigh. At first, he just brushed his finger tips on my thigh, which made me shiver while making sure I was staying wet for him. From time to time, he could brush my clit for a second. He kept his hand on me throughout dinner but every time the server would start to walk up he would shove his fingers in me. As we waited for the check, he told me that by the end of the night he would have his fist inside my cunt and I would never care about a white dick again. I told him that I already didn't want another white dick in my pussy or mouth because only big black cocks would be able to give me pleasure.
He kept his hands to himself in the car and that made me want him even more. Within a couple minutes of leaving, I was begging him to touch me. He looked at me and laughed while telling me I can beg all I want but he decides when he is going to touch me. I was so horny from dinner and not being allowed to cum at the table, that I started to put my hand under my skirt. I didn't realize he was watching me because the next thing I knew he was grabbing my hand before I could touch my clit and told me I can't play with myself without his permission the rest of the weekend. I was so horny at that point I would have climbed on top of him while he was driving. Then I realized he had taken a detour to stop at one of the cities riskier sex stores. I had heard rumors of glory holes at this one but had never been inside. As he parked the car, he told me that he decided he needed handcuffs to make sure I didn't play with myself without his permission. When we got inside, he not only got the handcuffs but also got some nipple clamps, a clit clamp, numbing throat spray, and then went over to the dildos. I had been to my share of sex stores but the dildo selection at this store was beyond comparison. There was some of everything. He picked out a 10" BBC with a suction cup under the balls and I couldn't wait to see what he wanted to do with it. After he paid, he started leading me to the back and there was one booth that was occupied, which happened to be in the middle of the three booths. As we stepped inside, I looked to either side and sure enough there were glory holes.
I was getting more turned on. He started to flip through the available movies and found one of a white chick taking multiple BBC's and started to play it. He then told me that I was to get on my knees in front of him, use the numbing spray and take his cock in my mouth. The only time I would be allowed to take his cock out of my mouth was if a cock came through one of the glory holes. If it was a black cock, I was to immediately start sucking on it like I had been depraved of black meat but if it was a white dick I was to say "only black cock's allowed in me but you can watch me."
In the 30 minutes we were in there, 2 white cocks came through the holes first. After that it seemed work got out to customers that a black cock slut was in the middle booth. For the first 10 minutes I sucked on Donovan's cock except for those few seconds with when the white dicks appeared. The 20 minutes that followed led to 5 black cocks shooting their cum in my mouth and none of them were Donovan. When the movie was over, he said it was time to go and he still hadn't let me cum since I rode his cock before dinner.
When we got to car, he took the clit clamp out of the bag and put it on me. As he got in to drive, he told me to take his cock out, sit on my knees with my ass against the window and suck on his cock until we got back to my house. I was so busy sucking on his cock that I didn't realize he had pulled my skirt up until he put the window down and there was no barrier for the breeze on my ass and the clit clamp. I heard some horns honk and hollers as he drove and that only made me suck him harder and get wetter. He pulled into my driveway and told me not to stop until he came. Now that we weren't driving, he pushed his seat back giving me some more room and I was getting more of his cock in my mouth and the tip was getting past my gag reflex. Suddenly he grabbed my head and pushed me down until his cock was down my throat and then I felt him cumming down my throat. Just like that he took my throat and I finally came as he did it.
I didn't even bother adjusting my skirt to walk inside. If anyone saw me, they had probably seen me ass in the air a few minutes earlier. But I felt different knowing he had taken my throat like that. He later told me that since I got the tip in my throat on my own that he knew I could take it all so he went for it and didn't care if he made me throw up in the process.
Once inside I started begging for his cock in my cunt again. I didn't care that he had just cum for the 4th time since arriving, I just needed to feel him inside me again. He told me he needed to relax for a little bit but we would still have some fun in the meantime. He demanded me to take off my clothes. Once my top and skirt were off, I reached for the straps on my heels and he told me a white slut like me has heels on unless she is sleeping.
He then told me to sit on the sofa as he opened the bag from earlier. While the clit clamp was still on me, he pulled out the nipple clamps first. As he put them on me he told me "a slut like you who cums so easily from your nipples being pulled is going to be cumming constantly with these on." I wanted to tell him he was wrong, but I didn't waste my time protesting because I knew he was right. While I got used to them and wet from them, he moved a floor lamp behind me and then told me to put my arms up. He then handcuffed me around the lamp to make sure I couldn't touch myself. He then went to get his suitcase. Once back inside he took out some ties he had brought and used them to tie my feet to the legs of the sofa. I was spread out on display and wanted his cock deep inside me. He was still dressed but it looked like his pants were starting to get tight around his cock again.
But I wouldn't get his cock yet. He then pulled out some movies and started to play one. It was another white girl in a BBC gang bang, only this time she was tied up like I was. I realized then that the strangers BBC I swallowed earlier was the first of many BBC's he would get me to take more aside from his. This realization made me wetter than I had even been even though I had never fantasized about being in a gang bang. I wanted my hands free, I wanted something inside my cunt, anything. Then he got a remote egg out of his bag and stuffed the egg inside me. The move was 90 minutes long and using the egg remote he kept bringing me to the edge only to turn it off and leave me whimpering for more and begging for his cock.
Once the movie was over, he took the egg out and asked me if I remembered what he said about his fist. I shook my head yes. He told me I was ready for the next step and started with 2 fingers inside my cunt. After a minute he added a 3rd finger as he had done earlier. He got me close to coming again but pulled his fingers out and stuffed them in my mouth. I love when I get to taste myself, but I could taste his cum as well still in me from earlier, but I wish it was his cock I was tasting myself on. While I was sucking his fingers, he stuffed 4 fingers from his other hand in my cunt. I screamed from the pain but that was muffled but his hand in my mouth and was quickly turned in screams from pleasure as I started to squirt again. I didn't know how I was going to handle his fist but he decided since I squirted that it was time to find out. He took his fingers out while I was still squirting, made a fist and shoved it inside me. I screamed again from the pain but quickly squirted again. After I stopped squirting, I kept cumming for what felt like 5 minutes from his fist.
I didn't even realize he had undone his pants during all of this until he took his fist out and slammed is cock into me. It felt so good to have his cock in me again and I was helpless. I could barely move as he slammed into me. I no longer care about the pain from my cervix being slammed in every trust. I only cared about how his cock felt inside me. I wanted his cum inside me again but he decided that it was time for a facial and pulled his cock out with enough time to get it close to my face before shooting his hot cum all over his face. I kept my eyes open looking at him not caring if his cum got in my eyes. Once he was done he took the handcuffs off and told me to clean my face. I started to wipe his cum off my face and lick it off my fingers. I didn't realize that he had taken his phone out until I was done and he showed me the video he took of me cleaning off my face. He then opened the group text from the friends he went to the football game with and told me they all wanted to take turns fucking me at the game in the stands as he sent the video to them. The response came quickly. "I knew she would be a good slut." "I'm glad the slut likes your cum I hope she likes mine" "she is hungry for black cum" "how many loads has she taken" "did she take your whole cock" he sends a text back "the slut's cunt took my whole cock the second it touched her cunt less than a minute after I walked into her house. She swallowed my cock and another BBC in the parking lot before dinner and then swallowed some more in a couple glory holes after dinner. I shoved my cock down her throat to shoot her dessert straight into her belly. Next time I visit her all of yall better be here because she is a bbc slut and will do anything I tell her for my bbc."
As much as I wanted more, I also knew I needed some sleep for whatever he had in store for the next day. He put the egg back inside me, handcuffed me again, and then pulled a ball gag out of his bag and put it on me. I was starting to wonder if I should have told him I like it rough but quickly realized telling him was the right thing because it meant he knew how to push me and make me cum as hard as I need to cum. He turned the egg on high and started getting himself ready for bed. Next thing I knew I was cumming again from the egg and was wondering if I would ever get any sleep. Once he was ready, he took the handcuffs off, untied my feet, and took the ball gag out but left the clamps on. He told me I would be sleeping with the clamps on and if any of them were off in the morning that there would be a price to pay. As we laid down in my bed, he told me my bed is as comfy as it looked and couldn't wait to fuck me in it.
Saturday cumming soon.