Standard disclaimers.
This is a story about sexual exploration and, open relationships. Open relationships can and do happily exist; but they are not for everyone. If you do not believe it is at all possible for open relationships to exist without damage to any and all involved parties, please do yourself a favor and don't waste your time reading this.
*
Also, this story takes place in a world where STDs don't exist and only babies planned for and wanted do—in other words, a fantasy world. Any resemblance to real-life people is purely coincidental.
*****
Gwen was surprised at how easy being naked around others had become. The McCallums had been in no hurry to get dressed after they had all returned to the boat and the Nelsons followed suit, the Lady claiming that it while the lack of clothing was disturbing it would have been impolite not to follow their hosts' lead. Yvette was not being particularly modest as her husband steered the craft out of the anchorage and across the lake, the ankle of one leg casually resting on the knee of the other as she sat in a bucket seat behind where the men stood at the wheel. Gwen caught Bob looking at the top of her own thatch-crowned cleft more than once as she slouched with legs crossed at the ankles in a most unladylike fashion, posture and presentation that her mother would have disapproved of even if her had daughter had been wearing clothes. Bob eventually brought the boat to a temporary halt a safe distance from the McCallums' dock and their disapproving neighbors, allowing everyone time to get dressed. Gwen reluctantly returned to just her shorts and shirt, deciding adding the bikini beneath would be overkill.
A menu of steaks, veggies and salad had been decided upon on their trip back, the men assigned to grill duty on the deck while their wives manned the kitchen. "That was fun," Yvette said with a smile once the women were alone and she began cutting the fresh zucchini from the morning's farmer's market. "You seemed a lot more relaxed than I thought you might be. I remember how nervous you looked that day we met you!"
"Oh, I was nervous today, too," Gwen admitted, "but not as bad as that first time! I wasn't used to being that exposed in public—I'm still not!-and you really shocked me when you did—that—to Bob, right there in front of us! I also remembered you didn't have Bob...uhhh...do anything in return, and I thought that was because you were shy."
Yvette laughed. "I'm definitely not shy. I just didn't want to make it look like I was trying to put on a show, even if Bob was—I thought it might be a little too much for you. But you got in the spirit of things pretty quickly today! And I was really impressed with Tim winning the endurance award. Now that I think about it, you both outlasted me and Bob. "
"Oh, you mean..." Gwen replied, blushing when she figured out exactly what the blonde was referring to. "I didn't know you...yet, today. When?"
"Oh, yeah. I was first one out. I came hard. Usually do, one way or the other, when we're out there. I think I get as turned on teasing Bob and showing off as he does being teased and showing me off. I didn't last long at all, but I usually don't."
"I didn't notice..."
"I think you your eyes were closed at the time. You were pretty into what Tim was doing between your legs. Bob went off as soon as you opened them for those guys in the water. He's like a dog to a bone for that visual. And we both really enjoyed watching your little trip to outer space—you have so much self-control! So that left Tim, and I also have to give him the most artistic award for giving you that pearl necklace. God, there was a lot of him on you—if the peepers hadn't already left I would have thought they contributed. I consider myself somewhat of an expert on that kind of thing, and I have to say his output was impressive for a middle-aged man. Does he always come that much?"
"Sometimes," Gwen answered, the frankness of the conversation knocking her off-balance. "He tries to stay hydrated," she added, feeling the need to justify his volume.
Yvette was being liberal with the olive oil she was adding to the pan, muttering "shit" when a mistimed shake of the nearly empty bottle deposited a healthy splatter on her shirt. Wordlessly she peeled it off and tossed it on the back of a nearby chair, returning to her stirring.
"Have you and Bob always been this—had this relaxed attitude?" Gwen blurted out, unable to stop the words as they left her mouth. "Forgive me, that was a very rude thing to ask."
The woman laughed, her bare breasts shaking a bit from the effort. "It didn't sound rude to me at all. Relaxed...I like that...by relaxed, do you mean our lack of clothing, our lack of a verbal filter, or...lack of public modesty and decency?"
"Yes, all of that, I guess. Not that you're indecent, or bad people," she hurriedly added, "you both just seem so comfortable in your own skin—"Gwen blushed at the unintended pun—"have you two always been that way?"
Yvette smiled down at the pan and continued to stir. "I guess I was a lot more shy a long, long time ago, when I was a girl...Bob was pretty much already the way he is now when I met him, just looking for a girl who wasn't scared off by it. I just thought it was how guys were, and the way he showed it was very attractive... he was so self-confident, like he didn't have anything to hide, made me feel like maybe having my own sinful thoughts wasn't so bad. I was raised in a very religious home—the kind of religious where dancing is a sin, and my father was a deacon in the church," she said softly. "Growing up, I always felt like every day was an exercise in self-control and self-denial, that everything other than honoring the Lord and your parents was gonna get you in a world of trouble. Silver-tongued Bob put me on the road to rethinking my moral compass, and my first job pretty much blew it up altogether."
"Your first job? Really? What was that?"
Yvette paused, sizing up the woman next to her, evaluating her, a sly smile eventually curling her lip. "I worked at a massage parlor for five years."
Gwen looked back in confusion. "You have a certification in massage therapy? When did you have time to get that? I know you said you've got degrees in teaching and Psychology..."
"It wasn't that kind of massage, Gwen," Yvette said with a patient laugh. "I do have my Bachelors in Education and my Masters in Psychology. But the place I worked didn't require certification, just strong hands and people skills." She could see her friend was still confused. "I gave back rubs and hand jobs. That kind of massage parlor, know what I mean? That's why I know so much about a man's output? I definitely saw enough of it."
Gwen was unable to hide her shock. "Oh my God, Yvette, I'm so sorry! That must have been horrible!"
"Nothing to be sorry about! I didn't have a disease, I had bills. And it wasn't horrible. It was actually a pretty good job. Not one I've ever put on a resume, but still...look, I'm not proud of what I did, but I'm not ashamed, either—I did what I did to survive." There seemed to be tinge of defiance in her voice, as if daring the other woman to disagree.
Gwen looked back nervously in the direction of the great room, towards where the men were at the grill on the deck beyond. "Does Bob know?" she asked, lowering her voice.
Another smile while she continued to stir, breasts swaying back and forth. "Bob found me the job."
"So it was his idea? I know you said he's really good at talking you into things, but even that?"
"Nope, as a matter of fact it was one of those rare times I had to talk him into something. Have I overshared, or would you like to hear how I came to be giving happy endings to strange men?"
"If you'd like to tell me, but if you don't like to talk about it I certainly understand."
"I don't mind talking about it. I'm just careful who I talk about it with. Relaxed, right? Lack of verbal filters? I don't share this with everyone, but I think seeing each other the way we did this afternoon puts us on a more personal basis, don't you?"
Gwen nodded, pretending to concentrate on the lettuce she was again rewashing, anxiously awaiting the topless woman with the knife to resume her story.
"I was sixteen when I met Bob, and my parents did not approve of him in any way, shape or form. He was a year older than me and didn't go to our church, hell, he didn't go to church at all. But he was so unlike anybody else I had ever met and he was so genuinely nice to me and I really liked that he seemed to like me for who I was and treated me as an equal, not like the boys in our congregation. I always got the feeling they thought it was God's law that I would have to marry one of them and submit to their will, and even then that just didn't seem right to me. So Bob and I found ways to see each other without my parents knowing. I think that's when I really started to understand just how much Bob liked me, always working so hard to outwit my family, although with six kids my parents had a hard time keeping track of all of us all the time.
Then I started my senior year and he went off to college, and I figured he would find a girl at school and that would be the end of it, and I would be stuck with Jimmy Evans from our congregation who liked to try and stick his hand up my dress every time our chaperones weren't looking. My parents were convinced he was a good God-fearing boy though, and I'm sure thought I would be the perfect Mrs. Evans.
But Bob found ways to see me every time he came home on break, and he wrote me so many letters! His sister had to give them to me at school, and I hid them in my locker, but I thought it was so sweet he would go through all that trouble just for me. He kept telling me how he wanted us to be together, so, he came home for summer break, I graduated, and we did what stupid kids have done for centuries—we eloped.
My parents were furious, claimed that Bob had kidnapped me, but I was eighteen and in love and there wasn't much they could do. They figured I was on the fast path to hell and waited for me to humble myself in the eyes of the Lord and come crawling back like the Prodigal Daughter. I'm sure they weren't happy that I had been defiled and that they would have to suffer that embarrassment in front of the congregation as well as pay a healthy dowry for groping Jimmy Evans to take used goods.
Bob and I were going to make it work no matter what but we quickly figured out what all the other stupid kids over the centuries found out—love makes a lot of problems bearable, but it doesn't keep you from starving. Bob was still going to school and had two jobs to boot, and I had every intention of being the loving wife, making him dinner and washing his clothes, but it pretty quickly became apparent I was going to have to make some financial contributions as well. Well, the job market wasn't real good there to begin with, the economy was in a downturn and I was an eighteen year-old girl with no experience and no marketable skills, so I found nothing at all.
We were both getting desperate because the rent on our fleabag apartment was overdue and the landlady had a reputation for making life difficult if you didn't pay up. Bob told her our sob story, hoping we could buy some time, for what, we had no idea. The landlady told him to go see a girl in one of the other apartments in the building, that she had found jobs for some of the coeds that she rented to. Bob went to see her, turned out she was a student herself and "had some contact." She told him she'd be willing to set up an interview for me with the owner of a little business off one of the exits on the interstate. She told him what kind of business went on there, Bob said thanks but no way and came back to our apartment to tell me why she had been a dead end.
Bob knew what a massage parlor was, but I sure as hell didn't. Even after he explained it to me, though, I still wasn't as against it as he was. He said he was going to quit college and find a full time job, but I knew that we'd always be struggling to break even if he didn't have a degree, and he had to finish school for us to eventually get ahead. I kept giving myself these get-tough pep talks, that I was an adult and a married woman and nobody was going to help us but me. In three months I had gone from sleeping in a tiny bedroom with my two sisters to sleeping on the floor of a dirty apartment with my new husband and in another couple of months might be homeless. I was scared to death of living on the street and decided that moral bankruptcy was better than financial, and that I could pray for forgiveness every day and still take a paycheck. Besides, all that had been offered was an interview, and I hadn't even had a single one of those yet. I could go for the practice and I didn't have to take the job if it didn't seem right for me.
It took him a little bit, but Bob finally gave in and went back to tell the girl in the other apartment. And so a couple of days later I met with Betty Tranh, the owner of this place. Bob came along too; it was the only way he would let me go.
She took us both in her office and didn't pull any punches as to what I would be expected to do there. There were a couple of times I had convinced myself this was crazy and had started figuring out how to sleep two in a car, but then she started explaining how much I could make if I worked hard and wasn't one of those 'lazy American girls who thought they better than everyone else,' and I figured out I could make more, a lot more, doing this than anything I was qualified for. The hours were more flexible too, so I could be home when I needed to and fulfill my wifely duties. I mean, everybody wants to think of themselves as being on some sort of moral high ground, but that doesn't put macaroni and cheese dinner on the table with the broken leg that you picked up off the side of the road. Betty thought I had the right body for it—I was a few pounds lighter then and my boobs hadn't suffered the indignities of three kids, and asked if I had any experience. I couldn't lie and told her in my best serious adult voice that I didn't have any experience in this line of work, but I was a quick learner! She pointed at Bob and asked if I ever played with his dick, which made me laugh. I told her yes, and I admitted to touching Jimmy Evans' once, too. She told me I was qualified enough and offered me the job, but said she had to know right then because she had plenty of other girls who wanted a job too. And so the next afternoon I reported for my first day of work at Peaceful Dragon Asian Massage.
"But isn't that kind of work illegal?" Gwen asked, still amazed at how casual Yvette made it all sound.
"Technically, maybe, yeah, I guess, but there were and still are billboards all up and down I-95 advertising these places, so my eighteen-year old brain figured if they advertised 'em they must be legal and I left it at that. The local cops got free samples, so they weren't about to screw up a good thing. As long as what we were doing didn't cross over the line into actual prostitution, they let things slide."
"But...didn't it?"
"Nah, I always thought of it as a more complete massage," she said with a laugh. "Betty made it clear that using your hands was okay, using one of your orifices was not. She was this tiny little Vietnamese woman, tough as nails, who came here as a refugee with even less than Bob and I had and had worked her ass off to make a good life for herself and was not about to let it get taken away from her. If you were hooking, either inside the business or freelancing, you were out of there. She didn't want the legal hassle and she didn't want the competition. Betty was really nice to work for, though. She took care of her employees, paid well, provided uniforms—white tank top and shorts, no underwear—we had adjustable tables and she put rubber floor mats down for us to stand on while we worked. We even had a real break room with a refrigerator and nice furniture, much better than what Bob and I had at home! She didn't take any shit, either—if you were a client with questionable attitude or hygiene you cleaned up your act or were out the door.
"She was the first independent woman I had ever really known and I looked up to her. She was also very patient with me, took me under her wing and did most of my training. I know I was terrible at it when I started! I just thought you grabbed on and started tugging until white stuff came out. Even though she said I had experience, I didn't have a lot—handjobs were for teenagers in the backseat of cars, and I was a married woman who had more adult ways of pleasing her husband. But she taught me different touches, and different moves—I remember the first time she got a guy close to coming then took her hands off his dick and worked his chest instead. He groaned and start humping the air to get her to come back, which I thought was so cool! She was so efficient, never acting like she was in a hurry but still getting clients off the table without them feeling rushed so she could get another paying customer on it.
"Betty was the one that taught me men had two sex organs—their penis and their brain. She really knew how to stroke egos as well as dicks. When she was around the clients she always referred to their cocks as 'dragons'; angry dragons, sleeping dragons, dragon ready to strike, that kind of thing. I asked her why and she told me that even the man with the littlest dick wants to be told he is the master of a mysterious, ferocious beast. So, I took it a step further and started using fake Vietnamese-to-English translations to describe the dicks under my care—alert dragon looking left, wary dragon looking right, eager dragon straining its neck. I always told the guys with little ones that they 'had a beautiful stout dragon overfull with essence' She laughed at how ridiculous that sounded coming out of a white girl with a southern drawl, but also told me I was a smart girl for doing it—'make bigger tip that way'. Of course, she also laughed at me the first time I saw an armored dragon."
"Armored dragon?"
"Uncircumcised. My second day without Betty in the room with me, and the guy turns over and I thought something was wrong with him! I hurried off and told her that this guy didn't look right. She came in to take a look, called me a silly girl and apologized to the client that I was new, did the massage with me watching and showed how the armor slid down and out of the way to reveal the dragon beneath. After he was gone she told me all guys are born like that, but most American boys have it cut off when they're little. Even though Betty did all the work on that one, she still let me keep the tip. She was really good to work for..."
"Still, working there, it couldn't have been very nice experience..."
"It really was pretty good once I got used to it—I have to guess way better than plucking chickens at the processing plant, which was another job I applied for and didn't get. Almost to a person my clients were polite and respectful, and I've always thought it had to do with them being naked. I think clothes are another layer of mental protection and people feel braver and less vulnerable when they're in them, take them off and all you have is you. I've been to strip clubs, and the guys there just seem more arrogant, almost like they're better people than the performers; they've got their clothes on and the girls don't so they've got the advantage. If you made strip club patrons get naked at the door I think their attitudes would change considerably. I could tell how vulnerable some of my clients felt when they were naked on my table, especially when they turned over, and I really worked hard to make them feel comfortable. I know I felt like I was giving back some control when I took my clothes off for them."
"You had to take your clothes off?"
"I didn't have to, we could technically say no to any request, but we got a percentage of the bill, and the bill was bigger and the tips better if I did. To be honest, that's when I first realized I've got an exhibitionist streak—I was always flattered that a guy would pay to see little old me naked. The pricing was done a la carte. A client would start out with a basic massage. A 'joyful release of the dragon's essence' was extra, but I can't ever remember a client not paying for a handjob. Taking off your top was a few dollars more, taking off your shorts a few dollars more than that. Letting them touch you was also on the menu, but no insertion allowed, although I had a few guys I trusted enough to 'slip' and get really close. I had a couple of guys that liked it when I worked from up above their head and 'accidentally' let my boobs hang in their face while I massaged their chest. Using the girls to get him off—'the dragon exploring the mountain valley'—was an extra charge, and a prostate massage was pretty good money, probably because some of the girls wouldn't do it. I did—once Betty explained how there was a little trigger for his gun hidden up in there, I'd snap on a glove, throw on some lube and go rooting around. They went off quicker, they left happy, and I got my table back for the next client. Of course, talking dirty was free and a good way to move them along too."
"Yvette, you make this sound all so normal... How did Bob feel about all this?"
"To me it was normal. I know it sounds weird, but it really was always just a job. A job I liked, but still, and any moral conflict I might have had went away when I saw my paycheck. We paid the rent and had enough for real milk too, not the powdered stuff! And when we finally saved enough money to buy a real bed, I thought we were rich! It was used, but still, it had a real frame and a real mattress with a box spring and we weren't sleeping on that disgusting carpet! As for Bob...he wasn't too sure about things at first, but he got used to it. I never gave him any reason to think it was something more than a job. I always wore my wedding ring when I worked—it seemed to cut down on guys asking me out after my shift, although a few tried anyways. But I never once had any desire to see any of my clients outside of work. Bob was then and still is my guy. The clients knowing you were married helped with the tips too, I think."
"How?"
"I think some guys genuinely felt guilty that a married woman was in such a bad way that she had to give them handjobs to make money and so threw a few extra bucks my way to make themselves feel better. Other guys though, they really got off on having another guy's wife perform that service for 'em. You could always tell who those guys were," Yvette said with a laugh. "They always wanted to know if they were bigger than my husband. I always told them they were, which was a lie as often as not, but I always told Bob the truth. After a while he got to like hearing about my day and didn't seem to have a problem hearing a client's dick was bigger than his, or how much he had in him. He knew he was the one I was coming straight home to after work.
I've always liked trying to figure out what made people tick—guess that's why I went into psychology-so the work really was interesting, I was a young women getting paid to look at and touch naked men. The truckers were definitely not model material, too much time behind the wheel, but the military types from the base were fun to look at, and I always liked checking out their packages no matter who was on the table—the variety was amazing! These huge guys with tiny little peckers, wimpy looking young guys with whoppers...it was fascinating to see the big tough he-men exposed and vulnerable. I always looked at each client as a puzzle I was being paid to solve, seeing what it was going to make him happy and make him want to ask for me again while being as efficient as possible. The women were tougher, though."
"You had women clients?"
"Uh huh. Not many, just three, but they were all regulars. One was the classic bull dyke trucker, hard to tell she was a woman until she took off her clothes, another was the wife of a trucker client of mine—they'd run team up and down the coast and stop at the Dragon, the wife got hers while he watched and then the husband would get his while she watched and then and then they'd be back on the road. And then there was this sweet little white-haired old lady, grandmother-librarian type, who I think preferred to believe this was a legit massage that just always got a little out of hand. I never figured out how she had gotten there in the first place. She never asked for anything, didn't really talk; Betty just gave me a list of what she wanted the first time and it never changed after that. Me with my clothes on, giving her a back and butt massage followed by some breast work; labial and clitoral massage, she'd get flushed in the chest and breathe hard and see you next time. The women were tough though. I didn't know what they liked; I barely knew what I liked—Bob had to convince me I was not committing an unpardonable sin by touching myself. I never did it before I moved in with him because there was zero privacy and I was afraid I'd be struck down by the divine hand and my parents would know why. Thankfully all my clients, even the women, were very patient with me and kept coming back, God knows why.
So anyways, I worked there for a year before Bob insisted I start going to school, too. I worked there all the way through college while Bob graduated, went to work for a local accountant, got fed up with working for someone else and started his own business. Betty was one of his first clients, although I think she was always a little suspicious that we might have been working together to rip her off. He did right by her though, and he eventually had her doing well enough to buy out a competitor the next exit down and open a second location. I finally left when I started student teaching.
So to answer your original question, Bob's business got off the ground, we felt that despite crushing student loans we were making enough to pop out three kids in five years and put a roof over their heads, I went back for my Master's once they were in school, and Bob and I played responsible youth team coach and PTA member in public. We saved our "relaxed attitude" for behind closed doors and vacations without the kids, and kept our private life private, pretty successfully, I like to think. And then the boys were out of the house and we moved up here and couldn't see why we needed to keep it behind closed doors any more. Or curtained windows, although the neighbors seem to disagree."
"Do your children know?"
"What, about my job? No, I haven't told them, but only because I worry more about putting images in their head they can't unthink than me being ashamed or embarrassed. But if any one of them had dared try as stupid a move as Bob and I had, I would have trotted it out as an example of what they might have had to do to make things work. As for our relaxed attitude, well, we we're never ones to tell them that sex was bad or that the human body should be hidden away, but we did try to teach them some common-sense discretion. We didn't go into details about what was going on behind our own closed doors, just to knock and wait until invited in. Now that they're grown up they at least know enough to call before dropping by so we have time to put something on. And that's our story."
"Wow!"
"Yeah, wow. And thank you for listening and not judging. Sympathy I appreciate but it's not necessary; judgement I don't appreciate and really don't need. "
"Oh," Gwen stammered, "it's not my place to judge. I think a lot of us had to make difficult decisions starting out—I know I did!"
Yvette smiled. "Sounds like a story I'd like to hear if you don't mind telling it. Like I said, I love to see what makes interesting people interesting. It's the psychologist in me. But no pressure—if it's too personal, I understand."
Gwen hesitated. If anyone would understand the conditions of her employment under Miss Ritter, it would be this woman. Not too long ago she would have considered her circumstances then every bit as dire as Yvette's, but she would not have spoken a word of it, either. But since then there was the growing realization as to what it had truly been, and that rather than bad it had taken something as good as Tim to change...there was also a feeling that it might be safe to open up to this woman.
"Really, you don't have to tell me Gwen," Yvette said, sensing reluctance. "Maybe you could tell me how you and Tim ended up on the beach that day?"
Bob chose that moment to stick his head around the doorframe. "Steaks are done—" he saw his wife's bare back and grinned. "Should I close the blinds?"
"We're eating on the deck," Yvette countered, her attention still on Gwen, studying her. "Can you get me a clean shirt from the laundry room? I did wash this morning." She waited until Bob's head disappeared from the doorway. "I'd still like to hear your story Gwen, later," she said with a smile. "As little or as much as you'd like to tell me. I get the feeling you've had some very interesting experiences in your life!" She picked up the bowl of zucchini. "And by the way," she said, giving a hint of a smile, "Your husband has a great body and an absolutely beautiful dragon."
"Oh, uh, thank you," Gwen stammered. "Bob's is very nice, too! It certainly does get big."
"The head does at least, especially when properly inspired."
The shirt Bob selected did not leave much to the imagination, the faded yellow tank top thin enough to clearly show the imprint of Yvette's nipples and areolae beneath it, but it was sufficient to sit out in the open in the early evening light. The conversation was lively, not of the day's events even though the topic was not intentionally avoided, but of married life, and children, and businesses, of the many things the two couples had in common. For once it was not an effort for Gwen; she found the McCallums refreshingly honest and funny, and just very nice to be around. It was Tim who finally suggested it was time to go, long after the lake's surface had turned black and the lights of houses on the distant shore twinkled from the line of trees forming a dark border against the night sky above. Gwen reluctantly agreed. "It's a bit of a drive home," she offered as a sort of apology.
"You could stay here tonight," Yvette suggested. "Plenty of guest rooms, and we're told breakfast on the deck as the lake wakes up is very nice."
"I'd love to," Gwen said truthfully, "but my friend—she boards her horse with us—she's staying at the house, and she turned out the horses this afternoon. She was expecting us back this evening, and if I know her she's probably already done the evening chores; I wouldn't want to leave the morning chores to her, too. Besides," she added, feeling the need for something more, "We didn't bring a change of clothes."
"No need for 'em," Bob said with a grin. "We have the blinds, and robes for breakfast out here in the morning. The neighbors haven't complained about that yet."
"We understand," Yvette offered with a knowing smile. "Maybe the next time you come you could plan to stay overnight?"
"I—we-would like that, right Tim? And we'd love to have you to our house, too! It's set back from the road, and we have a pool, so you can wear as much or as little as you'd like!" Gwen blushed and fell silent, feeling the offer sounded a little too eager.
"Sounds like fun," Yvette said, hugging her. "We're so glad you came." The Slut purred at the feel of Bob's semi-hard length beneath his shorts when it was his turn to embrace her.
"You okay to drive?" Gwen asked as Tim turned the truck on to the dirt road leading away from the lakefront. "You had a lot of sun today."
"And a lot of excitement. But yeah, I'm fine. You can take a nap if you want, I'm good."
Gwen said nothing but remained alert in the darkness, wanting to be another set of eyes for Tim. Her mind was still active as they drove, thinking, evaluating, asking what-ifs as it always did when her attention was not required elsewhere.
"Definitely a lot of excitement," Tim heard the soft voice from the gloom of the truck's passenger seat muse. "My mother always warned me about men and their dirty minds. I don't think she ever considered the possibility her daughter would be worse than a man."
"Your mother was right about men having dirty minds," Tim replied. "And I'm sure mine is way worse than yours. I've had years to develop a pretty extensive catalog of nasty thoughts."
"Were those things you said in the woods today some of them?"
"Well, yeah."
"Then I think mine is catching up with yours pretty quickly." She paused. "Can I be honest with you?"
"You always have, as far as I know."
"When you said those things about the guys in the water and what they would be doing later, I got really excited thinking about that. I know it's just pretend, but what if they had really done that...right then, in front of us? Would you have been mad"
Tim laughed. "Wouldn't have blamed 'em. I was a little surprised they chickened out and left when they did—I guess none of 'em wanted to be the first to jack off in front of their buddies. I'm pretty sure Bob wanted to reach down and give himself a few strokes in your honor on the boat."
"Really? You sure it wasn't Yvette who had his attention?"
"I think you both had his attention, but I'm gonna bet he spent more time on you trying to wish your legs open."
"Did you want to do the same for Yvette?"
Tim shifted uneasily in his seat. "Well, she was naked, and uhh, she seems like she's really, I don't know, sexually confident, which I think is attractive as hell in a woman..."
"You like confident women? Then how did you end up with me?"
He laughed. "Because you were one of the most confident women I had ever met and still are. Hell, when I met you I thought you were a little bit arrogant, even. Most of you equestriennes are; I guess it comes from learning how to make a half-ton animal do whatever you want with a tap of your heel in the ribs."
"It's a very gentle tap, they barely feel it," she protested. "Maybe I was confident around horses, but I wasn't around men, and definitely not in bed..."
"You were confident in bed, too—you were just very confident a once a week schedule to accommodate my needs was enough. Wasn't my preference, but I just figured I just an over-the top horn-dog and you weren't. Everything else about your personality was...really attractive, so it was pretty easy to work around the bedroom. And then it seemed like you started treating your sex life like you did your riding, getting some instruction, lots of practice and pushing your comfort levels a little, getting the confidence to try out what's in that dirty mind of yours."
"I like when you try out what's in your mind, too," she replied softly. "Like in the woods this afternoon. Makes me feel like I have a partner in crime."
"Yeah, gotta admit that was pretty wild. Wasn't sure you'd do it. Charlie would have a stroke if he ever found out about that."
"Because he still thinks I'm stuck up cold fish of a wife," Gwen added, finishing the thought.
Tim cleared his throat. "Well...I think, uhh, maybe he's not so sure, anymore..." Tim paused. "My turn to be honest...remember the undies you gave me to hold on to the night of the dinner? In the locker room?" He added needlessly. "And then I hung 'em on the rearview?"
"Yes, where everyone at the gas station saw them," Gwen answered slowly. "Then they got put in the wash and are in my drawer now. Why?" She glanced up at the mirror as if to confirm her story.
"I put 'em in the wash after Charlie got a hold of 'em and stuck his nose in the crotch."
"WHAT!? How...?"
"We went out to look at a job the next day, and I was gonna leave 'em on the mirror because he's always giving me shit about what he's getting and I'm not, so I wanted to show him I'm getting some, too. Stupid guy shit, I know, it's none of his business, but I'm a guy, so...but I chickened out and threw 'em in the glove compartment before I got to his house. He found 'em in there anyways and thought I either they were mine or I had someone on the side, so I told him the truth. He didn't believe me, especially after I told him how I got 'em, but I think he really wants to."
"Oh my God Tim, really?" Gwen cried, Tim thankful and a little surprised her tone was of amused disbelief and not anger. "Did you tell him everything?"
"Not everything, just that we were in the locker room and your underwear was in the way," he said with a smile. "I didn't tell him they were already gone when I got there, and don't worry, I didn't show him the picture you used as bait—that's tucked away safe in my phone when I need a pick-me-up. I just told him enough to drive him nuts wondering."
Her hand began to pet the hardness under his shorts. "You think he would have believed you if you had showed him the picture?"
He hesitated, the sensation in his lap distracting him from the composition of his answer. "He probably still would have called bullshit cuz' you can't see your face in it, but it would've been a hell of a lot of fun watching him drool over it and try to figure out if it was you. I know it sounds bad, but I've always liked it when guys look at you—like those guys on the beach today. It makes me feel like I've got something really special, something that other guys would kill to have, like a nice boat or a car. It's also that someone as pretty as you would be with a guy like me. Sorry, I know that sounds pretty shallow. I don't own you."
"I think I like being owned and shown off sometimes," she admitted with a giggle. "So he really sniffed them?"
"Your undies? Practically inhaled 'em. He really liked your perfume," Tim answered with a laugh, leaving out his friend's earthier evaluation of her musk.
Gwen was quiet for a moment, gently stroking his length. "If you want, you can show him my picture," she finally offered.
"Really? You don't care if he saw you like that?"
"I don't care if you don't..." she lied. The idea excited her, a chance to tease the man who had considered her a cold fish for so long. She knew she had changed so much since that night they had double-dated in his car..."but you can't send it to him, and you can't let him know that I said you could. Maybe let him see it accidentally? But you have to tell me what he says, either good or bad."
"Oh, it'll be good, I can guarantee that...X-rated, but good."
"Then I want to hear that, too."
They were quiet for a moment, the hand on his lap still. "So you never answered my question," Gwen said quietly. "Did you want to show Yvette what you thought of her confidence?"
"Did I want to? I've got a dirty mind, remember? So, yup. But I didn't think that would have gone over too good with either you or her. And even then Bob would have had to have gone first. Guess I'm just as chicken as those guys in the ski boat." He glanced down at the hand in his lap. "I'm gonna be a sticky distracted driver if you keep that up. Maybe I can pull off down one of these roads, we can put a blanket in the back and look up at the stars?"
"Along with a million mosquitos," Gwen laughed, removing her hand. "Maybe we could just stay in here?"
Tim grinned and scanned the roadside ahead. "McKendry's Auto Body," he said, reading from a sign as he pulled off the 2-lane highway into the parking lot of a closed repair shop. "Trick I learned in high school. Nobody's going to notice another truck in a parking lot full of cars." He selected a spot at the end of the row, away from the glow of the single floodlight on the building. "View's not the greatest," he announced, unbuckling his belt and pushing the seat back, "but what I want to see is in here."
Gwen unbuckled her own belt and slid closer to her husband. "I'm glad you like the scenery."
Tim's hand was already on the move as he kissed her, fingertips pushing under the waistband of her shorts, not wasting any time in moving down through her thatch to the junction of her already parted legs and into the wet furrow between them.
"I can reach you better if you take these off," she murmured around his kiss, rubbing the fabric over his hardness meaningfully. She was sorry to feel his lips and finger retreat, but she used the moment to remove her own shorts before resuming their kiss and welcoming the hand back. "Do you think Bob and Yvette are doing the same thing right now?"
"He was probably all over her before we even got out of the driveway," Tim replied with a chuckle. "But they might be at it again right now, maybe they got a second time in 'em."
"Third," Gwen corrected, lowering her head to his lap. "They did it at the beach."
"Third," Tim agreed. "My bad."
The headlights and noise of the cars that sped by on the road they faced did little to distract Gwen as she imagined the McCallums watching her while she pleased her husband, Bob admiring her skills, Yvette envious of the beautiful dragon and what it was capable of producing. They watched her being pleased as well, the rough finger slowly thrusting in and out of her, watching her grind against the callused palm the invader was attached to, creating a delicious pressure on her mons and clit.
Tim groaned and shivered as she swirled her tongue around the tip before letting her lips slide down the length again. "I'm close, honey, really close..."
"Mm-hmm!" Her hand took over the stroking while her lips formed a seal behind the flare of the sensitive head, ready for his eruption. Fantasy Bob watched with envy as she accepted then swallowed every last drop of Tim's load while Yvette bent to take her own husband's oversized-mushroom head between her lips and duplicate the feat. Gwen shuddered through her orgasm, softly grunting around the spent cock between her lips.
They spent several moments recovering, her head in his lap and his hand between her legs, before Tim finally pulled her up for a kiss. "Two," he said with a tired smile as he released her and reached for his shorts. "We might still be one behind Bob and Yvette."
"And they're probably comfortable in their bed and we're in a parking lot," Gwen reminded him. "Cricket is probably wondering where we are. We can talk about catching up when we get home."
Any fatigue Tim might have felt as he drove was overridden by the sight of Gwen sitting in the gloom with her shorts still on the floor, her legs spread wide, letting the breeze from the open window tickle and dry her wet sex.
Author's postscript: Fair warning. I've never been to a massage parlor other than the one Mrs. Badger occasionally runs (very limited hours of operation; very exclusive client list) I've only heard about them from a "guy who knows a guy." Peaceful Dragon Asian Massage is based solely on what I would imagine it to be like in this story. If you feel the need to correct my errata, understand that I will happily read your comments for future use but will not be going back to amend what I've already written, so...well, you can't say you weren't warned.