My husband and I read Literotica together, often acting out our favorite stories with our own twisted embellishments.
One of our current favorites involves a wife building a private glory hole for her husband in their living room, and as she fills her eager belly with semen, she realizes the pulsating flesh in her throat could belong to another man. The idea of sucking an unknown stranger turns her on even more than the act itself, and she reaches orgasm after orgasm imagining the severe spanking her husband will deliver for her naughty thoughts and actions.
The story I am about to share is not true, but is the result of several nights of our combined fantasy, in which my husband and I imagine we are the couple in the story.
"I would invite a bunch of my friends over," my husband suggests, "and you could go inside the glory hole and suck and swallow us one by one until your belly bursts."
He knows how much I love fellatio!
"You should bend me over your knee and spank me first, with your friends watching," I add, feeling the temperature inside of my moist vagina rise.
The only thing I love as much as fellatio is being spanked!
And so begins our fantasy...
I walk slowly into our living room, where my husband is playing cards with a few of his friends. I am completely naked except for a blind-fold, with my wrists cuffed in front of my smoothly-shaven womanhood. In one hand I hold a string of thirteen anal-beads of various sizes; a clear plastic paddle is in the other. My labia are swollen and protruding from the strenuous masturbation session I just completed to pump up my libido for what I am about to endure, and almost match the color of the purple dildo still lodged within. Although I can see nothing, my female intuition tells me my presence has been duly noted, as all conversation of sports and movies abruptly ceases and an almost overwhelming scent of male lust permeates the air.
Goose-flesh covers my bare skin as humiliation sends a shiver up my spine. They see my swollen labia and know I have been masturbating with my purple dildo. Soon I will be inside of our home-made glory hole, sucking each of these men to multiple orgasms and filling my belly with copious amounts of their hot semen, after being severely spanked by my husband for being such a dirty little girl, my tender red flesh on full display as I lay across his lap and moan around the purple dildo stuffed in my mouth.
Without saying a word, my husband stands and guides me toward our love-seat, where he sits down and removes the dildo from my dripping inferno. I open my mouth submissively and he inserts the phallus, from which I fervently suck my own female secretions, bobbing my head as he slides my toy in and out of my skilled orifice.
"You like that, don't you?" he asks rhetorically.
"Mmm hmmm," I moan, nodding my head and licking my lips as he withdraws my toy, a thin string of saliva and vaginal exudate dripping down my chin.
"You are such a dirty little girl," he says, pushing the purple phallus back into my open mouth.
"Mmm hmmm," I repeat, knowing what happens to naughty, dirty girls.
He takes the string of anal-beads from my hand and asks, "What should we do with these?"
I bend myself over his knee and spread my legs, offering everyone in the room a clear view of my most private orifice as another wave of humiliation causes my naked body to shudder.
One by one, my husband inserts the first twelve anal-beads deep inside of me, filling me in the sexiest way possible and causing a deluge of vaginal secretions to pour from me onto my husband's lap. He teases me with the thirteenth bead, pressing it against my flesh but not entering me with it.
Then he takes the paddle from my other hand, touches it against my backside, and asks, "And what do naughty little girls get for being so dirty and naughty?"
"Thpanked!" I gurgle around the purple dildo, still holding residence in my mouth. Saliva pours from around my toy, which I continue to suck the way I will soon be bringing pleasure to my husband and his friends.
"Spanked?" my husband repeats sternly as he brings the paddle down onto my flesh for the first wonderful sting.
"Yeth," I gurgle and nod as he delivers blow after blow onto my naked backside.
Now, just for the record, I am not one of those women endowed with a round, plump backside, which could absorb a lot of spanks. On the contrary, my slight figure betrays many years of gymnastic training, with barely an ounce of padding to be found anywhere. The paddle easily finds and leaves its mark.
My legs begin to kick involuntarily as the pain and pleasure increase with each spank, and soon I am sobbing uncontrollably as I continue to suck on my purple toy.
This is not my first spanking at the skilled hands of my husband, although it is my first time performing before an audience, and the pain and pleasure each spank delivers, combined with the humiliation I feel, has my vaginal fluids flowing freely. Typically, the first dozen or so spanks hurt enough to bring tears, but as my skin reddens and I get used to the rhythm of the assault, each whack brings me closer and closer to the inevitably intense orgasm I know is brewing deep within my loins. I begin chewing hard on my toy in a way that I would never consider if I was deep-throating actual male flesh, and the heat being produced by the paddle on my naked skin soon sends me spiraling out of control in the throes of ecstasy! At this point I want nothing more than to fill my hungry mouth with a throbbing erection and suck and swallow a gallon of luscious, hot semen! Yet the spankings and my orgasm continue amid my sobbing and drooling.
When he is satisfied that I have been punished and humiliated sufficiently, my husband helps me to my feet, removes the dildo from my mouth and replaces it deeply inside of my yawning vagina, then turns me around so all can witness the deep crimson flesh of my backside. Next, he lowers me to my knees, removes one hand-cuff from in front of my naked body, brings my wrists together behind my back, and reapplies the cuff.
Since I am still blind-folded, I cannot see how many of his friends assist with the next step, but presently I am covered with the appliance box which will serve as our home-made glory hole. The box has four holes cut out at the appropriate height, one on each side, to accommodate my husband and his three friends, and, using my face to feel around the inside of the box the way a blind person uses his hands, I soon find four delicious erections all pointing toward me in need of attention.
Where to begin!
Since I cannot see the objects of my desire, I settle on the one closest to my mouth and hungrily go to work.
If fellatio was a subject taught in school rather than after school, I am convinced I would ace the course! I waste no time skillfully sucking off my first customer, and swallow what seems like a week's-worth of yummy semen! This is obviously not my husband, as I would never let him wait a whole week to ejaculate into my mouth, but the taste is every bit as delicious as my favorite home-brew. I will be back for more of this one, but there are three other willing erections just waiting their turn to pump me full of their precious contents, and mine is the only hungry mouth to feed!
My second conquest reaches orgasm almost as quickly as my first, and fills my mouth and throat with such force, I have to swallow twice just to keep his abundant supply of semen from dripping down my chin and onto my erect nipples! It would be helpful to be able to use my hands, still cuffed behind my back, for something other than manipulating the dildo buried deep inside of my quivering vagina, but I manage to slurp up as much as I can before kissing this second beautiful customer good-bye for now and moving clock-wise to my third eagerly-waiting pound of rigid man-flesh.
As soon as I engulf my next mouthful of incredibly edible flesh, I recognize it as that of my very own husband entering its familiar home, and almost immediately he begins thrusting himself in and out of my throat in a way that tells me he is as turned on by this as I am, if that is possible. I want to make his orgasm last longer than his two predecessors, so I lick the underside, twirl the tip of my tongue around his engorged crown, and bob and slurp ferociously, taking him deep into my throat until my eyes water and then repeating these maneuvers until I can sense that he is on the brink of filling me with an orgasm for the ages. When he finally goes over the edge, my cheeks bulge with the sheer volume of semen he ejaculates, and yet he continues to fill my mouth with rope after thick rope of the most exquisite semen I have tasted in a long time. I nuzzle him lovingly, sucking him like a straw until I am certain not to have missed a single drop of his mouth-watering output.
Continuing to work my way clockwise around our four-sided glory hole, I wrap my lips around the final delight of my first round of fellatio and semen swallowing, and am not disappointed when he plunges himself deeply into my throat and almost immediately begins to ejaculate. If my first conquest gave me what felt like a whole week's-worth of semen, this fourth gave me a month's-worth! I gobble it down hungrily and continue my thorough tongue bath until he is as flaccid as a wet noodle.
With my hands still cuffed behind my back, I adjust the dildo in my vagina as my own orgasmic secretions drip slowly down my inner thighs, then move clockwise to begin my second round of glory hole fellatio. Fortunately my next customer has recovered from his first work-out and is ready to once again, at least temporarily, satisfy my insatiable craving for hot, fresh semen directly from the source.
Having all three of my orifices filled simultaneously, as when I am actively engaged in performing fellatio, with a dildo deep inside of my vagina and a dozen anal-beads stimulating me in ways formerly unknown, makes me feel so dirty and nasty and alive, I lose count of the number of orgasms I achieve inside of that box!
Rounds two and three are just as delightful, as I continue to suck and swallow every delicious drop of semen these four men share with me, although I notice the lapse between penetration and ejaculation increases with each subsequent session. I have several more orgasms as I continue to fill my belly with load after load of hot, luscious semen, more than I have ever swallowed before in a single sitting, or, in this case, kneeling!
As I savor my twelfth mouthful of fresh semen, I know I am surely a nasty, shameless, dirty girl for allowing four men to have their lecherous way with my face and mouth, and another round of severe spankings is just as surely in order, this time across the laps of all four men. That is not to say I am becoming bored with sucking my husband and his friends and swallowing load after load of their yummy semen, but the lure of more spankings soon wins out over my desire to add any more semen to the gallon already sloshing around in my protruding belly.
Without removing my blind-fold, my husband takes my purple dildo out of my drenched vagina and puts it back into my mouth, allowing me to suck and swallow my own secretions from the multiple orgasms I enjoyed while deep-throating four willing customers, then bends me back over his lap and asks, "Are you a naughty, dirty little girl?"
"Yeth," I gurgle and nod around the dildo in my mouth.
"Did you enjoy sucking us and swallowing all of our hot semen?" he asks.
"Yeth!" I exclaim, nodding me head fervently!
"And what do naughty, dirty little girls get?" he asks sternly.
"Thpanked!" I gurgle and drool, feeling the temperature rise between my legs as my next orgasm brews.
For about the next half-hour or so, I am spanked severely by all four men as they take turns bending me over their laps and paddling my flesh to an even deeper shade of crimson red, removing and re-inserting the anal-beads one-by-one between spanking sessions while I sob and spill orgasmic juices indiscriminately. I feel each of their erections pressing into my semen-filled belly as I take my position across their laps for my well-earned spanking, and I leave a wet spot with each orgasm I achieve.
That night in bed, as I lay on my side for obvious reasons, my husband and I discuss some of our other sexual fantasies. I tell him I want to eat a creampie, and he mentions a woman we have seen at the gym who meets both of our approval.
This new sexual fantasy surprises yet intrigues him, since he has never known me to have any lesbian inclinations or experiences. The notion, however, of watching me eat his fresh creampie from another woman's vagina reawakens that which had been dormant, and, with minimal coaxing from me, he rides my hungry mouth to his biggest, most delicious orgasm of the night, and we both fall asleep with his spent member still inside of my mouth.
I sleep peacefully, my mouth filled with the man I love, my belly filled with thirteen loads of semen, and my head filled with dreams of the woman at the gym and my first creampie.
I will share that fantasy another time...