I knew it was a dream because everyone and everything around me was behaving perfectly. It was an ordered universe based upon a simpler, more refined Newtonian physics, minus the jumble of relativity. The planets moved according to the inexorable laws of gravitation and the earth itself stood apart as a splendid sapphire in the black firmament above.
From several million miles away the blue planet looked small but inviting. War had been abolished there many millennia ago and there was no disease, no hate, no chance acts of nature to destroy life and limb because nature herself had been tamed eons ago. In fact, the reason why there was so much loveliness in the world was because my new drug "Perfectus 909" had made everything, well...perfect. And the best thing of all was that penises were of normal size and did not ejaculate more that a tablespoon of semen at best. Plus, their owners no longer suffered the shame and embarrassment of "involuntary ejaculation," so long the bane of the multitude of men. There was no such thing as erectile dysfunction and premature ejaculation, and sex was never better for both men and women. My drug was capable of all these things and more...
My alarm clock rudely woke me up from this dreamy pleasantry. It was now 6:00 AM and, surprisingly, I had slept fairly well considering the constant round of nightmares with which I had recently been plagued.
After I had washed, dressed, and eaten breakfast, I left for the Clinic around 7:30 AM feeling a sense of heightened anticipation coupled with mild apprehension. The logistics of the experiment had been carefully reviewed in my mind and I knew that my entire career was now hanging in the balance. So much was at stake, so many people's lives on the line. I tried to focus my attention on my driving. I had to keep my mind free of any negative thoughts, as these were inimical to rational thinking. And I would need to exercise every bit of reason in order to overcome the giant behemoth of a mystery awaiting me.
I arrived at the Clinic at 8:15 AM to find the place abuzz with people making the final preparations for the experiment. Over the course of the next half hour, I inspected every cubicle and piece of equipment in the lab to make certain that my directions had been carried out precisely as stated. Actually, all the preparations had been made the day before, but I had insisted that every aspect of the procedure be double and triple checked for any possible problems that might arise. I could afford to leave nothing to chance or human error, if at all possible.
"What do you think doctor?" said Lynette, approaching me from behind one of the prefabricated cubicles.
"It's looking good Lynette," I said approvingly. "The video cameras are all set up?"
"Yes, doctor, just as you specified. I have two of my crew who'll be working them from inside the adjoining lab."
"Your girls will most probably not be needed for any security reasons, but I think it wise to keep them on hand if we have an emergency."
Lynette nodded. "I have five girls at your disposal."
"I'll need them. Not to catch criminals, just sperm."
Lynette laughed. "Oh, they're gonna earn their pay today I can see!"
"There will be lots of the white stuff flying around," I said, laughing along with her. "Tell them to wear their plastic raincoats over their uniforms. You too."
"Okay. Should I lay down some plastic sheeting on the floor like we did last time?"
"No. It was more trouble than it was worth. If the girls can keep the beakers steady we shouldn't have a problem."
"I hope not." Her expression suddenly grew somber. "I know what's at stake here doctor. Rebecca told me everything last night. All I can say is, I'm here for you."
"Thank you Lynette," I said with affection. "You've always been a great help to me."
I then told her to prepare to receive the subjects who would be arriving shortly and watched as her powerful yet graceful six-foot frame walked away from me toward the front entrance of the building followed by two other girls from her crew. Of all the people in my employ, with the notable exception of Rebecca, I knew that I could always count on her to come through. It was a comforting thought.
I grabbed a quick cup of tea and went directly to my office where I found Rebecca seated at my desk. Sitting across from her were John Cardelli and his wife Ann, both looking tired and apprehensive. Even despite his apparent fatigue and unkempt appearance, the beauty of his face immediately captured my attention. I think his wife noticed the hint of admiration in my eyes as I gave his body an appreciative, but cursory, examination. She looked at me with disdain, putting out her arm to stop John from rising out of his chair.
"Don't get upset with him," she said to me. "It was my idea to come here early."
"They got here an hour ago," Rebecca said, "just as I arrived. I didn't want to leave them outside...just in case."
"You did the right thing," I said.
Rebecca relinquished her seat at my desk and stood to my right as I sat in the now vacated chair. John looked at me but said nothing. I took a sip of tea and tried to gather my thoughts.
"Why did you disobey my instructions?" I said to Ann.
"I thought he was going to have another one of those ejaculation problems, that's why I had to bring him here. You've got to do something to help him. This is ruining our lives."
I could sense her mounting desperation. John watched me intently but remained silent.
"How are you feeling John?" I asked him.
"How do you think he feels?" Ann interjected. "Look at him. Look what your drug has done!"
"Shut up, Ann." John said suddenly.
"No, she's got to..."
"That's enough!" he shouted.
Ann looked at him surprised and with hurt in her eyes. He kept his head down refusing to look at her.
"I need you both to calm down right now," I said firmly. "I am going to help you, but I will need your full cooperation. Am I understood?"
Ann looked at her husband and seeing him offer no response, she said, "Doctor, you don't know..."
"Am I understood?" I said emphatically.
"Yes," she said, almost as a whisper.
"John? Are you listening?"
Slowly, the handsome man raised his head up, his large green eyes looking misty and distant, giving no hint of what was lurking within.
"I heard you," he said softly.
"I don't mind telling you both that I also am under great stress to find a cure for this problem," I began. "Many others are suffering from the same symptoms you have John, and if a solution is not soon forthcoming their lives, too, will be compromised. Not to mention my own career and the fate of this Clinic."
Cheryl popped her head in the door just then.
"They're starting to arrive now doctor," she said.
"Thank you. Go back and help Maria. Rebecca will join you shortly."
Cheryl darted off.
I turned to Rebecca. "I want you to escort Mr. and Mrs. Cardelli to the room we've prepared for him. I'll meet you back in the lab in ten minutes. Our colleagues should be arriving shortly and they will need to be prepped."
"Understood."
John and Ann rose simultaneously, but he continued to stare absentmindedly around the room.
"Have you had breakfast, either of you?" I asked them.
"I did, but he refuses to eat," Ann replied.
"John," I said. "After you have had a chance to clean up I would like you to take some breakfast. If you don't eat, I'll make certain that my assistant Lynette feeds you herself. You remember her don't you?"
"I'll make sure he eats something," Ann said, putting her hand in his.
"Very well. I'll meet you both in the lab in about an hour. My assistants will take care of all your needs in the meantime."
Rebecca escorted the two of them out of my office. What John was feeling I could not imagine. His expression was one of preoccupation bordering on incoherence, and it seemed to me that he was wrestling with some problem that defied solution. I sympathized with him, as I, myself, faced a similar quagmire. But I could not afford to linger on their mutual discomfort, as I knew there would be many others who would be demanding my attention in a very short while.
After all the subjects had arrived and were being attended to by my staff, I went to the conference room to meet with Rebecca and the three doctors who would be assisting me. I found them sitting around the conference table drinking coffee and trading jokes.
Upon seeing me, all the women grew silent at once, only Michelle venturing to speak.
"This is not an autopsy Christiana. Why the long face?"
"I think you know why."
"As your friend I'm going to give you one word of advice: get rid of it. Your patients won't appreciate your crabbiness and neither will we. Snap out of it."
I was not in the mood to argue with her, knowing her intent to be well meaning.
"All right. I'll try," I said, forcing a smile.
"That's better," she said, pleased at my attempt. "Now say good-morning to Sheila and Jennifer."
"Ladies..." I said, acknowledging them.
"Everything is going to work out fine Christiana," Sheila said. "There's no need to despair."
"I can hardly wait to get my hands on that big, black man!" Jennifer exclaimed suddenly. "What's his name?"
"Barney Cole," Rebecca answered.
"Oh yes, 'Big Barney'" she giggled. The man with the amazing prick."
A dreamy look came over her face. The rest of us looked at her as though she belonged in a girl's locker room instead of a medical clinic.
"For Christ's sake Jennifer!" Michelle said, "You talk about this man as though he were a piece of meat."
Jennifer remained unperturbed. "Well, isn't it...I mean, he?"
She started laughing at her own joke and soon all the girls were laughing right along with her.
"I knew I made a mistake asking you to take part in this thing," I said, trying to stifle a chuckle.
Jennifer laughed all the more. "Oh come on Christiana. Let it out."
Despite myself, I started to laugh.
"That's it! Look girls she's laughing!"
Once again, my friends had found a way to alleviate my natural inclination toward the saturnine. I laughed long and hard.
"You have to admit it Chris," Sheila said. "He does possess one hell of a kielbasa!"
"She should know," Michelle chimed in. "She gave it a few good pulls herself!"
"I'm jealous!" said Jennifer.
The merriment soon subsided as we got down to business. It was nearing 10:00 AM and I had Rebecca go over all the procedures we would be following during the course of the experiment, making certain that each woman knew exactly what to do. After everyone had been briefed, I asked if there were any last-minute questions before we headed for the lab.
"I only have one question," Michelle said. "Whatever became of that dwarf with the elephantine scrotum and that little Latino asshole Luis?"
"From what Bonnie told me, Joey Balls is out of the country. She doesn't know where he's headed."
"To hell I hope," Rebecca said.
"As for Luis...God only knows."
"He gave you a lot of trouble, I understand," Jennifer said.
"Yeah," said Rebecca, "that's the thanks she got for trying to help the son of a bitch."
"All right," I said. "Let's not dwell on the past. It's time. Let's go to work."
The women followed me into the lab. There waiting for us were all the subjects and their significant others. Each of the men was dressed in medical gowns. I saw my sister Bonnie and her husband Philip talking by themselves in one corner of the lab. It appeared as if she were reprimanding him for something.
Jeffrey Ames and his wife Priscilla were locked in an embrace, she offering him words of encouragement. John and Ann Cardelli sat on one of the couches near the far exit, each absorbed with their own thoughts. Not far from them Stuart Borg and his girlfriend Denise were cracking jokes with one another, lifting up various paraphernalia in an attempt to discern the purpose of each.
I saw Adam Hildebrand, the extremely handsome 19-year-old boy, engaged in an animated conversation with Lynette. I could tell she was enamored of the young man by the way she often drew close to him as he spoke, touching his arm every so often and reminding him that only a few weeks ago she had performed a very intimate act upon him. And there, standing on a raised, circular, metal disk—what I loosely termed a "milking platform"—was the black beauty himself, Barney Cole, looking every bit the part of a champion muscleman. His smallish wife Janine sat on a chair next to him, her legs stretched out before her. She was wearing the same bored expression as the day I first met her.
"Somebody seems to be missing here," I said to Rebecca.
"If you're referring to Craig Lundquist, he's right over there."
She pointed to a changing screen a short way off to my left. Someone was standing behind it because a man's shadow was partially discernible.
"Craig Lundquist?" I shouted.
A handsome, boyish face sprang into view from behind the screen.
"Right here Dr. Swensen!" he called back. "I had to adjust a couple of things."
Cheryl looked at me and chuckled. She pointed to her own genital area as if to indicate that Craig was adjusting none other than his own privates. He soon came out from behind the screen and began to mill about the cubicles, asking Maria and Cheryl all kinds of questions about the nature of the experiment. Both girls seemed delighted by all the attention he was showering upon them.
Satisfied that everyone was now present and accounted for, I asked Lynette and her crew to assemble everyone together so that I could make some announcements. In a few moments they formed a loosely knit group, Bonnie and Philip standing arm and arm in the center only several feet away from me and my colleagues.
"Everything's in order Dr. Swensen," Lynette said, as she approached me. "Here are your notes."
She handed me a sheet of paper.
"Thank you."
I quickly looked over the paper and then began.
"First of all, I would like to introduce to you my colleagues Dr. Michelle Olson, Dr. Sheila Ford, and Dr. Jennifer Barlow. Most of you already know Rebecca. They are here today to help me conduct this follow-up experiment. I don't need to tell you that "EJAX-472 has been acting erratically. Some of you have been experiencing an involuntary ejaculation response and up to this time I have not been able to isolate the cause. I'm hoping today's tests will shed some light on this problem."
Ann Cardelli stared at me intently.
"You're hoping?" she asked incredulously. "Are you saying you have no clue?"
"There is, I believe, a link between the level of testosterone and the production of semen induced by EJAX-472. It's just a theory at this point, but the tests should reveal some relevant information that may lead to a cure."
"And what happens if this test is just a waste of time?" she said angrily. "What are we going to do then? Can you get my husband back his job? Can you?"
"Dr. Swensen is going to do everything she can to help your husband and everyone else here," Rebecca said. "You've got to give her a chance."
She turned to her husband. "I don't think we can trust these people John. We should go and see your own doctor. Maybe he can help us."
"No," he said quietly.
"John, please!"
"There's nothing he can do!" he snapped.
John looked at me and for the first time I saw a spark on life in his eyes. "I kept quiet about the drug because I knew that if the police found out about it, my chances—all of our chances—would be shot to hell. I think I can speak for all of us when I say that we trusted you once, and you helped us. Now, we have no choice but to trust you again. Just don't let us down."
He hung his head down and stared at the floor. No one said a word, not even his disgruntled wife, who now, amazed herself that he had spoken as he did, tried to comfort him.
"I promise you John, I promise all of you," I said, "that I will not stop until I find a solution to this problem. I give you my word on that."
"Your word is good enough for me doc," Stuart said.
"Me too," Jeffrey added.
The rest of the men nodded in agreement. Bonnie gave me a warm smile, hugging Philip closer to her.
"That may be allyouneed," Janine said to Stuart, "but I ain't gonna be happy until I see some results."
"We're all gonna see some results baby," Barney said to his wife. "But we gotta give the doctor a chance to do her thing. All right?"
"Whatever you say. But she better do it fast 'cause I don't want you goin' out the house thinkin' you're gonna have one of them jerkin' off attacks."
"But so far your husband hasn't suffered from that," I said, ignoring the bluntness of her remark.
"Some of these other men have," she said.
"That is exactly why we are here today. The issue we face is not so muchifinvoluntary ejaculation is going to occur, butwhen. Your husband is not immune. He produces testosterone like every other man, and that chemical is the catalyst for EJAX-472."
"Well, then maybe guys who have a higher testosterone level in their bloodstream are going to show these symptoms first, right doctor?" Jeffrey remarked.
"No. The level of testosterone is only one factor, and that's the problem. Without going into all the medical details, I can tell you that it's going to be a painstaking process to find a cure. And eventually, when the effects of EJAX-472 are completely eliminated from your bodies, your individual sexual dysfunctions will return."
"Jesus Christ doc," Stuart bellowed. "Denise and I are getting married next month and we want to have a baby. Your drug is the only thing that can make that possible short of adopting a kid, and neither of us wants to go that route."
"I sympathize, believe me. That is why it is imperative that we get to work right away. Life without the drug would be bad enough, but life with a drug whose effects you cannot control would be far worse. That is why I need your full cooperation. My staff is going to take over now and help all of you get prepared. I would like everybody else to sit in the observation area. Let's get started."
As the men were being escorted to their respective cubicles, I had Lynette admit the group of women observers into the lab. There were several rows of chairs positioned on two elevated platforms, allowing the women a completely unobstructed view of the subjects and the examination area. Jill, Sheila's daughter, seated herself next to her girlfriend Laura, and for a time Sheila spoke with them. The rest of the audience was composed of colleagues of mine from Stockholm University who had not had the chance to witness the first experiment. As my staff began taking each subject's blood pressure, I took the opportunity to provide an overview of the experiment to the group.
"I'd like to thank all of you for coming today," I began. "As some of you already know, my experimental drug EJAX-472 has not been performing as it should. In some cases, several subjects have been experiencing involuntary ejaculation wherein the influx of vast amounts of sperm into the testicles occurs accompanied by an extremely heightened sense of pleasure in the brain. Normal sensory inhibitors are blocked and the need to masturbate overrides any and all physical and psychological barriers. The subject literally becomes subservient to the drug."
"Are any of these men taking the drug now?" asked Sylvia Bjorn, a geneticist friend of mine from the University.
"No. It's been a full week since they took their last dosage."
"What was the dosage doctor?" said an unfamiliar-looking woman in the second row.
"I don't recognize you," I said looking her over. "Who are you?"
The woman was about 40 years old and very thin. Her face was long and her features irregular. Her light brown hair was arranged in a bun, and she reminded me of an old school mistress who looked like she belonged in a nineteenth century one-room schoolhouse rather than in a modern medical clinic. The most striking thing about her was her long, hooked nose, which looked like the beak of a bird of prey.
"You invited me," she said with a hint of sarcasm. "Don't tell me you don't remember me."
I stared at her for several seconds but the face, as singularly unattractive as it was, brought back no recollection.
"I'm sorry, I don't."
She sighed with displeasure. "I am Dr. Millicent Beechcroft, professor of the department of human bioengineering at Harvard University. Does that name ring a bell?"
She said it in such a condescending way that I felt an immediate dislike toward the woman. However, I did remember the name.
"Yes, I know who you are. I had invited you to attend my first experiment but you refused. I think you called it a 'freak show' if I remember correctly?"
She smiled uncomfortably. "So I did. But I have since renewed my interest in your studies with this drug and that's why I am here. I explained all this to one of your assistants, who, after she had verified that I was who I said I was, graciously admitted me. I'm sorry if I crashed your party doctor."
"Not at all," I said, fighting to suppress a scowl. "May I ask what exactly rekindled your interest in my work for you to have come all the way from America?"
She tilted her head to one side and blinked her eyes a few times as if in pain. I thought she was going to peck at me.
"I'm here to discredit you," she said smugly.
I, and everyone else in the audience, reacted to this statement with outright shock—that is, everyone except Bonnie.
"Oh, boy!" she said waving a dismissive hand in Dr. Beechcroft's direction, "Shades of Jane Nordstrom all over again!"
"You're here to discredit me?" I asked, outraged. "May I ask who appointed you to that task?"
"No one appointed me," she said haughtily. "I learned of your work from a mutual acquaintance at your university here. After investigating some of your claims I took it upon myself to try and pull the plug on this useless and dangerous experiment you are conducting with these human guinea pigs."
"Jesus Christ!" Bonnie exclaimed. "If I were you sis, I'd kick this ugly little bitch in the balls!"
"I don't have balls," Dr. Beechcroft replied, sourly.
"You should have!" Bonnie said angrily. "What gives you the right to sit in judgment over my sister?"
Again, the ungainly woman grimaced. "The same right that every free person has to express his or her opinions and beliefs. This is a free country isn't it?"
Bonnie shrugged. "You Americans think you own the fucking world! Yes, we Swedes believe in free speech just as much as you do, but we don't get off trying to create the world in our image. My sister worked on this project for many years with the hopes that she would be able to help people. She's an accomplished scientist and doctor who has many more honors to her name than you will ever see in your lifetime. I would strongly advise you to treat her with respect or get the hell out now!"
"That's enough Bonnie," I said.
"I'm sorry sis," she replied. "But this is inexcusable."
In all my life I had never seen my older sister so livid. She had taken it upon herself to come to my defense as she had done innumerable times in the past when she felt my integrity was threatened. Her vicious attack upon the now startled and speechless Beechcroft was no doubt fueled by the doctor's offensive attitude toward me, but it was the fact that the woman tried to pass herself off as our superior that had really made Bonnie so infuriated.
By this time Lynette had arrived with several of her crew, eager to discover the nature of the disturbance. Rebecca followed close behind.
Bonnie had expressed sentiments that would have sounded like bragging from me, and although somewhat embarrassed by her outburst, I was glad she told the woman off.
"Is this person giving you a problem Dr. Swensen?" Lynette asked, eyeing Beechcroft suspiciously.
"I don't know," I replied, studying the odd-looking creature. "Are you going to be a problem, doctor?"
Her need to remain and observe the proceedings seemed to supercede any further attempt at rash conduct. I didn't have to wait long for her reply.
"I apologize for my...my..."
"Rudeness and arrogance?" Bonnie interjected.
"Yes, I apologize for that. It was wrong of me to attack you doctor. I'm sorry. I would like to stay if you will allow me to."
I nodded to Lynette to resume her duties and she and her staff walked off. Rebecca saw that I was still upset and gave Beechcroft an unfriendly glance.
"This woman is a bitch," she said to me softly. "Why do you want her to stay?"
"If nothing more than to prove her wrong," I replied. "How are the subjects doing?"
"Blood pressure results for all the men are normal. We're just waiting for your word to begin."
"Give me two minutes."
Rebecca rejoined the others. Bonnie smiled at me and gave me a "thumbs up" sign to let me know that she was back to being her normal effervescent self.
"I have discovered that there is a unique correlation between the drug and the amount of testosterone available in the body at any given time," I said, addressing the group. "But this correlation is only one factor in the overall scheme and doesn't explain the incidence of recurring and insistent masturbation. The genetic code written into the drug seems to have mutated—something it never should have done. What I am attempting here today is to discover why the gene replicated itself, in effect, producing a series of abnormal gene sequences that have overwritten my original code. I ask that all of you remain seated and to please not interfere. This study should go no longer than a few hours. Thank you for your indulgence."
I looked once more at Beechcroft. She gave me a polite if not glacial smile and began writing something in the notebook she kept on her lap. She was dressed in a two-piece black outfit that seemed to accentuate her rather stern appearance, and her presence was just another reminder to me that I would either have to conquer this problem or be subdued by it. The fact that she did not have much credibility in my work was a rather audacious presumption on her part, but it was a disturbing blow to my ego nonetheless. Bonnie must have been reading my mind because she discreetly pointed at Beechcroft and smirked.
"Don't worry about her," she said. "Everything is going to go just fine."
"I hope so," I said.
Jill and Laura were all smiles as they wished me good luck.
"Let us know if you need us Dr. Swensen," Jill chirped.
"We'll be happy to help out," Laura added.
"Thank you girls. If I need you, I'll let you know."
With that I turned my back on them and headed toward the cubicles.
The seven units were arranged in a semicircle in the middle of the floor, each cubicle containing a reclining bed and assorted paraphernalia. Rebecca, Michelle, Sheila, and Jennifer had finished their preliminary examinations of the subjects, calling upon Maria and Cheryl to assist as needed. Each of the men was relaxing comfortably on their recliners conversing with themselves and my team as they awaited my orders. Craig Lundquist occupied the leftmost cubicle, and I was not surprised to find Cheryl by his side, seemingly enchanted by the young man's obvious charm. To his left was Jeffrey Ames followed by Adam Hildebrand, John Cardelli, Stuart Borg, my brother-in-law Philip, and finally, Barney Cole, who was trying to get his wife's attention by thrusting his mid-section up and down, humping the air. He finally got her to look and broke out in a huge grin. She gave him a desultory look.
"Okay, let's begin," I said. "Although most of you have been off the drug for roughly a week or so, the concentration of EJAX-472 is still at its peak. The blood samples we took from all of you just after you arrived have shown this to be true. What we need to do now is to procure a sperm sample from all of you for comparison purposes. Before you ejaculate I want to measure each one of your penises to see if there have been any changes since the last time."
"What kind of changes doc?" Stuart asked.
"Changes in girth, length."
Adam chuckled. "No matter how wider or longer we might get, Barney over there is still going to be the King Cock!"
"You got that right young man!" Barney laughed.
"Your testicles will also have to be examined for any changes."
"My balls have always been huge Dr. Swensen," Jeffrey said, on the verge of cracking up. "Wanna feel 'em?"
The whole room broke out in simultaneous laughter.
"No thank you. I can see it for myself."
"What do you want us to do Christiana?" Philip asked.
"Okay. Does everybody see the mechanical hand by your bed? We are going to use "Mechanical Mary," as I call it, to help bring you gentlemen to orgasm."
All the men heaved a collective sigh of disappointment."Oh, you've got be kidding doc!" Stuart complained.
"I know it isn't going to be as exciting as having our lovely assistants masturbate you, but I need to give the girls a break. All of you come forward and the ladies will assist you."
Rebecca had all the men stand in a line facing the audience and were then ordered to disrobe. Gasps of delight issued from the group of women as each man's body was exposed for their inspection. Even the repulsive Dr. Beechcroft stopped writing in her notebook to take a good look at the attractive array of male flesh on display. The men were then given a small dab of lube and were told to begin masturbating themselves. In less than a minute each man had succeeded in producing a full erection. I then had my assistants help each man attach the mechanical hand to his penis. Some of the men complained that it was demeaning to be masturbated in such a fashion, but I was adamant that this first in a series of orgasms be produced without the aid of human hands in order to keep the excitement level as low as possible. In this way, each man could relax and let his orgasm evolve naturally without attaching any emotion to the process, which would have been the case had the women of my team done the work. I was also curious as what results my investment in these devices would produce.
"Are all the devices securely attached?" I asked the men.
Everyone affirmed that they were.
"Lynette, move your girls into position please."
Lynette directed her five girls to take the glass beakers and place them before the men. They would be soon be used in order to catch each man's ejaculate. Seeing she was short two girls, I ordered Maria and Cheryl to each take a beaker.
"You told me I wouldn't have to do this again," Maria whined. "You promised."
"Oh, stop complaining Maria," Cheryl said, as she motioned for the girl standing in front of Craig to move away.
"No, she's right. I did promise you didn't I Maria?"
Suddenly I heard voices jittering behind me.
"I'll do it!" Jill exclaimed.
I looked at Sheila. "It's up to you."
"Let her do it Chris," Sheila said. "My daughter loves watching guys shoot their loads."
"Like mother, like daughter," I said with a chuckle.
I ordered Jill to pick up a beaker and stand in front of Adam Hildebrand whom I could tell she was already developing a crush on. The boy smiled at her, his modest erection bobbing in anticipation. Laura, however, looked disappointed.
"If you want to come up and help out, that's fine by me Laura," I said.
"Yes!" she replied with a big smile as she jumped out of her seat and ran towards Jill and Adam.
"If you gentlemen will notice, there is a small black button at the base of the wrist. On my mark you will press the button and it will activate the hand. You will feel a slight vibration effect coupled with a slow and gentle up and down motion of the fingers. Once you have pressed the button keep your hands to your sides and let the device do the work. Ladies, when the time comes, make sure to keep the beakers held parallel to the penis to avoid getting sperm on yourselves or the floor. You will notice that the long neck on these beakers is meant to be positioned directly in front of the penis so that just the head can be allowed inside. All right, gentlemen, you may begin now."
As each of the seven mechanical hands were turned on, the room resonated with an eerie low hum. I myself had never seen the devices in action, so it came as quite a surprise when the latex fingers slowly closed around each penis and began to move up and down in an accordion-like fashion. It was actually very amusing to see these disembodied hands stroke each man's prick; the red nails adding a touch of realism to an already lifelike appendage.
As the hands did their work, I kept my eyes on Craig, John, and Philip. Outside of Luis and Joey Balls, these three men were the only ones who had experienced involuntary ejaculation. I wondered if they would suffer an attack even now. It was certainly possible. In any event, the sperm of these three men was very important to me. Once it was compared to the sperm of the other men who had not suffered involuntary ejaculation, a solution might present itself. It was my belief that my original studies had been correct: testosterone level plus the unknown, orx-factor, would be the key to unlocking this mystery.
Once all the men achieved full erection I had them remove the mechanical hands from their penises. They were reluctant to comply, as they all seemed to thoroughly enjoy this unusual form of stimulation. Barney was especially intrigued by the device, even giving it the nickname "Jilly Jerker" as he proudly displayed his enormous erection to the admiring girl in front of him.
"I bet you're still thinkin' about this fine piece of meat since the last time, eh girl?" he said to Lynette, who was standing alongside the girl.
"I think you'd better shut your mouth and not talk that way in front of your wife," she replied amused, but slightly embarrassed.
"Oh, I'm just teasin'. Just teasin', that's all!" he said amiably.
He rolled his hips back and forth causing his cock to swing from side to side. Lynette just shook her head and laughed.
"That thing should be kept under lock and key," she said.
"Girls," I said. "I want you to take your rulers and calipers and measure each man's penile length and girth. Then we can reattach the hands."
As the girls started to perform this function, I noticed that Craig was a little bit shy at having his penis examined by Cheryl. I didn't understand his modesty at first since he had been so uninhibited during his performance at Bonnie's birthday party. But judging by the way he looked at her, I think he was infatuated with the dark-haired beauty, and now wanted to present himself in a different light other than the way he was being portrayed.
"You're not nervous are you Craig?" Cheryl said to him as she gently placed the ruler under his penis.
"A little bit."
"Why? Are you afraid you won't measure up?" she said jokingly.
He laughed. "No. It's just that...I find you so beautiful."
Cheryl's face lit up just then, but she managed to maintain her professionalism. "Well, I find you very handsome. Does that make you a little less nervous?"
He nodded in reply. "I liked you the first time I saw you," he admitted as she recorded his measurement on her notepad.
"Nine inches," she said pertly. "I liked you too. Couldn't you tell?"
"I wasn't sure."
"Really?" she said reaching for the calipers, "I thought it was obvious. You guys can be pretty dense sometimes."
"I guess so."
I watched the two of them continue their conversation with interest. His casual, honest, and kind-hearted manner endeared him to me, and Cheryl was completely under his spell. She laughed at every one of his jokes and allowed him to touch her shoulders as she measured him. Maria stood on the opposite side of Cheryl, holding Craig steady as his measurements were being taken. Their combined effect upon him was a calming one, and knowing that his affections for Cheryl were returned did a great deal to help put him in a relaxed state.
"Somebody get a yardstick for Big Barney!" Adam suddenly said, looking over at the big man.
"What's the problem Lynette?" I asked, seeing that the girl was having difficulty taking the big man's measurements.
"The ruler's too small doctor," she replied.
"Of course it's too small woman," Barney said chuckling. "What you have here is the super deluxe, king-size version of what that boy over there," he said pointing to Adam, "only dreams about."
I noticed Philip staring at Barney's huge prick as it bobbed up and down with a life all its own. He had a hungry look in his eyes and it seemed to me that his recent forced homosexual encounter with Luis Hernandez and Joey Balls must have unlocked some hitherto secret desire within him of which he was only dimly aware. From across the room, Bonnie noticed this too and smiled mischievously.
"A big dick needs a big stick!" Jeffrey shouted.
"Yeah!" said Stuart. "Get the man the big rule for the big tool!"
This remark had everyone in the lab laughing, except for Dr. Beechcroft. The expression on her face was one of apparent disdain for what must have appeared to her a very unprofessionally conducted lab test.
"Okay," I said loudly. "That's quite enough everyone. I don't want this turning into a juvenile free for all. Lynette, use the tape measure on Barney."
Lynette handed the girl her tape measure and she proceeded to measure him from base to tip.
"Is King Cock any bigger than he was the last time?" Adam joked.
Lynette bent down to look at the numbers on the tape. "Holy shit," she said to Barney. "You put on another whole inch!"
"Oh fuck!" Adam shrieked. "Did you guys hear that? Another inch added to an already monster-sized cock! How long is it now?"
"Sixteen inches exactly," Lynette said, holding the tape before her so that all could see.
"I don't think there's a man on record having a penis that size," Jennifer said, eyeing Barney's prick with lust.
"Let me take a look at that," Rebecca said, running over to the black man.
She examined him a second time and verified the results. "It's true Christiana. I took his original measurements two weeks ago. He's added another full inch."
"You mean EJAX-472 has added another full inch," I said, surprised.
"Yeowee!" Barney cried. "Is this possible? I mean I don't feel any different. Are you ladies sure about this? Jesus!"
"What about the girth?" I asked.
Rebecca applied the calipers to Barney's cock and gave a loud whistle. "Three and one half inches wide! That's a full half inch since last time!"
"This is incredible!" Jennifer exclaimed. "May I see for myself?"
Without waiting for a reply she rushed over to Barney and took all the measurements over again. Her excitement over his apparent gain in genital stature transferred itself to him, and he watched her with amusement as she busied herself in his nether region, feeling his balls and penis and all the areas around it with great interest. Michelle and Sheila, who had been sitting out the preliminaries, both got up at the same time to see for themselves what it was that had excited their colleague so much.
"I can't wrap my fist around it," Jennifer said, as her little hands tried unsuccessfully to encircle the thick, ebony pole.
"Here, let me," Michelle said, as she took Jennifer's place. "Wow! Just barely!"
"This is quite extraordinary Christiana," Sheila said, casually examining Barney's penis. "Your drug is almost behaving like a growth hormone."
No sooner had the words left her lips than Dr. Beechcroft started to laugh derisively.
"Where did you get your medical degree?" she said to Sheila. "In a cereal box?"
This venom-laced remark, completely uncalled for, caused everyone in the lab to turn his or her full attention upon the impudent woman. Sheila looked at Dr. Beechcroft steely-eyed and then looked at me, unsure if she should offer a retort. While she vacillated I took up the gauntlet.
"You promised me that you were going to behave yourself, Dr. Beechcroft," I said. "Why do you find it necessary to insult my colleagues?"
"Forgive me if I overstepped my bounds,doctor"—she said 'doctor' in a patronizing tone while looking at Sheila—"but from my own studies conducted on your drug it is impossible for it to cause any appreciable and sustained change in penile size." She pointed to Barney. "To say that this subject's penis has lengthened due to the drug's influence is as ridiculous as your theory of involuntary ejaculation."
What began as a defense of my friend now took on a more personal flavor as she made it clear that she was going to attack me as well. Bonnie was going to say something to her, but because the issue dealt with scientific matters that she could only dimly comprehend, she wisely held back this time, waiting for me to respond.
"I wish to remind you once again Dr. Beechcroft that, despite your lofty academic credentials, you are here solely at my discretion. And that I, at any time, can have you removed from these premises."
"You have that right of course," she replied tersely.
"I made it clear to you and everyone who has chosen to observe that you were not to interfere with this experiment without my consent. Yet, you have chosen to disregard my wishes and have gone out of your way to insult not only me, but my colleagues as well. My question to you is: why? If you are seeking to debunk my theories you are free to do so, but on your own time. Do not interfere again. And do not insult me or the other doctors here. Are we understood on this point?"
"I have a right to express my opinion based upon the findings I have made. I do not apologize for that."
"You purposely insulted my colleague," I said. "It's one thing to express an opinion. It's quite another to cloak that opinion in an offensive remark. I will not tolerate it."
"I want to say something here, Dr. Swensen," Craig said, suddenly.
I was taken a bit off guard by the young man's request, but welcomed the interruption.
"What do you wish to say?" I asked him.
He turned to Beechcroft. "I want to say is that this involuntary ejaculation thing is true. It happened to me and a few other guys here. So before you call Dr. Swensen a liar you should keep an open mind. Isn't that what scientists are supposed to do?"
"Bravo 'bro!" Barney exclaimed. "That's tellin' her!"
"So you claim," she said to Craig, almost as a rebuke. "But my studies on the drug do not confirm this theory, young man. I think you simply suffer from a hyperactive sex drive."
Now several of the men and some members of the audience were starting to get riled. Sheila, finally finding an opportunity, went on the offensive.
"You're not content to insult the doctors in attendance, but you also have to insult the patients too, I see. Well, that may be the way you behave back in America, but in this country it is the sign of a uncultured person."
This statement was greeted with a round of cheers from all.
"And on top of that," Sheila continued, "what makes you think you know everything about this drug when its own creator can't explain why it is behaving the way it does?"
"I only offer my findings for your scrutiny," Beechcroft replied coldly. "I did not say that I know everything about the drug, only that the claims made for it are not substantiated or consistent with the evidence on hand."
"Then why don't you shut your mouth and sit down and then maybe the doctors can give you some evidence," said Janine, much to everyone's surprise.
She hadn't said it in a nasty way but Beechcroft glowered at Barney's wife nonetheless, her mouth set in a frown.
"Excuse me, 'doctor'," she said with thinly veiled malice, "I thought you had something relevant to say."
Barney quickly jumped in. "Hey, don't you go insultin' my wife!"
"You really are an asshole Dr. Fuckcroft, do you know that?" Bonnie finally blurted out, unable any longer to hide her frustration.
Rebecca looked at me and threw her hands up in disgust. "Get rid of her Chris. She's ruining everything!"
Even Michelle, who had been quietly witnessing the proceedings, urged me to have the nuisance removed.
"This is your show," she said, "not hers."
More heated words were exchanged between Beechcroft and the audience with the subjects also finding it necessary to fling their unscientific opinions in the argumentative woman's face. Several barbs about her personal appearance were made and she countered by poking fun at the apparent shortcomings of the men's penises, saying that Barney was the only 'real' man among them. This prompted even the good-natured Craig to lose his composure, commenting that his nine-inch prick was more than adequate to stuff down her throat and shut her up.
Eventually it all boiled down to a shouting match, and I had to resort to having Lynette set off the fire alarm in order to get their attention. By this time all the men were quite angry at the insolent bitch from Harvard and were demanding blood. The women in the audience who had tried to reason with her and failed, sat silently in their seats waiting to see what I would do.
"Dr. Beechcroft," I began, "you have shown me and my colleagues no respect. Therefore I am not going to show you any. Lynette, throw this woman out, and you have my permission to use whatever force necessary to remove her from the premises."
My trusted black Amazon moved quickly to where the troublemaker sat. Beechcroft looked at the tall security officer with fear, already starting to move away to avoid being touched.
"What are you afraid of doctor?" she said to me with a trembling voice. "Afraid that I may expose you for the fraud you really are?"
Before Lynette could reach her, Bonnie sprung up out of her chair in a flash, climbing over two other women in order to get to Beechcroft.
"You fucking bitch!" she screamed at the frightened doctor. "I'm going to tear your tongue out of your fucking head!"
Before Bonnie could get at the woman, Lynette had pulled her away safely out of my angry sister's reach.
"Throw the asshole out!" Bonnie screamed. "Throw her out before I kill her!"
"And if she don't do it," Barney said, referring to Lynette, "I'll do it for you doc!"
"Yeah, get the fuck out of here you stupid bitch!" Stuart yelled. "Go back to Harvard!"
Some of the women now too, especially Janine, were trying to get at Beechcroft, having taken all the verbal abuse they could withstand. Lynette frantically called on her girls to help keep the maddened woman at bay. Relinquishing their positions by the men, five of her crew rushed to her aid, managing to put themselves between Janine, several others including Ann and Denise, and Beechcroft. Cheryl and Jill moved closer to me, both girls visibly upset. Even my three colleagues were hard at it, flinging insults at the terrified American, and threatening worse to come. It was pandemonium.
Amidst all this confusion one woman had managed to retain her composure. Trying to shout over the din she kept repeating the words "look!" over and over again and pointed in the direction of the naked men. While all our attention was being focused on Beechcroft's forced expulsion from the lab, it was Priscilla Ames who first noticed the transition that was taking place right before our eyes. She rose up from her seat and looked straight at me screaming to be heard. Bonnie, who was sitting next to Priscilla, now also got up from her chair and began shouting for me to look behind me.
As I turned my head I beheld the face of John Cardelli, its natural beauty now transformed into some hideous parody of itself as his hands worked feverishly on his penis. John, who had remained uninvolved with the altercation from the beginning, now displayed almost demon-like speed as his right hand flew up and down his shaft while he cupped his sperm-laden balls with the other. It seemed as if his entire body was on fire. He jerked his cock this way and that, as if trying to force an ejaculation. Suddenly I noticed that the room had grown quiet, as all eyes were now focused on the frantic masturbator.
"Oh my God!" Ann cried. "It's happening again!"
There was no doubt about it. The involuntary ejaculation response was now taking control of John's body, and all he could do was look helplessly at his wife and the rest of us as he was compelled to fulfill its directive.
"Ow!" Lynette hollered suddenly, letting go of her captor. "You fool!"
Beechcroft had taken advantage of the interruption by kicking Lynette in the shins. She ran down the steps onto the platform where the men were standing, avoiding the arms of my crew who were trying to intercept her. As she came off the landing she tripped and fell flat on her face before me. I reached down and pulled her up by her hair.
"You want evidence Dr. Beechcroft?" I said, nearly spitting the words in her face. "Look no further!"
As I said this I yanked her head back and flung her spindly little body forward so hard that she came crashing down face first directly in front of John Cardelli's 10-inch weapon. She lay breathing heavily on the floor in front of the distracted man, looking all the while like a rag doll with the stuffing knocked out of her. Both Cheryl and Jill made a motion to aid the fallen woman, but I restrained them both with a warning glance.
"Stay back!" I ordered, sensing that John was now on the verge of giving up his white-hot seed.
The other men backed away too, seeking protection behind the walls of their respective cubicles.
The expression on John's face was a combination of extreme agitation and absolute bliss. I had noticed from the very beginning of the test that he appeared to be preoccupied and visibly distressed. When I questioned him about his apparent apathy he assured me that it was just attributable to his mood. I should have seen through his artifice. But in my desire to find a solution to his problem, I neglected to delve deeper into the cause of his depression. Little did I know at that time the magnitude of his neuroses, and how significant a role it would play in helping me to find the answer to the missing part of the EJAX-472 equation.
"Oh! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" he screamed, as his fist now became a blur.
And then I heard a very soft moan that began in the pit of his stomach and worked its way up into his throat until his body could no longer contain the expulsive force within.
"I'm fucking cumming!" was all he could say as his body went completely rigid.
Dr. Beechcroft raised her head slowly, trying to regain her equilibrium. She had heard John's exclamation but she was too late to do anything other than look on in amazement, her thin-lipped mouth gaping in awe at the monstrous prick that was only a few feet in front of her, already starting to release its creamy burden.
On his last upstroke he cried out again, as the first sticky jet of hot cum sailed up and outward away from his body and into the air. Beechcroft followed the spectacular trajectory as it washed over her head, portions of his offering falling about her in pearly drops before the main onslaught splashed into a coffee machine over 20 feet away. She tried to get up but her legs gave way under her just as John fired off a successive array of hot spunk that found its way into her hair, face, and lower body. The force of the ejaculations prevented her from getting up, so she could only hold her outstretched hands in front of her face while using her legs to propel herself backwards out of the way of the oncoming barrage.
"That's real nice John!" Barney exclaimed upon seeing the miserable woman run for cover on all fours. "You got that bitch all slicked up real nice!"
Everyone in the lab went wild. I found myself joining in with the rest of the crowd, cheering each time one of John's creamy missiles found its target.
"Give the bitch a sperm bath!" Bonnie shouted with glee.
Dazed and confused, Beechcroft managed to rise to her feet and wheeled around looking desperately for the exit. Instead of heading toward the door closest to her, she ran towards me, slipping and sliding on a lake of sperm until she again lost control and crashed into the side of the cubicle where Craig was hiding, trying to avoid getting splashed with John's errant emissions. The young man caught her in his arms and held her there momentarily until he realized that she was dripping with cum. He quickly released her and she ran out toward the farther exit. The retreating woman was greeted with jeers of derision as she ignominiously ran, tripping and falling, out the door.
"Good riddance to an asshole!" Janine yelled.
"Amen!" Barney shouted in response.
John had stopped ejaculating and was now breathing heavily as he dropped to the floor in a heap. Ann came running to the aid of her husband and I followed close behind.
"John, honey, are you okay? Are you okay baby?" she said, kissing him all over his face.
He didn't respond for a few moments, but then he looked up at her and smiled. "God honey," he said between gasps, "that felt good."
She laughed. "Oh, it's always good when you cum baby."
"No," he corrected her. "It felt good to cum all over that stupid woman!"
"She's gone now," I said. "We don't have to worry about her anymore. How are you feeling?"
"Well, for a guy who just shot off a gallon of sperm I'd say I'm feeling pretty fucking great!"
Ann seemed pleased at her husband's revival. "You're actually smiling honey. That's nice to see."
"What do you think triggered this ejaculation John?" I asked.
"I don't know doctor. I was feeling kind of angry inside...you know from losing my job. And then those students of mine...they just left me to the wolves. Not one of them admitted any responsibility in the matter. Then I started to worry about Ann, and if she and I were going to make it..."
His words seemed to catch in his throat.
"We're going to be just fine honey," she said consoling him. "Don't worry about it."
John raised his hand and caressed his wife's face. "I guess I just had all this anger building up inside of me, and finally I just had to let it go."
"Are you saying that it was your anger that made you want to jerk off?"
Ann seemed perplexed. "That can't be right, can it doctor? Whoever heard of somebody having an orgasm when they're angry? It doesn't make sense."
"No, it doesn't," I agreed, but yet feeling unconvinced.
John remained adamant. "I'm telling you that it was these...these negative feelings that caused all this to happen. I'm sure of it."
"Well, you couldn't have picked a better time," I said. "That woman is going to have to rethink her theories. And maybe next time she'll learn to treat others with more respect."
Stuart poked his head suddenly in between us. "John, you are the man! You had Ms. Ugly running for her life!"
John laughed. "I didn't mean to hose her down, but she was right in the way."
"That's all right," Stuart replied. "She needed a good hosing down. You did her a favor, believe me."
In a short while all the men, and most of the women in the audience, gathered around John, who was now standing dressed once again in his medical gown and acting like he had never suffered a dismal day in his life. I ordered Lynette to clean up the pool of sperm that had collected on the floor and to wipe down the coffee machine and any other objects that had been soiled with John's abundant seed. It was too late to collect a sample as the sperm, now lying around for several minutes, had become useless. I called for a ten-minute break while the room was being cleaned and joined my colleagues who were huddled in one corner of the room.
"Could you believe the nerve of that woman?" Jennifer said. "What a horrible creature!"
"If you had to wake up to a face like that every morning," Michelle said, "you'd feel horrible too."
"But poor Sheila! She didn't do anything!"
"I'm glad she got what she deserved. She was the most rudest person I have ever met," Sheila said solemnly.
"What do you think Christiana?" Jennifer asked. "Do you think she's going to retaliate in some way?"
I pondered the question before answering. "I hope not. At this point all she has are suppositions, not facts. And her arrogance forced her in a direction I don't think she was even aware of. I hope that's the last we've seen of her."
"Me too," Rebecca said. "I thought Bonnie was going to commit murder."
"My sister..."
"Yes? Your sister?" said Bonnie, suddenly coming up from behind me. "Go ahead sis, continue."
"I was going to tell them that you are a tough son of a bitch, but I guess they already know that."
Bonnie put her arm around me and smiled. "You know, being your older sister makes me very protective of you. But from the way you handled Dr. Fuckcroft, I don't think you need my help any more."
"Fuckcroft!" Jennifer squealed. "A perfect name for her too!"
"'Fuck off' sounds even better," Michelle quipped.
We talked for several more minutes until Lynette advised me that her crew had finished cleaning up the residue of sperm. I asked the members of the audience to return to their seats and decided to shift gears in the middle of the experiment to test a theory that had been forming in my mind ever since John Cardelli had raised the issue of anger in connection with his involuntary ejaculation.
"Gentlemen, please return to your cubicles and put your gowns back on. Craig, stay as you are please."
Cheryl, who was standing nearby, looked at me perplexed.
"I want you to assist me," I said to her.
Craig looked suspiciously at me for a moment and then at the rest of the men, who gave him curious sidelong glances as they moved off. "What's going on doctor? I thought we were all supposed to be up here."
"A change of plans Craig. And with your permission, I would like to test out a theory of mine."
"That's fine with me. Is it going to hurt?"
"No, of course not," I laughed. "But you will have to exert yourself a little."
"Whatever you say doctor."
I had him stand next to me in the middle of the lab facing the audience. Rebecca, Michelle, Sheila, Jennifer, and Cheryl stood behind him and to his left. Maria, Jill, and Laura stood a short ways off to his right whispering to each other and giggling every so often. I told him and the staff that I was going to begin with a series of questions with subsequent answers determining the protocols that would follow. I did not divulge the details of my theory because I did not want to compromise the test in any way. I think this annoyed my colleagues, who felt left out of the loop. They looked at me with puzzled expressions, especially Rebecca, but I believed secrecy was necessary to help prove my theory.
"All right Craig, let's begin. When was the last time you experienced the involuntary ejaculation phenomenon?"
"The last time it happened was a few nights ago," he replied.
"And where were you when it happened?"
"In the bathroom. I had just finished taking a shower."
"Did the incident occur while you were in the shower?
"No. It started after I had dried myself off."
"If I recall, it happened when you were on the phone with me."
Craig blushed and hung his head down as everyone in the lab began laughing.
"You're a naughty boy, Craig," Cheryl said coyly.
He looked at my assistant with a forlorn look on his face but Cheryl seemed more amused than surprised.
"I'm sorry doctor, I didn't mean to..."
"That's all right. I realize it was beyond your control," I said, trying to ease his embarrassment. "Do you remember what time the incident happened?"
"About 5:30 PM I think."
"Do you recall what you were doing prior to ejaculating?"
"Well, on Wednesdays, it was a Wednesday right? Well, I go to the gym on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday."
"To work out?"
"Yes, you know...with the free weights."
Judging by his lean and muscular body, I presumed that he must have been a diligent bodybuilder.
"Do you squat?"
"Always."
"Deadlifts too?"
"Yup. Absolutely."
"How much can you bench press?"
"Last Wednesday I pressed 390 pounds."
That's a lot of weight," I said, impressed.
"I'm very strong."
At this point I ordered Lynette and her crew to bring in the free weights that were kept in the recreation room. I knew that we had a bench, a barbell, and about two hundred pounds of weights in total—not enough to perform a convincing bench press, but I was hoping that the increased repetitions would prove just as satisfactory.
"Christiana, what the hell are you doing?" Rebecca said as she approached me.
"I'm acting on a hunch," I replied. "Indulge me."
"Your friends think you're nuts. Maybe you should explain to everybody what's going on."
"No, not yet."
"Well then at least tell me."
I was almost going to tip my hand, but then thought the better of it. "No, I'm sorry, I can't."
"But..."
"You'll have to trust me on this one Rebecca. You and the others stand by. I'll be needing all of you before long."
And with that cryptic statement she walked away from me in a huff. This was the first time I hade ever chosen not to reveal my intentions to the most trusted person on my staff. I don't know why I suddenly felt this impulse to be secretive. I only knew that I did not want to postulate my theory and then have it backfire in my face. I had already suffered the humiliation of seeing my drug stolen and used illegally to the detriment of all those who used it, not to mention that it was behaving erratically in the hosts' systems. I did not want to further compound that original humiliation by a further loss of self-esteem.
After all the weight-training equipment had been brought in and assembled, I told Craig to lie down on bench. He happily obliged and rested his hands on the bar.
"Okay, Dr. Swensen. What do you want me to do?" he asked.
"I want you to perform your normal routine, but I want you to perform it to failure. Lynette will spot you."
"No problem."
"You may begin...now."
Lynette moved so that she was standing by his head, ready to assist when necessary. His first presses were quick and easy, unused as he was to the lighter 200-pound load. By the time he reached his tenth press, he was starting to show signs of slowing down. He maintained this slower pace until he cranked out another 10 more repetitions and then he had to struggle ever more forcefully to complete each rep.
I watched Cheryl observe him carefully as his muscles flexed with each upward and downward motion. His body was now covered with sweat and he was breathing very hard. It seemed that all his concentration was centered on his completing each press successfully, and knowing that Cheryl was intently watching him, seemed to compel him even more to impress the young woman with a visible show of strength. By the time he had completed his thirtieth repetition, she was full of admiration for his selfless efforts.
By this time the men were cheering him on as if he were competing in some weightlifting contest. The women in the audience also started to join in cheering him on as he was now reaching his fortieth press. My colleagues looked on impassively, unable to comprehend the reason for the physical trial I was now putting him through. Rebecca sat in a chair off to Craig's left, observing with detached interest every rise and fall of his heaving chest. She didn't look at me once.
Craig was nearing his forty-seventh rep when suddenly his limbs began to fail. He had managed to lift the barbell halfway up before alerting Lynette that he needed help. She quickly grabbed the bar and together they lifted it onto the bench supports. He was greeted with a round of cheers.
In true sportsman-like fashion, the handsome muscleman rose off the bench and took a bow. He reached for a nearby towel and began to wipe the sweat from his face. Cheryl handed him a glass of water.
"God, I can't believe how ripped you are," she said admiring his upper body. "You look awesome!"
"You look pretty awesome yourself!" he replied, as he drained the glass in a matter of seconds.
Barney came over to congratulate him.
"You are one strong mother fucker!" he smiled, as he patted Craig on the back good-naturedly.
"Thanks," Craig said, "but I bet you can press a lot more."
"That's true," Barney said laughing, "but that 's because I'm a lot bigger than you."
"In more ways than one!" Jennifer inadvertently blurted out.
Barney and Craig both turned to look at my embarrassed colleague at the same time. "Now don't you be comparin' our cock sizes doc," he said to her. "I'm just bigallover."
I could tell she was tempted to reply but managed to maintain her professional demeanor and simply smiled, eying him like he was a piece of candy.
"Have all the measurements been taken?" I asked Rebecca, who was now looking all the more disinterested as she sat in her chair staring out into the audience.
"Rebecca?" I asked again.
"Yes, doctor," she replied formally, "all the measurements have been taken."
She was sulking, something I had never seen her do.
I had Craig move back to his cubicle and lie down on the examining table. I then ordered Michelle, Sheila, and Jennifer to examine his heart rate, blood pressure, and testosterone levels. Rebecca remained in her seat.
"I'm going to need your help, please," I said to her.
Without a word she rose out her chair and moved toward me, stopping a few feet in front of Maria and Cheryl.
"What would you like me to do, doctor?" she said coolly.
"Well, first I would like you to stop calling me 'doctor.'"
"As you wish."
"Oh, come on Rebecca. You're being ridiculous!"
"I'm being ridiculous? What do you call having that boy lift all those weights?"
"I told you that I didn't want to divulge my theory until I made this test."
"The test is over. Spit it out."
Her stubborn behavior was beginning to irritate me.
"I can't tell you just yet."
"Why can't you tell me?" she said, raising her voice. "I, of all people, have a right to know!"
Suddenly, everyone ceased talking at once and all attention was focused upon my senior colleague and I. I really didn't want to cause a scene. Not only because it was unprofessional, but because I was afraid an argument between us might serve to undermine our credibility and cause the men to lose faith in our efforts to aid them in their plight. Against my better wishes, I decided to tell her, and everyone else, the truth.
"All right," I said to Rebecca. "You win."
I now spoke so that all could hear me.
"I'm going to put an end to this mystery," I began. "I know all of you think it was a bit strange for me to have our subject here undergo a bit of weight training, but there is a reason for it. I..."
"Christiana!" Michelle exclaimed, moving away from the examining table.
Sheila and Jennifer each cried out as if in fear. As they retreated from the table their absence revealed a seemingly distraught young man in the throes of agony.
Craig's medical gown had protruded several inches out from his genital area and his hand was now reaching down to confront the intruder under the cloth. His face had turned a deep crimson and his breathing was coming fast and hard.
"Get him upright!" I ordered Lynette. "Hurry!"
Within seconds the recliner was positioned to a 45-degree angle and his gown was removed. As his erection was revealed, everyone gasped.
There, in place of his already impressive nine-inch penis, was a newer, more imposing model, the size of which now rivaled that of Barney's 16" monster prick. Its girth, too, had increased, much to the astonishment of everyone. I grabbed Sheila by the arm.
"It seems you were right," I said to her as I stood with my mouth open, staring along with everyone else at the wondrous transformation taking place in front of our eyes.
"It's acting like a growth hormone," Sheila said, awestruck. "Just as I said."
"Jesus Christ!" Michelle exclaimed. "I don't believe this!"
"Restrain his hands and feet!" I ordered Lynette.
It took some time to force his hands from his prick, but with the help of all of the women working in tandem his arms and legs were finally secured.
"No!" Craig screamed. "I have to jerk off! I have to cum!" He looked down at his ever-expanding prick. "Help me doctor!"
"I'm trying to!" I said. "Hold still!"
"I'm feeling like I have to cum!" he gasped.
"Help him Dr. Swensen!" Cheryl pleaded.
"Rebecca, take his blood pressure. Quickly!"
Several of my staff had to physically subdue him while Rebecca took his readings. He was moaning loudly and the women were finding it difficult to control his thrashing body.
"Gentlemen," I said, turning to Barney and the others, "I need your help!"
The men moved toward the recliner all at once. The women backed off to allow the men access to the writhing body. Barney held the boy's legs down, one powerful hand on each ankle, while Jeffrey and Stuart each took a hold on one of his arms. John took a towel and wiped the sweat off the boy's face, repeating words of encouragement. Adam and Philip stood off to one side, in complete awe of what they were witnessing.
"One sixty over one twenty!" Rebecca shouted.
"It's going through the roof!" Jennifer said.
"Get me a hypo!" I yelled to Maria.
Several moments later Maria was handing me a hypo filled with blood pressure medication.
"Hold him steady!" I shouted, as I tried to inject the fluid into his arm.
It seemed as if Craig had suddenly become possessed of superhuman strength as he tried to avoid being stuck by the needle.
"Come on guys," I yelled, "you've got to help me here!"
"This son of a bitch is fuckin' strong!" Barney said, trying to maintain his grip. "I can't hold him much longer!"
Some of the women from the audience started to drift down into the lab area curious to see what was going on.
"Get back! Get back!" Lynette shouted to them. "We're trying to get this situation under control. Get back and stay in your seats!"
Even Bonnie, who normally feared no one, complied with Lynette's orders.
"Get that shit into him Christiana," Rebecca yelled, "otherwise we're going to lose this kid!"
Try as I might, I couldn't make contact with his body. "I can't!" I screamed. "He won't let me!"
"Hold still! God-damn it kid!" Barney hollered, fighting with all his strength to keep Craig affixed to the bed.
Suddenly one of the restraints gave way and the boy's right arm swung free, forcing Stuart to let go of his grip. Seconds later the other arm also broke free and Jeffrey had to relinquish his hold. I was pushed aside as the men crashed into me, causing me to drop the hypo on the floor.
"Let me go!" Craig screamed, as he pulled his legs up toward his body, breaking loose of both the restraints and Barney's grasp. The black giant seemed amazed the apparent increase in strength of the young man and fell back, ordering me and everyone else to do the same.
"Stay out of his way!" he warned.
With one quick jump, Craig propelled himself out of the bed and stood before us with a face twisted by the influence of some abnormal and overpowering desire. His expression changed from that of madness to puzzlement as if he were trying to comprehend why we were all staring at him. His prick, now greatly enhanced by the power of the drug, bobbed menacingly before him: a reminder that he had once been foolhardy enough to tamper with things beyond his comprehension. I noticed that his scrotum had undergone the telltale symptoms associated with involuntary ejaculation: a massive increase in testicular diameter and a greatly increased sperm volume that surpassed anything formerly achieved during previous tests.
"Why did you restrain me?" he said, confused and angry.
"It was necessary. I couldn't allow you to ejaculate until I determined your adrenalin level."
Rebecca looked at me as if she had been insulted. "So that was it? Adrenalin. That was the big mystery?"
"Yes," I replied. "That's the missing part of the equation. We need to take a sample from his body. He also needs to cum."
"I don't think you have to worry about that," she replied. "Look!"
Craig was now ferociously fisting his huge sperm-swollen prick, his only ambition to release the white-hot fluid from his tortured loins.
"It's happening again and I can't stop it!" he cried. "Why did you do this to me Dr. Swensen?"
"I'm sorry Craig," I replied. "I never meant to hurt you. I had to find a solution to this problem. You've helped me to find it."
"But what about this?" he said, alarmed at the increase in size of his penis. "Will you be able to return me to normal?"
"I believe so, yes. Please return to the bed and let the doctors help you with your orgasm. We need to collect a sample of your sperm."
He hesitated at first, unsure of whether or not he was going to be put back into the harness.
"No restraints!" he demanded.
"No restraints," I promised.
He slowly began to regain his composure, and although he could not remove his hand from his cock, he was able to slow his tempo down just enough to comply with my wishes to not ejaculate before it was necessary. This must have required a feat of tremendous mental control and indicated to me that, with the proper treatment, this problem might indeed be resolved.
Cheryl was beside herself with worry, and had witnessed his brief descent into madness unable to summon herself into action. Now, seeing that he was behaving normally once again, she helped lay him down on the bed, caressing him and comforting him with gentle words.
"Are you okay?" she asked him.
"I'm fine now," he replied, "except for that." He pointed to the erect 16-inch phallus that jutted out from between his legs.
"Dr. Swensen will take care of it," she said.
"I hope so," he replied with concern. "On Barney it looks good, but I really don't want to spend the rest of my life fighting to get that thing into my pants."
"I would think most women would want to get it out of your pants."
She looked at the giant penis as it stood defiantly erect despite its owner's recent ordeal. Sensing that he was calmer now, she reached out her hand and gently tugged on his pulsing member.
"I can't believe you've added seven inches," she said running her hands up and down the quivering piece of stiff flesh, mesmerized by its obscene charm. "Does it hurt?"
He moaned softly at the pleasure her hands were bringing him. "No. But it's fucking weird. Don't you think?"
"Very weird," she agreed. She toyed with him then, pulling on his sac and giving him a few fast and hard strokes. "Feel good?"
"Yes. You have a nice touch."
Cheryl continued to tease and stroke him, all the while closely inspecting the huge tool with great interest. It seemed to pulse even more insistently now, in response to her manipulations.
"I think you'll feel better if you cum," she said finally.
Before Craig could reply, I drew myself between them and outlined for him and my staff what was next to be done.
"I'm sorry to interrupt you two, but I need to collect some samples."
"I understand doctor," Craig said.
"Of course, Dr. Swensen," Cheryl added.
I turned to Rebecca. "I want you to take a blood sample and get it to the outer lab. I want some tests done on it immediately to check for abnormal adrenalin production."
"I'll take care of it," Rebecca said, as she searched for a hypo.
"Sheila and Jennifer, I want you to place the testicular restraints on him."
"Hold on doctor," Craig said, suddenly alarmed. "You promised."
"I promised I would not secure your arms and legs. But we need to get your penis and testicles secured to prevent you from masturbating. It will also help prevent you from ejaculating prematurely. I need to examine you for a few minutes before we take a sperm sample."
He seemed to accept my explanation without further comment.
I knew he was deeply worried about what was to him an inexplicable and unprecedented increase in penis size. He stared at the unfamiliar-looking monster between his legs with trepidation, as if something alien had been grafted onto his body without his knowledge or consent and was now seeking to mock him by its very presence. It was only Cheryl's continued vigilance that seemed to keep him relatively relaxed. I decided to give him a mild sedative to help ease whatever discomfort he was now feeling and to help facilitate his examination.
Seeing that the other men were now just milling around, I ordered them back to their respective cubicles while the examination was underway. Lynette and her five-girl crew, along with Jill and Laura, sat with the women in the audience, watching my progress, ready to intercede at a moment's notice. Craig was completely relaxed now as Sheila and Jennifer fitted the leather straps of the restraint around his cock and balls. I had them employ one of the largest devices available, and even then they had some difficulty fitting the leather straps under and around the massively swollen scrotum. Eventually, his genitals were confined in the device and he rested quietly. A few times he tried to move his hands toward his crotch, but Cheryl was always there, gently intercepting him and moving his hands back to his side. I asked Michelle to monitor his heart rate while Maria assisted.
Rebecca took a sample of Craig's blood and had Maria run it over to the outer lab for immediate analysis.
"At least his blood pressure is evening out. One forty over ninety."
"He's still borderline hypertensive," Maria said.
"Yes," I said, "but still within acceptable limits considering what he's been through. Would you measure him please," I said to Jennifer.
Using the same tape measure Lynette had used on Barney earlier, Jennifer placed one end of the tape at the base of Craig's cock and ran it upward to the tip of his shaft. Her jaw dropped.
"Sixteen and one-half inches!" she exclaimed. "He's bigger than Barney!"
"Oh, my God!" Craig said, shutting his eyes from the monstrous sight.
"Don't worry," I said, trying to comfort him. "The growth spurt is only temporary. It can be reversed."
"How about letting us in on it Christiana?" Michelle said, looking impatient.
"I think you owe us that much," Jennifer added, taking the measurement for a second time.
Sheila made no comment, but I knew she was just as curious to learn what it was I had guessed all along. Rebecca stood silently waiting for me to speak.
"Forgive me for not sharing my suspicions with you, but I was afraid I was going to humiliate myself yet a second time. The gist of it is this: there is a direct correlation between the adrenalin level in the body and the inducement of the involuntary ejaculation response. The testosterone levels are only a secondary factor, and its influence, though necessary, is negligible. The blood tests will corroborate my findings but I am now certain that the involuntary ejaculation response is heralded by an increase in adrenalin production initiated by stress."
"So, that's why you had Craig physically exert himself," Michelle said, "so that his adrenal glands would produce an excess of adrenalin and induce the response?"
"Yes," I replied. "The physical exertion was just one way of proving my point, but, as you all know, there are many other factors that contribute to stress, not the least of which is coping with everyday matters. This explains why John Cardelli had his embarrassing episode. He was under great stress because his marital relationship was floundering, coupled with guilt and worry over his infidelity to his wife and possible divorce. All these negative and conflicting emotions resulted in stress, with subsequent production of immense amounts of adrenalin being pumped into his bloodstream. Once the adrenalin level had reached a certain point, it triggered the response."
"What about the other subjects? Why didn't they have any episodes?"
"Probably because the stress levels in their lives are relatively low, or they simply handle stress better."
Rebecca looked at me doubtfully. "There is no way you can keep people from avoiding stress Christiana."
"I didn't say that they avoided it. It was how they handled it that prevented an occurrence."
"You're treading on shaky ground here. You can't continue to administer the drug as long as there is the slightest possibility that a stress-related attack can occur."
"That's true. But there is a way to trick the drug into behaving as if it were a stress reducer."
"How?" Jennifer asked.
"The original gene coding of EJAX-472 does not make allowances for an increase in the production of adrenalin and therefore is unable to halt the progression of the involuntary response. However, I can rewrite the code sequence to include an adrenalin-inhibitor gene, which will nullify the effects of the hormone and prevent the response from occurring."
"But what about the growth spurt?" Cheryl asked. "How did that happen?"
"I think Sheila hit the nail on the head when she said that the drug was behaving like a growth hormone. We all know that EJAX-472 increases sperm production and we have all seen a similar increase in the testicular region. That it would also physically alter the cells of the penis is something I could not have foreseen. It was not written into the code and I can only account for its presence as being caused by the body's own production of human growth hormone interacting with the drug on a very subtle level. This however is only a side-effect, and once I have analyzed his blood and sperm samples I will be able to develop a treatment to reverse the growth process and return his penis to its normal size."
"I don't know what to say boss," Rebecca said looking bemused, "except that you're fucking brilliant."
"It's a plausible explanation," Michelle said, "but how on earth did you ever manage to construct your theory is such a short time, and without the benefit of lab results?"
"Most of my best thinking on this subject has been done on the fly," I said with a smile. "In fact, the original genome came to me while I was shaving my legs in the shower."
"You're kidding doctor!" Maria laughed.
"No, I'm quite serious! Some of you may be aware that Mozart wrote all his music in his head while engaged in non-musical activities, and simply transcribed his already perfected music onto paper. Well, that's the same way I work. The only difference is that I see gene sequences in my head, not notes."
"Did I just not say that she was fucking brilliant?" Rebecca said with a grin.
Sheila, who had listened to my explanation for the phenomenon with increasing interest, shook my hand. "You are a truly amazing woman Chris. Your solution would never have occurred to me in a million years. Truly amazing."
"But what I want to know," Michelle said, "is what got you thinking along those lines in the first place?"
"You can thank Mr. Cardelli for that," I replied. "He said something to me that stuck in my mind during that incident earlier. He said that he was feeling a great deal of anger at losing his job and felt betrayed by his students. He was also worried about his marriage. All these negative emotions produced a state of extreme stress. He felt the involuntary ejaculation response kick in at that point. Using that information as a starting point, I simply extrapolated from then on. I used Craig to support my hypothesis."
"What a mind!" Michelle said, duly impressed.
Cheryl looked thoughtful. "You know, if you think back to Bonnie's party, a lot of those guys like Luis and Joey Balls, and Mr. Olmstead too, were all under a great deal of stress."
"Exactly!" I replied. "Increased stress produced increased amounts of adrenalin in the bloodstream and induced the response. I noticed the first signs of that trend when Craig experienced that enormous ejaculation at the dinner table. That huge load was not simply attributable to the talents of Patti Ann and Alice, but rather to the increased adrenalin level he was experiencing at the time. He may have been playing a role in a pre-rehearsed skit, but he could not overcome his inherent shyness. This produced a lot of stress in him."
"Poor guy," Cheryl said, rubbing her hand over his stomach.
"Mmmm...." he moaned softly.
"Speaking of which," I began, "I think it's time we relieved this poor fellow of his sperm."
He looked at me with a faint smile. "I don't think I can last much longer doctor."
"Well, then, let's take care of you. Are you ready?"
"Oh, yes...yes!"
"Would you like to masturbate yourself or would you prefer one of my colleagues to do it?"
His eyes immediately focused on Cheryl. "Would you mind?" he asked her.
She bent down and whispered in his ear, but I could still hear her.
"I've been dying to get my hands on you," she said. "I'm going to milk every single last drop of cum from those big balls of yours."
Delighted at her response, Craig's cock twitched visibly in anticipation. I was actually very proud of the boy being able to master the overpowering urge to masturbate. He showed a degree of control that was truly exemplary when compared to the other subjects who had fallen victim to the drug's unwelcome side effects.
I ordered Sheila to remove the testicular restraints and had Rebecca adjust the bed to a 45-degree angle.
"Your attention please," I said, addressing the audience. "We are now going to procure a sperm sample from the subject for analysis. After that I am going to call for a twenty-minute intermission before we resume obtaining samples from the remaining subjects."
Cheryl had already begun applying the new "extended masturbation" cream that I had developed to use when excessive sensitivity prevented ejaculation via masturbation. Craig's penis was now extremely sensitive, and what was required was a long, slow, sensuous handjob to avoid having him experience any pain or discomfort.
"Who wants to catch the cum?" I asked the girls in Lynette's crew.
"No, wait," Maria said. "I'll do it."
Since she had objected to this task earlier, I was surprised that she was now so willing to offer her services. But when I saw her look at Craig, I knew that she was just as taken with him as many others on my staff.
"Fine," I said. "Go get a beaker."
She ran off to get the item and I turned to Craig.
"How are you feeling?" I asked him.
"I feel pretty good. But I need to cum real bad."
"We're going to take care of that right now."
"His pulse and blood pressure are both normal," Rebecca said, checking the readout on the screen above her head.
"Okay. Cheryl, he's all yours."
Standing on Craig's left, Cheryl extended her right arm over his body and grasped the thick piece of turgid flesh that loomed like a giant pepperoni above the horizon of his thighs. He groaned with sheer pleasure at the sight of her soft, dainty fingers upon his cock, the coolness of her touch making him jump slightly until the combined warmth of her hand and the lubricating cream put him into a dreamy, relaxed state. I noticed that she was handling his penis much differently than the way she had mercilessly attacked Luis' cock. There were no abrupt or casually indifferent moves employed, just a slow, rhythmically precise up and down motion geared to provide just the right amount of pressure to bring him to orgasm. It was a gentle yet firm approach and one that he seemed to be enjoying immensely.
Maria crossed in front of Craig's bed carrying a large, glass beaker. I told her to stand in front of me, ready to position the stem of the receptacle in front of his penis when he was ready to ejaculate.
"Let us know when you are going to cum," I advised Craig as he caught sight of the beaker in Maria's hands.
He shook his head to tell me that he understood, but I could tell he was already finding it difficult to talk.
Jennifer, Sheila, and Michelle now stood to Craig's left, just behind and to the left of Cheryl. Rebecca came around to join Maria and me, her voyeuristic tendencies now starting to manifest themselves as she avidly watched the masturbation continue.
"The testicles are abnormally large, doctor," Jennifer remarked, as she peered over Cheryl's stroking arm, "even taking into consideration the effects of the drug."
"As I mentioned earlier," I replied, "this is due to the growth hormone effect. With the reduction of sperm in the testicles, this phenomenon should be nullified."
Seminal fluid began to collect around the tip of the boy's protruding glans, signaling the onset of ejaculation.
"Somebody's going to cum soon, aren't they?" Rebecca chuckled.
"Do you mind if I play with your balls young man?" Michelle inquired with a sly grin.
"Michelle!" Must you?" I said, annoyed.
She didn't respond right away, preferring instead to take off her medical gloves before answering. "I'm going to help him." Cheryl looked at her questioningly. "It's all in the name of science."
With that my colleague moved in between Cheryl and Jennifer and reached her long arm out toward Craig's scrotum. She began stroking the bulging sac, now filled to capacity with sperm, and relished in the tactile sensation of her hand upon his testicles. Craig cried out gently in his throat at the welcome intrusion, watching the older woman's beautifully manicured fingers play with his twin marbles of lust as though she were rubbing some exotic balm into his skin. Finally, Rebecca couldn't take it any more.
"Jesus Christ, I want to suck that thing!" she exclaimed.
The entire lab echoed with laughter.
"I'm serious!" she said. "Put some of that lube on my lips," she said to Jennifer.
"Oh, come on Rebecca," Cheryl whined. "He's already close to cumming. You're just going to drive him crazy."
Maria held the beaker up to Rebecca's face. "I have to catch it remember?"
"Relax, the two of you all right?" Rebecca said. "I'll pull away in plenty of time."
"Do you mind if she goes down on you just a little bit?" I asked Craig.
He shook his head.
"Go ahead you horny bitch," I said. "Just don't forget to pull away."
Jennifer leaned over the bed and carefully applied some of the shiny, pinkish, lube to Rebecca's lips. She then bent over the boy and lowered her mouth over his cock, taking as much of him down her throat as she could. The sensation was overwhelming for him as he lifted his midsection up as high as he could in order for his penis to meet the lubricated lips of my libidinous colleague. She could only manage to take six or seven inches of him into her mouth but it was enough to satisfy her craving. Her quick tempo forced Cheryl to speed up her strokes, and Rebecca found her lips making contact with Cheryl's hand on each upward stroke.
"It's so fucking big!" Rebecca laughed, coming up for air.
The giant prick was glistening now with both precum and lube. It seemed to all of us that, incredible as it might seem, Craig's cock had increased in both length and girth due to the lascivious manipulations of my staff. Jennifer was beside herself.
"Can I stroke it just a little bit Cheryl? Please?"
Cheryl was reluctant to give up her prize, but Jennifer had asked so sweetly that the young girl let go of the pulsing pole of flesh and let the older woman take over.
"Just for a little while," Cheryl reminded her. "I want to be the one to get him off."
Jennifer was acting like a kid in a candy store. Her masturbatory technique was quick and fun: she teased the underside of his cock with tickling strokes and squealed with joy as the sticky clear fluid that emanated profusely from the tip of his cock found its way between her fingers.
"This guy has great control," she said impressed. "My husband usually shoots his load when I do this to him."
"Oh, don't brag Jennifer!" Sheila commented. "Here, let me take over for a minute."
Upon seeing her mother take hold of Craig's cock, Jill sprang up and gave a cheer. "Come on, mom! Jerk him off!"
Cheryl was not at all pleased that her position had been usurped by my two lusting colleagues. She watched with dismay as Sheila applied some fresh lube to the head of Craig's cock and began to pull on him with long, firm strokes.
"This is how to jerk off a man," she said with a determined look.
Cheryl shot her a baleful glance and I knew there was going to be trouble unless I interceded.
"Sheila, let Cheryl do it. It was what Craig wanted."
"Oh, shit Chris. I was just having a bit of fun." She let the cock fall out of her hand. "Go ahead Cheryl. He's all yours."
Cheryl quickly resumed her position and now used both hands to bring the tortured boy off. With one pumping fist on top of another, she relentlessly pulled at his taught, cum-filled prick, each successive stoke bringing him ever closer to orgasm.
After applying more lube to her lips, Rebecca resumed sucking him, much to Cheryl's delight. I had to admit that seeing the better portion of his stiff manhood repeatedly appear and disappear into her hungry mouth was incredibly sexy. Her lube-coated lips glided effortlessly over the firm flesh, adding even more intense pleasure to his already sensitized prick.
Suddenly Craig's balls stiffened up into his sac and his entire body froze. The warning we had waited to hear never came. As Cheryl's hands busily traversed the entire length of his massive tool, the first hint of impending orgasm came upon him. Maria and the rest of us were unprepared but Cheryl knew he was ready to erupt. Rebecca instinctively pulled away, a thick strand of semen already clinging to her lips.
"Maria!" Cheryl shouted.
But it was too late.
Even as my startled assistant raised the glass jar to meet his prick, a thick rope of white cream shot out of the tip, hurtling through space with such force that if flew an amazing thirty feet into the first row of seats and splashed onto a pair of long, nylon-clad legs belonging to my sister Bonnie.
"Jesus fucking Kee-Ryst!" she exclaimed, as she rose from her seat in a panic.
Everyone in the audience, including my staff and I, were astonished at the distance the boy's cum had traveled. The speed of the trajectory was such that no one, including my sister, saw it coming until it was too late. Seeing my sister jump up made everyone else do the same thing—fifty startled women dodging for cover to avoid getting doused with sperm.
Craig's eyes meanwhile were wide open now as he watched Cheryl's hands coax out more of his vital juices. The second and third spurts sailed across the room, landing on the floor a short distance from his first ejaculation. Maria managed to position the stem of the beaker in front of Craig's cock but the next few streams bounced off the rim of the tube and ricocheted off onto her hands and all over her face and hair. She hung her head down in an attempt to block her face from the impending sperm bath but was thoroughly soaked nonetheless. I quickly put my hands over Cheryl's to steady Craig's penis enough so that Maria could place the stem over his spurting tool. This she managed to do with some assistance from Rebecca, and successfully caught the last few spurts as they flew out of his cock, one massive rope of cream after the other.
Michelle watched the beaker fill up to capacity within seconds. "I've never seen so much sperm," she said spellbound.
With a few more firm strokes the great prick was finally drained, the beaker overflowing with cum.
"Get that into the lab fast," I ordered Maria.
As she walked away with the beaker full of sperm I looked at Craig, who, during the course of his masturbation, remained speechless.
"Why didn't you warn us?" I asked.
"I tried doctor," he replied breathing fast, "but I couldn't get the words out."
"It's okay. We managed to get more than enough sperm out of you. How are you feeling?"
He smiled up at Cheryl who was now wiping her hands on a towel. "Great, thanks to her."
"No wonder you were going crazy," she said, relieved. "All that sperm was clogging your brain!"
"I don't doubt it," he replied laughing. "You give a mean handjob. Thanks!"
I had my colleagues take the exhausted boy back to his cubicle while Lynette and her crew went about cleaning the sperm that had landed on the floor. During the intermission I went out to the cafeteria to get a cold soda and bumped into Bonnie who had just come out of the ladies' room minus her nylons.
"I think he did it purposely sis," she began. "He soaked me at the party too."
"Don't be silly. It was a random shot."
"There was nothing random about it. The goddamned thing traveled right across the floor atme. You saw it!"
"Yes, I did. It traveled roughly thirty feet but it was not aimed at you."
She looked annoyed. "And I just bought these nylons too!"
She gazed down at her naked but beautiful legs and laughed. "Oh fuck it! What's a little sperm between us girls anyway?"
We talked about Craig's wondrous feat for several minutes and then her face grew pensive.
"How's Philip? He's been very quiet throughout this whole thing."
"He seems to be okay. Hasn't really said much to anyone."
"He looked a little worried to me though."
"I can't blame him," I said. "All of those guys are worried. But I believe I've found the antidote to their problem."
"I hope so sis. He can't—they can't—spend the rest of their lives indoors with a glass beaker in their pockets!"
We both laughed and started walking toward the lab arm in arm.
"Now that I have Craig out of the way, I have to get sperm samples from the rest of the men."
"Please don't tell me that you're going to use those stupid mechanical hands."
"I don't have to use them," I said. "Why?"
"Why? They look ridiculous, that's why. But more importantly, they can't provide all the subtle nuances that a professional handjob artist can provide." She made an open first and pretended to be stroking an invisible cock. "Oh, baby...you know what I mean sis?"
I chuckled. "You're such a damned tease!"
"The men would appreciate it."
"Okay, okay. Do you want to lend a hand?" I asked half-jokingly.
"Sure," she replied with a grin, "it'd be fun."
I parted with Bonnie once we arrived at the lab. Everyone was milling about engaged in one type of conversation or another. Barney was busy visually inspecting Craig's penis, unable to believe that the young man's sexual organ was now even bigger than his own.
"Christ almighty boy!" the big, black Hercules lamented. "Now you're making me feel inadequate!"
He said this in a self-deprecating way, smiling as he said it.
"But at least you get to keep yours," Craig said. "Once I get the antidote I'm going to lose this Big Barney, so enjoy it while it lasts!"
"Ha! You make me laugh Craig! Enjoy it while it lasts! Ha!"
Bonnie had joined her husband who was now talking with several of the other test subjects and their wives and girlfriends. Most of the people in the audience were similarly engaged, but I noticed that Sylvia Bjorn and a few of my colleagues from the university were looking at me and smiling. After a while they motioned for me to come over to them.
"Christiana," Sylvia said beaming, "you are a sexual pioneer without peer! Your work is simply outstanding with these men."
"Thank you Sylvia. You're very kind."
"Not at all. That last guy's cumshot was worth the price of admission!"
Several other women expressed a similar feeling by nodding their heads in agreement. One older woman, whom I did not know and who appeared to be in her early sixties, actually giggled at the remark.
"If you can solve this involuntary ejaculation problem," she began, "I think you would stand a good chance of getting your drug approved by the Pharmaceutical Association."
"Oh, she's got it licked," Sylvia replied.
The older woman introduced herself to me as Marlene Jorgenson, a professor of reproductive biology at Stockholm University. She must have been quite a beauty in her younger days because even now she still maintained an essence of loveliness that transcended the passage of time. She was dressed impeccably in a navy blue, three-piece business outfit of which her skirt, unusually short as it was, showed off her spectacularly long legs. Her blondish gray hair was cut short and framed her face perfectly. Her eyes, a penetrating, deep aquamarine, twinkled with an inner luminosity that hinted of the intransigent intellect lingering within.
"It's strange that you and I have never met," she said warmly, "but then these things do happen."
"I suppose they do," I replied. "What prompted you to attend may I ask?"
"Professional curiosity." And then she added softly, "Actually I wanted to get some of your stuff for my husband!"
We both shared a hearty laugh.
"I'll be happy to give you a trial sample once I have all the bugs worked out," I said. "But for now I think you can see why I wouldn't."
"I totally understand. I'm looking forward to the next part of your test."
"The masturbation sessions are always exciting to watch, I must admit."
"I've always found the male reproductive system highly fascinating. The idea that so much sperm could be shot out with such great velocity from such a little hole..." Suddenly her thoughtful expression turned to one of concern. "Should I get my raincoat and umbrella?"
"No," I said laughing. "But I'd keep a safe distance."
I remained and talked with her and Sylvia for a few minutes, most of which was spent explaining how I came to create the drug in the first place. They complimented me handsomely on the efficacy of my drug and expressed their gratitude at being allowed to witness, what they termed, a groundbreaking event. Finally, my head spinning with an overdose of praise, I excused myself and headed for the outer lab where I found Rebecca and Maria at work coding and labeling all the samples.
"Everything's in the cooler boss," Rebecca said, as she shut the refrigerator door.
"Excellent. All we need to obtain now are the final sperm samples and then we can call it a day."
"Let's do it," Maria said.
In a short while I managed to get the audience to return to their seats for the final part of the experiment. I told Craig that since his participation in the test was now over, he could sit in the audience and watch from there. Seeing that Cheryl was not needed at this point, I gave her permission to join him, which pleased her greatly. The two walked off hand in hand and sat in the front row, a few seats over from Sylvia and Marlene.
I had the six naked men line up in a row side to side as before, with Adam on the far left. To his left stood Jeffrey followed by John, Stuart, Philip, and Barney. Heeding Bonnie's advice, I decided to forego use of the mechanical hands and instead asked the men's significant others if they would like to perform the masturbatory duties. Surprisingly enough, all the women agreed.
Bonnie ran up first, gingerly lubing up her hands in anticipation of jerking her husband off. Philip gave her a passionate kiss as her hands encircled his already expanding prick. Ann, Denise, Janine, and Priscilla each poured a generous amount of the lube cream into their hands and then stood by their respective men awaiting my instructions. I could tell that Jennifer was disappointed in not being able to participate in Barney's masturbation. I caught her looking over at him several times with a longing look in her eyes, jealous that his wife was going to be the one to do the honors. I knew she wanted to get her hands on the big man's penis but I wanted to get this over quickly and without making a game out of it, which I knew she would do. Reluctantly, she stood off to one side with Michelle, Sheila, Rebecca, and Maria, pouting that she had been reduced to just another casual observer.
I realized suddenly that Adam was the only one without a woman to service him. He looked at me and shrugged, while he began to put some lube into his hands.
"I don't want you masturbating yourself Adam," I said. "You have to relax. No exertion."
"What am I supposed to do doctor?" he replied with a frown.
I looked toward the audience. "I need a volunteer for Adam," I said.
Almost every woman's hand went up. Even Marlene, to my surprise, signaled her interest, her eyes sparkling. Jill and Laura vied for my attention by frantically waving their hands high in the air back and forth. But before I could make a choice, Adam spoke up.
"I want her," he said, pointing at Lynette.
"Lynette," I said to her, "if you will, please."
The rest of the women heaved a collective sigh as my faithful Amazon assistant sprang up from her chair and gracefully waltzed over to the young man, smiling broadly.
"Give me some of that lube baby," she said to him in a low and sexy voice.
When all the women were ready I ordered Lynette's five-girl crew to each grab a glass beaker and stand near the subject to be ready to catch his ejaculate. Seeing that I was one girl short, I asked Jill to participate, which she gladly did, happy to be the one to catch Adam's cum. Laura seemed a bit disappointed at seeing her friend chosen for the task, so I invited her to stand with her friend to witness the event up close. She jumped out of her seat and ran to Jill, giggling all the way.
"Hey doc!" Stuart said. "Any points to the guy who can hold off the longest?"
"Oh, shut up Stuart!" Denise said. "Knowing you, you'll be the first to cum!"
All the men laughed at her comment but Stuart just growled.
"Gentlemen, this is not, I repeat, not a contest," I said. "Just give me a sperm sample, the quicker the better."
"Jesus Christ sis!" Bonnie said jokingly. "You take the fun out of everything!"
She was bent over at the waist, her short, red skirt riding up her long legs, her hand primed and ready at the base of Philip's cock, anxious to milk it.
I looked at John to make sure he was all right. Ann caught me staring at him and smiled at me to indicate that everything was fine. He seemed much more at ease now and held his arm around his wife's waist as she poised herself to drain him of his sperm.
Priscilla meanwhile was teasing her husband mercilessly with a litany of lewd jokes, which finally reached the ears of the other subjects.
"Okay, Priscilla," Jeffrey said, a little vexed. "How do you expect me to cum when I'm laughing?"
"I'm sorry," she said, almost in hysterics, "but I find this whole thing so fucking funny!"
"Thanks Priscilla!" Adam retorted. "Keep it up and nobody's going to get off!"
Barney let out a big laugh. "All right everybody, let's just concentrate on these beautiful women here in front of us and give them what they want!"
His jovial attitude seemed to put everyone at ease. Of all the women, only Janine regarded the affair with disinterest. It didn't seem to bother Barney though. He treated his wife with the utmost love and respect, whispering playfully in her ears secret words of love that made her smile ever so faintly.
I noticed that Lynette was kissing Adam's neck and that his prick was already at full mast, thanks to her adroit handling of it. She caught me looking at her and she smiled quickly before returning her attentions to the captive boy. Jill and Laura stood next to her whispering and giggling in each other's ears.
"Let's go Christiana," Philip said. "My wife is getting anxious and so am I!"
Bonnie gave his cock a twitch and he let out a loud groan.
"You'll cum when I tell you too and not before!" she said with an evil grin.
"As I said before," looking straight at Bonnie, "this is not a contest. Is everyone ready?"
With everyone in position and all the women's hands now fully lubricated and grasping the men's cocks, I gave the order to begin. For the first few minutes the atmosphere in the lab was unusually quiet, only the repetitive slapping sounds made by fists pumping firm slabs of cock meat echoed throughout the room. Thik, thik, thik, came the incessant drone from the taught skin of huge sexual organs being pulled back and forth by the mechanically precise, piston-like action of a flurry of hands jerking in unison.
The women seemed to be enjoying themselves, looking up every now and then at their nearest neighbor, trying to calculate whether or not their particular technique might not be superior to their own. The girls who held the beakers were keenly alert, keeping their eyes closely focused on each giant prick that pointed out directly toward them, knowing that one false move on their part could result in an unwelcome sperm bath.
"I'd love to be stroking that big fucking dick of his," Rebecca said in my ear.
"Whose?" I asked.
"Who else?" she replied, surprised that I had not figured it out for myself. "Cardelli."
"You still have a thing for him don't you?"
"Don't you?" she asked incredulously. "Look at him for Christ's sake. He's beautiful! And that little guy Adam is fucking hot too."
"Easy girl. Keep your cool."
She looked at me beguiled. "How do you do it? I want to know."
"Do what?"
"Stay so detached," she said pointedly. "How can you remain so unaffected by all this sexual tension? I mean you've got six fucking handsome men being masturbated right in front of us and you tell me to keep cool. Doesn't all this turn you on Christiana?"
I knew better than to debate such issues when Rebecca was feeling horny. In the past she had often accused me of being a bit cool and remote in regards to the sexual tests we had conducted in the lab. I had tried many times, and in vain, to make her understand that I was indeed a very sensuous person, capable of a wide degree of sexual feelings. I was also capable of easily letting my inhibitions crumble if I ever got sufficiently aroused, and it was for this very reason that I was compelled to maintain a professional demeanor.
"If it makes you feel any better," I said, "I would love to wrap my hands around Craig's big dick as long as your big mouth was on the receiving end."
She let out an involuntary squeal. "Oh, you're a little bitch today aren't you?"
She said nothing more to me after that, but she did shoot a glance at Craig, who was thoroughly wrapped up in the sexual performance of his counterparts only a short distance away. I had no doubt that she was already entertaining the thought of doing exactly as I had suggested. This was confirmed only moments later when I caught her looking at him again; this time her eyes did not waver.
For my own part, although I thought Craig handsome, I really had no sexual attraction toward the boy. I could have just as easily mentioned any other man's name and Rebecca would have believed it. She would glance at me every so often to see if she could catch me looking at the young man, but seeing that my attention was focused solely on the experiment, she at last relented and struck up a conversation with Michelle and the others.
The masturbation was now in full progress. Loud moans were coming from the men and fists were flying up and down stiff, greasy poles with lightning speed. At one point I turned to look toward the audience and found Cheryl and Craig locked in a passionate kiss, her right hand moving back and forth under his gown. It appeared that he had developed an erection and Cheryl had wasted no time getting her hands on his massive prick. Marlene and Sylvia noticed it too and kept shifting their gaze back and forth between their lascivious neighbors sitting next to them and the action taking place on the lab floor.
Jeffrey was the first to release his load of hot cream. With a shout, he let the girl holding the beaker know that he was about to cum, and she deftly pointed the stem of the glass just over the head of his now climaxing cock. Long, thick ropes of white paste flew into the beaker, splashing into the bottom of the glass with tremendous force. As with most of the men who were under the influence of the drug, his ejaculation would have sailed halfway across the room if it had not been contained. Priscilla kept her rhythm steady; making certain that her index finger was always resting upon his glans in order to produce a more forceful orgasm. Jeffrey's prick complied by releasing a torrent of sperm. In less than ten seconds the beaker was half full.
"God, look at that load!" the girl commented, as she hauled the beaker toward the outer lab.
Priscilla and Jeffrey walked off toward his cubicle as the performance continued. A few minutes later it was John's turn to come yet again. Ann told the girl to hold the beaker steady as she felt the first signs of impending orgasm.
"That's it baby," she cooed. "Let mommy milk all that nasty sperm out of your balls."
Her lovely, delicate fingers firmly grasped his prick, pointing the head straight into the neck of the glass.
"Oh, God!" John cried, as his prick simultaneously erupted thick, long strands of white into the beaker.
I noticed this time that he didn't ejaculate nearly half as much as he had before, and this was promising. It meant that the effect of the drug was beginning to wear off. Soon he would revert to his pre-EJAX-472 state—sexual dysfunction and all. However, once the adaptations had been made to the drug, he and the others would be put on a new medication regimen that would restore his normal sexual functioning without the aberrant side effects recently experienced.
Ann milked the last few spurts from his now semi-flaccid cock and the girl took the beaker away. It appeared to be no more than a quarter full.
As John and Ann made their way towards the cubicles, Stuart and Adam both started moaning uncontrollably at the same time. Both Denise and Lynette were stroking each man's prick at a feverish pitch, and it appeared that they were competing against each other to see which could get her man to cum first. Denise had put both her hands around Stuart's cock, letting him rock his body back and forth into her slick hands. Lynette, however, was holding Adam's balls with one had while she pulled away at him with the other, maintaining precise control of his splendid equipment.
Suddenly, Adam filled his lungs with air and a strange look came over his face. Jill and Laura both held the beaker up to his cock, knowing he was about to ejaculate. They laughed at his pained expression, making lewd comments to provoke him even more.
"Come on, Adam," Jill said teasingly, "fill it up!"
"Yeah. Shoot a gusher for us baby!" Laura laughed.
End of Chapter 6