Author's note: I've been experimenting with a more modern form of punctuation, documented at the University of Sussex. I hope that it doesn't impose on your enjoyment of reading this story.
Also, thank you for your comments, voting and emails. It encourages me to keep writing these stories.
######
Jay was wearing a Jesus Christ costume: with a crown-of-thorns and fake blood on his hands and feet. Most of the guests had arrived but a few were dwindling in. Such as, the neighbour from across the lane, Mrs T.
Mrs T was about the same age as Jay's parents, Gail and Ben. She was a widow living by herself in a two storey home across the very narrow lane from Jay's home.
Jay answered the door and, at first, didn't recognise Mrs T. She was dressed as a baby: wearing a cloth nappy, a short tube top that was gathered by elastic at the top but loose at the bottom, a simple bonnet and a huge pacifier pinned to her top.
"Hello Jay. I come bearing gifts. Happy birthday. Here's your present." said Mrs T, as she handed him a parcel. "And this is for me." She held up a cask of Moscato wine.
"Sorry I'm late. I forgot it was fancy dress and had to whip up this."
"Thanks Mrs T." said Jay, as he took the present. "You look fantastic."
"Do you like it?" asked Mrs T, as she rotated on the spot. "My feet are a bit sore. I walked across the lane without shoes. That bitumen is rough."
"Come in come in." said Jay. "You've outdone yourself with your costume. I love your baby look, Mrs T."
"Thanks, Jay." said Mrs T, as she entered the premises. "Ooh, this party is rocking."
The party was a success: most people, who wanted to be drunk, were drunk; some people danced to the music; many just drank and talked; some slipped outside for a smoke and returned even more inebriated and everyone seemed to enjoy themselves.
The people started to drift off home in the wee hours of the morning and the last person to leave was Mrs T. She didn't have far to go and she appeared to be very drunk. Ben, Jay's father, and Gail, Jay's mother, started to tidy up as Jay chatted to Mrs T.
"I'll help with that." said Jay.
"No. No. No." said Ben. "It's your party. You relax and enjoy it."
"It was a great party, dad." said Jay. "Thanks to both of you for throwing it for me."
"You're welcome, Jay." said Gail. "You're only 21 once."
"Did you get some lovely presents, Jay?" asked Mrs T.
"I sure did, Mrs T, and thanks for the book. I'll have something to read during the summer holidays." answered Jay.
"You're welcome, Jay." said Mrs T. "Maybe I'll borrow the book when you're finished reading it?"
"Of course." said Jay. "I'll bring it over when I'm done."
Ben took away the empty cans and bottles in front of Jay and Mrs T. Mrs T said "I'm still using that one, Benny." as she picked up her wine glass.
Mrs T spun on the bar-stool and said "Where'd everyone go? Oh... I guess it's time for me to leave." She downed the remainder of her wine and attempted to stand up as she said "I'll pick that up on the weekend." and pointed to the wine-cask still on the bar.
Jay steadied Mrs T as she slipped off the bar-stool. "Thanks, Jay." slurred Mrs T. "I might have drunk a little bit more than I intended."
Gail said, "Jay, make sure Sandy gets home safely."
"Okay, Mum," said Jay, as he steadied Mrs T.
"I'm okay." said Mrs T. "It's just across the lane. Nobody 'ill be driving on that."
"Nevertheless...." said Gail and Jay knew that he was not going to avoid the allocated task.
Jay wasn't as drunk as Mrs T: his preferred poison was cannabis and had slipped out for a few joints with his friends during the night. He did drink a few alcoholic drinks, to keep up appearances for his parents, and the dope accentuated the affects of the alcohol, so he was inebriated, but not as much as Mrs T appeared to be.
Jay helped Mrs T as they laughed all the way down the front steps. She winced as she stepped onto the asphalt. "I should have brought some thongs." said Mrs T, as she stepped back onto the relatively smooth concrete.
"Come on Mrs T." said Jay. "I'll give you a piggyback across the lane."
"No. No. No." said Mrs T. "I probably won't feel a thing." but then winced again as she attempted to cross the lane.
"On you get Mrs T." said Jay, as he turned his back to her and squatted.
"I'm too heavy, Jay." said Mrs T as she, again, failed to negotiate the rough road.
Jay backed into Mrs T and Mrs T grabbed his shoulders to stop herself from falling over. "Okay, you win." said Mrs T, as she climbed onto Jay's back.
"Ride 'em cowboy!" called Mrs T, as she tried to slap Jay on his bum.
Jay wasn't as steady on his feet as he thought he would be, but managed to safely cross the lane. Mrs T whooped and laughed all the way across the lane.
"Whoohoo!" cried Mrs T, when they made it to her lawn. She tried to stand up on Jays back. Jay lost his balance and they both toppled onto Mrs T's soft, spongy lawn.
Mrs T was cackling with laughter. Jay was also having a good chuckle. Jay managed to ask "Are you okay, Mrs T?"
"Never felt better." answered Mrs T, in-between bouts of laughter.
Jay noticed that Mrs T's top had shifted during the fall and her right breast was exposed out of the bottom of her tube top. Jay stared at Mrs T's breast, but then pulled her top over her breast. Mrs T looked at what Jay was doing and said "Oops, I've popped out." and they both laughed.
Jay managed to steer them both to Mrs T's front door. He held out his hand and chuckled "Key please."
"Oh yeah..." said Mrs T, as she searched around her crotch. "Oh, it's moved..." and kept searching. "Here it is." she said, and held up a single key. She wiped the key on her nappy and said "You don't want to touch that." and then handed the key to Jay.
Jay laughed with Mrs T, but then thought that he probably would like to touch it after where it had apparently been.
Jay opened the front door, helped Mrs T through to her lounge room and said "Make sure you lock the door Mrs T."
Mrs T locked the door with Jay still inside and they both laughed when they realised her mistake.
Mrs T suddenly stopped laughing and Jay laughed at the shocked look on her face. Mrs T bit her bottom lip and joined in laughing. She said "I think I've peed myself."
Jay laughed even more and Mrs T said, in-between bouts of laughter, "No, no, I think I really have."
Jay laughed and said "Well lucky that you're wearing a nappy."
Mrs T laughed and said "Yeah, it is isn't it." She looked at her legs and added "It seems to be working."
Jay laughed louder and so did Mrs T.
"This way Mrs T." said Jay, as he guided her upstairs to her bedroom.
"Don't call me Mrs T, Jay. You're a man now and it makes me feel old." said Mrs T, as she stumbled through her bedroom doorway.
"What shall I call you?" asked Jay.
"Alexandra's my name, but it's a mouthful like this pacifier." said Mrs T, as she put the huge pacifier into her mouth. Her eyes started to water and she pulled out the dummy with a cough. "I think I'm going to be sick." she said, then she rushed into the en suite and vomited into the toilet.
Jay rinsed a face washer and wiped Mrs T's face. He asked "Are you okay?"
"I'm sorry you had to see that, Jay." said Mrs T. "Thanks for taking care of me."
"I guess you had a gag reflex, Mrs T." said Jay, as he kept cleaning up the mess she'd made.
"It's never been a problem before." said Mrs T. "I think it might be the booze."
"Could be." laughed Jay. "Let's get you to bed Mrs T."
"I said don't call me that." said Mrs T.
"Okay, then tell what name should I call you?" asked Jay.
"I've been called many things: Alessandra, Al, Sandra, Sandy, Les, Lesbo Les...." said Mrs T, but then she put her hand over her mouth. "Don't tell your parents that last one."
"I won't, but I'll tell all my friends." said Jay, with laughter.
"No, please don't, Jay." begged Mrs T.
"It'll be our secret... Les." said Jay and laughed.
"You can't call me that, especially, in front of your parents." said Mrs T. "Call me, Sandy."
"Okay, Sandy." said Jay, still laughing. "Into bed with you."
"With me?" asked Sandy and then chuckled.
"No. Just you, Sandy." answered Jay, still laughing.
"I need to wee." said Sandy, and struggled with the huge safety-pin at the front of her nappy.
"I thought that you said you'd already wet yourself?" asked Jay and laughed.
"I did, but I need to finish." said Sandy. "Help me with this please, Jay."
Jay easily undid the safety-pin and Sandy's nappy fell off revealing a wet pair of white, high-waisted, cottontail undies. Jay saw Sandy's matted pubic hair under the translucent material and he said "I'll wait outside."
"Thanks, Jay." said Sandy.
Jay heard Sandy urinating into the toilet and started to get a semi. He heard the toilet flush and wondered what Sandy would be wearing as she came out of the en suite. He waited and saw Sandy struggle through the doorway with a bath towel wrapped around her waist.
Sandy fell into bed. Jay put a glass of water on her bedside table. He said "Good night, Sandy."
Sandy said, "Good night, Jay. And thanks for helping me. I'm sorry you had to see... um, all that."
"You're welcome, Sandy." said Jay. "And don't worry about any of it. Mum's the word."
Jay went home. As he was getting into bed, he saw that Sandy's bedroom light was still on. He called Sandy.
"Hello?" answered Sandy, when she sleepily answered the phone next to her bed.
"Sandy, it's Jay." said Jay "Turn off your light."
"Oh yeah." said Sandy and hung up. Jay watched Sandy's bedroom window until he saw her light extinguish. He then went to sleep.
~~~
The next day, unsurprisingly, they all had hangovers.
Gail said to Jay, during breakfast, "Jay, could you please check on Sandy?"
Jay knocked on Sandy's door. He became worried when it took Sandy so long to answer the door. Sandy slowly opened the door dressed in a short, silk dressing gown.
"I was worried when you didn't answer the door." said Jay.
"Why?" asked Sandy.
"I thought that you might have drowned in your vomit." answered Jay.
"Oh yuck!" said Sandy. "I feel bad enough without hearing that lovely description."
Sandy made herself a Berocca drink and offered Jay one. Jay accepted and they sat at the dining table to slowly drink their Beroccas.
"That was a good party, Jay." said Sandy.
"Yeah. I think everyone enjoyed themselves." said Jay. "You looked fantastic in your baby costume."
"I didn't know what to wear. I'd forgotten that it was fancy dress." said Sandy. "I thought to just put on that short top, the nappy over my undies, the silly bonnet and the big dummy."
"Where'd you get that dummy?" asked Jay.
"I bought it as a joke to throw onto the floor whenever Mark chucked a tantrum." answered Sandy. "Sort of 'spit the dummy'."
Jay laughed and Sandy joined in.
Jay watched Sandy's breasts jiggle, under her dressing gown, as she chuckled.
Sandy saw him looking and he was embarrassed, she smiled and said "You were Jesus Christ weren't you?"
"Yes." answered Jay.
"The crown of thorns gave it away." said Sandy.
"I didn't offend you did I?" asked Jay.
"No. I'm not religious," answered Sandy "but I might have offended some people with my costume."
"Not at all." said Jay. "Lots of my friends asked me who was the sexy baby."
"Oh rubbish." chuckled Sandy. "You don't normally lie, Jay."
"No it's true." said Jay.
"I'm old enough to be their mother." said Sandy.
"You still looked sexy." said Jay.
Sandy looked at him. She pulled her dressing gown closer around her. She asked "What did you tell them?"
"Pardon?" asked Jay.
"Who did you say the sexy baby was?" asked Sandy.
"Mrs T, my next door neighbour." answered Jay.
"Oh Jay." said Sandy. "That makes me sound so old."
"Sorry." said Jay.
"Thanks for helping me home last night." said Sandy.
"You're welcome." answered Jay.
"Thanks for... for covering me up." said Sandy shyly.
"When was that?" asked Jay.
"On the lawn..." said Sandy. "When my... um... when... I... sort of... fell out."
"You're welcome." said Jay, feeling a twitch in his penis as he remembered Sandy"s breast.
"You're a gentleman, Jay." said Sandy.
Jay laughed, mockingly, "Yeah."
"You are." reaffirmed Sandy.
"A lot of good that does me." said Jay.
Sandy reached across the table and held Jays hand. "Women appreciate a gentleman." said Sandy. As she leant forward, her dressing gown opened sightly. Jay could see part of her breast. He swallowed. He looked at her eyes. He could see that she knew that he was looking at her chest.
Sandy sat back, but didn't adjust her gown. They sat like that for a while in silence. Jay kept looking at Sandy's breast. She smiled when he looked into her eyes.
"You're a good bo... man... Jay." said Sandy, with a smile.
"You were going to say 'a good boy'." said Jay.
"Well, I've known you since you were a baby, so it's... it's taking a while for me to adjust to you being a man, Jay." said Sandy.
Jay sighed.
Sandy leant forward again. He could definitely see one nipple and the areola of the other. She said "One day, you'll make a woman very happy, Jay."
"I hope it's more often than just one day" said Jay.
Sandy laughed.
Jay watched Sandy's breasts jiggle, as she laughed.
Sandy looked at her chest to see what Jay was looking at. She said "Oh I've seemed to have... popped out again." She didn't cover herself up until she looked into Jays eyes and said "Sorry."
"That's quite alright." said Jay. "I don't mind at all."
"You shouldn't have to put up with seeing a woman's breasts who's old enough to be your mother." said Sandy.
"You have beautiful breasts, Sandy." said Jay.
Sandy cupped her breasts, looked at them and asked "Do you really think so?"
"Yes, they're very beautiful" answered Jay, as he watched Sandy's breasts jiggle in her hands.
"I'd better put them away then." said Sandy. "I don't want to tease you... too much."
Sandy looked directly into Jay"s eyes as she, first, slowly tucked one breast, and then the other into her dressing gown.
Jay stood up and said "I'd better get going." He noticed Sandy looking at his crotch, which was bulging due to his erection.
"How did you know my light was on?" asked Sandy, as she followed him to her front door.
"When?" asked Jay.
"Last night." answered Sandy. "After your birthday party."
"I saw your light through my bedroom window." answered Jay.
"Wait." said Sandy. She leaned forward again, feigning interest, but also revealing her breasts "You can see my bedroom window from yours?"
"Yes." answered Jay, as he watched her breasts.
"Can you see my window from any other part of your home?" asked Sandy.
"No." answered Jay. "The other windows are oriented towards the view. Mine only has a view across the lane, to you home."
"What else can you see of my home from your bedroom window?" asked Sandy.
"Your backyard and balcony." answered Jay.
"I thought it was all quite private." said Sandy.
"It is." said Jay. "I think that my window is the only one from where anyone can see those places."
"I see. Do you sleep with your curtains open?" asked Sandy.
"Sometimes." answered Jay, wondering to where this change of tack was leading.
Sandy smiled coyly and said, "Sleep well, Jay." as he left.
That night, Jay had switched of his bedroom light and left his curtains open.
Later on, he saw Sandy's bedroom light turn on. He watched her do something in the en suite. She approached the curtains, but she didn't close them. He watched her take off her blouse, skirt and bra. She caressed her breasts in front of the window. She pulled her nipples. She wiggled her breasts as she raised her arms to hold the curtains. She posed like that for a moment, staring out towards Jay. She then closed her curtains.
Jay closed his curtains and masturbated.
~~~
They saw each other over the following weeks. Jay wondered if Sandy was wearing more casual, if not, more revealing clothes.
Sandy would often have lunch with Jay"s family on nicer Sundays. Especially since Mark, Sandy's late husband, had died. Sandy would bring a salad and Ben would cook some meat dish on the barbecue.
One Sunday, they were at Jay"s home. He and Sandy were alone on the balcony as Gail was getting them drinks and Ben was cooking lunch on the barbecue. Sandy leant forward. The front of her dress fell forward and Jay could see the tops of her breasts.
Sandy stretched her arms over her head and yawned. When she rested her arms on the table Jay could see more of her breasts. In fact, he thought he could see her areolae. She leant further forward, and Jay could definitely see her nipples. She smiled from behind her sunglasses and asked "Are you enjoying yourself?" She sat back in her seat when Gail arrived with their drinks. Her breasts were completely covered again by her dress.
"Jay," asked Sandy "do you have a hat that I could borrow? It's getting a bit sunny here."
Jay had an erection and didn't want to stand up.
"I'll get you one of mine." said Gail.
"No, it's alright." said Sandy, staring at Jay. "Jay's a gentleman, you'll get me a hat won't you, Jay?"
Jay stood up. Fortunately, his napkin was still tucked into his belt to, hopefully, hide his erection. He smiled at Sandy, went inside and returned with a hat for her, who put it on. "Thank you Jay." said Sandy "You're a good, man."
Jay couldn't help but notice that Sandy remembered to call him a man.
Jay sat down opposite Sandy to eat his lunch. Moments later, he felt a foot touching his leg. He looked at Sandy, who was concentrating on a discussion with Ben. Jay felt the foot slide up his calf and push between his knees. He watched Sandy and was impressed at how she seemed absorbed in their conversation, yet was caressing his thighs with her foot. She stopped her foot, half way along Jay's thigh, so he spread his legs and her foot continued towards his crotch.
Jay felt Sandy's toes searching his lower body and then wiggle when they found his erection. Jay looked at his mother, hoping that Sandy was watching how cool he was with the situation. He wondered what his mother would do if she knew Sandy was stroking his erection with her toes.
Jay finished his food and leant back in his chair, pressing his erection against Sandy's foot. She looked at him, so he smiled at her and she smile back. She then continued with the conversation.
Jay could feel pre-ejaculate leaking from his glans.
"Help clear the table please, Jay." said Gail.
"I'll help." said Sandy. "I need to go to the ladies."
Jay was relieved that he didn't have to stand up and, consequently, expose his bulging, and possibly wet, crotch to his parents.
~~~
Over the following weeks, Jay saw Sandy exhibiting her breasts to him from her bedroom window. She was some sort of exhibitionist. She even exposed her bottom to him as she bent forwards to take off her underpants. He saw a wisp of pubic hair, silhouetted by the bedroom light.
Another time, he saw her breasts as she laid sunbathing on the balcony in just her bikini bottoms. He loved how she surreptitiously exposed herself to him, even though it was from a distance. Sandy was definitely his major masturbatory influence.
At one Sunday lunch, when they were alone on the balcony, Sandy asked "Do you smoke?"
"No." answered Jay.
"I mean... dope?" asked Sandy.
Jay sat in silence.
"Don't worry. I won't tell." said Sandy. "It'll be our little secret."
"Like Lesbo Les?" asked Jay.
"Yes." answered Sandy, who seemed a little self-conscious. "You haven't told anyone about that, have you?"
"Of course not." answered Jay.
"Thank you." said Sandy. "Your a good man, Jay.
"So, do you smoke?"
"Yes." answered Jay. He felt it best to be honest with Sandy.
"If your friends aren't available when you want a smoke", said Sandy, "you can come over to my place."
"Do you smoke?" asked Jay.
"No," answered Sandy, "but I'm willing to try. Besides, you shouldn't have to smoke alone."
Jay laughed "I'll keep that in mind."
Gail served drinks and asked "Jay, have you been entertaining our guest?"
"Yes." answered Jay.
"What have you been talking about?" asked Gail.
"You don't want to know, Gail." said Sandy.
"Politics, Mum." said Jay.
"Politics?" asked Gail.
"Yes." answered Jay. "The wars, poverty, inequality, how the government is ruining the lives of the poor..."
"Stop it... please, Jay." said Gail. "You're getting free university because of the government."
"That was a Labor Party policy, Mum." said Jay.
"Please, Jay." pleaded Gail. "Don't mention politics in front of your father."
Ben arrived with the meat and asked "So what's on the agenda for discussion today?"
"Politics." answered Jay and Gail frowned at him. "Maybe we could have an argument?"
"There are three things that you don't argue about:" said Ben "religion, politics and sex."
"Sex?" asked Sandy.
"Yes." answered Ben. "You don't argue about sex, you just get on with it."
They all laughed and enjoyed their lunch; Sandy surreptitiously winked at Jay.
~~~
"How'd you go in your exam?" asked Gail.
"Good, Mum." answered Jay.
"Did you pass?" asked Gail.
"I think so." answered Jay.
"Good." said Gail.
"Oh, um... Sandy said that she might have a job for you over the summer holidays. Why don't you talk to her about it?"
Jay knocked on Sandy's door. Sandy slightly opened the door and said "Oh it's you, Jay. Come in."
Sandy was in her short, silk dressing gown again. She asked, as she walked into the kitchen, "Do you want a cuppa?"
"Yes please." answered Jay.
After turning on the kettle, Sandy turned to face Jay and saw two joints on the breakfast table. She asked "Don't you have any friends to smoke with?"
"They're all studying for their exams." answered Jay.
"Why aren't you studying?" asked Sandy. Sandy appeared to be hesitant.
"I finished mine today." answered Jay. "I wanted to celebrate but everyone was busy."
"I don't want to smoke inside the house." said Sandy. "It'll smell."
"We can smoke outside." suggested Jay.
"Someone might smell the cannabis." said Sandy.
"We could eat it." suggested Jay.
"Can we?" asked Sandy.
"I've heard of hash brownies and green cookies." answered Jay. "I'm sure it can be eaten."
"So you haven't eaten it before?" asked Sandy.
"No, I haven't." answered Jay.
Sandy rolled one joint in her fingers and asked "How much do we eat?"
"Um... these two joints would keep me high for the rest of the day, so I guess one each." suggested Jay.
"Okay." said Sandy.
"We should probably use our cuppas to wash it down." said Jay.
Sandy put two mugs on the table. Jay emptied the contents of the joints into each mug.
"Tea or coffee?" asked Sandy.
"Coffee please." answered Jay.
Sandy scooped a teaspoon full of coffee into each mug and poured boiling water on top. She said "It smells sweet."
"Yes, it does doesn't it." agreed Jay.
"It's a bit chewy." said Sandy, after eating the last of the dregs in her cup.
"Yeah." agreed Jay.
Sandy put their empty cups in the sink and asked "Have you had lunch?"
"No." answered Jay.
"Come on, I'll show you how to make a Caesar salad." said Sandy.
They made and ate lunch. Jay said "Mum said that you might have some work for me over summer holidays."
"Yes." said Sandy. "Do you like gardening?"
"No." answered Jay.
"Oh." said Sandy. "I thought that you might like to help me weed my garden."
"I'll do it for you if you show me how to identify the weeds." said Jay. "I'd probably pull out the good plants if you don't show me."
"Okay." said Sandy. "I'll show you out the back. I don't feel like going out the front in my dressing gown."
"Okay." said Jay, and followed Sandy onto the small plot of lawn out the back.
They knelt on the lawn and pulled out some weeds. Jay thought it was easier to identify the weeds than he thought it would be.
Both were on their hands and knees when Sandy said "Oh wow, look at this flower."
Jay looked at the flower from the opposite side.
"I need my glasses." said Sandy and ran into the house. She returned with her glasses and leant forward on her hands and knees.
Jay could see her dressing gown open. He put his chin on his hands to get a better view of her breast, past Sandy's face.
"It's beautiful isn't it?" asked Sandy.
"It certainly is." answered Jay, as he looked at her breast. He could see her nipple.
Sandy looked at Jay and whispered, "I think I'm stoned."
"I certainly am." agreed Jay.
Sandy looked at the flower. Jay looked at her breast. He noticed that she was watching him looking at her breast. She sat on her haunches looking at him. She let her glasses fall to her chest on their chain. He watched her glasses, and her nipples pushing out the material of her dressing gown.
"I think that's enough gardening for today." said Sandy, and walked towards her backdoor.
"Okay." sighed Jay, and followed her inside.
They sat opposite each other at the dining table.
"You won't tell anybody about today will you?" asked Sandy.
"No... No I won't, Les." said Jay with a giggle.
Jay noticed Sandy's nipples harden behind the material of her dressing gown.
"Don't say anything about... any of this." said Sandy.
"I won't." said Jay.
They sat in comfortable silence until Sandy said "Your birthday party was a lot of fun, wasn't it?"
"Yes." agreed Jay. "Your costume was excellent."
Sandy nodded and then asked "Who asked about me?"
"My friends." answered Jay.
"Did they really?" asked Sandy.
"Yes." answered Jay, wondering where this conversation was going.
"Was it only the guys or did some of the girls also ask about me?" asked Sandy.
"Wow, are you interested in girls' opinions, Lesbo Les?" asked Jay with a smile. "Are you a lesbian?"
"I married Mark." answered Sandy. "He was a man so I'm not a lesbian."
"Oh yeah, sorry." said Jay.
"Did they really call me sexy?" asked Sandy.
"Yeah definitely." answered Jay.
"It's hard to believe. They must have been drunk." laughed Sandy.
"No really." said Jay. "You are sexy."
"Do you think so?" asked Sandy
"Oh yeah," answered Jay, "definitely."
"Why do you think that?" asked Sandy.
Jay was a little taken back. The conversation had switched from his friends thinking that Sandy was sexy to him thinking that she was sexy. He answered "Well... um... you have beautiful long legs that ended at your... your nappy. And your top was short and exposed your lovely flat belly. And... and your nipples pressed against the material of your top." As he said that, he watched Sandy's nipples form bumps under the silky material of her dressing gown.
Sandy sat back in her chair. Her gown opened a little bit. Jay could see her cleavage. She looked down at her chest. She stretched her arms above her head and then rested them on the table. Jay could see the edge of her areola. He just stared at her chest.
"Out in the garden,", said Sandy, "you were looking at my tits, weren't you?"
Jay just nodded.
Sandy leaned forward and her gown separated from her chest. Jay could see half of her nipple. She asked "Do you like my tits?"
"Yes." answered Jay. Jay swallowed and said "What I can see if them."
"Do you want to see more?" asked Sandy.
Jay looked at her eyes. Sandy swallowed. She seemed nervous. He sighed "Yes please."
Sandy sat back in her chair; her left breast was almost fully exposed. She pulled aside her gown to show him all of her left breast. She asked "Is this what you want to see?"
"Yes." gasped Jay.
Sandy covered up her breast and asked "Or this one?" and exposed her right breast.
"Oh, that one is so beautiful as well." answered Jay.
"Which one is the best looking?" asked Sandy, as she exposed both breasts.
"Um... they're perfect as a pair." answered Jay. "I don't think that they should be separated. They're so beautiful, so sexy, together."
"Separated like this?" said Sandy, as she pulled her breasts apart and smiled.
"No." answered Jay. "They're a perfect set. They should stay together."
Sandy let go of her breasts. She looked at them sitting naturally in place. She sighed, looked at Jay and said "I'm old enough to be your mother, Jay."
"So?" asked Jay.
She lifted her breasts and pinched her nipples. She asked "Would you look at your mother like this?"
"If her tits were as beautiful as yours, then yes." answered Jay.
"Would you suck your mother's tits?" asked Sandy.
"Apparently I did when I was younger." answered Jay.
"When you were a baby?" asked Sandy.
*Yes." answered Jay. He felt himself salivate.
"A baby, like I was at your party?" asked Sandy.
Jay noticed that her chest was rapidly rising and falling as he ogled her breasts. "Yes." he answered.
"Do you want to suck mummy's titties?" asked Sandy seductively.
Jay looked at Sandy's face. She was breathing rapidly. She ran her tongue over her lips. He whispered "Yes."
Jay stood up and walked towards Sandy.
"Jay..." said Sandy.
"Yes." repeated Jay. He knelt next to her.
"I... I'm not sure..." said Sandy.
"What, Mummy?" asked Jay.
Sandy froze.
Jay held the back of her chair and slowly moved his mouth towards Sandy's breast. He blew on her nipple and it puckered.
Sandy gasped but still held open her gown. She said "Mummy's not sure... if Mummy..."
Jay touched the tip of his tongue to Sandy's erect nipple.
"Oh god..." gasped Sandy. "Yes... Suck Mummy's titties."
Jay sucked just her nipple into his mouth. He felt it get even harder.
"Oh god..." gasped Sandy "Mummy..."
"What, Mummy?" asked Jay. "Don't you want me to suck your titties?"
Sandy grabbed Jay's head and pushed it against her breast. She said "Yes... Suck Mummy's titties... Drink Mummy's milk... Drink until she's empty..."
Jay wrapped his arms around Sandy's body and pulled her breast against his mouth. He suckled her nipple. He kept sucking. He sucked her nipple to the back of his throat. He almost swallowed it.
"Oh god, yes!" cried Sandy. "Suck me dry... oh... oh... oh fuck." she groaned. She pressed her head against the top of Jay's. She kissed his hair. She wrapped her arms around his head and said "Oh fuck that feels so good..."
Jay felt Sandy shudder and she whimpered. Her body shook as he kept trying to suck her tit down, into his throat.
Sandy pushed Jay's head away from her breast. "Oh fuck." she cried, as her nipple was released from Jay's mouth. She panted and trembled as she held his head away from her.
Jay watched her come down from her apparent orgasm.
Sandy looked into Jay's eyes with lust. She was still panting. She looked at her right breast. She looked worriedly into his eyes.
Jay said "I'm still hungry, Mummy."
"Oh god." said sandy, as she closed her eyes and pressed his head against her right breast.
Jay latched onto her nipple and sucked it to the back of his throat.
Sandy caressed Jay's hair and gasped "Gently, Baby... Don't hurt Mummy as you drink."
Jay eased off his sucking, but tried to suck as much of Sandy's breast into his mouth as possible.
"Oh yes... my beautiful baby..." gasped Sandy. "Drink Mummy's milk... empty me..."
Jay suckled Sandy's breast. She wrapped her arms around his head and squeezed. Jay's nose was pressed onto her skin. He could only just breathe.
"Oh fuck..." gasped Sandy. "Harder, Baby... Suck Mummy's tit until she comes."
Jay tried to swallow Sandy's breast. He almost gagged on her nipple at the back of his throat. He tried to swallow her nipple but it couldn't quite reach. He moved his mouth over her breast, coating it with saliva. He sucked again and this time he felt her nipple distend a little bit down his throat. He sucked and swallowed.
Sandy cried "Oh yes, Baby, suck Mummy dry." and then she started to convulse. Jay felt her jerking around in the chair. She held his head, hard, against her chest as she came and came.
Sandy pushed Jay's head away from her. He watched her face scrunch up in pain because he wouldn't let go of his lamprey like attachment to her breast.
They both looked at Sandy's stretched breast. She pushed her fingers into his mouth to break the seal. Her breast shot out of Jay's mouth with a loud plop.
Sandy's nipple looked purple and about five centimetres long. She put her hand over her breast and rubbed it. She gasped and said "Mummy's had enough, Baby."
Sandy caught her breath and then reached for Jay's penis. She felt it and said "It's soft?"
"Yeah... Um... Sorry." answered Jay. "I... I came when you came."
"Oh." said Sandy. "Um... Good.
"You won't tell anyone about this will you?"
"No." answered Jay.
"I'm exhausted." said Sandy. "I haven't done this for a long time. Let's lay down."
They laid on the lounge listening to music and fell asleep.
Jay woke up and said "I'd better get going."
"Okay." said Sandy and watched Jay leave.
~~~
Jay knocked on Sandy's door. Sandy answered the door in her short, silk dressing gown.
"Would you like help with your garden?" asked Jay.
"My lady garden?" asked Sandy, as she raised her eyebrows.
"If you like." answered Jay, with a smile.
"We'll see." said Sandy and she let him inside.
"I saw you last night." said Jay.
"Did you?" asked Sandy. "When?"
"Just before you turned off your bedroom light." answered Jay.
"Oh my!" said Sandy, feigning shock. "What did you see?"
"I saw you teasing me." answered Jay.
Sandy smiled and asked "Did you masturbate?"
"Yes." answered Jay, a little embarrassed.
"Then you were satisfied." said Sandy.
"I'd rather see your show close up." said Jay.
"Do you want to splash me with your come?" asked Sandy.
"If you like." answered Jay. This was a new experiences for Jay.
Sandy exposed her breasts and wiggled them. She said "Show me how you masturbated."
Jay stood up. His penis was fully erect and was level with Sandy's eyes. His glans was poking out the top of his jeans. She gasped. Her eyes went wide. Jay saw her expression change from astonishment to lust.
Jay dropped his trousers and boxer shorts. Sandy's eyes widened again. She said "Oh my god. It's so big."
Jay slowly masturbated for Sandy. He didn't last long, he was so turned on. Sandy let him come on her bare tits.
"Oh look at the mess you've made on Mummy." said Sandy. "Help me clean it up, Baby."
Sandy teasingly scooped up his come and drank it. Jay licked some of his come of her tits.
~~~
Jay regularly helped Sandy with her garden during the summer holidays. They usually got stoned. He usually sucked both of Mummy's tits until she came at least twice. He would usually masturbate onto her breasts and they would both clean up the mess.
~~~
Jay had finished sucking Sandy's breasts and she had come twice. "Mummy?" he asked. "Isn't it time for you to drink my milk?"
Sandy touched Jays glans and his penis twitched. She laughed as she quickly withdrew her hand. She looked into Jay's eyes. She tentatively grasped Jays shaft, but this time she didn't flinch as it twitched in her hand.
Sandy looked into Jay's eyes and said "I'm old enough to be your mother. Do you still want fellatio?"
"I know, Mummy," answered Jay "and thank you for letting me drink your milk, but please, can't I return the favour?"
Jay saw Sandy looking at his penis. He watched the expressions on Sandy's face change from refusal, to resistance, then conflict, followed by acceptance and finally lust.
Sandy bent Jays penis forwards. She guided his glands into her mouth. She pressed her head forwards and Jay felt his glans hit the back of her throat. She pulled away, smothered his shaft with her saliva and pushed her head forward again.
Jay felt a little resistance as his glans pressed against the back of Sandy's throat. He felt her throat open up and then his shaft slide down her throat. She tilted her head back and bent forwards to straighten her neck. Jay felt his shaft continue to slide down Sandy's throat until her nose pressed hard up against his belly.
Sandy held Jay's shaft down her throat. He saw tears in her eyes as she looked into his. He tried to pull back, but Sandy shook her head and swallowed. Jay closed his eyes and gasped "Oh god, Mummy. That feels so good."
Sandy shifted on her chair as she kept Jays shaft deep within her throat. She pulled her head backwards, but Jay felt her still sucking. There was a pop when his shaft left her throat, but she kept sucking.
Sandy cupped Jay's balls and slurped on his glans. She pressed forward and swallowed Jays shaft, all the way down her throat. She kept slurping swallowing and sucking his penis. She moved his balls backwards and forwards to help guide his cock in and out of her throat.
Sandy let Jay's penis slip out of her mouth. She rapidly stroked his shaft and said "Come in Mummy's mouth, Baby. I need a good drink of milk."
Sandy then swallowed Jays shaft again. She drove his penis in and out of her throat like a piston. Jay couldn't hold back. He didn't think any heterosexual male could last long with Sandy's oral attack. He gasped "I'm going to come, Mummy."
Sandy just nodded and sped up her assault. He felt his shaft twitching and his come shoot out of his glans into Sandy's throat.
Sandy kept swallowing and Jay kept coming. Jay almost collapsed as his orgasm abated. Sandy kept swallowing until his flaccid penis was no longer long enough to go down her throat.
Sandy sucked Jays flaccid penis. She let it fall out of her mouth. She lifted Jays boxer shorts and then his jeans into place. She zipped up his fly, stood up, smiled, wiped the back of her hand across her mouth and asked "Was that the best blow job you've ever had, Baby?"
"Yes, Mummy." gasped Jay.
"Don't tell anyone about this, okay?" said Sandy.
"Definitely not, Mummy." agreed Jay.
Jay watched Sandy fill a glass of water and drink it in one go. He asked "Did it taste bad?"
"No, Baby." answered Sandy. "It tasted very nice, but Mummy's throat is a little bit sore. Mummy hasn't done that sort of thing in a long time."
Sandy sat at the table. Jay sat opposite her. She said "You can leave if you want. I won't feel bad."
"I don't what to leave," said Jay "if... if you don't mind?"
"Really?" asked Sandy.
"Yes." answered Jay.
"Won't your real mum wonder where you are?" asked Sandy.
"She thinks that I'm helping you with your garden." answered Jay.
Sandy smiled mischievously and asked "My lady garden?"
Jay laughed and said "Yes please, Mummy."
Sandy looked at Jay and said "I think that we'll leave that for another day.
Would you like a cuppa?"
"Yes please." answered Jay. "I'll make it if you like?"
"You are a gentleman, Jay." said Sandy.
"One who shoots come down your throat?" asked Jay.
"Yes." answered Sandy. "The perfect gentleman."
~~~
Jay watched Sandy topless sun-bathing on her balcony. He brazenly left his curtains wide open and stood so that Sandy could see him watching and wanking.
Jay was getting frustrated it was weeks since the first time he sucked Mummy's tits and he still hadn't touched or seen her lady garden. However, this time it was different.
Sandy removed her bikini bottoms and laid with her feet pointing towards Jay. He watched her bushy crotch as she slowly spread her legs.
Jay used his dad's binoculars to see the details of Sandy's vulva. She lifted her knees and Jay saw her labia bulge between her thighs. He watched as she slowly spread her legs. Her labia parted and he saw the pinkness of her beautiful vulva. He slowly stroked his shaft as he watched her vulva glisten with moisture.
Jay's had enough. He pulled up his pants and ran to Sandy's front door. He rang the doorbell.
Sandy opened the door, dressed in her silky dressing gown.
Jay looked her up and down and said "I want to eat you."
Sandy laughed, shut the door and immediately exposed her breasts. She said "Suck Mummy's tits."
Jay dropped to his knees, lifted the hem of her dressing gown and said "I want to eat this." as he buried his face into her crotch.
Sandy squeezed her thighs together, pushed her bottom backwards and said "Mummy's not ready for this."
"Why?" asked Jay. "Mummy's been teasing me too much. I need to eat you, Mummy."
Jay pulled her crotch towards his face and wiggled his nose into her slit.
"Oh... Oh god... Stop..." gasped Sandy. "Let me wash."
Jay lifted her left leg and said "I'll wash you with my tongue." and then licked along the full length of her vulva.
"Oh god." gasped Sandy. "Are you sure?"
"Yes." answered Jay and sucked on her clitoris.
"Oh... fuck..." gasped Sandy. "Yes, lick Mummy's pussy clean. Clean my dirty cunt."
Jay could taste a combination of sweetness and tartness. He thought it might be from her arousal and maybe leftover from her weeing. He didn't care. He just wanted to make Sandy come. He licked the full length of Sandy's vulva until it tasted sweet.
Sandy said "Suck Mummy's clit, Baby."
Jay sucked Sandy's clitoris.
"Oh god, yes, Baby." gasped Sandy. "Eat Mummy's cunt."
Jay was on his knees eagerly trying to suck Sandy's entire vulva into his mouth. Sandy's leg was draped over his shoulder.
Jay enjoyed feeling enclosed under Sandy's dressing gown. It concentrated the smell of her musky aromas. He felt Sandy untie her dressing-gown belt and let her dressing gown fall open. She put her hands behind Jays neck and pulled his face into her crotch. She said "That's it, Baby. Eat out Mummy."
Jay also loved looking up her torso to see her beautiful breasts, jiggling as her body trembled. He looked into Sandy's eyes and watched her emotions switch back and forth through a gamut of lust, enjoyment, care, maybe pain and possibly love, as she brushed her fingers through his hair. Sandy tilted her head back and thrust her crotch against Jay's face.
Jay lost balance and felt Sandy falling backwards. He held her leg tight against his body but she'd gone over the tipping point. Jay stopped sucking and concentrated on easing Sandy down onto her back. She ended up laying on her coffee table. She seemed unharmed.
Sandy stretched her arms out towards Jay. She lifted her legs and spread them wide. She was smiling with lust. She said "Come on, Baby. Eat Mummy's cunt. Mummy needs Baby to make her come."
Jay knelt before Sandy. He grabbed her ankles and spread her legs wider. Her legs were straight and as wide as possible, opening up her crotch for his full enjoyment.
Jay dropped his mouth onto her vulva. He tried to suck as much of her vulva into his mouth as he could. He slurped at her crotch and tickled the tip of her clitoris with the tip of his tongue.
"Finger me, Baby." cried Sandy. "Finger Mummy's pussy."
Jay easily pushed his index finger into Sandy's vagina. He pulled it out, for a second, to add his middle finger. Both fingers slid into Sandy's vagina without effort and with a slurping sound. Sandy grunted when he added a third finger.
"Do this, Baby." said sandy, as she moved two fingers in a come here motion. Jay imitated Sandy's finger movements.
"Upwards, Baby." said Sandy. "On Mummy's G-spot."
Jay rotated his hand until his fingers were pushing up onto the inside of Sandy's vagina.
"Do you feel that spongy spot, Baby?" asked Sandy.
Jay felt around inside of Sandy's vagina and nodded when he felt the pads of his fingers press against a spongy spot.
"Oh yes, Baby." sighed Sandy. "That's Mummy's G-spot. Rub it for Mummy."
Jay used his three fingers to rub Sandy's G-spot. He sucked the rest of Sandy's vulva and continued to lick Sandy's clitoris.
"Oh god..." gasped Sandy. "That's it, Baby... Keep doing that... Don't stop, Baby... Keep fingering Mummy... Oh god... Oh shit... Ah... Ah. Ah, AH... Ahhhh!"
Jay felt Sandy's vagina tighten around his fingers, but he kept thrusting. He felt a gush of liquid spurt under his tongue so he drank what he could.
Sandy thrashed her head from side to side with her mouth wide open in a silent scream. She moved her hands to Jay's and stayed his thrusts.
Jay slowed down his fingering of Sandy's G-spot, but still kept pushing his fingers in and out of her pussy. He lifted his mouth off Sandy's vulva and said "I want to keep going, Mummy... I want to push more fingers into you, Mummy... I want to make you come again and again, Mummy."
Sandy looked into Jays eyes and said "Okay, Baby. Push more fingers into Mummy."
Jay added his little finger to his other four and they easily slid into Sandy's vagina. Sandy sighed "Oh... yes, Baby... Give me more."
Jay pushed further into Sandy's vagina. It was tight, but then he managed to get the bulk of his palm into Sandy's vagina. He pressed his thumb along her vulva and teased her clitoris with the pad of his thumb.
Jay watched Sandy close her eyes and heard her groan. She held his hand still for a moment. She opened her eyes. She tried to push more of Jay's hand inside of her, but the web of his thumb pressed against her opening and stopped his hand from entering her.
Jay let Sandy guide his hand out of her vagina a little bit. She held his thumb and guided it against her opening. He looked from her eyes to her vulva. He saw his thumb's fingernail enter Sandy's vagina along with his hand. It was so tight.
Jay looked into Sandy's eyes. He shook his head and said "No, Mummy. It's... it's too tight."
Sandy stared at Jay and said "No it's not, Baby. Just do it slowly."
Jay let Sandy guide his hand into her vagina. He frowned as he saw the first knuckle of his thumb, disappear inside her. He said "It's too much, Mummy."
"No, Baby. It's not." said Sandy, as she stared into his eyes. "Fist Mummy. Please fist Mummy's pussy."
Jay looked down as he felt the second knuckle of his thumb pressing against Sandy's opening. He looked into Sandy's eyes. He shook his head.
Sandy said "Fist Mummy's cunt... Fist... Oh god... Fuck!"
Jay heard Sandy groan in pleasure as he watched his hand disappear into Sandy's vagina. He watched Sandy lift her head and shoulders off the coffee table. He was astounded that his hand was inside Sandy's vagina. He felt her muscles squeeze his hand. He saw her vaginal opening wrap around his wrist.
Jay looked into Sandy's eyes. She said, "Fist Mummy's, cunt... you incestuous fucker."
Jay felt lust overpower him. He slowly rotated his hand inside Sandy's vagina and Sandy groaned. He pulled his hand backwards, but it wouldn't come out. For a second, he wondered if they'd have to go to the emergency department to get his hand out of Sandy.
Jay looked at Sandy. He formed a fist with his hand as he pushed his hand into her vagina as far as it would go. Sandy grunted and lifted one shoulder off the coffee table.
Jay pulled back a little and Sandy relaxed her body.
Jay pushed the back of his fingers against Sandy's G-spot. Sandy trembled.
Jay said "Do you like that, Mummy? Do like me fisting your cunt?" as he rubbed his fingers against her G-spot.
"YES!" cried sandy "Fist fuck me, Baby. Make Mummy come with your fist up her cunt."
Jay watched Sandy pinch and pull her nipples as he fist fucked her. Not only did he rub the back of his fingers on her G-spot, he also pushed and pulled his hand the entire range within Sandy's vagina.
Jay felt wickedly turned on. He used his left hand to drop his trousers and boxer shorts. He stroked his super-hard shaft. He didn't usually masturbate with his left hand, but his right hand was busy fist fucking Sandy's cunt.
"Do you like that, Mummy?" asked Jay. "Will that make you come, Mummy?"
Sandy opened her eyes, she watched Jay slowly stroking his shaft and she sighed "Yes, Baby. Make Mummy come and you can come all over me."
"Okay, Mummy." said Jay, as he stroked his shaft in time with the thrusts of his hand into Sandy's vagina. He saw Sandy watching his hand slide up and down his shaft. He added a twisting motion to the thrust of his hand inside her vagina. He increased the rate of thrusts and strokes.
Jay watched Sandy pinch and pull her nipples. He frowned. He thought that would hurt, although, she did have a hand thrusting inside of her. He wondered which hurt the more but kept rapidly thrusting.
Jay watched Sandy's eyes roll back into their sockets. He felt her muscles grip his hand. He resisted the restriction and kept rapidly fisting Sandy. He watched Sandy's body spasm. He asked "Do you like that, Mummy? Are you going to come, Mummy, as I fist... fuck... Mummy's... CUNT!"
"YES!" cried Sandy, as her body convulsed.
Jay felt Sandy's cunt tightly grip his hand, but he kept thrusting.
"OHHH!" cried Sandy, as she kept coming. She opened her eyes wide, looked at Jays penis and said "Come for me, Baby. Come all over Mummy. Come on Mummy and feed Mummy your lovely juice."
Jay looked at his wrist thrusting in and out of Sandy's vagina. He was amazed that his hand was inside her. The thought was too much. He shot his come up into the air. Most of his come landed on Sandy's torso.
"YES! COME FOR ME, BABY!" yelled Sandy and then she started squirting from her vulva.
Jay felt faint as he watched his come and Sandy's come covering her body. He fell onto her belly. He licked at their combined juices. He felt Sandy running her fingers through his hair as he drank.
Jay heard Sandy repeating "Oh, Baby. Oh, Baby."
Jay felt Sandy's throbbing abate and her grip on his hand ease. He pulled out his hand with a slurp. He saw white, gooey liquid covering his hand and oozing out of Sandy's vagina. He licked up all of Sandy's tasty, creamy come.
Once Jay had finished drinking Sandy's creamy juice, he said "You taste so good, Mummy."
Sandy grasped his right hand and licked it. She sucked her juices off his fingers. Once his hand was clean, she scooped up their combined juices and drank them.
Jay watched sandy opened her eyes. She looked embarrassed. She said "What can I say, Baby. I like the taste of sex."
Jay smiled and cuddled Sandy. After a while, Sandy pushed him away from her and said "Let's cuddle on the couch, it's more comfortable."
"Yes of course." said Jay and sat up.
They cuddled for a long time. Jay nestled his head on Sandy's right breast, as he gently sucked her left nipple. Sandy stoked Jay"s hair.
"Did it taste yucky?" asked Sandy.
"No." answered Jay. "It tasted delicious."
"Did... Did it taste of... of wee?" asked Sandy, tentatively.
"A little bit, at first." answered Jay.
"Did you like that?" asked Sandy.
"Yes, Mummy." answered Jay. "I love licking you, no matter how you taste."
Sandy panted for a while. She asked "What about Mummy's hair?"
"What about it?" asked Jay.
"I thought most..." said Sandy "people... nowadays... prefer... hairless?"
"I love your pussy, Mummy." said Jay. "I'll love it anyway you like to display it."
"Soaked in wee and hairy?" asked Sandy.
"Anyway you like, Mummy." answered Jay.
Jay watched Sandy smile as she brushed her fingers through his hair.
"Did I hurt you, Mummy?" asked Jay.
"No, Baby." answered Sandy with a smile.
"Are you sure?" asked Jay.
"It... It did hurt," answered Sandy "but in a nice way. It certainly didn't hurt as much as giving birth."
"I didn't think that you had children?" asked Jay.
Sandy sat in silence for a long time. She sighed and said "I gave up my child for adoption so that I could finish university."
"Is that why I could get my hand inside you?" asked Jay.
"Oh... um... probably." answered Sandy.
"Do you miss your baby?" asked Jay. "Is that why you want to be my mummy?"
"I... I don't know..." answered Sandy with a frown. "I don't think so... I certainly didn't think of my baby until just then, so... I don't think so... I guess it's because I'm so much older than you and... Well... maybe it's a way of me coming to terms with our age difference..." Sandy shook her head and said "I don't know, Baby.
"You certainly know a lot of my secrets. You won't tell anyone, will you?"
"No, of course not, Mummy," answered Jay.
"While we're at it, why Lesbo Les?" asked Jay.
Sandy held Jay's ears and looked him in the eyes. She sighed and said "I can't stay upset with you, Baby. I suppose I'm too deep into this now to worry about you telling anyone."
"I won't tell anyone, Mummy." said Jay.
"No, I know you won't, Baby." said Sandy.
"It's simple." said Sandy. "I was at uni. I had sex with my best friend. She called me Lesbo Les and it stuck for a few months. It was an embarrassing part of my life."
"Why?" asked Jay.
"Homosexuality was illegal in those days and I didn't want to get into trouble." answered Sandy.
"It's legal now isn't it?" asked Jay.
"I... I don't know..." answered Sandy. "I think it's legal, for lesbianism."
"Do you want to have sex with women?" asked Jay.
"No, Baby." answered Sandy. "I like having sex with men."
"And incest with your son." added Jay with a smile.
Sandy laughed and gave Jay a big cuddle.
"I'm sorry." said Jay. "I... I forced you into oral sex."
"What?" asked Sandy. "You didn't force me. It felt fantastic."
"You said that you weren't... ready?" asked Jay.
Sandy hugged Jay and said "Oh, Baby. I hadn't had a wash and I was worried about you not liking the taste of... you know."
"I think that you taste delicious, Mummy." said Jay.
Sandy frowned as she looked into Jays eyes "Are you sure?"
"Yes." answered Jay. "May I eat you now, Mummy?"
"I think that I've had enough for today, Baby." answered Sandy.
"Okay." said Jay, and snuggled his head into her breast.
"What about my bushy bush?" asked Sandy.
"That's okay." answered Jay.
"I thought that young people like to be... um... hairless down there?" asked Sandy.
"It sounds nice but if you prefer bushy then I'm happy with that." answered Jay.
"Okay, Baby." said Sandy and she hugged him onto her breast again.
~~~
Sandy continued to visually tease Jay at night in her bedroom window and during the day on her balcony. She also flashed him her breasts on Sunday afternoons, at Ben and Gail's home.
Jay continued to masturbate as he watched her with the binoculars. He wondered why she no longer showed him her vulva. Then one day, while she was sunbathing, she took off her bikini bottoms and laid down with her feet pointing towards Jay. She lifted her knees, with her knees close together, and Jay could see her puffy labia. He stroked his penis.
Something didn't look right, but Jay couldn't work out what looked different, until Sandy spread her knees, and Jay could see that she was completely hairless.
Jay rapidly stroked his super-hard shaft. He felt himself salivating.
Jay put down the binoculars and ran out of his room. His mum asked, as he ran past her, "Where are you going, young man?"
Jay stopped and answered "I thought I'd see if Sandy wants help with her garden."
"You've been over there a lot lately." said Gail. "There mustn't be a weed left in her garden."
"No, Mum." said Jay. "I think her garden's almost perfect now, but I'd better check."
"Will you be back for lunch?" asked Gail, as he ran out the front door.
"Probably not." answered Jay. "I'll eat over there."
Jay knocked on Sandy's front door.
"Come in." called out Sandy. "It's unlocked."
Jay entered to see sandy laying spreadeagled on the coffee table, completely naked.
Jay paused to take in the magnificent view. Although Sandy showed signs of wrinkles and a little bit of cellulite, she had a fantastic body. She must be doing regular exercise because she only had a very slight bulge of fat on her belly. Her legs were long, her breasts were small, but a perfect size for her petite body, but the best thing about her now, was her perfectly, hairless, pubic mound.
Jay slowly approached Sandy. He knelt in front of her. He sniffed her aroma. He could smell the muskiness of her arousal and the pungent smell of her unwashed vulva.
"You shaved?" asked Jay.
"No I didn't." answered Sandy, defensively.
"You're hairless." said Jay, a bit confused.
"Oh that." teased Sandy. "I've had a wax."
"A wax?" asked Jay.
"Yes, it's when wax is wiped onto the hairs and then, when the wax is rapidly pulled away, it takes the hairs with it." explained Sandy.
"Doesn't that hurt?" asked Jay.
"Don't you like it?" asked Sandy.
"I love it." answered Jay. "It looks so... so... perfect... So inviting... So sexy... So pure."
Sandy said "I thought I'd give you a treat.
"I also haven't washed down there for while. There may be some wee down there."
"Oh." signed Jay. He dove his mouth onto her vulva and lapped up anything he could get his tongue onto. "Oh... you taste so good, Mummy."
"Anything for my Baby." said Sandy.
Jay spread Sandy's legs as wide as they would go and licked her fatty, pubic mound. He looked at her belly as he drank her juice. He saw that her belly was covered in her golden offerings so he licked it off her belly, breasts and sides. Sandy laughed as he licked the sides of her body, and said "That tickles, Baby... Does it taste nice?"
Jay continued to lick up Sandy's juice and when he'd consumed it all he answered "It tastes delicious, Mummy."
Jay licked his way past Sandy's pubic mound and performed cunnilingus.
"Oh god, Baby..." gasped Sandy. "Oh... you're getting so good at that, Baby."
Jay easily pushed two fingers into Sandy's vagina and fingered her G-spot.
"Oh yes, Baby!" said Sandy. "Make Mummy come quickly. I've got another surprise for you."
Jay sucked Sandy's vulva as he rapidly fingered her. He attempted to push a third finger into her but Sandy said "No, Baby. Just two fingers today."
Jay obeyed and fingered Sandy's G-spot with two fingers. He sucked Sandy's vulva as he fingered her and licked her clitoris.
Sandy gasped "That's it, Baby... I'm going... to... come..."
Jay felt Sandy gush into his mouth and her vagina clamped onto his fingers. He kept sucking, licking and fingering her. He knew from experience that Sandy would have at least another orgasm and he wasn't disappointed. Sandy came again, and although she didn't squirt as much into his mouth, he still felt her body spasm and her vagina clamp onto his fingers.
Sandy gasped "That's enough, Baby... Mummy's... Mummy wants you to stop, Baby..."
Jay stopped licking and sucking and felt Sandy's body relax. He slowly pulled out his fingers and Sandy sighed. He was disappointed. He wanted to make Sandy come multiple times.
Sandy held Jays ears and guided him to move up her body. She asked "Did you come, Baby?"
"No, Mummy." answered Jay.
"Do you want to come, Baby?" asked Sandy.
"Yes please, Mummy." answered Jay.
"Do you want to come inside Mummy?" asked Sandy.
Jay looked down at his very hard penis and watched as Sandy tried to guide his glans towards her vaginal opening. He asked "But Mummy, I... I don't want to make you pregnant."
"You won't, Baby." said Sandy. "Mummy's on the pill. It's easy to get nowadays.
"Do you want to fuck Mummy?"
"Yes please, Mummy." answered Jay.
"Then push it in, Baby." said Sandy.
Jay watched their crotches as his glans entered Sandy. He sighed "Oh god." as he felt his glans spread wide Sandy's vaginal walls.
"Slowly, Baby." said Sandy with a smile. "Mummy wants to enjoy this."
Jay nodded and slowly entered Sandy. He kept pushing slowly until their crotches met. He slowly withdrew his shaft until just his glans was nestled inside Sandy's vagina. He trembled as he slowly pushed back inside her again.
Sandy groaned as Jay slowly pushed in and out of her. She gasped "That's it, Baby... Fuck Mummy... give Mummy a baby."
Jay stopped moving and looked at Sandy.
Sandy looked at Jay and asked "What's wrong?"
"I don't want to give Mummy a baby." answered Jay. "I want to be Mummy's only baby."
Sandy hugged Jay and said "Don't worry, Baby. There won't be another baby. I won't get pregnant, but we can have lots of fun trying, can't we?"
"Oh yeah, Mummy." answered Jay. "Get ready for a fucking, Mummy."
Jay rapidly thrust in and out of Sandy. Sandy cried out "Oh fuck, Baby... That's it... fuck Mummy raw..."
Jay had all intentions of fucking 'Mummy' until either he'd orgasmed or she'd tell him to stop. Jay lifted himself by his arms and fucked Sandy as if his life depended on it.
Sandy cried out "Oh fuck... Oh shit... Fuck me, Baby... Fuck me, Baby... Fuck... Oh fuck... Fuck... me... OOH!"
Jay felt Sandy's body jerk and her vagina squeeze his shaft, but he kept thrusting, at the same rapid pace. He felt perspiration form on his brow. He watched Sandy bite the back of her hand. He looked into her eyes as she looked at him, open eyed and with a worried look.
Jay kept fucking Sandy. Sandy took her hand out if her mouth long enough to cry out "OH FUCK!..."
Jay kept fucking Sandy. He felt her vagina throbbing on his shaft. He felt her creamy juices drip off his balls. He... kept... fucking...
Jay was running out of breath but he kept thrusting. He watched Sandy's eyes roll back into their sockets and he kept fucking. He felt Sandy's body go limp and he worried that he may be hurting her, but it was too late. He felt the inevitability of his impending orgasm. He squeezed his eyes shut as he came. He felt spurt after spurt of his semen gush out if his penis into Sandy's vagina. He felt his jism being thrust out of Sandy onto his balls and then dribble onto the coffee table.
Jay stopped thrusting and then started again. It felt so good. He stopped and started again, and again. He was losing energy. His orgasm had drained away his enthusiasm with his ejaculate.
Jay collapsed onto Sandy. Sandy grunted so Jay lifted himself off her body.
Sandy's eyes were fluttering. He asked "Mummy? Are you okay?..." He then yelled "MUMMY?"
Sandy opened her eyes. She looked around.
Jay asked, "Are you okay?"
Sandy closed her eyes and smiled. She whispered "I'm totally fucked."
Sandy opened her eyes again and laughed when she saw Jay's look of concern. She brushed Jay's cheek with her thumb and said "Mummy's totally fucked, Baby. You've fucked Mummy senseless and it felt fantastic. Baby, your the best baby Mummy's ever had."
Jay felt relieved and let Sandy hug him to her chest. He said "Come on, Mummy. Let's rest. I've come and I need to rest."
Sandy let Jay help her up and carry her to the couch. He laid next to her and rested his head on her breast. Sandy hugged Jay and watched him slowly fall asleep. She whispered "Typical male, sleeping after he comes, but Mummy's very happy with Baby's performance, so rest my beautiful Baby."
~~~
Jay went back to uni for the first semester but then had to do industrial training the following semester. He had a job up north and didn't see Sandy or his parents for six months. At the end of the industrial training he was offered a job which he accepted. He studied part time and settled into the local life. He had a few girlfriends before settling down with the girl that he loved.
Jay did return home, on holidays, to stay with his parents and did catch-up with Sandy. She told him that he should be loyal to his girlfriend, so they didn't have sex. They drifted apart when Jay's parents sold up and moved further north, to warmer climes.
Jay found out, through his parents and social media, that Sandy had remarried. Jay thought that there was some lucky bugger out there, fucking his second mum. He smiled, cherishing memories of that wonderful summer with Lesbo Les.
######
The end.