After what was an incredible weekend, the week turned out to be a bit of a let down. Mainly because we couldn't get on the computer and play all night like we had been. Unfortunately I have to work and as such I also have to sleep. Life sucks when work always interferes with play time, but then I guess no work means no pay and no pay means no play.
Mike wasn't going to be on much during the week for pretty much the same reasons as us. Monday and Tuesday went by so slowly that you would swear each day was a week long. Wednesday morning I received a text message from Ella saying she had some good news and to hurry home after work because she wanted to discuss it with me.
It didn't take me long to invent all kinds of scenarios in my mind; the scariest being that Mike had decided to come to Australia after all. I was nervous all day and as soon as the clock hit five thirty I was out the door like a rocket. All the way home I had butterflies in my stomach. It dawned on me how much things had changed in the last week or so. Previously such a message would have had me mildly curious at best and I still might have thought about stopping at the pub on the way home. Wednesday was an informal pub night for some of my mates. You either came or you didn't but more often than not I would. Not tonight. Tonight I broke about ten different laws just to get home that little bit faster.
I screeched to a halt in the driveway and practically ran through the front door. I calmly walked into the kitchen, trying to be nonchalant and failing dismally, where Ella was making a cup of coffee.
"Hi hon. what's the good news?"
"Hi. Couldn't wait huh?"
"That obvious am I?"
Ella laughed as she handed me my cup.
"You are so transparent. You're all excited and scared at the same time. I think it's cute."
"Are you planning on telling me or are you going to tease me all night?"
"I don't know what you're so stressed about. It's not that big a deal."
"You're enjoying this aren't you?"
"Absolutely!" She said with a big grin spreading across her face.
"You are such a bloody tease. Is it about Mike?"
"Yes and no."
"Oh for gods' sake will you tell me what's going on?"
"I have invited Cassie and Steve over for a barbecue tomorrow night."
"Is that all? I mean it will be good to catch up with them but the way you put it in the message made me think it was something big."
"Well I was thinking of asking Cassie if she wanted to have a girl's weekend in the city this weekend. You know see a movie or two, have a few drinks Saturday night and Oh I don't know maybe go to some clubs... of the adult kind."
"Oh!"
"What do you think?"
"I would have liked to have gone with you to be honest. But if you feel you will be safe with just you and Cassie then I guess that will be o.k."
I wasn't exactly thrilled with the idea and I was worried about their safety so I wasn't what you would call brimming with enthusiasm. I was feeling on the outer again and I would probably try to talk her out of it over the course of the evening.
Ella must have known I was feeling insecure because all night she doted on me and kept telling me how much she loved me and that I was the only man for her. I guess I'm just a softie at heart, either that or Ella just really knows how to manipulate me, because by the time I was drifting off to sleep I still hadn't broached the issue with her. Tomorrow I told myself before I drifted off into a very interesting dream about strippers and my wife.
The next morning I woke up to a note from Ella saying she had left early to get the required items for tonight's barbecue. Ella has never been an early riser in fact it was usually me who dragged her physically from the bed each morning. I got the impression she was avoiding talking to me until I came home tonight. Cassie would already be here and it would be a lot harder for me to say no once Cassie already new of the plans. I wondered how Steve would feel about it. That was when I had my first inkling of an idea.
I wandered off to work as per usual and tried to keep my mind on the job but it was awfully difficult knowing what was coming that night when I got home. I wasn't sure how much Ella planned on telling Cassie tonight and my plan kind of hinged on her telling Cassie everything and hopefully in front of Steve. If not I think I might have to pull him aside and tell him myself. I wasn't worried about how Cassie would react; she was up for just about anything and was quite often the life of our parties. I also knew she had a bit of a thing for Ella no matter how much Ella denied it. I was more concerned about how Steve would feel about the girls in the city and clubs without us there to protect them. In fact my plan kind of relied on him being concerned but I didn't want him to say no outright.
I was almost home before I had the plan worked out in my head. I pulled up in the driveway and saw Cassie and Steve's car already there. I walked in the front door and was immediately assaulted. Cassie leapt at me and hugged me fiercely for a second before kissing me on the cheek. She stood back and I was impressed as always by her nice figure and her amazingly short dresses. They seemed to me to be getting just a little shorter each time I saw her. Not that I was complaining. It did make it hard to concentrate though because she was a real little dynamo and was always flitting from one place to another and her dresses always looked like she was about to show a whole lot more. Steve reached out and shook my hand and smiled at my reaction to Cassie.
"You'll have to excuse me for a moment." I said as I headed for the bathroom. "It's stinking hot out there and I want to have a quick shower and get changed before I start the barbecue."
"No problem mate, take your time. We've just got here."
"Alright I'll be out soon."
I grabbed a pair of shorts, a shirt and a towel on my way into the bathroom. The shower was nice as it washed away the day's tension and I relaxed into it. I couldn't help but think of Cassie's gorgeous legs and her barely contained body. Then I thought of the time I was watching her stare up at Ella's barely covered ass and pussy the time she had convinced her to dance on the table. There was an unmistakable look of lust on her face and I started to get hard just thinking about it. I thought about having a quick wank while I was in there but then I thought the evening might be a bit more interesting if I didn't.
I turned off the taps, turned and grabbed the towel off the rack and started drying my hair and face as I stepped out of the shower.
"Mmm Ella was right you do have a nice cock Charlie."
I nearly fell over as I jumped in fright. I turned to see Cassie sitting on the toilet with her panties just below her knees. She was staring at my cock and had a cheeky smirk on her face.
"You look like your half way to a hard-on Charlie. What were you thinking about?"
Once I got over the shock of seeing her sitting there looking at me I thought why not play along?
"Well actually I was thinking about your legs and thinking about how you want Ella."
She blushed a little at hearing what she thought was a secret said aloud. She raised one eyebrow as she looked me in the eye gauging my reaction to the news.
"What makes you think I want Ella?"
"Perhaps it's the way you like to slow dance with her at some parties or maybe it's the way you stare at her with pure lust in your eyes when you think no one is watching. The clincher though was the way you were practically drooling while you looked up her dress when you convinced her to dance on the table that time."
She closed her eyes and took a deep breath as she relived the memory in her mind. When she opened her eyes again she was back to staring at my cock again. I was starting to get hard again thinking about that night and looking at Cassie's legs.
She took a handful of paper, parted her legs and patted lightly on her pussy. When she stood up her dress stayed up around her waste and she stood there with her recently shaved or waxed pussy on full display. I couldn't help but reach down and give my cock a quick squeeze. She was so sexy and I don't think she would have said no if I walked over and took her right then. I bent over, picked up my clothes and stepped into my shorts. She pulled her panties up as I pulled my shorts up. We were tensely focused on each other. I gave my cock another quick squeeze before stuffing it into my shorts and carefully doing the zip up. She smiled and gave her pussy a bit of a rub through her panties then pulled her dress into place. She walked past me to wash up and I pulled my shirt over my head. I felt another quick squeeze on my cock as she went past me on her way out. I let out an involuntary moan and she gave me a wicked grin as she went out the door.
I was surprised by the incident but glad that it hadn't gone any further. As it was I had to spend an extra five minutes in the bathroom just trying to get my hard-on to go back down. I eventually joined the others out the back and started the barbecue as Steve got me a cold beer out of the fridge.
Several beers and a nice steak later I was feeling very laid back. It was a beautiful evening with an orange sunset and a nice cool breeze taking the heat out of the day. It was still early in the season so there weren't too many mosquitoes out yet. We were all very relaxed. Ella looked over to where Cassie and Steve were sitting together on the hammock.
"How would you like a girl's night out this weekend Cassie?"
"Now that sounds like a great idea. Got anything in mind?"
"Well I have some ideas but I need to run something by you first."
All of a sudden I was really tense. I was worried this would not go down well. Ella then spent the next half an hour explaining the whole dare situation with Mike. Both Cassie and Steve were very interested and Cassie demanded to be shown the photos of Mike stating that she refused to believe that any one has a dick like that in the real world. I just laughed as we all made our way to the office and the computer.
Ella opened her file named dares but before she could get to the folder named Mike Steve spotted the thumbnails of her photos.
"Holy shit Ella! Is that you?"
She hurriedly clicked on the Mike file while blushing madly.
"I forgot they were thumbnails." She mumbled. "Here's Mike."
Ella took them through the photos of Mike. Both Steve and Cassie were suitably impressed by the size of Mike's cock. Inevitably though Steve and Cassie started asking questions about what dares were being done. Ella went through them and told them pretty much everything.
"I really want to see your dares Ella."
"Well... I guess I can show you some Steve." Ella said, turning crimson.
We were all crowded around the monitor with Ella sitting in the chair and our guests standing behind her looking over her head. I had already seen them all of course so I was enjoying watching Steve and Cassie's reactions. After a while I could see Cassie's nipples start to get hard under her dress and I couldn't help but think about her squeezing my cock and her bald pussy. I was getting hard again and while Ella was showing them the video of her walking back up the driveway with her tits out I noticed her blushing again. She turned around and looked at Steve.
"You all right there Steve?"
"Huh? Yeah. why?"
"Well your poking me in the arm with your cock and I figure it must be uncomfortable."
Cassie burst out laughing and it was Steve's turn to blush.
"I can't help it. I mean looking at Ella walk around with her tits out would give anyone a hard-on. You look fantastic like that Ella."
As though he just realized what he had said might offend his wife he looked at her and said.
"Yours are beautiful too babe."
I laughed.
"Would you like a shovel to dig your self into a deeper hole Steve?"
Cassie pouted and gave him a pretend angry look.
"So you think her tits are nicer than mine do you?"
"No sweety; that's not it at all."
I felt sorry for Steve even though I knew Cassie was just teasing him. I thought I might have an idea that will turn this situation on its head.
"I think the only fair thing to do is for us to look at yours as well Cassie and compare."
Ella was giggling now.
"You wish Charlie."
"You better believe I do."
They all laughed at this but then Cassie stood back against the wall and pulled her shoulder straps down her arms and released her breasts. There was a moment of silence as we all stared at her. She had a slight tan that went uninterrupted down to her navel with a light smattering of freckles across her upper chest. She obviously sunbathed naked and she had light brown coloured nipples and aureole that seemed to point up toward the sun they worshipped. They were firm and didn't sag a bit. Her nipples were very hard and it was awfully tempting to just lean over and suck one into my mouth.
Ella paused momentarily while she soaked in the sight of her best friends breasts. She then stood up next to her, unbuttoned the top two buttons of her summer dress and pulled it down to her waist. She then turned her back to Cassie who automatically reached up and unclasped Ella's bra. Ella tossed the bra onto the computer desk and turned back to face Steve and myself.
I was rock hard by now and had a teepee in my shorts that was quite uncomfortable. I imagine Steve was feeling pretty uncomfortable in the pants as well. I saw him adjusting a number of times as he stared at Ella's creamy white tits. Both girls were blushing but it was Cassie who kept things going.
"Well if you're going to compare, you have to do it properly. Have a feel."
I heard Ella draw in a sharp breath and she gave Cassie a sideways glance that was full of uncertainty. Her sudden intake of breath came back out as a soft moan as Steve reached up and took one of her nipples between his fingers. I didn't want to be left out either and though I was watching for Ella's reaction I ran my hands over Cassie's firm breasts and felt her hard nipples poking into the palms of my hands. Ella moaned again as she watched me playing with Cassie's tits.
"Do you like the feel of her tits Steve?" Cassie asked.
"Yes they feel fantastic. They're nice and firm like yours but they are so pale. They are like milk."
"Do they taste like milk Steve? Taste them for me."
Cassie was obviously very turned on by the whole situation and it was apparent Ella had relaxed as she didn't bat an eye when Steve leaned forward and took one of her nipples in his mouth. She just put her head back and moaned deep in her throat, almost a purr. Ella looked back down at me with lust in her eyes.
"Aren't you going to taste Cassie too? I want to watch you suck her nipples hard like you do to me."
I certainly didn't need telling twice. I took one of those delicious upturned nipples into my mouth and sucked hard. Cassie moaned and ran her hands through my hair as I ran my tongue around her nipple then flicked it rapidly with my tongue.
"O.k. Now it's time to swap." Ella said.
Steve and I swapped places and went about pleasuring our own wives breasts for a few minutes before Cassie said it was time to swap again. We all looked at each other momentarily confused until Cassie leaned over and sucked Ella's nipple straight into her mouth. I nearly came on the spot. Steve looked on in awe.
"Oh my god! That is so unbelievably hot."
I had to agree with him. Ella had a strange look on her face, a mixture of confusion and pure animal lust. As though it felt fantastic but she wasn't sure that it should. Cassie stood up, looked Ella in the eye and said.
"My turn."
She put her hand on the back of Ella's head and gently guided her mouth to her nipple. Ella's instincts took over and she started sucking and licking like an expert. Cassie shivered and let a moan.
"Oh god yeah, that's it. Oh you do that so well."
All of a sudden the phone rang. It was like an alarm clock going off and it was as though we were all waking up from a particularly pleasant dream. I reached for the phone and the girls started to get dressed again with slightly embarrassed looks on their faces.
"Hello?"
"Yes, good evening sir." Came the reply in an Indian accent. "I am calling today to talk to you about your telephone service provider."
Unbe-fucking-leivable!
"Do you have any concept of how incredibly bad your timing is?"
"I am terribly sorry sir. Would you like to save money on your long distance calls?"
I bit back the tirade of abuse that was on the tip of my tongue and instead I explained that I was in fact not interested. I put the phone down and looked around at everyone but they were all busy avoiding each others eyes and I knew the moment had passed.
"Who wants another drink?"
"Good idea Steve, I know I could use one."
I was going to have a hangover tomorrow but I was at the point of not caring.
"So Ella, tell me what this dare involves on the weekend and how does it involve me?"
Cassie was still interested I was pleased to see but Steve had a look on his face that made me realize I was going to have to put my plan into action.
"My dare is to suck a stranger's cock and I need someone to record it and then talk to Mike about the circumstances surrounding it."
There was a long pause while this news sunk in.
"Oh, so nothing too difficult then." Cassie said with a laugh. "Charlie can't do it because he's not supposed to know about it, is that right?"
"That's right. I know this is kind of a weird thing to ask of you but you're the only person I would trust to do this."
Steve returned from the next room with the drinks and he had a bit of a scowl on his face.
"I don't know if I like this." He said. "It's not that I don't trust you two together, although I'm not sure that I should, I am more concerned with the danger of the situation. How do you intend on doing this? If it means picking up a stranger and taking him to a motel room or something like that I will have to say no."
Cassie gave Steve a look that would make any man take a step back.
"Do you honestly think either of us would do something that stupid? There are other ways to do this."
I was intrigued that Cassie had obviously thought about this enough to know of other options. Steve looked like he was about to ask her about this too when Ella explained what she had in mind.
"A glory hole."
"What?" Steve looked a little confused. I wasn't sure if he didn't know what a glory hole was or if he was surprised that Ella did.
"I looked up locations of glory holes in the city and once I had found a few I looked into the ones that were in the busiest areas of the city. The benefit being that you don't have to worry about picking up guys in a bar or somewhere else. Everyone knows why they are there and there are no worries about seeing the person in your normal everyday life. In fact you probably won't see their face at all and if you don't want them to they won't see yours either. I like the idea of the men being at your mercy so they are going to be on their best behavior."
Steve still didn't look convinced but he looked as though he was thinking it through. Ella could see his uncertainty.
"I don't expect Cassie to join in Steve. I'm not asking her to cheat on you. I just want her to be there as a witness to me completing my dare. All I want of her is to film this experience for me and be a support for me, someone to hold my hand if you like. I'm pretty nervous about doing this. It's not something I would normally do but it is my dare and it's a part of me I would like to explore a little."
I could see Steve begin to relax a little. Then a smile crept across his lips.
"I know a way you can do this real safe."
Ella was onto him straight away and laughed.
"Nice try Steve. It has to be a stranger though."
Cassie burst out laughing as well.
"Cheeky shit; asking my best friend for a blow job right in front of me. There is no way I'd let you get sucked by Ella, unless of course Charlie got to suck me too."
We all laughed at that but I knew Cassie would be up for that and if I was honest with myself I think I probably would be to.
Ella had a look on her face that suggested she would probably be interested as well but the whole conversation was going in a direction she didn't want it to really go just yet. She was already asking more of her friends than she ever thought she would and felt as though she might be risking their friendship already.
"I think there has been enough sucking on each other tonight."
Ella walked back out of the office and into the living room and it was obvious this part of the conversation was over. Steve followed her and was already asking her more questions about her plans. I was about to follow when Cassie put her hand on my arm holding me where I was. She watched Ella and Steve turn the corner into the lounge room. As soon as they had turned the corner she looked at me and pulled her shoulder straps back down once again revealing her gorgeous, tanned breasts.
"I haven't had nearly enough sucking."
I would like to say I resisted but the truth is I didn't even come close. I dived in and had her hard nipple between my lips and teeth in a nano second. I reveled in her beautiful breasts and she held me to them with her hand firmly gripping my hair. She let go of my hair and grabbed the hand that was gently squeezing her breast. She held it firmly and slid it down her body until I could feel her bare thigh. She then slid it up under her short dress straight to her very damp panties.
"Can you feel how turned on I am by this whole thing Charlie?"
"Oh god yes. You're so swollen and wet."
I rubbed her pussy back and forth a few times through her soaked panties and I started to push her panties up into her opening.
She took a step back and removed my hand from her pussy. She pulled the straps back up over her shoulders and took a deep steadying breath.
"Whoo. That was good. But I had to stop or I was going to fuck you right there and I don't think the other two would appreciate that."
"Yeah you're right. I'm just not thinking straight at the moment."
Cassie giggled.
"Sure you are. You're just thinking with this." She reached out and stroked her fingernails along the underside of my hard cock through my shorts, sending shivers through my whole body. "Instead of this." She said as she tapped my forehead.
"I think I better wait in here until I get certain matters under control. Although it's going to be difficult when..." I raised my hand to my nose and inhaled deeply, breathing in Cassie's spicy scent. "I have you're delicious scent and your sweet taste so near." I popped my middle finger into my mouth and sucked her juices off it.
Cassie shivered as she watched me suck my finger then turned to leave the room.
"I have to go mop up or I'll be leaking soon."
I sat down at the computer and slowly began closing down the folders we had opened to explain things to Cassie and Steve. I could feel the heat leaving my cheeks and I was just starting to get a little more comfortable in my shorts. I was really tempted to smell Cassie on my fingers again but decided that would just stir things up again. I heard a noise behind me and turned to look. Ella was standing in the doorway.
"Where did Cassie go? I thought she was right behind me."
"She said she had to go to the loo."
Ella smiled and nodded as though she understood completely.
"What are you doing?"
"Just closing this stuff down. I won't be long."
"We have guests. Don't be rude and hide in here."
"I'm on my way now." I said as I closed the last folder.
I stood up and Ella looked straight at my crotch and gave me a funny little smile. I looked down and noticed that a large drop of pre-cum had left a small damp circle on my shorts. I looked back up at Ella embarrassed.
"Don't worry about it. We've all got moisture issues at the moment."
She smiled and the toilet flushed as though to emphasize her point. I joined her back in the lounge room just as Cassie came back in.
"Feel a bit better?" Ella asked with a cheeky smile.
"Much better, thank you."
Cassie sat on the couch next to Steve on the opposite side of the room from Ella and I. Steve was asking more questions about the logistics of the girls' weekend, where would they stay, where were they going, what were they going to do to stay safe etc. It all started to just blur into the background for me and I looked across at Cassie. She was rolling her eyes at Steve's questions and returned my look with a smile.
She crossed her arms over her chest and from where I was sitting I could see one of her fingers playing across her nipple gently. The angles we were seated at meant that Steve and Ella couldn't see what she was doing. Every now and then she would look at me and smile but most of the time she was pretending to be interested in the conversation. I looked back at her finger as it flicked across her nipple again. Her finger stopped flicking her nipple and was pointing down.
Even though she was still involved in their conversation she would look at me from time to time. I looked up at her face and she smiled as she gave me a slightly exaggerated look to say look down. As I did she shifted slightly forward on the couch which made her skirt ride up a bit higher and she slightly spread her legs. To Ella and Steve it just would have looked like she was getting into the conversation more and rebalancing but to me it was so much more.
I got an uninterrupted view of her glistening pussy. While she was in the loo she must have removed her panties. She was obviously extremely turned on. Her pussy lips were swollen and glistening with her juices. I leant forward as though listening to the conversation and rested my elbow on my knee and my chin on my hand. Cassie must have known what I was doing because she gave me a huge grin when I breathed in deeply with my finger just below my nose. I was inhaling her scent from my fingers as I was watching her very wet pussy under her skirt.
Cassie spread her legs just a little further without being too obvious about it and I could see her lips slowly start to part. They were so pink and plump and wet that they kind of held together for just a few seconds then came apart. I could see straight into her pussy now and it was open, ready for a hard cock. God I wanted it to be mine but I knew this was as close as I was going to get. I could see some of her fluids start to leak out of her and I knew there would be a wet patch on the couch.
Steve and Ella seemed to have ironed out any wrinkles in the plans for the weekend and Ella double checked with Cassie to make sure she was up for it.
"God yeah. I can't wait. We are going to have a blast."
Steve stood up.
"We had better get going Cassie seeing as we all have to get to work in the morning."
Cassie stood up and I followed directly behind her. Cassie and Ella were standing in the doorway saying their goodbyes and Steve was waiting out at the car when I realized I hadn't spoken to him about my plan.
"Excuse me ladies." I said as I squeezed past them. It was a tight fit but I must admit that I did take my time as I squeezed past Cassie's ass, rubbing my hard cock across her barely covered cheeks on the way. It didn't help that Cassie pushed back a little trapping me momentarily between the door jamb and her ass.
I wandered over to Steve.
"How do you feel about this weekend?"
"I'm not overly happy about it. I mean the girls will do whatever they want and that doesn't really bother me that much because I don't think they will take it too far but I am worried about their safety."
"I have an idea about that."
"Oh?"
"Yeah, how about we follow them without them knowing? We will have to be careful we don't get caught but I think we can do it. Kind of like a stake out, just watch from a distance and if something goes wrong we won't be far away to help."
"What about when they go into this glory hole place?"
"Like I said we watch from a distance, when we think they're settled in we could get a bit closer. Maybe we could disguise ourselves a bit?"
"That sounds like a good idea. I would feel a lot better about it if I knew we weren't too far away. Shh here they come."
I turned and spoke as though in the middle of a sentence.
"That's a great idea. We'll go fishing for the weekend while the girls have their weekend."
Cassie and Ella walked up to us and stood on either side of me.
"Ella and I wondered what you two were discussing out here. Seems like you've got your weekend worked out too."
"Well, why not. We can all play with some worms on the weekend."
Ella rolled her eyes at my pathetic joke and went around the other side of the car to give Steve a hug goodbye. As she did Cassie leaned up and hugged me close to her as well. She gave me a one armed hug and the other hand disappeared down the waist band of my shorts. She gave my cock a quick squeeze again and as she removed her hand I could feel some material between my cock and my belly. She was still hugging me and whispered in my ear.
"They're to enjoy later. Seeing as you enjoyed the smell of my pussy so much."
We waved them good bye and walked inside. Ella was so excited about the up coming weekend that she had to go e-mail Mike and let him know it was going ahead. I wandered off in the direction of the bathroom, trying not to look in too much of a hurry.
I closed the bathroom door behind me and pulled out Cassie's panties. They were still wet from the soaking she had given them. I held them up to my nose and delighted in the spicy scent of her pussy. I was like a dog in heat, I wanted to smell them, taste them, and even roll in them if I could. I contained myself to holding them tight against my face and inhaling her off them. I had visions of her parted pussy dripping her fluids and of rubbing them into her soaked mound.
I was startled out of my reverie as Ella walked toward the door asking if I was coming to bed. I got the panties into my pocket just in time as Ella came through the door.
"Come to bed honey, I'm so horny I just have to have your cock in me now."
She reached around me and hugged me tight then gave me a very passionate kiss. When she released me she had a slight frown and gave me a querying look. She shrugged her shoulders as though coming to some decision then grabbed me by the hand and dragged me toward the bedroom. Not that I was putting up a fight. She pushed me back onto the bed and pulled my shirt up over my head. She then pushed me onto my back and pulled off my shorts. I love it when Ella gets all forceful and horny. She reached down to the bottom of her dress and pulled it straight up over her head. She still hadn't put her bra back on and that made me think of Steve sucking on her nipples.
She bent over and took my cock straight into her mouth and gave me a few quick sucks and licks before pulling off her panties and crawling up my body. I took her nipple in my mouth and she just sat straight down on my cock. She took me half way in on the first attempt and bottomed out on the second. Ella was extremely hot and wet tonight.
"I've gotta tell you babe, I'm not going to last long tonight."
"Neither am I."
She said as she sat up and started rocking slowly backwards and forwards making my cock rub on her "G" spot. She leaned forward and we kissed again. This time she stopped and I could hear her breathing in through her nose.
"Is she sniffing me?" I thought to myself, and then it dawned on me.
Ella sat upright again and was looking at me suspiciously.
"Did you eat Cassie's pussy tonight?"
"What?"
I know, lame.
"I can smell pussy on you. But I didn't think you had time to eat her out."
"I did not have sexual relations with that woman." I said in my best Clinton accent. Maybe a joke would throw her off the scent, so to speak.
She looked at me very seriously.
"Honey, I don't care if you did. She's extremely hot and I want to eat her pussy so why shouldn't you?"
As she was saying this she was milking my cock with her pussy muscles. I was in shock.
"I think I would like to watch you eat her out. And I would like you to watch me eat her out. I would love to make her cum on my tongue. In fact if you had told me to I would have blown Steve tonight too. Right in front of his wife."
This was about all I could stand and I could feel myself on the verge of letting go when Ella stopped and spared me for a while longer.
"You are such a beautiful, sexy woman Ella. Just glorious."
"Do you want to watch me sucking cock Charlie? Do you want to see me covered in someone else's cum?"
"Oh God yes. I can't wait to see the video of you with someone else's cock in your mouth and splattered with their cum."
"Good because I have been soaking wet all night thinking about it. I would have let Steve cum on my tits for you to see and I would have let Cassie eat that cum off me too."
"Oh I can't take any more I'm going to cum."
Ella leapt off me quick as a flash and started to take me back in her mouth. She had never done this before and I completely lost it. All the night's build up let go from me in four powerful bursts. The first went straight into her mouth and she moved up a little letting my cock fall out of her mouth. The next three bursts landed right on her chest. She sat up started rubbing my cum into her skin and swirling it around her nipples. She took one of her hands and started to rub her clit. She rubbed in small fast circles and her breathing became ragged. All of a sudden she straightened up and every muscle in her wonderful body tensed as though she was receiving an electric shock.
As she relaxed back down, she took her hand from her pussy and sucked the mixed juices off her fingers. If I had the energy I would have cum all over again at the sight.
"I never knew I would like the taste of pussy. But I like it even more when it's mixed with your cum."
She leant over and gave me a kiss. At first I was a bit grossed out at the thought of tasting my own cum but as she said, mixed together it isn't so bad.
We lay back down on the bed and I wasn't all that far from asleep when Ella whispered in my ear.
"Would you like to watch Cassie eat Steve's cum from my pussy?"
"You have no idea what you're doing to me. How am I supposed to sleep with that image in my head?"
Ella giggled.
"You didn't answer my question."
"That's because I don't believe it would ever happen. There is no point getting all turned on about something that won't happen."
"If you say so."
I could hear the smirk in her voice and wondered what was going on that I didn't know about.
Moments later we were unconscious.
We woke up in exactly the same positions we fell asleep in. both very sticky and with hangovers that would kill a horse.
"Thank god it's Friday." Said the man on the radio and I had to agree with him.