Suzy lead me through to the Bedroom. This Hotel suite was huge. It consisted of two bedrooms, one huge lounge, two bathrooms and a small kitchen. It must be costing Jim a fortune and here I was fucking his slut wife and doing to her whatever I wanted, in every hole and every room!
The bedroom had a huge four-poster bed with ceiling to floor mirrors on one whole wall. I climbed on the bed and Suzy once again straddled me. I turned her onto her back and knelt between her legs.
Her shaved pussy glistened as I nudged my cock between the pussylips. She opened her legs wide and held her ankles.
My cock slid all the way inside her still tight pussy. As I buried the full length, I rested my body on top of her wonderful naked form.
My lips met hers and we kissed passionately as we made slow sensual love.
Suzy raised her legs and placed her high-heeled feet on my buttocks as I fucked her slowly and deeply.
Suzy came with my mouth clamped on hers.
I looked over at the mirrors and could see my cock sliding in and out of her tight bald pussy.
The contrast of her tan and my white skin was quite erotic.
Her quickened breathing made her ample bosom rise and fall furiously.
She rolled over on the bed and resumed fucking me on top.
She placed her hand behind her back and grabbed my cock as it slid in and out of her pussy.
Moving her body slightly she took my cock from her pussy and placed the tip inside her tight ass.
As my cock slowly slid inside her convulsing anus she kissed me deeply.
Placing both of her hands on my chest she looked down at me and told me that she was going to milk my cock dry.
I can honestly state that in no time of my life had I ever been this horny for so long.
Everything she did excited me.
She moaned softly as my cock slid in and out of her ass.
She whispered once that I'd come all over her face she would change into something sexy.
I enquired how sexy?
She retorted by saying we could have a little fashion show.
I put my hands around her small waist and watched her huge breasts sway as she rode my cock.
The spunk was beginning to rise and my orgasm was on its way.
Suzy was in the throes of her own orgasm. She thrusted her hips at my cock, as it impaled her ass. She looked me in the eye as her own eyes began to roll with sexual pleasure and begged me to fuck her harder.
I pushed my cock deep in her ass making her come and catch her breath at the same time.
I told her that I was about to come, when she climbed off my cock and clamped her swollen lips over my purple rim and allowed my seed to empty into the back of her accepting throat.
Again every drop was swallowed.
Repeating her earlier process of licking my cock clean, she slurped her way around my shaft and my tired depleted balls.
The warmness of her tongue kept my cock at semi erect.
Moving up my body she kissed me passionately.
The smell of sex and spunk hung strongly on her lips.
For some reason this aroused me and my cock began to grow to full erection again.
Cuddling into me with her wonderful naked body she asked what my preference of outfit would be.
I looked at this vision of a body and enquired what outfits were on offer.
Suzy went over to a small holdall and began to take out various sexually erotic items of clothing.
There was a vinyl nurse's outfit in tight white shiny vinyl with a very plunging neckline, which would definitely be put to good use.
There was a Black leather look Corset with Black Fishnet stockings, which had my cock straining instantly.
Next she showed me a Black wet look G-string with Stripper Pasties and finally a schoolgirl uniform.
I looked over the erotic feast and said to Suzy.
"With your huge tits, tiny waist and shaved pussy, I think I would like to see you in the Corset with Fishnets.
Scooping them up she said she would pop into the other bedroom and change and get some black high heels when she was in there.
"Do you want me to wear a thong or anything?" she asked
"Not really, I want to see your beautiful pussy!"
"Good. I'll also bring the camera through so Jim can see what we were up to"
She turned on her heels giggling as she went to get changed into her sexy outfit.
I got off the bed and rummaged through my jeans for my iPhone so I could get a few reminders of the occasion.
I placed the iPhone on the bedside table looking around the huge bedroom, not believing my luck at fucking my friend's wife and all with his approval. I never in my wildest imagination imagined that Suzy would be such an incredible slut. She loved fucking and didn't matter which hole as she worshiped cock so much. My mind was swimming with erotically charged thoughts of everything I'd just witnessed and what was to come.
My cock was rock solid with anticipation.
I heard the other bedroom door close and the familiar clip clop of high heels. Suzy walked into the bedroom and totally took my breath away.
She was standing in the frame of the door wearing a tight black Corset, which had pulled her waist in even more so.
Her arms were covered in long black gloves and her tanned slender legs encased in black fishnet stockings.
She was wearing six-inch spike heeled strappy court shoes.
She winked at me and threw a camera in my direction.
The camera had a tripod attached and could take video or photographs.
I set the camera up on the bedside table angled toward the Mirrored wall.
The bed was in full view on the image finder and I clicked record.
Picking up my iPhone I clicked a few snaps of Suzy wearing this glorious outfit.
Suzy began posing like a porn star.
Sticking her bare ass in the air and licking the finger of her glove.
She then climbed on the bed and resting on her knees and elbows she arched her back and pushed her ass high in the air.
The poses were on her back with her legs apart displaying her shaved pussy for the camera.
Suzy loved posing and was obviously aroused from the cameras attention. The lady was a pure exhibitionist as I found out in the Bar earlier.
Now she was in her domain and loving every second of it.
Suzy leant forward and placed a gloved hand on my rock hard cock.
She leant forward so her lips were almost on my cock when she turned her face to the camera and said
"Jim I'm going to suck his cock then he'll fuck my pussy and ass and finally he'll come all over my face. Hope you like the outfit. Also I'll be staying with him tonight and we'll have a nice morning fuck when we wake up. Feel free to join us!"
She then began to suck my cock like the biggest slut ever. Slurping and licking the entire length. All for the benefit of her voyeur husband but it was also doing wonders for me.
I noticed a Rabbit vibrator had appeared on the bed and took hold of the phallic toy. Turning on to the lowest speed I leant over to rub the toy on Suzy's bald slit.
Suzy was so aroused from all the previous fucking that the toy slit inside her without any resistance. Suzy began to slowly fuck the sex toy.
I took this opportunity to increase the speed and ensure the little rabbit ear clitoris stimulators were positioned over her clitoris.
Suzy stopped sucking my cock as her orgasm began to overpower her.
I turned her body round to face the camera lens so the rabbit could be seen fucking her sopping wet cunt.
Suzy buried her face into the bed as the rabbit fucked her to yet another orgasm.
Suzy groaned as her orgasmed swept through her entire body.
She began begging to be fucked by cock.
She turned her head back toward the camera and looking into the lens she said
"I want him to fuck me as he is the best fuck I have ever had. I want his cock regularly he really satisfies me!" then buried her face back into the bed and thrust away at the sex toy.
She looked at me and winked and said
"Please give me your cock and fuck me like my husband can't!"
I knelt behind Suzy and guided my blood-engorged cock deep inside her pussy.
She started playing to the camera on immediate entry.
"Fuck me hard and make me come. You're so much bigger than my husband!"
This was for Jim's benefit but it was also doing me the power of good.
"Oh my god you're so good. You're so much better than my husband!"
I continued to fuck her wonderful pussy and began to insert a finger into her ass as I fucked away.
"Yes! Finger my ass and get it ready for your cock!"
This was all for the benefit of the camera but it was most definitely working on me. She was riding my cock feverishly begging to be fucked harder and better than her husband.
"I'm going to fuck you in the ass!" I said taking part in this little drama.
"Yes fuck my ass like a real man and make me feel like a slut!" she replied
I removed my cock from her pussy and rammed my cock inside her ass in one thrust. She almost screamed with delight and the onslaught continued with her telling me I make her come more than her husband and how much she loves my cock and having it inside her.
"So this is what you do behind your husband's back! Get fucked in the ass like some cheap slut!" I tormented
"And I swallow they're spunk!" she enthused.
I kept this frantic rhythm for about five more minutes, drilling her ass at a frantic pace, when I yelled that I was about to come.
"Come on my face like the slut that I am, so my husband can see a real man come!"
I pulled my cock out of her ass and she turned her body around and moved her face toward my wanking cock. The first splash of hot sticky come sprayed across her cheeks. She wrapped her beautiful lips around my erupting cock and sucked every drop out of my exploding cock. She moaned continuously as my cock was expertly drained. Suzy stood up from the bed and walked to the camera.
Before turning the camera off, she winked at me and said.
"Please fuck me again; I'll be your slut. I need to feel like a woman!"
Then smiling she turned off the camera.
"He should like that performance, I know I did!"
Taking her shoes off, she climbed into bed still wearing the erotic lingerie. Snuggling her ass into my groin she placed the tip of my semi erect cock into her puckered ring.
"Let's see if its there in the morning"
Lying in the spoons position, she backed onto my cock and turned her head for a goodnight kiss. Her soft lips brushed delicately against my own as her wriggling tongue gently soothed my own tongue. Her hand stroked my cheek as she turned her head away and snuggled into the pillow.
Holding her ample breasts with my cock still in her ass, we drifted into a deep sensual sleep.