Part Two for the genuine readers and the sad haters who persecute this segment of stories. Some of these guys are Veterans who supposedly fought for free speech but we all know from their ridiculous responses on here that thats not true.
Regardless I hope you enjoy part two.
Climbing out of the car, I saw the silhouette of my husband on the Venetian blinds draped in the bay window. He was frantically pacing the floor of our lounge waiting for my return. Maybe I was pushing his buttons much harder than he hoped for, but I have to admit I had never been so sexually excited.
Don nodded toward the window, indicating that he witnessed the shadow of my husband.
Don placed his manly hand on the soft leather of the mini skirt, squeezing the erotic material into the flesh of my buttocks. We walked slowly up to the front door as I placed my key in the lock. Turning the key slowly, I heard the distinctive click as the lock opened.
Resting the palm of my hand on the door I slowly opened it and stepped inside. All the while Don was kneading my leather clad ass. He stepped inside and I closed the door behind us.
Don pulled me close to him, close enough to feel the pulsating throbbing of his erect cock. The electric fizzing in my pussy and belly were strangely erotic as I closed my lips over Dons. Our tongues slowly entwined as his right hand slid under my mini skirt and began to stroke my shaved pussy delicately. I moaned softly into Dons mouth, as my hips slowly rocked to the rhythm of his exploring fingertips.
My ears heard the sound of my husbands footsteps walking toward Don and I in the hallway. I halted our passionate kiss and made my way into the lounge as Don stroked the crack of my ass with his feather light fingertips.
Hubby saw me enter the lounge and smiled warmly, but the smile faded as he cast his eyes on Don walking behind me. My husbands eyes narrowed as he saw Don manhandling his wife in a sexual manner. My pussy was fluttering with excitement as I stood before my husband with another man stroking my asshole and very wet shaved pussylips.
"Don and I are going to fuck each other on the sofa and you can watch, then he and I will go up to our bedroom where he will fuck me in our marital bed!" I stated harshly
"You can listen but you can't come in the bedroom when he is fucking me!" I smiled with just a hint of cruelty.
"After he has fucked me in our marital bed" I said emphasising the word marital "He and I will leave to get my car then I'll return and you and I will fuck each other if that's what you would like!"
Hubby looked me in the eyes and obediently nodded acceptance of my terms.
"You make yourself comfortable while I get Dons hard cock inside me!" I taunted stroking the front of Don's trousers and giving his snake like cock a gentle squeeze.
Don obligingly nodded toward my husband as he took my large firm breasts in his hands and began to squeeze my breasts and the leather waistcoat.
I unzipped the tight leather mini skirt, feeling it slide down my stockinged thighs as it fell to the floor. I stepped out of the skirt, standing in my heels and stockings with no underwear on, showing my shaved pussy to my husband and soon to be lover. Both guys let out an audible gasp as my pussy was revealed framed in the erotic lingerie.
Don removed his hands from my breasts and impatiently began unbuckling his belt and undoing his trousers. His trousers and boxer shorts hit the floor in record time with a dull thud as his huge erection sprang forth, surprising both myself and my voyeuristic husband.
I instinctively placed my right hand on the shaft of his hard cock and began to stroke the impressive manhood very slowly. The powerful pulsating cock throbbed magnificently in my hand as I slowly stroked the entire length, staring at my husband as I did so.
Don placed his hands round my waist and lifted me off the floor. Somewhat I surprised at his actions I let out a little Ooh!
Don rotated my body so that my head was pointing to the floor and my feet were pointing to the ceiling. Without giving it a second thought I spread my legs wide showing Don my open shaved pussy. Don lifted me so that my pussy was level with his chin as his tongue darted at my wet labia. Flicking his vibrant tongue all around my pussy opening, I felt myself pushing my cunt toward his prying tongue.
Repaying the compliment, I took the head of his monster cock and slid my lips over the domed glans. My tongue swirled around the tip of his cock as I sucked his cock head, tasting his greasy pre-cum.
I glanced over at hubby who was totally mesmerised. He may have been anxious and jealous at first but it was obvious from the flushed look of his cheeks that his state of arousal was off the charts right now. He was adjusting the huge erection in his trousers, nervously biting his bottom lip, an obvious sign of his arousal, taking in the vision of his hotwife sucking another mans cock as the strangers tongue was buried deep inside the pussy that once was solely his.
I was unaware that oral sex could be so outrageously satisfying. Dons tongue was every bit as impressive as I expected his cock to be. The position my body was in as Don devoured my cunt only added to the sexual excitement. It was the ultimate slut act sucking his cock upside down with my legs wide open as my cunt was being openly devoured.
What was going through my husbands mind at that moment I can't begin to imagine, but from the huge erection he was sporting with the almost purple flushing of his face, he seemed to be sexually thrilled from my hotwife performance.
Don walked over to our sofa with me clinging on like a sexual attachment. Slowly he sat on the edge of the sofa and leant back. I rested my stocking thighs on the back of the sofa and began to grind my hips into Dons face. Don was doing sexual acrobatics with his swirling tongue, running the wet muscle all around the inner lips of my aroused pussy.
I could feel the first wellings of an orgasm building through my oscillating pussy. My mouth was now removed from Dons cock as my breathing became more sexually frantic. A deep moan emanated from my mouth as the first wave of a sensational orgasm swept over me.
"I want your cock inside me!" I panted "Fuck me like a whore!" I sobbed as my eyes rolled showing only the whites. My body was trembling as the greatest orgasm I had ever experienced surged through me. Licking Dons cock like some possessed demon, I glanced over at my husband who was as wide eyed as he had ever been in his entire life. The tip of my tongue was sliding around the helmet of Dons cock as I looked at my husband through half closed orgasmic eyes.
Don tapped my buttocks and said.
"Sit on my cock babe and we'll let hubby here see you get stretched and fucked!" He said with such an alpha arrogant tone.
I decided to play along with scenario and subserviently replied.
"Please fuck me with your huge hard cock!" I pleaded for effect.
I swear that at that moment, hubby let out a groan that emphasised just how turned on this situation was making him feel. I felt at that moment that our sexual relationship was changed forever and I would be fucking and sucking whomever I want, whenever I want and hubby would gratefully accept the situation, even revel in it. This did not in any way dampen my ardour. It only served to intensify the sexual electricity I was enjoying.
Don helped me move off the back of the sofa and I managed to plant my high heeled feet on to my lounge floor. My pussy was throbbing awaiting the arrival of Dons huge cock. Don raised himself up the sofa and beckoned me to sit astride his lap and impale myself on his beautiful cock.
Hubby looked on with an obvious expression of excitement. I placed my right leg outside Dons left thigh and eased my pussy toward the tip of Dons rock hard erection. The hard tip nudged at my pussylips almost kissing them open as the shrouded over the engorged tip of his delectable cock. My head went back as I let out a throaty moan expressing my carnal desire that Dons cock was satisfying lustfully. My left leg nestled on the out side of Dons right thigh as I eased slowly down the veined hard shaft of Dons cock. Slowly his cock slid inside my pussy inch by inch, stretching my tight hole as my husband looked on in awe. As the domed head of Dons cocked banged at the entrance of my cervix I delighted in the strange sense of pleasure and pain this beautiful cock was inflicting on me. Within seconds my pussy accommodated Dons cock as though it was an old friend visiting. My hips began to gyrate lustfully, fucking Don like a wanton slut.
I looked over toward hubby who was wearing the mot salacious grin, indicating he was enjoying this almost as much as I.
Don unfastened the leather waistcoat and removed it from my body. Next he unhooked my balconette bra and tossed it toward my hubby, like he was throwing confetti.
Hubby grasped the bra and placed it on the arm of the chair he was sitting in. My unfettered breasts were thrusting forward with each dynamic gyration, my breathing reaching a frantic level as my next orgasm began to surge its way through my entire sexual being. Don cupped my firm shapely buttocks and pulled my cheeks apart, exposing my asshole and stretched cock filled pussy to my husband.
Hubby yelled approvingly.
"Hell yeah! Fuck the dirty slut!" He hollered with such conviction.
"Fuck me and stretch me!" I panted "I want your spunk!"
A loud approving moan emanated from both guys as I felt a fingertip worm its way into my asshole. Both of Dons hands were stretching my buttocks apart, so the finger belonged to my hubby. I don't possess the vocabulary to explain how deliciously naughty this felt, but the effect it had on me was to provide me with a strong gushing orgasm. Female ejaculate poured out of my pussy as I totally lost control, bucking and fucking Dons cock frantically.
Hubby plunged his finger in and out of my ass, adding to the outstanding sensations as Don whispered that he was ready to come. Instinctively I jumped off his cock and knelt between his legs, taking his pussy juice covered cock into my mouth and began work my tongue around the purple engorged dome of his throbbing cock. Hubby returned his finger to my asshole and slid his thumb between my wet sensitive labia. A small orgasm swept over me as Don began to unload his come inside my mouth. Each powerful spurt was swallowed expertly as I sucked his cock like a porno slut. The last spurt of spunk I allowed to splash on my face so hubby could see the money shot. A snail trail of spunk ran from my lips down to my chin as I continued licking and sucking Dons slowly deflating cock.
"Let me fuck your pussy!" Hubby asked politely.
I fixed my eyes on Don, with his cock still in my as he smiled and said.
"Sure fuck the slut, but not in the ass! I'm going in there next!" Don said confirming his alpha male role in this scenario.
The next ten seconds were sexually sensational as hubby spat on my pussy, the first time he had ever done this, then slid the hardest erection he had ever produced slowly inside my hungry cunt. He spat on my asshole next which made me shudder with sexual delight as he began to fuck me slowly. His right middle finger joined the sexual action, slipping into my asshole with consummate ease.
Don smiled contentedly looking at his sexual puppets enjoying their libido until his erection was ready to intervene. Dons cock had never really gone flaccid as he was semi erect in my mouth enjoying the work my tongue and lips were doing to his very impressive cock.
Hubby was now fucking me with vim and vigour as his orgasm was approaching. My sucking and stroking of Dons cock had worked perfectly as he was now fully erect. I removed my mouth from Dons cock and turned to see my husband looking down at my asshole and pussy as he pleasured both him and I very successfully.
Hubby slapped my right buttock forcefully as the noise cracked around our lounge.
"Take my spunk whore!" Hubby yelled.
"Come in my mouth!" I yelled almost in a panic.
Hubby withdrew his cock, holding it at the base as he moved toward my face. I turned my face away from his cock, hold the shaft to ensure that his spunk landed on my tits.
Hubby had a look of shock and awe as he emptied the biggest load he'd ever produced all over my breasts and erect nipples. As the last spurt splashed on my tanned flesh I looked up at my husband and ordered.
"Go and get some wet wipes and clean my breasts of your second class spunk!" I cuckolded.
Holding the base of Dons cock, I smiled toward my husband and enjoyed my humiliating dominance.
"Get these bad boys cleaned as I'm taking this magnificent cock up to our marital bedroom to enjoy all over again and this time I will enjoy it anally. You can listen but you can't watch!"