Tonight I walk past your open bedroom door on my way to my shower. I see you lying there half asleep in a daze. I stop at the door and just look at you for a min. By the time I take the last 2 steps to the shower I am as hard as I have ever been. I can't help my self seeing you there knowing how close you are. I get in the shower and all sorts of things race through my head. The wish and hope that the shower will wake you and you will walk in finding me naked and hard, or that when I walk out you will be lying on the bed naked inviting me to you.
As I am soaping my self up in the shower I can't help but stroke my throbbing member as a story unfolds in my head, a wish that will NEVER come true but oh what a dream.
The scene playing out in my head is of me walking out of the shower in just a towel and finding you on your back awake on the bed. I stand at the door and you smile at me, I can see in your eyes the invitation to push the boundary. To walk the line a little closer to the edge.
You move further down the bed so your head is just hands over the edge. I walk up to you so I am standing directly over you. You look at me and smile and just stare at me with those beautiful eyes. Neither of us making a move just watching and waiting to see who will flinch first.
Suddenly you hand moves it glides up your leg across your beautiful dark skin catching your dress and pulling it up with it until your black panties are exposed. Even though they are dark in colour I can see the damp patch on them and that is all I need.
Whilst I hope we don't step over that line tonight I want to walk it so close it isn't funny.. I drop my towel exposing you to my full heavy balls and throbbing shaft just inches from your face. You start to rub your self through you panties as your other hand is attracted to your breasts. My hand starts to stroke my hard cock just inches from your face. You can smell how turned on I am you can see the pre cum already flowing from my knob.
You lift up your dress and remove it taking off your bra and panties as well now lying totally exposed infant of me. Oh how I have longed to see you in all your beauty, dreamed and hoped of the day it would be so. I realize that you are far more beautiful than I ever imagined.
You return your hand to your pussy working at it with determination as your other hand moves to your beautiful DD breasts caressing them tracing their out line flicking pinching and teasing your nipple before rolling it between your finger and thumb.
This is one of my greatest dreams to masturbate whilst watching another person masturbate to enjoy and turn each other on. I am getting faster and faster as I watch you do the same. I am now quickly building to massive orgasm.
Your let out a little moan as you stare into my eyes and that is it I can't hold it any more I explode shooting thick hot ropes of cum all over you. Across your breasts down your tummy a little even landing on the hand that is now working so hard on your clit.
The feeling of my warm cum landing on you is all it take your eyes close your back arches your toes curl and your body shakes with an intense orgasm. I just stand there taking in the beautiful site before me. When you are finished we just take a moment looking at each other.. You take your fingers and rub them across your lips and lift them up to show me just how wet you are which of cause I can see but I appreciate the gesture. I take your hand and suck your cum from your fingers fulfilling another dream.. Learning what you taste like.. And it is good. When I release your fingers from my mouth your take them and collect my seed and taste me as you stare into my eyes.. We are locked there neither of us wanting to move.. Till finally you smile and giggle as you say "so the shower is free? I best get in it" and we go our separate ways. Knowing that we must never talk of this again but yet both secretly wishing for a second opportunity.
Next thing I realize I am still in the shower and it was all in my head.. A dream, a wish, a figment of imagination.