My kid sister was born when I was in high school, but I had already gone to college before she was weaned. Mom was raising her alone, as her asshole boyfriend bailed when he found out she was pregnant. Good riddance, in my opinion.
As Mom was weaning sis, she also began helping out a friend in the neighborhood who was a breast cancer survivor. Mom started out as a wet nurse for the friend's baby son, then was encouraged to sell her breast milk to the local milk bank, and over the course of the next year, she built up a small business selling her milk to a group of bodybuilders who were willing to pay more to buy it from a safe source.
I learned all this on our weekly Skype calls over my first semester. I was really proud of Mom for what she had done, as she explained that she was making better money selling breast milk than the retail jobs she had worked before, and got to spend all her time at home raising my sister. I found myself worrying about her less, knowing that she was able to take care of herself and the kid.
As for me, I had an Engineering scholarship and an internship, so I wasn't asking her for any money. I was making my own way. And I had a workshop at the school where I could tinker and play and invent.
I was a happy guy, caught up in technology, and not missing having a social life. I came home that first Christmas, but stayed in school through the next summer. So as Thanksgiving of my Sophomore year was approaching, it had been almost a year since I had returned home. I started talking about it on Skype with Mom, trying to make plans, but Mom starting acting a little weird about it.
"No, I DO want you to come home for Thanksgiving!"
"Well then why did you hesitate?"
She sighed, "It's really fine. I just started thinking about everything I'll need to do before you get here. I've gotten used to not having anybody here but me and the baby." My sister was in her lap, and Mom booped her nose when she said that.
"Not so much a baby anymore! But I get it. Mom, it's just me. You don't have to do anything different because I'm there. I'll cook the dinner if you want!"
She laughed at that idea, "Oh, no thank you! I'll make us a turkey and the whole spread. And we can just eat and sit and talk. I'd love that. I look forward to it."
Ok, so whatever the odd vibe I was getting was gone for now. "Great, Mom. I'll see you soon. Give the squirt a hug for me."
She did, and signed off.
I hung up too. But before I could walk away from my laptop, Mom got back on again. My sister wasn't in her lap. And Mom had that troubled look on her face again.
"Ok, Mom, what's really going on? Should I be worried?" It was too late, I was already worried.
"No, nothing like that. I just need to tell you. Because I won't be able to hide it when you get here."
"Hide what? What the hell, Mom?"
She blushed, but finally started explaining, "It's just that I've found another way to make some more money, in addition to selling my breast milk. It's totally safe, and it hardly takes any more time..."
"Mom, if you have to tell me it's totally safe, you are starting to scare me."
She smiled a little at that, and just blurted it out, "Do you know what 'MILFMaamz' is?"
Well this was awkward, "Maybe I do..."
At that, she laughed out loud, giving in to the story, "Well now when I use my breast pump, I'm streaming it on MILFMaamz. It turns out that a lot of people are willing to pay to watch."
My mouth dropped open.
"And I knew there was no way I could hide it from you when you come for Thanksgiving. I've got a little corner studio in the den. And I have to pump every few hours. And I didn't want to tell you because I didn't want you to be ashamed of me. That's why I was acting so weird."
My mouth was still open. I had no words. But I watched her face and I could see how badly she needed my support right now.
So I put away my shock and pulled myself together for her. "Brilliant, Mother. You are truly brilliant."
She let out a huge sigh of relief, and her face brightened in an instant. "Thanks Michael. I really needed to hear that."
"Thank you, Mom, for the warning! I won't freak out. I really am curious to see how you've got it all set up. I love you Mom."
"I love you too, Son."
"And Mom? You really are a beautiful woman. It's no surprise to me that people want to see you do what you do."
We hung up again. It was late, so I flopped into bed. But there was no way I was going to get any sleep after that.
I hadn't asked her if that's all she did on her channel. But I started to imagine that and so much more. I realized that strangers on the internet were seeing her more intimately than I ever did, and I actually started feeling jealous.
I had never thought of her that way before. Yeah she was pretty, and had amazing boobs, but she had always covered up when nursing around me. Although I did see her nipple a couple of times, and it was puffy and elongated, and I could still picture it in my mind. Or was that my imagination too?
I needed to see it for myself.
I got out of bed and got back on my computer. I went to the website. I had never logged into it because of the paywall, but I knew at this point that I would spend whatever I needed to find out what she was doing online.
I needed a username. DairyBoy19. I thought that was clever, considering what I was looking for.
I paid the membership fee with a gift Mastercard that I got for my birthday from Grandma, because I knew it couldn't be traced back to me, and couldn't drain my bank account. I used my spam-bucket email address. So I felt like I was taking reasonable steps to avoid getting robbed.
Once I got on the main member site, I didn't know where to start. I didn't know her stage name, and wasn't about to ask her. So I started searching hashtags. #lactation, #breastmilk, I even tried #hucow. I got plenty of results, but from the thumbnails, there were too many possibilities. And I suspected Mom was one of those who didn't show their faces.
I could rule out two-thirds of them, either for the wrong face, race, age, tattoo, or some other clue. But there were too many busty white women to chose from. And it would cost a fortune to go beyond the thumbnails into their private collections. But I couldn't give up. I zoomed in on each photo in the search results. I got to the end, and started through them again.
It was taking a long time, but I was obsessed. And all these wet boobs were getting me stirred up. I slid out of my sweatpants to give my junk some room to breath while I paged through the results for the third time. My left hand was on my dick, through my boxers, while I scrolled. And then I stopped scrolling. And I grabbed my dick like an emergency brake.
Milk~Mommy~MILF. I can't tell you how I knew it was her. I didn't spot any telltale mole or jewelry, or anything in the background. I just knew. This was her. Her neck was in the picture, and she was wearing an open silk bathrobe, and her left hand was holding a breast pump on her left breast. Her right hand was squeezing her nipple, and a stream of milk was flowing down her fingers.
This was my mother. This is what strangers on the internet were paying to see. I clicked the pic and a pop-up asked me to pay ten coins to subscribe to her channel. I clicked the pay button, and an album of videos filled the screen. None of the video pics showed her face. But I was more certain than ever.
Some of the videos were still locked, with the watermark "Premium Content". But about half were free to me now. I scrolled down to the middle and picked a free one at random. It was titled, "Warm Milk for Baby".
I clicked and it began to play. I had prepared myself for what I was about to see, but I had not prepared myself for what I heard. My mother's voice coming from the speakers made the whole thing very real, like she was in the room with me.
"Hey there, Baby, would you like some of Mommy's milk? You want some warm milk, don't you? It tastes SO good." and she rubbed and pulled her nipples and milk sprayed out towards the camera. It wasn't what she said that drove me insane, it was hearing her voice. It was her babytalk voice, and it turned my brain to someplace primal and primitive. I just wanted to suck her nipples and drink from her. And more.
"Mmmm, suck Mommy's titties, Baby. Mommy needs you to suck them hard. If you suck them hard, Mommy will suck you hard too. Would you like that? If you drink Mommy's milk, it will make your cum so sweet and tasty."
I was rock hard. I pulled off my boxers and my right hand went straight for my dick. My left hand cupped my balls as Mom milked her tits for me. She finally put the breast pumps on both nipples and began filling the jars. They flowed like faucets.
"You want to taste Mommy's milk? If you send me a note, I can send you some. Would you like that?"
So not all her milk was going to her old customers. I'm sure the guys and girls on this channel paid ten times the price.
I wasn't quite as turned on by her breast pumping as I was when she was squirting, so I slowed my hand on my dick and backed down from the orgasm I was headed towards. I almost clicked away from the video, but then she pulled the pumps off, and her nipples had swollen to fill the shape of the cups, and they were so puffy and beautiful that I lost all control and finished jacking off, cumming all over the floor, as she said, "Mommy's nipples are SO ready for you. Please suck my nipples, Baby! Please!"
That was the first video. There were a hundred more. Not counting the Premium Content ones. It would take me the rest of the weekend to watch all the free ones. But that's what I did. And by Monday morning my dick was limp and raw. And my mouth was dry. And my mother's voice was filling my head, begging me to suck her nipples. Begging me to drink her milk. Begging me to let her do more.
I don't know how hypnosis works, but I felt entirely hypnotized by her longing, her begging, her offering. I never considered that she was talking to anyone but me. It was all for me.
I had one more weekend before Thanksgiving, and I forced myself to save the Premium Content for then. I was just as obsessed with wondering what was contained in those videos as I was before I found her channel. But each one cost the equivalent of about ten bucks, and I didn't have enough money on the card to see more than a few.
But I could read the titles. And I spent all week deciding which ones I would watch. And I knew which one I would watch first. It was called "JOI CEI".
Friday came, and I prepared for my date with the videos. That afternoon I stopped by Walmart and bought a baby bottle.
I hadn't jerked off since Sunday night, but I had been edging myself every time I thought of her, which was every night. I had rewatched some of the free videos every night too, my dick throbbing and balls aching, but refusing to let myself cum. I was saving myself for her. It felt almost sacred.
Friday night I turned off my phone and took off all my clothes before I logged in the site. I didn't like to use lotion, so I didn't have to worry about that. But I filled the bottle with milk and I warmed it in the microwave and placed it on the table beside me. I was ready. I clicked the Premium Content icon and made the ten coin payment.
When the video started, it looked like many of the free ones. She was wearing a sexy red lace bra along with that open robe. She pulled one breast out and began rubbing her nipple. It was already moist.
"Hey there, Baby. Do you need some milk? I bet you've been dreaming about my warm milk in your mouth. Have you been sucking your thumb? Yeah? Let me see. Suck your thumb for me."
I didn't suck my thumb. But my right hand was already holding my dick, and I reached for the bottle and put the nipple in my mouth.
"Yeah, suck it for me, Baby. It feels so good! My tits are so swollen for you, they hurt so bad! Can you suck some of the milk out? Can you drink it for me?"
I drank from the bottle while she squirted milk from her tit. And then she reached out towards the screen and the camera zoomed out. I saw her face at last, and it was sexy and beautiful. She had more makeup on than I had ever seen her wear. Red lipstick. Heavy eye shadow. But she made a shocked face like she had just walked in and caught me playing with myself.
"Oh, my! Are you stroking yourself? Did Mommy say you could do that? Take your hand off that little pee-pee and use both hands on my tits. It wouldn't be right for you to cum before Mommy, would it?"
I let go of myself on command, and took the bottle in both hands. I sucked the nipple softly, to make the milk last.
"That's a good baby. Suck Mommy's titty. Drink your milk so you can grow up to be big and strong with a big man dick. Mmmm, you are making Mommy so horny."
She looked down, and her other hand went down below the camera view, and I could tell she had slid it down her panties and was touching herself.
"Mmmmm. Yeah. That's a good baby."
She slipped the robe off her shoulders and took her other boob out of her bra. She squeezed both nipples, alternating with the one hand, while the other stayed just out of sight, but her arm made it clear what she was doing.
"Mommy's gonna cum soon. But I don't want to cum by myself. Will you cum with me? If you promise to keep sucking your thumb, I'll let you touch your little pee-pee again. Would you like that?"
I did like that. My right hand shot down to my dick. But I knew I had to be careful not to cum too soon.
"I want you to stroke it with me. It'll be like you're fucking Mommy, okay? Like that little pee-pee is a big man dick going in and out of Mommy's cunny, okay? Here, let me show you."
Then she reached out and pointed the camera lower. I couldn't see her face any more, but there were her red panties, and her hand inside, and I could tell how she was rubbing her clit and then slipping her fingers inside, and I began matching her rhythm with my stroking. But I had to lighten my grip to just barely a touch to keep control.
Her other hand was still milking her nipples, and I was sucking the bottle along with that rhythm too. I was connected to her, sucking her, fucking her. I was fucking my mother just like she asked me to. And she had made me promise not to cum before she did. So I was being very careful.
"Oh yeah, I'm really gonna cum soon, Baby. I'm gonna count down for you so you can cum with me, okay? There's just one... mmmmm... just one condition. When I tell you to cum, I want you to cum on your thumb and then put it back in your mouth. I don't want you wasting your little cummies. Will you do that for Mommy?"
She didn't wait for an answer, "Ten."
I don't know how many seconds went by before "Nine." but she was moaning and stroking herself and pulling her nipples.
"Eight. Ohhhhh, yeah Baby, suck Mommy's tit. Stroke your pee-pee for Mommy. Make it hard, Baby. Make it grow big and strong."
"Seven. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah," her stroking got a little harder. She stopped alternating nipples, just grabbing one and pulling and twisting it. I sucked on the bottle as hard as I could.
"Six. You wanna fuck Mommy's cunny, Baby? You want to slip it in? I'm so wet for you."
"Five. Four. I can't wait much longer!"
Neither could I. In her excitement, her hand pushed lower and I could see her trimmed bush, and just the hint of her pussy lips. I didn't think I was going to make it.
"Three. Stroke hard now Baby, but don't you dare cum yet!"
"Two. One."
Then she was entirely focused on getting herself off. It took another minute, until finally, "Yeah, Oh yeah, now Baby, please cum Baby, squirt on your thumb for me!"
I put the bottle in front of my dick and shot my cum all over it. It went everywhere, running down the sides and onto my hands.
She was gasping and holding her hand in her panties as her legs jerked. There was no way that she was faking this. It took her another minute to catch her breath and tell me, "Now put your thumb in your mouth Baby. Lick up your little cummies. Don't waste any.
I sucked the remaining milk out of the bottle, cum all over my lips and in my mouth. I licked my lips and my hand and the outside of the bottle just like Mommy said.
She pointed the camera back up to her face and boobs. "What a good boy you are. Thank you for sucking Mommy's titties and putting your little pee-pee in her cunny. It was very sweet of you to help Mommy cum. I hope you come back to visit soon. You know Mommy's titties get too full and you have to suck the milk out. But until you do, I think you need to save your cummies until I tell you it's okay to eat them again."
She smiled and reached out towards the screen and the video ended. I owned it now, so I could play it again if I wanted. But that didn't seem right. There were so many I hadn't seen yet. And I wanted more. I wanted her. I wanted her in real life.
But for now, I was too spent to watch another video. I went to bed and fell asleep hard and fast, and had some vaguely sensual dreams, but nothing specific to Mom. I woke up about 3 am and went back to my computer.
I won't transcribe here the next six videos I watched that weekend. They were all Premium Content, so she never hid her face, but so far she never took her panties all the way off. But the one I saved for last was entitled "Mommy's Sweet Cunny."
I saved it for Sunday evening. I hadn't cum again since the JOI video on Friday, so by the time I sat down to watch it, I was throbbing. I had refilled the bottle with warm milk in case I needed it. I sat naked, with just a blanket around my shoulders and a towel on the floor, and started the video. It began with a close-up of her face, and her lipstick was thicker than ever.
Her voice was low and sexy. She spoke slowly, taking breaths in between every sentence. Sighing and moaning, closing her eyes, and then looking right into the camera.
"Hi, Baby... I'm so glad you came to see me... I get so lonely without a big man here at my house... I know if you were here... you would take care of me... I know that you get so hard thinking of me that your little pee-pee grows into a big man dick... a big man dick to fill up Mommy's sweet cunny... to fit tight inside me and stretch me with man meat... to pound me until I scream... and then to fill me up with big man seeds..."
"I bet your seeds would fill up my womb... I bet you would make me pregnant... you would breed me, wouldn't you, Baby? Would you breed Mommy? Would you fill me up? I'm in heat right now... like a bitch... I'm your bitch in heat... I need you to lay me flat on my back and lift my hips and fill me up with your big man dick... I need you to pound me and press the tip of your dick into my womb and pour your seed deep inside me... I am so horny... so much in heat... I know I'm fertile right now... I know you would breed me. I know you would cum inside me and keep my hips lifted so all your seed would stay inside me. I know you would put a baby in me."
Then her face moved away from the camera, and she pointed it lower. She was completely naked. She spread her legs and her trimmed pussy opened up like a flower. It was more than pink. It was as red as her lipstick. And it was moist already. I could see it glisten. She took both hands and spread it wide for me. She didn't put anything inside herself, she just started humping the air, like my dick was already inside her. She was gasping and moaning as if she could feel me. Then she moved one of her fingers over her clit and started rubbing it while she humped. She humped and rubbed for several minutes. Then her breaths got quicker and she called out, "Cum with me, Baby... cum with me..."
Her legs started twitching, and her pussy lips started kissing the air, gasping, as her orgasm came. And her pussy started dribbling her cum, not quite squirting, but flowing, as she straightened out her legs and screamed.
I was cumming all over the towel, and on the wall under the desk.
She finished jerking and twitching and screaming, but she left herself open, her pussy still gasping. Then she slid two fingers inside herself to start another round. By the time she was about to cum again, I was hard, but couldn't get off again that fast. So when the video was over, I was aching from needing to cum again.
I decided to go back and watch the JOI CEI video to finish myself off. The milk bottle was cold by now, but I still drank from it when Mommy told me to suck, and by the time she counted down, it was true that my dick was more like her little pee-pee again as I squirted what little I had left onto the bottle and sucked it off.
I decided I wouldn't cum again until I saw her in real life.
I was about to log off the site, when I noticed a red dot on the mail icon. I clicked it, and my heart skipped a beat when I saw that I had a message from Milk~Mommy~MILF.
M~M~M: "Hey 19! Thank you so much for buying so many of my Premium Content videos! You must really enjoy watching me! If you ever want to taste some of my yummy milk, you can check out my pricelist."
And attached to the message was a photo of her holding a bottle of milk, with a yellow sticky note on it that said, "DairyBoy19". She was smiling at me. The bottle was between her naked breasts. Her nipples were hard and wet. Her fingernails and lips were painted deep red. Her lips were parted. I guess she was just going through all her new fans, and swapping out the yellow note with our names, but it didn't matter. This particular photo was just for me.
I wanted to reply. But I really had to think about what I would say. I realized I was absentmindedly stroking myself again as I thought. I made up my mind, and I clicked the "Reply" button.
A window popped up. "Sign up for Gold Membership! Only $25 per month! Gold Members enjoy * Unlimited Chat * Private Cam Sessions * 50% Discount on Premium Content.
I was too far gone to even think. I clicked the "Sign Up" button, and got the message "Payment On File No Longer Valid." I had spent up the gift card.
I reached over to my wallet and pulled out my debit card. What the fuck. I typed in the number and added the card. I clicked again to sign up. Congratulations, I was now a Gold Member.
All that, just to reply to my own mother's note.
DairyBoy19: "'Hey 19' is one of my mother's favorite songs. You remind me of her. I would love to taste your milk, but I would prefer it directly from the source. I guess I'll just have to stick with the fantasy. But let me say, you are so beautiful. And I am completely in love with you."
I hit "Enter" and held my breath. I was waiting and hoping and terrified that I might see three little dots as she responded, but of course nothing happened. She wasn't exactly waiting by her screen to get my reply. But even that brief exchange had me so excited that I was trembling. I could not imagine how I would act the next time I saw her in her magnificent flesh.
Thanksgiving could not come fast enough. On our last day of classes, the prof let us skip, so I got on the road early. It was a ten hour drive home, but I would be there a day sooner than Mommy expected me. I mean Mom. A day sooner than Mom expected me. I wanted to surprise her.
I showed up just before dark, and I didn't see her car in the driveway. I let myself in the front door. We lived in an old split-level house, so the front entryway led directly to a double staircase. On the left was a half-flight to the main living area, and another half flight to the bedrooms. On the right was the half-flight down into the den. I went to the left, to drop my backpack and suitcase in my room. I really needed to pee, but I didn't want to waste any time, in case she came back at any moment, I just had to see her studio in the den.
I rushed downstairs to the den. The light was on, and her computer was on. I wasn't surprised to see that she didn't have a password, so when I moved the mouse, the screen lit up and her cam software was still open. I took note of where everything was, and then started looking at her user interface to the website. I saw the upload and message functions, and my heart skipped a beat when I saw "Live Session".
Then I searched her hard drive for her video files. It only took a moment, but my heart was racing like I was in a spy movie. I found the video folder. And a subfolder called "Premium". Jackpot! I took my thumb drive out of my pocket and downloaded every file. There were so many of them, it was taking a long time, just like in the movies.
I ran back to look out the front door to make sure she wasn't arriving, then ran back down to finish. I got them all the Premium files, then clicked back up to the video folder. I saw another folder, and started shaking with excitement. It was labeled "Live_Session". I opened the folder and there were only ten videos. I copied them all. Then I slipped the drive back in my pocket, and put all the windows back like I found them. I turned to go, but paused when I saw the little office trash can by her desk. I looked inside and there were four yellow sticky notes. I fished a certain one out, and put it in my wallet.
I was still shaking when I made my way back up to the bathroom. I was so hard from what I had done, I could barely pee. I eventually got a flow going, just as I heard the door open downstairs. She was here!
"Michael?"
"Up here, Mom, just a second!"
I took my time in the bathroom, to finish, and to give my boner a chance to calm down a little. By the time I came out, she had already put little sis in the bouncy chair and had taken all the groceries out of the bags and placed them on the counter.
She didn't even ask why I was home so early. She just saw me and ran to me and grabbed me up in a bearhug. I knew she was crying, and my eyes were watery too. Why in the world had I waited so long to come home?
She pulled back from me, eyes glistening but face smiling. Then she looked down at herself and apologized, "In all that excitement, my milk just let down! Can you put away the groceries and watch your sister while I take care of things?
"Of course," I said. But as she slipped out of my arms and away to the den, the kitchen was the last place I wanted to be.
But I did as asked, and carried my sister around on my hip while I put the groceries where I thought they should go. I gave it good odds that Mom would never find half of them.
I forced myself to stay in the living room with the squirt and play big brother games until Mom came back up. When she did, she gave me a sideways look.
"What?" I asked.
"Just so good to see you," she said, smiling. Then she said she had some leftovers she could heat up for us for dinner. The rest of the evening was normal, except for what I was thinking as I looked at her. And that night, as I climbed in my boyhood bed, I slept like a baby.