This is, I think, a deliciously sweet story. Here are the ingredients. A baking hot summer day. A party of 18 year old school boys, walking in the woods. A secluded rock pool and - boys are boys - the fellas strip off all their gear and plunge in. Totally nude. This is the mid-50s and it's the age of innocence - the ole swimming hole in a woodland setting in the middle of summer holidays. But within minutes, right on cue - wouldn't you know it - a party of a dozen uniformed girl scouts, 18-year olds, suddenly appear from the forest with their leader, a buxom, somewhat severe, 40s-something Melissa Haines.
Girls and their leader all completely uniformed, even down to berets, boys all naked as the day that they were born. Fasten your seat belts, friends. And look the other way if buff-naked male humiliation offends you because this is classic, old-time CFNM. And it's a true story - from a more bashful age - when nudity could still shock, and embarrass to the core.
Here we go...
Under her senior scout leader's beret Melissa's beady eyes took in the scene. Four boys - wet torsos rising from murky water, hair plastered flat - stood immobilized, slack- jawed. They wore looks of astonishment, of fear. She took in the jumble of white T-shirts, jeans, Y-fronted underpants and sand shoes strewn on the grass. Then the delicious fact clicked : beneath the water lapping at their navels these boys were buck-naked.
Under the blouse of her khaki uniform her ample middle-age breast heaved. She licked her lips.
"Girls, I think we've caught these lads swimming in the nude," she nearly panted. And at the words "lads" and "nude" she felt a spasm of excitement around her private parts.
There was a collective intake of breath from the girls.
In the pool the boys remained frozen. Adding to the original expressions of surprise and fear looks of sheer guilt crept over their faces. They were in real trouble.
"So," said Melissa. "Four boys caught in their birthday suits, eh?" A couple of the captives half nodded.
Drawn up in the circle a dozen girls were confronting the possibilities - educational, erotic. To encounter a party of boys out here was exciting enough, but in the raw! Nude! While they were all so tidily dressed in brown, pleated uniforms. With logos and official scarfs. Even in berets with medals.
Brazen Tammy Smith gave a low, lubricious wolf whistle.
The males felt hunted. They crouched lower.
Worse, their anonymity was being stripped from them.
Flaxen-haired, freckle-faced, Alice Jones gushed, "Look, there's Karen Smilie's brother. Wait till I let her know! Her brother caught in the nude!"
Gerry Smilie - short, blond - sunk up to his nipples. He went scarlet. My sister's friends!
Trilled another guide, "There's Steve Speight! He's in the year ahead of me. Wait till all the girls at school hear!" Gangling, basket-ball champ Steve felt a queer weak feeling deep in his tummy. He was caught nude...by clothed girls. Something he had always...dreaded? Desired? Certainly fantasised about. Fantasy was one thing. Now it was happening in real life. He lowered his head to the water level and blew bubbles. The urgent panic he felt, the excruciating embarrassment, was having a strange effect. Maddeningly, between his legs, his dick, what everyone called his donkey dick, was starting to stiffen.
Sally Pullen, pretty brunette with dark daring eyes, glowed with pleasure. For years she and her sisters had been mocked by Alan Larsens, two years her senior. The neighborhood smartalec, full of taunts. Always teasing her. A classic bully. Now his vain, good-looking head, with Elvis hairdo - she had to admit he was very good looking - was just put of the water...as he crouched clothes-free. She couldn't believe it: under the water he had nothing on!
Well, she never! Alan Larsens. Caught without a stitch. All his clothes at her feet. In her power! Secure in her guide's uniform, she glared triumphantly. Their eyes locked. SHEEET, he thought. Her - of all girls.
The four boys were overcome by hopelessness. A thousand butterflies in each stomach. Also a mysterious urgent pressure like they'd had as kids when they had full bladders and had to hold it back. That sort of panic, right down to the penis. Especially Steve's, now at full length.
Gloria Jenkins, a pudgy girl with glasses, raked the water surface with greedy - no ravenous - eyes. Her only glimpses of male nudity had been the marble statues of Greek gods and Michelangelo's David reproduced in art textbooks. How she had admired the chest, thighs and muscular bottoms - but always feasting her gaze on those delicately shaped tubes of flesh in front of those little sacks. So delicate and decorative. Now she would see "the real thing." She felt a flutter.
Milly Smithers had never seen a naked male. But she thought now, as she did under the blankets each night, of the young man walking along the beach promenade last summer. He was very athletic, with a flat stomach. In his wet, clinging swim suit, there had been a big outline of something stretching. Something had been going on down there, she had thought. Her friends had seen it too with eyes as wide as saucers. Now with a bit of luck the mystery would be revealed.
Melissa was declaring, "Well, boys, it's time to teach you a lesson you will never forget. Heaven help us if girls can't go for a hike without running into boys naked as jays."
Girls giggled.
"We'll have you out of there one at a time and give you a talking-to. Let's start with..."
Her finger sketched the air and settled on...
"...you! Red hair!"
Rod Kelly. His over-large Adams apple bobbed in and out with terror.
Out of the water? With nothing on? Not a stitch? In front of all these girls his age?
He knew his privates were somewhat unusual. The others had fears too. Steve was terrified of girls seeing his donkey appendage. Gerry knew his dick was just average enough to have these girls laugh and tell his sister! And Alan Larsens just did not want that Sally Pullen to see him! He had the littlest dick of all and she was there, staring at him, just itching to feast her eyes on its dainty proportions. But Rod had even bigger fears on this front. He thought his genitals - cock and balls and the color of his pubic hair - were, well, the most unusual. They'd be voted the funniest.
His Adam's Apple went madly to work.
"If you're not out of there quick smart," said Melissa. "We're going back to town - and taking all your gear with us. Explain that to Mom tonight!"
With that she scooped up a pair of shorts and, hooting, the girls follows her example, scrambling for clothes and holding them aloft like trophies of war. Tammy held a pair of BVDs. "I wonder who belongs to these?" she squealed. .
Rod turned to his buddies and said,"I think we're trapped."
Alan Larsen was lost in his own terrors. Complacent in her uniform, Sally Pullen was staring hard at him, now wearing a cold, fixed smile. She had her enemy where she wanted him.
"Aw, Miss," complained Rod. "It's not right."
His voice was breaking with terror.
"It's not fair. Some of them...some of them...know us!"
It was a last throw of the dice.
"Know you? Well, I don't think they're objecting. Are you girls?"
There was a chorus of NOOOS!
"Out of the water and up here now!"
Slowly he rose from his crouch. His skinny, red-freckled trunk emerged from the water, then a slightly protuberant boy's tummy. There was a drawn-out delay. The expectations of a dozen keen girls tightened.
Then his navel...and finally, thrillingly, red - violently red - pubic curls.
And after another breathless delay, another nervous hesitation, dangling and dripping from his groin, a somewhat long, very slender penis, decidedly uncut - its head completely concealed by a tapering two-inch overhang of white foreskin twirling to a narrow opening. Behind the attenuated prick : a freakishly low-hanging scrotal sack with heavy rocks seeming to drag them down, one markedly lower than the other. Easy to understand why he didn't want to show off his package.
Their eyes were standing out on stalks as they goggled at the blushing, shuffling boy's privates - no longer private, of course, but revealed for public display. Like a swan's neck, thought Gloria. Or a skinny elephant's trunk, not like the neat little things on her Greek statues or the splendid David in Florence. And it hangs half way to his knees. Not a few of the young virgins wondered how something that terrifyingly long could "fit in." But it was very narrow, comically narrow.
To Milly all of a sudden some dirty playground talk made sense : "balls." So that's what it means, she thought, as her eyes devoured the boy's big marbles in the loose, capacious, hairless bag. She had never grasped it before now.
Under their relentless gaze Rod slightly staggered with shame, moved one arm across his torso, a shy boy's gesture. His eyes were cast down. "Please Miss, can I have my clothes?" He raised his head and gestured at underpants being held by one girl, a shirt by another and pants by a third.
Melissa pondered. The girls feasted their eyes.
"No clothes yet," decreed the boss.
A dozen girls beamed, jostled one another to get a better look. And a dozen panties were getting distinctly wet. The wettest may have been those of pale, thin, bespectacled Emily Wainwright, standing with a boy's underpants. She never went swimming, never made a school formal, never expected to go out with a boy. But from the first glimpse of those boys' torsos and that phrase "birthday suits" - what a thrilling idea that phrase conveyed - her hormones had been activated.
She devoured Rod's clothless state, his shame. His shame was making her more excited. She felt very interested in the skinny red-head with the nervously bobbing lump in his throat and the curious equipment dangling from his groin. But loved the notion he was being "shamed" in front of her. What, she wondered, did it feel like?
Meanwhile Melissa was giving Rod an order. "Stand there, hands by your sides. And look at us - don't hang your head like that!"
Each girl competed to catch his gaze. And it was Emily who won, his woeful eyes settling on her's behind her glasses. Perhaps because her plain features made her less threatening . Oh my God, she thought, a boy of my own. And with a new found confidence, she looked right back at him, a totally naked youth. I'll help "shame" the skinny red-head. Her imagination was racing, her panties dripping.
Melissa swung back to the pool and pointed to Gerry Smilie. "You next!"
The short boy with the blond hair and cute snub nose hesitated. His stomach turned over. But he slowly drew himself up. Moving almost imperceptibly towards the bank he revealed a gymnast's torso all the way to the navel and then, as he continued to move through the water, his tan gave way to a band of pure white...and a tantalizing glimpse of pubic bush, black not blond, and hanging from it a regulation-size, very white sausage...in front of a compact little sack, hardly noticeable. He was circumcised, which gave his ringside audience an immediate point of comparison with Rod. Then, when they had finished that, they could direct their wide-as-saucer eyes to the very different scrotums.
Gerry was standing next to his buddy, and being subject to the same inquisitional stares. He was very, very red. His humiliation was perfect.
But it got worse.
Said freckle-face Alice Jones,"Take a real good look, girls. His sister is going to want to know all about this! She's never seen him naked. I asked her!" Like Emily she was being excited by the fact a boy was not only very interesting to look at but being shamed to the core.
Her comment set off guffaws and even Melissa was forced to smile. Gerry's knees started to wobble with terror. He dreaded his sister knowing any part of this.
Melissa now swung back to checking out Steve and Alan. Her finger hovered and settled on...the gangly basketball player with the rigid donkey dick : Steve, who groaned as his eyes swam with terror.
"You!"
He had no alternative.
He raised his tall athletic body from the water.
Eager girls took in his defined pectoral muscles and the light dusting of chestnut hair in the middle of his chest - the others had none - and there was a hint of fur running like a fuse down to...
Then, suddenly, there it was, rearing from the water : a whopper of a hard-on, a massive slab of rock-hard flesh jamming its mauve-tinted head skyward. There was a collective sigh of incredulity.
"Oh...my...God," intoned Tammy, speaking for all of them.
Then it was completely out of the water - a snow-white bludgeon, almost vertical, almost slap bang against his stomach...and extending above his navel...and every female is directing it a fierce laser stare.
Steve bolted.
He ran out of the pool and away from the senior scouts . In profile they see his mammoth cylindrical prick bouncing like a brass drum pedal against his abdomen as he heads for a clump of bushes and a single tree across a small swade.
Melissa's spinsterish eyes bulge as she thinks,"What a whopper!" Her vagina releases more molten lubricant as the male striptease she has unleashed takes its most interesting turn yet. Her pants are very, very wet.
Steve's head and upper chest are visible from the clump of vegetation. He stares back at them. Melissa decides to go over and reason with the unhappy agitated male. "Girls," she says. "He's just bashful. I need to talk to the poor boy." She takes wide-hipped strides across the grass .
Seeing him above the bush she thinks of the Garden of Eden: a nude male in the shrubbery. But she's out of earshot of her girls and she adopts her most maternal tone.
"Now sonny, no need to be this bashful. This will be all over soon. Your friends are standing there and you only have to do the same. Apologize and we'll let you go home."
Steve is blushing and stammering.
"I...er...er...can't...can't...make it..make it...make it...go..."
"I know. You have an erection. And you can't make it subside. Is that what's making you so embarrassed in front of the girls?"
"Yyyyes..."And he looks close to tears.
"Well,"said Melissa. "I'm going to help. I'm going to come round your side and I'm going to help you get rid of that stubborn erection. You know..." she added, moving through the undergrowth to face him "...I was once a nursing sister so I know just how to take care of this embarrassment."
She looks at him, his tall, lean athlete's body half crouching, to shield himself. Very deliberately she takes his arms one at a time and shifts them to his sides. His protuberance is jutting skyward. She confirms it extends higher than his navel.
It is circumcised and its colossal shaft is white as a lily. It seems to have as many veins as a weightlifter's delts pumped up after a heavy workout. In fact the elaborate network of blue lines could be a map of some city's subway. The underside is dominated by an industrial scale artery pulsing skyward. As for the purple-tinted head it has a massivey defined coronal edge, an upturned border that makes her think of a pagoda roof. It is wider than the shaft, a vast, spongy prize-winning mushroom that has been jammed on his stem. The phallic eye looks as capacious as...Melissa thinks, a small vagina.
It seems pretty certain, thought Melissa, it would never achieve entry. Maybe it only has display value, like a seventeenth century longarm in an antique firearm collection.
Looking him in the eye she very quietly asks, "Now tell me, is it the idea of being naked in front of girls that makes you so excited ...down there?"
Eyes closed and sweat breaking on his brows, he nods.
"You seem to be a nice young man. What do you think your mother would say if she knew you get dirty thrills from being nude..." And here she managed to convey a tone more sad than angry "... thrills from being undressed, around women and girls? Because that's the problem you seem to be having. Is that right?"
Eyes clenched, he nodded again.
She shook her head. "You may grow up to be one of those exhibitionists. You wouldn't want that, would you?"
He was closer to tears than ever.
"I can't believe it," she persisted. "That a fine young fella like you, obviously an athlete, would get some some...some dirty pleasure displaying himself in front of females, all of them fully dressed. And give himself an erection..."
She looked down.
"Still, we can't leave it like that can we?" And to his shock she placed her left hand gently on his ass. Zap! Her feminine touch sent a thrill right through him. Made his cock even more rigid. In her right hand she took the great bulbous end of his penis . Suddenly she is rubbing Steve's corona round and round - the border of the pagoda roof on the top of his prick - the incredibly sensitive tip, and driving him to clench his eyes shut... and even moan shyly. Some more gentle twisting and stroking follows but getting firmer, and he is gasping. A breathless sound struggled up from his throat. Without warning she changes gear and her hand is moving up and down the whole awesome shaft though it is too thick for her to enclose. One really firm movement... then another...and a third...and another few...and Steve erupts. Whoosh! A powerful pearlescent stream flies in an arc to splash on the bark of the tree.
Melissa keeps milking and another cannonade follows to fall short of the tree and splatter on the ground, followed by a second before his orgasm devolves into dribbled sperm foaming out from his slit. He feels weak in the legs. Then she's patting his ass cheeks and telling him he's a good boy and in a minute he'll be ready to go and join his friends.
Yes, his friends. Red-headed Rod is being teased mercilessly about the shape of his uncut penis. Tammy is saying it looks like a monk's hood. Gymnast Gerry is being teased about what his sister will say when she hears all about today's events.
When a deflated Steve stalks shyly out from his bush retreat, picking his way with bare feet over the stones and twigs, the last of the tell-tale droplets have gone and his penis, while still elongated, is pointing at the ground. He has their attention. All of it, as he arrives to stand in line with his three hang-dog, bare-as-a-board buddies.
But Melissa is out of sight, still behind the bush where she brought Steve to his mighty climax. Her fingers are gluey with Steve's fluid and she gluttonously sucks them one by one. Fine, she thinks, a youthful, sour taste, a salty tang. Then she stands at the tree and with her forefinger scoops up the deposit plastered on the bark. She places it on her tongue, savors it and then swallows. Gives me the energy I need for what lies ahead.
One final exploration. Certain she is out of sight, she hoists her skirt and lowers her panties to place a finger in her pubic zone. Jeepers, she thinks, I'm wet as wet! Then it's back to business.
Alan Larsens is shivering in the water. Soon all attention is on this most handsome of the boys. Especially that of Sally Pullen who is very, very focused on her childhood tormentor. The brunette with the flashing dark eyes has spent the last half hour formulating an exquisite humiliation for the stark naked boy. She focuses a cold, hard smile on him as Melissa says, "Right, last one.You, out!"
He looked despairingly up at the phalanx of fully-dressed females, their appetites sharpened by the displays they had already witnessed.
And so it happened. First, the smooth well proportioned torso. Sally relished the small pink nipples, harbingers of intimate body parts to come. Then the navel and the end of the tan line and the first tantalizing glimpse of white skin. Then, quickly following, the thrilling timberline of glossy black pubic curls and then
Terror in his eyes, he stalled.
"Come on," insisted Melissa. "Or you'll be going home in that birthday suit."
He stumbled forward, to reveal the distinguishing marks of his gender
How interesting, thought Sally, he has the smallest of any of the boys. A neat little...acorn! How, how humiliating for the vain bully Alan Larsens. She felt her crotch suddenly get damper. With his clothes off, he's just a little boy! And I've got him where I want him!
He stood next to his comrades, head drooped.
Sally moved to the front, shaking with some unknown emotion as she set about piling on more shame. Yes, shaming him was her thrill.
She had a plan that excited her to the core.
She held up a leaf, a large leaf.
"I want to see him with this on...just like those statues in the park," she suggested to her leader.
"Like Adam in the Garden of Eden," cooed Tammy.
"Yes, get him to pose for us."
"Yes, Miss, let's see him in a fig leaf!"
"Well, can't see it would do any harm," she said, not shifting her gaze from the - yes, dainty - tube of flesh with its mauve-tinted knob and the little furry sack.
"Here," Sally said. " This will cover your...thing." Fits of giggles.
"Now clamp it on!" demanded Gloria.
"Yes, cover your shame!" demanded Laura with guffaws.
He took it and hesitated, looking dazed.
"Go ahead. Pose with it," came Sally's demand. "Or you won't be getting your clothes back."
Slowly, knowing how zany the gesture, he lowered the leaf with one hand to cover his prick. And stood like a statue.
"Oh, how cute!"
"A young Adam!"
A dozen girls were thrilled. Thrilled dirty. Not one of them would be going home with panties fit for any respectable wash basket.
Then the strangest thing. This silly game with the leaf brought him, too, a quick dirty thrill. A sudden sexual jolt. Within seconds his prick, asserting a life of its own, was springing to attention. Its four and a half inches strained out, lifting the bottom of the leaf to protrude its dainty but perfectly proportioned head.
"Oh no, Sally! " exclaimed Tammy. "It's pointing at you! Isn't that sweet! The nice little boy is in love with the girl in his street!"
While the girls broke up and Alan nearly swooned, something similar was happening with his buddies. Steve's prick had just reinflated as the thrill of being surrounded by dressed girls seeped into his libido. He could no more stand naked with fully dressed females and not get stiff than he could fly to the moon. Notwithstanding its recent milking it was once again straight up, almost flat against his belly.
Rising from his red pubic curls Rod's swan's neck had also come to life, lifting in an outward curve as if to bow to the girls in their brown uniforms . An elegant bend : his narrow shaft rose at a normal angle - as if becoming a standard 45 degree erection - but then curved to point not up but straight ahead. A swan's neck or, perhaps, a miniature elephant trunk, uncoiling as a signal to females in the herd. He couldn't will it down. He tried but it had a mind of its own.
Gerry's punchy cock had responded too, a 45 degree erection, also making a salute to his captives. It was a neat, regulation cock. A regular-guy next door, streamlined penis out of a biology textbook. Something any girl could bring home. He obeyed the earlier injunction to keep his hands at his sides. He was blushing furiously knowing this is going to figure in every report to his sister. She will know it all. She will know about its size and color and shape and its hair. She will know that caught nude by a party of local girls he couldn't stop himself getting a hard-on. She will know about the shame he suffered, about how red he turned, about how all the grils laughed at him. He has no secrets now.
The 12 senior girl scouts and their leader were goggling four shamed boys, in a state of nature, each sporting an erection. Each different enough to keep the females elbowing to get a closer look at this one, noting a feature here, a feature there, pointing and whispering.
For example, even erect, Rod's sack stays loose and you can see the gravitational pull of the two heavy rocks inside the bag, one mysteriously lower than the other. Steve's sack, by contrast, is scooped up by his massive shaft and vanishes into it.
Sally, fascinated by Alan, thinks how lucky the girl who sees him on his wedding night, who gets to inspect his compact physique and, his underpants down, receive this petite, white offering. Really delightfully small - surprising because with that Elvis hairdo and athlete's build you might expect more. The contrast between the good looks and the diminutive prick only makes the whole Alan Larsens' package more exciting.
Moist-eyed, red as beets, the males are rooted to the spot.
Melissa pondered her next move.
It was an old one but a good one.
First, the feigned indignation at the erections.
"These erections are not the involuntary kind. I was a nursing sister and I know. All of you have got excited because you are showing yourselves off naked to women.
"I'm giving you one command, plain and simple : loose those erections now!"
It was, of course, the one command they could not obey.
Steve despairingly looked down at his member which stared right back at him through the slit in the mushroom head. The phallic mouth seemed to be smiling. Rod threw his head back, closed his eyes and strained. To no effect. The swan neck stayed beautifully curved and inflated. Gerry stood still as a sentry, hands exaggeratedly stuck to his sides, while his stubby prick stuck up and out. Alan had dropped the leaf and his stubborn little stiffy pointed head first at...Sally Pullen who beamed with pride.
"I see where we stand," said a stern Melissa, a governess from central casting. "You leave me no alternative. Boys, you will all stand with hands behind your heads and prepare for a good, old-fashioned spanking...with a sandshoe!"
Excitement swept over the troop. The day kept getting better.
She picked the biggest sand shoe to hand, one of Steve's size 12s, and instantly brought it slap against Alan's small, tight left buttock. The blow lifted him skyward, made him gasp and made his little erection jiggle madly. What a stinging! She followed with strikes to his right buttock and then, working a circle, to his upper thighs just under the curve. And then five more circles, four blows each, making him groan through clenched teeth as he kept his hands locked behind his head and threw his midriff forward with each blast.
When Alan's erection wilted - Sally had thrilled at the sight of his penis jumping around - Melissa moved onto Rod. As her blows rained down on his bottom his long, arched erection pranced and pirouetted - dancing balletically . Eventually the swan's neck of a penis subsided, its outward curve pointed half-deflated at the ground. Rod's red-freckled bottom was now as scarlet as Alan's. And stung like nothing he had ever experienced.
Melissa was in her stride now, face flushed and eyes ablaze, and Gerry's very white hindquarters were subject to terrific force. When the blows hit the upper-thigh, just under the curve of his ass cheeks, he seemed to lurch forward with a stinging that spread into his whole nether region - almost threatening to fling himself into Alice Jone's arms, watching, as she was, from the closest position. As close as she was able to get. Plenty to tell his sister, especially about how his upright cock quivered and bounced with each stroke.
Three erections had now been defeated . Now Melissa hove into Steve's athletic globes. Round one, two, three and four were completed. His bottom was red. But his mammoth, heavily-veined outcrop did not wilt. She powered on, full force. His loins jerked forward with each blow, the massive prick vibrating. But it stayed rock-hard.
The girls were gawking at it. And his eyes were open. He seemed to want to see them looking at him.
Which, Melissa concluded, may have been the problem.
Another two rounds and she was flushed and exhausted. His bottom was bright red. But his prick was still rampant.
She didn't admit defeat. Just ignored it for now. "Girls, you might like to inspect these bottoms. Very sore bottoms. See first hand what happens to naughty boys." No second invitation was needed and soon a dozen uniformed girl guides were oohing and aahing while inspecting the colored cheeks and thighs of the four boys still immobilized with hands locked behind heads. The backsides were almost evenly red in a continuous tone, but a shade darker on the roundest parts. Steve's reddest of all.
The boys still had to keep their hands locked behind their heads - Melissa was stern on this point, but she had no objection to the girls reaching out to stroke and caress the punished skin. Some were lavish and lingering, some strokes turning into furtive tickles.
Which had the predictable effect. Three erections spring back to life as if by mechanical effect . And Steve's had never faltered. Melissa took in the sight - four naked males with rearing pricks - and feigned outrage.
To the delight of every girl, now galvanised by the biology lesson, Melissa moved to take Alan's bolt upright member. She couldn't believe how tiny it after Steve's. She could fit six this size, no 10, in her grasp when she couldn't even make her hand enclose Steve once. She declared, "It seems we are left with only one way of making these go down..." and she took Alan's right hand and placed it on his knob "...and that is by each boy giving us a nice big ejaculation. Which for you girls may be a very useful lesson anyway."
She gave Alan an encouraging thrust or two and supervised the process with the other boys . They started by holding their pricks shyly as if they had never before touched the strange objects. But soon she had them moving in the time-honored rhythm of pleasuring themselves, up and down, up and down... while their eyes now assumed a distant far away look, glassy and self absorbed. The girls stood in silent wonder ; the only sound was the watery one of skin against skin.
Up and down, up and down...until in one sudden discharge Alan Larsens sent a jet stream of gooey fluid through the air to splash...on Sally Pullen's skirt, and followed with two further blasts landing on the ground between them. Wow! There was a collective shock. "I told you he was in love with you!" whispered Gloria as Sally examined the white fluid lodged on her garment. Encouraged by this - or so it seemed - Rod's ropey tribute then sailed forth - they could see it in full flight - and smacked onto the blouse of ...yes, Emily Wainwright, who looked for a second as if she would fall backwards with shock.
"Come on, Gerry, show us what you've got," encouraged Alice as her friend's brother worked away on his stout, regulation dick. As if a cheerleader's encouragement was all he needed he immediately spurted, sending a shaft of white fluid straight up to splatter on his chin and hang off it, threatening to trail to the ground. He looked very funny and the girls gave him mock cheers and applause.
Which left Steve working away on his long, thick shaft with it's metro directory of veins, the statuesque head now a dark purple. All eyes were on him and he seemed to welcome them, turning his head with his chin jutted out, as if to say, come on, girlies, look at me. Look at me stark naked, playing with my big prick.
He was enjoying it. Perhaps - thought Melissa - he realises for the first time what he really likes. "Enough," she said and marched right up to him. She brushed his hand away and with hers took the head of his penis and gave it the round-the-tip massage that had worked before. "Watch carefully, girls, this is how it's done...the only way to banish an erection...which we need to do...because when they're under control we are going to march these boys back to town...buck-naked...taking their clothes with us in our backpacks...only returning them when when hit the meadow five minutes from town...teach these lads a lesson...the lesson of their lives...and they can't object because we'll report them to the police for public indecency..."
There were squeals of anticipation from the senior scouts.
Now her hand switched to stroking the whole length of his veiny prick even though she could not enclose its width. His eyes were popping. He was breathing heavily. And she continued talking while she looked him dead in the eye.
"... they are totally in our power, girls, ONE HUNDRED PERCENT . So we walk back through the woods...taking them with us...but they won't be wearing a stitch...they will be walking in line with us, in their birthday suits...stripped to the buff...naked as the day that they were born...while we'll all be in our uniforms..."
Steve was ga-ga - almost on the point of gibbering - as her words raged through his imagination. He could see a dozen girls marching him through the woods like a prisoner...a prisoner stripped naked by his captors...their eyes all over his naked body as he hiked. There they were now, in front of him in their neat uniforms, ravishing his nudity with their greedy eyes...
He felt it coming...
He felt the surge...
Steve exploded.
"OOOOHH...HAAARR..."
It was not the impressive arc of earlier behind the shrubs but a nice load all the same. It brought the oohs and aahs of a fireworks display. It was certainly enough to impress Laura who copped it on her leg. "Yuk!" she exclaimed. Cheers and applause from the the other 11 girls.
All of them with soaked panties, all ravishing the male flesh, all looking forward to the two hour hike home. Which Melissa was now organizing.
The track wound through the woods, sometimes along a creek. Occasionally it opened into a bosky glade or a camp site but mostly it was only wide enough to permit two walkers side by side. There were some steep patches up and over ridge lines and you knew you had done a walk by the time it opened in meadow and farm country just outside town.
There, Melissa decreed, and only there would the boys be allowed their clothes. In the meantime they could pull on their shoes and socks and join the queue at irregular intervals between the uniformed senior scouts.
The strange procession would be like Amazon warrior maidens returning to camp with stripped male captives.
So they set off along the narrow track between the over-arching trees.
Wearing socks and sand shoes and not another stitch only made the boys look more vulnerable.
Alice Jones fell in with Gerry Smilie. Oh my God, she thought, I...am...walking...through forest...with a naked...young man. By my side. My friend's brother. Without a stitch. And with a red ass from a spanking by my scout leader. Oh my God.
Slyly, with sidelong glances, she was able to watch his neat dick swing pendulum-like. Or, if she trailed slightly, catch his jiggling ass cheeks, lithe and white, toiling away - but with those vivid splotches from the recent punishment. Once when they climbed a steep rise, he in front, she saw right between those cheeks. Saw his peeping boy's asshole. The secret shameful hole itself! Hairless and pink. Then as a bonus had a thrilling rear view of his compact balls between his legs. And to make it even more exciting he didn't realize she was seeing it.
Alice had never had a boyfriend. Had never seen a nude male. Her parents had been strict. They had kept her at home. She began to think, what might I get in return if I didn't tell his sister? The thought played on her mind.
Further back red-headed Rod Kelly became aware of the heavy breathing of Emily Wainwright more or less at his side. He was relieved it was her and not one of the more forward girls. He sensed her eyes shyly darting over his body, gazing down his front when she was by his side - but furtively, out of the corner of her eyes - probably still curious about his funny equipment and red curls. Peeking at them. And when he pulled ahead he felt her eyes ravishing his ass. Felt certain of it.
Strange, he was beginning to like being nude. Even like the attention this girl was giving him.
It dawned on him all of a sudden. Gee, he thought, this is nice in a funny way. Hiking with nothing on. And with flat-chested Emily, wearing glasses and with that mousy hair, he didn't feel threatened. She didn't seem cruel like the others.
He breached the top of a rise and turned to put a hand out to help her. Oh hell, he realized too late he was placing his red brush, his long, uncut prick and dangling balls only inches from her face. As she completed the haul up she was face to face with his privates, close enough for him to feel her panting breath on his foreskin. His nudity in the presence of her uniform gave him shuddering embarrassment all over again. But it was a thrill he was beginning to savor in a weird way.
"Thanks," she squeaked.
"I'm sorry about..." Oh jeez, how do I complete this, he thought. "...about back there, when it hit you...you know..."
"Oh, that's okay. It washed off. Not even a stain."
And the two of them were blushing. But Rod began to feel sort of warm and mushy about being with this plain girl who could be so nice about being splashed with his flying sperm. Not mocking or teasing. In fact he was now feeling a lovely all-over kind-of pleasure at walking naked with her. Stark naked while she was fully dressed. Then, while they were talking, in a matter of fact way his long, skinny appendage stiffened, curving to point at his companion. Completely erect again.
She saw it. She couldn't not see it.
They resumed walking. She asked him whether that happened very often. He found himself explaining about boys' erections, about the constant fear of embarrassment with sisters and mothers. About always getting them on buses. About the problem of having to stand up in classrooms with a teacher and a whole class looking at the bulge in your fly. Oh, believe me, that is dreadful, he told her. She was sympathetic. She said it must be hard being a boy. And he was enjoying telling her these shameful things. These confessions seemed to go with being buck-naked in her company.
She asked him about the flying white stuff that comes out of his penis. And he explained about nocturnal emissions. About the embarrassment of coming home from school each day to see your pajama pants on the washing line. Fearing the neighbors might notice and your sisters certainly did. Let alone your Mom who had identified the shameful tell-tale stains.
He told her, taking a deep breath, that most boys "played with themselves" down there and made the stuff come out. They knew it was a bad habit but after a while the urge became so strong they couldn't resist it. You just couldn't make your penis go back down if you didn't do it. He had heard of one boy who on one Sunday did it eight times. Emily was so nice about it and so understanding, even with his penis pointing them down the track. And when two girls up ahead turned and giggled at the ridiculous sight Emily scolded them away.
Further back on the trail Alan Larsens found that Sally was either at his side or just behind him. He felt she was intent on opening conversation. She was certainly scoping his body with lubricious sideways peeps. Every time that happened it made him blush but he was enjoying the air and bursts of sunlight on his naked body and the feeling of his genitalia swinging . To the extent that equipment as modest as his could swing.
"I think I should send you a bill for dry cleaning after that mess you made of my skirt," she said.
He blushed so deeply he could feel the heat on his face. Deeper than he could ever remember in his life. He wanted to sink into the stony track.
" That's hard...for boys...to control..." His voice broke with the shameful recollection and trailed off.
"You were pretty cruel with me when you were young, Alan Larsens," she said.
Silence.
"Remember the time with the tree-house in the paddock at the rear of our big backyard? You forced us girls to push off so you could take it over. I was in tears. And there were other times, lots of them."
Silence.
Then he said, "I was badly behaved. Back then. But...you kinda got even today, didn't you?"
She asked, "I guess you could have died of shame when we turned up?" He found himself shuddering at the recollection. She pressed on, "What on earth did you think when we were staring down at you trapped in the pool stark naked?"
"I dunno . I was embarrassed..."
"Yes, but how did you feel when we were looking at you completely naked? I bet you hated it. I know I would if it were reversed. Did you feel real shame? I mean real shame, like you wanted to faint or die?"
"Yeah... "
"When you had to stand there nude and knew the girls had their eyes all over you? Or when I made you put the leaf down there and when you got...?
"Sometimes that just happens to boys and we can't stop it. But the worst bit..."
Suddenly he fell into a submissive role, walking naked except for shoes and socks next to a girl so neatly attired in pleated uniform, scarf and beret while both of them analyzed his shame. It was giving him a gorgeously sweet flutter in his tummy. He was beginning to like it. He wanted to - jeepers, this was strange - start gushing, tell her more. Tell her all his dirty secrets. Throw all his boy's inner thoughts at her feet and throw himself on her mercies.
He told her no female had never seen him nude. At school he hated visits by female doctors and the idea of having to strip off for them. He had gone missing on the day for medical checks. His sisters once burst in on him when he was naked in his room...doing something...
"You mean, playing with yourself?" she asked giggling and taking a cunning sideways peek.
"Yes," he confessed, feeling an exquisite shame creep all over him. "But I covered myself up with the magazine and yelled at them to get out. They saw nothing. Phew! It was a close shave."
They both laughed.
"Want me to tell you the worst bit back there? The worst bit was coming out of the water." Another shudder ran through his body. Sally giggled. "That's the part I Ioved most! Oh tell me, tell me, tell me! What did it feel like?"
So Alan told her about the spooky feeling of panic in his gut. In fact getting told by that woman to come out and stand in front of them made his guts feel like they were turning to water. He told her how boys don't like girls to see their secret parts. Some worry girls will make fun of their penis and testicles - he used the formal language - because they look funny. And some boys - here he trod carefully - think their penis is not long or thick enough. Yes, the hardest part was hauling himself out of the water. When his privates came out. He said he could feel eyes all over his body. Every inch of it.
"Yes, but what did that shame feel like?" The question made him shudder again.
"It hurt my feelings. I felt so small. I was so helpless and you...you... girls were totally in charge. It was...a real queer feeling in my tummy."
She felt sorry for him . It was touching, almost pathetic, that he was ready to share these confidences. His enforced nudity had done it, no doubt, and her in a uniform by his side. What else could he do? Like this, without a stitch, he was too vulnerable to be rude to her. And she liked that stark naked body the more angles she saw it from, the more close-ups she was able to sneak. Under that Elvis hair he was really good-looking.
"Oh, there was one other thing I really liked. That was when she spanked you so hard your...your...thing bounced all over the place. You should have seen your expression as the shoe hit your bottom. Oh gee, that looked funny. And - just turn round. Yes, it's still red."
He thought he would faint at the humiliation.
Then she patted him on the arm and said she guessed that made them even.
After walking about half an hour Melissa called a toilet break. She insisted the boys go first, off into the trees, but three girls must accompany each of them. Continue the biology lesson, she said with a mischievous gleam in her eyes, even adding it might be useful if girls helped the boys take aim. "Don't forget I'm a nurse so I'm thinking about these things all the time. Hold the boy's thing while he does it."
Christine Crawford and Susie Winthrop fell in with Rod and Emily . The three uniformed girls and the naked boy with the elegant erection left the path to find a protected patch of flat ground surrounded by trees. But with this added female company - he didn't like the overweening style of these two - Rod's stiffness began to subside.
Manfully he spread his legs and aimed his dick. Christine sallied forth to insist on holding it, delicately between thumb and forefinger like a cocktail sausage. That encouraged Susie to insist on cupping his balls, delighting in the big loose sack. She, however, made the mistake of squeezing, forcing Rod to double over and wheeze,"Boys. Don't. Like. That!"
From the sidelines Emily watched annoyed at how the others had intruded on the demi-paradise she and the skinny red-head youth had been inhabiting. She felt she had been in an Arcadia, walking on forest paths with an innocent naked boy who offered up his innermost secrets. Just then Rod let forth a powerful golden stream which seemed to last a lifetime before dwindling to a dribble. The two intruders seemed satisfied with their part in this episode and drifted back to the trail. Christine called over her shoulder, "We'll leave you love birds to it."
Rod stood there holding his penis. He looked at Emily shyly and, like a schoolboy requesting his first dance, asked in a soft, quailing voice, "Would you like to shake it dry for me?" This was the sweetest thing anyone had ever asked of her. She moved to his side and looked at the hooded object with reverence before lovingly taking it . She gave it five gentle shakes. Then without asking permission she cupped his scrotum and for the first time felt the mystery of those hard objects in their soft, flexible bag. Instinctively she knew not to hold it too hard. She looked at him while fondling his large loose sack : his eyes were dancing with pleasure . She took the extravagantly long foreskin and moved it over the disproportionately small head - made her think of the head of a snake - several times. Sighing, he said, "You do it much nicer than the other girl."
She thought it the nicest compliment she ever had.
As they returned to the trail they were holding hands.
Basketball champ Steve seemed in a reverie of his own, walking more or less with Melissa but with a shifting party of girls joining in or following right behind, sometimes elbowing to his side to sneak sideways glances at his half-erect or fully erect member. Now used to the exposure and relishing it, he was playing a game of his own. He was begging, "You're not going to tell girls in my class about this are you? Please, pretty please? I would really hate that."
"Oh yes, we will!" came the playful rejoinder.
"We will be on the phones tonight."
"God, no! What will you tell them?"
"Oh, about you being caught in your birthday suit. About you running away so we couldn't see your dick. About how Miss Haines spanked you with a sandshoe, about..."
He acted as if he was stricken.
"Please don't tell them about...you know...my..."
"About your big thing getting stiff all the time? Listen, that's the best part of all!" They broke up in fits.
"I hope you don't," he said in a defeated undertone. It did not sound remotely sincere.
The fact is he desperately hoped they would. He wanted all the girls to hear it and to gawk at him in the school corridors and in the school grounds, whispering behind their hands. And the girl scouts seemed to know he really wanted the story to get out. Indeed during this exchange his big appendage went from sticking out parallel to the ground to jutting up at the sky. It gave his dirty game away.
Half way in their journey Melissa told them to stop at a clearing with camp fires and fallen trees, a good place for rest and refreshment.
Alice and Gerry - the boy terrified of his sister finding out - drifted to a log and sat down, the two taking care to scrape the tree surface so the boy's bare bottom wouldn't be scratched. Alice opened her pack and extracted a sandwich and bottled water to share with him. Again, he thought a nice gesture. This girl is not as bad as I feared, he was thinking.
Her next remark confirmed it.
"You know, I was thinking about that business of telling Karen."
"Yes?"
"What if we do a deal?"
"Yes?"
"My parents are going to be out of town next weekend and I've got two cousins coming to sleep-over. To keep me company in an empty house. To look after me. I was thinking...well, they're nice girls. My age. Not pretty, exactly. I don't think they've had boyfriends. It just occurred to me...what if we didn't say a thing to Karen?"
"Yes?" His heart was beating hard.
"We say nothing to your sister. But in exchange you come to the sleep-over with my cousins. And..." she drew the word out.
"Yes?"
She pointed at his bare chest with her forefinger. "You get to go naked all night - just like you are now."
Gerry felt waves of relief and gratitude. He wanted to fall at her feet and take the hem of her skirt and kiss it...he would do anything for this angel. Sweet submissiveness was surging all over him. It was a queer, sweet feeling he had never felt before. There were now prickles of sexual excitement as well.
"And what would you - and them - do to me?"
She leant over and whispered in his ear, "It would be just like today."
The two didn't have to say anything more. A boy being stripped under the gaze of three fully-dressed females, being shamed deliciously, having his body examined up close, being played with by the dressed females ...their minds were racing, together.
In his naked lap, as he sat down on the log next to her, Gerry's punchy prick began to stretch. She noticed.
"Except there is one thing. Just one extra thing. I think they might want to do things with your beautiful blond hair. Even with a ribbon. Maybe a pink one. And they might want to apply a bit of make-up, lipstick and stuff. And they just might want you to put on nice ladies undergarments..."
"I don't think I would like that."
"Sad,I'd hate to have that conversation with Karen. "
His prick was bolt upright and something was glistening on its end. Which sort of sealed their deal.
Sally and Alan Larsens were in another corner of the camp site - he propped on his elbows on the grass, no longer shy in her presence, his petite penis lolling over his loose scrotum, the outline of the two marbles visible, and she sitting on a rock, feeding him biscuits and relishing the view of his physique. Holy ghost! He thought, here I am actually spreading myself out naked for her, and I'm loving it!
"You know, you should check out the old tree-house," she was saying. "I go there whenever I need some quiet time alone. It's kinda pretty up in the branches and leaves."
"Sure. Sounds good." He was ready to agree to just about anything this girl suggested.
Sally's mind, however, was running hot - stimulated by the gorgeous sight spread out before her on the grass. And the spectacle earlier in the day. Her imagination was racing ahead with libidinous plans. To do with him and her tree house. As soon as she got him inside she would persuade him - no, order him - to strip completely. Yes, order him. Even his sandshoes - because there would be a use for those. In fact, that old treehouse was spacious enough for them to rerun today's whole repertoire including the bare-bottomed spanking. Let alone that tantalizing eyeball inspection of his stripped-to-the-buff nudity. Looking at him now, she was sure she could stretch that out for hours. Oh, he was handsome.
And she was working on another dimension.
Her elder sister was a nurse and had briefed her on the fun of shaving men before surgical operations. Apparently the nurses, young and old, loved performing it on young male patients. The idea had played on her mind and she was intent on practising on the pubic bush now displayed before her.
And she had another grand idea. To make that nude, depilated young man climb down out of the tree house, rung by rung, in broad daylight and walk nervously around the paddock. He would be terrified of a passer-by seeing him. She would even make him work as a gardener, while she watched from up in the branches - watching him fearfully looking over his shoulder while he raked leaves , his ass red from her punishments. And maybe that sweet little penis sticking up.
And it would be delightful to watch him down on the ground naked as a jay when a party of girls swung into view, or a middle-aged woman, and see Alan crouch and cover up with his hands. To witness his shame. And then back in the tree house, to review what had happened and make him shudder with the recollection and talk about what he felt. Finally to make him take that finely-shaped penis and force him to do what Miss Haines had forced him to do. See whether his stuff would land on her again.
Suddenly they both glimpsed tall Steve gamboling over the grass to Melissa who was seated on a log. His huge penis was rampant again. They could see it in stark profile, even make out the sprawling mushroom on the end. "Jeepers, I hate his...thing!" Sally spat.
Alan asked, "Really?"
"Hate it! It's unnatural. Too big."
"I thought women liked them that way. "
"Not me! I like pretty ones." Her eyes roamed, and settled.
And I would do anything you ask, thought Alan.
"We must inspect that old treehouse."
"Yes. Must."
Taking an offer of her jacket to sit on, Steve settled on the grass next to Melissa . She handed him a sandwich. The food had an immediate effect . Or maybe it was the effect of being nude in her company. Or being nude for hours among dressed females. Maybe it was the epiphany by the old swimming hole, the discovery that, while he was nervous to start, he had found what he wanted.
Whatever reason, the rangy athlete with the outsize membrum opened up. He told Melissa how, as long as he could remember, he had liked the idea of getting naked in the presence of dressed females. But it never happened. As an adolescent he had wanted to answer the front door when female canvassers were doing their rounds selling religious books or encyclopedias and letting a bath towel slip as if by accident.
Once when home alone he had seen a middle-aged female coming up their garden path and he quickly stripped and stood at the closed door with a bathroom towel clutched over his midriff. But at the last second he had wilted and not responded to the bell. He now regretted it. He longed to see astonished looks on feminine faces while he stood naked. He wanted female eyes to ravish him.
But when the woman doctor had examined him at school he had been painfully shy. He had suffered an erection as soon as he entered the surgery and had gasped with embarrassment when she slipped his underpants down while he lay on the examination table. She asked him lots of questions about his penis and examined it minutely. When a girl in his class called with a message for the doctor and stood at the door she apparently caught a glimpse of him and later the teasing in the classroom was unbearable. Now looking back he admitted he would happily relive the affair. Thought about it often.
When he realized his penis was much bigger than those of other boys' he had even stronger urges to show off. He showered with the bathroom window open and the light on hoping the elderly widow who lived next door would end up gawking at him. He still didn't know whether she had. He would go to school swim events in tight racers two sizes too small hoping to catch glimpses of women and girls feasting their eyes on his outline. Whenever it worked, and their eyes were popping, he would panic and cover up with a towel. His ideal job would be a model for female art classes, only he knew he would never be able to avoid a constant rock-hard erection.
He admitted to Melissa that he "played with himself" sometimes. She quickly asked how often. He said once a week - no, every day, he confessed. Actually, sometimes more. What did he think about while he did it? He said it was always the same. He thought about being nude and ashamed in the presence of fully-dressed women and girls.
While he confided in the older woman she absent-mindedly ran her fingers through his auburn hair. It was like having a son, she daydreamed. Only one with a godlike body who was rather over-sexed . He needed her very individual counseling. She would give him the tender, loving attention he craved.
Emily and Rod sat on the grass and looked across at them. They could see Steve's legs splayed in front of him as he carried on the conversation with Melissa ; Steve's mammoth penis was at full stand as he recounted his urges.
It was making Emily wonder about the things she had seen today.
"Do you think there are some boys who are excited by getting shamed, you know, with no clothes in front of women, embarrassed being caught nude like you all were today? It seems that boy likes it."
Rod had now spread his skinny frame out on the grass, lying hands behind his head to reveal wiry red underarm hair. Sporting a half erect penis rising from a blazing ginger bush, he was totally on display. Emily, sitting legs crossed, fed him slices from her apple, and found the sight irresistible.
"Today, at first, it was terrible. Then walking on the trail the humiliation sort of...sort of...melted into something else. Right now I love being naked. But only with you. It has to be a nice girl, like you. "
She reached out and ruffled his ginger locks.
Meanwhile something was happening with Melissa and Steve. As he had been making his confessions he had grown more and more excited. His prick had started discharging copious quantities of sticky, transparent fluid. Unconsciously he had started fingering himself, lightly up and down his penis shaft. He had gone on to admit that, if truth be told, he "played with himself " three times a day every day. The confession shocked and excited Melissa. He said he couldn't help it whenever those dirty thoughts got into his head. It would be even tougher after what he had experienced today.
At this point his motions were getting more urgent. Girls who had been drifting around the camp site in groups of two or three to look at Alan or Gerry or Rod, making comments behind their hands, were now coursing to Steve and Melissa - where Steve was warming up.
He was telling Melissa that when he felt girls eyes roaming his naked body he felt tingles all over, his stomach went fluttery, his penis felt it was on fire. He said he liked them to laugh at him, to tease him, to look amazed at his cock. He liked it - really loooved it - when they acted superior because they were fully dressed and he was in his birthday suit.
The flapping sound intensified and his speech became more blubbery. Meanwhile the congregating girls were fulfilling this very fantasy. They crowded in, arms over one anothers' shoulders to ooh and ahh at his size and stiffness, purple mushroom head and bulging veins. His eyes roamed over their faces and grew more glassy and distant.
In a flash Melissa was kneeling at his side to take the plummy head of his penis and give it the caresses she knew he loved. All the time she cooed in his ear, telling him what a naughty boy he was to want to run around naked and show off his cock to parties of uniformed young women . Look at their faces, she whispered to him, they are all looking at your totally...one hundred percent... naked body...as naked as the day that you were born, you naughty boy...looking at you "playing with yourself "...moving your hand up and down on your enormous cock which these virgin girls would all love to play with...
Then she settled on the notion she suspected would bring his sperm flying out in a flash.
She told him that when he was back at school every last girl would be talking about what happened today, about him being naked and being so embarrassed that he had to run off into the bushes. Every girl, and you can bet his female teachers, would know about how he had been spanked until his ass had turned red and how his erection would not subside. About how she and 12 senior girl scouts had seen him shoot his load. Every girl at school would be hearing about the size of his prick - about all its veins when it was at full stand - and when he turned up in class they would all be whispering and pointing at his fly.
Her hand was moving up and down his shaft greasy with all the spilling pre-cum. His lips were trembling and his eyelashes quivering. But he continued to search the faces in front of him. All the girls had gathered, even Sally, Alice and Emily had scrambled to see what the action was, their nude male partners following.
Melissa settled on a killer line.
She leant in real close and told him that she was going to go to her pack and get her lady's razor. In front of all the girls she would make him lie on his back while she shaved off his auburn pubic curls. She would take an hour to do it, real slow, stretching out his shame. And when it was complete - he would be as bare as an egg - make him walk around the camp site and show himself. They would howl with laughter and tell all the girls at his school so he would have even more to be ashamed of.
AHHHHHHHHHHH! OHHHHHHHHHHH!
A shot of fluid flew out and splotched on his chest, in the light coating of auburn hair. Another hit his abdomen, just above his navel, followed by thick trickles and final pearls. It glued Melissa's fingers. She stared at the mess for a second or two and slowly and deliberately lifted her fingers to her mouth and, looking at the girls, stuck one in. And sucked it clean. And followed one by one with the others.
Her senior scouts were astonished. And silent.
Brazen Tammy Smith stepped forward, reached down and scooped sticky deposits from his chest and brought it to her lips. "Yum yum!" she exclaimed. "Boys' taste!" And there was a rush to follow. Milly Smithers, who before today had only seen an outline of a man's equipment in swim shorts, closed in, taking Steve's still hard phallus and squeezing out some foaming pellets and scooping them with fingertips. She plunged her fingers into her mouth and sucked hard.
Gloria, who had dilated over photos of her loved Greek statues, and whose panties had been soaked today as she goggled over the real thing, plunged in too. She scooped up a big generous helping of the boy's juice from the droppings on his chest. The passion to taste his semen had girls elbowing one another aside. Within a minute or two Steve's body had no trace of the pearly fluid. He had been scraped clean.
Lying back, eyelids drooping, he was in seventh heaven.
Gerry and Alice drifted back to their log, the boy with a solid erection dripping with pre-cum and a far away look. She was also affected by what they had seen. They sat together. Tentatively she asked, "Would you like...? And gestured vaguely at his pointing appendage.
"I think we might have to."
Delicately Alice reached across. For the first time in her sheltered life the flaxen-haired girl with the freckle-face felt the rubbery hardness of a stiff prick. And felt the sticky clear lubricant that was issuing from it. She thought Gerry's cock was the perfect shape, boyish and tough. The cock of a young gymnast. She stroked and twisted the slightly mauve tip, working the corona, as she had seen Melissa do twice with Steve. Keeping at it till she noticed that far-away look in his eyes and his breath was shortening. Then stroking the length of the stem.
"Is that good?" she asked.
His reply was to shut his eyes and nod.
Six girls had hurried across the grass to watch but stood off, less inclined to intrude than with the flamboyant show of Steve and Melissa.
They warmed to the sight of the short blond boy with the cute snub nose drifting into that otherworldly state. They relished the water-like slapping noise of skin on skin. It was a relief to see a penis half the size of Steve's. And nice to see their friend show you didn't have to be a Melissa to take control of one of these naked young men.
Gerry braced himself, threw his head back, and WHOOSH! His emission flung itself out and sprayed his shoulders, chest and tummy with fluid while he just managed to avoid falling backwards off the log.
He recovered and just sat there, sort of dazed and dripping. Alice beaming proudly.
One of the girls pointed to the glistening deposits on his torso and asked, "May we?"
Alice nodded. She didn't ask Gerry. She and he were in tacit agreement. He would - happily - do anything she asked. The girls greedily fell on the lunch offering and walked off licking their fingers. He was left like Steve, perfectly dry.
"When I go to your place? With your cousins? Will we..? "
It was Alice's turn to nod.
He snuggled closer to her on their log, nestling into her brown scouts' uniform.
Rod and Emily had been affected by Steve's performance and had witnessed Alice and Gerry. Rod was stretched out on the grass again, one hand behind his head, the other beginning to feel up and down - but only gently - the stem of his long curved, erect cock. Her hormones racing at this turn in her life, Emily started talking about her now-favorite subject, namely, how some males clearly enjoyed being shamed by being naked in the company of clothed females. She was fixated on this theme. As she talked about it her lubricating juices squeezed out of her vagina and her panties grew even stickier.
She said that when she married she would like to keep her husband naked at home, all the time. She would order him to strip off as soon as he walked in the door at night. She would think of ways to humiliate him. She might have female friends and relatives visit, him all the time kept in the buff. Even while he serves them drinks. Growing bolder she said she would invite him to play with his penis with visitors present. And, just like Rod had had to play with himself and make the stuff fly out in front of the jeering girls today at the pool, her husband would be forced to do that in their lounge room. With their female friends and relatives watching his every move.
Rod's gentle touching had now become serious stroking, lying flat on the grass while Emily squatted next to him, telling him her deepest new-found desires. Girls drifted in groups across to view this latest show, standing at a little distance. But it didn't affect either of them.
Emily said she would organize picnics where she and her husband would find secluded forest trails. She would order him out of his clothes and help him undress, putting every item well away in the backpack so it was well out of his reach. She would carry the pack so every inch of him would be naked. Besides, after today, she has learnt to enjoy seeing the muscles on a man's back while he walks. They would find pools and creeks where he would swim while she watched from the bushes. She would be hoping that a party of females would catch her husband nude and he would be acutely embarrassed just like he had been today.
As he absorbed her word pictures Rod's strokes were becoming more urgent and his slit was overflowing with fluid. He was lying, looking up at the sky, stroking vigorously. He barely noticed the crowd that had gathered, all the girls in their brown uniforms and berets and Melissa and the three nude boys. They were absorbed in watching him pleasure himself with his unnaturally long, bent cock. Alan and Sally were part of this audience, standing in the front of the crowded circle. Alan, the handsome boy, with his Elvis hairdo and the dainty prick, was watching Rod's public display with erotic fascination. And Alan's prick - the delicate four and a half inch appendage on his handsome body - was bolt upright. It was the most natural thing for Sally to reach sideways and take it in her right hand and start moving it, in time with Rod's motions.
Meanwhile Emily continued talking softly about how her husband would come close to dying of embarrassment when she showed him off naked to her friends. But taking him nude through the forests would really be a gorgeous sweet thing. And if strangers got to take him by surprise the shame would do him good.
She described what the shame would be like. She said he would feel full of the sweet emotion, overflowing with it. The shame would make him want to sink into the ground. It would fill his tummy and make his thing stand on end. And when she slapped his naughty bottom - him standing with hands locked behind his head - their friends would laugh at how his thingie would wobble and bounce and leap. But she would keep doing it, making his globes turn deep red, and his thighs. All the time his erect penis bouncing - so funny - and her lady friends laughing their heads off.
Rod suddenly arched his back, lifted his hips off the grass, moaned loudly and let forth globules of flying spunk. His emissions reached his forehead, his neck and his chest. He heaved a great sigh. He sunk back, eyes clenched. His big Adam's apple jerked away. Then Emily craned forward and, solemnly, silently licked the sperm off his forehead. With long, slow loving licks. Every pellet.
Then Gloria and Tammy and Susie and Millie descended like scavengers to scoop and scrape it off his neck and chest and to squeeze what they could from the small snake's head, now retreating under his foreskin. Their goal was to experience another boy's cum. Tammy said it was less salty than Steve's. Susie thought she detected a lemon tang. Gloria insisted with this boy it was an orange tang given his red hair. While this ruckus was happening, this feasting off his body, he just lay spent. He didn't even open his eyes.
Behind her glasses, under her mousy hair, Emily beamed with proprietorial pride.
The sight of the uniformed girls greedily scooping up his friend's sperm and sticking gluey fingers in their mouths sent Alan wild, standing there above the prone red-head. Sally was fiercely pulling his petite dick, now crouching at his side to get the best grip. Backwards and forwards. Working intently, moving up and down his four and a half inch stem with her friends watching every stroke. But as he watched the girls feast on Rod's sperm - he had never dreamt of such a thing - he assumed a manic look. He seized his cock himself. Eyes clenched shut he furiously jerked away. Backwards and forwards. And burst forth. He blew a load that landed in Rod's red pubic bush. Right in the tangle of ginger hair. And another that hit his red-freckled thigh. And another blob spattered alongside it. Then a third.
Rod languidly raised his head to see what had happened. Beyond that he didn't move from his spent, post-orgasmic exhaustion. Then the scavengers descended again to get at the new deposits. Tammy plunged her fingers in to claw Alan's spunk out of Rod's red bush and plunge her fingers in her mouth. Gloria was manic, elbowing Tammy aside to get what she could from the same red tangle. Christine scooped up the pellets from the thigh.
Susie, determined to taste her third boy, simply knelt, and placed one hand high on Rod's thigh just under his balls and the other on his knee, to hold him in place. She then lowered her head to fasten her lips where the sperm had landed and she vacuumed up what was left of Alan's deposit. Then, somewhat frenzied, she lathered his thigh with her tongue determined to get every last taste. Prone, Rod raised his head higher to watch in amazement the feeding frenzy taking place on his own body.
Alan, legs wobbly but still upright, was galvanized by it too. These women were going frantic to get a taste of his prick fluid. But it wasn't over.
Laura, who feared she had missed, descended on Rod's now floppy dick. She produced a long, pointed tongue and carefully, slowly, deliberately licked the red-head's disproportionately small penis head, trying to get into the slit for some more foam. Her tongue then ranged round and round under the vast foreskin which she was stretching open. "Beautiful but a bit salty," was her verdict when she rose. "That's the red-head's sweat," said Tammy. "I liked the last boy's taste. Maybe the small one's have the best flavor."
Sally wanted to taste her man's sperm
She knelt and took Alan's delightful little member in her mouth, all the way - to suck out the freshest foam for herself. Alan's knees wobbled again, his eyes closed. But he managed to stay upright while she sucked what remained of his flavor from the tube of his prick.
Later, when the crowd dispersed, Rod stretched languorously on the grass. Under the scroll of red pubic bush his soft penis lolled in his groin, a few late bubbles emerging. His scrotum was completely soft and vast. Emily was thinking it looked huge, and the stones inside it.
While he sensuously stroked his red-freckled tummy he turned to look up at her.
"Wanna go on a picnic?" He trailed his fingers over his belly and ran them down to his pubic hair in a lazy, languid gesture. "Wanna go on a picnic...tomorrow?"
Emily, afternoon sun glinting in her spectacles, suddenly knew the meaning of fulfillment.
Milly Smithers and Gloria Jenkins both had the taste of four boys in their mouths. Their panties were ringing wet. But they decided on one last circuit of the camp site.
They dawdled towards big Steve, sitting on Melissa's coat against the log while the senior scout leader ran her fingers through his auburn hair. His eyes were closed. His horse meat flopped soft in his groin. It was the first time the girls had seen his outsized monster penis in a relaxed state. Milly though for the first time it resembled the privates on the statues in her art book.
They could hear strands of Melissa's soft whisperings. She was saying things about naughty boys, about filthy urges, about what girls at school were going to think. They saw the basketball player, eyes still dreamily shut, break into a gentle, satisfied smile.
The two girls strolled to the log where blond Gerry nestled against Alice. She was feeding him a peeled banana, letting him take a bite at a time. They liked his compact gymnast's physique, his short boyish proportions. And they caught snatches of Alice's cooing monologue - describing her cousins, plain girls, who would love to have a naked young man to inspect, yes, with all his clothes stripped from him. And would want to do all kinds of loving things to him. They might, however, like to take him over their laps and give him spankings...but not harsh ones with a sand-shoe, just enough to bring up a lovely red flush.
As Milly and Gloria watched they saw Gerry's penis, on display in his lap, stir noticeably, thicken and stretch. They noticed that Alice, cooing into the boy and feeding him the banana, saw it as well. Gerry's eyes closed. He looked a picture of content.
Alan was lying on the grass, propped on his elbows. Gloria thought his delicate penis most approximated those of fifth century Athens, judging by photos in her art book. She could easily imagine it as marble, decorating one of her beloved statues. Milly thought it a long way smaller than the half-hidden one she had glimpsed in that boy's swimming trunks, straining against the cloth, as she remembered it.
Sally was sitting at his side. With a twig she was sketching light lines across his torso. What a lovely tickling the boy was enjoying. Up and over a pink nipple, down the middle of his tummy and along the timberline of glossy black hair. Then up his ribs and towards an arm pit. Then down his side, up and over his hips and round the testicles. His " balls," as the gossip of playground had it, and for reasons the girls had learnt today. They had loved the view of the marbles or the rocks in the four sacks they had seen. Alan's eye-lids drooped, he drifted into another state and the dainty penis began to stir and lift.
Meanwhile Rod was somnolent, listening to Emily's soft words - the two girls picked up references to picnic activities and swimming nude in secluded pools, to spankings in a bushland setting. To him going naked for her friends. And Rod's long thin penis was uncoiling. Like a thin elephant's trunk inflating and curling above the blazing red of his pubic curls. It was rising and curving, coming to life. He looked asleep except in his groin.
Finally Melissa marshalled them and uniformed girls and naked boys stood ready to start down the track. Her eyes glinted mischief again. "We're off on the last stretch," she said. "And I want to make an offer to the boys: if you want your clothes back you can have them. I think I've made my point. And as we get closer I'd understand if you wanted to cover up."
There was a sigh of disappointment from the girls.
"Any boys want their clothes?"
Steve was stock still, mammoth cock already beginning to reflate in anticipation of the nude walk with the senior girl scouts buzzing around him. Clothes were a disgusting thought. He would be happy to live as a nudist from now on - providing there were plenty of females around to gawk and gape. He didn't want clothes. He wanted eyeball inspections of his naked body.
Rod Kelly could live nude too. With a girl who would make him strip off the minute he came into the house and show off his red bush. Who would take him into the woods and, behind the first tree, instruct him to disrobe completely. This nude walk, next to an understanding girl, was the experience of his life. No way he would take his clothes back, not till they got to earshot of town.
When she saw he was not volunteering to dress, Emily gave him a playful tickle on his bottom, still quilted from his lying on the grass. And brazenly reached out and cupped the dangling, loose balls with their big rocks, one heavier and lower than its brother.
Rod beamed, proud of his new-found courage. He would stroll hand in hand with Emily naked. With the air around his skin and the leaves grazing his hips. As happy as he has ever been. All the way, as far as he could. And repeat it on their picnic tomorrow.
When Melissa had made her offer to reinstate clothing Gerry had turned his cute snub nose to Alice. She firmly shook her head.
No argument.
Alan and Sally were standing on the edge. When Melissa made her offer his hand had started to rise. Sally's dark eyes flashed and she decisively grasped his hand and pulled it back down. And kept holding on. Alan submitted and dreamt of the tree-house.
The last part of their walk commenced.
It was even more idyllic than the first.
Sally, the pretty brunette, sometimes walked with an arm draped over handsome Alan's shoulder, sometimes around his waist. She marveled at the movement of muscle in his abdomen, like rubber under the drum-skin tightness of his belly.
And she only had to drop her concupiscent gaze lower to settle on his organs of generation, as her biology text put it. His were the loveliest in existence she was sure. What a wedding night package for some lucky bride. If she caressed him lightly, grazing his tight little ass or running fingers up his back, she saw the petite penis fill and stick out. And if she followed with some thrilling details about plans for his tree-house visit it would surprise her, surprise him, and stick up at the sky.
Gloria Jenkins, the pudgy girl who liked pictures of statues, wove in and out of the line - precisely to see what was happening with the boys' genitals. Just now she had seen the red-headed boy walking arm in arm with Emily whispering away, and his funny, narrow, curved cock was pointing the way down the pathway as the two of them swung along, hand in hand.
Gloria was suddenly joined by Milly Smithers who darted back from where she had been walking at the head of the line. "Oh my God," she whispered. "The big boy is at it again. Girls have been teasing him about telling at school and his thing just stood right up."
"All the way?"
"All the way! Right flat against his belly pointing at the sky!"
"Ohhhhh! Let's go and see! Remember we tasted his stuff but, gee, it was sooo sour."
Susie Winthrope had been enjoying the sight of each of the boys too. It was great to inspect their pricks. But now she was getting the rear views. She liked their round, tight asses. muscling along. Their bottoms were all so nice. Gerry had by far the tightest and most defined : a gymnast's ass.
But Susie was becoming a connoisseur. What she savored was not just their bottoms. Now she was pursuing the prurient view right into the boys' cracks. She aimed to catch them when they mounted a rise or stepped over rocks. She had seen Steve's crack when, climbing an incline in front of her, he had bent over to struggle with his shoe laces. His cheeks had parted and the crack opened up and she had seen his hole. It was just like her kitten's nose and mouth. From its circumference, like rays of a sunburst, auburn hairs were flattened by sweat.
She stood behind him loving this privileged rear view. It thrilled her and her panties were getting soaked. Then he surprised her, looking behind and winking! The show-off had deliberately bent over, standing on the incline, to open up his crack. But after his cheeky wink he bent over again and continued to work on his laces. He wanted her to look at it some more.
His puckering hole itself was like another eye winking back at her. It was the most intimate thing she thought she could look at. It was the centre of his secret being, or something like it. His balls sometimes hove into view between his legs but sadly never his prick because it was always standing out in front, a disappointment to any girl behind him.
Indeed when, after this encounter, he resumed walking he positioned himself so Susie could see it. After the dirty excitement exposing his hole to her, his cock was pointing ramrod stiff to the sky.
Susie thought that Rod's hind view was even more exciting. First, there was a tuft of wiry red hair in his crack. That was like a token of evil. Unnatural. The devil's work. A thrilling discovery. Second, his testicles really did dangle, one lower than the other. And seeing that hairless scrotum swing like a pendulum - swing between his legs, in rear view - was a pure joy. She felt deliciously wicked, sneaking the backstage view when Rod had no idea a girl was poking her nose up his most intimate part.
As for that handsome Alan Larsens, his cock and testicles couldn't be seen from behind even when he took big climbing strides. But just some minutes ago she had glimpsed deep in his crack and seen a hairless pink puckering hole - very cute and boyish - which reminded her, strange to say, of Rod's puckering foreskin. Maybe these body parts - asshole and foreskin - were cousins. Her vagina deposited another globule of lubrication in her soaked panties.
The procession halted.
Melissa had mounted a rise. From here she looked down on an opening in the woodlands. The track was about to wind its way through the neglected corner of a golf course, miles from the club house and remote from the fairway and never used. Except, apparently, for today. Even from this distance the party could see two spacious marquees and a dense gathering of people, 50 to 70.
As the rest of the hikers joined her she extracted a small pair of field binoculars and surveyed the scene like Robert E Lee at Gettysburg.
"What have we here? It looks like...oh, no...goodness...oh yes."
She turned to confront her party and pronounced, "Wouldn't you know? It's the Golf Club Ladies' Day Picnic. And we're going to have to go right through them. There's no other way around."
"Well, what about our clothes now?" challenged Gerry.
"Yeah, we can't walk nude right through that lot!" insisted Alan.
Melissa appeared to agree but caught Steve's expression. He was desperate to walk naked through the ladies' picnic. She couldn't deny him this fulfillment. This would be the greatest moment of his life given all that he had poured out to her a short time ago about his innermost urges. She also saw Alice cooing into Gerry's ear. The short blond was beginning to look very submissive indeed. As she whispered he started nodding solemnly. He'd been told by Alice that he would be staying naked and there was nothing he could do about it. She would be making all the decisions for him from this day forth.
Meanwhile Sally's dark eyes were flashing as she whispered to Alan, "We. Are. Going. To. Let. Those. Golf. Ladies. See...the prettiest penis in the whole wide world!" Wow! He was suddenly stirred by the sheer...naughtiness...of it.
"But what if they laugh at it?"
"Well, wouldn't that be kinda nice too?"
Jeepers!
He thought of the way he had enjoyed total nudity on this walk. He thought of the sweetness of surrender to female authority. And if female golfers pointed at him and laughed at a small dick, well, he would be set on fire the way Steve was when they pointed at his big one.
Melissa was ready to move but somewhat resented Steve's beaming smile and now-rock hard penis. He was rearing to go, to get into it, to display himself to the female golfers. He was enjoying this too much. There was one cruel trick left to her.
She ordered Tammy, Christine, Susie and Gloria to take Steve by the arms and hold them back. She asked Milly Smithers, the girl fascinated by the bulges in mens' swimmers, to very gently prise Steve's erection out just a tiny distance from his pubis. Because she, Melissa, was going to shave all Steve's pubic bush until he was clean as a whisker.
There were intakes of breath. She delved into her backpack and opened a pink toiletries bag to produce her razor. Steve gaped, his eyes wild, but as she wielded that thing so near his stubborn prick he dared not struggle. She started at the base of his shaft, moved to the sides of the brush, satisfied herself with a rough cropping before returning to complete the depilation more thoroughly. Then she did the circuit again rounding up every last one of his auburn curlies.
He was completely shorn.
Tammy fell on some of the fallen curls and snatched them up. " Souvenirs! For the girls at school!" And her companions went wild, grabbing the short auburn locks to wrap in their handkerchiefs. Sally, who had heard about pubic shaving from her sister and planned to use it on Alan in the tree-house, looked Alan in the eye. He read her intention. She was sending a signal that he would soon be as bare as an egg down there. Like Steve. He swallowed deep. Nothing need be said. Sufficient unto the day...
Emily snuggled into Rod. "Whatever else I order you to do, you're not loosing your flaming red bush."
His response surprised.
"Oh, I guess it grows back fast."
His readiness to let her shame him did not have limits. She absorbed this little revelation with warm pleasure.
Gerry had a different response, however. He asked Alice, "Your cousins won't wanna do that?"
"Oh, I don't know."
"Okay, a deal. The hair, the make-up, even the ...girly underwear if they want. But not..."
"Oh, I think I'll be making that decision, boy."
No argument.
They started the descent.
Some yards out the socializing lady golfers noticed the party of hikers. Closer, they became aware that the leader, a rangy young athlete, was naked. Then, that he had a huge erect prick. When he was in their middle, that he had no pubic hair.
They were middle-aged and elderly. They stared in astonishment, then gluttony. For the second time today Steve felt exploratory female eyes all over his midriff. His great white monster throbbed. And now...this time...there was none of the terror that had made him hide behind bushes. For him now no terror. Just a celestial dirty thrill, a great surge of it right through his being, his gut, to the bulbous mushroom head of his prick. Especially when he saw the popping eyes wide as saucers. Especially when he saw a woman as old as his grandmother lock in a prurient leer at his cock.
A big dollop of pre-cum now appeared from his penis slit.
Everyone of the excited, stunned women golfers was imagining what she could do - if anything - with a battering ram that monstrous.
As their silent astonishment turned to gasps and giggles the surging female golfers, some with drinks or paper plates in hand, saw amid the uniformed girl scouts, a thin red-headed youth with a nervously bobbing overlarge Adam's apple... and a long curved penis pointing the away ahead. He was blushing acutely.
"It's just like a swan's neck," he heard an obese, pearl-wearing matron exclaim. And then sink into giggles, blushing at her indecorous comment. "Look at those BALLS!" gushed a brazen dyed-haired 60 year old gesturing with a cigarette holder. "What a pair of baubles!" There was huge merriment from her circle. "I love his red curlies," trilled a 30-something. "Wish I had those to come home to."
It was Emily who was asking in Rod's ear whether he felt shame now. And what was it like? Her panties were soaking. He was close to tears or fainting, the experience was so intense. He would be able to talk about it later. But some nameless impulse was willing his cock stay at full mast as the crowds parted for him. He wouldn't be without this experience. He reached back for Emily's hand. But she had deliberately drifted off, to make him suffer more.
"This will just like you stripping for my cousins," Alice was assuring Gerry as the two of them entered the crowd. He strode out, trying not to see the young mothers, the sexy middle-aged matrons with dyed hair, the rutish grandmothers without any inhibitions left, the frustrated housewives who read about sex in magazines but were getting less and less...who, without warning, were looking close-up at a cute, snub-nosed, blond gymnast walking with a 45 degree erection. Blushing scarlet.
He could feel their eyes roaming all over.
The crowd was more outspoken, warmed up by what they had seen. "Take him home with you, Hazel! Bet you'd want to!"
"Look at that private part, ain't it picture-perfect!"
"Yessir, sturdy and upright and size perfect! Oh my God, this is a day to treasure. Where did they come from?"
"Well, what a pretty little picture that is!"
"I'd expect my son William looks just like that with his clothes off. Must get myself a peek next time I can!"
"The tight little ass, Kathie, his backside! Just look at his ass!"
There was more, much more. Especially as some of the ladies threw their plates and drinks down to trot alongside the nude youths, becoming more brazen and raucous and coarse in their commentary.
Alan Larsens was in view now, the uniformed girl scouts falling away to the sides, as they had with the other boys. Even Sally had separated herself from Alan, as Alice had with Gerry. And for a reason : to let her boy have the most shameful experience of his life. To make it an even more deeply humiliating experience than the scene by the pool. To make it...an initiation. And to have a deep sensuous subject to analyze for a long time to come.
Alan was not erect. His dainty cylinder of white flesh fell in front of his barely visible scrotal sack. The mauve-tinted head of his penis was an acorn, not a sprawling mushroom. He picked his way, trying to stare straight ahead. And he tried to cut off the vulgar commentary around him.
From a peroxide blond 50 year old, "Hey! Here's a little one. My, isn't that cute!"
"Hi there sonny. You're still growing, I take it?"
"Don't worry, it's not what you've got, it's what you do with it."
"My, he's awfully proud of his little pecker, isn't he?"
"Not many boys would be going around naked with a tiny thing like that. That's for sure. Wonder why he's doing it?"
"But isn't he so good-looking? I'd take him home - but I'd still want my man's big gun."
"If my daughter unpacked that I think she'd want her money back!"
When Alan had passed through these tormentors, out of the golf property and into a forest glade where the party had gathered, there were tears trickling down his cheeks. But Sally kissed them away. And the girl he had tormented in childhood was whispering sweet things about the tree-house tomorrow.
"Boy, you sure got even, didn't you?"
He was snuffling.
She put her arms around him. "Come into the trees and I'll make it up." The uniformed senior girl scout led her buck-naked boy into the forest.
Someone noticed that Melissa and Steve were missing. Giggling, Gloria Jenkins explained that when he emerged from the golf party Steve had been shaking - trembling all over - and his cock had been dribbling with fluid. "He said he had never been so excited. He was starting to play with himself again. Melissa took him into the trees to fix him up. Said they might take a little longer about it this time but we should continue to the meadow."
So they did, in sight of the town and its church towers. Where they relaxed and rested on the grass.
Susie Winthrope was the first girl to do it. To reach up under her skirt and wrench her smelly, dripping panties down her legs. "There's no way I'm taking these home," she declared. And flung them over the fence into the long grass of the cow pasture. Gerry caught a quick glimpse of her hairy vulva when she did it. His cock immediately rose. Alice noticed. He blushed.
For her part Emily shocked Rod by doing the same. She held her panties up just as she had held a boy's underwear by the pool earlier in the day. And smiled at the red-head. This gesture and the sight of girl's underwear made Rod excited. "I'd like to hold them," he said shyly. He took the panties and pressed them to his nostrils. And so Rod had his first scent of a woman and introduction to her lubricating fluids. His prick uncoiled in tribute. The swan's neck paid its respects one more time.
Alan apparently had just enjoyed his first contact with a woman's lubricating fluid too. Because at that moment the handsome owner of the dainty dick arrived, arms wrapped around Sally - whose uniform was disheveled. Grass and leaves plastered on it as well. Alan was at peace, the trauma with the cruel golfers clearly forgotten. One clue : his penis was greasy and foamy . And Rod noticed it emitted the same overpowering odor that came from Emily's panties. A woman's smell. Alan and Sally looked very satisfied.
Gloria told Sally what all the girls had done with their soaked and smelly panties. She should do the same.
"I'm not wearing any," said Sally with a far-away look. And Alan beamed at her side.
It was a longer wait for Steve and Melissa.
When they arrived Steve looked wrung out. There were twigs in his hair. His chest and back had scratches. A leaf was plastered to his bottom which was quilted after lying on grass. Rod, Gerry and Alan noticed that his big dick was finally hanging soft, looking much bigger because of the total absence of any pubic bush. It was also foamy and greasy. And reeked of a vagina's juices.
Melissa's skirt hung unevenly and in places her blouse was hanging out. There were twigs and leaves on her uniform. She looked kind of dazed. Suddenly she noticed the litter of wet panties lying over the fence.
She gestured. "Ours?"
"Thought it would be better," said Susie.
"Why don't you do it too?" asked Gloria, outrageously.
Still dazed, their senior scout leader hitched her skirt and reached up under it. Gerry, standing closest, got a glimpse of a vast hairy vulva and caught an overpowering whiff of woman's lubricating fluid. He thought he saw silvery snail trails down her thighs. His cock stiffened further. Then Melissa dropped the skirts and looked blank. "I must have forgot..."
Steve laughed first. "I'm not going back to find them!"
Then they all joined in the laughter. Melissa too.
Alice quietly steered Gerry off to the side. She whispered she had seen him glancing up the skirts and had seen the effect it had had. She slowly, deliberately reached up under her skirt and took hold of her own panties and hauled them off. She did it with her skirt held as high as she could, making sure he saw her pouting vulva covered in flaxen locks. Deliberately gave him a good look. Stretched it out and looked down to see his regulation cock harden further to its standard, rubbery 45 degrees.
She stood close and pressed her panties to his face, screwing their crotch into his snub nose. She felt him go weak as the pungent odor filled his lungs. Instructing him to hold them to his face, she watched him obey as always. Then, glancing to see that her girl friends were distracted - making fun of Steve, as it happens - she reached down and grasped the bell-end of Gerry's punchy erection. She gently twisted and stroked the corona. She felt him go tense. By the time she started stroking the shaft he was close to coming. And he did, flinging out a rope of silvery fluid that littered the grass six feet off.
There was applause from the group.
"Well done!"
"Real neat!"
"It was the golf ladies that did that!"
"No, no the whiff of panties. Boys can't help themselves when they get that!"
Gerry and Alice strolled back.
"Will your cousins let me do that with their panties?"
"Yes. And after a day with you, expect their panties to be just as wet and smelly."
The senior scouts began to unpack boys' underwear, jeans and t-shirts and the boys started to identify them. Then Rod, Gerry and Alan made it clear by their stances that they expected to be helped to dress. To be helped into their underwear with their cocks and balls being patted down, touched one last time today, with perhaps another tickle or two on their bottom cheeks. And into their shirts with the opportunity for girls' finger tips to play fleetingly with their tummies, nipples or armpits. And when their shorts had to be hauled up their legs, another opportunity for some petting and poking. Emily, Alice and Sally were more than happy to fulfill these hopes and indeed seemed to test Melissa's patience by spending too long on the delicious assignment.
And Steve? He had his clothes over an arm. But was not getting dressed. He said he was planning a return to the Ladies Day. He wanted to do that again, more slowly. And then maybe a circuitous route home though the town's back alleys and parks. Somehow, describing these options, his penis had begun to rise again. He is unbelievable, the rest of them thought.
They all laughed at the monster.
Finally Melissa said, "I think our day has come to an end."
Damn it, was the general response.
Leaving Steve naked in the field they started the climb to the town. They walked slowly. There was a sense of reluctance in the air. Then Melissa paused. "Can't leave the boy like that, girls. You all go home. I'm going back with Steve. If he's going to revisit the golf ladies I think he needs me to watch over him from the woods. And look after him after. He is a young man with very, very great needs."
Boldly she sauntered to rejoin the naked young basketball player. They watched as she put an arm round his waist and, facing them, gave a hearty wave. They saw his prick jump to full stand. He took the giant erection in his hand and started moving it. Up and down the mammoth white shaft. Even from that distance they could see the network of bulging veins and the purple tinting of the mushroom-shaped crown.
Steve had one last message for them.
"Remember - about today. Just do one thing. Remember, don't tell the girls at school!"
He laughed. Melissa laughed. They all laughed.