This is a work of fiction. All characters are over the age of 18.
——-
Some college students get all the luck. Just as one example, some of them get to spend their last year doing an internship overseas instead of attending regular classes on campus. Some ofthoselucky bastards, in turn, get to go someplace really cool, like Spain, and spend a chunk of their free time going to nude beaches.
As you may have already guessed, I was one of those lucky bastards. In beautiful Barcelona, I was ostensibly assisting with historical restorations, but it was probably more accurate to say that I was working a side gig while majoring in tits and ass.
It seemed like about one out of every four public beaches in Europe was nude, and those that weren't nude were at least topless. Needless to say, I spent a lot of my free time at the beach. I had never been to a nude beach before then, and I loved it.
Platja del Coco was my favorite beach. Every time I was there it was filled with people -- some in their birthday suits, others not -- looking out over the crystal clear water, or laying on towels on the soft sand.
During my first few visits, I had been mostly interested in looking at naked women. As I'd become a regular, I had felt my attitudes changing. It had become more about being seen naked than about watching others. I'd found myself drawn to the more heavily populated nudist area just to make sure my nudity had gotten noticed. It had felt important somehow. My entire life philosophy had seemed to be changing.
Technically, explicit sexual acts were prohibited, including erections, but I'd seen a lot of hard penises anyway. After I'd seen guys masturbating out in the open a few times, I'd decided I would be less modest -- if 'modesty' is even a word that goes with nudism. Whenever my cock had decided to stand up, so had I. I'd reveled in displaying my sexuality.
I must admit, part of the excitement of the nude beach was seeing people having intercourse, right out there on the sand. They would fuck without any fear or embarrassment. I couldn't help but watch. I figured that if anyone was going to get in trouble, it would be the couple fucking, not those of us watching and jerking off.
Yes, I loved the Spanish beaches. I knew I always would, even if I were never to get the chance to visit them again. All good things must come to an end, however, and at the end of my internship, it was time to return home. I had thought I'd figured out something profound about life there in Spain, but I was in for a serious shock when I got home.
I had corresponded with my parents regularly during my internship, and they had agreed it would be a good idea for me to move back home afterwards while I looked for a job and got my career started. I would stay in my old bedroom; I'd envisioned it being just as I had left it. Alas, it would also be in the same house, on the same street - which is to say, rather far away from the beach.
My parents were rather conservative, and I'd never hinted at my nudist activities in our correspondences. I'd had no intention of stirring up that hornet's nest. One part of my philosophy that didn't change was that what they didn't know wouldn't hurt them. I had searched online and found a nude beach relatively close by my parents' house -- just an hour's drive. I resolved to be there my first weekend home.
My parents were out when I arrived at the house. I made the trek to my old room with my luggage in tow, only to discover my little sister had laid claim to it - though not as a bedroom. No, she'd kept her old one, and had turned mine into a giant walk-in closet. I won't say she's a slob, but she is a bit of a pack rat. My room was filled with her random stuff. I didn't really mind; we had always been close. I knew we could reach an amicable compromise.
I put my suitcases on the bed to unpack when I heard a door close downstairs, followed by a voice calling out, "Where is my big brother?" I heard feet trotting up the stairs, and Lisa burst into the room.
When I had left, my little sister had not quite been eighteen. It's amazing how much difference a year can make. She had slimmed down in some areas and filled out in others. Her breasts had grown, and her cleavage was on display in her crop top shirt. Her long, tanned legs went from her feet all the way up until they made an ass of themselves. She was wearing athletic shorts that made her behind look absolutely gorgeous.
"Greg! You're home!" She wrapped her arms around my neck and gave me a huge hug, her breasts pressed against my chest.
"I see you have two rooms now," I said. "Do you think I could borrow one?"
Lisa looked at me and smiled. "Only if you ask nicely!" She hugged me again, then showed me that although it looked like she had taken over, there was more than enough room for my things. "I've been meaning to clear this all out, and I will. Maybe you can help me pack up some stuff for storage."
For some reason, my nude beach experiences suddenly came to the front of my mind. Most certainly my sister's knockout body had something to do with it. Without giving it any thought, I blurted out, "So, Lisa, have you ever been to a nude beach?"
"Oh, get real! A nude beach? No! Have you?"
"Yep! And let me tell you, it was great -- life-altering great! Like, I wish I could be there right now."
"You weirdo." Lisa had a big grin on her face. "You really did?"
"I did -- as often as the weather and my work schedule allowed." I felt proud of myself, like I had accomplished some feat. "I highly recommend it."
"Weren't you embarrassed to have everyone see your thing? I mean, you were totally exposed!" She paused, trying to figure out how to say what was on her mind. "Did you ever get, you know, hard?"
"That's not how you should think about it. You're thinking of embarrassment first. It's difficult to explain, but it's more about shedding societal shackles. It's about reframing your life viewpoint -- altering your priorities away from what is expected of you." I stopped for a moment, then added, "Yes, I sometimes got hard. But it doesn't matter." I felt so sophisticated, imparting my worldly wisdom to a young, unenlightened girl. I was a bit full of myself, wasn't I? Once my brain had caught up to my mouth, I also wasn't quite as brave about discussing nudity with my little sister as I was pretending to be.
Lisa just stood looking at me. "I think Spain changed you -- but in a good way. You seem more ... I don't know. More real, if that makes any sense."
"I think I've changed too, but I wasn't sure if it showed. I'll tell you this: being naked with other people around might have something to do with it. It's such a rush! You have to try it. I don't know if you were aware, but there's a nude beach less than an hour from here. I'm planning on going there this weekend. Would you like to join me for a life-altering experience?"
Lisa glanced at me with a quizzical look on her face. "You're my brother. I don't know if I want you to see me naked."
"It's really no big deal. Do you know how many pairs of tits I've seen in the last year? I'm immune to yours now. Don't worry about it. If it bothers you, maybe we should get the awkward part over and done with. We could strip now and get past the first look."
"I don't know, Greg," Lisa said. "This is a lot. Are you serious? I mean, really?"
"Sure, but don't get all in your head about it. Here, I'll start." My shirt came off over my head. Then I unbuckled my belt and dropped my pants and briefs, leaving me naked in front of my sister. I knew I was able to control myself in such a situation. I was experienced, after all.
"Greg!" Lisa wheeled around to face away from me and my genitals. "Cover that thing!"
"Come on Lisa, you're not a virgin, are you? You've seen a penis before."
"Not that it's any of your business, but no, I'm not a virgin." Then she turned her head a little to look and offered up a smirk. "I've seen a few penises, but they were so much bigger than that."
I knew that my seven-inch cock was not little. It wasn't the biggest dick in the world, but it was a bit above average. At that moment it was flaccid, so she wasn't seeing it in all its glory, but that was easily remedied.
"Oh, they were bigger, huh? Should I show you how big I can be?" With that, I grabbed my penis and started stroking it. I stood naked beside my sister, pulling my cock. I won't say I was masturbating, because at that point I had no intention of going any further than giving myself an erection.
"Greg, stop that! What are you doing?"
"Just showing you how big I really am. Just watch." I kept pumping my cock, feeling it grow. I looked at Lisa; she had turned to face me, and she was fixated on my fist, traveling up and down my shaft. I had a really good erection, but I wanted to make sure it was fully hard, so I kept stroking. "Look, Lisa; look at how big my dick is." My hand kept working my cock. I began to realize that my initial idea of stopping as soon as I got big wasn't going to work. It felt too good. Lisa was watching me, and that turned me on in a big way. Maybe I hadn't been before, but I was definitely masturbating.
Neither of us said another word. I spread my legs a little, letting my balls hang freely between my legs. I rubbed myself, knowing that I was past the point of no return. Lisa was biting her lower lip, and I could see her nipples poking little bumps in her shirt. My cock was rock hard, and my scrotum pulled up tight against me. I looked at my sister as she watched me fuck myself; her eyes were as big as saucers. My fist pulled and stroked and rubbed. Lisa's hand had found its way inside her shirt; she was unconsciously groping her breast. I groaned as I felt my orgasm starting. Lisa gasped as I came, semen spitting out of my dick. My legs went weak and my knees buckled. I was nearly doubled over, but I kept stroking, feeling my cock pump its load out into my hand.
When I finished, I straightened up, my still-hard dick cradled in my right hand, a puddle of cum in my left. Lisa just stood looking at me. All I could say was a meek little, "Sorry 'bout that. Guess I got carried away."
Lisa was still staring. "I take it back. Youarebigger than the other guys I've seen." She paused for a moment. "I hope you don't do that for Mom and Dad. And exactly what are you going to do withthat?"
'That' was quite obviously the load of cum in my hand.
"Yeah, wait here a minute." I stepped out into the hallway, looking first to make sure our prudish parents weren't around. I trotted to the bathroom to get rid of my spunk and clean the jizz residue from my cock. When I finished, I stuck my head out into the hallway, once again checking for our parents. Then I hustled back to my room.
Lisa was gone. Just across the hall, her bedroom door was closed. I was sure she was behind it, and after triple-checking, I scooted across the hall and let myself in. She was indeed in her room, and I noticed two things in just a split second.
First, I noticed that she had apparently decided to change her panties. Second, I noticed that the pair she was shucking - a black thong - were wet. Her denim shorts lay on the floor, but I'd caught her bent over, still in the process of trying to get the thong off her second ankle. As soon as I entered the room, she screamed, "Greg! Get out!" Then she lost her balance. She tipped forward, catching herself with both hands.
For a brief and glorious moment, she was in a sloppy downward dog pose, with her naked ass up in the air. I could see her pussy, and I noticed that it was glistening with her moisture. She tumbled to the floor, covering her crotch with her hands.
I couldn't help but laugh. She lay in a heap, her panties wound around her feet. I was still naked, watching my nearly naked sister trying to protect her vagina from my sight. "Here, let me help you," I said. "You just stay as you are and I'll untangle your legs."
"Okay, but don't you try to look at my pussy!"
"Lisa, I've seen pussies before -- lots and lots of them on Spanish beaches. I got carried away before, but you can trust me. I'm in control now. Now hold still." I squatted down and removed the damp underwear from her ankles while she covered her private area. I must admit, however, that I did try to see her pussy.
"What are you looking at?" she smirked. "Do you want to see my cunt?"
My sister's use of the c-word was a bit jarring, but not nearly enough to distract me from what I did, in fact, want. Being the experienced nudist that I was, I knew exactly what to expect, but it was my sister's cunt, not just anyone's. "Yes I do," I muttered quietly. I really, really did.
"Too bad," she shot back. "Not today, not tomorrow, not ever." Her hand never moved from covering her pussy. "You may be a nudist, but I'm not."
"Yet. You're not a nudistyet." I stood up and smiled down at her. "I want you to think about it for a day or two. I guarantee you'll have a blast. I think you'll find it liberating to be outside naked."
I got dressed, and then we started packing up some of Lisa's clothes and unpacking my stuff. "Where is Mom, anyway?" I asked. "Dad's at work, right? But where's Mom?"
"She's been running errands. She spends a day day or two every week out all day doing crap for one of her charities. She'll be home tonight."
"Hmmm. If she's gone all day, we could try being nude. What do you say? Want to strip with me?"
"Greg, you just got dressed... but if you like being naked, I won't complain." She blushed. "You do have a nice cock. I kind of like looking at it."
"See? You're getting into nudity! I'll get you to the nude beach yet!" I quickly took off my clothes and again stood naked in front of my sister. "Let's clean this place up."
We got back to work packing Lisa's clothes and other things for storage. For some reason, my cock didn't want to stay down. I knew I liked to be seen, and with Lisa's frequent glances at my dick, I was in a constant state of arousal. Then Lisa started to chuckle. "What's funny?" I asked.
"Look down," she said. I followed her gaze and saw a thin thread of precum dangling from my tip. It was swinging around with every move I made, and right then it hit my leg and stuck there. It made Lisa laugh out loud.
"There's stuff hanging from your thing! It's bugging me, so I need to wipe it off." She reached for my penis and gently wiped off the precum. Then she wiped the other end of the thread from my leg, leaving her finger with a trace of my emissions. "What do you recommend I do with this stuff?"
I looked at my sister and said, "Well, you could lick it off."
"There's not enough to taste," she said. "Can you give me a little more?"
"You'll have to get it yourself," I replied, holding my cock up for her. "There's lots more if you want it."
Lisa stood looking at me. "What are you suggesting? You want me to blow you?" It was just a question, like"What time is it?"Her tone and facial expression gave no clue as to her attitude. I couldn't tell if she was serious or joking, eager or disgusted.
"If you offered, I wouldn't say no." I was about as noncommittal as I could possibly be.
My sister had a gleam in her eyes as she slowly approached me. Her hand started to reach out, and my cock twitched in anticipation. She stopped, looked at me, smirked and said, "In your dreams, bro! I'm not touching that thing!" Then she wiped my precum from her finger onto my arm.
We both laughed and went back to work. I stayed semi-erect the entire time, and saw Lisa steal about a hundred glances at my cock. The thread of precum she'd seen turned out to be only the first of several. She chuckled every time another one appeared.
My first day home was busy, but afterwards the week slowed down. The weekend seemed to tease me for several invisible extra days, but finally it arrived, and I was more than ready for a trip to the nude beach. I woke up early Saturday and started packing up the necessities for a day at the beach. One nice thing about the trip: I didn't have to pick out a bathing suit.
I knocked on Lisa's door. From inside I heard, "Mmmphll nuuungh," which I'm sure meant something, but I have no idea what. Clearly she was still in bed and only barely awake.
"Get up, Lisa! It's beach time!" There were still no sounds of movement from within, so I opened the door to let myself in. She was lying on her back in bed, her blanket covering her legs and up past her navel. She was wearing a sheer nightgown, which had been pulled down enough to allow a nipple to escape. I stood, transfixed, taking in the view. I had seen so many nipples on the Spanish beaches, but that one was Lisa's, and it was wonderful. I was starting to feel a tingle in my crotch when she pulled the covers up and shook off most of her sleep.
"Greg? What's up?" she asked groggily.
"Come on, sis, we're going to the beach."
Lisa stretched and sat up a bit in bed, pulling her blankets up to neck. "I'm fine with the beach, but I'm not going naked."
"That's cool. It's clothing-optional. If you don't want to be naked, you don't have to be. Not everyone there will be."
"Okay. That works. Give me some time to get ready."
I went downstairs for a cup of coffee, checked the beach weather report on my phone, and waited. Eventually my sister came downstairs in her bikini and very short denim shorts. She liked to keep her shorts unbuttoned and unzipped to show off her bikini bottoms. I've always liked that look, and it looked great on her.
We jumped in the car and headed out. As we got closer, I noticed Lisa got quieter. "Are you nervous, sis?" I asked.
"No, of course not!" She was firm in her reply. "Okay, yes, I'm nervous. I've never been to a nude beach before. If I need to leave, will you take me home?"
"Sure, but I doubt you'll want to leave. Don't get all worked up about it. It's just people."
I parked the car and we started across the parking lot with our towels and beach umbrella in tow. As we crested the dunes that separated the nudists from the "textile" world, we saw naked people playing beach volleyball, splashing in the surf, and laying on the sand, soaking up the sun. My sister stood, looking at the vista before us, talking it all in.
"My god," she said quietly. "It's heaven!" She turned to look at me, a smile stealing over her face. Her expression was one of pure joy, like a kid on Christmas morning. "I know I said I wouldn't go naked, but I think I'm changing my mind. If I'm nude, you can't look at me, okay?"
I laughed and said, "I'll only look at your non-sexy parts! I think there's a tiny patch of skin on your ankle that isn't sexy. I'll only look at that."
She laughed and started to take off her bikini top, but I had to stop her. "We gotta get down past the dunes first, Lisa. Then we strip!"
We both ran down the dune, our feet kicking up clouds of sand. "Good enough?" asked Lisa. I nodded and started pulling off my clothes. Lisa was close behind me, and we both scrambled to be the first one naked. We stashed our clothes in our beach bags and strolled along the beach, headed for an empty section of sand to set up our chairs. I let Lisa walk just a step or two ahead. That way I could watch her perfect ass undulate as she walked. I stared at her butt, at her ass crack, and at the crease at the bottom of her naked cheeks. She was tan, but her ass had a white area where she would usually have bottoms covering her pale skin. I felt my cock filling with blood, starting to firm up. By the time we parked our umbrella and were laying on the sand, I was mostly erect.
Lisa noticed my boner and said, "Well, look who's waking up! Does he like it here? Does Greg Junior want to play?" She reached over and gave my cock a little flick with her finger, and it bounced up and down a little. "Enjoy that," she quipped. "It's the closest thing to a hand job you'll ever get from me!"
"I did enjoy it! And that's fine. I can take care of this myself, as you already know!"
My sister sat up and looked at me. "Are you saying you're going to masturbate, right here on the beach?"
"I might. I've done it before. It's kind of a turn-on to know people are watching me. You should give it a try."
"Yeah, don't get your hopes up!"
We laid on our beach towels, soaking up the sun, watching the nudists all around us. We saw a few erect cocks walking by, and a few ladies with piercings in various places that don't usually show. I noticed Lisa watching the beach goers intently.
Meanwhile my experienced nudist eye spotted a young couple making out down the beach to our left. They were groping each other, hands all over the place. Then, they got up, scooped up a large blanket, and headed away from the water to a large sand dune. The man was pointing the way with his dick, and I had a feeling I knew what they were up to.
"Lisa! Lisa, come on, let's take a walk!" I pulled her up and we headed off in the direction of the sand dune where I was sure we'd find the young couple fucking. I held her hand as we walked nude across the sand.
"Greg, where are you taking us?"
"To where the party is." Just then, we arrived at the top of the dune and looked down the other side, where the groping couple was taking it to the next level. She was laying on her back on a blanket, her legs spread wide, her feet up in the air. He was climbing on top of her, supporting himself with one arm while he guided his stiff member into her pussy with his other hand.
Lisa gripped my hand tightly, then added her other hand, making sure I wouldn't escape. We watched as they made love there behind the sand dune. I couldn't help it; I just had to jerk off. I gripped my penis with the hand not being held captive by my sister and started stroking myself. As the guy on the blanket fucked his girlfriend, I fucked my fist. I imagined my fist was a pussy -- my sister's pussy. I saw out the corner of my eye that Lisa was watching me, rather than the love birds on the blanket. I turned to look at her, and she raised our joined hands up to her bosom, then loosened her grip. I placed my hand on her nipple and massaged it between my first and second fingers. Lisa closed her eyes and sighed. I sped up my cock-stroking, and as I came, my knees nearly gave out. I shot a huge load of cum out onto the sand.
The blanket couple were out of public view, blocked by the dune. I, on the other hand, was standing atop it, in full view of everyone on the beach. It was a rush to think about. I gave Lisa a little kiss on the lips, and we turned to watch the sex show on the sand below us. After the two lovers both had rather loud orgasms, we started back to our little section of beach.
Just then I heard Lisa gasp, and she stopped dead in her tracks. Then she dropped down on the sand and pulled me down, too. "Lisa, what?"
"I just saw Mom! She was looking right at us! I think Dad is here too! Shit shit shit! What should we do?"
I lifted my head up and looked on the direction Lisa indicated. "Fuck!" I whispered. "Yeah, that's Mom alright! What the absolute fuck is she doing at a nude beach?" I hazarded a second glance. "And she's naked!"
Lisa was still in a crumpled pile on the sand. I looked up again and saw Dad sitting next to Mom, craning his neck to look around. Obviously Mom had told him we were there. Meanwhile, she was scrambling to wrap a towel around herself.
Lisa was beside herself. "We're totally fucked!"
"No, we're not," I replied. "Think about it. Who caught whom? They're just as surprised as we are. Come on. Get up. We're claiming the high ground on this." With that, I stood up and helped my naked sister get to her feet. "Remember, if anyone is outraged, it's us."
Lisa and I started walking toward our parents. Dad just sat there and watched us. Mom was obviously frazzled. She was frantically trying to pack up to leave while keeping her towel wrapped around her. As we got closer I could see Dad reaching out to her to calm her down. She spun around to face us, and as she did, she lost her towel again. The breeze carried it a few feet away and out of her immediate reach. She just stood there, naked, looking at her offspring.
"Hi there," Dad said, trying to act nonchalant about the whole situation. "Fancy meeting you here."
"I was about to say the same thing," I replied. "I didn't know you two enjoyed nudism."
"We don't!" Mom insisted. It was so pathetic that it was funny. "I mean, just because we're here ... I mean, don't think this means .... You two! I saw you, Greg! I watched while you ... while you ... pleasured yourself! And you were playing with your sister's breasts! And then you kissed! Are you two having sex?"
"Mother! No! Of course not! How could you even think such a thing? I'm insulted beyond words"is what I should have said, but that's not what came out of my mouth. What I really said was, "Not yet, but a guy can hope."
Lisa punched my arm hard, and Mom's mouth hung open. I stubbornly stuck to the plan, even though I'd just admitted I wanted to fuck my own sister. "You were watching us? You watched me jerk off?" I looked down at Dad sitting on his beach towel, but he was busy admiring his teenaged daughter's tits.
"Yes, I watched," Mom said haughtily. "I was thinking how much that young couple looked like my kids, but I didn't think it was actually you!"
"Did you enjoy watching me masturbate?"
Dad grinned; Mom blushed. Dad spoke up and said, "Your mother likes to watch. Don't you, Sue? Don't misunderstand her reaction to seeing you. She was just surprised. You caught us off guard."
Lisa finally jumped in, and she didn't stick to the plan. "You're hoping to have sex with me? When were you going to share that bit of information?"
I just had to laugh. The absurdity was off the charts. All four of us were stark naked, each accusing the others of impropriety -- well, all except Dad. He was still staring at Lisa. His gaze had shifted from her tits to her pussy. He was idly fondling his dick -- not really masturbating, just fiddling with it, like one might do with their car keys while in line at the store.
I broke out laughing, and it seemed to ease the tension between us. Dad invited us to share their plot of sand and offered us each a beer from their cooler. Lisa sat down, and I went to retrieve our own supply of beach gear.
When I returned, Dad was sitting cross-legged on their beach blanket, his cock on display between his spread legs. Mom was cross-legged as well, but she was covering her lap with her towel. Her tits were out, though, and I ogled them shamelessly. Lisa did not look comfortable at all. She was sitting on one ass cheek, her legs together, her feet up under her. She was trying to cover her tits with one arm, but it wasn't working. I sat down and asked our parents the obvious question. "When did you two become nudists?"
"That's what your sister just asked," said Dad. "I was just saying it was sort of a mid-life crisis. We just decided we wanted more."
"More what?" Lisa asked.
Mom answered, "As you both know, we started a family quite young. I was only seventeen when you were born, Greg. We never went through any kind of, you know, adventurous phase. So we're trying new stuff. Like this."
"Actually, the naked part was fairly recent," Dad said. "We really didn't set out to be nudists. Some friends of ours recommended it. Apparently, a lot of swinging couples come here."
Lisa didn't pick up on it at first, but I did. "Wait. What? Are you and Mom swinging?" My jaw dropped.
Dad had a little grin on his face, but Mom was turning red. He said, "We basically decided to stop allowing ourselves to be controlled by societal norms. If consenting adults want to fuck, then they should fuck. Why have we allowed society to shame us into limiting ourselves?"
Lisa and I looked at each other at the same time. "That's exactly what Greg said the first day he was home! Remember Greg? When you took off your ...." She stopped abruptly, realizing what she was about to reveal.
Mom looked up. "When he took off what, Lisa?"
Dad glanced at us and quickly figured out what it was I had taken off. He interrupted Mom to keep the conversation on track. "In spite of your mother's outburst earlier, if you two want to fuck, it's okay by us. I meant what I said: consenting adults should be able to do as they like with each other."
"Are you giving my brother permission to fuck me?" Lisa asked. Her tone was incredulous, insulted, and more than a little nervous. "I mean, what about my opinion? Doesn't that count?"
"That's not what I said, sweetie," Dad replied. "Listen to your elders. I said thatifyou two - as in,bothof you - want to fuck each other, we're okay with it. Now, that being said, I would encourage you both to really explore your desires. What kind of relationship do you want? For some people, the sibling relationship is incredibly special, and worth taking to the next level."
Lisa looked at Dad. "Youaregiving him permission to fuck me!"
Dad rolled his eyes and sighed. "Lectures about not listening notwithstanding, you're an adult, Lisa. There's no permission for me to give or withhold. The only 'permission' that matters now is yours, and your brother's - well, for this."
"Okay," I said. "I just want to make sure I understand exactly what the situation is, here. I'm not saying it will happen--" I glanced over at Lisa, making it clear what I meant. "--but if we do end up in bed together, and we're having sex, and Mom walks in and sees me inside my sister, she's not going to freak out, like she did a minute ago?"
"There are some parts of this I'm still getting used to," Mom replied. "My heart says, 'go for it', but my brain is still catching up to that. All I can promise is that I'm trying." Then she gave me a little smirk. "I would still like to know what you took off."
"Everything," I replied. "I took off everything. I was a regular visitor at a nude beach in Barcelona, and I was trying to convince Lisa that it was fun to be naked."
"Did you jerk off for her," Dad asked, "like you did here a few minutes ago?"
Lisa chuckled. "He did! I think he's been practicing while he's alone."
"Ha ha. Very funny, sis. As I recall, you enjoyed watching me."
"I guess I did, at that. I liked that your penis is a bit bigger than others I've seen."
Mom opened her mouth, and I assumed she was going to say something about the fact that Lisa had seen other penises, but she stopped and clamped her mouth shut. I laughed and said, "I saw that, Mom. You're wondering how many cocks your baby girl has seen, am I right?"
Mom just grinned at me. "Hey, consenting adults, right? Not counting the few hundred you've probably seen here today, how many, Lisa?"
"Mom, I have a feeling you don't really care how many I'veseen. What you really want to know is how many I've had in my vagina. Am I right? If you really want to know, I've had sex with a grand total of three guys. I'm not easy."
"Why not?" Dad's comment took us all by surprise. "All being 'easy' means is that you don't put up barriers to love, intimacy and sex. If you meet someone who interests you, and if you both want to fuck, then why deny yourself that? Like your mother said, go for it."
There was a pause in the conversation, and I said what had been on my mind ever since I'd arrived home. "Just for the record, Lisa, Iwouldlike to have sex with you."
Dad smiled. "I was wondering when you would admit that. Just for the record, so would I."
That double admission made Lisa blush furiously. She looked at us both, and at Dad's cock. He had started playing with himself in earnest and was getting an erection. "Dad ...?" was all she managed to say.
Mom spoke up. "Lisa, all we're saying is what's in our hearts. Dad admires his little girl, and that's a beautiful thing. He's not going to ask you to do anything you don't want to do." Then she looked my way. "Just like I won't ask Greg to do anything he doesn't want to do, although I would love to suck my son's dick right about now."
I'd thought my adventures in Spain had been wild. I'd thought I'd seen everything. I'd thought I was worldly and sexually liberated, but our parents' confessions caught me totally by surprise. It should go without saying that Lisa was equally floored - probably more so. My sister and I sat looking at each other, our apparently horny parents watching us squirm.
Dad laughed. "Relax, you two! There are no expectations here, just statements of desire. It's much like saying, 'Your hair looks nice.' It doesn't obligate you in any way. It's just how we feel."
Mom reached for Dad's hard penis and started stroking it. "I do love a good, stiff cock. Don't you, Lisa?"
Dad leaned back, supporting himself on his outstretched arms. Mom shifted on the blanket so she could get a better grip on his dick. As her hand slid up and down on Dad's prick, her other hand went between her legs to massage her pussy.
Mom looked at me and ran her tongue along her upper lip. The look of pure lust in her eyes went straight to my dick and made it jump. Mom noticed it and cooed.
Lisa's eyes were locked on her dad's penis, watching how her mom made him as hard as possible - how her fingers expertly worked Dad's manhood, coaxing it to twitch and strain with a desire to ejaculate. Then Lisa looked at my boner, which had sprung up in reaction to Mom's efforts on Dad's dick.
Mom lowered her head and took Dad's cock into her mouth. I watched her cheeks cave inward as she sucked on his prick. Dad pulled Mom's hair back, giving us a better view as she bobbed her head, his hard-on disappearing inside her mouth. Her lips were wrapped around his cock, sliding up and down his shaft. Occasionally she would slide her mouth all the way down to his base, obviously deep throating him.
Lisa scooted over next to me. She reached between my legs and grabbed my erection. "Like mother, like daughter!" she said, a little smirk on her face. She started slowly caressing my cock, stroking me. Then she lost a bit of her confidence - though, blessedly, she didn't stop. "Am I doing this right, bro?"
I couldn't believe it. My beautiful and naked sister was giving me a hand job. "You're doing ... oh yeah ... just fine. Oohhh." My sister's hand on my dick felt amazing. It felt even more amazing when she added her other hand. She laced her fingers together and fucked me with her palms. The feeling was intense, and I quickly felt an orgasm building. Just then, Dad groaned loudly. His back arched and bucked. Mom continued to suck his cock, and I saw cum leaking out of her mouth, dribbling down Dad's erupting dick. The sight of Mom slurping up Dad's semen pushed me over the top. I felt my penis start to pulse and I shot my load all over Lisa's clasped hands.
Dad was still groaning in orgasmic pleasure. When he finally came down from his sexual high, he smiled and said, "Lisa, good job!" He sounded genuinely proud of his daughter's sexual performance. Mom, meanwhile, was licking her lips, cleaning off the remnants of Dad's orgasm.
"Let's go for a swim. Then, afterwards, we can switch partners." Mom said it like it was just another routine list of things to do: swim, dry off, fuck your parents, take out the garbage. My head was still reeling from Lisa's hand job, so Dad got a head start towards the water. His still-stiff member was drooling cum along the way, and Mom was laughing as she ran after him. Just in case you were wondering, I did in fact check out her ass for a moment. I was stunned, not blind.
Lisa and I looked at each other, neither one of us sure we had heard her correctly. Lisa shrugged, stood up, and ran after our horny parents. That left just me, and although my head was still spinning, I managed to follow behind my sister's lovely... behind. Running on sand can be difficult, but it made her ass wiggle in a most attractive way - just like it had Mom's.
We splashed in the surf for a while, and I continued to appreciate just how sexy my mother was. She had obviously taken good care of herself. Her stomach was flat and taut, and her boobs would have been right at home on a twenty-year-old girl. Her breasts were just a little small -- probably a B-cup -- but the smallish size seemed to have helped them defy the ravages of gravity. Her nipples were firm and erect; her aureolas were small pink pools surrounding the islands that were her nipples.
I realized I was staring. Mom stood in the waves with a smirk on her face, clearly having caught me. She pinched one of her nipples and rolled it between her fingers and thumb. "Do you like your mommy's titties?"
I blushed and said, "Actually, yes I do." I noticed her gaze shifted briefly to my penis. "Do you like your son's cock?"
Mom didn't hesitate or blush. "I do. I love seeing my boy's dick. I'm hoping you'll share it with me."
Lisa was right next to me, and she grabbed my arm. She whispered, "I think Dad was actually serious when he said they wanted to fuck us."
I didn't realize he was right behind us until Dad whispered, "I was."
Mom waded over to us. "Why don't we all retreat behind the dunes and discuss things?"
The four of us walked to our supply of beach gear and grabbed a large blanket, then up the beach to the same secluded place Lisa and I had watched two young lovers fuck. We spread our blanket on the sand and we sat down in a circle -- a small, naked circle. We all sat cross legged, which put our knees close to or touching the person's knees on either side.
Dad made the first move. He simply put his hand on Lisa's thigh. She looked at him; their eyes locked. "Lisa, is this okay? May I touch you?"
Lisa looked a little confused, but she replied, "Yes, Dad. You may touch me."
He slid his hand up her thigh, up to her hip, his fingers dangerously close to her vagina. Lisa gasped.
"Lisa, do you consent to my touching you in a sexual way?" Dad's penis was growing quickly, and it was obvious what he was thinking of doing with Lisa.
Lisa replied quietly, in a voice just above a whisper, "Yes, Daddy. You may touch me sexually."
What was happening right before my eyes went against everything I thought I'd known about my parents, and it turned me on like nothing else. The fact that their exchange sounded like some perverted after-school special didn't even register. I looked over at Mom, and found that she was watching me -- watching my fully erect cock, and not her husband, who was currently seducing their daughter. She smiled at me. "Greg, do you consent to my touching your penis?"
I kept thinking how crazy it all was... and how I would never forgive myself if I said 'no.' "Sure, Mom, you may touch my penis all you want."
My mother reached across my thigh and took hold of my cock. She slid her hand up and down my shaft. I was already hard, and Mom's hand was making me even harder. I looked over at Lisa; Dad was finger fucking her, his middle finger deep in her cunt. Lisa's eyes were closed, her hands gripping both her nipples.
"Wait," I said. "Stop. This is just wrong." The others all stopped and looked at me. "I mean, if we're going to fuck, let's fuck." With that, I got up on my knees, pulled my mother's legs open, and positioned myself at her cunt. With a single thrust, I was inside my mom. She wrapped her legs around me as I skewered her with my cock. We started fucking -- slowly at first, but quickly speeding up.
From the corner of my eye, I saw Dad changing positions. "Lisa," he said, "if you like, I invite you to ride my penis."
I looked over to better see what was happening. I caught Lisa looking back -- I suppose to get an idea of what I thought about Dad's invitation. I nodded at her, although I wasn't sure if she picked up on it. I was in the midst of some fairly vigorous intercourse. After a brief pause, she got up on her knees and climbed on top of Dad. She straddled him, one leg raised up so that she could hold his cock at her entrance, and slowly sat down. As I fucked my mother, I watched my father's hard penis penetrate my little sister.
I looked down at Mom. She reached up and held my face in her hands. I grabbed her tit and squeezed while I pummeled her. I glanced back at Lisa and saw she had her arms outstretched, her fingers interlaced with Dad's, and was bouncing enthusiastically on his cock.
Mom looked at them approvingly. "David, you look so hot fucking our daughter like that."
I felt my orgasm building. My cock was hitting the end of Mom's tunnel. She still had her legs wrapped around me, and she pulled me in tight. Then her back arched as she moaned and came on my dick. I couldn't hold back. "Mom, I'm cumming!" I yelled as I shot my load into her cunt.
Dad was thrusting his cock up into his daughter. He watched us cum and promptly came in Lisa, who responded with her own gasping orgasm. I looked up and saw that we had attracted a crowd of over a dozen people, all watching our family fuck; some of them were masturbating.
I withdrew my penis from Mom and Lisa dismounted Dad. We lay on the blanket, Lisa with her head on my chest, Mom's head on Dad's thigh. Lisa turned her head and looked at me. "Did you mean it when you said you wanted to fuck me?"
"I did, but I've already cum four times today. I'm not sure I can do another one this soon."
Lisa looked at me, obviously thinking about something. "Four? I only count three."
"Well," I said sheepishly, "there was one in the shower this morning." Lisa rolled her eyes at me. "I couldn't help it! I was excited about today, and seeing how it's turning out, it looks like I was right!"
"I'd never seen Dad's dick before, let alone put it in me. It was weird, but sort of right. Did you enjoy fucking Mom?"
"I did, but I was thinking of you the entire time. I want you, Lisa." I bent down to kiss her,
I looked at my sister's naked body -- the curve of her hips, her firm breasts, and her tuft of fine blonde pussy hair -- and although I hadn't thought it was possible, I felt my overused cock start to stiffen.
"Greg," she said, suddenly nervous, "fucking Dad was one thing. It felt just plain naughty -- good, but naughty. If you and I make love, that's what it will be for me -- not simple fucking, but love. Are you sure we should do this?"
"I've never been more sure of anything."
She was at a ninety-degree angle to me, and I leaned over so I could reach her vagina. I ran my finger up the valley between her lips, ending up on her firm clit. I caressed her there, making small circles around it. She brought one of her hands down to meet mine, and together we masturbated her. Her other hand found one of her nipples and she held it between her fingers. I don't believe she pinched it; she only held it -- like a security blanket. She started breathing deep and fast, her pussy was leaking a mixture of its juices and Dad's cum out onto our blanket.
I started dipping my finger into her hole, then bringing it out to smear the leakage on her clit. I slid my finger in deep, then circled her clit, then into her canal again, and back out. All the while, my sister held her hand on mine, guiding me to where she felt the most pleasure. Her legs were spread wide and I felt her hips pivoting in time with my fingers exploring inside her. She arched her back and came, squirting on my hand and arm.
My cock didn't seem to mind that it had gotten a lot of exercise and had started leaking once again. Lisa spun around so her legs and pussy were facing me. She had her knees up and used her fingers to hold her labia open, exposing her pink vaginal canal. I crawled on top of her and kissed her passionately. The thought of fucking my sister gave my cock all the motivation it needed, and I found myself with a raging hard on. As I pushed my cock head into her cunt, Lisa let her lips close around my shaft, and she used her fingers to stroke my balls. We started fucking in earnest, my manhood plunging into her pussy.
She got up and flipped over on her hands and knees and looked back at me. It was then that I noticed that the crowd watching us had gotten larger. We must have had twenty people watching our family fuck. I looked at Dad and saw that he was eating Mom's pussy. I knew that meant he was slurping my cum from her. Dad was eating my cum. I was using his as lube.
I looked at Lisa, and at her waiting snatch. She didn't say a word but the grin on her face told me all I needed to know. I got on my knees behind my sister and sunk my dick back into her. I held her hips as I fucked her from behind, my hips slapping against her thighs. I felt her walls gripping my shaft, I heard her breathing quicken, I saw her head dropping down. She was pushing back against me on each thrust, and I felt her start to tremble. She moaned as she came. I got in a few more good thrusts before my cock exploded for the final time that day, spewing whatever semen I had left into my sister.
Dad had finished snacking on Mom's twat and had started fucking her. He had her legs over his shoulders and was driving into her hard. Each time he pushed in, Mom yelled. Dad kept speeding up, and Mom responded by yelling louder. Eventually they came together, collapsing in each other's arms. Several people in our audience were clapping; a couple others were cumming.
We spent the rest of the day enjoying the sun and surf. During our shared downtime, we talked a lot about our new family dynamic. We all agreed we had found something wonderful.
When we got home that evening, we all retired to our respective rooms. After stowing a few things, I just stood looking at my room-slash-walk-in closet.No, this isn't right at all.
I went across the hall, knocked on Lisa's door and let myself in. She was just starting to undress and was standing there with a bare top. She made no move to cover up.
"Lisa," I said, "you can keep your newly reorganized walk-in closet. I don't think I'll need it."
"Of course you will," she said dismissively. I froze, and felt my face twisting up in confusion. She finished undressing, then sauntered over to me. She smiled and hugged me, her naked breasts pressed against me. I knew then, of course, but I let her have her fun. She'd earned it.
With a kiss on my cheek, she officially let me off the hook. "Everybody needs a closet, after all," she said, "and I'm happy to share. Now come on - lets get you out of those clothes, big bro. Don't be shy. Nudity can besucha life-changing experience."
I blushed. "I didn't sound like that," I lamely insisted.
Lisa bit her lip and winked at me. "You did - little bit."
She kissed me again, then playfully tapped my ass. I tapped hers right back, but then did as I was told.
We were naked for the rest of the evening, though there wasn't much to tell of it - grabbing snacks, visiting the bathroom, chatting about nothing, and moving a few things of mine to where they more properly belonged. Exhausted as we were, though, we still managed to have a little bit of fun before drifting off to sleep - together, in our bedroom, in our bed.