I met my wife, Susan, five years ago in a night club in my local town. I was a bit worse for wear when I noticed a group of Asian women sat around a large table. I have always had a thing for oriental women and one in particular caught my eye, she was petite as many of these types of women are and her lips were full whilst her brown eyes sparkled. When she smiled she encouraged others to do the same.
I stood transfixed for a while just watching. She was 5' 0" in height, slim but her chest was larger than you would normally expect. Not massive but noticeable against her slender frame. She was wearing a jumper that hugged her curves and tight jeans that left little to imagine of the perfect frame underneath. She wore high heels that made her seem almost of average height and made her legs seem even longer.
I was smitten almost immediately and as the night wore on I finally had the chance to speak to her alone as she stood up the bar. I thought I was out of my depth but I knew I would regret more the not taking of an opportunity. As I spoke to her she seemed genuinely surprised that I had even noticed her. As is stereotypical, I was expecting almost broken English from her quiet voice which I struggled to hear over the loud music in the club, but she explained how she had been in England since she was a little girl.
Before long we were laughing and joking and the night soon passed us by. Before she left I asked for her number, we never even kissed that night but I was already infatuated.
I phoned her the following day, not caring if it was too soon. She was shocked I actually called and after a little persuading we met up again. After a year we had moved in together and finally we got married. Susan was naturally very quiet around strangers and even shy around my friends if things were said that might have been considered risqué. Whenever talk turned to a sexual nature she would go quiet and would offer little to the conversation even when teased by my friends and girlfriends. I knew some of my friends found my wife attractive as I was often told this after they had had a few drinks. Her demure exterior only heightened her desirability.
As with all marriages it had it ups and downs and the sex was good. My sex drive was higher than hers and I would have liked for things to be a bit more adventurous but Sue, whilst happy to discuss fantasies would never take it any further. We would often talk of our desires whilst making love. I would ask her to think about other women touching her and about how I would like to show her off to other men which she seemed to get off on. I slowly got her to talk about what she would like and she started to talk about having another man touching her as I watched. To my own surprise this turned me on also. We began discussing the men in her life who gave her attention and I would get her to tell me what she wanted them to do to her.
Such was my fascination with the idea I went out and bought a webcam for our computer. After work one day I led her upstairs to show her my purchase. She was confused as I explained to her that I wanted her to talk to other men online but rather than the reaction I was expecting she went ballistic telling me that our fantasies were just that and that she would never do such things in real life.
It was a blow to me and for a long time we never discussed it again and our sex life became slightly duller as I no longer felt comfortable discussing further fantasies in case I upset her.
Then about three months later we were in bed and suddenly Marie turned to me and asked,
"Why do you want me to talk to men on the internet?" I was shocked that she had broached the subject.
"I was been stupid; I thought you might like it too."
"But you are my husband. Am I not enough for you?" As she looked at me with her brown eyes wide open in confusion I just leant forward and kissed her full on the mouth. She was wearing a vest top with shorts and the tops of her breast were just visible over her vest. Her warm legs entwined around mine as she responded to the kiss. When we broke away she was just staring at me with the faintest smile across her face.
"Well?"
"Well what?" I realised I had my ideal woman was lying besides me and I didn't want to spoil that. "You know you turn me on."
"So why do you want me to talk to other men?" She wasn't letting me off the hook. So I decided just to be honest.
"I can't help it; the very idea turns me on."
"You like to think of other men talking dirty to me?"
"Yes." There I had said it and felt ashamed but at least she knew. She paused and stared at me then her hands slipped to my cock and she gave it a gentle squeeze.
"Would you like these men to see me undress?" My cock suddenly became harder and would it would have been obvious if I now lied.
"Yes," she squeezed it again as if to reward me and I could feel blood pumping through the veins increasing the hardness.
"What else do you want them to see?"
"I want you to touch yourself as they are watching."
I looked in her eyes as she was increasing the pumping action on my erection. Her nipples were clearly visible through her vest top. Her eyes closed as I let my hand explore her breast and then slid it between her legs. Her shorts were soaked and I had no problems easing two fingers inside her. She let out a moan as I brought my finger out before pressing them back in. I could feel her warm juices encasing my fingers.
"Tell me what else you want?" She panted between the motions of me thrusting my fingers deeper inside her.
"I want to watch you touching yourself and then I want you to suck my cock as I cum all over your face whilst the other guys watch you. I want to turn you over and take you up the arse as your tits are hanging in front of the camera so they can see your perfect breast as I am fucking you from behind." I was shocked at my own language. Never before had I spoken to Susan in such a way before but months and probably years of pent up frustration was been released. More to my surprise was Sue's reaction, who had somehow become even wetter before pushing me on my back and easing herself onto my firm cock. Her wet pussy allowed for my manhood to glide deep inside her and her warm, wet juices dribbled onto my stiff member. She was like a woman possessed as she pumped away building herself to a climax as she was now completely in control. I started to tell her about how other men wanted to see her breast, to touch her but in truth she did not need further encouragement. Soon she came but she didn't stop and then a few moments later she had cum again. I turned her around so I was now on top and she screamed as yet another orgasm was released and she shuddered. I keenly sucked on her nipples and before long I too was releasing myself deep inside her with the thoughts of these other men watching her still very fresh in my mind.
I finally rolled off exhausted and the bed was damp from the sweat and the juices of our intense lovemaking. With that no more was said.
It was about a week later on the Saturday that Sue came into the study where the computer was set up and said,
"So what is the site like?" Her matter-of-fact upfront attitude surprised me.
"Want me to show you?" I was still unsure where this would go and I knew one wrong step would see it end in a blazing row. Things had to be done at her speed as and when she was comfortable.
"I'm not going on the cam now," her steely resolve seemed to have returned and I thought again it was another opportunity missed.
"It's okay; you don't have to show yourself you can just chat if you want?"
"Really?" Then I saw it, she was suddenly interested again.
"Yes hold on." I quickly went onto the site and created a profile for us. As with many of these chat-sites I knew there were usually a lot more men than women and many of the women were men pretending to be women. So I made the profile to be more about Susan than myself.
"Do you want to upload a picture?" I asked innocently wondering just how far she would go with it for now.
"No."
"Only asking," then I hit enter and it was done and we were online.
Within minutes several windows had popped up requesting a chat. Susan just stood over my shoulder watching what was happening. I explained we were in the lobby of the chat room and that different rooms could be selected depending on the fantasy. She watched as more pop ups appeared. Most just saying hello, some just simply saying how they wanted to fuck her hard.
"Which one shall we talk to?" I asked. She seemed oblivious before shrugging.
"Anyone will do." A window appeared on the computer with just a hello message from someone using a screen name ofArthur109. I decided to reply;
Asianwife+hubby-Hi
A few seconds past when;
Arthur109 --Glad you got back, is this the wife or the hubby?
I nodded towards the keyboard for Susan but she wasn't showing too much interest though she did step closer when I did reply.
Asianwife+hubby --Hubby I'm afraid, although she is stood next to me.
I felt a blow to the arm as Susan gave me a small punch before mouthing her displeasure.
"You don't need to be quiet he can't hear you," I laughed. Susan just gave me another glare before pointing to the screen to let me know I had received another message.
Arthur109 --What does she look like?
Asianwife+hubby --She is 5 foot tall, slim and I think she is very hot.
I looked up and smiled to Susan who gave the briefest smile back before staring back at the screen. I was starting to type her breast size when she screamed towards me,
"What the hell are you doing?"
"What do you mean?"
"You can't type that?"
"Why not it's what he wants to know"
"No its not"
"Trust me it really is."
Arthur109 --What size tits does she have?
I glanced up to Susie with a smug expression but the way she glared at me I thought better of passing a comment.
Asianwife+hubby --36B
Arthur109 --Nice, what is she wearing?
Asianwife+hubby --A short black skirt, white blouse and black killer heels.
Susan looked confused so I explained to her how it would drive men wild thinking of her like that. She seemed unconvinced. However since she was in actual fact wearing a pair of ill fitting denim jeans and a baggy jumper I decided to use some artistic licence.
Arthur109 --Damn that is hot, what about underneath?
I looked at Susan who gave a sarcastic smile and flashed me her bra which was white, I nodded towards her panties and with an exaggerated sigh she showed be a pair of brown panties neither of which was very exciting.
Asianwife+hubby --A set of a black, lacy bra and knickers with hold up suspenders.
Arthur109 --Shit I am so hard right now. I wish I could talk to her.
"Come on, have a go," I said pleading to her. I was in complete agreement with Arthur109 as my boner pressed itself against my own jeans.
"No way, he sounds like a pervert." I laughed,
"Of course he is, so am I talking to him about you. So are you." Again I laughed but Susan just paused for thought. "Besides I have to go toilet so I can't keep on going for long." I stood up in order to emphasis my position and with reluctance Susan sat down.
Asianwife+hubby --Hi Arthur its Susan here. I understand you want to talk to me.
I freaked as I realised too late what she had done.
"What are you doing, don't give him your real name."
"Why not?"
"He is a pervert." This time Sue laughed,
"So are we, besides it's not like I'm going to give him our address."
"Just make sure you don't."
I left my wife to continue and soon she was exchanging a bit of flirty small talk and before long I could see her getting quite into it. I remained hard as their talk became sexual although Susie would often clamp up over certain issues or become embarrassed. To Arthur's credit he never became abusive when she would not answer or if she told him he was crossing a line. Rather cleverly I noticed he would manipulate my wife with other questions which eventually gave him the answer he sought anyway.
I decided to leave her alone as I was becoming increasingly horny but Susan was refusing to respond to any advancement I made just pushing my hands away as I tried to caress her breast.
I decided to go to the toilet to relieve my hard cock and then had a few minutes contemplation whilst sitting on the toilet. When I eventually came out Susan never looked up from the computer obviously engrossed in the conversation. I decided, as I was now relieved, to go downstairs to watch a bit of television.
"Mark, before you go down can I ask you something?"
"Sure hun."
"I am getting loads of request but they all keep asking me the same sort of questions and it's getting a pain writing the same stuff over and over."
"You don't have to respond to them all you know?"
"I know but is there a way I can answer them at the same time?" I gave it a little thought before I answered.
"You can either copy and paste some of your answers or you can create your own room, invite in whoever you want and answer the questions on screen rather than answering to each person individually. Just don't do it in the main screen or else everyone will see what you write." She looked at me as if to say I'm not stupid. "Do you want me to show you?"
"No you carry on downstairs, I'm sure I can do it." With that she stared hard at the screen trying to figure out how to create a room. I smiled to myself; there was my shy, reserved wife online with a bunch of strangers. Who knew I might be able to get her to tell me what she talked about later that evening in bed.
A couple of hours passed and I must have dozed off to some awful alien invasion film on TV. I could hear movement above and realised Susie must finally have gotten bored of her internet conversation. Aroused after my rest I decided to find out what information I could get out of her.
As I walked upstairs I could see the soft hue off the computer monitor lightly lighting up the small study. My wife was in the bedroom, unaware that I was now upstairs. I watched as she stood there in a little black thong and a matching bra whose transparency allowed one to see the merest outline of her hard, brown nipples. She was also wearing black, hold up stockings and she was preparing to put on her short black skirt, an outfit she usually reserved for her office job. Her blouse lay out across the bed and after putting on her skirt she pulled the blouse over her shoulders and buttoned it up, though not as far as I normally would expect, leaving plenty of cleavage on show. The black bra would never normally be worn with this blouse since it was quite sheer and left little to the imagination of what lay underneath. I let out a whistle and Susan jumped with surprise.
"Fuck me you look hot," I said unable to contain my excitement as I rushed behind her grabbing a handful of tit and resting my bulge against her arse.
"Well it's your fault?" she mocked.
"What do you mean?"
"Well they wanted to see me but because of what you told Arthur I had to get changed." I stopped the groping in order to process what my wife was telling me.
"What do you mean they want to see you?"
"Only on webcam, most are in the U.S.A. anyway so need to be silly." I was stunned,
"You are going on webcam?" It was a fantasy I had thought about for a few years but the reality was now taking hold. My wife looked at the concern across my face.
"Don't worry I'm not going to show them my face, they just wanted to see me and to make sure I wasn't a man," she laughed. I told them I had to go to the loo, so I need to get back. Why don't you come and watch it might be fun." With that she grabbed my cock and gave it a squeeze as she made her way back into the study leaving me with a swelling member.
As I followed her to the computer I could see she had indeed created her own room, simply named Susan's. In there were a dozen other names predominately with male icons and a couple that represented women although on this site I knew most of the women were simply men getting off on a female fantasy.
Asianwife+hubby --I'm back.
Want2fu --Thank fuck for that my 8" cock is straining hard thinking of you
Jizza --I've already cum twice thinking of you.
My wife simply smiled at the message. I was mesmerised as I watched her respond to each of these guys, some who were downright vulgar but she never flinched. She seemed to be enjoying the attention.
Jizza --Do we get to see you now?
Asianwife+hubby -Sure
She placed the camera so that her head was off screen but her body was visible. Then she allowed access to all those in the room. The response was immediate with everyone telling her how hot she looked, how they wanted to fuck her now, how they wanted to suck her tits and so on. Again she just took it all in her stride, smiling at some of the more lewd comments.
Want2fu --Can you stand up and show us your ass.
Without a thought Susan stood up, instinctively smoothed her skirt over her hips and turned around allowing the viewers a view of the arse that just moments before I was rested against. Once more the compliments come through. This time several of the men telling my wife how they would like to bend her over the desk and take her anally, something which I had never done with her myself and something she always insisted we would never do. For some reasons she was less repulsed by these comments than at any time I had suggested it.
I had to admit I was getting off on it and my own cock was rock hard watching my reserved wife behave in such a way. Then a name I was familiar with appeared on screen.
Arthur109 --Can you pull up your skirt so we can see your stockings?
My wife turned to look at me for the first time since re-entering the study, unsure what to do. I just looked at her with a reassuring smile,
"It's up to you, I don't mind." What I wanted to say was just do it but I knew she had to make her own decision and that way there was fewer comebacks on me. She hesitated then with one final glance at me she slowly pulled the skirt upwards. I watched in fascination as she pulled it up further revealing her shapely thighs until the tops of her stockings were barely visible. She stopped as she read the messages that were pinging up all over the screen. Men declaring their love for her, a so called woman saying she had two fingers up her pussy watching her. Then Jizza came back on screen, who to my mind seemed the crudest by far on here yet my wife seemed strangely drawn to him and answered anything he sent. This was not something that could not be said for the rest.
Jizza --Keep going up with the skirt
My wife straightened back up and started raising the skirt higher. I could not contain myself and started rubbing my own hard cock as it strained against the containment within my jeans. Her hitched skirt now offered a clear sight of her creamy thighs as well as her lacy panties which were also on show.
Jizza --Turn around
As commanded she did so allowing a perfect view of her arse cheeks with just thin strip of material of the black thong hiding only the smallest of detail. After completing a full 360 she returned to face the camera. Her sheer panties showed the strip of pubic hair barely hidden underneath. After a few more seconds she pulled down the skirt whilst trying to smooth some of the creases out and returning to her seat.
Wetbiatch --Do you have toys? I have a big dildo shoved up me after watching you.
I smiled to myself,
"Of course you have," I thought. I think Susie was of the same opinion as she never bothered replying. In fact I was surprised when she booted them. I wasn't aware she knew how.
"I hate that some people are so fake," she said almost to herself.
The room was again filled with messages now mainly about how they wanted to see her breast.
Hardfather --You might as well show us your bra, we can see it anyway through that blouse.
Susan turned to me with a look of indignation,
"They really are perverts, I think I have showed them enough already." I was already far beyond being just horny.
"To be fair he has a point." My wife's face spun towards me in complete shock as if the last few moments had not happened.
"Are you saying you want me to flash these guys?"
"I'm not saying anything, it's your choice." She was about to say something before closing her mouth and sat there quietly for a second. Then she re-evaluated me before smiling as her eyes came to rest on my bulging pants.
"Are you getting off on this?" She was laughing now. Unable to deny it I must have looked somewhat bashful.
"Maybe," again she laughed.
"You really don't mind?"
"As I said the choice is yours, besides they have no idea who you are." She paused again, as she read some of the other comments, most of which were calls to show her bra if they couldn't see her tits.
"If I do," she finally said "I am not showing my breast."
"The choice is yours baby."
Asianwife+hubby --Okay, but I am only showing my bra.
With that she started unbuttoning her top until the bra was fully visible beneath the undone blouse. She paused there as if questioning herself before removing the blouse altogether.
Jizza --Lean forward.
Without question she leant on the desk giving the viewers a clear view straight down her top. Then the inevitable calls for her to remove her bra but this time my wife held firm and sat back down. She picked up her blouse and put it back on but without buttoning it up.
Missionary Man --Come on bitch lets seem those lovely tits of yours.
In response to the comment Susie kicked him out of the room as well as blocking him.
Asianwife+hubby --Look people I think I am been more than fair, anyone who is impolite I will boot you.
The response was grovelling apologies from the men no doubt hoping for a further show.
Arthur109 --Who is there with you? I can see you are talking to somebody.
Asianwife+hubby --My hubby
Hardfather --Lucky bastard, lol
Arthur109 --Is he enjoying the show?
Asianwife+hubby --I think so.
Jizza --Is he hard?
Asianwife+hubby --Haha yes.
Hardfather --You should get him on screen, he don't need to be shy with us. We are all jealous.
My wife looked up to me, but I just shook my head.
"Come on," she pleaded. "This was your idea, besides you don't have to show your face. They have no idea who we are." She was using my own logic against me, plus I had to admit I was drawn to the idea of it. I positioned myself so my body could be seen standing next to my headless wife, bulge clearly visible in my jeans.
Hardfather --Yep he looks hard. You should give him some hand relief.
Susan laughed and playfully rubbed my cock forcing it to strain even harder.
Hardfather --I bet that feels so good.
Jizza --Susan you should get his cock out it looks painful in those jeans.
Before I had time to take in the message Susan was already unbuttoning my jeans.
"What are you doing?"
"Come on they can't see you, besides it does look tight down there." She smiled as she undid the button fly. The jeans fell away and then Susan eased her hand inside my boxers and slowly pulled my ever hardening cock.
Hardfather --Suck him
I watched fascinated as my wife's face came closer to my erection. Her tongue escaped from her mouth and slowly encircled the tip of my cock. I had received this sort of a treatment less than a handful of times since we had been married but suddenly my timid wife seemed to have obtained an experience I had never seen from her before. As her tongue explored my cock her head was now visible on camera. I wanted to warn her but my own selfish needs were now uppermost in my thoughts. My head went back with a moan as her tongue sought out the tip of my cock and I could feel her licking up the pre-cum that had already appeared sending what felt like an erotic electric shock through my senses. Then I felt her warm breath as her mouth enveloped my manhood.
She took the whole shaft in one hungry swoop and with a sucking motion continued until my balls touched her face. I could feel her gag reflex kick in and she released most of the shaft allowing her lips to caress the tip once more before again taking the whole length. She continued this motion slowly positioning herself on her knees in order to get some degree of comfort. On the screen I could see the back of her head in a steady rhythm as she eagerly worked my hard penis. She now used her hand to pump the cock as she eagerly licked it.
From where I stood I watched her hand and tongue explore my cock and from this viewpoint I could also see straight to her breast heaving inside the lacy material. I could see her erect, brown nipples obviously aroused. I reached down beneath the bra and caressed her tit before pulling it out to examine it better. I knew the guys on the screen were unable to see and windows popped up proving their disappointment.
With her nipple between my fingers her motion intensified and I knew I was close. She continued to ease my cock to the back of her throat, not quite far enough to gag now but each time she did I could feel that much closer to relief. She again used her hands bringing me ever closer to the brink then her mouth again touched my shaft and started to slide back up. I knew I was about to cum, my senses had gone hyper and my whole body was tingling as my primal urges kicked in. This slut in front of me was going to taste me. As she came up to her furthest point I grabbed her head further up. I sensed her panic and then her gag reflex kicking in. I didn't care, I wouldn't be long. My cock was further into her mouth than it had ever been before. I could feel the helmet at the back of her throat bursting with anticipation. Her brown, puffed breast was out just waiting to be sucked and my wife's head was firmly secured as I exploded with a loud shout. As I climaxed I released her head and she fell back coughing sperm out of her mouth. I could see it dribbling from the edges of her mouth and down her chin. At that moment she had never looked better.
I slowly let the situation set in. On the floor in front of me was my wife, hair dishevelled, wiping the residue from her face. She sat there cross legged; her skirt had ridden up to her stocking tops and her black lacy knickers and bra both clearly on show along with her breast. She looked like a slut and I was a happy man. Then I realised my wife was glaring at me, but then rather than the anger I was expecting she actually looked pleased.
"I think I need to clean up."
"You were incredible, you know that?" I have never been more in love with my wife more than that moment. She just smiled and disappeared into the bathroom. I went to the computer where there was several protest about the show they had or hadn't just witnessed. Before shutting down the computer I left one last message;
Asianwife+hubby --Until next time..