If you haven't read part 1, go back and check it out! It's short and quick, and sets up what happens next.
About a week went by, during which I couldn't stop thinking about what had happened and how exciting and amazing my experience had been. I was also having a few paranoid thoughts about what if she found out, or discovered what I had done, but I just chalked those up to simple paranoia and let it go. Her and I weren't exactly on social terms or friends, other than partying at some of the same off-campus houses and knowing a bunch of people in common, but I was sensing something different about her demeanor. Seeing her in class during the next several days I couldn't help but wonder what she was wearing and if there was any way possible that I'd have another shot at her room all by myself again. If so, would she notice if a pair of panties went missing? Would I hit the jackpot like I did last time? As luck would have it, we had another get together for our group project over at her dorm again and the wheels were turning already.
Our group got together again and met in the study room at her dorm. As we started working on our project I was trying to get a read on her and see if she was acting strange or not, but all seemed fairly normal. Then it happened, she 'forgot' a book we needed for the project, and she turned to me and asked if I'd be a sweetheart and run up to her room to grab it. One of the other group members even asked why she didn't just go grab it herself, but she said that she wanted to keep her train of thought and not get distracted. Jackpot!! She handed me her key again, and oddly it was one of those times where I thought I noticed her fingers lingered and touched my hand a little long, but I chalked that up to simply wishful thinking. I was already breathing harder and my heart rate was elevated as I slowly and casually walked out of the room, then booked it as fast as I could upstairs and locked her door behind me.
This was it! I was going to have a second chance to see if I could find a treasure again, then decide what I would do with them. I first found the book I came for and set that aside, then looked around and in the closet found her dirty clothes bin again, and it was nearly full! That meant I could for sure get lucky and find something, maybe even if there were enough dirty pairs of panties in there I could swipe one and she'd never notice. The yellow thong I had found last time was nowhere to be seen, the first sexy thing I came across was a satin bra, so I grabbed that to get a taste and smell of what her wonderful tits had been up against. I was already hard as a rock, I couldn't believe I was getting another go at this. I set that aside and started digging for some panties, and it didn't take long before I found another sexy thong, this time it was purple lace. It even had the same telltale signs that she had worn them, and I quickly dove in to have a smell then a taste. It was amazing, her scent was so strong on them, and it was absolutely intoxicating. I couldn't get enough, I quickly dropped my pants and started stroking, then had an idea. I looked quick for another pair and struck gold again, this time a sheer pair of panties that looked almost like a bikini or boyshort. These were super soft and slick, almost like a silk material. After getting in a few good sniffs I carefully wrapped them around my cock and started stroking with them, not believing that my cock was right up against the same material that was touching her ass and pussy. I held the other pair up to my face and inhaled her scent, I was in absolute ecstasy when it happened...
I heard a key entering the lock to her door and turning. What? I panicked, quickly threw the pair I had up to my face back down into the hamper, was about to scramble and pull my pants up, when Amy burst into the room and slammed the door behind her. "I knew it!" she yelled. I didn't know what to say, it was all happening so fast, I mumbled and stumbled over my words. "Wait, I can explain, I'm sorry, oh no, I'm so sorry" I said. She just stood there looking at me, it was a mixture of anger yet almost as though she was expecting this. She had this look as though she had set me up. I kept struggling to pull my pants back up, realizing that I was still hard as a rock and still holding the other pair of her panties in my hand. "Well well, what do we have here? What do you think you're doing you perv?" she said. "I knew something was up after I let you up here last time, you had been up here longer than you should have, and after I looked around I found the mess you left on those pants of mine." "I've noticed how you looked at me in the past, a girl can tell when a guy has a crush, but I had no idea you were such a perv to get yourself off with my panties."
As I continued to try and get dressed she made me stop. She said to leave my pants down, she wanted me to feel the embarrassment and to be exposed to her. I didn't know what to say. How was this going to play out? I had about a million thoughts running through my head about how fucked I was, how I was going to be outed and the whole campus (it was a small school) was going to know. I'd have to transfer schools, I'd have to see my friends, I couldn't stop thinking about my consequences, when she spoke and blew my mind. She said, "I think you're cute, I'm flattered that you've got this crush on me, and while I thought I was going to be mad and angry, I'm honestly feeling a bit curious about what you were doing and what thoughts were going through your head." Uh, what? Wait a second, what did she just say? I was dumbstruck, I didn't know what to say so I just stood there with my deflated cock still dripping precum, her panties still clenched in my hand. Finally she spoke up again, and said, "Well? Let's hear it, tell me what you were doing and what was going through your head as you played with yourself."
"I, I'm not, I don't know..." I stammered. I was at a total loss for words. Amy spoke up again right quick, "You have a choice, either you tell me what I asked, or word of what I caught you doing will spread like wildfire around campus. I want to hear why you're holding a pair of my panties, and from the looks of it you had a bra and another pair out as well." Well, I guess this was maybe my only way out, to swallow my pride and fess up to what I just had been caught doing. "Amy", I said, "I'm so sorry, I came up here last week to get that book and saw a pair of your panties, and I just don't know what came over me. Yes, I have a crush on you, I think you're super hot, when I saw your panties I just couldn't resist when I realized where they had been."
"Ok, and then what?" she said. I'm not sure what came over me, perhaps it was relief coupled with how incredibly horny and excited I had just been, so I decided to risk it. "I saw your yellow thong last week and I was up here alone so I grabbed it and wanted to feel it, knowing that it had just been up against your most private areas. I needed to know your scent, I wanted to know what it was like right up against you, so I did that. I was so horny in the moment that I pulled my cock out and masturbated, I didn't last long, and when I came it was super intense, unlike anything else I had experienced."
I guess that's what she wanted to hear. She went on to tell me that she had her suspicions so she set this up today, that she had a 2nd key since she didn't have a roommate, and she made up an excuse to come see if she'd catch me in the act, which she most certainly did. That's when she really blew my mind, she said, "You just said you didn't last long, well, we don't have a lot of time, I want to watch you get yourself off." No way, there's no way this is happening, it's like something out of a fantasy. "Excuse me" I said, "you really want to watch me, I don't know, I'm not sure." Then she reminded me of the position I was in and that essentially I had no choice.
I was so worked up, I was already hard as a rock again, so I gave in and said I'd go ahead. I started stroking and she stopped me, saying she wanted to see me using her panties again. And to make it quick, we had to get back to our group downstairs before they wondered what was going on. The quick part I wasn't worried about, I was already almost ready to finish when she busted into the room. I wrapped her panties back around my cock and started stroking again, realizing very quick that I wasn't going to last long at all. "I'm going to cum soon, do you have..." I trailed off. "I want you to go ahead and cum in those panties, they were already going into the wash anyways" she said.
That was all it took, I closed my eyes on felt my cock get even harder and bigger in my hand as I emptied my load all into her panties, some of it managing to drip out the side and onto my hand. It was an even more powerful orgasm than I had last time, I just stood there shuddering as I came down from the high. When I opened my eyes I could tell she was mesmerized. "I've never watched a guy jerk off before, that was really fun to watch, you really came a lot" she said. "Now clean up your mess, put my panties back in the hamper and get dressed, we need to get downstairs. I'm going to think about this for the next few days and figure out what you can do to make this up to me. We're not done here, you're mine. I think I'll start with having you do my laundry since you made a mess of it and seem to enjoy going through my things anyways, when I call you, you'd better drop what you're doing and come over"
What was I to do? I had no idea how this was going to play out, was she going to tell all and my worst nightmare would come true? Or would she keep quiet, but have this over me. At this point I was pretty sure I'd go to some great lengths to keep this quiet.