Worcester, MA, 1996
Richard Raintree, age eighteen and born Richard Marsden, peeked around the door jam into the bedroom of his eighteen year old sister, Renee. She was his stepsister really, the family now made up of his Mom, and her Dad, both on their second marriages. It was the only way really, they could look nothing like each other, and yet be born only a few days apart, Renee three days older than Richard.
Renee's mother was killed in an automobile accident when she was four, and Richard's father had had left the marriage before Richard was born. Ellen Marsden had refused to give him his father's name and kept her own for Richard. It was a tough time for all four of them, until the day Ellen and Ronald met.
When Ritchard's mother married Ronald Raintree, she'd decided her dream for a caring and honorable husband had come true and assumed her husband's name for both her and her son. Ritchie, the household name for the "cute little guy," Ronald and daughter Renee welcomed into their lives, was loved and nurtured on the surface like any other son. It was Ritchie who assumed something was amiss. He couldn't put his finger on it, but he noticed his big "sister" and he had somewhat of a different relationship than similar pairs at school. Most of course had siblings, but few if any shared his and Renee's closeness in age. And most it seemed, we're more at each other's throats than quiet and friendly toward each other.
Renee was a kind of big sister at times, having matured like most girls at a faster rate than their male counterparts, and a bit of a surrogate parent when parents left them alone. She was too much more mature to become a "buddy", and yet too young to be respected by her stepbrother like an adult. He felt she was too into other boys and grown up things to take her into his confidence. In earlier years she had even babysat and looked after him as if he were the neighbor's kid, not her brother.
While he was for many years too young to understand that the added convenience of a built in baby sitter enabled both Ellen and Ronald to more actively pursue their careers, leaving them out of the home during most business hours and on many occasions of after hours business entertainment.
Not surprisingly, it was from this environment, not forced but certainly encouraged, that his early independence grew as well. His intelligence had already begun to set him apart from others at school, for he seemed to be doing everything a year or two ahead of the class. And now he wondered, in their senior year, if he was doing this ahead of his friends at school too. Surely they must spy on each other like he was, watching his unsuspecting sister in her room.
Richard might have been immature in the social aspects of life compared to his stepsister, but he was way ahead of the masses when it came to the application of his intelligence. He had his room, and his share of the basement where he maintained his "shop." He had his interests, and they carried him well beyond the usual experimentation of most kids his age. Already he was playing with robotics and electronics in ways most college students in their fourth year of engineering would find both fascinating and beyond their understanding. For Richard was a genius.
And yet, as he peered through the door to Renee's room, and watched her reflection in the mirror over her dresser, he realized he was also a voyeur on life, a tag-along, or an outsider with no real roots, and no respected goals. He was simply there to watch, an observer of all, and partner to none. He felt a stirring between his legs, the same thing he felt at night when he was alone in his room.
Renee felt suddenly alone. Not only had her "date" for tonight called to cancel, some lie about an obligation at home, but her girl friend had suddenly gotten an offer and was now the one giggling and preparing to go out on this Friday night. She wondered only for a second if the two incidents were related, but wrote the idea off. No one had that kind of balls.
She examined herself in the mirror as she stripped down to her bra and panties, tossing her blouse and skirt on the bed to save them for another occasion. For the life of her, she could not figure out why she had trouble keeping boys. She was "stacked," as many guys had told her on their first date. She was quite pretty, as her Father had told her all her life. And she was smart, a trait both she and her brother shared, though only he had pursued.
Her breast size was a healthy 36D, though she was prouder of that earlier than of late. It didn't seem to help, despite what the boys said and tried to do, and the two hefty melons were often in the way. When she ran to keep her lovely figure, she had to wear the heaviest of sports bras. When she purchased lingerie, she had to frequent only stores with her particular size and required strength. Every time she leaned over a counter to talk to someone, she lost their eye contact as their eyes flew down her cleavage. The damn things were just a nuisance, except of course when they were handled correctly.
Renee brought her hands up under them now, and supported them, relieving the weight from the thin shoulder straps. The relief on her shoulders felt good, and the gentle touch of her hands on her breasts felt warm and pleasurable. She slipped her middle finger in front of and up each breast to touch her nipples through the fabric of the bra. Her eyes rolled back and she sighed deeply with her touch, her nipples comfortably hardening and the sensation shooting down to her loins. If she had a choice, she decided once again, she would keep the troublesome appendages for their sensuality value, for she loved to play with her tits.
Ritchie smiled as his big sister played with herself. He'd always looked at her as his "big" sister, for she was the one with the common sense, the adult behavior, and the ear of their parents. All through their youth, from age six when they'd been joined to the same family, she had been the one in charge, the one with the mission, the one who lead. Ritchie never contested her command either, happy to have the latitude to do almost what he wanted when their parents weren't around.
He watched her looking in the mirror, so interested in her own image that she completely ignored his own sliver of refection. She was standing only three feet from him, standing directly in front of her floor length mirror. The angles made it easy for him to see her. At the edge of the mirror, he could also see the crack in the doorway he was looking through. This obviously meant that if she wanted to, she could see him as well. He felt that familiar stirring in his pajama bottoms and his toes curled as he watched. She was a magnificent vision. Once she stepped aside, right in front of his view, her big ass cheeks bulging out against her panties, and her hair flowing down her back.
Ritchie reached down and cupped his crotch in his hand and began rubbing it up and down. The last time he'd done this, a few nights before, he'd also had visions of his sister in his mind, visions of lustful things that she was doing to herself, but also visions of even better things he would arrange for her.
As he rubbed himself again, he watched his sister slip a hand down her panties and perform a similar rubbing on herself. The two of them stood like that, massaging their loins for several minutes, until Ritchie heard his parents arriving home.
He cursed under his breath at the interruption, a noise he suddenly realized his sister must have heard. Not quite sure, he thought he saw her look directly at his reflection as he pulled his hand free and ran back to his room.
Renee turned her smile back to her mirror when she heard the door slam across the hall. She'd seen him at her own door just at she'd heard her parents announce they were home. Her "little" brother had been peeping again, maybe even fondling himself as she was disrobing and admiring her form. The thought aroused her, prompted her to let her hands fall down between her legs and draw themselves slowly up the insides of her thighs and pause on the mound of her dampening panties.
"Renee? I thought you were going out tonight" Ellen Marsden Raintree said casually as she entered her daughter's open door.
Ellen had withdrawn her hands and resumed changing to more casual clothes. As her mother entered, she picked up the jeans and slipped them on, before adding her favorite soft sweatshirt, the neck seam deliberately torn out of it. "So did I Mom," She said with a touch of sadness, "Guess a second date with anyone is just not in the cards."
Her mother felt sorry for her. She knew what dating was all about. She knew how hard it was to find a decent guy. Since she too had a large pair of breasts, she also knew how absolutely frustrating it could be to have so many men try to possess her, and yet so few if any come back. The wrong boys as well as prospective mates would all congregate around the aura of her long hair and large breasts, and it would be up to Renee alone to somehow learn how to tell them apart and keep the right ones. "Oh, poor baby. I'm so sorry. I know you were looking forward to this too." She put an arm over her stepdaughter's shoulder.
Ritchie got into bed and continued to rub his groin. He lay like that for some time, enjoying the soothing sensations on his shaft, and dreaming of his forbidden lust. The vision of his sister in her bra and panties, her hands feeling herself up, was too hot to put down. He reached inside his pajamas, under the cover of the sheet and blanket on his bed, and began to pump his meat. He was about to feel that strange but wonderful feeling of ultimate satisfaction again, when a soft voice suddenly said, "Miss me?"
The boy's eyes went wide and bulged up at the ceiling. That could only be the voice of his sister, and she HAD to be in his room! Freezing everything else, he looked at the door and saw Renee standing there in her sweatshirt and jeans, leaning against the jam. She smiled at him.
Ritchie was too stunned to say much. He tried with, "What… Uh… How…?"
Renee laughed and said, "Yes to all." She laughed now, and stepped into the room, closing the door behind her. When she sat on the edge of Ritchie's bed, he let go of his manhood and moved away under the covers as if she had the plague.
"Ohhhh," She purred, "I'm not gonna hurt you, or tell anyone. Don't worry. I'm your big sister, remember?" She looked around the room as if to give the "kid" in her stepbrother some time to collect himself. As she looked around, she saw a lot of the things one might expect to see in a boy's room, models, trains, and the like, but she also saw things that didn't make any sense to her at all. Little arms were reaching up from stands that seemed to have no purpose. A lifelike human eye in an egg-like container follower her movement as she leaned first to one side and then to the other. It was eerie and she looked away, back at her brother.
She placed a hand on the blanket, right where she thought the little pecker of her little stepbrother would be. She landed it exactly and felt the hardened shaft of it, much larger than she had anticipated, maybe six or seven inches long, and blushed. Looking him directly in the eyes, she asked, "Do you know what masturbation is, Ritchie?"
He was frozen in place, loving her touch, but afraid as hell of telling her that. "Duh, I think so." He'd never been able to lie to her, or anyone for that matter, but a little sarcasm helped him add some expression. He always seemed to know when someone was lying to him however, and it made him feel dirty for them. He was not able to live with the thought of that dirt on himself. He'd seen how his mother dealt with it and perhaps that is where the skill came from.
She curled her fingers to clutch the blanket and sheet around his prick, "It's when you do something like this." She pumped his cock a few times, "To yourself." She pumped a few more times and saw him shake with an orgasm. At first she didn't know what to say. She hadn't intended to really masturbate her little brother! She was just teasing him, while helping out in the education department a bit. Pulling her hand away, she quickly said, "I'm… I'm sorry Ritchie." She waited for his reaction before saying anything else.
Ritchie gathered his thoughts. Though he was quite surprised, and just a bit embarrassed at yet another spurt of jiz from his pecker, he didn't want to embarrass his big stepsister and discourage her from ever coming back. Quickly he rushed to say, "It's ok, Renee. It didn't hurt. Really! I, uh, liked it." His sheepish look consoled her.
"Oh, well, good." She hesitated, then relaxed slightly and added, "I am glad you don't mind. You don't, do you?" Renee looked at him, and then noticed the stain coming through the bed clothes. "Well, anyway, that's masturbation. But something tells me you already knew that, no?" She let the question sink in while she looked again at the stain. "You say my doing that, uh, didn't bother you?"
He managed a smile and muttered, "Yes. I mean, no. I mean, I liked you doing it, Renee." He waited an awkward moment, then plunged further with, "I did see you playing with your, uh, things too, and then shoving a hand in your, uh, underwear." He nodded alternately at her breasts and crotch.
She almost laughed at his innocence and said, "My tits, Ritchie. These are my tits." She held them up with her hands for him, bulging her sweatshirt in the process. "And this, down here, is my pussy. We're different sweetheart, but we probably get the same feelings." She though for a minute and said, "Daddy hasn't talked to you about any of this yet, has he?"
The boy in him felt better now that they were involved in a real conversation. "No, was he supposed to?"
She laughed again and said, "Yes! It's his duty! But knowing him, he won't. Poor Ritchie."
"Awwwe, that's not fair," He was mockingly upset at being deprived by his stepfather.
She put a hand on his arm and said, "Tell you what. I'll tell you all about it," She looked around his room again, "And you can build meeee…, one of your robots! Something so I don't have to put up with all the shit I get from men!" She was kidding of course, but thought the idea was a good one, all the same.
Ritchie truly thought on the proposal. How was he going to build a man? There was no way! Unless…
She looked at him and recognized his deep thought mode instantly. "Hey! I'm kidding! I'll teach you about the bird's and the bee's, but I was kidding about the robot. Wow! Are you really thinking about that?" She was second guessing herself due to the variety and sophistication of creations in his room. She always had to remember her little brother's penchant for facts and openness.
"Oh," He simply said, wondering what that meant to his part of the bargain. He decided to try to help anyway, "So, what would you want this robot man to do, Renee?"
She looked back at him and laughed, but then looked back again with a more serious expression. Her brother was simply sitting there with a serious expression. "Are you kidding? You could…"
He interrupted her again and repeated, "What would you want this robot to do for you?"
She decided to play along, but kept her answers serious, just in case. "Well… wait." She got up from the bed and disappeared out the door in a rush. Ritchie took the time to lift the covers and look at what kind of mess he'd made. He was totally wet. He quickly grabbed a couple tissues from the box on his night table and began to clean himself up. He was working feverishily, his head poking under the covers when he heard, "What's the matter?"
His sister was chuckling, and holding a red, clear plastic "thing" in her hand. When he said nothing, she boldly lifted the covers, and saw his cum stained pajamas. She chuckled again and said, "It's nothing to worry about little brother." After a moment's hesitation, she looked again at the pajamas, and reached her hand down to his waist band. Before lifting it, she looked at her brother and asked, "Ok?"
He didn't know what to say. This was all so new to him, and yet not unlike a lot of his most private fantasies. He said, "Sure."
Renee hadn't seen her little brother's dick in a number of years. A lot had taken place since then! He was growing into a real man, not exceptionally huge, but not small either, and still hard! She resisted the temptation to touch him further, dropping his drawers and the covers. "You are fine, Ritchie. Just wash it off. In the future, you might do that near the toilet, or have a tissue handy." She sighed and looked away to relieve herself of the warmth growing between her thighs.
Ritchie sighed too, relieved he needn't be embarrased. His attention went back to the "thing" his sister was holding, his curiosity running wild. He reached out for it, then waited while he looked at his sister for an "Ok." When she nodded and held the dildo up for him, he took it in his hand.
Quickly, he sat up in bed, switched the dong from one hand to the other, looked the device up and down and longitudinally, and squeezed softly and then pinched it hard.
Renee was tickled to see him flinch slightly when he pinched it, empathizing automatically with the poor thing. What impressed her though, was his detailed observations and subsequent descriptions. He was rambling off a list of ingredients that he thought were used to make the stiff gelled instrument and suddenly got out of bed and walked to his dresser. Pulling out a large figurine, something like a Batman, he walked back to the bed and handed the toy to his sister.
She looked at it, felt it and twisted the arms and legs and then bunched it up in her fist and noticed it somewhat retained the shape she gave it. She looked at her brother and said, "So?"
He looked at her as if she must be kidding and said, "Same stuff."
Renee was still confused. The figurine twisted and held different shapes. Her dildo never changed. "How can it be the same stuff?" She asked.
"I have wire in mine. That's the only difference. Oh, and yours has clear plastic, while mine has coloring." He held up the dildo, looked at it some more, and said, "This is pretty simple Sis, kind of like just making an arm?" He looked at his sister to find out what was so special about this toy that looked like his prick. "You want to build a whole man out of this?"
Renee didn't know whether to laugh, or pick her brother's brain. His sincerity and apparent expert observations, led her to lean toward the latter. "No, silly. Actually, this is about the only good part a man has!" She couldn't help but laugh.
Her brother looked at her, then down at his lap, and back at the device. There was a blank look on his face when he looked again at his sister.
She decided to confide in him, having gone this far. "This is a dildo, Ritchie. Does it look familiar?" She held it in front of his face.
He looked at the device again and said calmly, "Yes. It's a… well… what did you call it?"
She was getting just a bit frustrated, but continued. "A dildo!" She looked around to see that the door was secure. Otherwise, her prudish stepfather would be in there in a heartbeat. "Yes, it's modeled after a man's… dick."
Ritchie was both amazed at the intimacy of their conversation, but also being able to tie the word he'd heard bantered about by the guys at school with its true meaning, to his sister's voice. He looked up at his her and asked, "Ok, but what do you do with it? I thought only guys had these things."
She wanted to scream and laugh at the same time. "That's the whole problem! Women want 'em, and men have 'em!" She lowered her voice again. "Men and women, Ritchie, don't just make babies by sticking these things into here," She pointed to her own lap. She wondered if he could really be this naïve. "They also do this for fun, for uh, enjoyment, kind of like what you did watching me, but even better."
Ritchie sat back and digested what she had been saying as if there was a big piece of the puzzle missing, for it still didn't make sense. "You mean, if you had my uh, dick, in your lap, you would get, um, enjoyment?"
She was enjoying this as much as he was! They were simply playing the roles! Her brother wouldn't lie, but he would play along. From the natural hesitancy to talk about sex with her younger brother, she'd now gone to waiting on his next line of innocence. "Yes, Baby, but more than just laying it in my lap. It has to go IN here." She motioned with her finger, pointing it back at her groin from a couple feet out.
Ritchie still acted as if he didn't get it. He scratched his right eyebrow, something he'd done since he was old enough to think. The gesture was a very familiar one to Renee and she smiled at his mind apparently working overtime.
She decided to take a chance, and just how far this could go. Walking over to his door, she twisted the handle's lock and walked back to the chair at his desk. She then turned it toward the bed, and sat in it facing Ritchie. She remained there for a moment, building up enough nerve to do this.
As Ritchie watched, his sister undid the button and zipper of her jeans and stood up to let them down to her ankles. She sat down again in only her panties. "These are my panties, Ritchie, not my underwear, if you want to sound informed." She looked at his face for some sign of acknowledgement.
Her brother nodded. She was talking his language. Renee looked again at the door, and then took the dildo and slipped it into her mouth. Ritchie, much to her surprise, reached up and pulled it from her hands and stuffed it into his mouth before she could react. Deciding to let him go for a minute, she said, "That's called lubrication, Ritchie. You are lubing it up, so it fits easily inside me, and doesn't hurt me."
His eyes bulged when he heard her say "inside me." He was sucking on this rubber, tasteless model of a dick, and she was going to stick it not in her lap, but inside her hot aromatic pussy. He stopped at the thought, her scent in his nostrils, and the dick several inches inside his mouth.
Reaching out carefully, Renee pulled his hand free and the dildo from his mouth. While he watched most intently, she brought it near her panties, used her other hand to pull the fabric to one side, and inserted the gelled dick in her body. Ritchie was awestruck. His jaw dropped, his mouth formed an "O," and he inhaled deeply and held it, experiencing yet another new sensation as he did so – the scent of his sister intoxicating him while he watched the dildo penetrate her swollen lips.
Once the device was about half its length into her, she let her own mouth open slightly, apparently savoring the sensations, and looked at him. She couldn't help but break out laughing at his pose. Not only was his mouth and face in such a state of awe, he had his fist in his lap, with the fingers opened as if he had his own dick in his hand.
Ritchie didn't even hear her laugh at first, so enthralled with the demonstration. He did grab his dick now, and move his hand up and down minutely, by some kind of primal reflex, as he studied his sister's crotch, the slit her panties hid, and the dildo that had some how parted the lips around it, and entered his sister's body. Finally, he broke his stare, and looked up at his sister's face.
"Does.. that.. feel good?" He asked in halting breaths.
"Ohhhhhh yes, Baby. It feels very good." She smiled at him, and started to move the dildo in and out of her pussy a half inch at a time. As she did this, she saw his hand move up and down in his lap similarly. The connection was not so hard for her to make, but she could not see how her little brother had picked up the motion so quickly. He'd obviously never even seen a real pussy before.
"Renee?" He continued to masturbate his still hardened cock.
"Yes, little brother?" She responded, getting into the dildo slipping in and out of her snatch.
"Could I do that?" He was already reaching his hand out toward her groin before she answered.
This was going way beyond her intentions. She'd never even had a nasty thought about her little stepbrother and here she was showing him how a woman fucks herself with a dildo, and considering letting him do it for her. This was incest! Wasn't it?
"Please?"
She tried to justify her desire, and what she was doing or thinking of letting him do, by telling herself she'd never let him fuck her. Was it incest if he simply moved the dildo around a little? And another thing, she said to her conscience, "He's not my REAL brother." She answered her own incest question with a tentative "No," and decided to give in, but just this far. God! She was so hot!
Ritchie saw her hand drop from the dildo and he replaced it with his own. At first, he didn't move it at all. He took a moment to reposition himself on the bed so his legs were hanging over, between hers and nearly touching her chair. Then he leaned right down close to her crotch and moved the dildo in about an inch.
Two things caught his attention immediately. There was a much stronger aroma coming from his sister's "hole" for lack of a better word, and her body spasmed instantly with his movement of the dildo. He sat back straight, and looked at his sister with a kind of surprised expression. But he didn't let go.
She looked back at her little brother, waited for what seemed like a full minute, then asked, "What?"
He said, "You are a robot!"
She asked her question again, but with different inflection, "What?!"
He moved the dildo in her pussy and she jerked once more. "See? You are a robot. Action, reaction. I want you to move, I move the control." His use of technological terms was all at once confusing to Renee. The innocent young boy before her was turning her on. The young man before her was espousing technical language. While the one was giving her delicious pleasure, the other was analyzing her actions for future reference, just as a scientist might do.
She abruptly withdrew her chair several feet from his bed. When she stopped, realizing immediately the pleasurable device was no longer in her sopping pussy, her eyes found it still in his hand, held right where it had been a minute before. Renee looked up at him, her mouth still slightly agape.
"No! Sis! Wait!" He didn't leave the bed, but he did plead. "I won't touch you, if you don't want. Promise. Just don't leave now." He waved the dildo as though he'd forgotten it was in his hand.
She looked at him pleading. The moment was lost, her desire having washed away in a flood of guilt.
"I can make a better, uh, dildo?" He smiled at her, holding the device up in front of his face. There was no way to hide his intensified olfactory interest in the device with its proximity to his nose. His eyes focused on it, his mouth opened, and he allowed himself to sniff the tip. Then he licked it, with his eyes closed.
Renee was torn between her guilt, and wanting to ravage her brother's body. She didn't know whether to jump him in bed, or panic and run. The fog in her mind cleared only enough for her to respond mechanically to his question, "A better one?"
He sat up straighter. "Yes, I can Renee. Listen…" He went on to discuss his thoughts and he asked her more questions. His hardon never left him, but its insistence on being number one priority subsided, and his mind took over with thoughts more akin to angles and directions and materials. His interest in creating something new, meeting a challenge with immediate implications if he were successful, seemed to hold more attraction for him than pursuing the sexual motivations still coursing, though albeit casually, through his veins.
Raintree Rampage, Inc., New York, NY, 2002 (Twelve years later)
The offices of Raintree Rampage in a Tribeca loft, were non-descript on the outside, accessed by a plain, heavy wood door. There were no markings other than the address in small black letters below a camera overhead. A wide, carpeted stairway led to a small landing with another door, and another camera. Inside the door was a library styled reception area with a single overstuffed chair, a sizable flat panel display screen on the facing wall, and all other wall space occupied by shelves of books, some of them rare and all of them classical literature. One wall was devoted to literature, fact and fiction, written over the years and focused on the study and art of sex. A first time visitor would seldom realize that they could see no doorway out, not even the one through which they had just entered. All were hidden for the expressed purpose of leaving the past behind, and the future unknown.
The clientele of the company were mostly elite, many of them performers, several politicians and all of them rich if nothing else. They were also more subdued when comparing them to some of the more outrageous ego's and personalities of the their respective genre. The President and Chairman of Raintree Rampage had no use for disingenuous people, the self-centered especially irking him. Yet, Raintree's two owners were not averse to the naturally aware, the stars and notable people who realized they were stars and notables, but who carried the status with responsibility and poise. This was not a place for the outrageous, but it was a place for the esteemed to be catered to.
Renee Raintree, now 30 and looking as beautiful as she ever would, she supposed, managed the clientele. She did not hide the fact that she was a beautiful woman now, the teenage edges removed and replaced with gentler curves and some bodily transitions. Occasionally a client would attempt to approach her, an act that if not withdrawn on the first gentle warning would preclude a return visit to Raintree, a cost much to high for the clientele to consider. Renee had only one interest in an intimate way, and it was not in one of Raintree's clients.
Her earlier experiences as a nurse had taught her to work effectively with patients, keep them smiling while keeping them on track. She had designed the library setting herself. Her intent was to put people at ease, to let them relax in the big chair and leave their everyday life behind. She would watch each "client" as they sat in her specially selected chair, gauge their attitude at that moment by how fast they looked around, whether they fidgeted or simply fell asleep from exhaustion. Sensors in the chair assisted her with such basic readouts as heartbeat, body temp and weight. Charts were kept on each to give her and her stepbrother Richard important information with which to temper their respective treatments.
After several minutes of quiet, the client would be greeted in the display panel with a digitally recorded video of a sunset over a quiet sea beyond the beach in the foreground. There was audio surrounding the viewer in such a way as to transport them to that very beach and dip their feet in the wavelets lapping at the sandy shore. This served well to prepare a client for what they were about to experience. Their everyday concerns, however big or small, were quickly overtaken by the solitude and a sense of safety unmatched by anything but what it must be like to be back in the womb.
Most would wonder at the scene and whether it was a live, or taped viewing. Those who got beyond that might begin to count the variety of shells visible in the foreground at the bottom of the screen. No matter what the individual was doing, they were totally absorbed in that pastime and unaware the rest of the world existed when another hidden door to their right opened and a very pretty woman beckoned them inside with a warm smile and conspiratorial batting of her eyes.
Renee was wearing a tight, short, black leather skirt this day. He breasts were quite visible above a "V" shaped line drawn by her wrapped on silk blouse. It passed from one shoulder, down nearly to her navel, around her back, around front again and back up to the other shoulder. Though her "client" couldn't see, she was also wearing a small device between her legs that would alternately stimulate the lips of her pussy and the area between there and her asshole as she walked. The longer the steps she took, the more it stimulated her. Richard wanted her to wear this while working with clients for it kept her steps smaller and her breasts bouncing perfectly. She smiled at the thought of her little brother, and that day a dozen years before when she'd first discovered his penchant for mechanical sex.
Home of Mr. & Mrs. Ronald Raintree, Worcester, MA, 1996
After they'd finished with all the different movements the boy could think of on that magical night, and he'd asked her every question he had, he had retreated to his shop in the basement for several weeks, emerging only for family functions and school. More than six weeks later, when their parents had left the two of them alone for the weekend, Renee received the rest of her education in the interests, skills and determination of her "little" stepbrother.
Renee had just gotten home from a basketball game on that Friday night. Her "date" had gotten drunk, and puked his guts out under the stands, causing more than a little turbulence among the teachers and parents that were in attendance. The kids at school just laughed and the guy's credentials at the school, having not gotten caught, went higher still. His credentials with Renee however, went down the toilet. She left him at the game and made her way home with a friend.
Entering the front door, she breathed a sigh of relief and let it close behind her. The living room light was still on, but her stepbrother was nowhere to be seen. It was late, after eleven, so he would surely be asleep. He was always up first and playing with his inventions. As she picked her shoes off between steps toward the stairs, she heard a noise and realized he must still be awake after all.
Renee smiled to herself, allowing only for a moment the thought of something nice about to happen. Since the incident in his bedroom less than two months before, she had not met sexually with him at all, still feeling quite guilty that she'd let their last meeting get as far as it did. But she had to admit, she was intrigued by his very analytical interest in pleasing her body.
Entering the basement, she turned toward the walled off shop he'd built for himself as his "Skunk Works," as the sign on the door read. Just as she was about to twist the door handle and let herself in, the door opened and the two of them jumped in fright at the unexpected sight of each other.
"Whoa! Sis! How did you know I was coming to see you?" He was holding a cardboard box in his hand, about six inches on a side, and a foot long.
She collected her nerves and answered, "I didn't honey. I just came home and was looking for you. What do you have there?"
He looked at the box, then down at the floor, somewhat sheepishly. He was blushing too. "Uh, well, it's something for you." He handed the box to her.
She took it in one hand, and roughed his short hair with the other. "A present for me, Richard? But…"
He said, "But you asked for it. It's a robot, for you, so you don't have to put up with all the, uh, shit from men." He bowed his head again at what might come of all this.
She looked at the box, and back at her "little" brother. Smiling, she asked, "Little small for a man, don't you think?"
He smiled and said, "I thought so. I made it scalable."
Now she was intrigued. Realizing there was no one else home, or likely to be until late the following night, she shook the box but heard nothing. It was not heavy, but it there was substance to it. "May I open it?" She asked.
"Here?" Ritchie asked back.
Renee looked around the room and asked, "Why not? We're alone, aren't we?" She looked over his shoulder as if looking to see if there was anyone else in the shop.
"Well yeah, sure. Go ahead, open it." He said. He seemed anxious to see her reaction to the contents, so she applied her fingernail to the tape holding the end of the box and reached in to pull a bubble wrapped item out. It too was taped and she asked Ritchie, "Why did you go to all this trouble?" She began to unroll the item.
Ritchie tried to talk while he watched, "Uh, well, I wanted to wrap it with nice paper too, but you sorta interrupted me before I could." He was watching intently as she unveiled the item in the bubble wrap. How sweet, she thought.
Holding the device higher, raising it closer to her head and looking at it intently, she was amazed to see that her "little" brother had built a sizable dildo, with a small contoured base, and straps coming from it. "A dildo, Ritchie? You made this?" She admired the "veiny" contours on its surface, the perfect helmet of its head, and the lovely balls literally hanging off the end, unlike she'd ever seen on a commercially available dildo. These moved! In a very lifelike sack.
She looked at him a couple times during her examination of the phallic device, and he was obviously waiting her approval. Something was different about this dildo. She couldn't put her finger on it. There must be some kind of mechanism in the base, for it was larger than any she had seen. The base was obviously meant to fit the contours of her groin. The balls, she flicked them with her finger and smiled as she envisioned them swinging up against her crotch, were normal size, yet looked bigger somehow. The texture of the shaft, as she felt it in her hand, was also different, more pliable than any dildo she'd ever touched, almost real!
"My God, Ritchie! You built this? How… but... WOW!" She was handling the device in both hands now, inspecting every millimeter of it.
Ritchie beamed at her approval, "Wait! You really have to try it first, Sis!" He took the device from her and nodded with his head at her skirt, and used his free hand to motion that she should raise it up.
His absolutely clinical yet childish enthusiasm as exemplified by his hurried motioning to her to lift her skirt and bare her pubes without blinking an eye was too cute for her not to obey. She looked around and found a chair and stepped in front of it. With her fingers pulling the hem of her skirt up, then her thumbs pushing her panties down to her ankles, she sat on the edge of the moderately comfortable chair.
Ritchie didn't blink an eye as she did so, and handed her the device. She looked at it, back at her brother, and then began to drag it over her slickening pussy lips. Once she felt it was ready, and scooting forward so she sat on the back of her ass, she slid the dong up her cunt and didn't stop until she felt those delectable balls flop up against her crack. The dildo fit perfectly, contoured correctly up her chute, and just the right angles and diameters at each depth of its penetration. She looked up at her little brother and said, "Terrific, Ritchie! It's really nice!" She sat back in the chair, remembering how he liked to move her own dildo for her last time. She began to fasten the straps around her waist, assuming they were there to hold the device home so she could move around with it inside her. She was about to say something about this, but when she looked up, Ritchie had walked away, back toward his shop.
"Don't move, Sis, not an inch," He said as he walked. As Ritchie disappeared around the corner of his shop, suddenly Renee felt something moving inside her. It was the dildo! It was growing, no, rippling? Like a wave insider her? She was sure the damn thing had just sent a ripple up its length, of some noticeable girth greater than its diameter, and back down again. Yet there was no sensation of friction, only touch, pressure, a whole new stimulation. Just as she was about to call out and ask what had happened, she felt a different movement. The dildo bent, and rotated its head around deep within her vagina, like a deeply penetrating finger, but no finger she'd ever seen could rotate three hundred and sixty degrees! At one point it crossed her G-spot and brought a jerk to her body.
"Ritchie! What's happening? What are you doing to me?" Her body was near convulsions already, the device now adding the rippling motion to the rotating motion, driving her womb and her entire body to heights she hadn't known before. "Ritchie!!!!"
The young, self-proclaimed physicist and engineer emerged from his shop with a small panel in his hand. It was a radio control, to remotely operate the various aspects of the device. He'd only put the two controls and capabilities into the dildo so far, but he already had plans for more. His only concern at this point was that he was on the right track. After their first session, where he'd admittedly learned a lot about himself, he'd also learned just how much he did not know about the fairer sex. He wasn't sure he knew what had suddenly raised his level of interest to such heights, he'd satisfied his voracious appetite for information with hours upon hours of searching and reading on the web. He read everything from the cause and effect of fiction to medical reports of normal and extreme sexual stimulation, and put together what he thought he needed to respond to his sister's request, a request that seemed to be echoed often in fiction, and occasionally in clinical studies he'd come across. The result was Rithcie One. And now he knew there would be a Ritchie Two, and probably many more. As he watched his sister, completely absorbed in trying to separate the two sensations in her pussy, he could read her like a book. He knew which action he called for on the remote, and watched her reactions shift from one to another as he alternated the actions. He was fascinated by his power over her. He knew in his mind that if she'd wanted to get up or break away from the device sitting freely in her body, she'd never be able to resist its powers.
Renee was shocked, thrilled and hot as hell all at once. She let her arms down beside the armless chair. She scooted forward and reclined further. She stood up suddenly and grabbed one of the supporting posts for the basement, sliding her body up and down the cool rounded steel column. Her fingers stretched longer to claw at the post. She spread her legs around it and clasped her ankles on the other side to pull it closer to her. Her mouth was open wide and her breathing gusting in and out. And all the time, she was letting go more and more with her body, allowing the device in her sopping pussy to take over. Just as she was beginning to be able to tell what was working at any time, a whole new motion took over as the device curled up and poked directly at her G-spot and rubbed it! She couldn't believe it! It not only found her, but was now rubbing up and down and side to side on her G like no man ever had. Hell, she thought, not even she had been able to be this effective on herself ever before!
Ritchie inhaled sharply as his sister began to bump, then buck up and down on the post. Her arms alternated around the column and sliding up and down her torso, massaging herself and trying desperately to bring more of her sense to bear.
This all began to worry Ritchie. She was obviously out of control, perhaps not even conscious. What had he done to her? He turned the controls off with the flick of the controls master switch.
"NO!" She screamed at the top of her lungs. She scared the shit out of him as he quickly flipped the control box's master switch back to the on position.
Renee let go of the post and moved to her brother. With her hands between her legs, raking the insides of her thighs, she bent over and shoved her ass into his groin, wiggling it like some teasing whore. "Oh GOD! Little Brother! Fuck me up the ass too!!!!!"
Her words and her actions were unreal, he thought. She couldn't possibly mean what she said. He froze and looked down at her pushing her ass against his hardening shaft. But he dared not turn off the box.
Renee came twice more up against his loins, the hottest device she'd never dreamed of still threatening her cunt with a meltdown she might never recover from. Suddenly, she looked up at her little brother and said, "Oh stop Ritchie, PLEASE! While I'm in between…" Her head fell back however, and she went right back into the trance of yet another on-rushing orgasm.
Again, trying to comply with his sister's wishes, he turned the device off.
"NO!" She screamed again. He turned the controls back on and she settled back into another series of bumps and grinds against his stiff prick.
He thought suddenly he understood, and when she next slowed after an orgasm, he turned the device off once and for all. This time, it worked. His sister collapsed onto her hands and knees on the floor.
After some time, she said, in a low and pausing voice, "Oh my God, Ritchie! Where have you been all my life!" She laughed aloud.
He looked at her puzzled, not knowing what to say. Trying, he answered, "I've only been here twelve years, Renee. Before that…"
She laughed louder, a hearty and guttural laugh, "No, Silly, it's just an expression. My God, though, Ritchie! You built this? Just for me?" She was trying to stand up, but could barely manage to withdraw the heavenly instrument from her loins.
Ritchie was beaming again, pleased through all the confusion that his sister was truly happy with his work. "Yeah, you said you wanted a robot, to replace a man. This is the only part you told me about."
Renee managed to withdraw the package from her pussy and sit in the chair. She didn't trust her legs, coming off several of the most intense orgasms of her life. "If you could make more of those honey, you'd be a millionaire!"
Ritchie looked at her with his head cocked to once side, "A millionaire?"
She was somewhat surprised he didn't know what she meant, or was he actually considering the possibility? After a few more breaths, she added, "Yes, you could build and sell these things for dozens, no hundreds of dollars! There is NOTHING out there like this!" She held it up again, looked and smiled at her brother, then began to lick the shaft clean of her own juices. She didn't know what made her so bold in front of her brother, but she felt some whole new attraction to him. All these years she had been his tutor, his babysitter, his "Big Sister." Suddenly, she felt more like something entirely different. At first, she considered the roles had reversed, but nothing in his words or deeds have ever given her the idea he had any control issues to deal with. He was a genuine person, a man without an agenda, a human being with her well-being in mind, or at least her pleasure! She studied brother now, as she watched him watch her lick.
"I spent over thirteen dollars on that!" He said, as if amazed that she would want to build more of them.
Renee suddenly stopped licking and looked at him. Between what she'd said in jest, and he'd said in fact, a whole new idea was forming in her head, but she couldn't help but laugh not at, but with her adorable sibling mate.
Raintree Rampage, Inc., New York, NY, 2002
Renee opened the entrance door before the client could reach the handle. To allay any fears of frightening the visitor, she also announced her welcome as the door began to open. "Welcome Ms. Granger, so nice to see you again."
Ginger Granger stepped through the door, amazed as usual at the personal attention she received each time she came for a "treatment." She didn't even know what the visit would cost, only that for the next hour or so she would be more satisfied than at any other time in her life. It was like that each visit, and just kept getting better. Raintree Rampage was the eight wonder of the world, and its best kept secret.
Ginger's private secretary, working her magic on the books to find time to get her Grammy winning songstress boss her weekly appointments at Raintree, wondered just what it was that made this recent addition to her schedule so absolutely critical as to become a part of contracts she signed for tours or recording sessions. But the boss said it was to happen, and that meant it was to happen. She called and checked with the driver to be sure she'd been delivered to the non-descript address in Tribeca on time.
Ginger followed her host through the "waiting room," a room she'd never even had time to sit in after her first "exploratory" visit, and into a warm corridor of beige, leather covered walls, and a few powerful and heavy, wood carved doors. It was through one of these doors, the one labeled Satia One, that the lovely hostess escorted her client now.
Inside, the room was built and furnished to replicate the bedroom of a posh, New York City apartment. There was a massive picture window on one wall, with a starlit skyline scene so accurate one would swear it was real. There was another building close by, and Ginger could already see people walking in several of the closer windows, as if at parties, or just home from work, or sitting down to dinner, offices and residences all mixed together.
In the middle of the room, there was a bed, or so it seemed, narrower even than a bunk bed mattress, yet covered with white fur, perhaps that of a polar bear. All Ginger could remember was that it was the softest fur she'd ever felt. She handed her purse to the hostess, then her blouse, and her bra. She then let the hostess remove her long skirt and panties, before saying thank you. The hostess departed with all her belongings.
Ginger Granger was standing alone in the room, facing the small bed and with the night scene behind. She walked forward, and lay down on the bed, with her feet to the window. At once, straps encircled her wrists, her ankles, and one around her waist. The bed began to incline the moment they were secure. As it did so, the cityscape before her began to come alive. People in the various windows gathered at the openings to look directly at her. Some had drinks in their hands, and others put an arm around a mate. Still others, a couple of men, began to shed their clothes. She looked higher, at the highest window she could see, and sure enough, a voluptuous, long black haired bitch, dressed in leather corset and sundry other articles of domination, stood with her feet at shoulder width, and a crop she held in one hand and repeatedly brought snapping down in the other. It was as if she couldn't wait to get her hands on her.
The bed tilted further, until it was nearly vertical. She was still held back against it by the restraints, and felt no tendency to fall forward, but her entire body was now visible to all those in the scene behind the window. Ginger Granger, star and very important, universally known personality, lay naked and strapped to a bed before her audience, to be seen, and even played with if the voyeurs so desired. Her heart was beating faster and harder at just the realization, but her sex was beginning to beat in anticipation. On this "night," as on this "night" every week, she would be satisfied sexually like she'd never been satisfied before. She be lifted to heights she could not describe, or dream of. She'd be exposed to and possibly mistreated by her fans. She'd be humiliated and lifted higher than any award or applause could ever lift her. This afternoon would define the ultimate in her personal satiation.
Raintree Rampage, Inc., New York, NY, 2002, Control Room
"Oh Richard, you are just too much I truly don't know how you do it." Renee stood behind her brother who sat at the control panel, one that looked a bit similar to the ones their client must sing to when recording. There was a bank of controls, toggle switches, buttons and rheostats that would control the brightness of a light, or the intensity of some motion. A label headed a line drawn around a group of these and it read, "Window." Another group was identified similarly with the word, "Platform." Several more groups were visible and the entire panel was separated from the room itself with a large one-way mirror. Renee and Richard watched as the star in their special bed, comfortably acclimated her temperament and her eyes to her new surroundings.
Ginger Granger had come to them like most of their exclusive clientele, through a recommendation from another client, a three-time nominee for the Academy Award. In her case, the scene in the next room would have been entirely different, and the onlooker would have been hard pressed to be able to tell she was not actually on a southern Polynesian beach. The recommending actress would also have been here for a longer time, a full two hours if not more, age and fitness having a lot to do with the tolerance of pleasure over time.
Ms. Granger was older than that referring actress, nearly a generation so, and was therefore able to withstand only a shorter time in character, though no one on any side would ever know this. The secrecy and privacy for which Raintree Rampage was known was absolute. There was virtually no chance that any of the clientele would ever know of the fantasies of any other. Outside of Renee and Richard in fact, they knew there was never even another person involved. When clients were in the house, there were only two from Raintree with them, Renee and Richard. All guests arrived in disguise, were escorted personally to their customized fantasy chamber, and exited from the building in a similar fashion, through one of three different exits, chosen randomly for each client, each day.
Raintree was not cheap. Though most clients made more money in a minute of their professions than Raintree charged by the hour, the hourly rate was still out of reach for all but the very elite of society. If you went to Raintree for the ultimate in sexual satisfaction, you were filthy rich, divorced or married for your image rather than love, and able to see clearly through the old mores and taboos to the uncharted waters to the ultimate sexual satiation, regardless of the means to achieve it. You were vain enough to require for yourself what no one else had, base enough to recognize what that was, and just low enough in self-esteem to accept the cure. But oh what a cure it was.
Raintree Rampage, Inc., New York, NY, 2002, Room - Satia One
Ginger's body was still in excellent condition. Though her age would normally put her in the one hour category at the most, her state of fitness earned her special consideration. She had on two occasions before requested and been granted an extra fifteen minutes of "treatment." Naturally, that extra quarter hour came at a price similar to that of a full first hour, the risk being exponentially increased for Raintree Rampage, Inc.
On this day, Ginger was eager for her session to begin. Though she knew someone had to be watching, she was also experienced enough to know that the money here was so good for the brother/sister pair that had built the place that they would never, never expose what went on in here to anyone else. Therefore, she let down her walls of defense while in this room, let the "world" watch her in HER element, not theirs. She would show them all that she was able to accept human satisfactions that went beyond the applause, the throwing of flowers, the fan mail. She would show them that she could be a slut, a woman of the night with endurances none of them could imagine.
She would show them her body was fit, sexy, and still wanton. Her fans would want to know these things, things that were sometimes asked in some of the more risqué letters she'd received. A few letters were so crass and direct, she'd had to be stopped by her publicist from writing back to learn more about the person who thought like her. For years she'd had to endure this frustration of unsatisfying men in her life, and the more adventuresome and creative men pushed away, simply because they did not meet her "station" in life.
But all that frustration and missing out was gone now, thanks to Raintree Rampage. Gone were the unfulfilled fantasies, the hopeless bedroom encounters, the waste of her delicious body on wasteful men and women, and her fantastical mind on uninspired partners. She was with Raintree now, and understood and cared for. She would leave here today completely satiated, and only doubly happy knowing she had a permanent reservation that would allow her back again next week. Raintree was a part of her life now, and would be until her last remnant of desire flamed out. She had reached a stage in life where the ultimate fulfillment was hers and no one, but no one could take that away. She smiled as she watched the people beginning back at her through the "window."
Raintree Rampage, Inc., New York, NY, 2002, Control Room
"She's ready now, Richard," Renee monitored the readings coming off the instruments in the woman's cuffs and sensors in the bed. Her background in nursing naturally gave her the job of monitoring client vital signs. Beyond that, Renee would monitor the close-up cameras directed at the client's face to ensure they spot any signs that a session was going too far. With Richard's incredible robotics, the concern was not creating sufficient stimulation to satisfy a client to their absolute maximum ability to withstand it, but going too far. In a relationship, albeit one strong enough to even come close to testing the limits of physical pleasure, humans can sense a person's vibrations and bodily functions from movement to tension to breathing and even audible signals. In Richard's robotic world however, there was no sense of smell, no sense of touch connected to a sense of reason. The tools and techniques needed the added input of human intervention, hence the control room Richard and Renee sat in now.
There was another reason for human intervention, and that was variety. No two sessions were ever the same. This was a special part of Raintree's offering in that not only could the sessions be forever different, they could be forever better. A subject feeling sensitive in one area of their body one week, might feel more sensitive elsewhere a week later. Actors often suffered muscle pains from particular scenes they had recently portrayed and required special consideration. Richard had learned quickly over the years with practice on his sister, and later with her girlfriends. Two years before this session, he had reached a new plateau in consistent performance and acquired their first big name client, an actress who had once been a friend of Renee's at school. When circumstances were right one day, Renee had introduced her to her brother and his robotics, and the company and its future were born. And now, with each week full up, they only raised their prices with the ratio of supply and demand. Their current price for a regular, weekly reserved hour was three thousand dollars. A single hour each day at the beginning of the day, and one at the end of the day were reserved for last minute services of five thousand dollars, or first timers at the regular reserved rate. Richard and Renee reserved Saturdays for housekeeping of the books and a cleaning crew that had no clue as to what was going on, only that it required more cleanliness than a hospital. Their business was booming and they had a waiting list for reserved times.
Renee never understood why her little brother didn't simply manufacture the line of robotics and sell them en masse. Richard, a fast learner in all things economic as well as in physics and engineering, knew that the instant his handiwork was available to the public, it would be copied and the market would become overly competitive and he would lose his ability to capitalize on his inventions. But this way, after expenses, and with none of the usual headaches of a staff and marketing and on and on, they were pulling down a hundred thousand net per week between them. It was a fine start for this thirty-year-old's career.
Richard flicked a toggle to initiate a sequence of events. First, a song from the client's repertoire played softly in the background. This brought a smile to her face, a note that Richard picked up. Next, a robotic arm, invisible in the dark, swung down from the ceiling at lightening speed, a pace that would frighten the client had she been able to see it in the dark. But she was not, so her first inclination that something was about, was a breath of air wafting over her fairly large, natural breasts. Next she inhaled with the sudden touch of something like a pair of hands, though with the softest of skin. They wrapped one of her breasts in a cradle of warmth and lifted the mammary in offering to the Gods.
In this case, the Gods were represented by a sucking device that appeared from nowhere to suck up the nipple of the encapsulated breast with a "plop." Ginger shivered with the exquisite touch and gave her self up to the machinery easily. She let the tension back out of her neck, obviously luxuriating in the soft touch upon her.
"She's already on board," Renee said to her brother, while watching the vital signs of their client. She could tell easily when the client was fighting fear or becoming overly eager, as well as when the client was experiencing extreme plea\sure, the ultimate objective of their entire enterprise.
Raintree Rampage, Inc., New York, NY, 2002, Room - Satia One
Ginger Granger was a permanent client now. She did not know exactly what else was going to happen, but she did know it would be good, not threatening, but intoxicating. She knew to relax to let the maximum benefit bestow itself upon her, and to let her mind drop concerns about safety and compromise, to free her brain cells to concentrate on the coming pleasure. And thus she did, consciously letting every muscle in her body slacken to its natural state, begin to melt into the furred bed, her skin shrinking from the restraints, the soft sensations rising and the touch of everyday life departing. The sucking on her tit enveloped her consciousness and she began to feel the separate parts of her skin, her areola, her nipple, each receiving their dose of pleasure from the unseen device.
She opened her eyes, still not seeing anything but the cityscape and the various windows full of people watching her. Smiling to her fans, she dropped her eyelids in salute to their cheers and encouragement, their own kind of longing to contact the magical singer. She opened them again and began to scan the various windows for a closer examination of how her own pleasure cruise was affecting them. One man in particular caught her eye. He was leaning casually against the jam of his sliding glass doors, naked and slowly pumping his shaft, smiling at Ginger.
Raintree Rampage, Inc., New York, NY, 2002, Room – Control Room
"She is truly one with this process, isn't she?" Renee asked her brother with a smile.
"Yes, I believe the new visuals, despite their realism, or maybe as a result of them, have satisfied a kind of exhibitionistic need in her senses. She needs to demonstrate this fairly common desire, but cannot for fear of damaging her reputation. The quality of our screen and its content must be sufficient to allow her to make the leap from reality to fantasy. This week's changes ought to confirm that, but we'll see."
They watched as the breast massage and sucking alternated between mounds a few more times. The Richard said, "I think it's time to find out now."
Raintree Rampage, Inc., New York, NY, 2002, Room – Satia One
Ginger blinked when she felt the firm grasp on her thighs. The sense was that they were hands gripping her, thumbs along on the insides, and fingers to the outside. The reach was too long to be human hands, and the touch was too soft and accurately focused to be guided by a person. She felt the immediate power of their touch, but feared not their coming movements.
Seconds later, the thumbs began to exert pressure, pushing her thighs to spread them. Oddly, she felt the base of the bed spread with her legs, obviously separating up the middle. She looked at her fans in all the windows watching. She was showing them her loins, as if mandating her mechanical assistants to present them to these important people in her life, to show them just what else she had to give, as earnestly as she gave them her voice.
The presentation continued, another hand-like device taking gentle hold of her pussy petals and pulling them apart. Ginger gasped at the feeling, helpless in one sense, yet firmly in control she told herself, as she allowed her now wet, pink entrance to be displayed. She was elated to see the casual nude Adonis pulling harder and faster on his cock. The first of her fans was reacting directly to her erotic display. Praise such as this far exceeded the value of clapping hands. Here was a fan masturbating himself in praise of her other assets too.
A couple in a window directly above the masturbator was standing slightly angled to her, the man spooned behind her with his hands firmly grasping her breasts. She hadn't noted this naked couple before. This she thought only because there were so many fans in so many windows in the scene. But something caught her eye just then and she realized the movement of the man's hands was remarkably similar to the manipulations being performed on her own breasts. She wondered if she were inspiring them, or if the scene was acting like a mirror for her. She made a note to check again later, but for the moment interpreted the action to be the highest form of praise, mimicking the exquisite action on her breasts.
Raintree Rampage, Inc., New York, NY, 2002, Room – Control Room
"She is responding to the visuals, Richard," Renee observed with some awe. "Look how she keeps looking at her fans, then back at her own body. She is comparing, just like you said."
Richard pulled his hands back from the control panels and let the scene steady. The woman's crotch was being opened for what she considered her fans to see. A man in the scene, her personal description of the ideal male, was openly masturbating to her presentation, exaggerating his action each time she looked. The "couple" Richard had designed for the floor above was attempting to mimic her situation, as best they could. He noted that she had seen the couple just when he'd planned, when he'd subtly changed the lighting on the imaginary buildings. By toning down the lighting on the male masturbator's window scene, and toning up the couple's window, he'd drawn her eyes exactly where he'd intended. He'd done this kind of focusing for the purpose of giving the performer on his operating bed a rare chance to interact with her audience, to see what was really going through their minds, something she could never do on stage. Tying the action to her sexuality was the ultimate experience for the lonely woman, one she would pay twice as much for if Richard had asked. When his sister had one day pointed this supply and demand inefficiency out tohim, he'd responded with, "Under promise, over deliver." He went on to say, "A regular high paying client is far greater an asset than an occasional higher payer, Sis, and we will live quite comfortably on such security."
She reflected on her amazing brother once again. Putting a hand on his shoulder while watching from behind him, she was not only proud, but in awe of his intelligence and common sense. As if that weren't enough to make a successful person, he was sexually liberated and emotionally intuitive as well. Here they were at a young age, catering intimate services to the richest and vainest people in the world, and on a regular basis. They knew enough secrets about each of these people to destroy any one of their careers in a single 24 hour period. They were paid for their services not by cash, or credit card or check – they were paid by bank transfer, monthly and in advance. The funds involved were too great to pay any other way, and their waiting list too long to allow a single appointment to go unpaid. There were no refunds, not even for valid reasons. It was this very condition that had prompted Richard and Renee to plan and commence the expansion currently underway.
He looked up and back at his sister and they smiled at each other. His opposite arm raised and brought his hand back behind her, to clutch her ass. He smiled up at her and she pushed her pelvis forward to make contact between his chin and the top of her mound. She smiled back and their communication was complete. No words were necessary to extol their complete agreement and satisfaction.
Raintree Rampage, Inc., New York, NY, 2002, Room – Satia One
Ginger had closed her eyes and let the experience drift back to the ethereal. Somehow the mechanical fingers holding her pussy lips apart were also massaging the swollen parts softly. For a brief time, she was able to tune out everything but those feelings. Her body had been removed from her vaginal canal and its entrance. All she could feel were the fingers and her pussy, itself beginning to drip with the heat and excitement of the quiet and soothing ministrations. The effects balanced themselves between bliss and provocation. Just as her mind would drift in the luxury of these sensations, her body would hunger for more, for penetration, and her hips would buck at the mechanics and attempt to capture them in her pussy like a snapdragon. And then she would drift again.
She was slipping into a no man's land of sensual stimulation she had no idea how to deal with. This was Ginger's fourth time at Raintree and each time had been different than the last, part of the amazing draw the place had for her. But more importantly, it was a chance for her to complete her life, to add the fourth dimension to her work and personal sides, to experience those elusive, remaining elements of satisfaction that would augment her satisfying career and lifestyle to a state of utter satiation and fulfillment. Raintree was to Ginger as gravity was to earth. The earth would go on without it, but without its life and bounty. She let herself slip further into a trance of submission and pleasure.
A cool breeze wafted by her pussy, made more cool by the drying effect of her ample fluids clinging there. The feeling was one of transition, as if she were leaving one plateau and jumping to another, maybe even higher.
The "fingers" withdrew from her pussy lips and crevice, then from her thighs. The massaging devices on her breasts released her. The bed began to recline and didn't' stop until she was about halfway to the horizontal. This took weight off her legs and shifted it to her butt more than anywhere else, though she remained totally comfortable.
It was harder now to see her "fans." The angle forced her to nod her head to give her line of sight to the screen where the false cityscape watched her. She knew from a previous session that there were times when certain stimulants would be removed to enable her to concentrate more fully on others. She assumed this was one of those and decided to let her head fall back and closed her eyes.
The bed's parts began to move. First her head was tilted back by angling just that part of the narrow bed down. It wasn't far, but it confirmed her suspicion that she was to forget the big screen for now. Next to move were the bed's legs. The spread slightly further, totally opening her for the "fans" to see. Then she felt her ankles tugged upward, lifting her entire leg off the bed. This occurred on both sides at once and led her to believe she might actually be raised off the bed entirely, but they stopped just before pulling her butt up.
Her arms were suddenly moving then, tugged out past the edge of the bed and then downward to about vertical. Oddly, something suddenly pushed up against them, across her palms. It took her less than a second to clasp her fingers around the items and squeeze them, an action that came purely by instinct. It was then that she realized she was holding two long, fat cocks, or at least she could not tell the difference if they were not. She exercised them slightly at first, then with more energy. All the men she had been with over the years were too sensitive for her, to easily harmed. They could stand some squeezing, but not squeezing and pulling, and especially not squeezing and pumping. The heads of the cocks were too easily bruised, and most were immediately withdrawn upon sensing something as hard as a nail or teeth.
But these cocks were tough. She squeezed them, pulled them, then began pumping them with a vengeance. Almost immediately she was envisioning all the men who'd pulled their sensitive tools from her grasp in the past, and one by one put their faces in her mind's eye as she milked the cocks in her hand like a machine. She smiled at her chance to get them back, to make them hurt.
The intrusion at her mouth simply crossed her lips at first, and laid there. Her head was back to the horizontal, about forty-five degrees more reclined than her upper torso. With her tongue, she explored the intruder and quickly realized it was yet another fat cock for her to play with. Like a barracuda she snapped her jaws around the shaft and turned her head to take it in lengthwise. She had gotten the hint from the experience with her hands and went right to attacking the oral intruding shaft. It rotated somehow, letting her turn her head back toward the ceiling, and letting her raise her head to gobble more of the dick into her mouth. She noticed that each time she raised up, clamped down with her teeth and pulled her head back down, the cock followed her remaining wherever she let go. She was exercising some control over it, and that suited her fine. She tried blowing on the mouthful and that caused the cock to retreat slightly, and now her control package was complete. She raised her head to have more cock dispensed to her, and blew the meaty thing to make it retreat. With these simply controls, she went to work.
While she pumped her mouth up and down on the plunging cock, she felt yet a fourth cock begin to enter her pussy. It was already lubricated and slipped inside her like a piston through its sleeve. She jerked at the intrusion, but not at any pain. The cock stopped on its initial penetration and waited several seconds, leaving Ginger to concentrate on the cocks in her mouth and hands.
She raised her head to take more of that device into her mouth. After several strokes like this, she knew that the next push would bring the tip of the cock to the entrance to her throat. She considered herself an excellent "oralist" and never had any man been able to hold his orgasm long enough for her to try to deep throat him. It seemed that now she was going to get her chance.
Ginger's hands were reflexively pumping their respective shafts. She hardly noticed that each had begun to throb and pulse in her palms, and then began to swell. When she finally realized she was actually simulating, or over simulating the realistic things as they came close to their own orgasms, she was inspired to pump them harder. The combined effect of her pumping hands, and now penetrated throat were sufficient to prompt her to buck against the more stationary dildo up her pussy.
Immediately, the strap around her waist tightened and cut off her effort in that area. This was new also, and gave her pause to figure out why it had happened. Before she could figure it out, the shafts in her hands were tilted upward, raising her hands with them, until they pointed directly over her body at each other. They erupted simultaneously, squirting a long and high shaft of realistic looking sperm that landed from both sides on her breasts. The warm liquid touching her skin made her jerk again and a series of very fast and nearly violent events immediately followed.
First, her teeth began to grip on the cock in her mouth upon each stroke so as to pull more of it down her throat each time. She was giving no ground to the bastard. Next, her lower torso jerked violently against the waist restraint, so much so that it must have reprogrammed the contraption to let her have her way. It relaxed and she began pumping vigorously on the device up her slit.
When the cock in her mouth erupted in a hot sticky ejaculation down her throat, the one in her pussy did likewise, pumping more liquid up to her womb than she'd ever thought possible. A sudden pressure from yet another device on her clit, drove her to her own explosive orgasm as the music in the room increased in volume and the cocks in her pussy and hands and mouth continued to blow.
Eventually, she'd had to relax her teeth on the mouth cock just to give herself a chance to breath. It was an amazing feeling to have to be the side that gave up, rather than the side always left frustrated and unfulfilled. She also noticed that the second her hands relaxed on their cocks, the massive shafts contracted to half their size and wobbled slowly against her skin. When her bucking against the pussy penetrator began to subside, the cock acted as if it understood her needs and it too relaxed its size and action, though not completely leaving her body.
Ginger's breathing leveled, and her body resumed her relaxed state, though now one of satisfaction and completeness. Her hands let go of the cocks and they disappeared. Her mouth kissed the big the tip of the one in her mouth, and that too departed. It wasn't until she reluctantly relaxed the muscles of her pussy that the final shaft retreated and disappeared from view. Ginger slumped, her mouth hung open, her arms dangling, and her passion peaked and ebbing. This was soooooooo good, she thought.
Raintree Rampage, Inc., New York, NY, 2002, Room – Control Room
"I see what you mean, Richard. She was even more fulfilled by the new routines, even without the screen," Renee observed. She was feeling the wetness between her legs, and could smell her own aroma rising from her loins. In front of any other party, she might have been self-conscious. In this case, she only hoped the only man in sight would react.
Richard was resetting much of the equipment and only when he finished and checked his client did he answer, "Yes. But taking the screen away served another purpose too. It's sudden reappearance at a critical moment will be that much more effective." He smiled at the success he was having yet again, and the prospect of the new routine he was going to try on this very capable, very aggressive subject.
The scent of his "older" sister wafted up past his nose and he smiled again, though not letting on that he was so pleased. Better to surprise her later too, he thought, and went back to work.
Raintree Rampage, Inc., New York, NY, 2002, Room – Satia One
The music had lulled to a soft and slower song of Ginger's as she rested and recovered from her first orgasm. She was in heaven for sure, and knew that the next rendition of heavenly satisfaction was only a rest away.
With a start, though in a relaxed state, she awoke, having slept some amount of time she could not determine. For all she knew, she'd been out only a few seconds, for her body still felt the tingling of the attack of the cocks as she would know them for future reference. They'd come, she'd conquered, and they'd retreated after she'd taken everything they had to offer.
The bed reclined all the way to the horizontal now, her legs re-supported by the bed's parts and the hanging sling removed. The room was totally dark and she could see nothing. The soft music of one of her favorite recordings obscured the minute noise made by the mirroring bed as it was let down upon her body. She felt more than saw an opposing fur platform descend to meet her. It had the same texture and density as that beneath her, and now fur engulfed her and comforted her like nothing else she'd ever slept in.
The beds sandwiched her and began immediately to rotate along their longitudinal axis and flip her like an egg, a very delicate one at that. New parts came forth to support her head without obstructing her breathing. Her hands and arms were guided back to her waist and held there, able to touch nothing but the skin of her own hips.
The bed began to move again and she felt the upper portion release and fly away, leaving her face down on the bed's twin, while the new support began to pull her legs apart and raise her butt. Slowly, erotically, the bed's leg supports folded her legs at the knees, while drawing the knees downward.
All this was occurring while a series of wispy, feather-like pieces began to graze her skin, all over. From time to time, one would pass over her ass and give her a chill with its gentle touch in an erotic area. These wisps kept brushing her as if painting her with pleasure while the bed continued to contort and shape her body for its next act.
Ginger was lost in the sensations once again. Her body was no longer hers, given over completely to the room and all its helpers to do with her as they pleased. She felt no fear in doing so, despite this being only her fifth time here. Each visit left her feeling more and more cared for, more worshipped, than the last. There was no danger here, only pleasure. And it came in many forms. Her body had never felt so pampered and tended to in her life. Her dream of being appreciated for more than even a Grammy winning singer was fulfilled as her "fans" celebrated her performance her with even more demonstrative praise than at her concerts. And perhaps one of the best parts of all, she was not hounded, or bothered in any way by Raintree or anything to do with it from the moment she stepped outside the building. This small spot on earth was her escape and fulfillment all in one. The money for each session was a paltry sum compared to what the value afforded. There was no fee she would not pay to complete her life's desires.
Raintree Rampage, Inc., New York, NY, 2002, Room – Control Room
"Ms. Granger appears to have given herself to you with no restrictions whatsoever." Renee observed, somewhat jealous of the woman's satiated state. She would never share that thought with her younger brother however, and not just because of the incestual consequences, but also because of their business relationship. They were partners, equal as Richard had insisted from the start, inseparable in their success. She felt somewhat guilty because of this too, for the business owed its success far more to the labors of Richard than her own contributions. Sure, she handled the communications, the hostessing, and offered many of the suggestions and ideas regarding the goals of the robotics, things only a woman could know. But it was Richard's uncanny sense of physics, and his "imagineering" skills as he termed them, which led to their success and the pot of gold they were filling.
Richard smiled as he looked up at the reflection of his sister on the one-way glass window separating them from Ginger Granger and her fans. He loved her dearly, and always had. She'd had plenty of occasion to take advantage of his devotion to her, and had never taken it, purely out of respect for his well being. That meant a lot to him as he matured and realized what sacrifice she'd made in such an honorable way. But tonight, if all went as planned for them, and things under Richard's control usually did go as planned, she would see her honor and generosity returned. He smiled more broadly at the thought and shook off a chill that ran right up his spine.
"I think she is going to like this, Renee. We'll see…" He said, placing his hands back on the controls.
Raintree Rampage, Inc., New York, NY, 2002, Room – Satia One
Ginger's eyes had closed and her mind drifted in the luxuriating feel of the fur below and the feathery touches everywhere else. She was in a limbo between sleep and consciousness that had entranced her and left her suspended in space. The moment was lost in time, her body no longer in her control, but controlling her. The near fetal position with support in all the exact right places left her feeling overly comforted and safe, and she completely forgot about her "fans" watching from the screen facing her ass. She was drifting on a calm sea of easy rollers in warm water, not hungry, not thirsty, simply blissful.
The sudden touch on her right ass cheek was surprising, and yet welcomed for it was gentle, like a warm hand, and then removed. Then another approached similarly on her left cheek. These were followed by more, touching her on her back, her legs, even the sides of her head. It was as if people, her fans! Yes! Her fans were gathered around her as if she were entering the concert hall, but this time they were orderly and touching her with clean hands and petting her like their favorite pet. They were unable to withhold their adoration and needed to make contact with her in the most intimate ways.
A few of the "hands" were beginning to linger on various parts, sliding over her skin and drawing a tingle to her flesh. She did not know that minute electric shocks were being used to sensitize her skin to the touches, and to prepare her for more. As these sensations increased in number and pressure, Ginger felt herself wanting to throw herself from the stage at her fans. On more than a few occasions the younger of her audiences had encouraged the braver, or drunker member to climb up on her stage and then swan dive back into the crowd, a practice usually reserved for rock shows, but occasioned on her from time to time by that generation's representatives who had fallen for her sweet melodies too.
They were becoming more aggressive now, though not threatening. Nothing any of them did gave her concern for her safety, only that they might not try or do all that she wanted them to do! It was like being let free in harem of men and women devoted to her care and comfort and tasked with showing her their devotion to that duty. Her "fans" would never hurt her, only pleasure her in exchange for all the pleasure she had given them.
Fingers began to probe at her orifices, vaginal and anal, and always with no coarse friction, only with the gentlest of pressure and slipperiness of lubrication. Before long, her pussy was filled and feeling many separate touches inside her canal. It was like several fingers inside her at once, all pawing at her inner walls, prospecting for more places to please her as if each were another gold nugget to prize. The fingers in her ass were equally busy and more were plying her clit and pussy lips. She jerked in orgasm as the sensations washed over her for the first time.
Raintree Rampage, Inc., New York, NY, 2002, Room – Control Room
Richard was manipulating controls faster than Renee had ever seen. His new additions to the room's repertoire were working even better than she'd believed they would. It was not hard to see that each and every robotic finger was applying itself to its appointed task and the devices that had slipped inside the tunnels they were designed for had commenced their many separate tasks to pleasure their target.
The two video screens on the console confirmed that the devices were acting correctly and penetrating, massaging and stimulating the walls of their respective tunnels. Watching the nervous system readings closely, and the various actions being conducted by the fingers, Richard was able to easily see which actions stimulated the most, and which had the most lasting effects. He was also able to avoid pain for his client by quickly identifying those actions that produced no response, or even the beginnings of a negative reaction. The result was maximized pleasure at every touch. He worried only that such an effective effort might be too much for the human mind to handle, that the client might even pass out.
Ms. Granger's orgasm registered a relative eight on her personal scale and Richard knew he would be truly testing his additions to her "experience" trying to top that result. But he also knew he had some arrows still in his quiver. He would massage her gently for a few moments and then bring her back to a moderate level of excitement before applying this week's final pleasure for Ginger Granger.
Renee looked on in a kind of awe and envy still. Her brother was so young, so handsome, and yet so wise. He was on the cusp of super humananity in his skills and intelligence. He was also such a wonderful brother to her. He'd brought her in as equal partner despite her obvious lesser contribution to their enterprise. He'd never talked to her as anything less than an equal, and he'd never said even a cross word to her since childhood. If he weren't her brother, she'd have done everything in her power to corral him and make him hers.
But he was her brother! She craved his touch, but he was her brother! She adored him as a person, and desired him as a lover. But he was her brother! He never dated anyone else in front of her, and never shied away from her touch. It was her, because he was her brother, who stopped any possible sexual interaction between them. Why! Why, she wondered, had she been saddled with such a dilemma in life? And what, if anything, was she to do about it?
Raintree Rampage, Inc., New York, NY, 2002, Room – Satia One
Ginger breathed long and slow deep breaths as she recovered from the exquisite orgasm she'd just absorbed. Her body was cared for and comfortable over every square inch. The machines in her body were soothing her, almost imperceptibly, lulling her to a state of semi-consciousness that more closely resembled a dreamland than reality.
After some time, the devices in her pussy and ass retreated, leaving not the vulgar vacancy that a man's cock would leave in a heartbeat after ejaculation, but in a smooth and gently manner that enabled her holes to close naturally with their missiles' departure. There would be no cold air reaching inside her, no emptiness of the post-partem nature. She continued to slide in and out of reality with the sensuality transforming from erotic bliss to physical satisfaction.
Her body was still facing down, with her butt slightly higher in the air than her head, and this suddenly began to change. Her ass dropped slowly as the table began to rotate, and let the blood retreat gently from her head. She felt none of the sudden dizziness that one might feel if they suddenly arose from such a position.
The rotation stopped with her upright again, though her knees were still held to her chest in the fetal position. She saw nothing in the absolute darkness and only assumed her status from the physical sensations in her system for balance. Once stopped in this position, something touched the cheeks of her ass. It too was furry, though not as soft as what she had been lying on since the session started.
She left her eyes naturally closed as she felt with all her nerve endings the next moves in her world. The pressure from below increased gradually until she knew her weight was supported by the new fur platform. She was at a loss to figure out what was next. The only thing that came to her mind was a vision of herself on a pony when she was a child, a picture of which she still kept in her wallet. It was one of the most poignant moments in her life for at the time, she was alone, and running the pony for the first time, her hair blowing in the wind. It was an exhilarating moment in time, and she had wanted to show everyone how well she was riding. It wasn't until later that she realized her mother had taken the picture and captured her proud moment forever.
The platform under her ass began to change shape. It fell lower on the sides where it touched her cheeks allowing a peak to form in the middle, planting itself in her crack. The whole package seemed to bend too to let the peak cling to and fill her crack from her mons to behind her ass. The sensation was quite pleasing, but didn't give her enough yet to understand what was next.
Her hands were lifted up in front of her and straps of some sort put in her fingers. A silk cloth of some sort was draped over her shoulders and down her front and back. It was more like a simple rectangle with a hole for her head, and no apparent purpose. It did feel cool and very slinky against her skin. She thought for a moment about that and suddenly realized there was a common thread through all her visits today. There was always a background of sensation on her skin, in whatever pose or operation had been performed. It gave true depth to the experience in each case, and she smiled at that.
The platform under her ass suddenly moved. She identified the motion immediately, she was riding a horse! Reflexively, she pulled back the reins and the motion came to a halt. She kicked her heels slightly inward and was surprised to find something resisting there, as if she truly were on a horse. The photograph of her on her pony was vividly painted in her mind now, with nothing else to see in the darkness, and she began to carry herself back to that magical moment in time.
She remembered how stimulating the ride had been, not only for its exhilaration of speed, but for its sensuality as well. She'd been riding bareback, her preferred "natural" way to become one with her mount. All on the farm in those summer visits would smile at her deep-rooted desire to be close to the animals, even to sing to them. On her pony that memorable day, she'd sung the then popular "Rawhide" song at the top of her lungs as she raced across the fields. It was perhaps the most complete release she'd felt in her life, and she was being offered the opportunity to relive it now.
Still somewhat embarrassed to actually sing that age old song, she contented herself with exercising her "horse" for a time. The reigns and kicking seemed to work so realistically she found herself trying for a few moments to see if she could fool the "system" she was riding, but soon gave up and began to enjoy the time on her mount instead.
Lights came up and a scene appeared before her, of a rolling countryside with nothing but tall grass and a distant heard of what appeared to be buffalo. As she walked her mount forward, the scene adjusted as if she were actually covering the ground. The heard was getting closer! Her mind began to absorb the scene and interaction to the point of assuming it was real and Ginger Granger began to hum one of her more popular songs.
The sun was brilliant and the air warm but with just enough breeze to make it comfortable. When she looked down at the cause of some very pleasant sensations on her now stiffened nipples, she saw the sheer silk wrap, so thin it was practically invisible, riding over her nipples tantalizing them as she rode through the breeze. She looked forward again and brought her mount to a trot.
Another set of screens appeared to her sides and melded with the forward presentation, extending the panorama from behind her sides. There appeared a couple other riders, sitting atop their own mounts, facing her, as if waiting for instructions. Just as she looked more closely at them, to see if she recognized any faces, she felt the most delicious, though surprising sensation in her crotch. A large, fat, well lubricated, rubber cock had emerged from her mount and inserted itself in her loins and stayed.
She faced forward again as if waiting for the next surprise, and didn't have to wait long. She'd forgotten for a moment this was supposed to be an erotic experience too, but that awareness returned with pleasure as she felt the next probe work its way into her ass. She settled her body cozily into the back of her mount, nuzzling her loins down on the penetrations, and folding her legs down and under its belly. With little effort, she was able to pull the wonderful intruders further up into her body, leveraging her weight down upon them with her legs. She jerked her hips forward and back slightly to augment the sensations and smiled again at the results.
Looking around again at the scene, she spotted more riders, a few of them women, and most naked men, their cocks all hard and standing where their saddles' horns would normally be. They were all staring at Ginger.
One of the men, nodded his head in the direction of the heard of Buffalo and Ginger immediately understood. She laughed out loud at the cacophony of feelings and adrenaline running through her veins and shouted quite unabashedly, "Rawhide!"
With one arm holding the reigns to her mount, and the other waving a huge circle in the air to gather the other riders around her, she instinctively pulled back and kicked the horse's haunches to make it stand on its hind feet. Much to her surprise, and completely to her excited satisfaction, the steed rose hip high and lifted her up and tilted her back just as if it were real, except of course for the delicious intrusions into her body. She realized also that there were no more restraints on her, and that her body was about to ride her mount under its own skill and risk. Her mind was raging pleasure and glee as she shouted, "HEYEAH! RAWHIIIIIIIIIDE!"
The horse came down and responded immediately to her commands to take off on a run toward the huge animals a short distance away. She looked to either side and saw that her fellow riders, maybe twenty in number, were hooting and shouting and running alongside, often looking her way for direction. Ginger Granger broke into her favorite childhood song and sang with a vengeance, intentionally rasping her voice and raising it to levels she hadn't tried in years. She was totally free, surrounded by support, and riding hard. The roundup was on!
Raintree Rampage, Inc., New York, NY, 2002, Room – Control Room
"OH! Little brother!!! How… My God! Look at her!" Renee was plastered to the glass, Drawn like a magnet to the scene before her. There was Grammy winning Ginger Granger, singing at the top of her lungs, a song she'd never want anyone but family to hear, and turning it into the most exhilarating moment of her life. Every shred of inhibition had been replaced by every possible dream. She was experiencing fulfillment she'd always longed for, yet never expected to achieve.
To Renee, the scene was unreal. Here was one of the top musical stars of her age, naked on a saddle with two mechanical devices up her holes and performing all kinds of Richard induced wizardry there, and singing Rawhide with a heartfelt gusto that could only come from intimate connection. She was reliving her childhood in her adult body, and experiencing her epitome of fan support and enthusiasm at the same time. Renee could tell by looking at her that the woman was happier than anyone she'd ever known, and so deeply into the role she was living it as reality. If the systems were to suddenly go down, the devastation to her mind might be unrecoverable.
Each time another scene was built by her brother from all the research Renee performed, he succeeded in raising the bar. On this occasion, he'd raised it to a whole new plateau. The readings being recorded in conjunction with the video and audio feeds of the session would be analyzed for hours to extract the data to lead her brother to his next client's success and fulfillment. But for now, Renee was sure the combined effect would prove far more intense than anything they'd achieved to date.
She reflected for just a moment on where this all might end. She wondered if the clients, as she suspected, would require, or demand consecutively better experiences each time, and just how far they would expect to go before they'd had enough. Looking down at her brother now as he continued to minutely adjust his control panel, she wondered why she'd never been able to attract him to her. The wanton desire would simply never leave her.
Raintree Rampage, Inc., New York, NY, 2002, Room – Satia One
Ginger Granger was peaking. Her voice was horse with overextension. Her body was past its maximum output of energy. She was experiencing non-stop orgasms as her fans watched from beside her while the devices in her pussy and ass were flexing their insatiable muscle, and the breeze continued to blow the light material across her nipples. Her body couldn't take much more, though she appeared still crave yet another minute, one more throbbing minute of this still. Her voice raised another ten decibels as she racked through another driving orgasm.
Tears began to gather at the bottom of her eyes as she looked to either side at the faces of her fellow riders. They were beginning to turn toward her, warm with smiles, heads slightly bowed as if to begin to retreat from her presence. She admitted it was nearly time to stop, to relax from this wild ride of orgasmic and emotional ecstasy. She could take no more, no, she needed no more. She was satiated beyond any dream. She reigned in her steed and brought him to a slow walk. As the sound of applause emerged from the depths of her fantasy, the lights dimmed again to darkness and her world began to disappear.
The intruders on the horse's back withdrew from her body, leaving her holes with a kind of pleasing ache. The "horse" began a transformation back to its original form and within a minute she was back on her back, wrapped entirely in fur, with little more than the soreness and her unmistakable scent in the air to remind her of where she'd been only moments before. There was one more thing that did remind her of her pleasure, the fact that if she tried to stand up that moment, she'd never even be able to lift a leg. She was spent.
Raintree Rampage, Inc., New York, NY, 2002, Room – Control Room
"This session is complete, Renee," Richard said, continuing to shut down various controls and systems. "It would appear we were successful, no?" He smiled up at his stepsister, and his eyes lingered unusually on her for just a moment. He was taken back to that night in his room when she had caught him masturbating. She had intruded and yet made him feel very much at ease as she did so. He'd never forgotten the night that had turned both their lives to a new course, to one of mutual success in business through mutual effort and contribution.
All these years he'd wanted to take their relationship to another level, but had refrained, partly for the reasons of social prohibitions, and partly to insure their business success wasn't thwarted by a "relationship" gone sour. He didn't even know if she would accept his advances were he to offer, though she did exhibit signs of openness from time to time. He welcomed the occasional look of longing in her big beautiful green eyes.
Richard looked up at her now, into one of those longing looks, and offered, "I think she's going to need you in a minute."
Raintree Rampage, Inc., New York, NY, 2002, Room – Satia One
Renee knew what to do next. She pulled her wanton gaze from her brother's form and exited the control room. Over the next half hour, she massaged the muscles of their client and helped her dress. Throughout the process, the woman couldn't stop praising Renee and her "brother." She asked Renee what her own fantasies were like, and how often she was able to fulfill them in their amazing studios.
Renee felt empty with each question, unable to answer the woman with the truth for it would seem unbelievable. She dodged the questions with statements like, "This place is not about me, Ms. Granger, it's about you." she was not interested in the "rooms", but wanted only one thing, her stepbrother. It wasn't fair. He was capable of satisfying every woman who had asked, and yet he'd not satisfied her once at least outside the realm of using her as a test dummy. Granted, she'd never asked, but that was for a reason, she thought. There were times when she resented his ability to keep their relationship so brother/sister, or business-like. Never, she bemoaned, would he look at her with a truly interested eye.
She wanted so badly to change that fact, and yet she wasn't getting any younger. In contrast, her little stepbrother hadn't shown the slightest interest in any other woman, that is, beyond a physical and fleeting one. She'd never heard him talk of one, let alone seen him with someone. What was wrong? Was he gay? She considered this often, but wondered how he could be so sensitive to the feelings of a woman in his designs. And if he were gay, wouldn't he be building gay experiences?
She made one last survey of Ginger Granger's person and her face. The woman was beautiful, even without makeup. Her hat's wide brim would cover her face from any would be voyeur between their door and the star's waiting car. Her driver would have the door open to the non-descript vehicle and she would be gone before anyone at all even thought to take a second look at who she was. Another successful session was over, and thousands of dollars already in the bank were earned. Renee knew there would be a supplemental check sent to their P.O. Box for this afternoon's performance. Ginger was still walking on shaking legs as she left the building.
Raintree Rampage, Inc., New York, NY, 2002, Room – Control Room
Richard watched as his stepsister escorted their client out the far end of Satia One. She was as beautiful or more so than any of their clients, and much more normal. She had shyness and consideration for others. She truly cared about how he felt each morning when he arrived. She asked him often if she could make him dinner, or help with his apartment. He was sure she wanted to take their relationship further, but until now he'd refused to let that happen. They were too busy, to involved in their tasks to let that interfere. He told himself time and again that he'd have to settle for their business contact which was everyday anyway, until such time as they were deeply enough rooted to take some risk. He knew today, with the outstanding performance for Ginger Granger having been designed and implemented in less than a day, that their business was stable and able to get along without his continued undivided attention. The long hours and seven day work weeks were over. He had time, for the first time in his young business life.
Richard smiled and manipulated some controls on the now cleared Satia One, and brought the furred bed back into the space. He flipped a few more controls and rose from his chair.
Raintree Rampage, Inc., New York, NY, 2002, Room – Reception
Renee was startled by Richard's presence in the Reception room/library as she re-entered their space. The client portion of the day was over and there were things to do to wrap up and prepare for tomorrow. Why was Richard out of the Control Room?
"Hi," He said, taking her hand and closing the door behind her. He bolted the lock with his free hand and walked her back toward the hall to the "rooms." Stopping outside the room she'd just eased Ginger Granger from, he opened the door, and gently dragged his stepsister inside.
She could see that the long narrow bed was now vertical, though pretty much intact. It was facing the door now, instead of the wall where the video panel with the cityscape was. Richard walked her over to it, all the way removing piece after piece of her clothing. When she had not a stitch left on, he backed her into the soft fury platform, her face a bit reddened with a combination of rush and shyness. She was not there a moment before the cuffs locked her in, wrists and ankles, and the bed began to recline. There was no doubt her stepbrother had prepared a "program" for her, probably another test of something new, and was about to try it out. She smiled at his timid approach, but relaxed into her role and let things progress.
Richard walked around her, presumably to check everything out, and the lights went out even before he left the room. This was something new already. The room was suddenly in blackness, as the bed began to tilt her back, and revolve simultaneously. She was prepared immediately to next see the large video screen. What she was not prepared for was the image of her little brother walking toward her, naked and with a hardon as stiff and long and fat as she'd ever seen on him, which was seldom, and never with the intent to use it on her.
"Richard," the image, walked toward her with a determined look and a smile on his face. The legs of the bed parted then as if to enable the image of Richard to approach her. Her knees were forced up and her ankles pushed up and back to bring her thighs back along her upper torso, completely exposing her entire lower region.
The only light in the room remained the glowing image of her stepbrother as he stepped between her legs. Renee was amazed at how real this program looked. If she didn't know better, she thought, she'd swear her brother really was standing there at the base of her ass.
"Oh, Richard, if only…." She blurted uncontrollably. She wanted so badly this program to be the real thing.
Just then she felt the first contact with her pussy lips. A very realistic cock it seemed, was sliding up and down her slit as if to lubricated itself on the glistening petals of her cunt. "Ohhhhhhh…." She moaned, lying back and wishing, imagining it was Richard preparing to enter her deeply.
"Is this what you have wanted Renee, my sister?" A voice asked as she felt the first inch of the realistically warm cock enter her.
She opened her eyes at the absolutely realistic image and sensations at the base of her torso. This was almost too real, too good to be true. And if Richard knew how much she wanted him, why had he put an elaborate program together to fulfill her dream, rather than simply approach her himself? Again, her mouth preceded her restraint and she asked, "Richard? Richard, why is this not you between my legs, Baby? You know, don't you? That it is YOU I have wanted all these years?" She wanted the words back immediately, but they were out there now.
"But it IS me, Sis. It IS me, here and now. No more waiting." He smiled down at her and let his hands settle on her breasts.
Renee bent her upper body to raise her head as far as she could. Yes! It was the real Richard after all! Finally! Uncontrollably, she felt her hips jerk against his groin, trying desperately to pull him into her. "Oh my God, Richard! Oh, you feel so good, my darling brother…"
Richard smiled as he slipped his burgeoning shaft into her. He knew there were a lot of things he wanted to do to her, and now there would be plenty of opportunity to do so. "Our big push big push is over my sweet thing, and now we have the rest of time to concentrate on our own programs together." He smiled broadly down at her as he pinched her nipples and leveled his hips against hers, buried entirely himself within her.
end