"I wish we had brought something to drink when we came up." She said snuggling him as they bask in the afterglow.
He slowly gets up and smiles at her.
"We didn't need to." He replies, as he walks to the wet bar in the large room they have for the night. There he lifts up a new bottle of Crown Royal, retrieves glasses, ice and tonic. He even pulls out cut limes from the mini fridge.
"I asked them to stock this when I booked the room. Would you like to join me half naked in the dark on the deck outside?" He asks as he pours two generous drinks.
She stands up, and situates her nightie. Then greets him at the bar holding his boxers with one finger.
"Would you like these, or are you going to let it hang out for me to look at?" She says with a mischievous grin.
He takes the boxers and slips them on as she takes her drink and heads to the sliding door, making sure to lift the back of her nightie to flash her ass.
"Did we have this door open the whole time?" She asks walking through the door.
"Yep I left it that way because it was so nice out." Is his answer.
"Well I wonder how many people heard us?" Is her inquiry.
"Who knows but isn't that the fun?" He says.
She looks back at him and smiles as she sips her drink. The thought of being watched or listened to has always been a turn on for her, but she was now just really kind of exploring it. Knowing that she is seen with his hand in her pants, or fondling him in public is exciting. The most that she knows is that they probably have been heard, and well she was watched earlier getting fingered, that really turned her on. She has toyed with the fantasy of being watched secretly going down on him, or being bent over with him in her somewhere inappropriate. He has told her of his voyeuristic side. The fantasy of it turns her on also, but they haven't seen anything other than porn.
He joins her at the glass panel railing, looking out onto the other apartments and hotels near by. They are all about the same level as their accommodations for the night. Most are dark, but a few have a glow of a TV. One across the way catches her eye. A light comes on, and a female figure can be seen in a kitchen looking to be talking on a phone. As she walks around the island in there, she looks to be wearing only a long Tshirt. They watch as her body language gets more excited like something was about to happen, a kind of giddy dance around. She sets the phone down and darts for the bedroom. They watch as the lights come on. She quickly sheds the shirt and rummages through a drawer naked. With a flash she finds what is looked for and puts on a matching bra and panties. Her attention turns to the bed, pulls the covers back, and smooths them out. With a quick flourish she does a quick tidy up of the apartment, brushes her teeth, looks to unlock the door, and sits seductively on a couch facing the door.
"So do you think she is going to get a booty call?" She asks, finding that she is getting turned on watching so far.
"I think he's right there." He returns pointing at a motorcycle pulling up and parking.
The biker saunters into the building. It seems like an eternity before he comes through the door. He sets his helmet and leather jacket on the island. She stands and walks seductively to him. He wraps his arms around her and they begin to kiss. He whips her around, leans her into the bar and spanks her.
As they watch the booty call unfold, she finds her pussy starting to throb again. Each spank she watches makes her want one.
The booty call couple head to the bedroom. She helps him out of his jeans and shirt, to then drop to her knees and begin sucking him. The biker throws his head back and grips the girls head. It's not long before he is manhandling her onto the bed. Pulling her ass into the air as she is face down. They quickly start fucking.
She is so turned on watching this, she doesn't notice that he has gotten behind her. The feel of his hands going around her to nestle in her sex is very welcome. With one hand he spreads her lips and the other starts using the slickness of her pussy to rub her wet clit.
"What are you doing?" She inquires, enjoying his rubbing. "You know you might make me cum doing that."
"That's what I am shooting for. I want you to cum watching them fuck as I play with you." He softly says in her ear. "You want me to help you there while you watch?"
"Yes I do, but I can't get to you." She replies.
He doesn't say anything more just rubs circles, mixed with deep two finger dips in. She feels the lusty orgasm coming quickly from all of the excitement. As she watches the booty call lovers fuck, the excitement and elicit nature of what is happening is turning her on more. She soon feels the build of orgasm, but he starts to tease and edge. She gets very close to be teased away for a moment then brought back up. His cock is pressing into her backside through his boxers. She finally can't stand it, and puts her hand on his to tell him to finish the task. Her knees get weak as she shakes through the climax.
She hangs on to the railing as he takes her drink and sets it down with his. Pulling up one of the chairs to the rail he leads her to it so she can kneel on it holding on putting her at a better height to be taken from behind. She doesn't say anything just goes along with it. He drops the boxers and fills her as she watches the booty call couple change positions. He slowly goes in and out, just savoring the night air and sensation of being deep in her. The show has her so aroused that the easy pace absolutely washes over her. The next orgasm building subtlety. It gets so close then pours through her causing satisfied moans to softly work their way out.
"Take me inside." She whispers. "I need more than this chair can handle."
He pulls out and leads her in holding her hands. As the make the bed she drops to taste their sex on his cock. Slow deep sucks while she squeezes his ass making sure he is ready for more.
She kisses him deeply, then climbs on the bed. She leaves her ass in the air and lays her head on the mattress. He climbs on the bed to put himself back in her. One deep slow stroke finds his cock all the way in. Slowly he moves in and out, but that's not what she wants this time.
"Fuck me hard." Is her instructions as she slams her ass back at him.
He takes the cue, grips her hips firmly and begins to piston in and out fast.
"Harder, not just fast, fuck me harder!" She growls at him.
The speed fuck turns into a pounding that she could feel through her whole body. The intensity causing her mind to just go blank, while she grips the sheets is ecstasy. Her orgasm is not subtle this time. It blows through her so hard it rocks her.
He slows the pace to catch his breath and let her ease down. This gives him a chance to rub her slick backdoor with his thumb. It feels so good, the soft but firm circles make her moan softly. He then presses, her ass welcoming the sensation letting it dip in, causing more moaning.
"Will you be gentle?" She asks, enjoying his thumb.
"I promise." He replies. "I will go at your pace. You show me how deep you want me."
He pulls out and retrieves the lube from earlier.
"I don't think you will need that." She whispers.
"I am not going to take any chances." Is his reply, as he lubes up his member. He slips a slick finger to make sure she is ready. The deep dipped finger feels amazing, but she wants his cock.
He lines up and rubs back there with the head, to then press in slowly. Just in he starts a slow in and out.
"Show me how much you want." He softly tells her.
Pushing back she feels him getting deeper and deeper. Then something incredible, he touches a spot deep in that rolls pleasure through her. He starts slow in and out hitting that spot. A full body feeling starts to come over her. She finds herself pushing back gently to meet his motions. Each time it goes deeper and hits more of the spot. Her hand finds it's way to her sex. It only takes a couple of rubs before a full body orgasm boils through her. She starts rubbing faster and the boiling stays right at the top. She pushes herself over again rubbing in time with his cock, then speeding her fingers up to get close again. Sounds of "Oh fuck, please don't stop, and your cock feels so good", escape her over and over.
"Are you going to cum?" She breathlessly asks.
"Yes" he moans "Right now"
She can feel his cock pulsate in her as she joins him. The full body orgasm is such an incredible feeling her brain cannot process the ecstasy. With a few more blissful strokes, he eases out of her, then walks weak legged to the bathroom and washes his cock to play later. He returns with a warm washcloth to clean up the lube so they can cuddle. He snuggles up on the bed kissing her gently as she comes down.
"Was I gentle enough?" He asks
"You were perfect, so perfect I know I will want you in there again." She purrs. "Should we look and see if they are still playing?"
"They kinda turned you on didn't they?" He asks.
"Yes, more than I thought." She answers.
They get up and head to the balcony again. He grabs the glasses and pours another drink. Looking over they can see them cuddling and kissing as she slowly rides him.
"I like that idea." She says watching the slow sensual fucking through the window.
"Well shall we go in then?" He asks, taking a sip of his drink.
"No, lay back on the chaise lounge deck chair. I want to enjoy the cool air with you in me." She replies nodding to the chair while stroking his cock to get him ready.
It doesn't take any convincing on her part. He sucks down the rest of his drink, lays down on the chair to watch her come to him. She downs her drink, sets it down, and straddles him. They kiss for a while before she guides him in. Once again her slickness allows her to take him all in with one stroke. Slowly she savors every inch of him going in and out. His hands hold her perfect ass while she rides. Their kisses are soft and passionate. The pace is just right, a pace of just enjoying the intimacy of it rather than racing to climax. Ever so slowly they build up to it. The kisses get deeper and more intense the closer they get. They can sense the beginning of the orgasm in each other sending them over the edge. Moans and exclamations softly sneak out in the kissing.
She slows even more, but does not stop so she can keep him in.
"What time is check out?" She whispers in his ear.
"It's noon, but we have a mimosa breakfast service at nine." He softly answers.
"Well I don't think we will be leaving here before then, because I will want more of all of this in the morning." She coos.