Millie sat in her kitchen, a glazed look on her face as she looked out the window at the road in front of the house. She was halfway between daydreaming and zoning out; the cup of tea in her hand was cold and sagging at an angle that would have caused tea to spill out, if she hadn't already consumed over half a cup. But it had been in this position for over 15 minutes. She had sat with the tea after she got back from dropping the kids at preschool, but her mind had wandered, and instead of getting on with her chores she let her mind get away from her.
Part of that was caused by Arron walking past the window and waving. He was her neighbour, older than her, but still in good shape. He owned the big house next door, where he lived with his wife and three grown-up children; they could not be far from moving out now. Millie had always suspected he had a thing for her; he made a point of talking to her and often flirted. It was subtle, but it was flirting. If there was an opportunity to help her, he always took it, and most importantly, when she was in the garden in a swimsuit, he could always be seen in the window of his house doing something that meant he could look over at her.
For some reason this morning, on seeing him, she had fallen into her own thoughts about what he might fantasize about doing to her. This was new; she did not recall thinking about this before, and it was very odd for her to get caught up inside her own mind the way she had. But she was brought back to reality with a splash as the angle of the cup got just that little too great and tea dripped out over the table.
As she cleaned up, she pondered what had caused the lapse. Was it the January blues? It was only a week ago that Christmas decorations were up, and everybody was still in the new year buzz. Now everything was back to normal. She was on the evening shift today, off to work at 3 p.m. Her husband Ben would be picking the kids up later. She was free for almost 6 hours, and really should be getting the washing on, and catching up with the ironing, but no, she was daydreaming, and feeling a little down. Bored, even.
She finished cleaning up not only her mess, but also the kitchen generally, putting the rubbish it created in the bin, which was full and should have been emptied by Ben this morning when he filled it. She sighed, partly in frustration, pulled the bag out and after a little effort to make what was in there fit, managed to get the top tied. Millie took it to the door and out of the house to the bin at the top of the driveway. As she got there, she saw Arron walking back up the road, a bottle of milk in his hand.
"Morning," she called to him. "Chilly today."
"Hi, yes, it is. I wish I had put my bigger coat on to go to the shop." There was a moment's pause before he added, "You had an accident washing up?" as he glanced down at her belly.
Millie looked down and saw that the bottom of her t-shirt was wet. She was not sure if it was the tea or the cleaning up, but either way she was embarrassed to be out in public like that and felt herself blush. "Err, something like that," she replied. Something quite perverted and not what a polite married lady would think about flashed through her head, but the teasing element of it made her open her mouth before she had time to stop her thoughts translating into words. "Want to come help me dry it?" her voice had a devious sound to it, that surprised her.
"What?" Arron almost stammered, genuine shock in his voice, like he must have misheard.
"Sorry, having a boring morning. You want to come in for a cup of tea and a chat?" Millie said with a far more normal tone to her voice, but her thoughts were anything but normal. She was being very dirty inside her head.
"Yes, that would be nice," Arron replied with a smile, and started to follow her into her house.
Millie closed the door behind him and walked through to the kitchen, she motioned towards a seat at her kitchen table. It was something that made her smile every time she saw it. It was old, probably over 150 years old, a solid oak farmhouse kitchen table, with matching chairs. If was a heavy thing, two people could just about lift it and moving it to clean on your own was impossible. It was a beautiful and unspoiled item in a house that she felt the kids had completely taken over.
As Arron sat, she started to fill the kettle. As she plugged it in, she asked, "So, you have a good Christmas?"
"Yes, family up and all that. Made it busy, but it was nice, and we had a good time," his voice trailed off like he was going to say more, but got distracted.
Millie knew what distracted him: with her back to him she had removed the wet top and pulled a new one from the washing pile, pulling it over her head. She was sure that the thing really getting his mind going was the fact that she was not wearing a bra, which was obvious with her back to him and no top on. She was 29 and worked hard to stay fit; her breasts were not big, not small either, but pert enough so she could just about still get away without a bra.
She pulled the t-shirt down and turn back to face Arron, who looked a little shocked. She pulled her long blonde hair out of the back of the shirt where it had caught as she put it on. She ignored his shocked look and said, "Ours was much the same," pausing for him to follow her with his eyes as she walked to the cupboard and got a couple of cups out and put them on the side.
"You ever think that there must be more?" she asked, but did not wait for a reply before she went on. "You know, I am 29 and my life is work, kids, looking after the house, and a fuck once a week from Ben. I feel like I am too young and have too much I want to experience for this to be my life from now on."
She saw his eyes widen at the word "fuck" but he remained composed and as the kettle started to whistle said, "You mean like wanting to see the world?" He sucked in a breath, and continued, "I am quite a bit older than you, and I still want to see so much of what is out there."
Millie was pouring the water into the cups, splashing it onto the tea bags, and quite glad she was not looking at him as she replied.
"That is part of it, but what I really want is to feel desired, to have a man worship my body and take what he wants from it, the way I fucked when I was a teenager. You understand?" Her voice had a slight shake to it as she finished that line. If you told her this morning that she would say it today, she would never have believed you, but it was something that had gone through her head more than once in the last week, and Arron was now getting the outburst of that pent-up frustration.
She turned with the teacups in her hand and placed them on the table, aware of how uncomfortable Arron looked as she moved to the refrigerator and took out the milk.
"Errr, ummmm, isn't that a conversation you should be having with Ben?" Arron ventured, nervously.
"No, it is a conversation to have with a man with no vested interest that is likely to give me an honest answer." Millie spoke with more authority than she felt right now, the bluster of her starting this conversation was fading fast, and the schoolgirl scenario of him ripping her clothes off and taking her on this table was starting to feel exactly what it was--childish.
She set the milk down for him to pour what he wanted and looked him in the eye as she sat down across the corner of the table from him, her knee touching his as she did, somehow hoping he would rescue her from this situation she had started.
Arron cleared his throat, the way that all English people did when they are slightly uncomfortable.
"Right...honest," he began. "You are a beautiful woman," he paused for a moment, then with more steel in his voice that seemed to strengthen as he spoke, continued, "and I can't deny that I have noticed you, both how pretty you are and your amazing body, and when there is an opportunity to enjoy the view, I do."
She watched as a blush came to his cheeks as he took a breath, then one word, quiet, "Honest," before he continued in the same strong voice as before. "I have wondered what it would be like to get my hands on your body and to make you...errrr...cum." The level of red in his cheeks really flushed at that. "However, I am not sure that it's appropriate to be sharing that with you. I am pretty sure you are desired by most of the men you interact with." Again, a pause where he is clearly ordering his words carefully. "Us men all fantasize about nurses, and to be frank, you stand head and shoulders above any porn actress."
He sucks in air before finishing. "Sorry, that was probably inappropriate to say."
Millie felt a level of relief, he was engaging with the conversation and not leaving. "Does me being a nurse make me more desirable?" she enquired.
He looked at her directly for a moment. She could see some of the tension drain from his eyes as he looked at her. He opened his mouth to reply and stopped for a moment. There was something in his look as he put his hand on her knee where it was touching his and then he spoke, "Not as such." His voice was calm and soft now, like a weight had been lifted, which was not anything that had been said, so must be something in his thoughts.
"It adds to the fantasy; you are young, curvy, pretty, and this conversation excluded, generally easy to talk to. When you want to, you flirt in a way that is adorable. You make guys--well, me--feel like you are interested," Arron smiled as he said the last part, then sat back and took a gulp of tea.
Millie was slightly disappointed that his hand had gone from her knee, in the fantasy that was playing in her head alongside this real situation, he had moved it slowly up her leg, making her breathing heavy. She wondered if he noticed, as she calmed herself with reality before she spoke.
As she opened her mouth she put her hand on his leg, quite a bit higher than he had on her, probably at the limit of what she could get away with right now. Her voice was soft; she would never admit it to somebody else, but it was the voice that appeared when she was flirting. "So, you do desire me? That is pleasing to hear." She let that hang for a moment before adding, "What would you say if I told you that I had fantasized about you too?"
There was little delay in his response, "I would be flattered, but we all have our little inappropriate fantasies."
"Does that mean you are happy with it as fantasy, and don't want to turn it into reality?" her voice shook at the end of that. It was a sentence you couldn't take back, the sort of thing that could make every moment with him in the future uncomfortable.
"I didn't say that, but I am also not about to rip your clothes off and ravish you right here," he said with a smile. She pouted at him, in a scene that could have come straight out of a teen drama, and he laughed, a really relaxed laugh of a man that was enjoying himself.
"See, that is the type of flirting I mean. You did not even have to open your mouth," he laughed as he spoke.
"No fair," she said as she slipped her hand round from its position on top of his leg to his inner thigh.
She slowly rubbed up and down his thigh as she drained her tea, and then smiled at him, with what she thought were her best come-to-bed eyes.
"Careful, girlie, you don't want to spoil what you built," his voice had a slight edge to it. She knew he was aroused, but she also knew he was not going any further.
He stood slowly, and her hand slipped away from his leg. She felt the loss of his heat, but stood, too, to see him out. However, he put his arms around her as she stood and cuddled her in tight, she almost snuggled into his chest.
"Let's see how you feel next time we speak," he said and kissed her gently on the top of her head, before releasing her and making for the door.
"If you say so," she said in a mock hurt voice, and again he laughed.
As soon as he was out the door, she made for the stairs. She almost ran to her room, pulling her rabbit vibe from her drawer by her bed. She had not felt this turned-on in a long time. Millie undid her jeans and pushed them down, kicking them off as she pushed her panties down. She smiled as she did. These were not knickers that she would have wanted Arron to see anyway; they were big and not sexy at all, her granny pants. As she stepped out of them, she stopped herself just as she was about to jump on her bed, a thought that turned her on even more jumping into her head.
She hurried along the landing, wearing just her socks and the t-shirt she had pulled from the basket downstairs, and into the spare room. The curtains were already open, so she jumped on the bed.
The spare room faced Arron's house and the window was almost opposite Arron's study; if you stood at the window you could see into his study, and she was sure you could see into this room from it. And by her guess, where she was laying was very visible. Ideas and fantasies flooded through her head as she gently slid two fingers down either side of her pussy. The skin tension was enough to move her clit just a small amount, but she shuddered from pleasure. She looked across at the study window, but from this angle the glass was reflecting the clouds in the sky, and she could not see in. It did not matter; in her head he was standing there, hidden, watching her as her fingers came back up, moving just the slightest amount as they got to her clit, to glance against it. She moaned, her mind deep in the fantasy of being watched.
Millie bent her knees a little and moved her legs apart. Keeping her knees on the bed, as she grabbed the rabbit from where it had fallen on the bed, she twisted the bottom and the familiar gentle buzz started. She was glad she had charged it, whenever she had last used it! She let the tip of the device rest against her arsehole, the vibrations sending the right feelings coursing through her, as her other hand found her clit and with very gentle circular motion, she rubbed her clit. Her lips parted and she quietly gasped as her mind play the image that she wanted, which right now was Arron in his study, watching her, his cock in his hand, wanking. She moaned again at this thought of being watched, of him getting off to her, secretly watching her being an exhibitionist. She made a mental note to reexamine that later; she had never fantasized about being watched before, and exhibitionist was not a word that she applied to herself at all. That did not matter at this moment, though; she pushed the rabbit hard against her, the buzzing and vibrating feelings running hard up her arse, and along her back. She loved the feeling of her arse being played with--something Ben was not interested in--as she felt her hole open just the tiniest amount at the pressure she applied.
She could now feel that wonderful, almost electric sensation of an orgasm approaching. She dug her fingers into her clit, squeezing it between them and her body. The sound that escaped her lips was loud and carnal; Arron probably heard it in his study. Well, he did in her mind. She moved the rabbit, removing the pressure from her arse, and plunged it into her pussy. She gasped at the pain of that. Her pussy was so wet, but nothing she done had moved any of that wetness to the outer lips, and the skin caught against the dildo being pulled tight, in the movement. Millie did not mind the pain; she liked it, if anything, and anticipated it. Having completed this action before, she knew what to expect, and desired it. Something else she wanted to experiment more with, but Ben was not interested.
Millie twisted and moved the rabbit, the rabbit getting the end into just the right spot, pressing on the inside in the place that sent the vibrations up into her clit. It was like somebody suddenly turning the volume up to 11. "Oh god," she moaned into the air, as she pushed with her fingers forcing her clit between their pressure and the vibrations of the rabbit. Words from the fantasy running through her mind started to spill from her lips. "Spank me, Arron," was the first. The orgasm started to wash over her and the words, "Punish me. I have been so bad," started and faded from her voice as she was overtaken by the primal grunt that burst from her at the high point of her climax.
She lay there for a moment, heavy breathing, her chest rising and falling in what was almost an exaggerated movement, her nipples hard and tight against the fabric of the t-shirt. The rabbit was still buzzing away inside her, and as she moved it, the vibrations caught her just right to cause an aftershock. She moaned, as the smaller but more all-over-her-body climax rolled across her, she let the rabbit slip form both her grasp and her pussy. She was vaguely aware of it buzzing on the bed as she lay there, enjoying the moment, wondering if Arron was really watching her.
Arron closed his front door and leant back against letting out a long breath in a half-sigh of bewilderment. His heart was racing, as was his mind. Had Millie just tried to get him into bed? Millie! Arron had fantasized about Millie since the day she moved in with Ben. She was hot, and far too young for him, really. He kicked his shoes off and slowly climbed the stairs, pulling the tape he had just got at the DIY shop from his pocket. He walked into his study to repair the cable that had caused him to discover he was out of insulating tape. As he picked it up, he glanced out the window, and stopped dead. Frozen for a moment he watched out the window, at an almost-naked Millie, hands between her legs, one holding a small dildo. He felt his mouth drop open. She was looking directly at him; he felt his cheeks redden and turned away.
After a moment he shook himself. What the fuck was he doing? That was not Millie's bedroom. It was where their guests stayed. She was clearly putting on a show for him, and it would be rude not to watch. As he looked back to her naked body moving on the bed, he grabbed his phone and seconds later was filming the show Millie was putting on. He could feel his cock hardening in his trousers, but resisted the urge to touch it, because he knew he would mess up the video. He watched intently, noting the way she moved and touched herself. He especially noticed the force she used to thrust the dildo into her pussy. It clearly was not comfortable; he saw her body tighten and tense at the pain before relaxing again. She seemed to like that from the look on her face. He zoomed the camera in more, so the whole screen was filled with Millie; it was a shame there would be no sound with it.
She appeared to be speaking. Was she mouthing words to him, he wondered? He could not make out what she was saying and shrugged. If she wanted him to understand the words, she would have to be clearer. There were not many words before they seemed to trail off into her orgasm; she flinched and tightened as she let the feeling flow through her. His cock strained at his boxers as he watched one of the most erotic things he had seen in years. Moments later, she had a second smaller orgasm, which delayed him stopping the video by a couple of seconds. He stopped the film after her second orgasm and saved it, immediately moving it to the hidden folder on his phone. Any observer would think it was to hide it from his wife, but he would probably show her tonight. They had both discussed how attractive Millie was, and while Anna was straight, they had fantasized about some girl-on-girl action with Anna and Millie. However, while Anna was fine to see it, there was no way he wanted his kids or anybody at work to accidentally see it.
Arron looked back across, and Milie was still on the bed, gently playing with her pussy lips and clit. It wasn't masturbating, in the way you would expect. It was much more enjoying the afterglow, and relaxing. After a few moments she slowly slipped off the bed and went to walk out the room turning at the last minute and waving at him. Without thinking, he waved back with a smile on his face.
Millie was enjoying the post-orgasmic feeling, laying on the bed just gently playing with her clit. she had not cum that hard in a good while. She wished that she could see into the study; she was dying to know if Arron was watching her really. In the fantasy, he was, but she would probably never know. She stood up slowly and moved to leave the room. Just before, she turned and waved at the window, though she could still not see into well enough to tell if he was there. She thought she caught some movement behind the reflection of the sky on the window but dismissed it as her own wishful thinking. Millie walked back into her own bedroom and to the ensuite bathroom and quickly cleaned up the rabbit, before popping it back in the drawer and getting dressed.
As Millie turned into the road, she was tired. It was late; she had got off her shift at 11 p.m., and it was close to midnight as she got home. All day she had kept thinking about the morning, wondering if Arron had watched her. She felt a twinge between her legs now, as she thought about it. She turned into her drive and her heart almost bounced out of her chest. Her lights had swung across Arron's drive and illuminated him wheeling his bin to the top of it, ready for the morning. He stopped and leant on it as she parked up, and more quickly than usual got out.
"Evening. Late to be doing that," she commented nodding towards the bin.
"Yeah well, I forgot it after dinner, and you know they have been arriving about 7 a.m., recently." His voice seemed so relaxed and normal; clearly, he had not seen her. She felt her shoulders slump.
"Better take mine up too, then," she said, with the disappointment she felt tainting her voice.
He laughed, and started to walk back down the drive. Coming level with her, he moved across and leant on the wall facing her, as she grabbed the bin. "You know, if you are unhappy with your sex life, your first point of call really should be to discuss it with Ben." His voice suddenly had a very fatherly sound to it. Millie blushed; it really was awful that the sound of his voice just then turned her on more.
"I've tried. If I am honest, I don't actually think we are that compatible sexually." She made a point of looking him in the eye as she spoke. "He is happy with once a week in the missionary position, but I really want more...danger, variety, new experiences." There was a slight pause, then she added, "Maybe some more fetish type of thing." She swallowed and then finally added, "I was really turned on by the idea of being watched earlier, for example."
It was Arron's turn to blush; she only just caught it in the poor light of the streetlamps, but her heart did summersaults. He did watch! To confirm it, he said, "You would certainly make a good exhibitionist."
She smiled as she pushed the bin into place ready for the morning, then turned back to Arron who was now heading for the door of his house.
"If you got time, come around for a tea again about 09:30 in the morning?" she said, "I would love to continue the chat."
"OK," he replied, and waved as he continued to walk inside. "Goodnight. See you in the morning."
"Night," she called at his back, as he went through the door.
Millie had a spring in her step as she walked inside. The house was dark, apart from one light that Ben had left on for her. She could hear him snoring upstairs already. She was not ready to join him yet; the news she had just got had excited her, and she headed for the kitchen for some wine, and planned to spend 15 minutes in the living room with no panties on.
Arron closed the bedroom door, and shook his head. Anna was already in bed, and he started to remove his clothes. He stopped for a moment and looked at his wife; she still looked good for her 50 years. There was more grey than she liked to admit in her long, light-brown hair, but she was pretty with a round face, dark blue eyes, and graceful features. She was sitting reading something on her phone, her big beasts hanging. There was no way she could get away with no bra the way Millie had this morning. She looked at him staring at her. "What?!" she said.
"Nothing, just admiring you for a moment," he replied.
She laughed, and with a laugh in her voice said, "You're a daft git."
He removed the rest of his clothes, and jumped into bed, grabbed his phone and said, "I've got something you should see."
He queued up the video of Millie and gave the phone to Anna, letting her press play once she had hold of it.
Anna watched for almost a minute and then said, "She put on a show for you, there!" She kept watching until the end. Arron could tell she was aroused by watching Millie cum.
As soon as the video stopped, Arron cautiously said, "There is more to it than that."
He preceded to tell her about the conversation that he had with Millie and the invite to tea tomorrow. When he stopped talking, Anna's hand slipped down quickly for a feel of his cock, which wasn't rock-hard, but certainly was not flaccid either.
"You are enjoying this, then," she said with a smirk and an almost giggle.
"Oh, come on," he said. "Of course I am. Like you wouldn't, if our 29-year-old neighbour did that for you."
She laughed again, and replied, "I would probably rather it was Millie than Ben, if I am honest, especially after what you just told me." She paused and then with a devious note in her voice added, "although there must be a chance to educate the boy."
Anna was slowly and gently jerking Arron's cock now, slowly bringing it up to fully hard.
"So, what is your plan for tomorrow? You going to rail the little slut?" Anna's voice had a jovial sound to it, but Arron knew she was serious.
"I hadn't planned anything yet; I wanted to speak to you first," he replied honestly.
"If she gives you the chance, pound her hard. But bloody well make sure you get some film; I want to see it," Anna said, as she squeezed his cock, and started to jerk him more robustly. He knew her other hand was between her legs playing, and he moved his hand to cover hers and replace it, flicking her clit. With the same jovial tone she continued, "And make sure you find out if she would be up for fucking me, too."
Arron slipped a finger inside her, and she moaned at the end of the sentence. He replied, "I will do the one thing I had planned, which was to find out what she wants to do, how far she wants to go with things."
His thumb pressed hard on her clit, and she whimpered. As he moved in closer, and whispered into her ear, "Imagining that was Millie's tongue?"
Anna grunted, but did not reply. He felt her push into his hand. Arron circled her clit and pressed hard as she moaned. He pulled away from her and quickly dove under the covers, worming between her legs quickly. Grabbing on to each with his arms, he pulled himself in. Anna let out a carnal moan as his tongue sensually worked its way up her vulva and to her clit, where he dug it in under her clit and sucked up her clit into his mouth. She almost screamed out as he sucked it between teeth that were just a little too close together. He felt every contour of it as it passed over his teeth.
Arron tightened his grip of Anna's legs pulling her into him and stopping her from moving as he flicked her clit with his tongue. "Oh Jesus," she moaned, and squirmed, trying to get away but he just pulled her in tighter. He pushed her slit back and forth between his teeth, as her squirm became more of a fight to get away, while she moaned and tensed.
As she orgasmed, he just kept going, no let-up. Her squirm became more of a twist and push with her legs, trying to stop him, to break the pressure on her clit. "God, no, stop, I can't..." she breathlessly moaned.
He gently bit her clit, and her hands came down pushing hard against the top of his head, as he felt her shake at the electric energy coursing through her body. She seemed to whimper as he released her. His face was covered in her pussy juice; she was as wet as he could ever recall. He slowly crawled back up her body, and as he did, she raised her legs high and then pulled her knees towards her chest, and whispered, "Put it in my arse."
Arron smiled; it was not that often that Anna asked for anal. She was reminding him how good fucking her was, before he potentially had Millie in the morning. As he moved up her more, his cock got to about the right place. He moved his hand down to guide his cock. He found her pussy and moved down; her arsehole was covered in the runoff of her pussy juice, and he pushed at it.
As was always the case, Anna's arse resisted. He wasn't sure if this was natural or if she tensed to make the initial penetration hard, and she would never tell him. All she would say when he asked was, "You like that, don't you? Well, don't spoil it." As he applied more pressure, slowly but surely her sphincter gave way and let the head of his cock slip in. As always, it was tight, and he could feel the muscles moving. She let out a half-gasp, half-moan as the head of his cock settled inside.
He took a firm grip of her legs, pressed against her chest as they were, and pushed hard. His shaft moved slowly up her. He felt skin catch here and there, pull slightly, then release, as he went. Anna had moved a hand between her legs and was very gently rubbing her clit. When he stopped pushing, she let out a breath he had not even noticed her holding. He withdrew so just his head was in her. Then, with a forceful motion, he thrust in hard. There was a gasping grunt from Anna as he did. Considerably more of his cock disappeared into her before he stopped.
He slowly started to withdraw again, and when he got to just the head in, Anna moaned, "Pound it hard; try and break it."
Arron did as was instructed and thrust in with everything he had. Less than a second later, his balls hit against her arse cheeks, as she took his entire length with ease. There was no pause; he withdrew and thrust in again and again. He could feel his muscles straining and his breathing becoming more laboured as he worked hard to pound as hard as was humanly possible.
Anna was now rubbing hard; he could feel her hand moving under him as he pounded her arse. It almost hurt, the power he was putting in, but he was loving it.
"That's it," she whispered. "Harder! Try and hurt me," her words were soft and erotic. Arron could feel the tightness of her sphincter on his cock, almost feeling the veins being compressed as they passed through. He was in mid-thought on that as Anna started to cum again. He felt all of her tighten--especially the muscles in her arse, squeezing his cock, making the thrusting harder--but he didn't stop.
Her grunting that accompanied each thrust stopped as she climaxed, turning into a moan, then something that was akin to a contented sigh. Arron could hold on no longer; he thrust in balls-deep again and held it there as the ropes of cum sprayed from his cock into her arse, deep and tight in there. "God that feels good," she moaned.
Through uneven and loud breathing, he managed to breathe the word," Ditto."
Arron collapsed onto her, then rolled to the side, so they were laying side by side again, but his cock was still in her arse, slowly going soft. As he lay there, his breathing because more normal, as did Anna's.
"Bet she does not let you do that tomorrow," Anna laughed.
Arron smirked and sort of giggled, before replying, "No, I bet not." There was a pause, then he said, "She is most focused on the need to be desired than the actual fuck."
He thought for a moment then added, "I think it is more of an emotional need than a physical one."
"You will need to manage that, then," Anna said, suddenly sounding more business-like, "and actually, we should probably get them both involved, help them out, as well as satisfy our desires."
"You mean get them swapping with us?" Arron mused.
"No, not as such; more getting them both sexually involved with us. I want my turn on Millie."
Arron did not reply to that. He was already working on scenarios in his head as he cuddled into Anna, and started to feel the pull of sleep. Just then, his now-soft cock slipped from her arse, but he was too exhausted to do anything about it.