I thought it was going to be another bus ride home. No not this occasion. My girlfriend and myself were taking our usual bus home after work. We work at the same law firm in down-town. It was late afternoon and the sun shone through the bus windows casting shadows.
We had decided to sit at the back of the bus where we usually sit, at the very back seat. For whatever reason we sat at the centre so we can look down the aisle towards the front of the bus. I am sure the driver can see us. I don't know why but very soon we found out why we unconsciously sat on that very visible position.
My girlfriend Julie is a slim petite Asian lady of Vietnamese descent. She is one beautiful sexy lady with very fair skin. We have a very active sex life and we both like to make out in public areas. We have done everyone's usual place, such as in the car, parks, beaches etc, but we have never gone as far as on public transport, yet alone what was about to happen that day. The bus wasn't particular full, maybe half full but enough to create that ambience. Crowded buses tend to be too noisy and empty ones lacks atmosphere.
That day wasn't plan but we were both feeling a little more hot for each other. There's more touching and the attraction was evident. As I said nothing was on the agenda and everyday can be spontaneous with us.
There we were, at the back of the bus and so much looking forward to being together. There was a scattering of people of varying ages on the bus that afternoon. Single males, single females, couples and a few school age kids on the way home.
We had our arms around each other and lightly kissing. Julie was a beautiful woman, so it was so electrifying to be close to her, touching her. She had very petite features. I have always felt nothing less than lust for her, ever since I first laid my eyes on her. Our attraction for each other was no different from any other loving couple. But maybe we were more carefree in such an open public space.
Most couple we know were more inhibited about their affection for each other but we were certainly a little more adventurous than most.
As the minutes ticked on, our touching became more intense and frantic. Maybe we forgot where we were. I was running my hands up and down Julie's leg over her dress. She was running her hands ever lightly over my thigh, but not yet touching my crotch. My hardness was evident and I can feel the pre-cum spotting underneath my pants. There was a smell of heat from Julie and our breathing was now more heavy. Her perfume was playing with my senses. We all know what's it like to be so close to someone you are hot for. It's electrifying.
I think we may have caught someone's attention. As I was lightly kissing Julie, I can see in the corner of my eye a single male move closer to us from my right and a couple of others had their heads turned. Our body language and heavy breathing has got the attention of a few people.
Truth is I didn't even realize the sounds we were making, but I was feeling adventurous and I didn't care if we were getting some attention. It was actually turning me on. I looked at Julie's beautiful eyes and whispered to her that there is a whole lot of people watching us. She looked back at me with a little wicked sparkle in her eyes and continued to kiss me. "I feel really turned on," she responded. There was a feeling of electricity in the air between us. Still feeling a little nervous I followed her lead and proceeded to run my fingers down her thighs, lifting her dress up, exposing her panties. She opens her legs a little and I ran my fingers over her soaking panties and ever lightly over her inner thighs.
I can smell her sex, her arousal. Julie is now breathing quickly. She is really turned on, to a point of no return. I was feeling the same. I wanted to masturbate her right there, in front of these strangers, to relieve her. My fingers are now wet from touching her through the damp fabric. I can feel her pubic mound through her sheer panties. I can hear her start moaning quietly, "Oh yeah, please yes." As she urges me on with heightened arousal. I can feel her need for relief.
But instead I sit back to watch Julie for a moment hoping she will even relieve herself. People are now whistling and calling out. "Oh my god!!" in disbelief. I have watched her masturbate before and it was extremely exciting to watch. I can see the lust in her eyes and the pleasure on her blushing face as she nervously runs her fingers over her body slowly. She is even running her fingers over her wet panties as she spreads her legs further apart. She is now squirming on the seat. I was very turned on watching. She begins to moan. Everyone falls silent watching and listening intensely. The look of pleasure and lust on their faces was evident. My cock was iron hard as I continued watching my lady pleasure herself. Her moaning was really turning me on. I almost couldn't bear to watch or even listen. This is a very intimate moment but shared with complete strangers. I can see a lot embarrassed faces. Some people couldn't watch. But Julie continues to slowly rub herself while staring at a couple on her left with pleasure written all over her pretty face but not quite exposing her pussy. The couple staring back with very aroused looks on their faces. Her own face blushing with nervous excitement, moaning with heightened arousal as if she was masturbating herself in private. There was no holds barred here. She 'played' with her herself as if she was alone.
As much as I wanted to see Julie masturbate herself to orgasm, I sat back next to her to continue where I left. I continued to run my fingers over her inner thighs and continued to kiss Julie on her sexy lips, her neck and her now exposed breasts, as I begin making love to her in a public place. She is moaning relentlessly now, her body heaving in pleasure. She smelt so perfect, her perfume controlled my mind. I can hear the distant sounds of people taking pictures with their mobiles and filming us.
The chatter and edging on continued from the spectators and I continued to be bolder and go further. Julie was now moaning loudly in excitement as I continued caressing her. Her arousal was really turning me on, so I lifted her dress higher up and proceeded to open her legs further apart. As I did that the crowd were cheering "Come on, go on." There was plenty of chatter and whistling from the small crowd now.
I went back to rubbing Julie's pussy through the fabric, and then brought my fingers to my nose, breathing in Julie's pussy aroma, then inserting those fingers into her mouth so she can taste them. I can see she was blushing slightly as I ran my fingers in and out of her sexy lips. The crowd got quieter as the chatter became, "Oh my god, Wow, Unbelievable," to dead silence. But I can feel all the strangers embarrassment, as I continued stroking her private parts. Julie continued moaning, "oh yes, oh please."
She is now stroking me through my trousers. I was ready to burst, but not just yet, as I parted Julie's legs even more. She was literally spread eagled now. She looked so stunning lying there. I can hear someone cry out, " He's really going to do this here, in front of us!."
Julie is now moaning louder as I slowly pulled the fabric of her panties to one side, exposing her glistening slit covered in black pubic hairs neatly trimmed and running down the insides of her white thighs. "Oh god yesssss!!," Julie cries out in resignation, as I finally exposed her. Her head rolling from side to side in excitement. Her face blushing red. Her hips gyrating up and down in anticipation. So there she is, spread eagled for all to see, her beautiful hairy pussy. She looked stunning lying there, exposed. I just wanted to go down on her. "You look so beautiful," I whispered to her.
There is an instant reaction from the audience, as they see Julie's private parts for the first time, "Wow, ohhhhs, ahhhhs and OMGs." Again someone calls out, " Oh my god, he's really going all the way."
The audience then becomes quiet and all you can hear is light groans, gasping and heavy breathing, interspersed with more OMGs and some swearing in the background. Some were holding their breaths, in anticipation of my next move.
The clicking of cameras and mobiles in the distant continued wildly. Julie didn't seem to care if a whole bunch of people were watching. It seem to intensify her arousal as her hips started to move up and down involuntarily with excitement. And she is moaning relentlessly with that excitement.
I now wanted to masturbate her to orgasm in front of everyone who dears to watch. Something we would normally do in our own privacy. I begin to spread her legs wider and then proceeded with eagerness, to spread her beautiful pussy completely open, exposing her chunky inner labia and vulva covered by a layer of creamy secretions. I used both hands to hold her outer and inner labia open so everyone can see the insides of her vulva, displaying her wet creamy insides.
Julie's now moaning continuously with quicken excitement as I deliberately displayed her. She is repeatedly moaning fast now, "Oh god, oh god yes, I'm so hot now." The audience starts to chat in stunned quietness, "Oh my god, this is unbelievable," repeatedly and then quiet in disbelief. A woman moans out loudly, " Oh god, oh my god!"
I then ran my fingers around her chunky inner labia playing with her secretions and up to her now exposed clitoris. The same female voice was heard gasping, "OMG," repeatedly. The mobiles were going crazy. I then put my fingers now covered in her creamy secretions to my nose to breath in deeply the distinctive fishy smell of her pussy, then into my mouth, then into hers. She sucked then clean with heightened excitement, like it was going to be her last chance. Again that same female voice was gasping, "Oh my god. Oh my god."
Julie continues moaning, " Oh yes, oh god yes." There was more, " Oh my god, this is unbelievably," coming from the onlookers. More heavy breathing and gasping in disbelief from the stunned audience. There were a lot of embarrassed red faces watching us, as we went about our private business in public.
Suddenly it seem like the bus has gone quiet as I continued to run my fingers through Julie's open crusty labia, stroking her insides. Then I ran my fingers up and pulled back her prepuce to fully expose her now enlarged clitoris. The only sound was of Julie moaning in pure pleasure. I was having trouble controlling her body movements now as I continued to slowly slide my fingers in and around her opened pussy, massaging her. Every now and then I would place my fingers into my mouth to taste her and to use my saliva as more lubricant. The audience quietly still watching us in stunned silence.
Julie was so aroused now and breathing so heavily that I wanted to finish her off and masturbate her to orgasm. I placed my finger tips onto her clitoris and started to rapidly rub and massage her exposed clitoris with speed. It created a squishing sound throughout her moaning. Again the chatter started as the small crowd sworn with disbelief, but it just served to encourage me more to finish Julie off. It just turned me on more and more. I wanted the audience watch her orgasm. She was now out of control as her body heaved and her hips gyrated up and down. Her legs opening and closing with the approaching loud earth shattering orgasm.
Julie is moaning uncontrollably. A woman in the crowd calls out "Oh my god she's cumming, she's actually going to cum now." Julie's juices exploded out towards the now stunned audience. Her juices dripping on the seat and floor for all to see. "Arghhhh!, Ohhhhh!." She screams out continuously, as she finally orgasms. The bus fills with the new smell of fresh pussy cum. Everyone watches in stunned silent, shocked at what they were witnessing. Julie body is still twitching, convulsing from the orgasm, her legs moving involuntarily in pleasure.
I wanted to masturbate her quickly a second time for all to see. Put on a great show. I can see people continue using their mobiles to film. Instead Julie begins to masturbate herself.
She begins to insert her fingers in and around her pussy and then reinserting in her mouth, enjoying her own juices and aroma. Then placing her wet fingers on her clitoris, she quickly rubs her little man now enlarged rapidly. She is now moaning "Oh yeah, oh yesss, oh god yes!!" loudly. The audience watches in sheer pleasure and embarrassment, silently now as my beautiful Julie masturbates herself fully spread eagled on the seat for everyone's pleasure. My eyes intensely watching as my lady's body then goes into convulsions. Again strangely some people couldn't watch as her orgasm approaches. Their hands covering their eyes. Her moaning turning on everyone. That lady calls out again "Oh my god, oh my god." Again her body is out of control but this time on her own doing. It was actually quite pleasurable watching her masturbate herself without my help. Again her juices exploded out, but her orgasm seem stronger, her body a convulsing squirming wreck. Even what seem like a minute she was still quivering.
But I wasn't done yet, I immediately rapidly fingered her vagina into a blur with 2 fingers, until her juices started to make that audible sound. Julie is now moaning louder and begging, "Oh please make me cum, oh please make me cum, Oh god it feels so good." She is now approaching another orgasm as crowd looked on in disbelief. Again her body became a heaving wreck as her small frame absorbed the full impact of her orgasm. Again her cum juices exploded out. Her legs opening and closing involuntarily. Again she screams out, "Arghhhh!! Oh god!!." The bus smelt distinctly of her juices. I slowed down my fingering to a slow in and out. Then took then out for her lick clean. Again the onlookers were all gasping with disbelief and in shock at the spectacle unfolding before their eyes.
But I still wasn't finished yet as I knelt down before her and proceeded to go down on her very wet pussy lapping up her juices. That distinct flavour and odour of her pussy filled my scents, mixed with the smell of fresh cum juice. The small crowd again goes quiet as I eat her until her next orgasm. Once again Julie's is out of control heaving, her legs splayed wide open, gyrating her pussy all over my face and moaning rapidly. She's talking dirty now, telling me to, "Eat me, please eat me, oh god it feels so good, ohhhhh," in her high pitched feminine voice. All the while throwing her head from side to side in sheer pleasure. She is forcing my head into her gyrating heaving hips. I was drowning in her pleasure.
I can hear the audience talking and swearing in disbelief and a few OMGs from the females passengers. The younger passengers watching in embarrassed silence, as they witnessed the never seen sexual performances in front of them. There was a lot of heavy breathing from the audience by this stage. Julie is now moaning loudly, " I am cumming, watch me cum!!." The crowd falls intensely quiet interspersed with Julie's moaning talk and the continued chatter of, "Oh my god," from everyone. The audience is blushing with pleasure on their faces.
Her orgasm once again earth shattering as she grasped the back of my head and proceeded to gyrate her hips on my face drowning me. There was little doubt she was enjoying herself. I will ask her what it felt like cumming in front of a whole crowd of strangers. This time I sucked in all the fresh cum as her orgasm exploded in my face. I quietly licked away up and down her whole private area as the audience quietened down to a chatter of disbelief and groans of pleasure.
I got off my knees and whispered in Julie's ear. She responded with a slight blush and an "oh god yesss, oh yes please."
I turned to the onlookers and pointed to one of the strangers, summoning him to come over. It was the first guy who approached earlier. I whispered to him, " Would you like to go down on my lady." Needless to say a wide grin ran across his eager red face as he said, "Yes, yes, yes would love to." He walks over sporting a large bulge in his pant.
The stranger quickly gets down on his knees and using both hands lifts Julie's ass up to reposition her, then completed opens up her legs spread eagled. Even exposing her anus to the onlookers. Julie uses her hands to spread open her pussy with eagerness, allowing the stranger a clear view of her beautiful pussy. Julie moans and let's out a little, "oh yes, yes." He runs his nose over her exposed pussy and takes in a deep breath inhaling her aromas, then proceeds to expose her clitoris more by pulling back her hood. He takes a moment to observe her beauty then quickly goes down on her hard clit lapping away like a puppy. Julie is going crazy as the stranger firmly licks her hard clitoris relentlessly fast now. He holds her legs firmly open, controlling her movements. As she approaches orgasm he slows down to lick between her inner labia tasting her. He's sucks and chews on her labia until they were clean.
Some of the audience were in raptures, more enthusiastic as they imagine it maybe their turn to taste that Asian pussy.
The strangers tongue drove Julie to another uncontrollably orgasm. This time I held open her legs as he finished sucking up Julie's cum juices.
Then he quickly lifts Julie's bottom up to expose the light pubes running down her perineum to either side of her anus. The man then does something I haven't done with Julie. He begins to lick furiously at her anus. Then suck on her brown hole like an ant eater looking for some.. well ants.
Julie was moaning wildly, "oh noooo, oh yeah, oh god," as the man cleaned her up with his tongue. Julie moaned in embarrassment and excitement as the assault continued. She has never had anyone put their face down there. Her body a little tense. She wasn't sure she was clean enough or even smelt right. Only this stranger knows now. But the excitement was just too great, it covered her embarrassment and humiliation. Then he goes a step further and licks up a finger which he inserts into her anus. He pumps his finger in and out fast causing Julie to cry out in pleasure and pain. She moans in embarrassment with every movement in and out. After a few minutes the stranger was satisfied as he let Julie slump back on the seat.
As he got up Julie unexpectedly grabs his hand and whispers to him, "Let me please you, let me finish you off," as she lightly grabs his large bulge in his jeans. He turns to her and shakes his head with a satisfied grin. But Julie then proceeds to take off her panties and hands it over to him. He immediately grabs it putting the crouch of it to his nose and walks away with a very wide grin, back to where he was standing. A couple of guys approach him wanting to touch and smell Julie's damp panties.
I was so aroused now after watching that. I sat back next to Julie and she begins to work on me. The crowd continue chatting as Julie begins to massage me through my pants. My trousers are damp from pre-cum and my penis was as hard as an iron rod. She slowly works me up, stroking me, kissing me all over like first lust. My god I felt so aroused. The strange eyes are on me now and I never felt so horny, so turned on. I was now enjoying what Julie experienced moments earlier.
My hips moved up and down out of control as my beautiful Julie worked me up in public, making love to me. The small crowd watches quietly in anticipation. The moment has come as Julie begins to unzip my pants. She pulls out my very hard penis and begins to peel back the foreskin exposing my pre-cum covered head. I moan with pleasure. She stares into my eyes with her beautiful eyes and whispers, "you going to love this, oh yeah." She slowly pulls my foreskin back and forth driving me crazy. I am so turned on. I can see all the bulging eyes and opened mouths of everyone watching closely. The chatter continued as everyone remained in disbelief.
"Oh yeah," Julie continues as she massages my iron rod slowly. She is running her delicate fingers lightly from my testicles, along the length of my cock, to the top of my head. Up and down and then massaging my balls ever so wonderfully.
She then bends down flickering my head with her tongue and dribbles her saliva onto my head. Then she uses her left hand to twist and massage the saliva over the head. Oh my god she was torturing me with her twisting hand. She has told me this is her favourite technique for turning guys on, something she has learnt in previous lives but that's another story. She knew what she was doing to me. Her beautiful smile said it all as she enjoyed controlling my responses. She continued dripping her saliva and twisting, rubbing it over my whole length, up and down. She was bringing me to the edge of no return.
My hips go into its up and down motion in sync with her up and down movement of her hand. I am going crazy with pleasure. She begins to kiss me, making love to me in front of everyone. I can feel the lustful stares of the audience feasting upon the action unfolding live.
Then she stares deep into my eyes again, whispering to me, "I am going to make you cum hard, I am going to really masturbate you soon." I feel a little overwhelmed and embarrassed as Julie shared our private intimacy in front of everyone. The bus goes quiet as she begins to finish me off. You can hear a pin drop now.
Her massaging, her perfume is sending me to heaven, I am moaning relentlessly now. My body is losing control now. Her dirty talk is sending me to my final destination very quickly.
She starts to spit saliva onto my penis like a real slut and picks up her pace.
I am now feeling what she was experiencing moments earlier, sheer pleasure. Sheer pleasure enhanced by the very public way this is happening. She stares lustful into my eyes, waiting for the right moment. Her sexy smile driving me insane. I let out more moans, my body is out of my control now, she senses the right moment. She dirty talks me encouraging me, edging me on, "Oh yes, oh yes, you love it don't you, you love me to finish you off in front of everyone!" She does a few final twist of my penis head, sending me to heavens gates, then down and up. A lustful smile appears on her face as she bites her lips in anticipation.
Then without warning she quickly furiously pumps my penis with her left hand as fast as she can into a blur, driving me wild. I throw my head side to side and back, as she continued her relentless masturbation. The sound of her handjob filled the small space interspersed again with the odd chatter amongst the crowd. Julie is panting heavy short breathes now but continues her dirty talk, " Oh yeah, that feels good doesn't it?, I going to make you cum hard, are loving what your darling Julie is doing to you?, oh yeah." My hips move up to meet her pumping hand. I call out her name in pleasure, " Oh Julie, oh Julie!." I open my eyes briefly to see the lust in the eyes of a couple staring in silent right at me on my right with wide eyes. I am so turned on by this as I finally let it go. Ropes of white cum stream out of my cock in one second pulses. Flying everywhere, all over my chest, over Julie, who doesn't slow down and appears to be pumping even faster, ensuring I thoroughly enjoy her handjob masturbation and until I am completely finished. I open my eyes to see Julie's pretty face grinning, licking her lips, breathing heavily, short of breath from the her pumping effort.
Suddenly the alarm goes off. I sit up quickly and realize immediately I was having a beautiful wet dream. I smile as I see Julie lying next to me in bed.
I began to grin, as I thought about what I am going to do to Julie tonight. I going sniff and lick her nice brown hole. It will be a surprise. I am not going to let her know about my surprise. I am just going to do it.
I grin a bit more and began to wake Julie up, "We can't miss our bus darling."