I wanted to write this story, not only to entertain but to reinforce the ideal that during our lifetime we make choices and there are always consequences for those choices we make. Sometimes the consequences are great and work out well while other times the consequences are not so good and we have to be willing to accept the penalty for our bad choices.
As the story unfolds there will be detailed descriptions of some events while at other times there will only be passing information so you will have an idea what the characters have been through before we get to the climax.
This story is very long and has many true facts about one family's life and lifestyle. The names of the characters have been changed to protect the persons involved.
You may want to read chapter one first so you will have an idea what our characters have been up to.
For the record: All characters in this story are legal aged!
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Donna and I opened our pool after the cold weather passed and on many nights we ate dinner on the patio by the pool, then relaxed before going skinny dipping. With Donna being nude all the time I could easily watch her belly grow. On many occasions I would bend down and kiss her belly and talk to the baby as if it was already born.
Donna had heard from both her mom and my mom how difficult summer time pregnancies were but Donna didn't really mind it at all. The minute she stepped into our air conditioned home, she went directly to her bedroom and striped off all her clothes and remain nude. The only time she wore anything when at home was when she was cooking and that was just an apron. Also when Donna got the urge she would go out on the patio and slip into the pool and enjoy both the warm sun and the sparkling water of the pool.
When I returned home I would also go directly to the bedroom and strip off my clothes. Being in the rural area like we are, both Donna and I work inside as well as outside our home, while completely naked. No one ever visits us so there's no need to wear clothes or keep something close by in case company showed up at the door. Being nude at home was as natural as being dressed at work for both Donna and I.
Anytime we had the urge to have sex we'd stop what we were doing and start sexual foreplay before ending the session making mad passionate love. It didn't matter to us whether we were in the back of the house, in the pool area or even in front of the house, we are in love and share our love for each other any place and any time.
Despite being pregnant, Donna keeps herself in shape. She worked out a fitness plan with her doctor which she can maintain even though she was carrying the baby. Originally Donna had very small breasts before she got pregnant and she was proud of her 32A size breasts. Now they had swelled some and when she had to wear a bra, she was finding that her new 32C bra was getting tight. Donna knew her breasts would swell up with the pregnancy but she really didn't like all the extra baggage her swelled breasts presented.
Donna maintained a completely bald pubic area, pussy and ass crack even though she was pregnant. She knew I loved the see and feel of her smooth pussy. Donna was friends with a woman named Sally who owned a salon and when it was time for a waxing, Donna would call and make an appointment. Donna was seven months pregnant and decided that she needed to be waxed so she called Sally and set up an appointment.
On the day of her appointment Donna arrived at the salon and saw Sally sitting at the front desk. Sally told Donna one of her staff had a family emergency and would be out for a couple of days. Sally explained to Donna that she was working short-handed could reschedule her to a different day next week because she had to work the desk and couldn't do her waxing.
Donna asked if she could come back after hours for a waxing but Sally said she had to get home right after she closed the shop. Donna told Sally she really needed to be waxed but Sally warned her she only had one other staff member working that is qualified to do waxing. Donna asked if she had any appointments open and Sally corrected her by saying, Carlos is a male not a female.
As soon as the shock appeared on Donna's face, Sally explained that even though Carlos was a male, he was also gay and many of her female clients preferred to have Carlos wax them in the same areas that Donna wanted done.
Donna's mind immediately went into high gear thinking the only males who have ever seen her pussy was her husband Matt and her doctor. After much deliberation in her mind and the fact that she really needed to be waxed because she started to itch down there, and given the promise by Sally that she would check in on her from time to time, Donna finally agreed to let Carlos wax her pubic, pussy and ass crack smooth.
Sally took Donna to a room where she nervously stripped off her clothes and put them in a locker. She picked up the hospital type gown and put it on then she sat down on the edge of the bed and picked up the magazine to read while waiting for Sally and Carlos to come in.
About five minutes later there was a knock on the door before the door opened slowly. Sally peeked around the door and asked if Donna was ready. Donna replied, "As ready as I will ever be."
Sally walked into the room followed closely by a dark tan skinned male. Sally introduced Donna to Carlos and immediately Donna could tell by Carlos's actions and speech that he was indeed gay. That didn't make Donna feel much better but gave her some comfort she wouldn't be raped before, during or after being waxed.
Sally helped Donna move around the table and get into position. Because Donna wanted her ass crack waxed, Sally had Donna slide down on the table and then put her feet in the stirrups and then Sally spread the stirrups very wide apart. When Sally was finished, not only was Donna's ass crack spread wide open so was her pussy. Donna was spread so wide she had nothing left to the imagination. Sally unknowingly licked her lips before turning to Carlos and telling him to treat Donna with care since she was pregnant.
Just before Sally had to leave and go back to the front desk, she asked Donna if she was ok with everything. Donna gave her a nervous smile and said, "Yes, but then again, I don't have much choice do I?" Meanwhile Carlos stepped between Donna's legs and both Donna and Sally heard and very audible intake of breath. Carlos said, "I beg your pardon Donna but I couldn't help myself, you are very beautiful!" He went on to say, "Coming from a guy who is gay, you should take my comment only as a compliment."
Donna was a bit more nervous because now, even a guy who was openly gay had congratulated her on the appearance of her bald pussy.
Sally asked Carlos, "Can you handle her waxing or will I need to get Donna another appointment?"
Carlos looked at Sally and Donna while apologizing for his outburst and told both of them, "I have waxed many ladies and I won't have a problem waxing Donna."
Sally said she would be back in the few minutes to see how things are going and both Donna and Carlos nodded in agreement.
Carlos started the waxing and although ripping the hair out by its roots is a painful process, Carlos was very tender and considerate in how he touched Donna. Carlos was also took care not to insert his fingers into Donna's pussy unlike some of the females who had waxed her in the past. Even her friend Sally had put a finger or two in her pussy when she waxed her. Carlos did bump her exposed clit a few times almost sending her over the edge into an expected orgasm. Donna could feel the moisture from her pussy running down her ass crack and across her asshole.
Sally checked in a couple of times during the waxing and after finding everything ok, she went back to the front desk.
Once Carlos was finished waxing, Donna knew what was coming next and she was almost looking forward to it. Even though Carlos was a gay male, he was none the less a male and he was going to be rubbing moisturizer into the skin that he had waxed. That means he was going to be using his hands to massage the moisturizer all around her pussy and her asshole.
Donna's thoughts were broken when Carlos asked her, "Do you want me to apply some moisturizer on you?"
With a crackling voice Donna said, "Yes, please use the vanilla flavored moisturizer with the extra vitamin E, please. Carlos, please make sure you use a good amount and rub it in for me, if you don't mind."
Carlos smiled at Donna and said, "Your wish is my command." Then he asked, "Is there any particular area you want me to rub in some extra moisturizer?"
Donna thought about the implications of the offer and then replied, "Just use a lot of moisturizer and once I am coated please use your judgment where to rub, you have done a fine job so far and I am sure you know what to do."
The moisturizer was cool as always and for some reason it felt different to have Carlos rub the moisturizer into her waxed area than it did when a female did it. Carlos had a tender touch and it was a welcomed touch given the hair had just been ripped out of that area.
When he was finished Carlos helped Donna out of the stirrups and then helped her stand up. He held her for a couple of minutes until she could stand on her own. When Carlos started to walk towards the door, Donna asked him where he was going and he replied, "You have to get dressed and I was going to step out while you do."
Donna feeling a bit wicked at the moment asked Carlos to stay so she could get his opinion on her bald look now that she was standing. Without further delay, Donna dropped her gown and laid it on the table. Turning to face Carlos directly, Donna spread her legs and looked directly at Carlos's face. She watched as his eyes as they took in the view of her swelled breasts and belly. When his eyes moved only slightly downward she knew Carlos's eyes were on her pussy when he once again gasped.
Donna stood there exposed for his view and asked, "Do I still look good to you?"
This time it was Carlos's voice that crackled when he cleared his throat and said, "Yes, you are a very pretty lady and I am so happy that you have allowed me to view your nakedness." After saying that, Carlos quickly turned and was out the door in a flash.
Donna smiled to herself and slowly dressed.
When Donna walked into her house, she went straight to our bedroom and stripped off her clothes.
She found me sitting on the patio and with a nervous smile she said, "I have something to tell you." I looked at her and once again I saw that look in her sparkling crystal blue eyes, you know the one that says, I know something you don't.
I turned my chair and faced Donna and saw the nervousness in her face. When Donna started to speak the first thing she said, "Honey, you know I love you!"
I assured her I knew she did and whatever she had to say would not affect my love for her.
Donna stood up and showed me her new wax job and I reached out and felt how smooth she was. I love her bald pussy and I encouraged her to keep it that way.
As Donna stood there letting me feel her bald pussy, she said, "About an hour ago, another male waxed me smooth and then used his hands to rub moisturized all over my pussy and down through my ass crack and around my asshole."
That bit of information caught me by surprise and I momentarily stopped rubbing Donna's pussy and looked up into her eyes. I could see the worry in her face and I was quick to tell her that it was ok and that I was not a jealous person. For the next half hour Donna told me all the circumstances that led up to Carlos doing her waxing and what she did, showing Carlos her completely naked body at the end of the waxing.
Donna noticed that my cock grew hard and stood up straight as she told me the story. She asked me if her exposure to Carlos excited me and turned me on. I've always been honest with Donna and I told her the thought of her being spread wide open while a guy waxed her pussy and ass crack then moisturizing her was exciting me and to learn that she willingly stood before him and dropped her gown and invited Carlos to look at her completely naked body was a turn on for me.
Donna gave a sigh of relief to learn that I wasn't going to be upset over what happened this afternoon.
Then as a way of reasoning, I asked Donna if she ever carried anything around our home either inside or outside to use to cover up with in case someone came to our home. Donna looked at me blankly and asked, "What does that have to do with anything like this afternoon?"
I asked her, "What would you do if we were out in our front yard completely naked, like we have been so many times or what would you do if we were in the middle of making love on our front lawn and someone pulled up our driveway?" Then I added, "Remember, neither of us carry anything with us to cover ourselves so we would have to stand, totally exposed to whomever came up our driveway and found us naked."
Donna thought about that for a minute and then asked, "What would you do if you or we got caught like that"
I told her, "Actually Donna, I've never thought about it before and now that we are talking about it, I guess we have been so lucky not to have been seen."
Donna was like a pit bull and she insisted I answer her question.
Again I took a moment to think before I said, "Honey I guess I would have to greet the person who caught me or us because after being caught there's really no reason to develop a false sense of modesty and try to cover my cock." I added, "Even though you are a female, if you were in the same situation and given that we have made a practice of living a nude lifestyle, I would not expect you to dash for cover either."
Donna looked at me with a puzzled look on her face and asked, "So are you saying that you wouldn't mind if a strange male saw me completely naked and are you saying that you would expect me not to cover my breasts or my pussy if we were caught?"
I clarified myself by saying, "It won't be like you are going to have sex with the person who catches us, they are just going to see us completely naked and I would not cover myself and I would expect you to follow my lead."
Donna leaned her head back and began to laugh.
I asked her what was so funny and she said that one time when we were on our honeymoon there was a guy watching us fuck on the beach. I asked her how she knew and she said that she saw him but was afraid to tell me, thinking I would beat him up.
I explored that bit of news further asking her what he may have seen. Donna told me that he saw everything. He saw me standing up facing towards him, he saw me when I was standing on the beach and he watched the whole time you fucked me from behind as I bent over facing him. I also saw him drop his shorts and jerk off as he watched you fuck me.
I asked Donna why she never told me and she said at the time she wanted to just enjoy her honeymoon without any trouble and then until this conversation started, she had forgotten all about it.
I asked her, "Did it turn you on and get you excited knowing he was watching us fuck?"
Donna immediately answered saying, "Yes, it turned me on a lot but I didn't have any interest in him doing anything with me. I only wanted you to fuck me!"
My cock was standing straight up so Donna got out of her chair and sat on the table and leaned back on her elbows. Spreading her legs Donna invited me to fuck her right then and there.
I asked Donna, "What if there is a guy over there in the woods watching us?"
Donna replied, "Let him watch us fuck and jerk off, I don't care if he sees my naked pussy!"
That was the beginning of many of our fantasies during our love making. Our being nude in the front yard became a major awareness and turn on for both of us. After our discussion we made love on the front lawn more often than we ever did before. I guess we wanted to tempt fate and see what would really happen if someone drove up our driveway while we were fucking. To this point we have never been caught.
To Be Continued:
** First, thank you for taking time to read my story.
** Please vote and rate my story and if you have some feedback, I would like to hear from you.