Chapter 1 - Preparations
========================
Wow! Just when I think there's nothing my dad can do to surprise me... he surprises me. As an only child of two well-paid professionals I'll admit to being a little bit spoiled (OK, so my husband would say a LOT spoiled). Even so, I'd like to think I turned out OK. As for my husband's sarcastic take on my upbringing, he DID marry me after all, right? At the same time, my parents' livelihoods mean that one thing I didn't do growing up was to travel a lot so this past winter my dad gave me and Steve an all-expense trip to a Caribbean resort for our anniversary. It was an incredible adults-only resort although that simply meant no kids - not some erotic sexually oriented place although we DID have an incredible couples massage that was something special.
Apparently paying for a trip for his daughter and son-in-law wasn't all he had up his sleeve...
It was Sunday morning before church which meant only one thing - I was at my dad's house for our weekly tradition. It had started back when I lived at home before I was married when my dad would stop by my bedroom in the morning before leaving for work. I'm most definitely NOT a morning person and he had to leave early to beat the tunnel traffic into Pittsburgh so most times I was sound asleep. Given I slept nude (as did both my parents) he just had to pull the covers back to expose me to his lustful gaze as he masturbated over me. Usually he would cum on my legs or butt, sometimes my boobs and very rarely my face. Mission accomplished and his horniness satisfied for the time being, he'd cover me back up and later I'd wake up and smile as I feel his cum on me. Once I was married though, this morning ritual wasn't possible anymore so instead I would visit him Sunday mornings before the two of us went to church. It worked out great as to my never-ending frustration, Steve has never been much of a church-goer so he stayed home and keep an eye on our daughters.
Having this chance once a week to satisfy my dad's needs and desires as only his daughter can is something I look forward to every week. It's also an incredible turn-on to be in church not long after, my pussy still tingling from the feel of my father's cock cumming inside. Going back to my earlier comment about being spoiled though, I'd learned long before that if there was anything I wanted from my dad, asking him while he was fucking me pretty much guaranteed I'd get it! On this day though, it turned out that it was my dad with the surprise and ironically he decided to spring it on me just after he'd first penetrated me as I leaned over the kitchen counter with my sundress pulled up over my bare butt. Yep, no sooner was he buried inside of me and taken just a few strokes then he stopped. Needless to say I was quite surprised as normally once he started there was no stopping him until he ejaculated and filled me with his incestuous cum. I remember how at times when we first started having sex how it even scared me a little seeing the change that came over him after he'd entered me. While I would never dream of asking him to stop, at the same time I wasn't so sure he would even if I asked!
"Ummmmm, something wrong daddy?" I asked when he stopped. Even at 32 years old I still called him daddy, at least when we had sex. He had his hands on my hips and I could feel his thick lush pubic hair tickling my bare bottom.
"Not a thing baby girl... not a single thing," he assured me. Just as I knew he loved me to call him "daddy", so he knew it pleased me to no end for him to call me his "baby girl", especially when he was fucking me!
Everything was silent for a moment as I felt him grind his cock into me slowly, as if he was debating what to do next. Well THAT would be new as I don't think he has EVER debated what to do once we started fucking since the very first time we'd done it on top of my bed.
"Well, so what would you think about taking a trip with your dear-old dad?" he asked.
I assumed he meant a business trip, maybe something to Philadelphia or Cleveland where his firm had satellite offices. Over the years I'd been to both and while I knew none of the people had any idea about the entire situation between me and my dad, few would have believed it.
"Sure, I can get a sitter for when Steve is at work," I replied before he could finish.
My dad chuckled and went on saying, "No, this isn't a business trip. I've actually been planning this for a long time and it's getting to where you need to know so you can make some long-term arrangements for my granddaughters."
I waited for him to continue but evidently just pausing like this with his dick in me was too much for him to maintain any longer. Then I felt his hands clench my hips and suddenly he pulled out and then rammed his erect dick back inside of me again. After several more similar thrusts I figured any more talk about a trip was going to have to wait until he'd finished but then to my surprise he paused yet again!
"Sorry... I just couldn't resist your fantastic pussy," he apologized as if he needed to, "So where was I?"
Turning my head I smiled at him and gently reminded him that the service about to start.
"Oh well, so we'll be a little late. Won't be the first time," he said with a chuckle that made his dick move inside of me causing me to wish he'd wait and finish fucking me before worrying about whatever it was he wanted to talk about. Alas, that wasn't to be the case...
"Remember that rafting trip we took in West Virginia back when you were in high school?"
How could I forget? Like I was terrified most of the trip! Anything where you have to wear a helmet in case you fall out is a little much in my book. Thankfully he seemed to recognize that.
"Now I know you were a little scared but I was thinking we could do something similar that isn't so scary but at the same time let us spend some quality time together. You know... special father-daughter time?"
Oh yes, I knew what he meant... special father-daughter sex time! I just stood there impaled on my dad's cock as he continued.
"One of my clients had scheduled a trip with his son and was about to cancel it due to some scheduling conflicts so he offered it to me. I know it's a little last-minute but normally these things have to be booked over a year in advance so I couldn't pass up the opportunity."
Now I was curious... what sort of trip had to be reserved so far in advance?
"So what do you think about spending a week with your father at the bottom of the Grand Canyon?"
Whoa! Did he just say Grand Canyon? Where the heck did THAT come from? My mind instantly filled with images of monster rapids, scorching hot weather, bugs, and every other thing I didn't like.
"Ummmmm, Grand Canyon?" I questioned him timidly.
"Oh it's nothing like you probably imagine. He showed me brochures and photos from a trip he'd taken a couple years ago. We'll be on a huge raft with a dozen other people. They take care of everything. We just have to show up and they handle the food, tents, and sleeping gear."
The mention of "tents" worried me... I was about to say something about not being for me when I felt him slowly start to fuck me again, drawing himself out slowly and then pushing just as slowly back into me again.
"Oh daddy... that feels so good," I sighed, relieved that he was back to doing what I loved with no more crazy talk about some week-long wilderness trek. I loved the feel of him as he slid in and out so easily with me being as wet and horny as I always was when we met for our traditional time together.
"I've already talked to Linda and Kristi ñ they'll be happy to watch the girls and I'm sure Steve's mom won't mind either. You don't need to take much and I've already bought us any extra gear we'll need."
Unbelievable! Just when I thought he was back on track again he was still going on about this trip we were supposedly going on together. How was I supposed to concentrate on that when he was fucking me? It seemed that for once the tables were turned. Usually it was me teasing him while trying to get him to do something for me so it wasn't like I cold complain. It was sort of ironic that I found myself in the same position he was usually in ñ ready to agree to anything just so we could get back to what we both wanted.
"OK, I'll go," I gasped as he suddenly thrust hard into me, "Now just fuck me... please daddy!"
"Mmmmmmm, anything for my little girl," he groaned as he picked up the pace, slapping his crotch into my bare butt and driving me into the counter top with each thrust of his dick. It wasn't long before I heard those words I wanted so badly to hear...
"Oh god Kelly... I love you so much," he groaned and then he grunted as he started to ejaculate inside of me, "God you feel so good!"
Again and yet again I felt him thrust hard into me, squeezing me into the counter top as his incestuous love filled me. How many times had he done this since we first had sex in my bedroom so many years before? It didn't matter as each time was like the first and I knew it would never be any different no matter how many more times we did it.
"Whoa, now THAT's how to start off a Sunday morning," he panted as he withdrew from me. I quickly grabbed a dishtowel by the sink to catch his cum as it dripped out of me. For a moment I felt a pang of guilt as my mom had always told me not to use them but what other option did I have in such circumstances? I didn't want any to get on my sundress and walk into the sanctuary with a strategically located wet spot! As I wiped myself off carefully, squeezing down to try to drive as much of it out of me now so it wouldn't leak out later, my dad was pulling up his pants and watching me with a grin.
"Do you have any idea how incredibly sexy you look when you do that?" he asked rhetorically. "I wonder how many fathers just fantasize about watching their daughter wiping their sperm as it drips from her pussy?"
"Didn't realize I was putting on a show," I teased him although to be honest, I knew it turned him on which is why I'd made sure he could see me doing it.
As I sat in church, my pussy still tingling, I thought about the trip my dad had planned for us. It certainly wasn't anything I would have ever excepted, that was for sure! I had no idea what it all involved so I knew I'd be spending a lot of time on-line in the next few days. No matter what though, spending an entire week alone with my father doing anything would be a first for me and the anticipation grew the more I thought about it.
Chapter 2 - Arrival
===================
The time between my dad's surprise announcement and our departure on a direct flight to Phoenix from Pittsburgh flew by. I'd checked into the trip and spent hours on-line watching videos and reading about what to pack and expect on the trip. Most of it seemed alright, even exciting with the rapids looking awesome but at least nobody was wearing helmets! I had pretty much everything I needed already except for some rain gear, a water bottle and some other small items which my dad had bought for us. From what I'd read it seemed right up my alley ñ swimming gear, shorts, light-weight tops and a sarong made up most of my packing list.
The flight was non-eventful and once in Phoenix my dad rented a car even though it would be parked for most of the trip. From Phoenix it was a long drive to the Cliff Dwellers Lodge in Marble Canyon, AZ where we relaxed and rested up for the approaching adventure the next day. As we were using what had been his client's reservation, while the names had been changed to ours the accommodations had been made for him and his wife meaning my dad and I shared a room with a single large bed. Checking in, the desk clerk gave my dad an odd look and then a smile. From the expression on his face I got the impression he assumed I was either his young second wife or someone he was having a secret affair as out her in the wilderness a wife would never know. Not that I blamed him as after all, how many fathers would reserve a room with single bed to share with his daughter, even if she WAS in her thirties?
One thing for sure... we were certainly out on the middle of nowhere! I'd never been in the Southwest before and so everything was new and exciting. The lodge where we'd be spending the night was quaint yet still more than adequate. There was a small restaurant which pretty much could (and did) charge whatever it wanted seeing how it was the only one available for miles. Before going there I sat down on the bed next to my dad to discuss something that had been on my mind after seeing the expression on the face of the desk clerk.
"So dad, did you see the look the guy ate the desk gave you at the check-in desk?"
My dad grinned, "Yeah, I bet he thinks your my sexy young wife or concubine, probably assumed I divorced my first one for an upgraded model."
"Yeah, seemed that way but it made me wonder about the rest of the week," I mused, "Any thoughts on what we tell everyone this week?"
"What do you mean?"
Oh I knew exactly what he meant but I wasn't about to give him the satisfaction of me making the decision for him. Yeah, somehow I wasn't buying for a minute that my dad hadn't already been giving this a LOT of thought. As a highly paid attorney and partner in his firm, if there was one thing my dad was NOT it was stupid or naive. Huffing just a little in exasperation, I gave him a look which hopefully expressed my doubt in his feigned ignorance after which he rolled his eyes and smiled.
"Well, I suppose that's as much up to you as me. After all, we both have wedding rings so it wouldn't be hard to go with that if you're game."
I shook my head in disagreement saying, "No daddy, I'm not calling you 'John' all week long. Besides, even if I tried I'll eventually call you dad sooner or later so don't you think it would be better just to be upfront from the beginning?"
"Well, it will certainly raise some eyebrows and to be honest, I'd sort of planned on us being newlyweds so people wouldn't be surprised if we were a bit 'affectionate' if you know what I mean."
Again, I knew EXACTLY what he meant. Granted, the idea did have some merit but at the same time I wasn't all that happy about it. It wasn't often that I got to have fun with my dad in public and while our "audience" would be small, from the looks of things it would be fun.
"Besides daddy, who will we ever see again?" I countered, "Like who cares what they think? I AM over eighteen you know so nobody can accuse you of molesting me. C'mon daddy... it would be such a turn-on to see their reactions, don't you agree?"
It was my dad's turn to grin as my proposal percolated in his mind. To help motivate him even further I rested my hand on his cock through his shorts and was rewarded by the hardness of a familiar lump underneath.
"So... what do you think daddy?" I asked seductively, rubbing my hand over his crotch.
"I don't know..." he said in a drawn out response, "It may take a little more convincing."
"You mean something like this?" I asked softly as I unzipped his fly and started to undo his belt.
"I'd say you're on the right track."
"This even better?" I whispered seductively as I reached into his boxer shorts and took out his hardening cock.
"Getting there..."
"Then this must be even better," I said as I lowered my head and took him in my mouth.
No words in response this time as my dad gasped sharply at the feel of my wet tongue on the tip of his throbbing dick as I locked my lips around the firm head of his warm cock. As I drew more of my father into my mouth I was rewarded with the feel of his cock swelling to its final stage of erection. Mmmmmmm, I don't care how long I blow men I can't ever imagine growing tired of this sensation. Knowing it's ME that causing this involuntary reaction never ceases to turn me on. Yes indeed... As I've always said, dicks never lie! A man can tell me all day how much I turn him on but a thousand words can't match the sight of his cock growing erect for me. I mean like I've yet to meet the man who can simply will his dick into an erection, nor one who can stop the process when properly motivated.
It had been a long day yet I knew after spending all day next to me on the pane and in the car he had to be horny as heck for me and sure enough it wasn't long before he erupted, filling my mouth with his desire for me. After years of experience I knew my dad well enough to know what he wanted next so I lifted off my head and opened my mouth to show him his incestuous cum coating my tongue. Then with a naughty grin I swallowing it down with a couple of gulps before opening wide again to show it was all in my belly.
"Soooooo... what do you say? Like we're daddy and daughter this week?" I asked with a sly grin, licking my lips and savoring his cum on my tongue. Honestly still I wasn't 100% sure at this point how he wanted to play things. I was certainly old enough to qualify as he young girlfriend which to be fair would make it much easier for all involved. Still, the thought of what people might say or do if they knew I was his daughter and saw what we did together... or at least what I HOPED we would be doing together, was enough to raise goosebumps!
"Do I have a choice?" he pretended to grumble but I knew he was as thrilled as I was at the prospect. The best part was it was true when I pointed out that we would never see any of these people again so who cared what they thought of us?
After getting our clothes back in order we headed off to get a late dinner where we met several other couples and families who were part of our party. I could tell already it was going to be quite a diverse group with both young and old, families, couples and even a few singles. Most were older although there was one family with two teenage boys that looked to be college age. A mother-daughter couple were there as well. Later I learned she was divorced and her daughter was about to be married so this was something they thought would be fun to do together. I was surprised yet please that other than the two sons there were no children and even those two certainly didn't qualify as kids.
Knowing that first impressions are always important, when choosing my outfit earlier I'd figured why not get started on the right foot. As such I'd chosen a pair of faded and ripped denim cutoffs cut so short the pockets showed and a good portion of my butt cheeks were exposed. If that wasn't enough, a couple of long tears in the fabric further provided a view of my butt. My tank top as a couple sizes too small making it so tight that my nipples showed through like it was made of Saran Wrap. Simple sneakers offset the rest of my outfit, helping it be more a hot "girl-next-door" look rather than designated "slut". Other than a gold ankle bracelet my dad had given me as a gift when I was younger that was it. No socks and of course, no bra or panties. In fact, I hadn't even packed any underwear as I expected to be in my bikini bottoms most of the time anyways... or less.
My dad made the introductions and when he introduced me as his daughter I saw a few eyebrows raise on a couple of the wives even though he DID mention that I was happily married with two daughters already missing me back home. I was further rewarded with a few surreptitious looks from some of the guys, especially the two teen boys. While normally I never go to tanning booths I had taken time the past couple of weeks so that I would look better in my bikini and shorts, not to mention hopefully avoiding being too terribly burned by the hot Arizona sun. While it had been a pain to make all the appointments, seeing the looks from around the room I was glad I'd done it.
That night my dad and I had some quick sex before going to sleep a little early as we had an early morning wakeup call, not to mention it had been a LONG day! As we kissed and his tongue met mine I felt his large hand caressing my pussy as his rigid incestuous dick finally entered me, I looked about the room and realized this would be the last time we did it on a bed for the next week! Hopefully the outfitter would have something comfortable to sleep on other than just the ground.
Chapter 3 - Day One Orientation
===============================
The alarm went off ridiculously early as we had to pack things up and get some breakfast before our 8:30AM meeting time where we met some of the crew, packed our river bags, and too a shuttle a few miles down to the river. At Lee's Ferry, the starting point for all Grand Canyon rafting trips, we met our guides who provided the mandatory safety instructions and taught us a little about the rafts. Apparently at that point there wasn't much for us to do other than put on a life jacket and have a seat.
Having to wear a bulky life jacket sucked but we were told that it was mandatory to wear one at all times while on the river. It would've been nice to be able to bring the one I wore waterskiing but according to their brochure all life jackets had to be provided by the outfitters. Originally I'd planned on just wearing my bikini top but it only took a few movements to realize the life jacket chaffed horrible and so I pulled out a T-shirt to make it more comfortable. Oh well, it wasn't like it made much difference considering the life jacket pretty much kept everything out of view anyways.
Other than the T-shirt and life jacket the only other clothes I was wearing was one of the bikini bottoms I'd brought, rather conservative ones at least from my perspective, and Tevas. My dad had bought me this silly floppy-brimmed hat to wear which was so horrible I was about to stow it when the trip leader warned that the sun would be intense and everyone needed to wear something on their head, not to mention lathering the sunscreen on.
Everybody and our gear fit on these two huge inflatable rafts. The gear was piled in the middle and everyone sat around it. It was explained to us that where we sat would determine the type of ride we would experience going through the rapids. Way up front was the "bathtub" where a few people could take the brunt of the waves. Along the sides were padded benches where most people sat. In back was an area just ahead of where the guides drove the raft which was euphemistically referred to as the "tea room". Supposedly it was the least "adventurous" and generally reserved for older people and those with back issues and such. Along the sides were strapped big banana-like pontoons which had ropes around them where people could ride in the smaller rapids, sort of like a bucking bronco.
My dad and I took a seat about in the middle of one of the benches and waited as everyone else found a spot. Next to me was a middle-aged couple from Iowa. The wife sat next to me although I found it funny that her husband had first tried to take the spot but she determinedly moved him over and positioned herself between us. On the other side of my dad sat one of the single guys. Wouldn't you know it? Turned out he was a lawyer as well so they got along famously from the start.
And so we were off... The water was mostly smooth to start and everyone seemed to want to talk as the canyon walls quickly rose above us. We stopped to eat lunch on a beautiful white sand beach and soon afterwards experienced our first rapids. Damn the water was COLD! The contrast between the blazing hot sun and frigid dam-released water was starting to say the least. Still, I was glad to be in just my bikini and T-shirt as the sun and arid air dried us off in minutes and once again I was hot.
I have no idea of how far we travelled the first day. The guides always talked about "river miles" so it would've helped if someone had posted mile markers like they do on the interstate highways. Setting foot on the beach, the first thing I noticed was how soft the sand was. Wow, like talk about the perfect beach sand! The guides quickly organized us into a line to unload the rafts. It didn't take long to prove I was totally unsuitable for the task and was soon relegated to helping set up chairs and other tasks that didn't require as much strength. At least I didn't have to wear my life jacket anymore and had tossed my aside at the first opportunity when we landed.
Once the immediate task of unloading the gear took place, Linda (the only female guide) asked for all the girls to come with her. She introduced herself to those who hadn't been on her raft as being 34 and a true "river rat" having been brought up by parents who were on guides and even though she was only 34 she had been on the river every year of her life since she was a teenager. The primary purpose of our little chat was to discuss female hygiene - or as it turned out, lack of it. The biggest concern, especially amongst the older ladies, was were to go to the bathroom and Linda quickly made it clear there was only ONE place to pee - the river. Although we would have two "groovers" in which to take a dump, everyone was expected to use the river for their pee to keep from filling up the groovers sooner than planned. She told us that those who were shy would get over it quickly as things turned out - she was right. Perhaps more jarring for some though was the sight of the men peeing openly into the river - it didn't take long for THEM to adjust!
Tents were available for anyone who wanted one but our guides warned us that they would be sweat boxes for anyone foolish enough to try to sleep in one. This sort of surprised me as I'd more or less taken it for granted that my dad and I would have some privacy at night. The thought that we would be sleeping out in the open in plain sight of everyone else had never even crossed my mind! It was our first night and we managed to find a spot with some bushes that provided a touch of privacy but anyone walking along the trail to get to the river and back would have to go right past us. Hmmmmmm, this was going to be more interesting than I'd anticipated!
My dad had told me that the company bragged about the food they provided but I hadn't been overly optimistic. I mean face it, we were totally out of touch with the outside world - Rim World as the guides referred to it, and with no electricity, phones, or any other modern devices I wasn't holding out any expectations figuring if I started out low then they could only go up. As it turned out, our meals the entire trip were incredible and the only thing I was worried about was putting on ten pounds!
Everyone was so buy introducing themselves the evening went by quickly. With the canyon walls reaching up the sun set earlier than usual so the darkness approached quickly. Feeling a little grungy, I got out our environmentally friendly bottle of soap, a wash cloth and towel and worked my way to the river to find a place to wash off.
"It's COLD!" a voice warned me and I looked up from watching my feet to see an woman grinning at me.
"Hi, I'm Holly," she greeted me, reaching her hand out. "You probably saw my boys Connor and Tanner. Well... at least they saw plenty of you!"
I couldn't help but smile at her introduction which was to say the least - unusual. I replied telling her my name and how I was married with kids and on the trip with my dad.
"Glad you told me," Holly grinned, "Some of us were wondering if maybe your dad was having a do-over."
"Do-over?" I repeated, not quite sure what she meant. Then it hit me but she was already explaining herself.
"You know... second start, trading up, reliving his youth..." she laughed. Then she frowned adding, "Sorry, didn't mean to offend you. My friends tell me I have a big mouth."
"No problem," I assured her although I had to admit I was a little surprised at how open she was about such things. In my case I took it as a compliment but I could see how someone else might easily be offended by such statement from someone she didn't know.
"Ever do a Polar Bear?" Holly asked, shivering as she dried herself off.
I shook my head and she laughed pointing at the swift-flowing water, "Well, it's not QUITE that cold but you'll think it is the first time in."
With my towel and washcloth hanging on a branch, I held my breath and dropped down, quickly submerging myself in the frigid water. I burst upward and gasped, "Oh WOW!"
Holly giggled. "Well, I warned ya!"
As cold as it was, I was even dirtier so I determinedly soaped myself down and rinsed myself off as quickly as I could while Holly watched which seemed a little odd but then everything about her was odd.
"You know if you're going to wear something that tight and sheer when wet, you might think about a bikini top... not to mention those blaring headlights."
Her tone was light when she said it which took away any ill thoughts but even so her forthrightness was a bit surprising.
"Don't get me wrong," she continued, "If I had a pair like that I'd be showing them off as well. Just that I have two horny teenage boys, not to mention a husband in the midst of a mid-life crisis, and if they saw you like this right now..."
She finished with a wolf whistle and rolling eyes which lightened the moment and we both laughed.
"Well I'll try not to upset them too badly this week," I couldn't help but tease her.
"OK but don't think you have to hide them around me," she finished as she left the beach, "Have to say I didn't mind admiring the view myself."
With that she left me and I just watched her as she left in amazement. Was she coming on to me? In any case I was freezing so I quickly got out of the water and tried to dry myself off. My T-shirt was soaked though and with the sun setting so went it's warmth and I was shivering terribly. Looking around, nobody seemed to paying much attention so I turned my back to them and quickly stripped off my soaking wet T-shirt, then wrapped the towel around me as if getting out of the shower.
Walking back to our cots, I passed Linda the guide who smiled and nodded approvingly saying, "See, I told you all it wouldn't take long to get accustomed to life on the river!"
I must have looked a little confused as she went on to explain herself. "You've already got the hang of it, just turn your back and strip."
I looked down at the towel and grinned. Little did she know I would've much rather NOT have turned around!
By the time I walked back to the cot my wet feet were covered with sand. My dad had laid out a tarp under and between our tarps and as I approached he warned me to wipe my feet before getting sand everywhere.
"We'll be covered with sand in every nook and cranny by the end of the week, no sense in hurrying the process along," he joked.
Using the end of the cot as a seat, I used my towel to clean off my feet and then swiveled around to face my dad.
"You know Kelly, it may be getting dark but people can still see pretty much everything," he commented, pointing at my chest. With night approaching so quickly I'd dropped the towel covering me to take care of the sand without even thinking about how it left me topless.
Covering my chest with a hand-bra, I smiled and teased him saying, "What's the matter daddy... don't want anyone to see you daughter's boobies?"
Then I told him about my brief encounter with Holly. When I had finished he just stroked his chin in thought for a moment and then said, "She sounds like a piece of work. Although I must say the boys pitched in nicely today. They seem like good kids."
"Yeah but I liked their dad more," I giggled. Admittedly I'd only seen a few glimpses of him during the unloading but I was curious to get my dad's reactions.
"You and your married men," my dad sighed shaking his head in mock despair. Then he looked around and seeing nobody close by he leaned over and we kissed. Nobody could see us but if they had there would have been no mistaking this for your typical daddy-daughter smack on the cheek - no to mention I still wasn't wearing on top and all I had on the bottom was my small bikini.
"No remember what you promised," I finally managed to say.
"Oh? And just what might THAT be?" he asked, his hands toying with my nipples.
"To fuck me EVERY night... and every day as well during this trip."
My dad's hands squeezed my breasts together as his thumbs rubbed on my hard nipples. "And just when did I promise THAT?" he teased, "I don't remember making any such promise."
"Well daddy, it doesn't really matter of you did or not, does it?" I reasoned, "Because you ARE going to... right?"
My dad sighed and glanced around. "I hadn't really expected us to sleeping out in the open though..." he started to say but I interrupted, reaching down to pull down my bikini bottoms leaving me bare naked.
"Well I intend to sleep the same here as I do at home. Actually I think it's pretty wild that we can do it under the stars."
"Under the stars... in front of twenty some odd people," he finished for me.
"It's getting really dark daddy, they won't see us," I tried to reason with him.
"So I take it that you've never heard of this magical invention called the headlamp?"
I laughed softly and reached for his crotch where his hard dick betrayed any real concerns he might be trying to pretend he was having. Yep, he wanted me! I felt my heart begin to race with the anticipation of what was only inevitable at this point.
"Fuck me daddy," I whispered in a soft but husky voice in his ear. I may have been super horny but I was still fully aware that the awesome still of the night down here in the canyon would allow my words to travel especially far if I wasn't careful.
"Oh my god Kelly, how could I EVER say no to that invitation?" he groaned softly as he pulled his shorts off and pushed me back onto the cot. The moonlight was such I could clearly make out the outline of his rigid cock and it thrilled to know where it soon would be.
He started to mount me but the cot creaked something horrible. They were pretty rugged but I suddenly was worried whether or not they were designed with THIS in mind. Apparently my dad had the same thoughts as he dragged the sleeping bag off his cot and spread it out on the tarp between our cots. It was WAY too hot to actually sleep IN them but we thought they might help make the cots a little more comfortable.
Kneeling on the sleeping bad, I felt my father's arms reach under my bare form and easily lift me up and off the cot, then down to the ground on top of the sleeping bag. Lying flat on my back with nothing but stars and moon above us, I held my arms out to my loving father with my legs spread apart, exposing myself to him completely.
"My God... you're so beautiful," he whispered to me as he lowered himself down between my raised knees. I could feel his hard dick drop down onto my stomach and then drag gently down to between my thighs before he pressed it forward again into me. I reached down to guide him in - as if he wasn't more than accustomed to finding his way on his own. My father's cock felt so warm and hard yet at the same time silky soft.
"Please daddy... I want you," I whispered.
Then unexpectedly he paused and looked up into the sky. I followed his gaze and saw for the first time in my life the Milky Way stretching the length of the canyon. OMG, it was incredible!
"I've dreamed of this moment every day for the past two months," my dad said, "Me... you... together both naked on an isolate beach in the middle of nowhere... such beauty all around us! And to share it with my incredibly sexy daughter... to give her what only I can... priceless!"
For a moment I thought he might cry but his lust and desires regained control as suddenly without any warning he rammed himself inside of my welcoming pussy. Despite myself I couldn't help but gasp loudly as my father filled my empty pussy as a demonstration of his fatherly love for me.
"Oh daddy!" I moaned, again louder than I'm sure he would have preferred but in his current state of mind he wasn't about to do ANYTHING to lower my response.
"Oh god... you're always so tight!" he groaned as he just held himself for a moment with his dick buried completely inside of me. THAT only lasted a few moments though before instinct took over and he began thrust in and out of me.
With my legs wrapped around his waist and my arms around his neck, my face was buried in my dad's neck so it was good thing he had a better view.
"Shhhhhh!"
Suddenly he stopped. I felt him reach over to my bed and grab my sleeping bag, pulling it off and spreading it over us. Still not sure what was going on, I dropped my legs, allowing it to spread out further over us. Then I heard the footstep.
"Be careful Ed, you almost ran right into them!" a female voice called out. She seemed to try to keep her voice low but like most people, the more she tried NOT to be heard the more I could hear her.
"Well if you would turn on the flashlight maybe I could see where the fuck I'm going," a male voice snorted back. I didn't recognize the voices but knew from the guest list we'd been provided that this must be Ed and Suzanne, a married couple in their fifties. One thing about being a teacher - you get pretty good at picking up on people's names!
My dad's cot shuddered as someone stumbled into it. All I could do was lay still as my dad's cock throbbed inside of me.
"Ouch! Dammit Suzanne, turn on the fuckin' light!" Ed growled, apparently he'd been the one to bump into the cot. In just the last few minutes it had really gotten dark and trying to see anything was all but impossible.
"Alright, just a minute!"
It was our first night and apparently she hadn't practiced with her headlamp controls as I heard her fumble and gripe trying to push the right buttons.
"There!" she said triumphantly a the headlamp suddenly burst into full intensity. Obviously she wasn't aware of the lower intensity settings or better yet, the red LED setting.
"Oops, sorry!" I heard her say as suddenly my dad and I were like under a spotlight. The light was so bright in the darkness that I couldn't see her face below it. "Oh my god!"
The light quickly swung away from us and that was the last thing she said while still within earshot of us. While I THINK we were mostly covered, it was hard to tell with the way my dad had just flung the sleeping bag over us in a rush. Hmmmmmm, what had she seen that had made her cry out and then hurry away?
No sooner than they were clear than my dad started humping me again! He didn't even bother saying a word about the intruders or the potential view we'd provided. It had grown uncomfortably hot under the sleeping bag in just the few minutes it had been over us so he reached back and in one swift motion flung it back onto my cot.
I couldn't help but look over my shoulder toward the river where I saw Suzanne's head lamp starting to move back in our direction. I was about to say something to my dad when I saw it veer off and take a different return route. Apparently Suzanne wasn't up to seeing us again! Thankfully so as by now my dad was so far gone I doubt he would have even bothered to try and cover us had our visitors returned for a repeat performance. Actually this was one of those moments I find the most erotic, that time when my dad wanted me SO badly that nothing, and I mean NOOTHING, was going to stop him before he finished.
"I love you baby girl," he groaned as I felt his hips thrust hard into me and the first of several eruptions exploded inside of me, filling my wet pussy with his bear.
"Oh daddy I love you too!" I sighed as I gave myself to him totally and completely, as only a daughter can give of herself to her father.
When he'd finished my dad stayed inside of me and just laid on top of m, his weight supported by his elbows on either side of me. Lowered his head, he kissed my neck and then our lips met and we kissed passionately for serval minutes as his erection quickly dwindled within me. Soo it just took a little movement on his part for it to flop out of me, followed by a gush of cum that oozed slowly down from my pussy, over my ass and then down to the sleeping bag under us for what I had no doubt wouldn't be the last time it soaked up our love.
While I felt wonderful, I was also dog tired by now with all the day's events so I made my way quickly back onto my cot after spreading out my sleeping bag again. My dad slipped on his water shorts and just laid on the cot, leaving his sleeping bag on the ground to dry.
I hadn't even given much thought about being naked when I feel asleep as that was how I normally went to bed anyways. The next morning I woke up to the call of "Coffee's ready!" and realized it was already morning. Wow, I hadn't even woken once the entire night! I glanced about and saw people in various stages of their morning rituals with some still asleep while others were already up and folding up their gear. I was laying on my stomach, perched up on my elbows to see better when it dawned on me - I was naked!
It didn't seem like anyone had noticed, or at least nobody was looking my way trying to see better so it seemed so far I'd gotten away with it but with the sun rising I knew THAT wasn't about to last so I reached down for my bikini top and quickly slipped it on, followed by my thong bottoms. My dad was still sound asleep, snoring, but at least he'd put on his water shorts before going to bed.
Suddenly I felt the need to pee... BAD. Unfortunately the "bathroom" was a bit of a hike. I was tempted for a moment to sneak behind a bush but we'd been warned numerous times in just the first day NOT to pee on the sand so I quickly made my way down to the river. The guides were all up, working on breakfast, and a few of our party were drinking coffee and exchanging notes on their first night on the river. I hurried past before anyone could say something and delay my rush to the river. OMG, it was even colder than yesterday! Still, I stepped out a few feet until lit was up to my knees and then pulled down my thong and did my thing. I didn't look back to see if anyone was watching. Heck, wasn't like they were seeing much more with my thong OFF than when it was ON.
I stopped by the cooler with the coffee, thinking I'd take a cup back to my dad, when I realized in my rush I'd left our mugs at out camp site so I turned to head back and get one. In doing so I just about bumped right into Suzanne.
"Oops... Good morning," she greeted me with a grin, "Kelly, did I get it right?"
"Yes, and you're Suzanne... and Ed," I replied with a smile. "So how did you sleep last night?"
"Well, to be honest it's been a LONG time since I slept on a cot and I can't ever remember sleeping out in the open but it WAS a beautiful night."
"Yes, the Milky Way was incredible!" I replied.
"Well, you were obviously getting a good view of it last night," she said rather snappish all of a sudden. I gave her a questioning look as if I had no idea what she was talking about.
"Listen, I didn't see anything last night, alright?" she said sipping on her coffee so as others wouldn't hear, "To be frank, I'm not quite sure WHAT I saw or if I even want to know so let's just leave it at that."
"I appreciate that Suzanne," I told her, not quite sure what else to say. With that she went off to her husband and I went back to my dad where I woke him up or we'd never get going.
Over breakfast I sat next to my new friend Holly who was with her husband and sons. She was wearing a two-piece swim quit, rather conservative, with a sarong around her waist hiding most of her legs. Meanwhile, I was still just in my bikini top and thong bottoms. I'd noticed a number of the men giving me the once over which was just fine with me. I may not be a tight little eighteen year-old anymore but I'd like to think my ass still looked pretty good exposed for all to see.
"You know, I never could understand how you girls wear those," Holly suddenly opened up the conversation. I looked at her, not quite sure what she meant when she continued, "You know, thongs like the one you have on now. I tried on once and it felt like I was walking with a wedgie all day!"
At that I laughed and replied, "well, that's why the string one like this one are so much better. You don't get all that material pulling together into your crack."
"So I guess it doesn't bother you to be practically bare-ass in public?"
It was like we were continuing our line of questioning from the day before. While it didn't bother me for her to be so bold, I WAS a little surprised she was saying all this within earshot of her husband and sons.
"Doesn't bother me so long as it doesn't bother them."
Holly chuckled saying, "Somehow I think only the first half of that applies to girls like you. In any case, from what I've seen this morning it's not like the men are bothered by it. I suppose that's why you wear it though, isn't it?"
"Well, what can I say?" I grinned.
We got the rafts packed again and soon we were off. My dad and I took the same position on the same raft while a few people either traded places around or even changed rafts. Linda was the guide for our raft and I liked her the best of all the guides. I noticed my dad had his eyes on her as she was rather well endowed to say the least. In fact, given her otherwise slim physique, I had to wonderful if they were real or not.
Chapter 4 - Little Colorado River
=================================
The LCR is noted for being a turquoise water paradise tucked in a canyon on the south side of the river. Sometimes when it rains up-stream the water turns brown with mud but on this day we were fortunate and the water was a beautiful milky clear color. The rafts tied up to the bank and we all made our way upstream to a small series of riffles where we would jump in the water and ride down through the small rapids.
The funniest part was the way we dressed to go in the water. We took our lifejackets and wore them upside down like diapers to protect our butts against the rocks under the water. What I liked was it finally allowed me to be free above my waist without being encumbered by the hot lifejacket.
At first we all rode down by ourselves and then the guides showed us how to get together and form "trains". Brad and Carrie, the youngest couple at just nineteen and twenty, went first. They weren't married, just "friends" as they liked to say but there was obviously more to their relationship than that. Brad had his arms around Carrie as she grabbed his legs while they rode down the swift water.
"That's so cool!" I exclaimed, holding my dad's arm as we watched, "Let's do it dad!"
We worked our way up to where the water was calmer and slipped into the water. It was cool but mothing compared to the frigid river water. I leaned back into my dad and raised my legs. He then lifted his so I could wrap my arms around them while he clutched me tightly into him. He had his hands planted on my boobs but in the churning water I doubted anyone noticed. I got a mouthful of water but it was so much fun!
Eventually the guides herded us into one long train with over a dozen of us in line. Each of us held the legs of the person behind us as we snaked our way through the rapids. It all happened so fast I hadn't really noticed who was behind me but I knew it as female from the feel of her legs. Meanwhile, I noticed Conner had somehow managed to slip in front of me allowing him to hold onto my legs throughout the trip and I couldn't help but notice he was holding on as high up my thighs as he could manage! At the end and we broke apart I twisted and wouldn't you know it but Holly was behind me.
"That was wild, wasn't it!" she cried out as we struggle to shore. Once there we rinsed ourselves off and she looked at me with a wink. "Saw my son managed to get in position ahead of you so figured I'd get to where I could keep an eye on him. Hope you didn't mind."
The way she said the last made me wonder what sort of response she was looking for from me. Was I supposed to not mind that she was being nosy or was she referring to being in position where I had ahold of her bare legs wrapped around me? In the end it didn't matter as her son came up and they walked off talking about something or another.
About the half of the people had started to head back but I wanted to make one more run. Heck, I'd probably never be here again so why not "make a memory" as they say?
"Got your camera ready daddy?"
My dad looked at me and grinned. He knew me well enough by now to know the only time I ever worried about his camera was when I wanted him to take a photo of me that was "special".
As it was, Linda was the only guide left as Keith had gone back to keep an eye on those returning while Spencer had remained to keep watch over the rafts. I went up to her and grinned.
"Having fun Kelly?" she asked, smiling back at me.
"Oh yeah, this is SO cool. I never imagined anything like this!"
"Yeah, I never get tired of it even though I've been here dozens of times."
I paused briefly before asking her, "Ummmmm, Linda. Would anyone say anything if I took one last run down?"
Linda looked at me puzzled. "Of course not Kelly, we're in no rush. Have fun!"
I bit my lower lip to give the impression I was shy to ask what was coming next.
"Well, I was thinking of going down topless so my dad could get a few pics for my husband back home."
Linda chuckled. "well, I certainly won't mind and I doubt from the guys left here they would. Can't say the same for their wives though but what they heck, why not? I guess that would sort of get it out on the table and if nobody says anything I guess that sort of gets it covered from the start."
"Do girls ever do that on other trips?"
Linda's eyes twinkled as she looked at me and said, "Heck, we've had groups that wanted to be nude the entire trip so trust me, you're not going to shock me no matter what you do. Trust me, I've seen it all down her in the canyon."
I just grinned an started to turn away when she added, "And that applies to you and your dad."
I looked back her and she just grinned and winked. Wow, had we been THAT obvious already? I certainly didn't think so. Then again, maybe she hadn't been sure and just threw out a line to see what she could catch. Well, if that was the case she certainly hooked me on that one.
"OK dad, now get ready for a really good shot," I said to him when I got back. As he made his way to some rocks, I stepped into the water and took off my bikini top without hesitation, stuffing it into the life jacket straps where hopefully it wouldn't get lost. I stood up straight and waved to my dad which effectively exposed myself to everyone on the bank.
"Watch me daddy!" I called out as I slipped into the water and made my way downstream. For a moment I wondered if people thought it odd that a 32 year-old mom still called her father "daddy" but then that went out of my mind as the water surged over my head.
At the end I swam back to the shore and returned to my dad, leaving my top off. The only people left beside Linda and my dad were a couple from Greece, Mikhos and Mara, both in their twenties. Seeing me topless, she immediately dropped her bikini top as well, saying it was common in Greece for women to be topless in public.
"C'mon Linda, you too!" I called over to her. She shook her head at first but then finally gave ion and removed hers as well. I saw my dad's eye drawn instantly to her huge D cups - probably bigger. Just then Holly and her family emerged from the rocks upstream of us. Apparently they had not returned to the rafts but instead had hiked further upstream to do more exploring.
"Whoa!" Scott, Holly's husband, blurted out seeing the three of us topless. Neither Mikhos or I made any attempt to cover ourselves and even Linda just did the hand-bra thing.
"I guess you thought we'd gone back," Holly said to break the tension. Then she smiled, "Well surprise!" With that she shooed her gawking sons and husband on down the path towards the rafts.
"Well I guess next time I'd better keep closer track of everyone," Linda sighed as they walked out of sight.
"You know, that Holly's a little strange," I said to nobody in particular but Linda answered.
"Yeah, I get the same impression but haven't quite put my finger on it yet. I'm not sure if she's just teasing or what." Then she looked at me and my dad standing next to each other.
"And Kelly, sorry if I was out of line with that comment earlier," she apologized, "Sometimes I don't always think before I say things.
Ever have one of those moments when you feel like it?s now or never? Well, this was one of those from me. Besides, Linda had already spoken up as she had just admitted and from the way Mara had her hands all over Mikhos I didn't think she was going to mind what I was thinking about.
"Daddy, kiss me," I said determinedly, planting my hand flat on his crotch. His eye opened wide but I'd taken him by surprise and natural instinct seemed to take over before his conscious mind could intervene. As Linda watched with her arms crossed over her bare chest, I kissed my dad as so very few girls ever do with their own father, all the while rubbing him through the thin material of his water shorts.
Soon his hand was reaching up and cupping my breast which signaled me it was time to reach inside of his shorts. I unbuckled them and pulled them down to where they finally dropped to his feet on their own, leaving him standing there naked as he kissed and fondled me.
Looking back at Linda who was watching everything wide-eyed, I bent my knees and crouched down until I was able to suck my dad's cock. It was amazing how fast he'd reached erection, even with an audience. That audience had included Mikhos and Mara but Mara was busy sucking her husband's dick herself now that I had cleared the way.
"Linda! Get over her and help me," I called over to Linda, motioning to her with my hand to come to us.
"I could get fired for this," she mused as she approached but didn't hesitate to bend down to take my dad's cock from me and into her mouth. I moved in behind her, putting my arms around her and taking her large breasts into my hands.
Amazing! They were real!
Despite her statement to the contrary earlier, I knew we really didn't have all that much time. Evidently Mara and Mikhos had the same thoughts as he was already fucking her from behind as she bent over a rock ledge with her bikini bottoms down just under her butt. I released Linda's boobs and pulled down her bikini bottoms to her flip flops.
"My daddy's been wanting to fuck you from the moment he saw you," I teased her as I reached down between her legs from behind and felt her wet pussy. "Haven't you daddy?"
"Fuck yes!" he practically growled as Linda took his cock all the way onto her mouth until his thick pubic hair obscured her face.
"Fuck her daddy... I want to see you fuck her."
They were both at that stage where I hardly had to encourage them. Linda stood up and turned back to the rock wall, planting her hands on it and spreading her legs apart allowing my dad to come up behind her and swiftly slide his dick into her waiting pussy.
"Damn that feel good John," she gasped as he thrust up and deep inside of her.
My dad couldn't resist getting a feel of her amazing boobs, leaning into her so his arms reached around until his hands were filled with the large breasts in front of him.
"Damn, I can't believe these are real!" he said as he played with them.
He was getting close so I stepped forward and pushed him back. "Sorry Linda, but I need some daddy cock too."
Until that moment I don't think Linda actually thought we would go THAT far. I mean like sucking his dick and letting him feel me up was naughty, but it wasn't incest. When I took my place next to her on the wall and spread my legs apart.
"Fuck me daddy... show her how you want your baby girl."
Linda pushed back off of the wall and stood there watching as my dad quickly finished, grunting loudly as load after load of incestuous cum filled my pussy.
"Damn, that was so hot," Linda murmured. Then she looked at her watch as swore under her breath.
"Sorry but we REALLY have to get going. Keith is going to be mad as it is."
Mikhos and Mara were nowhere to be seen. I guess they must have finished and headed back to the rafts on their own. Meanwhile, I was leaking cum so I hurried over to the river and rinsed off as best I could. Slipping on my bikini top and bottoms, my dad and I hurried back to follow Linda.
Surprisingly, Keith didn't say a word although he and Linda exchanged looks that may have been some secret code for who knows what. As easily as it had been to draw in Linda I got the idea that this wasn't her first rodeo and no doubt Keith was well aware of her activities on the river with the guests.
That night during dinner I once again found myself next to Holly - surprise, surprise. This time she just dropped by with desert so it was just a few minutes.
"I'm guessing you had a pretty good time back at the LCR," she said with a hint of a smirk.
"Oh yea, running the rapids was incredible!"
"True but I couldn't help but notice you guys getting back so much later than everyone else. Anything you want to share?"
Wow, did she really think I was going to say anything like that... to her of all people?
Seeing I wasn't answering, she smiled and patted me on the thigh saying, "No problem, I understand." She started to walk away but then came back and motioned me away from the crowd for a moment.
"I just thought you might like to know that while it gets REALLY dark at first, the moon rises after midnight and last night it was so bright I could almost read by it."
"Oh really?" I said non-committedly.
"Yes really," she continued, "Just thought you might like to know given your... shall we say, sleeping attire. Or should I say, lack of it?"
"Oh... that!," I said trying to appear a little sheepish. "Guess I was just so tired last night I didn't think about it."
Holly laughed outright at that one. "No doubt you were... from the way it sounded I imagine so." She pause to see my expression and then finished, "It's not like half the camp couldn't hear!"
Whether she was teasing me or not, I wasn't sure, but that night when my dad fucked me I made sure we were a LOT quieter. But as for my sleeping attire, I decide to stay nude and let the chips fall where they may. After satisfying my dad I fell asleep my mind as my wandered with images of my dad fucking Linda and then her watching him fuck me. Well, at least we had ONE guide who wasn't going to question whatever we chose to do.
Chapter 5 - Elves Chasm
=======================
If I'd had any concerns that things might be awkward with Linda after our little tryst at the Lower Colorado, those were quickly put to rest as she treated exactly the same as before and never made so much as sly comment or wink. It made me wonder if perhaps she realized she had perhaps gone a little too far with her guests and now was telling us that it was a one-time thing and not to expect anything like it again. Or maybe not? Who knows for sure in these type of situations but in any case I figured better to leave things on a high note.
Holly was a different story though. After seeing the three of us topless in full view of her family, she seemed a little more standoffish than before. Considering my dad was the only male available with Mikhos occupied by Mara, had she drawn any conclusions beyond those I suspected she already had? She'd been a mystery to me the entire trip so far and her behavior actually helped me fill in the puzzle a little, or at least so it seemed to me. Any thoughts that she might be coming on to quickly withered although I can't say that disappointed me. While she didn't discourage her sons' unabashed gawking at me (and some of the other women as well - especially Carrie when she wasn't clinging to Brad), at the same time she no longer joked with me about it.
We were past the halfway mark now having stopped briefly at Phantom Ranch where I savored a wonderfully cold lemonade - with ice! I walked past the showers which were locked and wondered who I'd have to blow to get a key - and that's not just being whimsical! My hair never needed a good hot rinsing as badly as it did now. Maybe the best part though was they had real honest to goodness toilets! Well, actually THE best part was the pay phone where I got to call my girls and tell me mommy loved them even if she had left them alone with their grandma for so long.
Linda was rattling off her usual chatter about the canyon, the formations, history and such. Then she mentioned we would soon be coming to one of the top rated stops - Elves Chasm. Immediately thoughts of enchanting little creatures poking out from the rocks came to mind but then she exclaimed it really had nothing to do with elves other than someone must have thought it would be a place where little people would like to hang out. She just teased us though, telling us just enough to wet our appetites but I still had no idea what we were heading for. A few people had guide books which talked about it enough that I was looking forward to it.
The rafts tied up to some small trees just before a big bend in the river. From the river it didn't look like much - just a small side canyon leading away that wouldn't have warranted a second look had we just cruised by. I traded my water shoes for flip flops, dropped the miserable life jacket and followed my dad, jumping off the front of the raft where he caught me to keep me from slipping into the water. Somehow I didn't think it was an accident that his hands grabbed me high on the sides allowing his thumbs to press over my bikini top into the sides of my boobs.
As we followed Keith along the rocks (there are ALWAYS rocks to climb over no matter where we went), I couldn't help but note what I had come to refer to as my "fan club" following close behind. Somehow it seemed they always managed to claim the spot right behind me whenever we would hike somewhere. Earlier in the week we had hiked this ridiculously steep trail up to see some ancient Indian graineries and they must have been all but bumping into me the entire way up! I suppose given the skimpy bottoms I was wearing and the steep steps which required me to lift my leg way up and the often bend over to reach for the next hand hold they got quite the show!
Climbing over some huge flat boulders, suddenly we came upon a pool of water with a small waterfall flowing out from a large opening. The water looked to drop off quickly so I figured the pool must be pretty deep in the center. Once we'd all assembled, Keith stood up on one of the boulders and explained to us some of the history behind the place. Then he grinned and said there was also something most people didn't see right away if they hadn't been here before. Rather than explain though, he jumped into the water and started swimming to where it looked like the water pooled back under a ledge. Surprisingly he lowered his head and entered what must have been something like a cave. We lost sight of him then for a few moments before he popped out of nowhere in the middle of the opening where the water was flowing! Wow, there must have been some sort of cave network behind the rocks he had used.
"OK, this is one of the few places where it's OK to jump into the water," Keith said loudly to us, "Just try and jump out a few feet to make sure you're in the deepest section."
With that he leaped out and cannonballed into the water, splashing all of us with the cool water which actually felt quite nice after the hot hike.
"Oh that's so cool!" Darnell said to his girlfriend Jasmine. They were both I their early twenties and kept pretty much to themselves. They were both black although Jasmin had a lighter complexion and a body which looked stunning in a bikini. "C'mon, let's try it."
The two of the were the first as the rest of us watched. Soon they had made their way up and leaped out one at a time, Darnell leading the way and then encouraging his girlfriend while treading water below.
"How was it?" Mary Lynn asked. Mary Lynn was something like 22, engaged with a wedding not too long after she got back from the trip. Her mom Ethel (who names their poor daughter that?) was taking her out on a final mother-daughter trip, or at least final while she wasn't attached to someone else.
Ethel told her daughter she was free to give it a try but SHE was staying where it was safe. We all laughed as Mary Lynn futilely tried to convince her mom but finally gave up and started to make her way. Keith had taken position right outside the cave entrance, proving directions for those making their first foray. She was closely followed by Scott, Conner and Tanner as they left Holly behind to watch and take pictures.
"Wanna try it daddy?" I asked my dad, tugging on his arm like a little girl begging to go on a carnival ride.
"What the hell, why not?" my dad shrugged, "Worse that can happy is I slip and kill myself."
"Oh daddy, stop that!" I teased him playfully.
Slipping off our footwear, we jumped in together and the water was really pretty warm - or maybe after a few days on the freezing Colorado ANYTHING felt warm in comparison!
"Watch your heads... it gets slippery on the steep portion so be careful," Keith warned us as we swam past him.
Once past the ledge there was more headroom and I paused for a moment to get my bearings. My dad was right next to me, his arm around me.
"Oh daddy, this is beautiful!" I exclaimed, taking it all in. There was a way up to where the ledge was and at first I didn't think I would be able to make it. It's not like they had stairs installed!
"I think I need some help," I grunted as I tried to climb up without slipping and breaking something.
"More than glad to help," my dad responded behind me as he planted his hand on my all but bare butt and pushed. Yeah, he was glad to help all right.
"Hmmmmmm, I think I need more than that," I called back over my shoulder to him teasingly.
I felt his hand move and then his finger working its way into my crotch, pressing against the thin material covering it.
"That's better... almost there," I encouraged him. With all the echoes I had to be just a little subtle knowing that Keith had to be hearing very word we were saying along with anyone else nearby.
"Perfect!" I all but moaned as his finger pushed aside my thong and worked its way into my pussy. I could've stayed like this for a LOT longer but I could hear people talking behind us so I knew I needed to move upwards. The last stretch was actually quite difficult, at least for me. Working my way to the ledge - which turned out really wasn't a ledge at all but more like a few slippery rocks close to one another, was a bit scary even. My dad worked his way up behind me and held me by the waist to steady me.
"This is crazy!" I called down to the group. With that I leaped out and hit the water. Turned out not to be so bad and as soon as I was clear my dad had jumped in behind me.
"Go again?" he said when he'd caught up to.
My first reaction was to swim to the rocks and call it a day. While I was glad to have done it now, it certainly wasn't a water park ride with safe steps and handrails! Nonetheless it looked like everyone had pretty much done it that was going to do it so we wouldn't be as rushed this time. So without answering I just grinned and swam over to where Keith was still standing guard at the entrance.
"Go for two?" he teased, "Frankly, I was surprised you did it at all."
I wasn't sure if I appreciated the comment but then he was grinning and I realized he didn't mean any harm so I just nodded with a smile.
"Well, you both know the ropes so I'm going to get the others ready to go," Keith said to me and my dad who was now behind me. With that he lunged into the center and with a few strokes was pulling himself back onto the rock ledge.
After we'd worked our way inside it was just me and my dad as the ones ahead of us had either already jumped or were up at the top preparing to leap. It was a little eerie being alone inside with the noise of the falling water echoing. My dad held up his Tough waterproof camera and motioned for me to work up into the rocks leading to the top for some photos.
"You can do better than that," he teased me once I was in position. Seeing his eyes focused on my boobs it wasn't hard to figure out what he meant so the bikini top quickly came off and I was sitting there topless.
"You're kidding me," he huffed.
"If you insist" I said while grinning. Soon the bottoms were in my hand as well.
"That's more like it!" he said, finally happy with my lack of clothing, "Why do you have your legs so tight together?"
I started to reply with something about how I was squeezed in between the rocks which was true but obviously not what he wanted to hear. Wiggling into the openings and holing on with my hands, I somehow managed to put myself in a position with my legs as widely spread apart as I could manage.
"Play with yourself," my dad coached me as he switched to video mode.
"Daddy, they're gonna start wondering what we're doing," I tried to warn him but he just shrugged me off.
"So what, half of them probably have a pretty good idea anyways."
While trying not to lose my footing I began to masturbate as he caught me on camera. I have to say this had to be the most unique place I'd ever masturbated and to have it caught on video just made it all the better. At first I felt a little intimidated but then the feelings my fingers were producing soon overshadowed any worries in my head. Just as I was about to cum, though, a voice brought me back to reality.
"Everything OK?"
It was Linda checking up on us - just as I had warned my dad might happen. Well, at least it wasn't Keith. Then without waiting for a response, made her way in and her eyes widened as she quickly understood what was happening.
"Oh my," she giggled, "I didn't mean to interrupt but we're about ready to leave.
"It's OK, I think I got enough for us to enjoy later," my dad assured her and then added, "But if you'd like to join her... feel free!"
I swore Linda licked her lips a little but then she shook her head. "Maybe another time... we really need to go and get to camp."
"I'll hold you to that promise," my dad chuckled as I struggled to get my bikini back on. The bottoms weren't too hard as just pulled up but the top had to be tied behind my head and in the middle of my back and in the tight quarters I was stuck in I just couldn't make my arms bend in the necessary spots.
"Need some help?" Linda offered and I nodded quickly.
I couldn't turn around so she had to press up tight to me to reach around to tie things up. Her boobs pressed tightly into mine but I didn't dare say anything.
"That should do for now," she said backing away, "You might want to tighten it up a bit before you jump. This isn't exactly the easiest position to get it right."
With that she looked back at my dad and then at me and smiled while at the same time shaking her head just enough to convey that she had a pretty good idea of what was going on - as if she didn't before.
My dad thanked me and once again boosted me up the treacherous climb. Well, at least it was treacherous to me! One thing that continued to amaze me throughout this trip was why more people weren't seriously injure or even killed on these trips! Once at the top I gingerly maneuvered back to the jump-off point where I saw most of the group had left while a few stragglers were still packing things up. Linda was still there while Keith must have headed back to keep an eye on the ones returning. Next to here was Brad and Carrie, the youngest couple along with Darnell and Jasmin, the next youngest. They seemed to have become quite good friends, most likely because they were twenty to forty years younger than most of the other couples.
"Ready?" my dad said behind me as he steadied me once again.
Taking a deep breath, I leaned forward and jumped, hitting the water below with a splash. As I surfaced I realized I was missing something - my bikini top! Then I remembered Linda's warning about tightening it before I jumped. My mind had been so occupied with worrying about not killing myself it had totally been forgotten. I looked around desperately to try and find it but it was nowhere to be seen. It didn't help matters when my dad jumped in, stirring up the water even more.
"Missing something?" my dad asked with a grin as he paddled over to me.
"You could say that."
"Well, next time you better tie it tighter," he grinned as he reached out and handed it to me, "I say it in the water behind you and managed to snag it on my way in."
Somehow I managed to get it on good enough to get out of the water. Evidently nobody had noticed or at least if they had they were pretending they hadn't. Well, all but one.
"Warned you," Linda teased me.
What could I say? I slipped my flip flops back on as Linda led the way back to our rafts. Along the way I found myself wishing I'd taken the time to put on my shoes rather than just the flips flops as we climbed over rocks and jumped down from boulders. Still, all the guides wore them but then they did this every day!
Back on the raft we were soon headed downriver again. My dad pulled out his camera to check out the photos, handing me to me to check a few out. Sure enough, there I was in my birthday suit smiling innocently at the camera. Not exactly one I could use for my Facebook profile but certainly I knew my dad would be keeping handy.
Chapter 6 - Deer Creek Falls
============================
The next day we got an early start as Keith told us he'd like to beat the crowds if possible to what was one of the most visited stops along the river. Deer Creek Falls has one of the most iconic inner canyons of which I'd seen pictures that looked stunning and was anxious to see them for myself. What I hadn't known before the trip and was now finding to be inevitable was such views weren't for the faint of heart. It seemed everything worth seeing off the river involved some sort of hazardous trek which left me exhausted! Deer Creek Falls would prove to be no exception.
The rafts pulled in to the bank next to five small boats that Linda said were called dories. I couldn't believe anyone would ride in such a small boat through some of the rapids we'd experienced! They were all gone, leaving nobody behind. This may be the Grand Canyon and yeah, everyone was one big happy family but I don't see how anyone could be THAT trusting!
The first thing you see on arrival is the beautiful water falls emerging high above you and falling into a beautiful pool at the bottom. Looking around, I didn't see any sign of a trail or canyon so like where were these beautiful formations I saw in all the photos?
Keith was doing his thing as trip leader and we gathered around to hear the plan. When he pointed above his head to a ledge HIGH above us, and then said we first had to somehow climb all the way up, my first instinct was this would be one side trip I'd skip. OMG! The faint trail he showed us looked barely fit for a mountain goat! If it hadn't been for a couple of people making their way back down I might not have believed him.
"I'd advise against the flip flops Kelly," my dad said when Keith was finished. Like yeah, no kidding!
Thankfully we left the life preservers on the raft. I was also fortunate to have my dad to carry our daypack which had our water bottles and some snacks that were handed out before we started our trek. I fully expected some of the older couples to take a pass but even Don and Kate, our oldest couple in their 70's, seemed determined to go. As Don said when someone politely asked if they thought they could do it, this was a once-in-a-lifetime experience and he wanted to at least try.
Besides my footwear, I also changed out of my bikini bottom. It wasn't that I was shy about showing off my butt to the folks climbing behind me, but more I'd come to realize that a thong bikini and strenuous climbing didn't mix. I'd worn my thong up the super steep trail to see the graineries and by the time we were back my crotch was sore as heck from the thin material rubbing tight up against my pussy and even bunching up and riding inside my pussy lips until I could reach down and pull it out. Thus for today's hike I'd come prepared and packed a pair of shorts in our day gear just in case. They were plain old grey workout shorts which I'd cut to be even shorter. A little baggy at the legs, not only were they more fit for something like the hike I was facing but they also allowed a nice view from below which sort of made up for not wearing my bikini bottom.
Heading over to where some of the women were squatting in the river to take a pee before we left, I dropped my bikini and was pulling up the shorts when I heard from behind me, "Being a little more sensible today?"
Snugging up my shorts, I turned to my surprise to see Marge, an older woman I think was 59, traveling alone. We hadn't really interacted much other than the occasional polite conversation during dinner and such.
I smiled back as I adjusted my bikini top. "Yeah, it looks like quite a hike."
"Frankly, I don't understand how you gals wear those things in the first place," she answered, "But then I guess you must enjoy the attention ñ you've certainly had enough on this trip."
I just smiled, not certain where she was going.
"Oh don't get me wrong... if I had a body likes yours I'd be flaunting it as well," she hurriedly responded to my silent response.
"Thanks Marge, I appreciate that."
"Even so, not so sure how I would feel sleeping naked next to my father though," she came back. I wasn't sure at first where she was going but then she winked and pulled up her swim suit before heading back to the group, leaving me to wonder when she had seen me sleeping nude? Maybe in the middle of the night heading down to take a pee in the river?
In any case I soon rejoined my dad and we all crossed a small stream to get to where the trail started. Even the first few steps were a challenge and I could only imagine it would get only worse as we ascended. Indeed it did, to the point at one spot we had to use tree branches to make our way up a steep climb. Even though we rested a few times going up, by the time we reached the top I was exhausted and sweating profusely.
"Should've hit the stair-stepper before we came," I gasped to my dad as we took in the incredible view below is. Along the hike I'd spent of my time staring at the trail ahead of me and dint really notice just how high we'd come. From up here it looked even higher than it had down by the river!
"OK, the rest of the way is pretty flat," Linda told us all once we'd rested. Well, it may have been flat but it was still quite treacherous in my opinion at least. The trail went along the rock wall with Deer Canyon down to our right. It WAS gorgeous, even more so than the photos I'd seen. At one point though the trail really narrowed. Knowing that hundreds if not thousands of people a year passed by here, it amazed me that nobody had ever fallen in!
Other than the sheer drop-offs, it was an easy hike and soon we reached an open area where the group from the dories was just getting ready to take off on a hike further up the side canyon. Frankly, this was far enough for me! This was the perfect spot with shade and small stream where you could just soak your feet or even lay in although the water was a bit chilly. My dad broke out some snacks and we sat next to each other on a large flat rock with our shoes off and feet in the water.
"This is beautiful dad," I said softly as he put his arm around me and hugged me close, "I'm so glad you brought me here."
"Well, the beauty is only enhanced with you here," he replied.
"I'd love you to fuck me right here," I whispered, conscious there were people all around us."
His arm hugged me even tighter. "I would too... but somehow I think people might notice."
We both laughed and I rested my head on his shoulder, taking in the quiet beauty, listening to the water flowing over the rocks in front of us.
"I'm horny daddy," I sighed.
My dad chuckled. "How old are you now? You sound like you're fourteen again, complaining because your mom and I wouldn't let you masturbate in the car."
I shifted my position and replied, "Well, as I remember it there wasn't anybody who could see that would mind. It was pretty unfair actually."
"Passing traffic on the interstate is one thing, stalled in downtown traffic quite another," he defended himself. "Besides, when was the last time I ever tried to stop you from masturbating?"
He had me there. If anything my parents encouraged me as a teen and to be fair, the few times they said anything really were in my best interest.
"Well, not like it was my fault you didn't fuck me last night!"
Looking up I caught him rolling his eyes. "You know perfectly well that camp was so small last night we were practically on top of the others. It's bad enough I get the evil eye from half the women here as it is but even you have to admit last night just wasn't feasible."
It was the first time he'd said anything about anyone reacting to our nightly event so it made me curious. "So has anyone said anything?"
"The women, most of the older ones at least, won't even get in line beside me. "
"And the men?"
At that he smiled broadly. "I have to say I think most of them think I'm the luckiest bastard in the world... and I would have to agree with them."
"Have any of them actually said anything?"
"Only Scott," he answered. Knowing he was Holly's husband made it all the more interesting so I sat quietly, hoping he would continue which he did."
"I was a bit surprised actually with them having two boys. Turns out... and I bet you didn't know this, they have a twelve year-old daughter at home who they thought was too young for the trip."
"Oh really?" I said and indeed, I WAS surprised as neither Holly nor anyone else in the family had ever even mentioned a daughter back home.
"Yes indeed... he actually asked me point blank if we were having sex and of course I didn't try to deny it. Turns out he has desires for his daughter as well. We've had some interesting discussions while you've been out displaying yourself after dinner."
"Oh daddy!"
"Hey don't get me wrong, haven't seen anyone complaining!" he teased. "You know, I think he'd bang you in a heartbeat if you made half an effort. Actually I'm a bit astonished that you haven't by now as he hits most of your hot buttons."
Yes, he did with perhaps the only missing link was a daughter to lust for. Other than that, seducing a married man with kids was usually one of my favorite "hobbies". The only thing stopping me had been Holly. She was just so weird I wasn't sure how she would react of she found out.
"Well, all that's interesting but I'm STILL horny daddy."
My dad paused and I saw him twist his head to look around. "Look, if you're really THAT horny maybe we can find someplace..."
My dad stood up and too my head to help me to my feet. We slipped on our footwear and made our way back to a rock ledge where the guides were resting.
"We're going to check out the trail a bit," my dad told them. I guess technically we could have just gone but the guides always liked to know where we were just in case something happened. Plus, that way they knew to wait for us to return before finding out back at the rafts we were unaccounted for. Keith just nodded but I saw him look my dad in the eyes and grin. I wondered if Keith was one of the guys my dad had talked about when it came to having sex with me.
"There's really not much once you get past the rocks," Spencer offered, "You have to go quite a ways not to mention another uphill adventure to see anything worth the effort."
My dad thanked him and we headed off. Most everyone had done their exploring and were either back with the main group or, as was the case with a few, decided to head back early so they could take their time making their way down the steep slope. As we'd been told, after a few final huge boulders and actual trail emerged and headed off into the trees paralleling the small stream.
"Well, what do you think?" my dad said, looking around without seeing anyone.
"Right here? Sort of out in the open don't you think?" I questioned him.
My dad leaned over and kissed me briefly. "Since when are you the shy one?"
It was like he was challenging me, almost daring me. Well, I may not be the bravest person when it comes to most thing but when it came to sex I NEVER lost a dare. I like to say that there's nothing I've ever done sexually that I regret - it's the things I HAVEN'T done that I do. That said, there are many things I've done once and will never do again but unless it involves pain (BSDM, etc.) or being gross (anal sex, scat, etc.), why not give it a try?
"Well I'll show you!" I taunted him, quickly stripping off my bikini top and shorts leaving me naked in just my shoes. I'd found early on that barefoot was NOT an option in most areas of the GC - too many creatures, sharp rock, and such unless in the sandy beach areas and even then you never knew what was hiding in wait.
"Now THAT's the Kelly I know and love," he said, responding by dropping his own shorts but keeping on his T-shirt. His dick was already rising... so who was really the horny one?
"This is so cool," I murmured as we hugged and kissed, our nude bodies pressing into one another, "Doing this in such a beautiful place... out in the open where anyone could see us..."
"Probably better for both of us if no one does," he joked half-heartedly. While I could see his point, really... what difference did it make? After all, I was 32 years old so not like anyone could say I was being molested or a victim of statutory rape. While incest may not approved by most people, it wasn't illegal between consenting adults. Besides, a quick search on the Internet would show a LOT more people are turned on by it than they may care to admit when asked. All it takes is a look at the number of views of my diary to see which entries get the most views.
"Mmmmmmm, your dick feels so good in my hand," I sighed as I reached down and wrapped my fingers around him, "I could never get enough of it... knowing what it means to feel you so hard in my hand."
"Yes..." my dad groaned as I stroked him, "It's all for you baby... it's ALWAYS been for you."
On our walk over I had assumed I would suck his cock and then he'd fuck me - the usual sequence for us in such situations. My dad certainly enjoyed eating my pussy but it wasn't something he typically did. I think it's more he just gets so horny and anxious to fuck me that he simply wants to get to it as quickly as possible. If it wasn't for the fact that he loved watching me suck his dick so much I think he'd probably even forego that!
"God I need you Kelly," my father moaned as we kissed passionately, my hand stroking him as he gripped my butt with both hands and pulled me closer. My heart beat faster as I knew what it meant when my dad said he "needed" me - what he really needed was to FUCK me.
"I'm yours daddy... take me... fuck me daddy, fuck your little girl."
Our eyes met and I could see the lust smoldering within his. Yes, by now I knew exactly the words he wanted to hear and how to say them. He may be my father yet at the same time he was no different than most men I've been with. They all want pretty much the same thing - for me to beg them to fuck me and say it like I was little girl.
Well, so much for a blowjob as my dad twisted me to face the huge boulder alongside the stream. Suddenly it was so quiet as all I could hear was the water flowing over the rocks. It was indeed like we were in our own private paradise even though I knew the rest of our group was less than a hundred feet away. I put my hands flat on the smooth rock face and stepped back, spreading my feet apart as I did.
"I'm ready for you daddy," I said in as seductive a voice as I could master, wiggling my bare butt at him as I looked over my shoulder. He had a firm grip on his erection and I could see he was staring at my exposed bottom.
"Your ass is definitely the most beautiful sit in the canyon," he said as he approached me with cock in hand.
I felt his hands grip my waist as he pressed up against me causing his dick to slide up between my butt cheeks. The thick publicly hair that surrounded it tickled me a little and I giggled as he stroked his cock up and down my ass crack.
"Stop teasing me daddy... FUCK me!" I scolded him playfully. It was totally unnecessary as I knew it was inevitable at this point but I also knew he loved me saying it and I LOVED to please him.
"Well, since you asked," he joked as I felt him back away allowing his dick to slide down and then under to press against my pussy. I was so damn horny! At this point all I could think about was how it would feel when he entered me and how badly I wanted it inside of me.
"God your pussy feels good," he groaned as he penetrated me. His stroked increased in depth each time until his incestuous cock was finally totally engulfed by his daughter's wet pussy - just as it was meant to be.
"That's it daddy... take me... fuck me," I pleaded, not just to please him anymore but because I wanted it! "You feel so good so deep in me!"
While we'd fucked already many times on this trip, this was the best so far. Whether it was the surrounding beauty of the canyon, the fact we were doing it on a trail where anyone could pass by at any moment, or just because we both were so horny and anxious, I don't know but what I DID know was nothing else mattered at this moment other than being joined with my father and submitting myself totally to him. His strokes gained speed and forcefulness as his most basic needs emerged to be fulfilled by me as no other woman in the world could. My father loved my mom and I knew when it came to pure lust nothing took him over than his needs to young girls, but when it came to the total satisfaction of both his physical and emotional needs nobody could give him what I could - his own daughter's body.
As we fucked he leaned over, wrapping his arms around and holding my boobs in his hands as his hips bucked behind me, continuing to drill himself into me as he squeezed my boobs and pulled on my hard nipples. I swayed on my feet in time with his thrusts, hoping to drive him even deeper into me.
"Oh God... I'm almost there," he groaned as if in pain but I knew he was feeling something far better.
"Cum in me daddy... give me your love," I begged him, "Show me how much you love me."
Despite everything I couldn't help but hear voices nearby. Crap! Now was NOT certainly the time to be discovered. If there was one thing I'd learned from the first time my dad fucked me was once he was at this stage, NOTHING would stop him. Indeed, it was almost scary at times when he was on top of me and I could see his face as he reached his orgasm. It was an expression I never saw any other time than at this moment, an expression of pure desire and lust. While I can't ever imagine doing so, I knew without a doubt that even if I ever tried to stop him he wouldn't. It was like his mind just blanked everything else out to where all he cared about was cumming inside of me. While neither of us had the capability of creating a baby, he once confessed to my mom )who of course passed it on to me) that he felt like he was mating me, taking me as totally as any man can take woman.
I could see on the other bank some people exploring. They were still a ways downstream were occupied such that they not even noticed us. Still, I knew from their angle that when they got closer they would have affine side view of me and my dad and even if we hadn't been all but naked, there was nothing subtle about what we were doing. It wasn't that I was shy about being watched when having sex - quite the opposite if anything. I've always been a bit of an exhibitionist an as a general rule it's much more fun to be watched. Even so, there's a time and place for everything and THIS was not the time OR the place. While I'm sure there were a few suspicions amongst some of our fellow travelers, suspicion is better than certainty when it comes to these sort of matter. If anything I've found over the years that people tend to give the benefit of the doubt when they think they may have seen something as after all, I can't possibly be fucking my own father, right? LOL
Just then my thoughts were brought back as my dad's lust peaked and he instinctively rammed himself as deep inside of me as he could such that when the first stream of his cum erupted from his cock and it deposited deep within me. It's the same with most men which I attribute to our genes developed over the millennia to where the male wants his sperm to have the best chance of surviving and achieving their mission. It didn't matter that his cum was devoid of sperm or even it wasn't my womb didn't carry eggs anymore - it was the thought that counts as most people like to say.
"Yes!" was all he get out, gasping for air as he pumped one load after another of his cum into my welcoming pussy. It was exactly what I needed and I wanted as much as he could provide. What made it even sexier for me were the people approaching. When would they see us? It seemed inevitable if they continued on their path but at the last minute they must have determined they were at the end of the trail and turned back to our group.
My dad never even had a clue as he just stood now behind me, his dick first imbedded in me and then slipping out of my cum-drenched pussy. It was the one moment of sex I hated the most - when suddenly it was like my pussy was SO empty. Yes, a total 180 degree turn from when he first entered me and I felt like I would burst. Times like this only served to solidify my conviction regarding sex with my dad. How could it be wrong when my body craved him so much?
"I suppose we probably better head back before someone comes looking for us," my dad said as he looked around. The people I'd been worried about were out of sight now so he had no idea how close we'd come to having an audience!
Then speaking of timing, just as we'd pulled back on our clothes I was startled by the sudden appearance of a small group of hikers passing through. I recalled something our guides had mentioned about how this location was accessible from the rim and that a campsite was located less than a mile upstream but hadn't really thought much about it. Wow, that would really have been interesting but then they wouldn't have known we were father and daughter either. We let them pass before heading back ourselves given they were much better dressed for hiking and making good time compared to us.
The trip back to the river was rather uneventful. Apparently I was actually starting to become accustomed to near-death experiences as even the narrow section of the trail didn't seem to bother me nearly so much as it had on the way in. It was funny though how it was almost harder going down the trail than it had been going up as my knees took a beating with all the dropping from one rock down to the trail... over and over and over again! Soon we were back though and shading down the river with the drone of the motor our constant companion. It wasn't THAT load but still I wondered how it must be for those in the smaller rafts to just float peacefully though the magnificent canyon.
Chapter 7 - Last Night
======================
The last major stop on our trip was supposed to be Havasu Canyon. We were told it was another turquoise water paradise, similar to the Little Colorado without the rapids but more scenic and even a place we could jump in from a high rock. As we got close the guides seemed a little tense and soon I could see why. The pull-in location for the large rafts was downriver of the mouth of the incoming stream by some rock plateaus. That in itself didn't seem so bad as a couple were already tied up. However, that was before I saw what was immediately downstream - a big rapid! If Linda missed the landing we could end up going down the rapids with no chance of returning. What was potentially even worse was if one of us should fall in there was no chance of rescue until after you'd been through the rapids, hopefully emerging in one piece!
By now though I had total faith in Linda and she didn't fail us, pulling in like she'd done it a hundred times before which actually wasn't all that far off the mark. As we piled out and started to walk over the rock face I heard something new for me in the canyon - thunder.
Keith called to everyone to come back to the raft as he scanned the skies. This far down the canyon you really have a limited view of the sky, not like the far-off horizons visible at the top of the canyon walls. Then the sky darkened quickly and the heavens opened as rain poured down. We all scurried for our rain gear tucked into our day bags. Not only was it to keep dry, but it was like the temperature had nose-dived and I was starting to feel cold for the first time on the trip, at least when not in the water. The thunder grew louder and soon lightning was striking. Normally I'm the type who enjoy standing outside and watching a good thunderstorm but down here trapped between walls of stone it wasn't nearly so entertaining!
The three guides huddled until finally Keith returned. He explained that while these storms typically passed quickly, this one had the making of something longer and our schedule didn't allow for a long delay if we were to make camp tonight. It was critical we get to where we needed to be as the first thing in the morning we'd be heading for the helicopter site to take us out of the canyon and so we had to camp close so the guides could prepare everything.
The next couple hours or so were the most miserable house I can ever remember. Unfortunately Keith's predication had been right on the money - the storm persisted. It didn't just rain on us - it POURED. So much for our LL Bean "waterproof" rain suits. My dad mumbled many times how he was going to be returning them the day we got back home! Cold and soaking wet, I huddled up against my dad, shivering violently.
We eventually reached the campsite. By then the rain had stopped but the sky was still cloudy so for the first time we broke out the tents as nobody wanted to spend the night outside just in case it rained again. Keith tried to talk us out of it, saying that it rarely stormed at night but nobody as willing to risk it. It was a bit of a comedy show though as nobody has any experience setting up the tents and the guides were too occupied with dinner preparations to help. Once someone figured it out the rest of us watched and soon everyone had theirs up.
Later as we ate dinner for the last time we all remarked how quickly the week had gone by. I was dressed in denim shorts and a white tank top I'd save for the last day but with the cooler air I figured I'd just risk getting it dirty. It was actually the most conservative outfit I had brought with but considering I'd left all my underwear in "rim world" it still wasn't THAT conservative. The cooler air especially helped my nipples to poke through the tight material - needless to say my top was at least a size too small. It also plunged quite low, exposing about as much cleavage as possible while not allowing my boobs to pop out. Being so tight though also prevented any views from above, undoubtedly much to the chagrin of the guys who seemed to always have to walk behind me when I was eating while sitting in my chair.
With the clouds the sky darkened even earlier than usual so we all said out goodnights and disappeared into our tents. Well, all but a few hardy souls who wanted to spend the last night under the stars. Inside our tent my dad had spread both of our sleeping bags, one on top the other, like a blanket. No doubt everyone else was using their cots but clearly my dad had other plans for our last night together in the Grand Canyon. Besides, the sand wasn't that uncomfortable to sleep on, especially with the sleeping bags doubled up under us. One thing though would be nice, no bugs tonight! Still, he left the flaps undone to keep us from sweltering. A nice breeze was blowing, at least at the moment, so hopefully we wouldn't be too hot.
It felt good to slip off my shorts and tank top and lay naked on the sleeping bags. Even so, with the moon covered by the clouds it was pitch black though so it wasn't like my dad could see me. I could hear him fumbling with his clothes and then his hands on my ankles as he made his way in the dark. It was like a blond man exploring me and I found it rather sensual.
"I'm going to miss this," he said softly as his hands slowly worked their way up my bare legs, "This has been an incredible week."
"I love you daddy... thanks so much for bringing me here, it?s been a perfect week."
He laughed, "Even with the rain today?"
"Well..." I said and paused. We both laughed then.
"You know, in a way it worked out just fine," my dad said as his hand found their way to my thighs and I spread them out for him. I'd deliberately held them tightly together until he started to press his hands between them, opening them then deliberately such that he knew I was offering myself to him. It was little things like that I knew he appreciated. I'd learned early on that a guy loves it most when a girl actively shows him he wants her through words and deeds. I COULD have laid there with my legs spread apart and made it easier but by opening them in response to his touch demonstrated that I was submitting myself to him.
"Mmmmmmm," I murmured as his hand pressed into my crotch. I felt his fingers exploring me in the darkness. Yes indeed, it WAS dark! It was like being in a cave a mile underground. Even with my eyes no adjusting I couldn't even see the outline of my father as he caressed me lovingly.
"Kiss me daddy... kiss my pussy."
For whatever reason, eating my pussy wasn't something my dad did often. My mom has even told me he never did it for her all that much while they were married. In fact, once she even remarked how I did it more than him! Admittedly I much prefer it to be done by a girl but still, sometimes I think the man needs to show a little effort for what I'm about to do for him! While I couldn't see his expression or his initial response, I knew he never failed to take my "hints" to heart and yet again I wasn't disappointed.
"Oh daddy... that feels SOOOOO good!" I sighed as I felt his unseen tongue on my clit. Then one of his fingers pressed into me, easily slipping inside of me thanks to the my arousal. "Right there daddy... right there!"
Damn, I knew I'd put my headlamp someplace where it would supposedly be easy to find in the dark but now that I actually needed it of course I couldn't find it. Just as men seem to all love watching me when I'm sucking their dicks, so too do I when it comes to watching their face pressed into my crotch, their outstretched tongue dancing on my clit and pussy. It's so erotic to see their face wet from pressing into my pussy, knowing that sheen is due to my sexual desire and needs.
I felt my hips rise up as he put his arms under my thighs and pushed forward, causing my butt to raise off the sleeping bag and then there was the feel of his large hands cupping my buttocks. It was like he was holding a watermelon in his hands, lifting it up to his face and then gorging himself on the taste of me.
A second finger now joined the first, stretching me more apart as his tongue worked his way and his lips grasped my pussy lips between them. Using his two fingers to stretch me apart, his tongue pushed its way inside of me, like a slipper smooth dick teasing me. My hands were each on one of my boobs, squeezing them and massaging them as my father ate my pussy. Maybe it was having so many people camped near to us. Maybe it was the blackout darkness. Maybe he was inspired by the amazing place we were at the moment. Whatever it was, it was life this was the best my dad had ever been when it came to oral sex with me!
"Damn you taste good," I heard him whisper. It was so quiet even a low whisper sounded like it was coming from a megaphone. Could anyone hear us? I knew some of the other tents were only a few feet away but given we'd never used them until this night, I had no idea what they could or could not hear but as it WAS out last night, who cared? Well, not me, that's for sure - and apparently the same went for my dad.
My butt dropped back to the soft sleeping bag as his arms pulled back from under me. Even though it was so dark I couldn't make out a thing, I still closed my eyes as I felt his hands land on my upper thigh, one on each side, and then gently caress my legs from my hip to my ankles. Mmmmmmm, it felt so good feeling his hands over me. I tried to imagine him now as he had to have been kneeling between my legs all stretched out and wide apart. After making a few round trips he moved from the tops of my thighs more to the inner parts, making me tingle when he would push up to my hip bone with his thumbs pushed out such that they rubbed up along my soaking wet pussy, pushing through my wet pubic hair.
"You know... I've always loved your legs," he whispered as he just ribbed my upper inner thighs now, continuing to tease my pussy with each pass. "God your skin feels so warm and soft... so smooth."
Thankfully it WAS so dark so he couldn't see me stifling a giggle. It hadn't been all that easy - of fun for that matter, shaving my legs earlier in the cold river. True, at this point in the trip it was the warmest it had been the entire week but it was STILL far from a nice warm shower. From what I could tell, none of the other women had bothered shaving the entire trip but then they didn't have their father along to please either.
"And your perfect belly... so flat and smooth," he continued as his hands moved upward, first up along the outside of my hip and then over my torso below my boobs. "You have the best figure of any woman on this trip."
Well... flattery will get a man EVERYWHERE, especially when it's your dad complimenting your nude body. It's not like he HAD to say such things - I would have given myself to him this evening even if he had said nothing. Still, a girls can NEVER get too many compliments.
Then it was my boobs' turn as his invisible hands moved over them, covering them more than most of the outfits I'd worn on the trip.
"Remember when I first touched these?" he asked softly, gently toying with them as his thumbs ran over my nipple.
"Yes daddy... I do," I cooed softly in return. Honestly, I really wasn't sure exactly which time he was referring to but then did it really matter. Obviously HE remembered one special time as being the first and so long as it made him happy, it made me happy.
"They're just... so perfect," he complimented me again as he caressed them softly to start and then more firmly. I smiled to myself recalling the time he'd named them "Goldilocks boobs" - not too small, not too big, but just right.
I couldn't help myself as I jumped slightly when his mouth took my right nipple between his lips and tugged gently. I hadn't seen his head lower so it was bit of s surprise. Not that it was a surprise that he DID it - my dad had always loved to suck on my breasts. It was just I hadn't seen him and I'd been so focused on his hands that I couldn't help but react.
"I love your nipple... they get so big and hard when you're excited."
While I couldn't SEE them to confirm his findings, I could certainly FEEL my nipples and the way they felt now I had to imagine my nipples were like two large pencils erasers, poking out. Given how large they became when I was aroused, it was always a source of pride for me the way guys would stare at my chest when I wore a tight thin tank top or sheer while blouse.
As my dad leaned over me to suckle my breasts, I could feel the tip of his hard dick against my leg. Even though I knew the odds were for all intents and purposes 100% that it would be inside of me before long, I still couldn't help but feel a little anxious - not to mention incredibly horny! From the way he was twerking his hips to cause it to rub against me, I got the distinct impression my dad was as horny as I was - and likely even more if I knew him.
From my boobs he made his way to my neck, his tongue tracing a path on my upper chest and then he lips caressed my neck and as he gently kissed me, his tongues continued to play against my skin. The he did what I know he must know to be my favorite.. kissing my neck and earlobes while he played with my hair. There's just something about feeling a man running his fingers through my hair that I find incredible erotic. I've even cum more than once just from that alone although granted, I'd been extremely horny at the time.
"I love so much when you touch me daddy... when you kiss me," I moaned.
"Mmmmmmm, I love you baby girl," he responded and I knew what THAT signaled. Reaching down, I grabbed his hard erection in my hand and guided him as he maneuvered himself into place between my legs. I raised my knees until me feet were flat on the sleeping bad which allowed me to lift my hips to make it easier for him. It was exciting and yet almost scary at the same time. Exciting in that I knew my dad was about to fuck me, almost scary in that I knew at this moment it was going to happen now no matter what I might say or do. It's not like I could ever imagine WANTING to stop him at this point, but it was something to consider that neither did I have choice any longer.
"Oh YES daddy! Fuck me!" I groaned as I felt the head of his dick barely penetrate me. While I couldn't see it now, I had plenty pf prior memories to fill in what the darkness hid. Indeed, as he began to press harder against me, forcing my tight pussy to accept him, I could see as clearly as if the tent was lit with a spotlight the first time I'd felt this very same sensation. Then I was laying on my bed, watching in amazement as my father prepared to fill me with his incestuous erection.
"Deeper daddy... I want you ALL inside of me."
"And I want nothing more... nothing in the whole world," he replied.
"Ohhhhhh!" I cried out, louder than perhaps I should have considering the not exactly private situation but I couldn't help myself. There's not a better feeling for me in the entire world than what I was experiencing at this very moment - the filling of my empty pussy with my father's incestuous dick. It was like I was made for him, as if my pussy had been created solely for his cock. Then again he WAS my father so why wouldn't we fit perfectly together?
"I could stay like this forever baby girl," he said in a voice hoarse and thick with his lust for me once he had bottomed out, his hairy pubic hair now pressed tightly against my crotch. I could feel the base of his dick pressing into my pubic bone, grinding into my clit.
At that moment I felt the exactly the same. I wanted to beg him to hold me, to fuck me, to never physically separate himself from me ever again but it wasn't necessary. His forearms were around my neck as we kissed like lovers as his elbows kept the weight of his body off of me. His hips were silent, allowing his throbbing dick to simply rest inside of me, caressed by my wet warmth. It was home... exactly where it belonged... deep inside his loving daughter's pussy.
As much as I would have loved to have simply stayed that way all night, I knew from past experience it wasn't going to last long and indeed, my dad's male instincts soon took over.
That's it daddy... fuck me," I begged, wrapping my legs around him and locking my ankles to enable me to pull him into me, as if he needed any help! I also knew those were the three words my dad loved to hear more than any other... "Fuck me daddy!" What was so cool was that only one person in the entire world could say those words to him... ME!
He didn't SAY anything in response but instead just grunted as his mind focused on what a millennium of evolution and instinct now drove him to do - to mate a female and dominate her. True, it was mostly symbolic in that neither of us had the physical ability to actually "mate" but as they say, it's the thought that counts. Likewise when it came to domination. Yes, he outweighed me by a lot and was so much stronger than me but I knew that in the end there was way he would ever hurt me or allow harm to come to me. At the same time it was why I loved being in the missionary position with him - to "submit" myself to my father as a good Christian daughter is meant to do.
It was SOOOOO quiet! Indeed the silence was such that it seemed to magnify the sounds of our sex. Each time his crotch met mine as he plunged deep into me there was a slapping sound that sounded like a thunderclap in the stillness. Our mutual moans of ecstasy would normally never be heard but what about tonight in the quiet of the night at the bottom of the Grand Canyon? Each grunt from my dad as he thrust himself into me seemed to echo off the tent walls. True, maybe it was all my imagination but still... was it?
Typically we would be changing positions but tonight we remained as we were, me lying flat on my back while my dad hovered over me, his hips rhythmically moving up and down to drive his dick into em, and then back to pull it all but out of me. Once in a while he would overdo it and accidently pull out, causing me to whimper with the sudden feeling of loneliness as I waited anxiously for him to return. What was even more amazing was how long he was holding out without succumbing to the final stage... ejaculation.
As for me, I have no idea how many times I came. It was like one endless orgasm as one would rise and then before it could ebb away another took its place, raising me once again to the ultimate plateau of pleasure. The poor sleeping bag below me must be getting soaked with my cum but that was about the LAST thing on my mind as my daddy fucked me silly.
Usually just watching my dad's face is all I need to see to be warned about his impending explosion but tonight I couldn't even see an outline in the pitch blackness. Too bad as it was so erotic to watch the transformation as his orgasm rose within him. It was almost animal-like as his lust and need for sexual fulfillment consumed the last vestige of his fatherhood. I could see it in his eyes as his dick swelled, the most sensual and intense look ever seen on a man. But not tonight as the darkness was like the shades had been pulled on the window to his desires.
"Oh God, I'm cumming!" he groaned as I felt him drive himself into me as far as he could. With his dick fully engulfed by my pussy I felt the pressure of his hips as he convulsed, each time shooting a stream of his cum deep within me. I could barely feel the bloom of warmth but it was there.. my dad's love for me taking up residence within me.
"I love you so much Kelly," he moaned as I felt him collapse, his elbows still catching most of his weight but he as weaker now and correspondingly I felt more of him pressing down on me. I couldn't help but notice as well that he called me Kelly instead of baby girl or any other of a litany of pet names he had for me.
With that he rolled over to the side of me, his spent dick now free from my grip, leaving me naked on my back as I felt his incestuous cum dripping out of me and down along my ass hole. Poor sleeping bad - even more of a need to wash it now!
Not surprisingly, my dad quickly fell asleep, snoring loudly now. My chest was still pounding as my heart slowly resumed its normal rate. Damn, I wanted more! At the same time, I was a little annoyed at another feeling - this one not exactly welcome. Damn if I didn't have to pee... and BAD!
Reaching out, my hand landed squarely on top of my headlamp. Now why had it been so hard to find before? In any case, I put it on my head and turned it on. My dad was lying on his back - hence the loud snores, and I couldn't help but stare at his now limp cock. It was hard to believe seeing it so small and shriveled that it had felt so he in me just minutes before! Looking about, I tied to find my clothes but apparently they were now under my sleeping father and I knew for all intents and purposes they were goners, at least until he woke in the morning. Damn, where was everything?
I couldn't keep looking - Mother Nature was calling and she wasn't going to take no for an answer much longer. There was something - one of the towels we'd bought that were supposedly good at soaking things up yet quick to dry. Only problem was it wasn't exactly a beach towel - more like a hybrid between a bath towel and hand towel. Oh well, it would have to do.
Ever notice how the simplest things become major enterprises when you have to go to the bathroom? Unzipping the tent fell right into that category as I struggled to get it open. Finally I managed to do it just right and it mocked me - the final portions unzipping easily as if to say it had been all my fault until then.
Stepping outside, the temperature had dropped somewhat but at least the sky had cleared. As bad as I had to go, I couldn't help but witching off my headlamp and looking up into the incredible display above me. The Milky Way was magnificent, something I might never see again after tonight.
"It's beautiful, isn't it?"
If I'd been wearing shoes I'd have jumped right out of them. It was so dark that I hadn't seen anyone approach but as quiet as it was you would have thought I'd of heard something but apparently I'd been so mesmerized by the skies that I hadn't been listening.
At first I wasn't sure who it was but then I remembered the voice. It had to be Don, the oldest person on the trip. He and his wife Kate were both in their 70's and whole they didn't do many of the side hikes, I was amazed they could make the trip in the first place! I hadn't really interacted with either of them much other than some friendly conversation at dinner of when they sat next to us on the raft.
"Sorry, didn't mean to frighten you," he said softly. My eyes had adjusted to the dark again and there was just enough starlight to see him now - which also meant there was just enough starlight for him to see ME now! Which reminded me... the towel was in my hand, NOT around my body.
"Ooops... sorry," I said as I hurriedly wrapped it around me as best I could. It barely even went once around me and there was no way it was big enough to full cover my boobs AND my ass at the same time so I compromised - just over my nipples and ALMOST over my butt.
"Oh don't worry - it's not like most of us haven't seen most of you during the past week," he chuckled. "Sorry... one thing about being old is having to make a lot of trips to the river."
"Ummmmm, me too," I replied as I followed him down the trail to the river edge. On arrival I saw the water level in the river had risen dramatically, not an unusual occurrence which was why they warned us to be careful o0n trips on like this. Sometimes it was higher, other times lowered but one way or the other it was never how we left it when we went to bed. Only problem now was the spots where we'd previously used for this were now submerged, leaving only one small area where it looked to be safe to go.
"I guess ladies first," Don offered.
"Nonsense, as you said, it's not like we haven't seen the other dong this before," I said.
"I don't mind if you don't," he chuckled again, "Then again, I think I get the better end of this deal."
We were only a couple of feet apart as he pulled out his cock and quickly began to pee. By now I was about to pee down my leg so I quickly squatted, the towel rising up over my waist as I relieved myself. I sort of expected Don would look away but no... he was staring right at me. Of course I hadn't exactly positioned myself to block his view either. It sort of turned me on to have him watching me pee in the river. Not that I enjoy anything having to do with pee or bowel movements but in this situation it was rather erotic.
"You're quite the girl you know," he commented as he finished and pulled his swim shorts back into place.
"How's that?" I asked, repositioning my towel as best I could.
"Are you really his daughter?"
The question surprised me even though in retrospect it probably shouldn't have. Still, why not be truthful?
"Yes I am... his only daughter for that matter."
"I hope you don't mind me saying this..."
Oh boy, here it comes. I just knew the old guy was going to say something about how inappropriate I'd been the entire trip, about how I should be ashamed for carrying on so in front of strangers, especially considering it was my father I was doing it with. Well, just goes to show you never should judge a book by its cover...
"Just wanted to say thanks for making this trip the hottest experience of my life."
Whoa! Now what do you say when something says something like that? I mean I'd been told that about to hear things but the context in which he was saying it I was quite surprised yet again.
Don continued. It was like once the gates were open he couldn't stop.
"Kelly, you're beautiful, one of the prettiest girls I've ever had the pleasure of spending time with, even if we haven't exactly spoken all that much this trip. I know some of the folks weren't as happy as I was with the way you dressed and behaved - my wife would be at the top of THAT list, but I for one will never forget you. Can I ask one more question?"
I smiled and started to pull down my towel as I knew what was coming but Don was full of surprised. Then again, like before I suppose it shouldn't have been such a surprise.
"What I heard in the tent tonight... was your dad really screwing you?"
My hand froze in place just in time before totally exposing myself. Hmmm, so we COULD be heard outside our tent but then again he didn't say just where he had been when he heard. Maybe he'd been on his way to the river and was right next to us and stopped to listen.
I kept smiling and looked him in the eyes saying, "Yes, he did... and I loved it."
It was like Don didn't know how to respond. Something told me that no matter how slutty and flirting I'd been all week there was still no way I would actually be having sex with my dad. Now that he knew the truth it was like he was frozen in place staring at me. Just then a thought came to me. If he was going to stare, why not give him something to stare at? With that I dropped my towel and stood there in the darkness, lit by his headlamp as if I was on a stage with s spotlight zeroed in on me.
"One for the road, shall we say?" I teased him nicely, twirling to give him a 360 degree view.
"Oh god," was all he could get out. Poor old man, 75 years and it wasn't likely until now that any girl had ever done this to him before. I was horny anyways so what did it hurt?
"Wanna feel my boobs, Don?"
He just stood there in his water shorts and T-shirt, frozen in place so I reached out and took his hand, placing it squarely on my exposed breast. At first it just laid there but then he squeezed it. It was only for a minute or so and then he pulled back.
"Please cover up Kelly," he said in a hoarse whisper, "A man my age can't take much more."
I just smiled all the more as I did. I then started back up the path saying as I passed him, "Well, we better get back. Enjoy the view."
At first he had this quizzical look as it was too dark to see the canyon. Then he turned to me and his headlamp lit up the path in front of him, including my bare butt as I allowed the towel to slip up. I never turned back or looked at him again as I made my way to out tent and slipped inside but I could literally feel his eyes on my butt as I slowly and deliberately walked back. It wasn't until I was in the tent that I realized not only Don was able to see my bare ass but also anyone else who might be awake this late at night! Oh well, nobody said anything so either nobody or saw or they enjoyed the view as well.
Freshly fucked, bladder emptied, and a bit of naughtiness along the way, I quickly feel asleep lying next to my snoring dad, my arms around him as I pressed my naked body against his for the last time on this wonderful trip.
THE END