Had somebody mentioned the possibility of me fucking my wife in the back seat of a taxi while the driver watched, a few months ago I would have suggested the person be committed. Well, at least she was somewhat discreet. While her blouse was bunched at her waist and her 36 C's were bouncing with each thrust, at least her skirt partially shielded the conjugal act. The driver simply smiled and waited patiently, in no hurry as he was enjoying the show. I think I still have indentations on my backside from laying on the seat belt buckles in the back seat as Janet slammed her hot pussy on my rock hard 6 inches.
Janet had simply slipped her silky thong panties to the side during the heat of passion while my jockey shorts ended up being sacrificed to clean up the not insignificant mess after our coupling. While the driver seemed content with his proposition of watching in lieu of fare compensation, I nevertheless paid and tipped him generously after extracting a gentleman's commitment to discretion regarding who he had witnessed.
We were just barely presentable as the resort's doorman helped us with our baggage. Janet's tell, very aroused nipples clearly making their braless presence known through her skimpy tank top, coupled with messed up hair and the sheen of perspiration from exertion, say nothing of the embarrassed look of someone who is walking way on the other side of the line from normal for a suburban wife and mom, probably clued the check-in staff as to what had been going on.
The woman behind the counter kind of giggled when she mentioned the honeymoon suites were available. The doorman led with our luggage in tow as we walked to our unit. Janet whispered, "I can't believe we just did that! I wonder what was in that drink at the airport and why Lisa's clothes make me feel this way?"
"It felt just fine to me. We are on vacation. No harm, no foul, just a little adult fun. I will find out what was in that cocktail so we can order it again." I responded. "I have a feeling the driver's wife will get a little action tonight too and he will be telling his friends about that fare for years."
Not surprisingly, we were both exhausted and quickly cleaned up, put a few things away, took a quick look around and hit the sack.
The room was bright with an eastern view allowing the early sunrise to light up the room. We awoke about the same time and Janet's first words were, "I can't believe what we did." The same words as the night before but now in the full sobriety of a new day. "We need to talk."
We cleaned up, got dressed, explored the suite a little bit, then headed over to the dining hall for the breakfast buffet. The resort was all inclusive. Janet looked smart with a pair of pink silk shorts and tank top. They were very appropriate for public wear but nonetheless sexy as the silk fabric laid snugly on her curves. We had learned at check-in that the resort was about 30% occupied during this soft launch. Staff had mentioned that free resort packages were a promotional prize in a brides' magazine, and they were hosting 30 honeymooning couples. The presence of several lovey-dovey couples seemed to confirm that information.
Over breakfast we revisited the prior evenings events. Janet started by asking if I was nervous about our safety. I responded, "We had the driver's information thru our ride-sharing app, he had a picture of his family taped on the dash and he had a figurine of St. Christopher, the patron saint of safe travels, glued on his dashboard, hardly the kind of guy who was going to pull a gun and attack us. I think he gave us a five-star customer rating."
Janet continued with the questions. "Did you find it exciting that he was watching us?"
"Yes, the whole situation was exciting, strange country, no kids to worry about, my wife in very sexy clothes acting very sexy for me, and a stranger watching and enjoying the show. The fact that you were willing and seemed to be enjoying it added to my enjoyment."
Janet smiled, "I did get a little excited. It's nice to know that a mother of two kids can still attract attention."
"You've put in some hard work and your body looks fantastic, with Lisa's clothes and your body I'm sure you'll attract plenty of attention on this trip."
"So how much attention do you want me to get? Would you get jealous if it were young men on the beach instead of an old cab driver? What if you were watching and other men were flirting with me. Would that be OK? And what if I flirted back? What if he wanted to not just look at me but also touch me? Kiss me? Hug me? Feel my breasts? Or more? Where are you drawing the line for both me and the guy? Janet asked.
I paused in reflection then started to answer. "First, I don't want you to do anything you don't want to do. I also don't want you to do anything I don't want you to do. I don't want us to take any unreasonable risks. What we do on this vacation stays on the island. We don't and won't act this way in the states. Everything we do we do together. I don't want you flirting or tolerating someone flirting with you without being rebuffed if I'm not around."
Janet reacts. "Sounds reasonable. What if I only want to flirt with really hot guys?"
"No problem. The hotter the better if it gets you more excited."
"Multiple guys? Married Guys?"
I responded. "No restrictions on flirting in safe places. Go for it you hot MILF."
Janet giggled, "Are you going to be flirting with other women too?"
"I hadn't thought about that. I won't seek out anyone to flirt with, I'll be watching you. If the wife or girlfriend of a guy that's flirting with you flirts with me, I'll likely participate. But I won't do anything that you and the guy aren't doing."
Janet smiled, "Enough of this hypothetical fantasy talk. Let's go to the beach and take in some sun before it gets too hot."
Before we could leave the activities coordinator for the resort took to the microphone and welcomed everybody to the resort. She rattled off some facts and figures and pointed out many of the features and activities that were available to guests. She encouraged folks to share their thoughts and ideas and, obviously, share their positive feedback with friends and other future customers. She noted that swag bags were available on the table near the exit for all the honeymooning couples. She also announced a couples competition planned for the lap pool during happy hour. She encouraged the newlyweds to wear their resort insignia caps and tank tops whenever they had an opportunity.
When leaving the restaurant area Janet noticed our names on one of the swag bags on the table. Evidently the check-in staff had really assumed we were newlyweds. Janet and I briefly looked at each other, smiled, and took the bag back to our room. As it turns out it was a relatively generous treat, a nice tourist gift bag, a bottle of champagne, numerous chocolates, some locally produced liquor, men's cap and woman's sun visor, and tank tops with the note that we could exchange for the correct size in the gift shop. Flip flops, suntan lotion, sunburn healing ointment, discount cards at various shops in the nearby Town Center, postcards, and various island food samples.
Time to put that suntan lotion to work.
As we walked back to our room, I mentioned to Janet that I was looking forward to seeing her in one of Lisa's swimsuits.
She smiled, "In light of our discussion over breakfast, I'll have to think about which suit to wear. I guess I need to wear a tiny one, so I don't have tan lines showing if put a briefer one on later."
"Fine by me, I'll take a picture for the trip scrapbook."
Janet giggled, "Trust me, that picture won't be appropriate for our parents or the kids."
Well, it wasn't a string bikini but a thong with a push-up cup balconet bra style top, in red. Janet's bust was evidently a little larger than Lisa's as, even with removing the push up pads, Janet's breasts overflowed the cups in what I considered a rather delicious manner. Janet had never worn a thong bikini and was self-conscious of wearing it in public. I suggested a Bloody Mary to help relax and uncharacteristically she accepted the offer of a midday drink. The beach visit promised to be interesting.
A strong mixed drink and the realization that about a third of the women on the beach also had thong bottoms seemed to diminish any reservations Janet had and we enjoyed a delightful time on the beach both sunning and walking a few miles up and down the beach.
Janet was noticed and she seemed to discreetly notice the onlookers, even comparing the attention she got with that given to some of the other women. And some of the other newlyweds on the beach did their swimsuits proud but Janet certainly held her own with her slightly more mature but perfectly proportioned figure attracting plenty of admiring looks.
After a light meal and rest we decided to head over to the main pool and see what activities they organized for the newlyweds. The first event was a pool volleyball game and we both decided to play having been in a coed league some years earlier. Janet had worn the resort swag tank top over her bikini and delighted the organizers who took several photos. The wet skimpy top over the bold red bikini bra was a sexy attention getter.
Janet was careful to stay in the pool and keep her butt cheeks in the thong bottom out of any promotional photos. Some of the other women were plenty eager to show off their honeymoon figures. It's not uncommon for brides to spend several months of dieting and exercising to prepare for the big day and it showed on several of the brides. Janet was about ten years older than most of them and I think a little anxious to show that she still stacked up.
They announced the second event would be a modification of the typical pool chicken fight. They provided big oven mitts for the women so that there would be no scratching and there would be best two-out-of-three dunkings for the semifinals and final round. The last woman not pushed off would get a $250 dollar gift card for the resort gift shop. The event was scheduled to start after a 20-minute appetizer and drink break.
I munched on a seafood taco and beer and visited with the gentleman sitting next to me. He was a travel agent about our age from the Midwest enjoying a complementary stay and taking in the sights. I mentioned I had blown out my knee playing college sports and we wouldn't be able to participate in the oven mitt chicken competition as Janet's 130 pounds was a little more stress than I wanted to risk. He mentioned that would be too bad as he grinned and said he had enjoyed watching Janet and we both looked like we were athletic. He had played division 2 college football. As Janet returned from the bar with one of those tropical drinks with the colorful umbrella swizzle stick, I introduced her to Chuck. We visited comfortably for ten minutes then the event coordinator asked the participants to sign up so they could schedule the rounds. It struck me and I blurted out, "Chuck, why don't you substitute for me and be Janet's horse."
Chuck was caught off guard and didn't say anything for a few moments as he looked at Janet. After the uncomfortable pause he said, "I would be glad to if Janet wants to compete." Then he added, "I play to win."
Chuck looked to be about 6'-4" and 250 pounds of mostly muscle. I looked at Janet and she was looking at Chuck. She smiled and turned to me. "Are you sure?"
I smiled back and she said, "Ok substitute husband, I'll go sign up."
Sixteen teams signed up. Fortunately, Janet drew a later round and had the benefit of watching several other pairs compete and got a sense of what tactics seemed to work best. When her turn came Chuck and Janet got in the pool and he effortlessly lifted her up and sat her on his shoulders. Bare thighs and butt cheeks rested comfortably on his shoulders, and she latched her legs around his torso and pulled her crotch tightly to the back of his neck. He placed his large hands on her thighs. His smile was almost as big as his muscles.
Janet quickly dispensed with her first contestant as the young blond bride went face first into the pool. Her second round took slightly longer with several minutes of struggling before the guy buckled and the woman went down. Four contestants remained and the crowd was really getting into it, picking favorites and yelling cheers and advice. We watched the first semifinal round. It was very competitive. The winners were serious athletes.
Janet won the first fall in her semifinal match then her opponent changed tactics and attacked Janet's shirt trying to grab it and yank. After some struggling, she managed to hook her thumb in the cleavage and ripped her bikini top front clasp and stretched the shirt neckline. A cheer and gasp went up from the crowd as one breast popped out. Janet was distracted as she grabbed for her front and her opponent pushed her off. As Janet recovered, I could see the anger and resolve in her face. She pulled out the ripped bikini top and adjusted her blouse. The thin wet shirt left little to the imagination as her nipples made their presence very apparent. She mounted up for the final fall.
Chuck yelled, "No mercy." as they quickly approached the opponents. Fortunately, the woman's rather ample bosom provided a great opportunity to put an oven mitt thumb down her cleavage and Janet made short work of her bikini top. And she didn't let go until she had it completely free and tossed it to the crowd. With the tables turned the now topless bride dove into the pool in an attempt to preserve some modesty. Janet was now the crowd favorite.
The final round was anticlimactic as Janet easily won two falls. Wrapped in a towel she accepted the winning prize and promptly handed it to her opponent saying it should be hers since Chuck was substituting for her husband. As the crowd dispersed, we sat for a few minutes so Janet and Chuck could rest and hydrate.
Chuck jokingly complained, "It wasn't fair that I was the horse because in that position I didn't get to see Janet's boob flashed to the crowd from my vantage point. I countered, that he did get to have her legs wrapped around his neck and his hands on her thighs and ass so he shouldn't complain.
Chucked mocked a pouting face and noted how lucky I was to have such a sexy wife. He turned to Janet, "Don't you feel sorry for me? he teased.
Janet giggled, "I bet you have seen loads of boobs over the years -- I think you will survive without seeing these." She said as she pulled the towel away and quickly shook her wet blouse covered chest in a teasing manner before quickly covering back up.
I turned to Chuck and said, "I'll tell you what, come to our unit tonight at 11 and climb over the wall into the patio, peak in the glass door, and maybe I will let you see her boobs through the window.
Janet reacted, "I decide who gets to see my boobs. And besides, he will probably courting some lonesome hot young woman at 11."
She picked up her stuff and said, "Thanks for the ride, Chuck, That was a lot of fun -- something I don't get to do back home with my daughters, parents and in-laws in town. Time to get cleaned up and go to dinner, I have worked up quite an appetite. Next time I am invited to a chicken contest I'll be in touch." He smiled and she gave him a little hug as we parted.
Dinner was delightful including a few interruptions by people who watched the contest and offered to buy us drinks. We headed to an outdoor lounge where a trio was playing old songs and relaxed enjoying the warm night air and the quietness of being off on an island. Janet looked fantastic in the satin blouse and short pleated skirt from Lisa's wardrobe.
When we got back to our unit, I turned on the local weather report. When the 11 o'clock report was announced I remembered the comments to Chuck. I told Janet to turn on the patio light and check to see if her admirer showed up. She giggled as she turned on the outdoor light. Then she went quiet. After a few moments she whispered loudly, "He's here. What do we do now?"
I walked over to her where I could see Chuck smiling as he looked at us. I put my arm around Janet and whispered in her ear, "You are on vacation, do whatever you want.
I released her, not very sure of what she would do next.
"Okay, I will," she said softly. She leaned forward and motioned to Chuck to get closer to the window. She turned off the outside porch light and turned down the room light so as to not attract too much attention should someone walk by on the adjacent path behind the wall. Then she signaled him to get out his phone. "Call us." she signaled. She asked for my phone and typed out my number, holding it to the glass so he could see it.
"Why my number?" I asked.
"I don't want him having my number." She said.
The phone rang and she nervously answered it. "Put your phone on speakerphone softly so no one else can hear it and set it down. No pictures."
Hesitantly, she stood up and stepped closer toward the window. Obviously unsure of herself, she made a futile effort to straighten out her skirt and blouse. I stood up and stepped close behind her. I wrapped my arms around her and hugged her tight. I kissed her on the neck. She was staring at him. So was I. I wondered just what Janet intended. Would he be treated to a show like the ride hail driver but with a better view?
"Nice. You are beautiful." He said.
Janet pushed herself away from the window breathing deeply. I was standing so close that she backed into me, and almost lost her balance. Instinctively, I steadied her with my hands on her waist. Chuck looked at me for a long moment, and then he focused on my wife. She was breathing deeply, and her breasts were rising against her blouse. Standing so close behind her I could see them under her blouse, her nipples pressing out impatiently under the delicate fabric of her sheer bra and satiny top. Now I noticed him staring at her breasts, too. For a moment, time stood still. Then I slid my hands off her waist to her front and undid a button on her blouse. I pulled the fabric apart, revealing more cleavage.
Chucks pleading voice came over the phone, "More please."
A second then third button was undone. Janet's sheer white bra was now revealed, and her nipples and areola were very visible. Chuck saw them heaving with her breathing. I could see her nipples stiffening, pointing straight at him. Until just now, I wasn't sure she would go through with it. I reached up to her collar and slipped the blouse off her shoulders. It dropped silently to the floor at my feet. Her lovely pert breasts supported by the shear bra were now fully on display.
"Beautiful" came the voice over the phone.
Janet shivered. I whispered in her ear asking if everything was ok. She sighed, "Yes, but go get me a drink."
"Your wish is my command but don't go away." I responded. "But before I do that." I undid the clasp on her skirt and unzipped the zipper. A little tug over the hips and it fell to the floor, crumpled around her thin ankles. The panties hugged her mons with the trimmed landing patch clearly visible through the shear fabric.
"Wow!" came the voice over the phone.
Janet smiled and pointed to him and said, "Your turn."
I went quickly to get Janet a drink. I filled a large glass from the pitcher of Sangria in the fridge and quickly returned not wanting to miss anything or let the moment pass. She took a large swallow, then another, then a third. Liquid courage I thought, she must be resolved to continuing.
She kept her eyes glued on Chuck. He had undone and taken off his shirt and revealed the very fit form we had seen in the pool earlier. Nice tan, nice muscle tone. Next, he took off his shorts.
"Wow." Janet said. She downed a fourth large swallow draining her glass of Sangria. His bikini briefs revealed his package far better than the swim trunks had in the pool and he was obviously aroused as the bulge was very noticeable.
"Your turn." He said with an obvious smile on his face.
"Just a moment," she said. As she picked up and folded her blouse and skirt and placed them on a nearby chair. Then she turned to face me. She gave me a passionate kiss providing Chuck a nice view of her ass. She whispered, "Please unhook my bra for our guest if you want this to continue."
"I'm planning to take you to the topless beach tomorrow so you might as well get used to showing off your boobs." I responded.
"You naughty boy." She said as I quickly completed my assignment.
I turned her around facing Chuck with her hands and arms clutching her front. I contemplated pulling the bra free or moving her hands but decided it would be best if she made that decision.
Suddenly she seemed hesitant and embarrassed. Instinctively she covered her breasts with her arms. Then her courage returned, and she let her arms fall to her sides and the bra fell to the floor. She stood before us, big eyes wide open, smiling shyly, ready to continue now with only her panties on. In the dim light of our room, her thin white panties glowed hot against her healthy tan body.
"Gorgeous" came the voice over the phone.
"There. Satisfied? Now you have gotten a much better look than the quick flash at the pool this afternoon." Janet said.
"But, but don't tease me, I am not satisfied, I want to see more." Chuck practically begged.
They stared at each other for several minutes, neither saying anything. I slide my hands around Janet, one hand sliding in her panties and the other latching on to a boob. I softly began rubbing in a way I knew would please her. She moaned and leaned back against me. I tweaked her nipple and kissed the back of her neck. She squirmed and giggled. The Sangria had numbed any embarrassment.
Chuck stared then quickly looked around. He hooked his fingers into his waistband. Deliberately, he tugged it down. His erection popped out, and made its aroused presence known. Nice sized, fully erect, uncircumcised, something Janet has not likely witnessed in the flesh before given her modest sexual experience and the high rate of circumcision in the states.
She could not take her eyes off his equipment. Chuck grinned at her. Naked in front of us, he hefted his stiff prick in one hand. His balls swung below.
"Oh my, he's excited," she whispered. I saw her gazing at his handsome cock, pointing crazily at her. She was obviously in awe. She gulped in amazement, and then a sweet little smile crossed her lips. She looked at me and then she laughed and hugged me playfully, because she knew I knew what she was thinking.
I stood and stripped off my clothes as Chuck had done. My erection had taken control of my thought processes. I couldn't tell if I was more excited because of Janet's arousal, or his excitement, or her fear of this new situation, or my fear of it. All I knew was that we'd started this and now we couldn't stop. My cock was so engorged I was sure it would explode anytime soon.
Janet looked at Chuck, and then at me. "It nice to be appreciated." she said.
Then she hugged me, not so playfully this time, but with more passion, pressing her belly and pelvis against me, feeling my heavy erection. I felt her soft hand run down my back and buttocks. We kissed passionately for several moments then I turned her and pushed her tight against the glass patio doors. Her breasts and face were pressed against the glass.
I stood behind my wife, and watched as Chuck pressed his lips against the glass at her lips and placed his hands on the glass where her tits were. My cock was pressed in the cleavage of her ass cheeks.
Janet was panting, leaving the moisture from her hot breath on the window. I was softly thrusting against her with her body rhythmically pressing against the glass. As I stepped back, I could see that Chuck was stroking his erection. I slapped Janet's ass loud enough that Chuck could hear it over the phone.
He groaned then said, "This isn't fair, this is cruel, can I come in?
Janet responded quickly and firmly, "No, you knew the rules, you can't come in. You can leave anytime you want." Then she giggled, "You can't come in, but you can cum anytime you want. What can we do from this side of the glass that will help you cum? I want to see you cum."
Chuck was quick to respond. "Climb on your husband and ride him. I want to see your ass cheeks bulging with each thrust and those big tits bouncing. Do it on the floor in front of me. I want to see and hear you being fucked."
Janet directed me the floor and knelt next to me. Quickly, she grasped my erection with her hand, just as she had many times, straddled me and deftly slipped it into the entrance of her vagina. Then she began moving up and down, expertly letting my cock head enter her just a bit, pulling it out, then slipping it in again just past the lips of her cunt. She began swooping a little from side to side as she thrust her pelvis forward, dancing the same dance I'd taught her so many years before. Tonight she was putting on a show for our audience. She was soaked and spreading her moisture on my thrusting erection. She had me all slicked up, and now she was just about ready to get fucked.
I will never forget how she looked over her shoulder at Chuck on the outside of the door with his engorged cock in his hand. I saw love and tenderness for me in her eyes, and maybe a little lust and pride as she was enjoying being on display. While her eyes were locked on mine, she came down on me, smoothly and steadily, and my erection slid deep into her vagina. As I glanced up at her I saw she was looking back and forth between me and Chuck. Then her eyes fluttered shut, and she groaned. She turned away and shared the sight of her arousal with the onlooker.
But it wasn't done. Then she started rising and sinking back down on my erection. I started moving too, thrusting up into her, fucking slowly at first but quickly gaining speed and intensity as she rose and fell on my shaft. I marveled at how quickly she'd had become carefree about sharing intimate moments with a man that was a stranger 8 hours earlier. As Chuck had requested, I was slamming my groin into her ass cheeks and had her tits bouncing with each thrust.
I groped her ass and breasts as she fucked me. She cried out with sighs of pleasure. The softness of her skin, the lovely shape of her bottom, the bounce and jiggle as she moved felt so familiar and yet I knew it was very different. My hands and fingers were digging into the sweet soft flesh of her buttocks. I pressed on her ass cheeks as she rode me. I felt her cheeks move with each down stroke as she fucked herself on my shaft, and I felt her flesh tremble at the depth of each stroke. I was very close, and Janet was too. I turned to look at Chuck.
Janet noticed and turned too. "Cum Chuck, let me see you cum on the window." She pleaded as she quickened her thrusts. "Oh fuck, of fuck." She panted.
I think Chuck came first but only by seconds. The sight of his load painting the glass door brought both Janet and I off. Sweet Jesus, ohhhhh!" she cried, and her whole body began shaking with wave after wave of a tremendous orgasm. Her cries of ecstasy echoed around the room.
I pulled her down and kissed her passionately. We breathed deeply and were quiet for several moments. There was a smile on her face. We turned and saw Chuck dressing. With the phone line still open Janet said, "I hope you enjoyed that as much as we did."
Chuck smiled and said, "I was hoping for a hotwife experience tonight but at least I got to be a voyeur for a very hot MILF, thank you."
Janet responded, "We told you we weren't ready to cross that line now. We have children at home and aren't willing to take that physical or emotional risk now. You have our number, call in ten years when the girls graduate high school and we will revisit that decision.
"I just might do that." Chuck responded.
Janet turned off the phone and looked at me and said, "So we are going to the topless beach tomorrow? I haven't shown you the string bikini bottom Lisa had yet."