Cassy always loved the way her fiancé, Bobby, looked at her – like he could never get enough. Cassy knew she was pretty – she was a part-time model – but Bobby's intense, adoring gaze always made her feel smoking hot.
She knew Bobby liked having a model as a girlfriend. He liked reading the admiring comments about her looks on her online modeling profile page. He encouraged her to dress in a sexy way. He enjoyed catching other men staring at his hot girlfriend. Cassy liked that, too. She liked being sexy and she liked getting attention from other men. It made her happy that her boyfriend and fiancé wasn't jealous, and that he enjoyed the attention she got.
So far, though, Cassy had only gone so far in putting herself on display. She had never posed nude as a model. Plenty of other men had admired her, even ogled her, but for as long as Cassy and Bobby had been going out together, no other man, other than her doctor, had touched her in an intimate place, or seen her naked.
That's why Cassy was surprised at the direction the conversation turned as she and Bobby were having drinks one evening at a favorite restaurant. They sat in a small booth against the wall, across from the restaurant bar. The bar area was noisy and brightly colored, with mirrors covering the walls here and there to make the room look bigger. Two empty plates and two half empty beer glasses perched atop the table in front of them.
Bobby stared intently at one of the mirrors, and a smirk broke over his face.
"Cassy, guess what?" he asked her.
"I give up," she said. "What?"
"There's a guy checking you out. Two tables away. I think he's trying to look up your skirt."
They sat side by side with their backs against the wall, so it wasn't difficult for Cassy to crane her neck to look in the same mirror Bobby did. It took her no time to see her admirer's reflection. He looked like he was in his early-20s, and he was seated at a table with three other guys who looked the same age. They were talking, but he wasn't participating much in the conversation, distracted as he was by the sight of Cassy's legs. She was wearing a miniskirt, and it revealed a lot of thigh when she sat down. Cassy guessed he wanted to see more than just her thighs and was hoping to get a peek up her skirt, to her panties.
"How do you feel about your fiancée being checked out?" Cassy asked.
"You know I like it. I think it's hot. You're hot, and I like that other guys think so too."
"I think he wants to see my panties."
"Which ones are you wearing?"
"Pale blue thong, lacy, kind of see through."
"Mmmmm. I like those. How about if you give him a peek?"
Cassy was surprised. Lately, she and Bobby had talked about showing her off more, but they hadn't followed through with it.
"What do you want me to do?" she asked.
"Keep looking at me, like you're deep in conversation, so he doesn't know you're aware of him. Then slowly let your legs drift apart so he can see up your skirt."
"You really want me to do that?"
"I really do."
"If you say so."
Bobby was in a frisky mood, and Cassy liked it. She wasn't sure how to do it so it wouldn't be obvious. She kept up a steady conversation with Bobby, her torso twisted slightly toward him, but she barely knew what words were coming out of her mouth. She concentrated instead on her legs, which she started swaying back and forth together, slowly letting them begin to drift apart.
"O.K., I'm starting to spread my legs."
"Good. Keep doing that and keep talking, and keep looking at me, and I'll check out his reaction in the mirror. I'll let you know if he reacts."
Cassy let one of her legs swing wide as she talked to Bobby, and she brought it back to the other one slowly.
"You must have done something. He sat up and his eyes are wider. And he is not talking to his friends at all now."
A tingle ran though Cassy's whole body. She shivered with excitement. She swung a leg wide again. It was very difficult to avoid looking at the man she knew was staring up her skirt, but she didn't want him to know she knew, so she kept starting at Bobby's face. Her legs were spread apart enough, and her skirt was short enough, that she had no doubt the guy could see all the way up to her filmy blue panties. She liked showing off, and she knew Bobby liked it too.
"He is definitely into your panties," Bobby said. "He's stalking you with his eyes."
"Good thing you're not the jealous type," she said.
"It's a great thing," he said, with his widest grin.
"How about if we show him a little more?" he asked.
"What do you mean?"
"Don't stop looking at me. Keep talking. React like I've just proposed something outrageous. Which I am. And then, slowly, take your panties off. Pull them down your legs, pick them off the floor, and give them to me. Then we'll show him your pussy."
It wasn't hard for Cassy to act surprised. She was surprised. She put a hand to her mouth.
"Bobby! I can't do that. We're in a public place. I might get arrested."
Bobby looked up from the booth and scanned the area with his eyes, taking care not to look directly at Cassie's voyeur.
"No, you won't. That's the only table with a good view under our table. Nobody else can see up your skirt. The bartender's too far away, and he's standing up, so he can't see under the table anyway. Go ahead. Take them off."
She and Bobby had never gone that far. But he was having so much fun with it, and he sounded so insistent. She felt the rush not just of exposing herself but of submitting to Bobby's instructions.
She hitched her skirt up her thighs a bit more. She knew that would put on quite a show for her admirer. Looking up from the table to make sure no waitress was coming, she reached under her skirt, hooked her thumbs on the string sides of the thong, and pulled down her thighs and calves. She stepped out of the thong.
"Oh, you have his attention now. His mouth is open."
"This is so embarrassing," Cassy said. It was embarrassing, but it was thrilling, too.
"Now," Bobby said, "Go ahead and pick them off the floor and hand them to me. Don't rush it. Hand them over with your palm open and the thong sitting on top of it."
Bobby's requests were getting closer to the edges of Cassy's comfort zone, but she didn't want to say no. She reached under the table, picked up the thong, and held it out to Bobby in her hand. She looked up again to see if any waitresses were coming. There was one, a few booths away, taking an order, and it looked like she'd be headed Cassy's way soon.
Bobby didn't take the panties from her right away. The delay made Cassy nervous. She didn't want the waitress, or anyone else, to see her holding the panties as brazenly in her hand as she did. But Bobby was in no hurry.
He poked at the panties with his index finger, moving them around until he seemed to find what he was looking for.
"Wet," he said, tapping a spot on the gusset where the fabric was darker. "I knew you'd be turned on."
"Bobby, there's a waitress coming."
Bobby enclosed the blue thong in his hand and put it under the table.
"You two want any dessert?" the waitress asked.
Bobby skimmed the menu.
"Yeah. We'll split a piece of pie. Cherry pie."
He grinned at his fiancée.
"You're bad," she said.
"You're the one who just took her panties off in a restaurant."
"Only because my horny, perverted boyfriend told me to."
"You didn't resist. You like it, don't you?"
Cassy paused.
"Yeah, I do. I like it. I can't see him, but I can feel his eyes on me."
Cassy felt Bobby's hand on her thigh, firmly squeezing it. It moved up, to the edge of her skirt, and it began pushing her skirt back.
"Open your legs," Bobby said. "Wide."
Cassy did as he told her. She parted her legs. She kept looking at Bobby. She knew that her admirer must be looking at her, and it was hard not to look back at him.
"I'm going to finger you," Bobby said. His hand moved up her thigh, toward the junction between her legs.
"You can't do that here!" Cassy said.
"Watch me," he said. Cassy felt the hand simultaneously pulling her left leg wide and moving in, between her thighs. Bobby wasted no time. When his hand reached his destination, he extended his index finger and touched the hood of her shaved pussy.
Cassy let out a little gasp.
"Bobby!"
"I can see his face in the mirror, Cassy," Bobby said. "The guy looks like he died and went to heaven. He's looking at your pussy now. You're showing off your pussy to a stranger in the bar. I'm going to show him some more."
Cassy felt Bobby's fingers trail down from her clit over the nub of her clit and then down into the folds of her pussy. Nobody besides Bobby had seen her pussy in a long time. But someone she didn't even know stared at it now, and Cassy felt Bobby's fingers hook onto and then pull back her lips. Bobby was opening her pussy up to the strange man at the table. Bobby leaned toward her ear as he did so.
"I can feel your wetness," he said. "You like this."
Cassy wasn't sure if she should like it, but she did. She made no effort to resist Bobby's hand or to close her legs. Instead, she pushed her right leg back even farther. She was as exposed to the strange man as she possibly could be.
Cassy couldn't help it. She looked away from Bobby, toward the strange young man staring at her. His gaze caught hers, and in an instant, he looked away. Cassy kept staring at his face. It was a nondescript face, a 20-something man with short dark hair. Cassy kept looking at him. Eventually, he looked back, too. Cassy maintained her stare, until her point was made. She wanted him to know she wanted him to look.
Cassy knew he understood when he stopped staring at her face, and focused his gaze below the table, to Cassy's pussy. Her legs were spread wide, and her skirt was pulled back, so everything was on display. She felt Bobby's finger gently massaging her clit from above, leaving the pussy below exposed. With her right hand she reached down and pulled her right lip back to open herself to the stranger. She felt the wetness in her.
Cassy saw her admirer nudge the guy next to him at the table, and a moment later all four of the guys at the table looked her way. She saw the mouths of two of them drop open in astonishment. Now four men, not one, starred at her bare pussy under the table.
One of them picked a cell phone off the table top. Another fished a phone out of a pocket. They held them up. They were going to take pictures of her.
Cassy snapped her legs shut. It was one thing to show off, but it was another thing to offer free pictures, which could end up anywhere. She wanted to exhibit herself, but she wasn't ready for her exposed pussy to show up on the Internet.
"They're trying to take pictures of me," she said to Bobby. "I don't want to let that happen."
The four guys sitting at the table, staring at her, looked disappointed.
"It's O.K.," Bobby said. "Let's finish our dessert and talk about this later."
The cherry pie arrived a few minutes later, and Bobby and Cassy took their time eating it off the plate they shared. As they ate, Cassy snuck occasional glances at the four men at the table. They snuck glances back at her from time to time, and Cassy got the feeling they hoped she'd resume her show for them. But she didn't. A few minutes later, they finished the pie. Bobby paid the bill and he and Cassy left the restaurant.
An hour later, Cassy lay naked on her bed, on her back, with her legs high in the air. Bobby, also naked, lay on top of her, fucking her with quick, hard strokes.
"So, did you like showing off like that in the bar?" Bobby asked her, the words coming out choppy while he fucked her.
"I did," she said.
"Tell me about it."
"What do you want me to say?"
"I want to hear you talk about how you felt when you showed off."
"It turns you on?" she asked, squealing in response to a hard thrust.
"You want me to tell you how I felt when I showed off my pussy?"
"Oh yes."
"I liked it when I spread my legs and he looked at me. I knew he could see everything. He got a great view because I was completely shaved. He saw my lips, my little button."
"Oh, Cassy."
"But I wanted him to see more. You couldn't see me do it because it was under the table, but I reached down and pulled my lips apart, so he could see inside me. I wanted him to see deep inside me where you put your cock when you fuck me. It felt so good to do that. I was so turned in."
"Cassy, you're driving me crazy." Bobby sped up. He put his mouth over her tit and sucked on it as he fucked her.
"Oh, baby, I love that. It feels so good. It was even better when all the guy's friends saw me too. All of them were staring at my open pussy. I touched myself with my finger and could tell I was wet. I spread my legs even wider and pulled my cunt open even farther so all of them could get a good view. Oh, Bobby, it felt so good knowing they could all see my pussy. I love showing off my pussy. Do you like that, baby? Knowing you're going to marry a girl who likes showing her pussy off to strange men?"
"Oh, god, Cassy, I can't hold back any more."
With one more furious push Bobby let go and splashed the inside of her pussy with his cum. He held his cock in her, to the hilt, as his cock pumped and spasmed.
A few minutes later they lay side by side thinking about what Cassy had done. Cassy reached a finger lazily into her pussy and pulled it out and put it in her mouth, absent-mindedly tasting and swallowing Bobby's cum.
"So, you really liked that?" Bobby asked. "You weren't just doing that for me?"
"Yeah, I did like it," she said. "It was exciting. A huge rush. How do you feel about that? Are you OK with it?"
"I'm better than O.K. I love it. It's such a turn on to think about you doing that."
"You don't think it's too –." She paused.
"What?"
"I don't know. Slutty, I guess. It doesn't bother you? You don't think I'm slutty?"
Cassy saw Bobby pause before answering.
"Well, I guess, yeah, I think maybe you are a little bit slutty. It's kind of a slutty thing to do. But I like it. I like you being a little slutty."
"Really?"
"Yeah, really." He grinned. "As long as you're my slut."
"Oh, baby, I'll be your slut. Anytime."
They kissed, and she caressed his cock, which was soft but responded to her touch.
I'll bet he'll be ready again soon, she thought.
"So, do you want to do it again?" Bobby asked her.
"What, show off at the restaurant again?"
"No, not that. Show off, yes. But not there. Like something else, where you go a little further."
Cassy's eyes widened.
"What do you have in mind?" she asked. Bobby looked deep in concentration and she wondered what was going on in his brain.
"I've got an idea. Let me think about it. We'll talk about it tomorrow."
"Now I'm curious what plan you've got cooking for me. You can't tell me?"
"Not right now. I have to think about it. Tomorrow. Definitely."
"O.K."
Bobby and Cassy cuddled in the bed, lightly kissing each other. They turned the lights out and at last they went to sleep.
The next day was Saturday, and Bobby had errands to run. After breakfast, he left in the car and Cassy didn't seem him for several hours. When he came home, he kissed Cassy briefly, but he left for another room to make phone calls. Cassy left to visit a friend, and she and Bobby didn't see each other again until dinner.
At the dinner table, they dug into their meals – spaghetti with a light buttery dressing and a mix of spices. It smelled heavenly. They ate it with white wine and hot bread slices. They ate quietly, until Bobby broke the silence.
"Cassy, I was thinking about yesterday. What we did and what we talked about."
"You mean about me showing off?"
"Yeah. I've got an idea, and I talked to a friend of mine about it. You want to hear it?"
Cassy felt goosebumps on her arms. She did want to hear about it, but she was nervous about Bobby having talked to a friend about it.
"Who's the friend?" she asked.
"You haven't met him. I've known him a little while, casually. He's a photographer. His name's Richard. He does a lot of different types of photographs – weddings, portraits, sporting events, some fashion, and ads for local magazines. He's a pro, very reliable. He also does glamour photography. Nude photography. I talked to him about an idea I had for a shoot with you, and he was interested."
"Bobby, you know I haven't done any nude modeling. I've done lingerie and glamour, but nothing nude. I don't think I'm ready to have nude photos of me circulating in public."
"I know that, and that's not what I've got planned. This is what I talked to him about. Like I said, he's a professional, and he teaches photography classes. He does private workshops at his studio where newbie photographers pay him to learn how to photograph models. He's always looking for models to help out. So, I talked to him about you, and he had an idea. He could schedule a private modeling session for you, with him teaching a class to some new photographers. They would take pictures of you –in the nude. But he'd have everybody sign contracts ahead of time, so the photos would be private, and couldn't be put online or in public. That way you would get to expose yourself, but in a private setting. You could have fun getting naked, but there'd be no risk."
Cassy was unsure.
"How would you know? How could he control what they do?"
"Richard knows what he's doing. He draws up tight contracts. They'd face some serious lawsuits if they broke the contracts. And he tells me he's careful about who he picks, too. With you as a model, he'll only work with photographers who he's taught in previous classes. No first-timers."
Cassy had thought about nude modeling for years. She'd posed many times in skimpy, sexy outfits, and she'd wondered what it would be like to peel the clothing off and the let the camera linger over her nude body. It made her almost flush to think about it. But she'd never taken that step. She worried too much about family, friends, and co-workers seeing her, and what they would think of her if they saw nude photos of her.
A few days earlier, she might have said "no" to the idea right away. But the exposure at the restaurant left her feeling excited and wanting more. She imagined herself standing, nude, in a photo studio, with men surrounding her and taking photos of her. The idea excited her. It aroused her. Without thinking she touched a finger to her nipple, and it was hardening.
Bobby smiled.
"You like the idea, huh?"
"Oh, Bobby, I don't know. Yes, part of me gets excited thinking about posing nude. But it's a big step. It's risky."
"It's no riskier than what you did yesterday, Cassy. It's less. If someone else had seen you yesterday, you could have been asked to leave. Or arrested for indecent exposure. There's no chance of that with Richard. You'll be in a controlled environment. Richard will be in control. I trust him, and you can too. How about it?"
"Well, I guess. I can give it a try and see how it goes and if I don't like it I can stop."
"That sounds great! I'll call Richard later today."
They finished dinner without talking about it further. After dinner they cleaned up the dishes. When they were done Bobby disappeared into another room. Cassy assumed he was on the phone with his friend, Richard. Half an hour later, Bobby returned.
"I talked to Richard. It's all arranged. Next Saturday." He smiled kindly and lovingly at his fiancée.
Cassy gulped. "What do I have to do?"
"Very simple. You show up at his studio. Follow his instructions. Trust him. I've talked it through with him. He'll take good care of you. Just let him call the shots. Can you do that?"
"I guess so," she said. Cassy wasn't sure. She had never done anything like this, and she didn't know Richard at all.
"You guess?"
Cassy took a deep breath.
"O.K. Yes. I'll do it. You're sure you trust him? Richard?"
"I do. Like I said, he's a professional. You'll be in good hands. I'll call him and let him know you're going to do it."
Bobby called Richard and the appointment for Cassy's photoshoot was set for the following Saturday at 11 a.m., at Richard's studio. The week went by quickly, and as each day counted off on the calendar Cassy grew more excited but more nervous as well. Richard sent instructions to Bobby, which Bobby relayed to Cassy.
Finally, the morning of the big day arrived. Bobby and Cassy sat at the breakfast table having breakfast. Cassy sat in a short bathrobe and nothing more.
"This is it, Cassy," Bobby said. "You're going to pose nude for the first time. How do you feel?"
"I'm excited. But a little nervous."
"That's understandable. But remember what I said. Richard knows what he's doing. He gave me some instructions for you. Where something loose, so the clothing doesn't leave any marks on your body. A loose dress would be good. You don't need underwear or a bra, because you'll be taking them off and at the beginning you'll be wearing some things Richard will give you. Of course, since it's a nude shoot you won't wear them for long. You don't need to worry about makeup, because he's got a makeup artist there."
Cassy thought Richard was more excited than she was. It was amusing to see how eager he was to have her pose nude in front of strange men, but obviously, he was.
Bobby closed his hands around Cassy's.
"Baby, listen to me. I know you haven't done anything like this. We haven't done anything like this. Take this piece of advice. Just do what Richard tells you to do, or what he recommends. Take your cue from him. He and I have talked. Whatever he asks you to do is fine with me. I mean it."
"Whatever?" she asked. "That covers a lot of ground."
"Whatever. Enjoy the posing. If it makes you feel naughty, enjoy it."
"I feel naughty already. I'm about to leave the house for some place I've never been to take my clothes off in front of men I've never met. And let them all take photos of me. You're sure that's O.K."?
"Better than O.K. I want you to. But tell you what. Anytime you feel uncomfortable, or uncertain, just give me a call. I'll have my cell phone."
After breakfast, Cassy slipped off her robe and pulled a light sun dress over her body. She wore no bra or panties underneath. Her breasts were pert and not large, so they didn't sway much, but her nipples were hard and pointy, and she felt their tips rubbing against the thin dress fabric.
She was aroused, and she hadn't even left the house. The night before, she had wanted Bobby to make love to her, but he had refused. He had tickled her clit for a while, but he had stopped before she came. As she got ready to drive to the studio a glow of sexual frustration suffused her body.
"Time to go, Cassy. I'll wait here."
"You sure you don't want to come?"
"No. Richard told me he prefers not to have significant others present during photo shoots, because they always affect how the model performs. I'll see the photos afterward. And I'm just a phone call away. Remember, this is your show. Have fun. Listen to Richard. Do what he says to do. You have my permission to do whatever that is, and whatever you want to do."
Whatever you want to do. Those words lit up in bright letters in Cassy's mind. Bobby was leaving no doubt he was giving her permission to do this. She shuddered with excitement.
Then she left the house, got in her car, and started driving to the studio. The directions saved on her cell phone told her the way to go.
When the voice on her cell phone told her she'd reached her destination, she thought at first there must have been a mistake. Most of the buildings around her looked like warehouses, or hastily thrown-up offices, and the neighborhood had an unsavory feel to it. It didn't look like the place for a glamour photographer's studio. But sure enough, the building directly in front of her bore Richard's studio sign over its nondescript door. Cassy left her car and went in.
If the exterior was unnerving, the interior was reassuring. It was brightly lit and professionally furnished and decorated. Inside the front door was a spacious foyer with a large desk next to an open door. Framed photographs – samples of Richard's work, she guessed, covered the walls. No one was in sight.
"Hello?" Cassy called.
Ten seconds later a cheerful 40ish man entered from the door. A younger Asian woman in a tank top followed him.
"Cassy?" the man asked.
"Yes," Cassy said, her voice surprising her with its thinness and nervousness.
"I'm Richard," he said. "This is Tran. She's going to be your makeup artist."
Cassy shook hands with both of them.
"I think Bobby told you something about what's up for today, but not all, am I right?" he asked.
"Yeah, I think that's right," she said.
"OK, I'll tell you what today is about. Have a seat." Richard gestured to a chair by the desk. She sat, and he sat behind the desk. Tran stood off to the side, looking at her cell phone.
"I've got six guys coming in soon," Richard said. "They're all aspiring photographers. I've worked with all of them before in other workshops, but not for nude photography. This will be a first for them. And if I recall right Bobby said it will be a first for you, too. Am I right?"
"Yes," she said. "I've done lots of modeling, but not nude modeling."
"OK. The purpose of this shoot is to walk the photographers through a series of glamour and erotic poses and how to shoot them. I'll be guiding and instructing you through the poses and they'll be taking the photos. The photos won't be for public distribution, so you don't need to worry about that. They've all signed agreements, and these are guys I trust. Now, I need to have you sign an agreement as well."
He pushed a contract of a few pages across the desk toward her.
"Take your time to read it."
Cassy had signed model releases before, but this one was longer than others she'd seen. She thought about Bobby's reassurance to her about Richard and scanned the documents quickly before signing her name at the bottom of the last page. Richard tucked it away in a drawer in the desk.
"Let me show you around," he said.
Cassy followed Richard through the door. It opened to a vast studio space, in what looked like a refurbished warehouse. The ceilings were at least 15 feet high, and the room had a polished concrete floor and large windows, now screened by thick blinds, set in the wall at the far end. Against a wall nearer to her a section of the floor had been covered in wood strips, and over them was a massive, plush sofa, surrounded by strobe lights and umbrellas on tall stands. It was obvious this was where the shoot would take place.
Cassy was reassured by the professional appearance of the studio.
"This is where we'll be doing the shoot. We're going to start with you in a bra and panty set, and then we'll have you take it off and go through a series of poses. I know it's your first time, but you'll get used to it right away. Tran can show you to the dressing room, show you the panty set, and help you with makeup. The photographers should be arriving soon."
Tran escorted Cassy through another door at the back wall of the studio, to a comfortable dressing room with a little bathroom to the side.
"This is your first time working with Richard?" Tran asked.
"Yes. My fiancé knows him and set this up."
"Richard knows what he's doing. You're in good hands. Just follow his instructions and everything will be fine. Now, I need to ask you to take off your dress and slip on this robe while I do your makeup."
Cassy paused, thinking Tran would leave the room while she changed, but Tran didn't move and looked at Cassy without expression.
I guess she's not leaving, Cassy thought. Everyone else is going to see me naked. I guess she should be the first one. Cassy pulled the dress over her head.
She stood naked in front of Tran. She looked past Tran to a full-length mirror at her own body. Cassy liked her body. She was short and petite, with perky but not large breasts, and lean, shapely legs. She had a pert bubbly butt that photographers often wanted to show off in short shorts. Her blue eyes stared back at her from the mirror. Long, dark hair swept over her shoulders.
"You shaved below, right?" Tran asked. "Richard asked you to shave, I believe, before you got here."
"I always keep it shaved below," Cassy said. Cassy had shaved the day earlier, and her bare labia and pubic mound were on full display on the mirror.
"Let me check things out down there just to make sure there are no stray hairs. You're going to have a lot of cameras on you and Richard wants you clean as a whistle."
Cassy thought that sounded like a funny thing to say but followed Tran's instructions, turned around, and turned her butt in the air toward Tran. She felt Tran's hands on her butt, spreading her cheeks apart. It felt strange knowing someone's face was no closer than a few inches from her bare pussy and anus, giving her a close inspection.
"Perfect!" Tran said, at last. "Looks great. Let's get you ready."
For the next half hour Tran applied makeup to Cassy's face and teased and prepared her hair. When she was done she picked up the two tiny pieces of lingerie on the counter to the side.
"Time to put these on," she said.
Cassy took the lacy pieces of fabric and held them up. They were blue, matching her eyes. She shucked off her robe, slipped them on, and put the robe back on.
"Time to go," Tran said.
They walked out the door, and now Richard was joined by six other photographers, each of them holding a different camera. They were a motley crew, some of them looking confident and professional, and some of them . . . not so much.
"Gentlemen," Richard said, "Let me introduce our model, Cassy. Cassy, meet the photographers. I'd say all their names, but I don't expect you to remember them all and it doesn't really matter, anyway."
He stepped to the side and addressed everyone.
"Cassy will be modeling a variety of poses, starting with poses in a panty and bra set, and then stripping out of them and posing in a variety of nude poses. The purpose is to get you acquainted with the basics of nude and erotic modeling and how to pose and take photos of an erotic model."
Richard turned form the photographers, who were looking eagerly at their model in the slight robe that hit mid-thigh, toward Cassy.
"Cassy, I think it's time to start. Go ahead and take the robe off."
It wasn't too difficult for Cassy to do that. Cassy had modeled in lingerie and skimpy clothing before, though not in front of so many photographers. She slipped the robe off and tossed it to Richard, who dropped it on a low table behind him.
"Excellent," said Richard. "Cassy, come over here toward the sofa. Guys, this isn't a lingerie shoot. It's a nude shoot. But part of being nude is getting nude. So, we're going to have Cassy start in this sexy lingerie outfit and photograph her taking it off and getting nude. As a photographer, you want to make sure you capture the whole process of stripping."
Cassy saw the men with their cameras gather around her, getting closer, expectation and eagerness in their eyes. She'd done lots of modeling before, but she was about to cross a new threshold. She was nervous.
Richard had her do several poses standing in front of the sofa. He didn't rush getting her naked, so she grew more comfortable as the minutes ticked by. Eventually, though, he asked her to slip her bra off, and to put an arm in front of her breasts. The bra dropped to the floor and only her slender arm shielded the exposure of her tits to the men standing around her. She felt the press of her firm nipples against the skin of her arm.
Richard kept up a steady patter of conversation and instruction, distracting Cassy from her imminent nudity.
"Cassy," Richard said, "Push your hip out to the side. Guys, as you go through a shoot think of your model's lines. The human body always looks best when it's curved. Go for the S curve – have the model push her hips one way and her torso the other. Avoid straight, blocky lines. Cassy, that's great."
Cassy already knew something about posing, so she spread her legs, pushed a hip to the side, and arched her back, with her hand-hidden tits pushed out to the encircling photographers.
"Cassy, go ahead and drop your hands to your sides," Richard said.
Cassy let out a loud puff of breath and dropped her hands. She pushed her chest out, a little farther. Her tits were exposed to the men in the room. She was aware suddenly of the stillness in the room, the men shuffling around and gathering nearer to get a good view. She saw some of them adjust their lenses to zoom in on her exposed breasts. She'd done it. She was a topless model, now, or at least for a few minutes, until she went even further.
"Cassy, that's beautiful," Richard said. "Guys, it helps to have an experienced model. She knows how to pose."
Richard walked his pupils through a variety of perspectives and positions around Cassy's topless figure. They circled around her, took shots from eye level, from behind, and from below. Richard kept up a steady patter of instructions, interrupting himself at times to say an encouraging word to Cassy. His good cheer and support eased her mind.
"OK, Cassy," Richard said. "It's time for the panties to come off. "Guys, when you have the model do this, take your time. Go very slowly, and shoot the panties coming off from different angles. Let's start from the front. Cassy, hook your thumbs into the sides and pull them down until they're just barely covering you down there."
Cassy looked down. The thong was tiny, so it didn't have far to go before her pussy would be exposed. She was feeling a little bolder, and a little naughty, and her modeling experience kicked in. She tried to focus on the posing and shooting to avoid thinking about her exposure, but it was difficult to do so. She knew it was moments away.
She pulled the panties down until the upper waistband lay just over the top of the hood of her clit. She looked carefully and saw that two shallow dimples on either side of the hood now were exposed to the men's eyes. She looked up from her thong to their faces, searching them. Their expressions differed from one another. Some were busy with their cameras. One looked back at her. Another stood without moving, his eyes on the barely covered gap between her thighs. Cassy found herself parting her legs a bit more. The naughty side was coming out, she thought, and she wanted to be seen, even while she was nervous.
"Good. A little more, Cassy," Richard said.
She tugged the panties down more, this time not bothering to look down. But she could tell from their faces that she was starting to expose herself. She imagined that a good part of her clitoral hood now lay in view. Another short pull and the thin, pink slit of the rest of her sex would be visible. She shivered a little.
Then men took a few more photos, following Richard's instructions. He pointed to the various lamps and skylights around the room and reminded them always to be mindful of where the light came from.
"OK, Cassy, you're doing great so far. Time to take them all the way off. But to do that, we're going to have you turn around, legs apart, bent over, and pull them really slowly down your legs."
Cassy spun around, turning her pert bubble butt to their faces. She bent over, following his instructions, and grabbed the panties at the sides again. Then she began pulling, slowly, inch by inch. She knew from having looked at her reflection in the mirror before that even without pulling the thong off it was so thin in the back that it would not fully cover her anus, and that the slightly darker skin around it would be visible to all of them. She heard them taking photos, rapidly, and she thought she heard one of them say, almost imperceptibly, "wow."
She pulled the panties down farther, to her thighs, and breathed deeply knowing that it was all on display now: her ass, the puckered depression of her anus, the skinny slit of her pussy, the thin lips around them. She'd crossed the line to being a true nude model, and there was no going back.
Richard walked Cassy through more variations of the pose until the thong lay in a little bunch on the floor. He asked her to look back over her shoulder at the photographers, and to use her hands to spread her cheeks open.
So far, all the men were well-behaved, although she heard one distinctly say, "Nice pussy!" It gave her a tingle to hear him say it.
"Let's be respectful of the model," Richard said. "Cassy, to give you instructions I'll have to refer to you down there. What term do you like? Vagina? Vulva? Pussy? Cunt?"
No one had ever asked Cassy such intimate questions at a modeling shoot before, and she didn't know what to say. She thought for a moment about what Bobby, who would be seeing these photos later, would want her to say. After all, the purpose of the day wasn't to get modeling photos, it was to turn them both on.
"You can call it whatever you like. Pussy's fine. Cunt's fine." The word "cunt" sounded funny coming out of her mouth in this setting, but she thought Bobby would get turned on hearing her say it. It turned her on, too.
"All right, then, Cassy, let's move on to some good spread photos. Go ahead and lie back on the sofa."
She walked to the sofa a few feet away and sat down. She could guess what they wanted now, so she put her feet up on the sofa as well, scooting her butt forward until it was near the edge. The sofa was soft and comfortable against her nude skin. She put her hands under thighs, fingers near the lips of her pussy, and pulled back. She looked down between her legs, and her pussy opened like a flower as she intended. She looked up, and Richard's pupils were more attentive and eager than before. They took turns getting between her legs, snapping photos, and drawing nearer for the closeup shots, until their lenses were no more than a foot away from her open pussy.
There was no doubt about it. This wasn't art modeling or glamour modeling. It was porn. Cassy had crossed the line and she liked it. She felt the thrill of exposure she'd felt at the bar days earlier. She liked thinking about all the photos being taken of her pussy, and of how every last detail of it was exposed to their eager eyes.
Richard had Cassy spread her legs straight and wide. They took more photos. Then he grabbed something out of a small bag to the side and handed it to her. It was a slender cylindrical purple vibrator. Cassy gasped slightly in surprise. She had expected to pose fully nude but not actually to do anything sexual. She hesitated, and she thought about calling Bobby. But she knew what his answer would be: he'd want her to do it. She knew he'd talked it over with Richard and that if Richard was asking her to do this he had already discussed it with Bobby.
What had Bobby said? He'd said, "whatever." She was ready to cross the threshold and do some whatever.
She took the vibrator from Richard's hand and put the tip of it against her clit. She turned it on from the other end and her clit instantly responded to the steady buzzing. Her back jumped off the floor and she gasped.
"Oh!" she cried.
"Cassy, could you hold that pose with your mouth open and you back arched while you touch the vibrator to your clit like that?" Richard asked. "Yeah, just like that."
It wasn't hard to follow his instructions because her body responded that way to the vibrator almost automatically. It was strangely powerful for being so small and thin. She moved the tip around her tiny, sensitive button in small circles, and then she mashed it back and forth. She knew she was putting on quite a show of her pussy lips: opened, closed, pushed this way and that. She pushed the tip down and inside and then flicked it back and forth to make sure the lips were pushed back and open. She wanted to maximize the exposure of her sex to the photographers gathered round her. The were clicking away rapidly on their cameras. She looked up and saw Richard photographing her too, from between her outstretched thighs. She guessed his photos would be quickly sent to Bobby and she shivered at the idea of her fiancé seeing her like this, with all the men in a close half circle around her. The combination of her exposure and the hard, steady vibration of the slender rod in her pussy caused her to throw her head back and moan. She knew she was going to come soon. She focused on the delicious sensation of the vibrator against her flesh. Awareness of the men around her faded.
Richard's voice interrupted her.
"Cassy," he said. "Cassy. Pull the vibrator away."
She looked up, puzzled. She pulled it away from her pink, open pussy, with reluctance. She held it an inch away, still vibrating, ready to be plunged back in to give her the pleasure she ached for.
"I don't want you to come yet," Richard said. "I want you to be aroused for the rest of the shoot. Please put the vibrator away for now."
Cassy had assumed the climax of the shoot would be her coming to the vibrator, so she wondered what Richard meant by the rest of the shoot. She clicked the vibrator off and set it on the sofa to the side of her. She held her legs open.
"Look at that," one of the photographers said. He was pointing between her legs.
She couldn't see what he was looking at, but she felt it: a tickle against the skin between her pussy and anus. A trickle of fluid leaked out of her pink, open furrow, and she felt gravity pull it down over her taint until it dropped into the open, exposed depression of her asshole. Cassy felt wanton and naughty exposing herself this way, but she loved how eagerly and rapidly all the men around her photographed her, capturing her in all her wantonness in exquisite high resolution. She wanted to mash both hands against her open pussy and make herself come right then and there, but she didn't, abiding Richard's instructions instead. She kept put her hands on her legs, keeping them spread open. She waited for Richard's next instructions.
Cassy heard a door open and close, and a moment later she saw two men she hadn't seen before entering the studio from the front office. Both wore loose-fitting pants and t-shirts. One was tall, maybe six feet, with a wiry, muscular build. The other was a bit taller, and much bigger, with bulging biceps, a thick neck, and broad shoulders.
Cassy felt embarrassed to be spread open and on view to two more men, but she held her pose. She guessed they were two photographers who had shown up late, although they didn't carry any cameras.
"Hey guys," Richard said to them. "This is Cassy, our beautiful model for the day. Cassy, this is Chad, and this is Austin. They're models. They have lots of experience and are pros, and they're going to do some poses with you. They got here just at the right time. Guys, why don't you get ready?"
Chad and Austin disappeared through another door. Cassy guessed it was to a dressing room different from her own.
Nobody had said anything to her about posing with male models. She and Bobby hadn't talked about it. She didn't know what he would think about it. A shiver of nervousness coursed through her body. She closed her legs and sat up.
"Richard, I need to take a break for a minute," she said.
"Sure, of course," he replied.
Cassy skittered back to her dressing room, nude, and shut the door. She grabbed her phone off the counter and dialed Bobby's number.
"Hello?"
"Bobby, it's me."
"How are you doing, baby?"
"I'm O.K.," she said. "But we've got a break in the shoot and I have a question."
"Sure. What do you want to ask?"
"Well . . . " Cassy started. She paused before continuing. "You said I should just follow Richard's instructions. So, I have. It's been . . . kind of wild so far. But O.K. But these two guys just arrived. They're models. And Richard wants them to pose with me. I assume they'll be naked. We didn't talk about that and I had no idea they would be coming. I don't want you to be mad."
Cassy heard laughter on the phone.
"I'm not going to be mad, Cassy. Remember what I said? Richard and I have talked it all over. You have nothing to worry about. Just follow his instructions and do what you want to do. Whatever poses he wants you to take, I'm fine. Whatever. Don't worry about me."
Whatever. That word again. Cassy's imagination ran wild and she tried to imagine what it might encompass. Bobby sounded sincere. He didn't sound worried or jealous or mad.
"You're sure?" she asked.
"I'm sure, baby," he said. "Go ahead and get back to your shoot and have fun. Let Richard take the lead. You're in good hands. I'm having fun with this whole thing."
He sounded to Cassy like he meant it.
"O.K., if you're sure. Thanks, Bobby. I guess I have to go. I'll see you later and let you know what happens."
"I look forward to it, Cassy," he said.
They hung up.
Cassy turned around to go back to the studio. She was aware, again, of being naked – that she'd be entering the studio from her dressing room without a stitch on. She could grab a robe that hung from a hook on the wall, but it seemed like a silly thing to do because she'd be tossing it off within seconds. She stayed naked, and she opened the door.
Back in the studio, hands gathered up over her breasts, leaving her hairless pussy exposed, Cassy saw a roomful of heads turn toward her. Richard and his photographers were ready to go, and the new guys – Chad and Austin – stood near the sofa wearing loose boxer shorts and nothing more. Both were hot, Cassy thought. Chad's torso was all wiry, lean, sculpted muscle. Austin was like a Greek God, with a narrow waist and hips, massive, sloping pectoral muscles, and impossibly broad shoulders. He had muscles bulging in every direction. His loose boxer shorts barely contained another prominent bulge the size of which left Cassy wondering. Both men's chests were shaved bare, leaving the sculpture of their bodies fully revealed as though in polished marble.
"Cassy, ready to go?" Richard asked.
"Sure," said Cassy. Her voice caught in her throat and sounded tinny to her ears.
"O.K.," said Richard. "Chad, we'll start with you. Slip off the boxers. Cassy, stand over here near the sofa."
Cassy followed his directions as Chad's boxers fell to the floor. A plump, well-proportioned cock snapped up and arced away from his body, not erect but not flaccid, either. Cassy was embarrassed. Richard, however, kept things moving.
"Let's start with Chad behind Cassy, holding her at the waist," Richard said. Chad followed Richard's instructions and took Cassy by the waist, pushing up against her from behind. Cassy let out a sharp breath when she felt the head of his cock bump against her butt and settle into the top of the cleft between her cheeks. No other man's cock had been against her skin since she'd been dating Bobby. It felt electric. She was nervous and embarrassed. But she was aroused, too.
As before, cameras went off all around her.
"Chad, cup her breast," Richard said.
Chad's hand slid up the skin of Cassy's torso, stopping at and cupping the bottom of her right breast. A thumb and finger encircled and squeezed her nipple, and Cassy squealed.
"Chad and Cassy, that's excellent," Richard said. "Cassy, slowly turn around in his arms, and look at Chad like he's a lover. Hold each other and get close. Slowly, so the guys can get pictures."
Cassy turned slowly, her face getting closer to Chad's. She thought of Bobby and hoped he wouldn't think it disloyal to be in a naked man's arms this way. As she turned, Chad's cock popped out of the crack of her ass and caressed her skin in a half circle around her hips, until she was facing him. When she did, at last, his hand grabbed her ass and his fingers dug in, and his cockhead tapped lightly against the hood of her pussy. Cassy shivered. She hoped no one notice. She was trying to act like a professional, but the combination of embarrassment and arousal made it difficult to keep up appearances.
Richard walked the two of them through a few poses in that position, grabbing and caressing each other in different ways. Cassy's skin was on fire the whole time. She couldn't tell how much of it was shame and how much sexual excitement, but she didn't stop. Chad's hands were strong, and his fingers were long, and she liked the feel of them all over her.
"O.K., guys," Richard said. "Next phase. When you do a shoot with a couple it's nice to have some romantic introduction, but not too much. Your customers are going to want you to get to business. So, Cassy, can you drop to your knees in front of Chad?"
Cassy, not thinking with perfect clarity, did as she was told until her knees were against the wood, and her mouth was inches away from Chad's thick, swaying cock. It was harder now than before, and it stuck out from his body, toward Cassy's face.
Richard continued as though nothing strange was happening. It's not strange to him, Cassy thought, but I'm freaking out.
"It's always good to start the sex with a good blow job scene," Richard said. "Everyone likes it, and it gets the guy hard for the next scene."
He turned away from the other photographers to Cassy.
"Cassy, if you're not comfortable you don't need to actually suck him. We can walk through this and give everybody here a good lesson without that. So just do whatever you are comfortable with."
Whatever. That word again. With every minute ticking by it seemed to encompass a wider range of possibilities.
Richard didn't say anything, so Cassy stuck out her tongue as far as it could go. Its tip lay no more than an inch from the tip of Chad's cock, which seemed to be getting still harder. Cassy wasn't sure how far she wanted to go with this, but she thought she get her tongue close enough to the cock to give the photographers what they wanted without actually touching it.
She looked at the thick purply-pink bulb of Chad's cock. To her surprise she saw the little hole at the tip wink, and a shiny drop emerged from it. Without thinking Cassy put a hand on Chad's hip, squeezed her fingers into his skin, and pulled him closer. Her tongue almost touched him. It lay just fractions of an inch from the shiny dollop of cream. Cassy wondered how close she could get to it without touching it. She stretched her tongue farther, until its tip was directly under the cock tip.
At that moment the milky bead of Chad's pre-cum fell, and it dropped right onto her tongue. Cassy's eyes grew wide and before she could think what to do she withdrew her tongue into her mouth and swallowed.
I just swallowed another man's pre-cum! she thought. Sorry, Bobby!
"That was hot," one of the photographers said.
Cassy saw another bead of white come from Chad's pee-hole.
She lowered her body, crouching closer to the ground, tilted her head back, and opened her mouth as wide as she could, inviting Chad to lower his cock head between her lips without touching them. He did.
She couldn't stop thinking about having swallowed Chad's pre-cum in front of Richard, and the photographers. Bobby would see pictures of it later, too. It felt wanton and slutty, but it felt good. Cassy made a decision.
She closed her lips around Chad's cock.
Chad groaned, and his cock grew harder at once.
I'm sucking another man's cock, Cassy thought.
The cameras kept snapping, all around.
Cassy's free hand went up and began stroking Chad's cock at its base while her mouth worked eagerly over the head. She swirled her tongue around it. With each stroke she let him get deeper. Chad let her take care of the rhythm.
It was delicious, Cassy thought. And the taste was all the more exquisite because men she didn't know encircled her and photographed her enjoyment.
Cassy's mouth pumped away at Chad's cock for a while. Embarrassment gave way to bliss and Cassy almost forgot she was being watched when Richard gave instructions again.
"Cassy and Chad, get on the sofa. Chad on his knees with his back to one side, and Cassy on her hands and knees, doggie position."
Somehow Cassy and Chad duck walked their way to the sofa without letting her mouth leave his cock. She wanted it inside. Inside her. Fucking her. Fucking her sweet mouth. Soon they were on the sofa as Richard had instructed. She kept her mouth pumping away at his raging hard on.
"Cassy, that's great," Richard said. "You're a natural. Push your belly toward the sofa and push your butt higher. You have a beautiful butt."
Cassy knew guys liked her butt, but they'd never seen it before the way the photographers in the room saw it now. She opened her legs so they'd see everything. She'd given herself over fully to displaying herself – ass, pussy, tits, cocksucking mouth, everything. Now the photographers were on all sides of her, some capturing in great deal her full lips closing over Chad's thick, hard cock and others behind her, snapping photos of her open, lippy pussy and pretty, puckered anus with glee.
"God, this is great," she heard someone say.
"Austin, I think it's time," Richard said. "Get behind Cassy like you're going to fuck her."
Cassy shivered again. She hadn't thought about what Austin was going to do.
She heard a rustling, and thought she heard Austin's boxers drop to the floor behind her, out of sight.
"Holy shit," one of the photographers said.
"I thought 'hung like a horse' was just a saying," said another. "But fuck."
Cassy's eyes went wide, but she was so busy sucking Chad's cock she felt she dare not turn around. So, she continued sucking, spreading her legs and pushing her ass up and backward to await whatever was coming.
"Now, Cassy," Richard said, "It's not necessary for Austin to fuck you. We can get good shots if you just let him get right up behind you. Just do whatever you're comfortable with. And, just so you know, I always have my models tested, and both Chad and Austin got clean bills of health earlier this week. Nothing to worry about."
Whatever, Cassy thought. Whatever felt damn good so far.
She felt hands, larger and stronger than Chad's, grab her ass. She pushed against them, once again without thinking. Her body rocked back and forth as her mouth devoured Chad's cock, until, at last, she felt it: the thick, hard head of Austin's cock tapping the spread lips of her pussy. She wasn't sure what to do. She'd come this far, but letting another man actually fuck her pussy would be an even bigger step. Could she do it? Would she? Did she want to? She wasn't sure.
But while she was thinking about it, the cock head kept tapping against her, sometimes hitting her lips, other times her pert clit, and a few times the exposed flesh between her lips. She couldn't see it, but she knew it was big – bigger than anything she'd felt before.
Is this fucking? she wondered. Is he fucking me? She guessed that it looked like it, because out of the side of her eyes she could see all the photographers with their cameras clustered behind her, ignoring the steady mouth-fucking in favor of watching her pussy getting tapped by the cock, unseen to her eyes but obviously big.
"Excellent, Cassy," Richard said. "Let's try a different position now. Rotate your body, ass against the sofa, with your legs spread open, feet in the air."
Cassy had to remove her mouth from Chad's cock to do what Richard asked. The cock slipped out from her lips with a plop and she turned over, curious to see the big cock that had been slapping against her from behind.
Her eyes popped open wide when she saw it. She knew it was going to be big, but this – this was ridiculous. If any cock deserved to be called a horse cock, this was it. She'd never seen a cock so big: long, veiny, rock hard and jutting forward, and almost as thick as her wrist. As she spread wide, legs in the air and toes pointed toward the ceiling, she saw Austin's thick cock swaying in the air inches away from the opening of her sex.
There was no way it could fit inside her, she thought, though she didn't say anything aloud.
Cassy was mesmerized, nevertheless, at the possibility that such an enormous cock might fit inside her. She kept her legs open in invitation, and, looking down the length of her body between them she noticed the lips of her pussy were peeled back, as though eager and waiting to be entered.
Austin moved forward until the thick head pressed against her lips. He rocked his hips in a slow rhythm, and his cock head traced the length of Cassy's pussy, up, then down, and then up again. Cassy didn't think it counted as fucking, but it was close.
She turned her attention away from the huge cock to look at the photographers crowded around her, snapping photos, capturing every inch of her nude body. She thought about Bobby watching her later, with naked men at either end of her, with a huge cock poised at her pussy's entrance, ready to push in.
What would be Bobby want her to do? she wondered. He'd given the green light for her to do what she wanted. He'd told her he trusted Richard.
Whatever, Cassy thought.
She pushed her hips forward, toward Austin's massive cock, and it snagged and stopped against the pink flesh between her lips. Its tip spread her wider, and Cassy couldn't help but notice how far apart the cock's girth pushed her lips. She still couldn't imagine the cock being inside her.
But she was interested in finding out, so she pushed her hips farther forward.
Now her pussy and Austin's cock aligned perfectly, and it slipped in, partway, despite its girth. Cassy groaned.
"Ooooooooooooh," she said. She let the groan linger as she felt the huge bulbous cock head make its way inside her. Even part-way in, it filled her and stretched her. She didn't think she could take much more of it. She stared at it, between her legs, a thick pole of flesh. The tip was hidden inside her, but the rest remained outside. She couldn't imagine the rest of it buried inside her. But she wanted to see how much more she could take.
She pushed against it, again. Her pussy took in two more inches, and she groaned once more.
"Shit, look at that," one of the photographers said. He and the others kept taking photos. Cassy spread her legs wider so all of them could see.
"Guys," Richard said, "It's important at this phase to make sure you've got a good angle to the woman's cunt. Cassy knows how to pose so she's giving you a good view, but sometimes your models won't know where to put themselves and you have to guide them. Good job, Cassy! You're doing great."
Cassy barely paid attention to what Richard was saying. She just wanted more of Austin's huge cock inside her. He pushed again, slowly, and she pushed back. Two more inches. Her hips shook and her legs quivered. Her pussy opened to more of his massive shaft and it felt like her insides were getting rearranged. Cassy's breath came in loud, short puffs.
Austin was getting into it, too. He was staring down at her body underneath him with wide eyes and an open mouth.
"Yeah, baby, take that," he said. "Take my big cock."
"I want it all," Cassy heard her self say, her voice tiny, almost whispery, over the sound of heavy breathing and cameras going off around her.
"What'd you say?" Austin asked. "Tell me what you want and I'll give it to you."
"I want it all," Cassy said, louder this time. "I want your big horse cock all the way inside me!" She couldn't believe it was her voice saying it.
"Yeah, baby?" Austin asked. "You're sure your little cunt can take it? You're so tight. I don't know if you can. You need to tell me. You need to beg for it. Beg me to sink my big cock all the way into you, Cassy. Beg me loud enough that I can hear and all the other guys watching us fuck can hear it to. Come on, baby."
"Give me you cock!" Cassy yelled, throwing her head back. "Put it in all the way. Fuck me!"
"With pleasure," Austin said. With that he shoved hard, and the rest of his huge shaft disappeared insider her pussy lips. His ball sack smacked against her exposed ass hole. Cassy's eyes widened like white saucers and she let out a loud "yelp."
"My god, this is amazing," a sandy-haired, middle-aged photographer said.
"Concentrate, guys," Richard said. "It's easy to get excited about what's happening, but always focus on getting the best shots.
"Cassy," he continued. "Throw your head back. Let Chad fuck your mouth while Austin fucks your pussy."
Cassy did as she was told, without thinking about it. She craned her neck back, bracing herself on the sofa on her elbows. Sure enough, Chad's cock, still hard, was waiting for her. She opened her mouth and instantly it was stuffed.
"Mmmmph," Cassy said. Chad's cock, bigger than average but nowhere near the size of Austin's, started pumping in and out of her mouth.
I'm being fucked from two ends, Cassy thought. I had no idea I was even going to pose with anyone else and now I'm being fucked by two guys and everybody's taking photographs.
Cassy clamped her mouth down hard on Chad's cock and begin sucking, her tongue twirling against his cock head. From the other end, she felt Austin's enormous cock start to leave her, and then press back inside before he was out all the way. Both men were eagerly fucking her now, and Cassy eagerly accepted the hard, furious thrusts of their cocks into her body.
She hoped Bobby wouldn't mind. It was too late to worry about that now.
Austin sat with his knees on the sofa and held Cassy's ass in his hands a few inches off the fabric. He picked her ass up a little higher and Cassy's legs went wider, and Austin began pile-driving into her. Cassy felt the wetness inside her, lubricating and easing the passage of the mighty cock into her, but already she could feel its length and girth taking its toll on her insides, wearing her out. She wouldn't be able to last long against its assault. But on it went, regardless, thrust after thrust, two men who were not her fiancé pounding her open holes relentlessly.
She wanted to watch Austin's cock pumping in and out of her, but Chad's equally busy cock kept her from doing that. More than once she gagged as his cock hit the back of her throat. Drool spilled out the sides of her mouth.
Her body had never been treated this way before, and the sheer intensity of the hard fucking from both ends was almost painful. But it was blissful, too – her lithe, little body transported in its sheer, wanton writhing to another place she'd never been. She felt delicious and slutty.
I hope you like me as a slut, Bobby, she thought. That's how I feel. That's what you've got.
The thought made her shiver, and the shiver set off a reaction that flowed down to her pussy. Cassy felt it well up from inside –the coming orgasm. It started as a tickle, and then as a series of ascending waves, spreading over her. Her hips bucked and her legs spasmed.
Austin seemed to know what was happening, because his hands suddenly gripped her ass tighter and he pushed even more deeply inside her than before. Chad suddenly pulled his cock out of her mouth and started stroking himself furiously, holding his cock no more than inches from Cassy's face. Her mouth now free, Cassy pulled her head up to watch the piston-pumping motion of Austin's enormous cock into her pussy as she neared her climax.
When it came, at last, a few strokes later, she cried out and her whole body shivered. She closed her eyes and instantly felt the hot, salty taste of cum as Chad dumped his load on her face and in her open mouth. Austin pushed one more time into her and held his cock in her, and Cassy could tell he was emptying himself in her as well. When he was done he cried out, too, and pulled out a moment later. His cock, slicked with his semen and the wetness from her pussy, dangled between her legs, not as hard or straight as before but still massive.
The photographers never stopped. She saw their cameras gathered all around her, capturing every angle of her cum-splattered, sweaty nude body, still shaking and shivering from the hard fucking.
Chad and Austin, both pros, moved away so Cassy could be photographed alone. Cassy pushed herself up from her elbows and lay against the back of the sofa. She started to curl up. She felt spent.
"Keep your legs open, Cassy," Richard said. "Guys, you don't want to forget to get this part."
Cum dripped off Cassy's face, onto the sofa and her chest, cameras recording ever drop. She wondered what Richard meant. Then she felt it – the heavy wet mess at the gaping entrance between her legs. She looked down and used her hands to part her lips and saw it – the thick white cream pie. For a moment it hung there, not moving, suspended, but gravity did its work. A thick dollop of cream poured from her pussy to the floor at the foot of the sofa. The cameras kept clicking.
My god, what a sight I must be, Cassy thought. Richard's going to show the photos to Bobby. He's going to see everything.
There was nothing she could do now, so she sat on the sofa, holding herself open for the benefit of the photographers, until her shaking and shivering stopped. Chad and Austin stood behind them, still watching her. They may have been professionals, but they looked like they enjoyed watching a hot nude woman come down from an orgasm as much as anyone.
Cassy grew light-headed. She thought she might pass out. Tran showed up suddenly, from the side, with a bottle of water. Cassy took a swig and felt better.
"Let's get you cleaned up," Tran said.
Cassy felt her body, still weak, lift off the sofa and stagger to the dressing room. It almost felt like her body belonged to another person.
She took her time in the dressing room, toweling off and pulling the dress back over her body. She slipped her shoes on. Her head swam, crowded with thoughts and emotions about what she'd just done.
Oh, Bobby, she thought.
It was harder to open the dressing room door this time, clothed, than it had been the last time, naked. When she entered the studio again, Richard stood near the door. His student photographers stood in a cluster near the window, talking amongst themselves and scrolling through the photos they'd taken on their camera view screens. Chad and Austin were gone.
"How do you feel, Cassy?" Richard asked.
"Good, I guess" she said. "That was . . . intense. I didn't expect all of that to happen. I didn't know that was going to happen."
"I know," he said. "You were such a trooper. It went further than we expected it to. You did great. Really great. I got some great photos out of that, and I'll bet even my students did, too. I'll make sure you see them."
"Thanks," Cassy said. All she could think about was Bobby seeing them, and she wondered what he would think. He'd said to do . . . whatever. But it seemed like she'd left whatever a long way behind, and she had no idea what he'd think of what she'd done.
A tingle came from between her legs. She was sore down there, her insides feeling the aftermath of the hard fucking she'd gotten from Austin. Her legs were wobbly.
Cassy said goodbye to Richard, and his students gave her a hearty cheer from across the room as she left. In a minute, she was in her car, driving home to Bobby.
She figured Bobby would be eager and curious to see her after her adventure as she put the key in the front door to open it. But when she stepped inside, he wasn't there.
"Bobby?" she called. She thought her voice sounded frail and warbly. She was nervous about seeing him. She figured she'd have to tell him everything that happened, because Richard probably would fill him in, and maybe he already had.
She walked from the door to the living room.
Bobby was on the sofa, watching the TV. On the large screen, in high definition, Cassy saw herself, getting fucked by Austin and Chad. Her mouth dropped, and she turned toward Bobby.
He was already up, off the sofa and walking toward her, a huge grin on his face.
"Bobby, what –" she started.
"Richard videotaped the whole thing, from the beginning. He had a camera in the back of the room. He live-streamed it to me. I've already downloaded the video, and I've been watching it a second time.
"Baby, you were amazing."
"You . . . you're O.K. with this?" she asked.
"Oh, Cassy, better than O.K."
He hugged her and kissed her forehead.
"I don't think I've ever been so turned on in my life. They way they all looked at you. That huge cock pounding you. All those guys taking pictures of you, eating you up with their cameras. It was the best porno ever. My little porn star."
He kissed her again.
They embraced, and Cassy felt warm and comfortable in Bobby's arms as he kissed her face, over and over.
"Bobby, I have to admit something."
Cassy was worried and didn't know how to say what she had to say. She feared Bobby's disapproval.
"What is it, baby?"
"I – I want to do that again." She blushed and looked at her feet.
When she looked up, Bobby was grinning.
"I already knew that, baby. I could tell by watching you during the shoot that you'd want more. I want more too."
He hugged her and kissed her on the forehead and pulled back. His face was filled with kindness and understanding – and lust.
"Cassy. My sweet, pretty, little exhibitionist slut fiancée. I've booked another shoot for next week. This time there will be four guys, not two. And a new crop of photographers to take photos of you. Richard will take care of everything.
"Don't worry, Cassy. I'll make sure you get plenty of opportunities to show off your naked body again."
"You're the best, Bobby!" she said.