An ad appeared in the Photography section of craigslist:
Looking for someone to model for me.Mainly head shots to experiment with portrait lighting.In exchange I will give use of my modest studio and Iwill model for you if you want. No nudity.Just looking for a creative friend to share this fascinatinghobby with. Male preferred.
Hank was scanning the ads, looking for lenses or maybe an old camera to buy when it caught his eye. He was mostly a landscape photographer — amateur stuff, good enough to sell in a few galleries over the years — but he'd always wanted to try his hand at portraits with real studio lights, so he sent of a quick email reply:
I'm not beautiful, but if rugged works for you I'm interested.50 years old, life long photo hobbyist, never used studiolighting, would love to learn. I'm free daytime, work nights.
Molly, who had placed the ad, liked the tone of Hank's reply, and she set up a meeting at a coffee shop to discuss it further. She had her fingers crossed it would work out this time, as she had been disappointed the last time she had placed a similar ad. It was months ago, and the only respondent turned out to be a creepy guy who she didn't feel comfortable with. She's 53, divorced and lives alone in a quiet house in the country, so she wanted to be careful about who she invited there.
Her best friend thought she was crazy for even trying such a thing — advertising for a man on craigslist — but Molly's hobby had always been portrait photography, and experimenting on her ex-husband's rugged good looks had been her favorite thing to do. He was a photo hobbyist too, and the give-and-take when they worked together was a wonderful experience that she missed. So she thought she'd give it a shot again, and had her fingers crossed that a pleasant man would respond.
Molly was free in the daytime too, and at night. Her divorce settlement gave her enough to squeak out an early retirement from the nursing job she was burned-out on, and she lived simply to make ends meet. When the divorce was final she bought a tiny one-bedroom house in the country, thirty miles from the city, were real estate is dirt cheap. It had two garages — a small one-car unit that barely stands up on its own that she keeps her car in, and a newer two car unit that she insulated and turned into a simple photo studio and a place to do crafts.
————————
"You must be Hank," Molly said with a smile.
Hank had a camera hanging around his neck, and he smiled as he reached her table and took her hand.
"And you must be Molly," Hank said. "It's a pleasure to meet a fellow enthusiast."
Hank set his camera down on the table and ordered a coffee and a danish from the waitress.
"I hope you don't mind me having a snack," he said, "I've been out shooting since dawn at the wildlife refuge."
"Not at all," Molly said. "I think I'll get one too."
While they chatted Molly studied Hanks face. He wasn't truthful at all, she thought, when he had written he wasn't beautiful — she found his face to be completely captivating and handsome. Rugged yes, but soft and kind looking at the same time, with big blue eyes a girl could get lost in. Photographing him would be a delight, she thought, and she hoped they would hit it off well enough for her to feel comfortable with him.
Hank was captivated too. Molly was sliding down the back side of middle age, as he was, but she had a youthful glow about her and a body that defied her years. She was an easy talker too, which Hank appreciated, since he was the quiet shy type with women, until he got to know them pretty well.
The coffees and pastries were consumed, and the conversation was pleasant. It was clear to Molly Hank wasn't a creep — in fact he was a really good looking guy and a gentleman — so she invited him to her house the next day to experiment with some portraits. When she called her best friend Jane to tell her about how it went, Jane insisted on being at Molly's house when Hank came around, just for the first time. She didn't trust craigslist.
————————
"Hi Molly," Hank said as he walked up her front path. "Boy, you're really out here in the sticks, aren't you."
"Yeah, it was the best way for me to make the most of my money after the divorce," she said. "I've grown to love it though."
She invited him in and introduced him to Jane.
"Jane thinks I'm crazy advertising on craigslist," Molly said. "She insisted on being here to make sure you don't rape me or something."
"Pleasure to meet you Jane," Hank said with a smile. "You're a good friend to look after Molly like that."
"Molly, you didn't tell me he looked like Paul Newman!" Jane said as she looked Hank over. Molly blushed, embarrassed by her friends boldness.
After some small talk Molly and Hank went out to the studio and Jane settled down in the living room with a box of cookies in front of the TV. An hour later she wandered out to check on her friend and found Molly behind her camera, and Hank sitting in a chair in front of a brown and green backdrop, lit in a way that emphasized his manliness. A strong side light gave him a crisp, slightly shadowed look, the opposite of the soft light you'd want on a woman's face, and a small back light emphasized his full head of greying blonde hair. He looked relaxed and smiled a little when he saw Jane quietly approve of his appearance. Molly snapped a few frames.
"You guys want me to make some coffee or something" Jane asked.
"Sure, that sounds good," Molly said. "I'll help you."
The two girls wandered into the house while Hank stretched his legs and fiddled with his camera.
"Are you interested in him?" Jane asked her friend when they got to the kitchen. She had a twinkle in her eyes Molly had seen before.
"I should have known you'd want to get in his pants," Molly said. She was forcing a smile, and wishing she could tell Jane that, yes, she was in fact kind of interested in Hank. "He's all yours you slut," she said, wishing she was more like her old friend.
By the end of the afternoon Jane had left, gone home to ready herself for a date with Hank. It was his night off, and it had been a long while since a woman had made an advance at him. Jane and Molly were both attractive women, and he felt a little odd pairing off so quickly with Jane, but he had asked Molly to join them for drinks and she had turned him down. Molly didn't want to be the usual 'third wheel' she always ended up being when she went out with Jane, so she reluctantly declined Hanks offer.
Out at the bar Jane wasted no time. Just walking in to meet Hank left little doubt of where the evening was going — she was dressed 'full sexy,' in white linen capri pants that that fit her like a glove, a scoop-neck tank top made out of a slinky metallic silver fabric, and spiky high heel shoes. She turned the heads of guys half her age as she walked in, tits jiggling under the loose-fitting shimmering top that gave tantalizing glimpses of what lay beneath. Hank knew he was a goner when he watched her walk to the ladies room, her long, trim legs carrying an ass that wiggled under the thin linen in such a captivating way it seemed everyone in the room came to a standstill to watch.
"What do you say we go somewhere quiet and make some noise," Jane said with a wink after she got three margaritas in her. They went to her place.
Naked in her bed, Hank brought a lifetime's knowledge to bear to satisfy the sexually voracious woman, and he brought her to orgasm numerous times.
"You like my ass?" Jane asked, embraced in a sweaty sixty-nine. She took another deep-throat slurp of Hank's long cock.
"I love your ass," Hank said, his voice muffled by the swollen pussy he was nuzzling, and then his tongue swept upward into Jane's asshole, making her gasp.
"I want this cock in my ass," she said. "Fuck my ass Hank," she said breathlessly, stroking the slick shaft with her hand, and she lowered her head and plunged it into her throat again.
Hank had never been inside a woman's ass before, and if he was ever going to do it Jane's was definitely the one. Never had he seen anything so sexy in his life, and she was red hot and burning.
She positioned herself on her knees and he slowly worked his way in. He had never felt anything so overwhelming before, like his cock was squeezed in some kind of magic machine that injected pleasure direct to his brain — a main-line rush that was better than heroin. Jane had tried anal before and liked it, but Hank's long cock was way bigger, and she had never felt anything fill her with such heat, at such a depth, and with such an intense feeling of raw sexuality. It sent her pleasure receptors into overdrive, and when she fingered her clit she came so hard she never wanted it to end. Hank came deep inside her, an explosive grand finale that left them both unable to speak.
————————
Molly didn't ask Hank much about his date with Jane when he came over two days later. Knowing Jane like she did, she had no doubt they ended up in bed, and the thought that it wasn't her with Hank that night depressed her. But she was enjoying his company in the studio, and that's all she had really wanted anyway. Hank was setting up a different lighting scheme on Molly when Jane pulled in the driveway.
"I didn't know you were here Hank!" Jane said as she walked into the studio. She embraced him and they kissed on the cheek.
"Hi Janey," Molly said as Jane kissed her on the cheek. She was sitting on the old upholstered chair, bathed in soft light.
"I like the lighting," Jane said looking at her. "You look like a super-model."
"Oh please!" Molly said.
"No really, you look hot! Here, let me be your stylist," Jane said, and she adjusted Molly's shirt collar and then unbuttoned two buttons, letting Molly's ample cleavage show. "You don't mind, do you Hank?"
"Janey, I'm too old for that look," Molly said, looking toward Hank to gauge his reaction.
"Looks great Molly," he said. "You're a long way from too old."
"See, Hank wants to see some skin," Jane said, winking at Hank. "You ever do sexy shots Hank? You'd probably love to, right?"
"What guy wouldn't?" Hank said with a smile.
"See Moll? Let's open up a little more," Jane said as she undid all of Molly's buttons and adjusted her shirt so just her cleavage and the center of her belly was visible. Her belly wasn't flat, but not fat either, just soft and womanly, and her big tits strained under her ill-fitting bra.
"I'm not dressed for this kind of thing," she said, looking down at herself and feeling very exposed.
Molly's heart was pounding, and she wanted to cover up, but she was sick of feeling like the prude when Jane started getting wild, so she forced herself to sit there and smile.
"We can go back to the straight portrait if you want Molly," Hank said.
"No, this is OK," she said. "We're here to have fun right? And I'm guessing you are."
She guessed that because of the look on Hanks face when Jane was unbuttoning her. She liked having his eyes on her.
"Maybe you should put on a nicer bra," Jane said after Hank had snapped a few shots. "Let's go inside, I'll help you pick something."
Molly buttoned up and as the two of them walked out Jane winked at Hank. He smiled and wondered what the sexy girl was up to.
In Molly's bedroom Jane rummaged through her underwear drawer and pulled out some silky, sexy lingerie from the back. It was hidden behind the everyday stuff.
"John used to buy me those for Valentine's Day," Molly said. "I don't know if I want to revisit that — I should have thrown them all out a long time ago. And it's way too sexy for this situation anyway, isn't it?"
"Too sexy? I don't know if you realize what you've got out there honey," Jane said. "Hank's a stud. A real live, you'll hate yourself if you don't take advantage of it kind of stud. Trust me... put these on."
She handed Molly a skimpy, lacy, see-through bra and panty set, and started rummaging through her closet. A white satin button-up shirt and a short red skirt ended up in Jane's hands, and she handed them to Molly.
"What are you doing to me," Molly said, shaking her head. She smiled a little, giving away some of the excitement she was trying to hide.
"Wow!" Jane said as she appraised Molly, who was bent over in her see-through red bra and panties as she pulled up her thigh high stockings. "We gotta get to a high-school reunion soon. There's very few women who've held up as good as you honey, and I'm not doing too bad either if I do say so myself. We could have our pick of all those pricks who didn't give us the time of day when we were seventeen."
Molly slipped into her tight red skirt and the satin shirt and Jane adjusted it so her cleavage and lacy red bra showed a little. Jane handed her a red lipstick she found on the dresser, Molly put some on in front of the mirror, fluffed her hair a bit, and slipped into a pair of high heels.
"You know you're gettin' some today, right?" Jane said. "A girl doesn't look like that and not get some, I'll tell you that right now."
"Get out!" Molly said, giving her friend a 'no way' look. "We're just having some fun with some pictures. Hank's not interested in me. He's already got you on the hook, what's he need with me?"
"We'll see," Jane said with a sly smile. "Let's go, he's probably wondering what the hell happened to us."
Jane gave her own hair a quick fluff in the mirror, and they walked out to the studio, giving a lucky squirrel a view of two of the best 53 year-old asses in existence.
"Molly!" Hank said as she walked in. She looked stunning as she sat down on the old chair in front of the lights and crossed her legs. "OK, a simple head shot is out of the question at this point. You look amazing!"
"Doesn't she?" Jane said. "She always was better looking than me."
"Get outa here!" Molly said, looking embarrassed.
Hank started moving lights around, asking Molly's advice. His inexperience frustrated him, so Molly got up to explain some different lighting set-ups and had Jane sit in the chair so he could see how the changes she was making would affect the image. As Hank was seeing how things looked through the camera's viewfinder Jane looked like a natural born model and Hank started snapping the shutter. Jane responded like the sexy extrovert she is and gave him some wonderful facial expressions and body poses.
"Your turn honey," Jane said, and she switched places with Molly. With Molly's lighting set-up the red and white fabric hugging her curves really popped.
"I see what you mean about that key light," Hank said. "You're the most three-dimensional woman I've ever photographed."
"I think that's code for 'I like your tits'," Jane said, and Molly and Hank laughed as he snapped some more frames, one of which was a perfect capture of Molly's beautiful smile.
"I'm gonna re-aim the back light a little," Hank said, and while he was doing it Jane swooped in and unbuttoned Molly's satin blouse, letting it drape seductively over her big tits and showing of a bigger glimpse of her see-through bra.
Hank wanted to say 'wow!' again when he saw her, but he played it cool and let his facial expressions do the talking. Molly played it cool to, but her heart was racing, and she loved the look on Hank's face as he repeatedly looked her over and dove behind the camera for some more shots.
Jane re-posed Molly, with her legs spread as wide as the little skirt would allow, her hands on her knees, and her chest thrust out a bit. Molly resisted a little but realized the lighting would cast a deep shadow between her legs and she wouldn't be too exposed. It was a sexy pose and she was nervous about what Jane's devious mind was conjuring up next.
Hank detached his camera from the tripod and started moving with it, snapping away as he worked the scene, and he gave Molly a little direction, which excited her. Jane was behind Hank, and gave Molly wordless instruction, encouraging her to open up her shirt more. In normal circumstances, without Jane around, she wouldn't even be in sexy clothes, let alone unbuttoning them in front of a man she hardly knew. But Jane's presence always had a powerful impact on Molly's behavior, going all the way back to when they were kids. Molly rarely did anything exciting when she was alone, but with Jane around it was like she was a different person, which sometimes excited her, sometimes frightened her, and occasionally disgusted her. This day was a combination of fear and excitement, with excitement winning out. She pushed the satin shirt off one of her shoulders, exposing an entire breast and its hard, protruding nipple, which was very visible through the see-through red fabric of the sexy bra. A rush off adrenaline hit her brain as she did it, and Hank snapped a flurry of shots with his camera. The head rush clouded out any sensible thoughts Molly might have had, and she let the other side of the shirt slip down as well. Her big tits looked stunning in the well thought out lighting.
"How 'bout THAT for three dimensional!" Jane said to Hank.
"Wow!" was all Hank could say as he moved around her, snapping frames.
Hank's long cock was clearly hard in his somewhat tight faded jeans, and Jane pointed at it when he wasn't looking and gave Molly a thumbs up, which made Molly giggle a little. She had noticed too, and had already been sneaking glimpses of the bulge. It went down his leg a long way, she thought, and must be a serious piece of meat. Jane had said he was a real stud, and Molly was starting to get the picture. Of course those kinds of thoughts in her head only elevated the adrenaline coursing through her blood stream, and when Jane gave her a signal to drop her skirt she did it without thinking. She unzipped the side, raised her butt off the chair, and it was down and off her legs in a flash. Only after it had hit the floor did she think about it, and she froze. Bright lights in her eyes, a man swirling about in front of her with a clicking camera, and she was nearly naked. The sudden realization terrified Molly, and Jane could see it in her eyes.
"You're gonna have to zoom out a little Hank, 'cause I'm joining in," Jane said as she dropped her shirt on the floor and walked into the bright light. She stood behind Molly and put her hands on her friend's shoulders.
"Ready honey?" Jane said to Molly. "Let's give him the pouty model look."
Jane had on tight jeans and a black bra. Not super sexy Valentine's Day lingerie like Molly's, but not a K-Mart special bra either, and cradling her ample bosom it looked plenty sexy. Molly relaxed when she felt Jane's hands on her, but the see-through panties she had on were still making her nervous. She couldn't tell if the nerves were from the fact that Hank could see too much, or because she hadn't paid much attention to trimming herself lately and her soft, dark blonde pubic hair was slightly visible outside of the lacy panties. There was some peach-fuzzy hair leading down from her belly button — what they used to call a 'treasure trail' back in the day — and some soft peach fuzz on her inner thighs escaping from the red panties. It was far from unappealing — in fact it looked sexy as hell — and Hank was captivated by it, and the way it captured the light. Molly exuded a raw, earthy sexuality that took his breath away.
"How we doin' Hank?" Jane asked after another flurry of shutter clicks.
"Ah, great... really..." Hank said, not knowing quite what to say.
Hank was in the midst of an adrenaline rush himself, with two sexy women half stripped in front of him. His cock was throbbing and he was sure it must be visible, straining at the tight denim holding it down.
Jane broke her pose and unzipped her jeans. "Help me honey, these are tight," she said to Molly.
Jane bent over and wiggled her ass as Molly pulled them down, and her tits nearly spilled out of her black bra. Hank photographed the whole procedure, including the wonderful surprised look on Molly's face when Jane's panties slipped off her ass by mistake.
"There's never too much skin, right Hank?" Jane said, and she took off her bra in a quick motion.
"Janey!" Molly exclaimed. Her eyes were big as she watched her friend's tits jiggle out into the bright light.
"I'm just evening things up Moll. Yours are already pretty much out," Jane said, glancing at Molly's hard nipples, very much visible through her see-through bra. "Same thing with the bottom half too, I guess," and she slipped off her not so great looking black panties.
Molly was stunned, and shook her head a little as she looked into Hanks camera. Nothing Jane did really surprised her anymore, but this still jolted her and she froze again, not knowing quite what to do. Another wave of adrenaline washed through her, and she felt like she was going to burst into a full body sweat. Before she knew what was happening Jane sat on her lap.
"How's this Hank?" Jane said.
Jane leaned back and put her head on Molly's shoulder, and then sat upright and arched her back. Hank captured all the poses with lots of shutter clicks.
"Loosen up honey," Jane whispered in Molly's ear. "Pose with me. Hank's lovin' it."
Jane's quiet words were like a drug to Molly, and the tension in her mind melted like butter on a hot skillet. Without even thinking about it her back arched, like she had seen Jane's do, and her magnificent tits were suddenly front and center, upstaging her sexy friend. Hank's shutter clicked off like a machine gun, and Molly's confidence grew. She spread her legs, and the wet spot on her sheer panties gave away her excitement. There was more machine gun fire from Hank's camera as he circled in and crouched in front of the two ladies before rising and moving off to the side to capture the fullness of Molly's tits in profile.
Jane could sense he was very interested in Molly's tits at the moment, so she cupped one in her hand. Molly gave her a quick sideways glance when she felt it, but went back to a slightly nervous pose for Hank. She was surprised how good Jane's hand felt, the first hand she'd felt on her body in a long, long time.
Hank was really working the scene now, his camera firing off flurries of shots as he swiftly moved around. All the movement had let his hard cock slip around the front of his leg where it was even more visible. You could even make out the ridge of the circumcised head way out on the end of it's long length.
"It's time honey," Jane whispered in Molly's ear, and she released Molly's bra clasp with her free hand and slipped the thin straps off her shoulders. Jane held it in place with the hand cupping Molly's tit, but it was barely covering anything at this point, and Hank fired off more shots.
Jane pulled Molly toward her a little, and shifted herself so she could get both arms around her from behind. She let the wispy bra fall and cupped Molly's big tits in both her hands. It was the first time she had touched her old friend this intimately, and the heat radiating off Molly felt like high-voltage electricity. Molly felt it too, a new sensation that felt wonderful.
Their forty-five-year long friendship had never veered toward the sexual, although both had wondered about it from time to time. They had been naked in each others presence a few times, and in their underwear many times over the years. Jane had been drawn to Molly's luscious tits more than a few times in the past, especially when they had been drinking, but she had always chickened out, not wanting to risk their friendship. Molly had also been curious, never more so than a time when they had an apartment together at age nineteen and she woke up to find Jane being fucked in the living room by a boy they both knew. She watched from around a wall divider, fascinated more by the cat-like sexiness of her roommate than the good looking boy. Jane eventually saw her watching, and silently beckoned Molly to join them, but Molly shook her head and disappeared back to her room. The sight of Jane's body being ravaged and the pleasure on her face stuck in Molly's head for a long time.
Jane's soft hands gently caressed Molly's tits as Hank swept in for a different angle, closer and more probing than he had been up to this point. Jane was amazed that she wasn't bothered by it. She knew the lens on the camera, and knew exactly how her tits and Jane's hands would fill the frame. It would be a beautiful shot, she thought, and looking at it would be a thrill. The soft light was flattering her fifty-three year old flesh, and when she glanced down to look at Jane's hands on her tits Jane lightly pinched her nipples and another rush of adrenaline hit her.
Molly closed her eyes and turned her head slowly toward Jane. The moist red lipstick on Molly's slightly open mouth was too much for Jane to resist, and she kissed her. Molly responded with a deep moan, a probing tongue, and a hand behind Jane's head, holding their passionate kiss tight. Jane breathed deep through her nose, her chest heaving as she squeezed and fondled Molly's tits. Forty-five years of latent desire was bubbling to the surface in a great rush of lust.
Molly was in full lust mode too, and the words Jane had spoken in the bedroom earlier, "You know you're gettin' some today right? A girl doesn't look like that and not get some," came back into Molly's head, and she realized Jane was talking about herself doing the giving, not Hank. Hank's long cock, if it made an appearance, would just be a bonus.
"Shall we go inside?" Jane asked, and Molly nodded silently. "Bring your camera Hank. I want this for my scrapbook."
The girls walked hand-in-hand across the lawn in just their panties, with Hank behind them with his camera bag over his shoulder. It was broad daylight but they didn't care, not even when a truck drove by and saw them and honked his horn. Hank snapped pictures as they walked, like a wedding photographer documenting the action.
In Molly's small bedroom the two naked women twisted and writhed, angled every which-way across the bed as they explored each other a hundred different ways. Moans of pleasure and shrieks of delight mixed with laughter as they lost their minds to the overwhelming sensations. Hank worked the scene quietly, switching to a fast lens to take advantage of the soft natural light filtering in through the mini-blinds. For the most part the girls didn't even know he was there, only occasionally letting it register in their brain and flashing him a sexy smile.
There were numerous orgasms that rattled the old windows in the house, the first and most violent from Jane's mouth on Molly's dark-blonde pussy. Not only was it new and incredibly exciting having sex with her old friend for the first time, Molly also hadn't had sex with anyone for almost two years. When the big "O" ripped through her it outclassed anything she had ever felt before, and Jane kept it going for a long, long time. Molly's body trembled violently, her legs in the air shaking like she was being electrocuted. A whispering, vibrating, "OH-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h!!" hissed out from between clenched teeth, and she clutched Jane's head so tight to her pussy there was no way for her to escape. So Jane kept licking and Molly kept cumming, until every ounce of energy was used up and she finally went limp. An orgasm for the ages.
They were in a sixty-nine with Jane on top when Hank was drawn into the fun. He was passing in front of her to get another angle on the scene when Jane grabbed him by the waistband of his jeans and quickly had him unzipped. He set his camera on the dresser next to him as Jane flipped his long cock out, finally free of captivity. She took it into her mouth, and after the two hours of visual foreplay he had experienced it gave him a jolt of pleasure that almost blew his head off. Molly heard him moan and knew things were escalating.
"Hey Moll, you want a big cock in ya?" Jane asked after she had gotten Hank's long shaft sloppy wet.
Molly moaned into Jane's pussy and said, "I do."
Jane gave it one more slurpy suck, licked Molly's pussy again, and guided Hank into her.
"Oh FUCK!!" Molly said as he slipped into her red hot tunnel.
She thought for sure he was all the way in, and then he pulled back and slid in twice as far.
"GOD!!" Molly said, gasping for breath.
"Didn't I tell you he was a stud?" Jane said.
As Hank started slowly fucking Molly, Jane kissed all around her pussy and then turned her head so she could target Molly's clit while Hank fucked her. When she got her tongue on it Molly lost her mind, and wave after wave of orgasm swept through her. It was sexuality like she had never experienced, beyond anything she thought was even possible. The thought of an ambulance coming to take her away actually flashed through her mind, and then a sense of calm washed over her as everything she felt and heard and saw melded into a soothing blur, like she was being transported through a wormhole to another galaxy.
It didn't take Hank long to cum, after the long visual build up, and he pulled out just in time, cumming in gushes down Jane's throat. Molly was motionless under Jane.
"How'd that feel honey?" Jane asked Molly after she swallowed Hank's load. "Moll? You OK?"
Jane turned around and embraced her nearly passed out spread-eagle friend, and kissed her.
"You OK Moll?" She asked quietly.
Molly opened her eyes halfway and with a tired smile quietly said, "I'm good."
"You're better than good honey," Jane said. "You're fantastic."
————————
The photos from that day went into all their personal files, never to be seen by anyone else. Hank it turned out, really was a gentleman.
Neither of the girls had a real relationship with Hank — it just never seemed to work out that way. It was more of a 'friends with benefits' type of thing, and Molly's sex life had never been better. Some days with Hank, some nights with Jane, and once in a while both of them at once to spice things up.
There were more sexy photos taken after that, but never any more of actual sex. But the ones from that day were smokin' hot, and they all enjoyed looking at them now and then. Molly had spent some time behind the camera with Hank and Jane on the bed, so he had some good souvenirs, including a great shot of Jane, ass in the air, in mid-orgasm, her mouth open and eyes rolled back as Hank pummeled her from behind, his torso moving so fast it's a blur.
Molly keeps a framed picture on her dresser of she and Jane sitting on the old chair in the studio, still in their bras, smiling like the happy school girls she remembers them being. In her top drawer is another that she gets out once in a while, of herself in mid-orgasm from Jane's tongue on her pussy, her body tense and her hands clutching Jane's head. It's a beautiful photo, softly lit with streaky shadows crossing their bodies from the slats in the mini-blinds.
Jane keeps a picture from that day on her dresser too. It was one of the first shots Hank took of Molly in her white satin shirt, with her lovely cleavage and the sexy red bra peaking out. A perfect capture of her radiant smile — the perfect portrait of Molly.