Part 7 - More sexy fun in Romania!
Please feel free to leave any comments/suggestions/feedback.
This story is again pretty long, and takes a bit to get going, but is a mainly build up for upcoming chapters.
This story continues from part 6.
*****
The evening at the club was fun without being very eventful. Several guys trying it on with Hayley whenever Dan wasn't around, if he went to the bar or toilet for example. After the thorough ass-fucking she had received from George that afternoon, she wasn't really interested in entertaining them tonight, instead looking forward to getting back to their hotel and giving Dan a proper thank you for getting her the massage. The last time he returned from the bar, Hayley was dancing and talking with two girls he recognised from arriving at the same hotel he and Hayley were staying at that morning. Hayley introduced them as Cassie and Lily, and not only were they staying in the same hotel, it turned out they were also from the same city in England. Cassie was similar in height to Hayley, although she was a little bigger in size without being fat, and had long dark hair that came to below her breasts. Lily on the other hand, was 5 or 6 inches taller than Cassie and Hayley, a lithe frame gained from a love of long distance running that had almost no perceptible fat on it, and small boobs like Hayley. Lily's most obvious feature though, was her hair, being an extremely thick, long mane that hung down to past her waist.
It was around 3am when Dan and Hayley decided to call it a night, so Cassie and Lily chose to walk back with them, reasoning it was safer to be with others rather than just two girls on their own. When they arrived, they all said good night and went their separate ways, saying they will most likely see each other around the hotel. When they got back to their room, Hayley stayed true to her intentions, giving Dan quite possibly the best blowjob he had ever received before riding him with her all, finishing off by swallowing his load before they finally passed out. The following morning, they headed down to the restaurant for breakfast before taking a seat at the pool bar, ordering a drink as several of Ben and Paul's friends came and went, heading towards the main beach as Dan and Hayley chatted.
Roughly an hour later, Cassie and Lily walked over, both dressed in bikinis, ordering a drink before saying they were intending to sunbathe during the day before going out at night, and asked if the couple fancied joining them on the loungers. Instead of laying around by the pool, Dan suggested they go to the spot on the beach where he and Hayley usually go, so having ordered several drinks, they made their way up the beach. They arrived and Hayley immediately took off her bikini top before laying down, which brought a smile from Lily.
"Oh thank god. I wanted to take my top off but was a bit unsure if you guys would mind!" she laughed, reaching behind to undo the string of her bikini top, before pulling it over head and releasing her small boobs.
That comment brought a wry smile from Dan, considering that this holiday Hayley has probably spent more time without a top on than with. As they lay in the sun, they mainly chatted about things at home, until Lily asked what they had been doing during the day on holiday. Hayley explained how they had looked around the town a few times, before saying she had met two different photographers and had then done multiple shoots with each. She first told her about Miruna, and how the challenge was to get amateur girls to flaunt their body by posing topless, especially in front of everyone at the beach. This immediately grabbed Lily's attention, and she began asking questions, clearly interested in doing a shoot, so Hayley went into more detail, even saying that she did several nude shoots at a different beach because she enjoyed it so much. Cassie turned to Dan when she heard this, commenting that she knows Lily will do that as she is always getting naked.
"If you want to do one, get Dan to give her a ring. I've left my phone at the hotel but he will call her and tell her you want to." Hayley said.
Lily turned to Dan and asked if he would mind, and sat watching as he made the call.
"Hi Miruna... Yeah I'm good thanks, how are you?... Oh, well, I might be able to help you out with that, I'm sat on the beach by our hotel with another very good looking girl who is interested in doing a photoshoot with you if you're available... I'm not sure, she didn't say, but considering she's laying here with me, Hayley, and her friend and has got her tits out, I'd guess topless won't be a problem... Ok, I'll see you soon."
Pressing the button to end the call, Dan told Lily that Miruna is on her way, which made Lily excited and nervous simultaneously, before taking a big gulp of her drink and laying back on the lounger to wait for Miruna to arrive. The wait wasn't long, as the dark haired cutie was soon within view, walking up the beach to where the small group were waiting. When she arrived, Dan introduced Miruna to Lily, and the two began chatting about how the challenge and website came about. As they talked, Lily was flicking through the portfolio at the pictures of previous girls, before Miruna asked to confirm about the shoot and handed her the release form.
"So, I understand you are happy to do topless pictures, right?"
"Yeah I'm fine with that." Lily replied.
Miruna then asked her to put her top back on, as getting the girls to remove it is part of the websites gimmick, before they moved out on to the sand and started the shoot. Dan, Hayley, and Cassie all watched on as Lily played up for the camera, not hesitating to take her top off again when Miruna asked, posing as requested and improvising at the same time. After a while, Miruna asked Cassie if she wanted to join in, but she was reluctant, instead preferring to remain sunbathing on the lounger as the shoot continued. After about an hour, Miruna said she thought she had got enough pictures, and sat down with the others to go through them with Lily, stopping on several of them and saying how much they both liked the pictures, before Lily took a deep breath.
"I don't want to stop now. I'm having fun doing this. I want to keep going, can we do more sets?" She asked, looking to Miruna.
"Yeah of course" Miruna said, "I was having a bad day at the beach as it wasn't very busy and girls didn't want to pose, so I'm happy to get lots of sets."
With that, they moved back on to the sand and started shooting again, although this time, there was something different in how Lily was posing, being a lot sexier and more seductive as she looked into the lens than the playful 2 sets she had just done. Miruna noticed it too, changing the frequent compliments she was giving from things like 'that's really nice' or 'you look so pretty like that', to 'ohh, that's sexy' and 'wow, that's really hot'. Hayley had now stood up and was by the side of Miruna, helping demonstrate some of the poses that she had also done in her shoots, including the one where she pulled the sides of her bottoms in alternative directions. After this, Miruna encouraged her to play with the string at the side, which she gladly did, undoing it and pulling it in various directions, before holding on to the string from the back but letting the front completely fall open, giving Miruna and Hayley a full frontal view.
This surprised Miruna, as she thought Lily was only prepared to do a topless shoot, but she continued taking pictures as Lily made no attempt to cover herself up, instead starting to undo the string on the other side, and letting the front hang down completely.
"I didn't know you wanted to do a nude shoot, or we could have gone to the other beach" Miruna said while briefly pausing from taking pictures.
"Oh, I'm ok to do it here if you're happy to take the pictures. There is only us around, but there is always the risk that someone could walk up the beach and catch me, which is a big thrill."
"Of course I'm happy to take the pictures, I was just surprised you want to do it here. We will stop if anyone comes". Miruna responded.
"No, that's ok. If someone comes up and catches me, good for them." Lily laughed, and resumed posing for the camera.
"Besides, you never know, I might get caught by a fit guy or two.." she added.
"I can make that happen if you want, I've made a few friends here that I bet would like to watch this, as they loved watching Hayley!" Dan offered, inadvertently revealing that Hayley had done a nude shoot for another photographer, and that she had been watched by at least one, maybe more men.
"Hmm, it depends on how fit" Lily replied, still changing her positions for Miruna to capture.
"Oh god Lily, I know I said I'm not bothered who or how many guys you sleep with, but can you stop thinking with your vagina for a few hours, please!" Cassie blurted out, bringing a laugh from everyone else.
This gave Dan an idea, and it sounded like Lily would likely be up for what had just come in to his head, so he thought he would wait and ask after the shoot. He did ask if Lily wanted him to text the guys to come and watch, but after a few seconds of thinking, she decided no, but if they come up anyway, then she would carry on. As Hayley and Miruna continued with Lily's shoot, Dan began talking with Cassie, who revealed that she would like to do a shoot, but felt a bit self-conscious being photographed in hardly anything for a website that has so many thin girls on it. It took a lot of encouraging, but finally Cassie agreed to a shoot, insisting topless was as far as she would go, when Miruna finished with Lily. When the first nude shoot finished, Miruna suggested for Lily to swap bikinis with Hayley for a second shoot, which Hayley was happy to do, and for Cassie to join in for the start of the shoot, saying she can drop out whenever she likes.
Whilst they were discussing various poses and shots, Dan decided to head back to the hotel to get more drinks for the group, and quickly made his way to the pool bar, asking the bar tender for a couple of pitchers to save keep coming back. As the drinks were being made, he took out his phone and called Stephen, seeing if his plan may be viable.
"Hi Stephen, it's Dan, you ok?" he began.
"Yeah, I'm good mate, thanks. Look, I've had an idea, I might have a group of girls for you if you fancy some photoshoots tomorrow. One of them is another photographer but not very experienced, I was thinking I'll see if they're all available to do some shoots for you if that's alright, and the girl might pose for you in exchange for some advice and pointers. We met these other two girls from our hotel yesterday and one of them seems up for anything, so what do you think?" He questioned.
"Yeah, I'll see if they can do tomorrow, what are you thinking, do you want them to meet you somewhere?"
"Wait, what?? Alright, that will probably seal the deal. Oh, the other thing, one of the girls, the one I said seems up for anything, she seems to be hoping to meet what she called fit guys, so if you want to take a few of your mates along, that's fine, so long as they are going to behave as her friend seems a bit more shy."
"Ah, Ok, cool. Let me ask then, and I'll be in touch with a yes or no. Alright, speak to you soon."
Picking up the pitchers, he headed back towards the rocks where he knew the shoot would be underway, but chose to stay close to the edge where the hotel property meets the sand, just in case Cassie had gone a bit further than topless as he wasn't there. He slowly moved into a position where he was pretty well hidden but could see the shoot pretty easily, and watched as both girls moved around for the camera. Both were already topless when he started watching from his 'hideout', and Cassie seemed to have now lost any apprehension she had earlier, and was now smiling as she happily let Miruna photograph her with her boobs out. Dan kept watching as Miruna kept clicking, and it was only a few minutes before Lily began playing with her bottoms, encouraging Cassie to do the same, getting her to expose more of herself in doing so. As before, Lily didn't wait too long to take them off completely, however Cassie wasn't so eager, so Miruna suggested that she take them off and the two girl hug, before offering more solutions so that Cassie wasn't showing everything, which she went with. The advantage Dan had, was that due to the position of Miruna and the girls, he could see everything, so took out his phone, and began filming it from where he was, until finally Cassie said enough and moved away, putting her bottoms back on and laying on the lounger.
Dan took this as his cue to move, so picked up the pitchers of drinks and walked back, making it fairly obvious that he was there so they saw him, but Lily just carried on like nothing was different, and Dan headed back up to join them. He sat down and poured everyone more drinks, before Miruna called time on the photoshoot, and after Lily got re-dressed, they both came over to join them. Dan asked Lily and Cassie how they enjoyed the shoots, to which both responded highly positively, so once everyone was sitting down, he decided to tell them about his phone call with Stephen.
"Ok, now I'll tell you what took me so long to get the drinks. I was on the phone with a guy we met here." He started. "He's a professional photographer who has been published in international magazines, he's had exhibitions in galleries, the lot. He did a few shoots with Hayley earlier this week, and he's asked if you all would be interested in doing some shoots tomorrow. Now, before you rush in, here is what he's offering - He was intending to go out fishing with a couple of his friends on his boat, as apparently he's got access to this yacht, but has said if you all want, they will do that another day, and tomorrow him, Josh, and his other friend will take you four out on it. Apparently, he knows this great place to go for shoots, so you can all spend the day doing photoshoots and partying with a rich guy and a couple of his mates on his yacht. And yes Lily, before you ask, his friends are fit, me and Hayley have seen them and all his mates are unfairly good looking, but also ripped!"
Turning to Miruna, Dan also extended Stephens additional to her.
"He's even offered an extra bit for you, if you pose for a set for him, he will be happy to give you advice or offer any pointers he thinks if you want it, it's up to you. What do you think, you girls fancy living it up tomorrow?"
Hayley turned to Dan and asked if he would also be going, but since she knew he gets sea sick very easily, his response that he wouldn't didn't surprise her, but made her curious as to what he would do while she was out with the others. He replied that he would head to the town and have a look, buy some presents for when they get back home, and then head to the English pub for a bit and probably find someone to play pool with.
"What kind of photoshoots does he want to do? Is it like, landscapes and stuff, bikini, topless, nude, what?" Lily asked, clearly interested in the proposition.
"It's completely up to you. He does all of them. When he shot Hayley, he told her it was up to her how far she wanted to go, level wise. Since you enjoyed today so much, why don't you three do another nude set tomorrow for Miruna wherever he takes you, and Cassie can stop if she doesn't want to go that far, then get Miruna to join you and get Stephen to do a set with all of you, and again, Cassie can stop if she doesn't want to get naked, then see how you feel about the level you want to go to." Dan explained.
"Ok, so what level did he shoot with Hayley?" Lily again quizzed.
"All levels. They started out with her in a bikini for some landscape pictures, then topless, then nude. In the end, his friend Josh, who helps him out but is also a part time model, joined in, and they did a few shoots, including full nude, the last one being, shall we say, very erotic. It was just them in the moment, and he captured it on camera."
This brought a very surprised gasp from the two new girls, as they were clearly surprised at what they had just heard. Dan had basically told them he watched his girlfriend do a "very erotic" photoshoot with another man, and was now actively encouraging her to go and do another shoot with the same man, without being there himself.
"So, let me get this right, you're actively encouraging your girlfriend to go and do a naked photoshoot, and then party with a rich guy and two of his friends, on a private yacht, and you're not going to be there? Aren't you worried something might happen?" Lily asked, clearly trying to understand the relationship between Dan and Hayley.
Realising she wasn't going to put two and two together, Dan decided to spell it out for them, explaining how their relationship has changed recently and the fact that he gets off watching her with other men. He then went further, confirming that during the shoot with Josh, he actively encouraged them to continue to full sex, and that he isn't worried about tomorrow if Hayley goes, because he is encouraging her now to do anything tomorrow. He is completely fine if the photoshoot or the partying turns into sex, so long as she wants it and has a good time, he is happy. He then went on to re-iterate that Stephen had promised the other girls are not expected to do anything they do not want to, either in the photoshoots, or at any other time, even saying if the girls modelling don't want Josh and his other friend there, they will go away for a bit so you are comfortable as not all girls are relaxed if there are other men around watching.
This was enough to convince Lily, who stated that she was definitely going to do it, but would obviously prefer it if the others did too. Hayley was the first to say she would also do it, before turning to Miruna as Lily spoke to Cassie, trying to convince their friends to come with them. Finally, Miruna agreed after Hayley reminded her of how much fun they have had recently, and re-iterating that there will be 3 more good looking men there, so who knows what could happen. Lily used a similar tactic on Cassie in order to get her to agree to go, throwing in that there will be a lot of alcohol on the boat, so they can party for basically free, as all it is costing them is an hour or two of their time. Finally, all of the girls had agreed, and were now chatting excitedly about it as Dan texted Stephen.
'Hey mate. All girls have said yes and are looking forward to it. I got a couple of things to ask of you though - I would like a copy of all the pictures tomorrow, not just Hayley's pics'
'Yeah of course, no problem. What's the other thing?'
'I have told Hayley she is free to do whatever she likes, both on the shoot and after when you're partying on the boat. If the shoot goes the same way it did with Josh, I am cool with it, and I want you to encourage them to keep going further if it's as hot as last time. If she says no at any point, then obviously that means no, but if you're on the boat and everyone is drinking and things happen, don't worry about it.'
'Fair enough, the guys coming with are all good and would take no for an answer, so don't worry. They'll be fine.'
They text a few more times, with Stephen arranging to meet them at 10 o'clock behind the hotel, before they all made their way back to the hotel and Miruna heading back to the main beach, hoping to find one or two more girls to shoot before finishing for the day. As Dan, Hayley, Lily and Cassie sat around the pool bar drinking and talking, the day seemed to fly past, and soon it was almost midnight and everybody was feeling pretty drunk. The conversation then began to turn raunchy, with Lily asking everyone what was the "naughtiest" thing they had done, sex-wise. Cassie thought for a second, before saying it was the time they had a threesome with her ex-boyfriend. Lily said hers was also a threesome, but it was with a friend of hers when she lived in Germany, and they had a threesome with the other girl's boyfriend in a really expensive hotel, before they both turned and looked at Hayley and Dan.
The issue they had was trying to think of what they would class as the naughtiest, since there were now so many things they could say that would easily be number one for anyone else. Do they say the first night, when Dan set Hayley her challenges in the club, or what happened after? Could it be the occasion with Scott, when she was double penetrated for the first time? What about the shoot with Josh, or the after-shoot activity with the three men? The one on the beach with Ben and Paul... There were so many options. Finally, Dan said his was probably the time he and Scott shared Hayley, explaining what happened, and Hayley said she wasn't sure, but saying the first night was definitely up there, as it was the first time she had ever done anything like that. It was Dan's answer that interested Lily the most, as she went on to say her biggest fantasy is to have a devil's threesome, saying it is something she has wanted to try for a long time but couldn't find anyone to help her fulfil it.
This then turned the conversation to fantasies, with Cassie admitting hers is probably considered really vanilla compared to everyone else, with it being all romantic, rose petals, candles, etc. Both then turned to Dan, looking to hear what his fantasy was, and even Hayley sat with an expectant look on her face, interested to hear what it was so she could look into it. His response though, was a bit of anti-climax, as he said that recently pretty much every fantasy he had ever had has been done, although he is looking forward to watching Hayley's latest one be fulfilled. This brought Lily and Cassis's attention to Hayley, both sitting and staring at Hayley, anxious to hear what her fantasy was, considering what they had already heard she had done.
She then explained to them what she had previously told Dan, how she constantly fantasises about being fucked while she is unconscious, going in to detail about how she imagines getting drunk and falling asleep, and waking up to find someone has had sex with her and she doesn't know who, and how much the thought of it turns her on. Hearing this, Lily then came out with something that surprised the others, as she began offering thoughts and advice, suggesting Hayley could possibly also use sleeping tablets, or to guarantee not knowing, and since Dan would be there so she would be safe, she could even take something stronger than sleeping tablets. This brought a shocked response from Cassie, as she was surprised at what her friends was suggesting, before Hayley replied in a quizzical tone, asking 'what, you mean like, a roofie?'
"Yeah, why not. I'll bet it would be easy to get hold of here, so get steaming, get Dan to invite some random guy or guys back to yours without telling you, and as soon as you get in, take it. When you pass out, Dan can text the guy to come round. Job done!" Lily said, clearly having thought about something similar before.
"Ok, I think it's time for bed. We'll see you guys in the morning!" Cassie said, encouraging Lily to also retire for the night.
Dan and Hayley also decided to call it a night, heading back to their room at the same time to make sure they were ready in the morning. Once they got back in to their room, Hayley asked Dan about what he said earlier regarding tomorrow, wanting clarification on what he said about her doing anything. Dan again told her that so long as she is happy and willing, she is free to do whatever she feels. He said he has told Stephen that he is happy for her to do another shoot like the one she did with Josh, but it doesn't have to be with Josh, it can be with anyone. She then asked about after the shoot, when they are going to be partying on the boat, and again, he told her he's happy for her to do whatever she likes, as if he was there, he would probably encourage her to have sex with at least one of the guys anyway, possibly all of them, so just because he can't go because he gets sea sick shouldn't stop that happening.
The following morning, Dan was awake before Hayley, so when he got up he made sure to pull the bed sheet off Hayley completely, leaving her laying spread eagle and completely naked from where they made love last night. He decided to go and get her some drinks to take on the boat, so wrote Hayley a quick note saying she can walk about the hotel room or go on to the balcony for a smoke, but he doesn't want her to get dressed at all or touch the curtains, signing it with a wink face and a kiss, before he opened all of the curtains fully, took the room key, and headed to the shop. While he was there, he bumped into Marc, one of Ben and Paul's friends he had met earlier in the week, and Marc asked Dan about where his "fit girlfriend" was laughingly.
"Well, she was sleeping naked on the bed, when I came here, so I would assume she's either still there, or is somewhere in the room. Although, I left her a note saying she wasn't to get dressed or close the curtains, so she will still be naked!" He responded, giving Marc a cheeky wink as he spoke.
Seeing Marc's mind start whirring, Dan knew his intention was now to get to outside Dan and Hayley's room, hoping to get to see her naked, so Dan immediately thought of an alternative. Seeing that Marc was only there to buy cigarettes and a bag of crisps, Dan asked if he would mind giving him a hand carrying the drinks back their room, which Marc immediately agreed to, since it meant he would likely increase his odds of getting to see Hayley naked. They walked over to the drinks aisle, and Dan loaded the basket up with several bottles of wine, then put in 2 bottles of both Jagermeister and aftershock, before adding a bottle of Vodka, and moving to pay for them. They loaded them in to bags, and set off on the short walk back to his room, quickly arriving and unlocking the door before he moved to put the bags on to the table in the living room, hearing the shower running as he moved through the room. As Marc entered and headed for the table, Dan moved past him and opened the bathroom door, walking in to find Hayley facing away from him as she washed her hair.
"Hey babe, you looking forward to today?" Dan asked
"Oh hey. Yeah I am. I've realised I actually love modelling, especially the nude shoots. There is such a thrill about being photographed naked, it makes me feel so sexy, thinking that people are going to see it and be turned on looking at me."
As she spoke, she heard a noise from the living room where Marc had put the bottles down, and asked Dan if there is someone else in the room. Dan told her Marc had given him a hand bringing the drinks back, most likely hoping to get to see her naked. Hayley responded that if that was the case, she was surprised he hadn't told him to go the toilet or something, knowing he would have clearly heard the shower running.
"Why would I bother doing that, I just wanted to double check you were definitely in the shower, so now I'll just tell him come in and watch." Dan told her.
"Oh, you're a bad man! It's a good job I love you!" Hayley replied with a cheeky grin.
"Well, it's either that, or I'll just take the towels on to the balcony with us while we go for a smoke..."
He turned to call Marc, but found him almost next to him already, standing by the door, spying on Hayley through the gap as the couple had been talking. He told him to come in and get a proper look, saying he was going for a cigarette as he picked up the two towels from the heater, and moving to head out, saying 'look, but don't touch' as they switched places, Marc stepping in with a big grin on his face as he got an unimpeded view of the back of Hayley's naked body under the hot water. As Dan went out to the balcony, Marc stayed behind, knowing it was only a matter of time before she would turn around and he would get to see the front of her. Much to his surprise, the only reason she was facing away from him was because she was finishing shaving her legs and using the side of the tub to balance on. As soon as she was done, she turned around without hesitation, giving him the view he wanted, and began making normal conversation. His focus though, was alternating between her small boobs and her landing strip adorned pussy, something he was not used to as every girl he had slept with had always been completely shaved, which he preferred.
After watching her for several minutes, he decided to leave, and went out to join Dan on the balcony, lighting a cigarette as he sat down in the second chair. He noticed that Dan had put the towels on the floor at the far end of the balcony which soon became clear why when Dan spoke to him.
"Dude, put your feet up on the wall. That way, when she wants to get a towel, she will have to climb over your legs." He advised.
Marc did as Dan suggested, before deciding to ask a few questions of his own.
"Mate, what's the deal with you two? I've heard you get her to fuck other guys, and if that's the case, how the hell do I get my name on that list?" He quizzed.
Smiling, Dan looked at Marc and explained that they have recently experimented a lot more sexually, and while he enjoys watching her with other men and women, she also does the same for him, but she has also found a love for exhibitionism, and gets thrills out of people seeing her naked.
"Fair enough, but as I said, how do I get my name on to that list, as I'd love to fuck her, she's gorgeous?" He repeated.
"Who say's you're not on the list already?" Dan replied, "She's going out doing some photoshoots soon, so let it go for now, and I'll speak to you about it in a bit. I've got a proposition for you that I think you'll be interested in, so wait until she isn't around, and we'll talk then, deal?"
Marc nodded his agreement, and they changed the subject, chatting about football, until they heard the balcony door open, and turned to see Hayley standing in the doorway, fresh out of the shower, and wanting one of the towels from the other end of the balcony. Knowing that Dan had deliberately done this, she shook her head whilst grinning as if to acknowledge the plan, before she quickly moved out to get to them, stopping at where his raised legs blocked her path.
"I'm comfortable, you'll have to climb over." He stated, almost laughing as he spoke. "And Marc looks comfortable too, and you can't expect our guest to move, so I guess you'll have to climb over his legs too!"
Due to the fact she needed a towel, Hayley again shook her head, and did as suggested, both times facing the person she was climbing over, although when she stepped over Marc's legs, she deliberately lowered herself to rub on his crotch, blaming the floor being slippery, but feeling the bulge in his shorts as she did so. She picked the towels up and repeated the process to go back inside, moving to the bedroom in order to get ready. A short while later, Marc said his goodbyes and left, having arranged to meet back up with Dan after Hayley had gone. Dan stayed out on the balcony, leaving Hayley to get ready, before she gave him a call at roughly 10 to, saying she was ready. As he walked inside, his phoned bleeped, and the display showed a video from Hayley. When he asked her about it, she said for him to watch it quickly, and then ask again if he wants more information, so he opened it and pressed play, finding a selfie of Hayley in nothing but a towel.
"Hi, my name is Hayley, and I am making this video of my own free will, being in sound mind, and under no duress. The purpose of the video is for Dan to show to whoever he sees fit, so that the person seeing it knows I am giving my full consent to being used for sex in any way they wish while I am unconscious. My fantasy is to be used by for sex whilst I am passed out, and I am again giving full consent for either Dan, or the person or people of his choosing, to use any non-violent means to get me passed out, including the use of excessive alcohol, sleeping tablets, and even other means, such as roofies. The only things I do not agree or consent to, are acts involving anything toilet related such as urine or shit, choking, extreme physical abuse or anything that would leave permanent marks or scars, and the hair on my head is not to be cut or shaved in any way, Again, this video has been made by me of my own free will, and there would be no repercussions for anybody that participates in any sexual activity with me whilst I am unconscious, as I have given my full consent, and I agree for them to use this video as evidence of my consent."
When the video finished, Dan looked at Hayley, who was now looking a little sheepish to gauge his reaction, and told her that is fine. He said he was a little surprised she has given the ok to being roofied, but so long as she is consenting to it, he's fine with it too, and they grabbed the bottles of alcohol for the party and headed down to reception to meet Lily and Cassie. Miruna showed up a few seconds later, so as they were all there, Dan texted Stephen, and almost immediately got a reply that he was waiting on the beach behind the hotel. They all headed out there, and as soon as they stepped outside, they couldn't help but notice his yacht, anchored a few hundred yards out, and absolutely huge. Stephen himself, was leaning against a smaller boat, obviously used for transferring to and from the yacht, with 3 friends putting crates of beer in to the boat. They all walked down to join him, and he introduced Josh, Mason, and Alex to everyone, as Dan handed them the drinks he had brought whilst the girls began stepping into the boat. Despite there being 8 people and loads of alcohol, there was still a surprising amount of space in the small boat as it bobbed about in the shallow water. After saying a quick goodbye and encouraging everyone to have a good time, Dan helped give the boat a shove out to deeper water, before Stephen started the engine and they began heading towards the much larger vessel, opening the throttle as they got further out and quickly approaching the yacht.
The small boat pulled along-side the larger, and the girls stepped out on to the boat, walking up the steps to the deck as the guys began unloading the drinks and all except Stephen followed the girls, as he instead started the small boat's engine and steered it in to the back of the yacht, before pressing the button on the winch that brought the net up through the gap and lifted the small boat from the water. Once this was done, he too headed upstairs to get the boat moving to his destination for the shoot, arriving on the deck to find all of the girls topless already, music blaring out, and being passed a beer by Mason as the girls danced. He had a good look around at his models for the day, clearly impressed with what he saw, and was now secretly hoping they would all not only do nude photoshoots, but also do a collective nude shoot. He quickly paused the music as he wanted to make a quick announcement before they started going.
"Ladies, allow me to welcome you to your pleasure vessel for the day. It's official name is boring, but based on my love for photography, the purpose of the day, and the fact everybody is already topless, I am temporarily renaming it to the 'Increased exposure'! Now, I do have one small request for everyone that is going to be involved in a photoshoot today, if you are wearing anything that is elasticated, I humbly request you change said item, as it leaves horrible imprints in the skin for ages. Everyone has impressed me with their preparation in bringing several outfits, so if you would either change to non-elasticated clothing, or just take the item off altogether, either is fine. Now, enough of that, boys and girls, get to drinking and partying, and I'll go and get us to our destination. It will take about 20 minutes, so enjoy yourself!"
Whilst Stephen had been talking, Alex had been pouring shots of Jager for everybody, and handed them out as Stephen headed to the cabin, all quickly downing them as the music restarted and the atmosphere became much more relaxed with everyone dancing in the sunshine. As Dan had promised to Lily, Stephen's friends were very good looking, which just added to the sex appeal of them since they all had extremely good bodies, with muscled arms and legs and extremely defined abs, they could have been mistaken for the Chipendales or Dream boys. As the yacht sped along the water, heading to wherever Stephen had in mind, a second round of shots was being passed out, which were quickly devoured, before Mason suggested body shots and grabbed another bottle of spirits. He pointed to Hayley and instructed her to lay on one of the loungers, before Alex moved to by her legs to do the shot. As she lay back, Mason opened the bottle and began pouring the drink just under her neck, making it run down her body, between her breasts, and pooling in her belly button. Alex had been waiting with his chin hovering above Hayley's bikini bottoms as Mason stopped pouring briefly, and moved the bottle to over her belly button, before pouring a little more and moving the bottle towards his friends' mouth, leaving a trail of the spirits that continued to dribble further down her body, even entering through the gap of her bikini and skin. When he stopped, Alex took that as his cue, and began licking the shot, starting just above her bottoms, and heading north to remove it all from her body as everyone else cheered and laughed.
He lifted his head up from her when he reached the point just under her neck where the pouring began, laughing and giving Hayley a quick kiss as he went to move. Hayley was also laughing as he was doing the shot, and as he started to move off, she said it was cold when it went down her bikini, which Alex heard and immediately put his hand onto her shoulder to imply she doesn't move, before moving back to his former position and stating that he clearly didn't get all of his shot, and again began to lick at her body, starting just above her bottoms before putting his index fingers inside the material at either side of his chin and tugging the fabric down as he went about finishing his task. He kept going until his tongue had passed the line of hair and skimmed over her clit, sending a shiver through Hayley.
"Alright, that's enough for now!" She announced, putting her hands on each side of his head and guiding him away from her pussy as he reluctantly complied.
Lily then pointed at Josh, saying it was his turn, and positioned herself on her knees in front of him, her head level with his shorts as Mason moved and began pouring the shot from a similar place to how he did with Hayley, letting it run down Josh's chiselled body until it hit the top of his shorts, which Lily then tugged at to lower slightly, before retracing the path of the liquid back up his torso, again, everyone laughing and cheering at her completion. This continued for all of the group, everybody both taking a shot an having it poured on them for someone else to drink, before the boat slowed significantly until it stopped, and they heard the anchor being dropped as Stephen made his way back to them, saying they had arrived, and encouraging them to grab their things and head back down the steps.
He led the way, pressing the button to lower the smaller boat back into the water, before pulling around to the side for everyone to climb in to. The guys passed him several cool boxes full of various beers, wines, and spirits, and when loaded, they headed towards the beach in front of them. It was obvious why he chose that location, since there wasn't a soul in site, but there were several places and features he could shoot with the group, including piles of huge rocks that could serve as changing spots if anyone was feeling shy. As they arrived at the beach and pulled the boat up on to the sand, everyone helped unloading it and transporting the things up the beach, before Stephen suggested that Miruna start her shoots first, offering to keep the guys away from them if any of the girls don't want to be watched. Whilst Miruna wasn't fussed about the guys watching, Cassie said that she will do the shoots with Lily and Hayley, even agreeing to nude shots, but doesn't want an audience, so the lads agreed to stay away for that. With that, the girls moved around the rocks and up the beach a little, and Miruna asked if they objected to having Stephen there since he would be a photographer, rather than just someone watching, which after a little convincing, Cassie agreed to.
She got started, initially taking solo sets of each girl, before doing a twin set with Lily and Cassie. Despite considerable encouragement from everyone, Cassie still refused to pose full frontal, instead keeping herself covered with her hand or leg, but having no problem raising her arms when she was facing away from the camera, much Lily's surprise and slight annoyance, not understanding her friends hang up. When the duo shoot finished, they called Hayley in, and started another shoot, where as it progressed, Miruna had the girls walk out in to the water, all completely naked, before turning back around and walking back, and as before Cassie continued covering her pussy with her free hand since they were all holding hands in a line. As they slowly walked back, Lily suggested they put their arms up in the air, which both her and Hayley did, before she began staring at Cassie, who was still covering up. This proved to be enough, as finally she gave in and raised her hand, fully exposing herself to the camera as Miruna continued to shoot, and Stephen called out compliments to the group. That turned to be a turning point, as after that, Cassie didn't bother even attempting to cover herself up, allowing Miruna to focus on the pictures as she felt a sense of newfound freedom to pose naturally.
Finally, it came to the last shoot, where Stephen took over the camera and Miruna joined in with the girls, quickly getting naked, and enjoying herself as he took the pictures. Wanting to keep everyone relaxed, Stephen suggested they pause the shoot and he will go and fetch some drinks, but the as the girls were now fully relaxed, they just said to call out to Alex, Mason, or Josh to bring them round, which he did, and a short time later, Josh appeared carrying a cool box, which was quickly raided. Nobody seemed to care that Josh had now seen them all naked, and invited him to stay, seeming to put on a little show for him as the shoot resumed, even pulling him to a couple of pictures with them. Eventually, the shoot ended, and Miruna packed her camera away, before Stephen asked if they wanted to continue with their individual shoots there, or move back around to the main beach, which they all agreed to, but he said they can get dressed if they wish, and he will do the shoot as a strip shoot if they prefer, rather than starting nude outright. All four girls, chose to put their bottoms on only, before heading back around to the main beach, completely unaware that the entire time, Mason, Alex, and Josh had found a hidden spot and had watched all of the photoshoots, as well as filming them on their phones and the video camera they brought with them to record Stephen's shoots, and quickly swapped the memory card to a blank one, ensuring the girls didn't find out.
When everyone else came back around, they were laying on the sand drinking beer like they had been there all along, and Stephen asked the girls individually what kind of level they want to go to, before he began shooting the girls individually, starting with Cassie, as the others sat on the sand with the guys, drinking wine, spirits, and beer. It wasn't long before he had finished the shoot with Cassie, and switched to Miruna, starting off with topless shots, but quickly graduating to full nude, Miruna finding Stephen to be an extremely relaxing photographer to pose for. When she finished her set, she had a quick word with Stephen, saying that even though she previously agreed to nude only, she was prepared to keep going in another nude set with Alex if he wanted to. He was definitely happy to do this, and stepped up the beach, taking directions from Stephen as Miruna slowly undressed him and the set progressed. Once it had finished, Cassie stated that she didn't feel particularly well, asking for directions to the nearest residential area to get a taxi back to the hotel, and Miruna offered to go with her, since she lived in Romania and could speak the language. Josh offered to walk with them and get them into a taxi, which they thanked him for, and headed off.
Before leaving, Lily quietly told Josh to hurry back and gave him a wink, as the rest of the group stood up for the group shoot they had all discussed. Hayley offered to do the first shoot, saying she doesn't mind who it is with, and both Alex and Mason immediately offered to join in, resulting in them flicking a coin to see who it would be. Mason won, and asked Stephen what he wanted, at which Hayley stated she is not fussed what he wants, saying she doesn't mind if he wants her nude all through, and Mason can strip accordingly during the set, which brought an enthusiastic agreement from her male co-model, so she slipped off her bottoms and awaited instruction as Lily and Alex took a seat on the sand to watch.
At Stephen's direction, Hayley moved to the large rocks and lay across them as he snapped a couple of pictures, before Mason joined in, standing beside her and placing his hands on her stomach as she put a hand on his, feeling his six pack through the t-shirt covering it while Stephen clicked away. At the first change of position, his t-shirt was removed and she was stood against him, her small breasts pressing against his solid chest as Stephen took another shot. As more pictures were taken, Mason took off his shorts, leaving him in just his boxer shorts, although they were clearly struggling to hide the bulge at the front. Several more images and Hayley decided it was time for them come off as well, pulling them down as they stood back to back, Mason facing away from Stephen as his friend took the images.
As Stephen shot, Mason felt Hayley's hand begin to reach around his hips where she had turned around and was pressing against his back, before she found the hardening prize she sought and began slowly teasing him. Stephen then requested Mason lay down with Hayley on top of him across his lap, which she did, positioning herself face up and feeling his growing erection pressing against her bum as Stephen continued taking pictures. After a few more position changes, Hayley had moved to lay on top of him again, although this time she was face to face, and Stephen was near their heads as the pictures continued. She could feel the thickness of his length between their bodies so slid herself up until it was free, before sliding back down the muscular torso as his erection pressed against her opening. The next shot was possibly one of Stephen's favourite ever images, as he captured the exact moment his friend's dick breached Hayley's pussy, her wetness allowing him to slide in as she slowly pushed back further. His thick, uncut cock continued entering as her pussy retracted his foreskin inside her, adding even more sensation to the feeling Mason was enjoying as he began pushing himself deeper into her love tunnel.
Stephen had continuing shooting the faces of the pair as they became entwined, the pleasure being derived from their interlocking bodies visible to his camera as he took several shots while they started becoming lost in the moment. Both were now starting to forget the camera was there as they maintained eye contact through the slow and sensual manner in which Mason had begun raising and lowering his hips, each time his length seemed to enter Hayley a little further than the last.
Josh had arrived back on the beach and was sitting with Lily and Alex as they watched, fixated on the scene in front of them, watching a stunning girl being photographed having sex with a man that wasn't her boyfriend. Lily couldn't help secretly wishing it was her in place of Hayley at that exact moment though, having become incredibly turned on by what had unfolded in front of her, before remembering that she will be up next, and has the choice of Josh and Alex to shoot with, bringing a smile to her face.
Stephen had moved around to the side of the pair as they continued in their own world, moving back to get a wider shot as Hayley continued slowly riding the thick meat inside her, grinding herself harder against him as her clit pressed against him. As her orgasm began slowly building inside, she moved upright and arched herself backwards, her small boobs with bullet like nipples being pushed forward as his cock probed her tight snatch. The next shot Stephen took also rapidly shot towards the top of his favourites, with Hayley still arching her back as he took the shot, making it a silhouette of the two as her orgasm continued to build. Reaching up, Mason took her breasts in his rough hands and began to softly squeeze them, his fingers locking onto her nipples and tweaking them between his thumb and forefinger. This increase in stimuli was making her orgasm speed up, and she could feel the bubbling rising, so decided to delay it a little while longer, quickly standing up and removing his cock from her, before turning round and lowering herself back down, to just above where his hand held his cock to pointing skyward.
Placing her hand behind her on his stomach, she moved down until she could feel his cock beneath her, currently touching against her ass hole. As she attempted to reposition it to her pussy, Mason also adjusted himself and began raising his hips, clearly hoping to enter her back side as he put his hand on her hip in an attempt to limit her movement away from his dick. Hayley just increased the amount of weight in her hand pressing against his stomach, almost indicating for him to stop moving, which he did, before she looked over her shoulder to face him.
"Will you please stop trying to put your cock in my ass. Maybe later I might let you, if you behave and stop trying now, but this shoot is being done more artsy rather than filthy, so get back into my pussy and if you make me cum, later, you might get rewarded!"
This served as an increased incentive for Mason, as he immediately guided himself away from Hayley's ass hole and slipped back into her wet pussy, allowing her to start riding him reverse cowgirl as he pulled her back onto him, reaching around her tiny frame and again playing with her nipples as she enthusiastically bounced on Mason's throbbing hard on. The three sitting down had a perfect view of the action as they looked on, mesmerised by the show being put on in front of them as Mason carried on hammering into Hayley, whose orgasm was beginning to rise quicker with each thrust. Sensing his own approaching, Mason let go of her right nipple, and slid his hand down her body, over her navel and down through her landing strip, before arriving at her clit and rubbing it frantically, almost as if he was strumming a fast song on a guitar as his cock rammed in to her.
Something had to give, and it Hayley who achieved her orgasm first. Raising herself off the hard dick as it hit her, she let out a loud moan as she the dick popped out of her and, much to everyone's surprise, she squirted onto the sand beneath them. This didn't stop Mason, as he took hold of the base of his cock and moved it back in an attempt to put himself back in, although he was met with resistance from Hayley as she was desperate for respite as wave after wave of pleasure crashed over her. Unfortunately for her, Mason wasn't going to be denied, and he quickly used his left hand to push her back down as he slipped his erection back inside her, immediately resuming the frantic pace he was at previously as Hayley attempted to escape from his grasp. Her knees were now like jelly though, and his more muscular frame held in place for a few more seconds as she bucked about, her pussy throbbing from his relentless assault, before he himself pulled out and began shooting his cum onto her stomach.
Stephen had again moved position, and captured the shot of his friend's spunk mid-air, half way between Mason's cock and Hayley's body, and he continued snapping as Hayley collapsed onto Mason's solid body beneath her as she struggled to catch her breath. As she lay on him, he carried on spraying his load onto her, covering her pubic mound with his jizz, before finally finishing as his cock remained firm and straight, the veiny shaft pressing against her still tingling pussy, before she turned her head and quietly told him to put it back inside her, explaining how she loves the feeling of a cock softening and slipping out naturally after sex, to which Mason immediately complied with her request. This prompted Stephen to move himself and start rapid shooting their interlocked genitalia, determined to capture the moment that happened, before finally being rewarded as Mason's erection began to dissipate and he slid out of Hayley for the last time.
Once he had the last shot, Stephen moved to his laptop and began transferring the pictures over, before loading another memory card into his camera in preparation Lily's shoot, checking she was ready, and asking if she still wanted to do the shoot with one of the guys, explaining that the level she works to is up to her.
"Yeah I got that, and as I said earlier I'm happy to start dressed and strip to full nude, but I'm not sure who I want to join in with me, so why don't we get started and they can be introduced as it progresses?" Lily answered, standing up and slipping on a matching lace bra and thong.
"That's fine" Stephen replied, changing the battery pack in his camera whilst he waited for Lily.
As Lily pulled on a tiny red dress, Hayley and Mason moved separately towards the sea, wading in and using it to wash themselves, before walking back up the beach and laying on their respective towels, allowing the hot afternoon sun to dry them naturally. Lily had now finished getting dressed and began walking as directed, Stephen capturing the images of her in various poses and looking stunning as she did so, the dress really complimenting her lean figure, and the bra assisting her smaller chest to appear slightly larger in the images he caught. After a short while of posing, Lily had an idea regarding the shoot, so decided to ask Stephen about it.
"What I am thinking, is, what if, I mean I've already said I'm happy to get naked, and I'd really like to have both Alex and Josh shoot with me, but I'm thinking it's kind of already been done where they come in and strip the girl before they strip as well. What about if they come in and strip first, before then stripping me. What do you think, could we possibly do that as something different?" She asked the photographer.
"I don't mind. In fact, I think that could work really well, but it's up to the guys, firstly if they are happy to both join you, and then if they are ok to do the shoot like that."
Lily and Stephen both turned and looked to Alex and Josh, awaiting their response, as they sat mumbling, trying to find an excuse to not do the shoot like that. In their minds, they wanted Lily to get undressed by them first, so that she was to be fully exposed to everybody before they were, and they were not keen to change this if they could avoid it.
"Oh, for fuck sake, I'm still going to be getting naked. You're still going to see me wearing nothing. Why are you so afraid to get naked first? What's the matter, ashamed at your dick size?! Lily laughed, despite being agitated by their reluctance to even contemplate her idea.
It seemed that the last sentence about being ashamed of their size had a reverse psychology effect, as both agreed to do the shoot her way almost immediately, asking Stephen if they should put their t-shirts back on before joining in. Looking to Lily, they both nodded to each other, before they did as requested and moved to position next to her as Stephen began snapping again. The shoot continued as slowly but surely, both Alex and Josh were instructed in removing their attire, sometimes at Stephen's direction, sometimes with Lily making a suggestion that he agreed with, leaving both of them naked but for Lily's strategically placed arms or other body parts covering their modesty. This continued for several shots, before Lily jokingly suggested she thought that was enough, much to Josh and Alex's disbelief.
"I'm only joking! I'm not naked yet so we can't be done, but I'm just saying in advance, I'm not going as far as Hayley did. Whilst her set was amazing to watch and I bet the pictures do it justice, I don't want you guys to get your hopes up that you're going to get the same on camera."
With that, Stephen began directing the men on how he wanted her dress removed, and the shoot resumed. Mere minutes later, Lily instructed Alex to remove her bra and cover her boobs with his hands as she stood in front of him and over Josh, who was on all fours, before getting the guys to switch places and repeating the shoot. Multiple other pictures took similar patterns, with the guys switching positions to repeat the shot, before finally, she felt her thong was being slowly tugged down as her back was to the camera, so she decided to let it happen, Stephen still capturing the pictures as both guys slowly pulled the underwear over her curvy ass and down, finally arriving at her ankles.
Lily stepped out of the thong, before turning to face the camera as the men kept their backs to it, giving the guys a much closer view of her naked body than they got earlier when they spied on her sets with Miruna earlier in the day. Up close, they were able to see just how smoothly shaved her pussy was, not a trace of hair was in sight and both Alex and Josh noticed, subconsciously noticing any differences between her body and Hayley's, and the fact Lily had a clean shaven pussy compared to Hayley's landing strip was an immediate difference everyone noticed.
The pictures kept coming, and Lily was finally able to get the guys to pose full frontal as well, without anything covering them, although it did take a while as both were reluctant due to the shoot not being as strong as they expected, given that Lily had made no attempt to touch either of them in any sexual way, and had not suggested anything other than them to touch her breasts occasionally. After almost half an hour of these type of pictures, Alex had begun getting frustrated by the lack of action and little chemistry between them, so decided to make a move to see if it would loosen Lily up a little. The current shot had him standing behind Lily as she had her right foot up on Josh's back, who was once again on all fours, and was almost face on, so as to not quite make it an "open leg" shot, so he recommended that she move position to the left, but use his hand to cover her, which Stephen immediately loved the sound of. As Lily began to move, Alex reached around and cupped her pussy with his left hand, immediately feeling that she was turned on, and taking her a little by surprise as she expected his hand to be in front of her, not actually on her.
"That's perfect! Hold that position!" Stephen called out as he snapped several times.
He then asked Alex to move closer behind Lily, so that her back was touching his chest, which he did, although now he had a semi, which would have been pressing against her back, so he bent his knees a little and slid his cock between her legs, meaning she could definitely feel pressing more and more against her wet pussy it as it got harder. Loving the shot, Stephen asked her to turn her head so that they were almost face to face as he moved position.
"Hmm, it feels like someone is turned on!" Lily whispered to Alex as she felt his fingers move slightly, applying pressure to her clit as his erection continued trying to lift her up.
"How could I not be? My cock is almost entering a gorgeous girl, of course I'm turned on" he whispered back as he again twitched his finger, sending another jolt to Lily's now very sensitive area.
"Almost? I can feel it trying to enter me!" She responded, still maintaining the quiet conversation
"Well, it was almost entering you..." He replied, as he adjusted his stance slightly and the tip slid in, slowly followed by more of him as he pushed up on his muscular legs.
Stephen had immediately realised what was happening, and stopped asking for poses, instead letting the shoot progress naturally now, but still taking pictures as Alex began to slowly fuck Lily, who still had her leg up on Josh's back, much to his irritation, while she turned around and began to kiss Alex as he slid in and out of her. It wasn't long before Alex had put his arm under the leg she had on Josh's back, raising it to allow his friend to move as he began thrusting with more purpose. Josh stood up and stepped back slightly, watching as Alex was being photographed having sex with Lily and wishing it was him. He couldn't hide how turned on he was, as his cock was sticking out in front of him, and Lily soon noticed this once she broke off thee kiss with Alex, encouraging Josh to move closer to them, before taking his hard dick in her hand and slowly jerking him off as Alex continued pounding her from behind.
AS she continued wanking Josh, he had unintentionally moved closer and closer to her, and decided it was a good time for a change, moving her hips forward a little to allow Alex to slide out of her, before turning round, bending over, and taking his cock in her mouth, tasting her own pussy juices as she presented herself to Josh. He didn't waste any time taking up the offer, quickly sliding into the soaking pussy in front of him and fulfilling Lily's biggest fantasy in one deft move.
It turned out that Alex clearly found her blowjob technique amazing, as not long after she started, he started shooting his cum into her mouth, although since he didn't give her any warning, she began to gag and cough a little. While this happened, Josh was still fucking her from behind, and since Alex's dick was still spurting in her mouth, the coughing began forcing his spunk out from the side of her mouth, oozing around the cock and dripping on to the floor. This now presented Lily with a dilemma, since she never swallowed cum, instead always spitting if the guy jazzed in her mouth, but Alex was not moving to give her the chance to spit it out, instead his throbbing member remained in place and continued to pump his seed. The issue she faced was, she had also never had a facial, and knew that if she moved to get him out of her mouth whilst he kept cumming, she would most likely lose that virginity instead.
Finally, she decided that she would rather have a bit of spunk on her face than have to swallow the huge load being shot in her mouth, and put both hands on Alex's ripped stomach, pushing him back a few steps, and coughing the mouthful of sperm out as he gave her a bit of space. Josh had not stopped behind her, and was now starting to get close to his own orgasm, assisted by her muscles contracting around his cock as she continued coughing, and he knew he had just passed the point of no return. Speeding up as he felt the cum rising from his balls, Lily had now stopped coughing and was instead moaning in pleasure as his hard length worked her tight pussy at pace, but unfortunately for her, he pulled out before her orgasm arrived, and she felt his cum landing on her back as her own climax disappeared, leaving her standing frustrated on the sand and with Josh's cum on her lower back, running down to between her ass cheeks as she stood up.
Lily decided to copy what Hayley had done, and walked down the beach towards the sea to clean herself up, leaving Stephen to transfer the contents of the camera's memory card to his laptop as the lads pulled their shorts on again, with Mason standing up and walking over to speak to his friends as Hayley pulled her phone out to text Dan once she got re-dressed. She put her bikini back on, and picked the rest of Lily and her things up, before walking down to give her the towel, leaving the guys at the top of the beach as the girls chatted.
Now that the girls were out of earshot, Mason asked his friends about his plan for the rest of the afternoon.
"Steve, when we get back on the boat, take your cameras down to the master bedroom and then come back up and you three keep the girls occupied. I'll go and hide them and leave the remotes out, then I say we get these two pretty tipsy and you know they'll be up for anything, so we'll spend the afternoon gangbanging them on hidden cam! I think that sounds good, fucking these two fitties. That sound good to you guys, banging both of them? You never know, they might even lez out for us and fuck each other as well."
Josh and Alex immediately agreed, and even though he wasn't keen on the hidden camera idea, Stephen also said yes, and they began to pack their things up, heading back towards the small boat where the girls were sitting, both on their phones typing messages, Lily texting Cassie to check she got back ok, and Hayley texting Dan.
'Hey babe, we've finished shooting now so going to head back to the boat and parrrttttaaayyyy! Shoots went really well, and I think mine was the hottest of all of them ;-) xxxx'
Seconds later, her phoned pinged as Dan replied -
'Hey gorgeous. Glad it went well and you've had a good time so far. Who did the shoot with you? I'm guessing it was another set like the one with Josh, so I can't wait to see the pics. Now it's back to the yacht for plenty of drinks before the celebratory orgy I'm guessing... Haha, enjoy it if that's the case! xxxx'
Hayley chuckled as she read the last message, having previously not thought about it, but now the idea was in her head and it sounded quite appealing, although her original intention was just to drink and dance. She sent one more message to Dan before the lads reached them -
'Damn right! Haha. What have you been up to today? Anything good? Why don't you see if Lauren and Vinny are free and want a 50% version of a repeat performance, I think she would enjoy being spit-roasted or dp'd! Anyway, going back to the yacht now. Have fun and I'll see you soon. Love you xxxx'
'See you later. Have fun and make sure to tell me which one was better! Love you too xxxx' Dan replied.
After loading the equipment into the boat and pushing it out into the water, the group boarded the boat and headed back towards the yacht, all now having a beer from the cool box as the headed towards the huge vessel for an afternoon of partying and who knows what else.
To be continued...