Angie was naked and standing in front of the full length mirror in her apartment. Her tits had recovered from the rough slapping and were its usual golden ivory skin tone. Will sent her some clothing by overnight mail that he wanted her to wear for their date tonight. She had never felt this excited about a second date before, but the first had gone beyond expectations. Though she had been quite disappointed that he hadn't taken her back to his place. He'd dropped her off at her place and declined to come up with her.
They hadn't really texted much over the last two days, but a package had arrived this morning for her and she didn't have time until she came back from work to open it. He had explicitly said that she was only to wear what he'd sent for the date, no more and no less. Angie tore the package open and inside she found a black dress with no other items of clothing. Will wanted her to go without underwear.
Angie lifted the dress up and she realized that it would be nearly impossible to wear any underwear. The sleeveless halter dress might be plain in color, but it was the most risqué thing she had ever worn. It had a crisscross cutout over the stomach and upper chest that bared the inner sides of her boobs and a good amount of her under boob. The dress was midi length with two massive slits that went beyond the junction where her thighs met her hips. Just the right amount of wind would showcase her shaved pussy. She looked damn sexy in this. Will had definitely stored away the fact that her tits didn't need any support because this dress had none.
She struck a pose in front of the mirror and she put the final touches of makeup on her face. Angie had gone with a deep red lip color as she felt it added a sultry flare to her look. She had just finished when her iPhone made a ping. She saw it was from Will, he was waiting downstairs for her. Angie took the stairs down as she didn't want anyone she knew to see her. She had told him to pick her up at the side door, but he was nowhere to be seen.
She was about to text him when she saw his next message, that he was at the front driveway. Angie really didn't want to walk through her building dressed like this, but she knew better than to disobey her master. He'd told her all the rules for this relationship and that included absolute obedience. It was so arousing to give up all control to someone else. He was even dressing her like he wanted.
Angie walked through the lobby of her fancy building and she could feel several eyes on her. It had been easier to have her tits exposed in a bar and on the street to men she didn't know than to flash her body in the sluttiest dress she'd ever worn to people who were her neighbors and staff who saw her daily.
Angie felt her cheeks grow rosy as she walked by a couple that lived on the same floor as she did. The boyfriend's eyes lingered on her tits as she heard the girlfriend whisper, "I knew she was a slut with those tits!"
He nodded in agreement, but she could see that he was loving how visible her body was to him. Angie hurried past them, her tits swinging and her hips swaying. The doorman whistled appreciatively as he opened the door. "Damn you look hot."
Angie let out a sigh of relief when she saw Will's red Audi waiting for her. He got out of the car and greeted her with a peck on the lips. "You look stunning," he said as opened the door for her like a perfect gentleman.
Angie beamed at him and got into the car. She felt really sexy in this dress. He climbed into the car and when he was settled in, he leaned over and pushed her top up to uncover her tits. He kneaded her tits with his hands like he was making bread dough. She moaned as her nipples puckering against his palms.
"Slut," he said and pinched her nipples, "you don't ever tell me what to do," he paused and applied more pressure on her nipples, "do you understand me?"
"This slut understands, master," she gasped as he twisted her nipples to emphasize his words. It hurt, but it also felt good. "This slut will obey master's every want and whim."
He released her nipples and rolled down the windows. Angie could feel the wind against her tits as he revved up the engine. He still hadn't started pulling the car away and she could feel her pulse escalate at the thought of an acquaintance seeing her tits out like this. But he obviously wanted to display her tits to any passerbyers.
There were several people that walked by, luckily her apartment was in a busy area of the city and she didn't recognize any of them.
"Fuck did you see those tits?"
"Damn that slut's got her tits out!"
"Big fucking boobs."
Will finally began driving and the wind coming in stimulated her nipples into pebbles. Whenever they got stopped at a light, Angie prayed that the driver wouldn't look her way. Most of the time they weren't paying her any attention, but one man got hit in the head staring at her tits by the woman sitting next to him.
Angie kept quiet on the drive. She didn't try to rearrange her top to cover her tits as Will has been the one to push her top up. As they turned into the restaurant, he closed the windows and he stopped the car in front of the valet. He glanced at her as the valet tried to open the door. Angie's pulse was racing, thinking he was going to make her walk into this restaurant with her tits out. But Will reached over and pulled her top down, covering her tits as he unlocked the doors.
The valet helped her get out of the car and her slit flew to the side, leaving her pussy visible for a brief moment. Angie blushed as the valet stared at her intensely. Will came and offered his arm, which she took. Several men turned to eye her body as she walked with Will into the restaurant. Her dress was very revealing, though Angie noticed that other women were also wearing sexy outfits too.
The host led them to a table near the back of the restaurant. Angie could feel his gaze on her tits and when she glanced down, she saw that her nipples were quite obviously protruding against the black fabric. The host drew back her chair and helped her to sit, pushing the chair back too quickly that she tilted off balance and fell forward.
"Sorry!" said the host and he grabbed her by the shoulders, his long fingers pressing into the tops of her tits. "Are you okay?"
Angie looked up at him briefly before looking down at where his fingers were sliding down her tits. "I'm good," she said softly.
The host removed his hands and he took the linen napkin and placed it on her lap, his warm hands pressing into her thighs where the slits had fallen open, exposing all of her legs though the piece of cloth in the front of her dress still covered her cunt. Angie's pussy was damp and she looked at where Will was watching from his seat. He looked amused by the host's excessive attention. He had told her before they'd met up on the first date, he liked his sluts to make men want them but not be able to have them. Will had given two groups of men blue balls and only he had fucked her pussy.
Angie spread her legs apart and the host's hand slipped closer to her pussy and the tips of his fingers brushed against her slick lips. She leaned forward and pressed her tits against the host's arm. The host pressed back, squishing her tit as he removed his hand. There was a bit of her juices on his fingers, which he quickly wiped on the black waist apron he was wearing to signify he was staff at the restaurant. The host placed their menus on the table and said he'd be back to take their orders.
The table the host had given them was small and Will moved his chair closer to her so they were sitting basically side by side. "Did you like teasing him?" he asked sharply.
He pulled her thigh even further apart and he shoved two of his fingers into her cunt. Angie was glad that their chairs were facing the window, so that no one could see what he was doing to her. He added a third finger and he was stretching her snug pussy with his thick fingers. She leaned back against the chair, her tits jutting out a little, as she enjoyed him finger fucking her.
"You are so wet." Will curled his fingers and rubbed against her g-spot, which felt so fucking good. "You liked showing your slutty body to him, didn't you?"
Angie nodded. She was finding it difficult to talk because she could feel her orgasm building as he kept fucking her g-spot with his fingers.
"If you cum before I give you permission," he warned as he kept on mercilessly stimulating her g-spot, "I will punish you."
Angie squeezed her thighs together and panted heavily, her tits heaving as she tried to hold back her orgasm. Will grinned maliciously as he kept on assaulting her pussy with his fingers. The host was heading their way and Angie placed her hand on Will's arm, though she didn't try to pull his hand away.
The host was standing in front of them and he could see that Will's hand was underneath the part of her dress that covered her pussy. The host had briefly felt her lips and Angie blushed, knowing that he knew she wasn't wearing any panties. Even though she had tantalized him earlier by letting his hand slip closer to her pussy, she knew that he could tell that Will's fingers were fucking her because he had continued to move his hand as if the host wasn't there.
"Shall I give you both more time?" asked the host, looking pointedly at where Will's hand was under her dress, shifting back and forth.
"What do you recommend?" asked Will as he slammed his fingers against her g-spot.
Angie groaned out loud and squirmed a little as she tried so hard not to cum right there right now. She didn't know how much more of this she could take when he finally halted his momentum. Her clit was throbbing and he pressed his thumb on it hard. She shuddered and took in some slow, steady breaths to calm herself down.
"I recommend the special of the day," said the host as he stared at her tits as they moved up and down with each cycle of inhalation and exhalation. "The appetizers are raw oysters that are really juicy and the entree is a long shank of lamb that is prepared just perfectly."
Will withdrew his hand and lifted it up so that the host could see her juices glistening on his fingers. Angie's cheeks were burning as he pressed his fingers against her lips.
"Taste yourself," he commanded.
Angie opened her mouth obediently and licked his fingers in front of the host. Her nipples were sticking out even more against the thin fabric. There was something so fucking hot about tasting herself like this in public. The host watched her suck the last bit off of Will's fingers.
"We'll take one special of the day," he said. "This slut will be feasting on my cum tonight."
Angie was blushing furiously. She couldn't believe that Will had said that in front of the host. Fortunately, their table was far enough away, no one else could hear him.
The host nodded and asked as if everything was normal, "Would you like anything to drink?"
"I think he would like to see your tits," drawled Will.
He had told her via text that his slut had to obey every command or they would be punished by not being allowed to cum. Angie wanted to cum so badly that she lifted her top, letting her tits slide out. She could see the faint reflection of her naked tits in the window, but otherwise no one else could really see them where they were sitting.
"What wines do you recommend?" asked Will.
The host listed off several pricey picks and as he described the bottles of wine, Will began pinching her nipples in the way that made her pussy ache even more.
"What do you think this slut would like to drink?"
"Cum," said the host bluntly.
Will grinned wickedly and he turned to look at the closest tables, which really didn't have a good vantage of the table they were at.
"Why don't you make him cum?" said Will as he tugged hard on her nipple.
Angie stared up at the host, who looked quite excited.
"Get on your knees and suck him off, slut!" ordered Will as he twisted her nipple painfully.
Angie pushed her chair back and dropped her napkin on the ground. She crawled under the table and the host drew in a deep breath as she began to unfasten his pants. Thankfully his chef's apron and the table hid most of her presence between his legs.
"I was thinking of a Muscadet for the oysters and a Pinot Noir to go with the lamb," remarked Will as Angie grasped the host's cock and guided it into her mouth.
The host's knees buckled a little and he gripped the table as she deepthroated him. His cock was average size and it was easy to take his entire length. She tasted his salty precum and she started massaging his balls in her hands. Angie could hear him talking in a strained voice about the best choices for a Muscadet and a Pinot Noir.
It was so arousing to suck on this stranger's cock where it'd be pretty easy for someone to catch what she was doing. All they had to do was come over and check on the table and they'd see her giving the host head. Angie could feel his balls tighten and she sucked down harder, really stimulated his shaft with long strokes of her tongue. She pressed a bit harder on his balls and inched her lips up his dick, which was all it took for him to erupt in her mouth.
"Fuck!" hissed the host as he continued to spasm as she swallowed his load.
Angie then popped up from under the table, licking her lips and holding the napkin victoriously. She sat back down at the table, her tits still out as she placed the napkin on her lap. Her nipples were swollen and her pussy was dripping. She really needed to cum so badly. She didn't care if Will fucked her on the table with everyone watching, she was so horny she didn't care anymore. Even if she got arrested for sexual promiscuity.
"How was the appetizer?" he asked, grabbing her tit and massaging it roughly, just the way she liked.
Angie moaned. "This slut swallowed all his cum."
"What does slut want next?"
"This slut wants master's cum."
Will smirked and slapped her tit. "Get us the wine you recommended, now if you excuse us, this slut needs to be fucked hard."
He dragged her by at least one table on their way to the bathroom, where they saw that her tits were hanging out of her dress. Will opened the door and shoved her into the bathroom. It was quite luxurious and he bent her over the toilet, unfastened his pants and plunged his cock into her soaking cunt.
He was gripping her tits as leverage to fuck her hard and fast. Angie could feel her orgasm rushing forward, but he still hadn't given her permission to cum. She stared down at the toilet where she was bracing herself as he ravaged her pussy. It would have been more helpful if the toilet was dirty, but it was clean and pristine.
"Don't cum you cunt!" he roared as he continued to pummel her pussy.
His balls were slapping against her and she could feel her legs shaking. She really didn't know how much longer she could keep herself from cumming. She reached down and twisted her clit, which was painful enough to dull the pleasure that was ramping up in her cunt from his dick drilling.
"Fuck, your pussy is so fucking tight!" he shouted as he pulled hard on her tits. "Fuck, I'm cumming!"
Will exploded into her pussy in thick, long spurts. Angie gritted her teeth together, pinching her clit hard, but it was impossible. She couldn't hold it back anymore. She creamed him as she came gloriously, her cunt contracting wildly on his big dick.
He jerked out of her, his cock still quite large and swollen. He spun her around and pushed her onto her knees. Angie obediently opened her mouth and he deposited his cock for her to suck and lick clean from their combined cum. When she was done he ordered her to stand.
"You came without permission," he snarled. "Naughty sluts are punished."
"This slut has been so naughty," said Angie as she still reverberated from her intense orgasm. "Master should punish this slut."
Will pulled out a pair of silver nipple clamps from his pockets. He grabbed her nipples and yanked her toward him. He fastened the clamps tightly on each of her thick nipples. Angie groaned as they pinched down hard on her sensitive buds. It was going to be so obvious under her dress that she had the clamps on, even if they were small. He pulled the dress over her tits and he smiled at the outline of her nipples being clamped with the chain dangling in the cutout.
He pulled her dress aside and slapped her ass several times with loud whacks until her cheeks were bright red and tender. Angie could feel her clit throbbing from the stinging pleasure. The last slap hit her on her cunt and she yelped loudly. Will grinned and opened the door, shoving her out right into the errant host.
The host caught her, curling his arms around her, as she fell into him. Her nipples, which were being squeezed by the clamps, crashed into his chest. Angie could feel the additional pressure on her sore nipples and there was no way he missed the metal digging into his chest.
The host pushed her against the wall and pulled up her top to expose her clamped nipples. "So fucking slutty," he said, tugging at the chain connected to the clamps as Will emerged from the bathroom.
"You can play with her tits all you want," drawled Will as he walked by Angie and the host, "but her slut holes belong to me."
The host grinned lasciviously and shoved her into the empty bathroom. He locked it behind him and pulled her tits out of her top. He smashed her tits together and yanked on the chain, stretching out her poor nipples to the point where Angie felt tears in her eyes. The host then forced her into her knees.
"Fuck my cock with your big titties," he said as he spat at her tits and pulled out his cock.
Angie pushed her tits around his cock, but because her tits were so perky she had a difficult time working her tits up and down on his dick. She really wished her tits were bigger in times like these. Her nipples were aching in the clamps, making it difficult for her to concentrate on fucking his cock with her tits. The host twisted her clamps and Angie groaned in pain, then relief when he unclipped them.
He dropped the clamps on the floor and crushed her tits over his cock, pressing her sore nipples into each other. The host really began fucking her tits, vigorously pistoning in and out of her soft, sensitive flesh. Angie felt her head getting whipped around by his rough tit fucking and she could feel her cunt leaking, even though she was a bit terrified that he wouldn't actually just fuck her tits. What would stop him from taking her pussy or ass when Will wasn't there?
Angie hoped using her tits like this was enough to get him off. Her tits were aching so badly as he kept jackhammering into them. He was using her like she was a fucktoy and she was just for his pleasure. Angie gasped as he shoved her back so he could fuck her tits with the wall supporting her against his aggressive thrusts. He released her tits and grabbed her by the back of her neck and fucked her mouth for a few strokes before he released his second load of cum in her mouth. She swallowed all of it and he rewarded her by snapping her clamps back onto her tender buds.
"Will should be just about done with his meal," said the host as he flicked her clamps, eliciting a loud moan from her. "You are a prime piece of slutmeat." He squeezed her tits and grinned. "You better join him. He doesn't like to be kept waiting."
-
Will had polished off his meal when Angie made her way back. Her makeup was smudged and her tits were swaying as she walked over to the table. He could see that the man sitting at the table she had to pass was staring at where her clamped nipples were poking through her dress with the chain dangling in the cutout. His eyes widened when he saw the chain and Will rose from his seat to greet her, positioning her body so that the other man could see as he pulled hard on the chain.
Angie jerked slightly and Will placed his hand on her back, guiding her through the restaurant as the chain swung between her clamped nipples. He grinned as her cheeks were such a lovely shade of pink. She was so submissive and so slutty, yet still embarrassed at what she allowed him to do to her. Will gave the ticket to the valet and as they waited for his car, he fingered her chain, looping it around his knuckle.
Angie was panting and he could see her pupils were dilated due to the adrenaline running through her body from the combination of pain and pleasure. When his car pulled up, Will led her by the chain and Angie quickly followed. Her cheeks were even more flushed. The valet opened the door for her and Will saw him yank the chain, causing Angie to inhale sharply.
When they were settled in the car, he drove it down the block and pulled into a small parking lot. She was sitting comfortably in her seat and he unfastened his pants and dragged her to him by wrenching on the chain. Angie opened her mouth obediently when she saw his cock spring free from his boxers. He forced her down on his cock and fucked her face hard.
Will had gotten so erect thinking of what Derek had done to her in the bathroom. He would have liked to see Derek fuck her tits, but he also wanted her to think he'd left her alone with a perfect stranger. Derek could really fuck a pair of tits hard and Will was sure Derek would have some bruises tomorrow. Will often brought his sluts to Derek's restaurant to see how far he could push them in such a high end setting.
Angie had been embarrassed, but she had acquiesced to his every demand. Will sighed with contentment as she deepthroated his big dick. She wasn't even gagging at all. He continued to apply pressure on the back of her neck as he rammed his cock into her throat. He reached into her dress to release her nipples from their clamps. Angie trembled as the blood returned to her abused nipples.
"Cum for me, you fucking cumslut," he shouted as he fucked her mouth harder.
Will pulled on her sore, aching nipples and Angie howled around his cock as her pussy drenched her dress and the passenger seat. Will kept on fucking her throat until he couldn't hold back any longer, he came hard and violently, keeping her down as he choked her with his cum. Somehow Angie managed to swallow all his cum like a good cocksucking slut.
Will grabbed her long black hair, which he wrapped his fist around, pulling her off of his dick. "How was dinner?" he asked.
Angie licked her lips. "Dinner was good."
Will slapped her tit hard and Angie yelped.
"This slut thanks you for treating her to loads of cum, master!"
Will reached over to caress the tit he had just slapped. "If you're a good slut, I will see you in a few days," he said as he rubbed his thumb into her distended nipple.
"This slut will be good, master."
Will smirked. There were so many things he wanted to do to Angie and he was just scratching the surface. It had only been two dates, but she was entirely in his thrall. He really wanted to expose her in a setting that would truly humiliate her and cement her status as his cock hungry slut.