You hesitate as you board the shuttle bus. It was your last chance to abandon the weekend. Something about the risk made you feel alive and you resigned yourself to find a seat and settle in with your overnight bag.
The clean and orderly bus slowly fills and you start on a short journey to the landscaped main gate of what will be your home for the weekend.
You glance down at the brochure in your hand. On the cover are unrealistically beautiful women in various states of frolic and happiness. Through the window of the shuttle the setting sun flashes between the trunks of trees reaching high out of your view.
The road is smooth and the views are pleasant and you start to relax into your seat. A free weekend getaway seemed too good to be true. But so far you have been pleasantly surprised.
Two women in the row in front of you are talking animatedly as if they suddenly recognized each other. You eavesdrop... OK... they met here at some point in the past... they reminisce... something about a competition and you definitely heard the name Sabot several times.
"Well, these two seem normal and they decided to come back... maybe I should relax and stop questioning my luck" you think to yourself.
You feel the shuttle roll and bounce as it turns into the driveway of the grand lodge where you and the other guests will be staying. After a surprisingly long journey through manicured landscape you reach the entry and disembark.
In the lobby you are greeted by the echoing voices of 20 or 30 other guests and you find your way to some kind of check in desk adorned with gold and silver balloons.
Standing in line you notice something peculiar... all the guests you can see are women. And these are definitely not normal women. Each and every one of them is gorgeous in some way. Some have beautiful hair... some have huge boobs on slim hourglass figures... some have the most pretty eyes you've ever seen.
A man clears his throat. He is handsome seated in a white blazer and white gloves. "Your ticket madam."
You hand him your ticket and after some pleasantries you are headed to your room on the 4th floor.
Waiting for the elevator a woman (who seemed to be following you since you arrived) inserts herself into your reality.
"Hi... I don't think I've seen you here before." she said her dark eyes smoldering.
"No... this is my first time here. I wasn't sure if I would go through with this to be honest... it seemed too good to be true."
As you speak the woman is sizing up every inch of your body. You feel uncomfortably judged by her. She has dark hair and dark eyes and beautiful ivory skin. You feel a little intimidated by her beauty and you conclude that is her intent.
"I'm Dea" she said... "welcome and I'm happy to meet you."
You carry on to your room to settle in, reflecting on the strange interaction.
Beep... Beep... Clunk. You open the door and... like everything else so far... your room is orderly and pleasant to the senses. You immediately notice clothing laid out on the bed as if the last guest forgot them. But they are laid out neatly in piles with accessories and shoes to match.
A note reads "Dear guest, Welcome to my hill country retreat. I will do my best to ensure your every need is satisfied." Below the welcome message is a detailed schedule with each activity matched to an outfit.
You examine the piles of clothes. You see hiking clothes, two swimsuits, an evening dress, etc... all of high quality with beautiful accessories.
"Wow" you think to yourself "...do I get to keep these?"
The last pile is a very sexy number... with hardly anything to it. You hold it up to your body in front of the full length mirror and sigh. "Is this a joke?"
The weekend rolls on with events, meals and recreation. It's lovely and you find yourself letting go and having a great relaxing time.
All the guests are indeed women as you suspected. As you spend time with them you notice just how truly beautiful they all are. You also notice the name Sabot coming up time and time again.
As far as you can tell he owns the property and arranges these weekends. The women who have been here before seem to adore him.
And then there is Dea... you don't have any other personal interactions with her but you notice her watching you from time to time. She leans in to whisper something to another woman who then finds you with her eyes.
"Dea is kind of a bitch" you think to yourself.
You ask one of the women you know has been before "What's the deal with Dea? She doesn't seem very friendly."
"Oh... Deeeea" she says with a mocking lilting voice "she always wins the competition and she loves lording that over everyone."
"What competition" you ask.
"Well... since you are new I can't tell you the details. But I will say there is a grand finale of the weekend on the last evening that involves a competition of sorts. It's tonight. You'll see soon enough."
You reflect on what that could mean as your eyes wander under your sunglasses.
"Competition? Is this some kind of humiliation reality show?" you think to yourself. Your relaxed state of mind fades a little as you wonder if this competition is going to be the moment when this weekend ceases to be too good to be true.
Evening arrives.
Back in your room you slip into the final outfit laid out on the bed. You slip on the matching heels and click clack in front of the mirror to take yourself in.
"God help me." you say aloud as you think back to whether or not you had signed a waiver or something at check in.
You take the elevator down to the room indicated on the planner. You feel your nerves tightening as you walk down a corridor with several other women... the echoing click-clacking of many high heels the only sound. The outfit you have on is so revealing you feel a little embarrassed... and your spirits sink a little lower as you watch the bouncing beautifully curved ass of the woman walking just in front of you.
Inside the room you find an array of small pedestals... just a few inches high... each with a guest's name printed on it in fancy gold lettering. A trio of handsome man in white blazers and white gloves leads each woman by the hand to her spot where she steps up.
It isn't long before you are standing in your position and the room is nearly full. All the guests were given swimsuits to wear earlier in the weekend... but they were quite modest. This is the first time you are able to see them nearly naked and you are again wowed by the extreme and special beauty.
You see exaggerated postures... long hair gently dancing as nervous heads flick... red lips being licked... and hips swaying as weight is shifted from one beautiful high heeled shoe to the other. These beautiful women are taking their game to the highest level.
You don't know how to feel but your body is flooding you with emotions... embarrassment... excitement... envy... fear...
Just then a little bell rings and all the women go still... staring straight ahead into space like soldiers. Sabot is here.
After a tense minute or two... you can hear Sabot's footsteps from behind growing nearer.
He stops to take in the splendid scene of sexually arousing beauty in front of him. One woman in front of you is visibly hyperventilating... her bare shoulders heaving in the silent room.
You glance down to see the toe points of your heels fidgeting as you become weak in your knees. Your emotions are beginning to boil from the tension building in the room. You feel how... at this moment... every one of these women wants nothing else than to be the one chosen by Sabot.
He has begun to wander the rows of women respectfully admiring the collected sexual beauty in the room. You notice women shifting their body weight on their heels and becoming flushed as they become turned on by the situation.
You have been looking upward in an attempt to escape the emotional intensity happening around you... and lo and behold... you feel warm, soft moist lips against the back of your neck.
"Oh my God..." your eyes dart as you realize "he chose me!"
As the sound of the kisses on your neck become more audible... you see a wave of disappointment come over the women in front of you. Postures wilt... shoulders drop... and the nervous anticipation begins to turn to envy and sadness.
You feel a mix of emotion as his mouth explores you and his hands make first contact with your waist and firmly and slowly wander... excitement... confusion... guilt... power...
But as Sabot fondles and kisses you... somehow these emotions channel themselves to a dull slow thump in your pussy as your eyes reflexively close.
I am Sabot.
I lead you by the hand to a room just off of the large chamber. Inside it is tastefully appointed with soft lighting and a beautiful chaise lounge with tasseled roll pillows.
Inside I take you in my arms and whisper "of all the women you are the best..." as my hands irresistibly follow your curves and begin to explore your tits... holding them firmly for my mouth to suck your nipples.
The whirlwind of emotion inside of you blurs reality as you suddenly realize a strange man's head is mashed against your chest and his hands are gripping your ass. You become aware of the pulsing thumping feeling in your pussy which has become so wet you are afraid it is running onto your leg.
Unable to control myself I flip you around and hold your body strong against mine as my unsheathed cock probes against you.
With my right hand I reach down and pull your panties aside as my utterly impatient cock head sits rhythmically bouncing with my heartbeat and radiating heat against your aching thumping pussy.
I push you forward down onto the chaise lounge and secure your body with my hands as I penetrate you slowly yet willfully with my rock hard cock. Your pussy is so wet and hot... we both close our eyes in unison as the wave of pleasure comes over us.
I withdraw my cock slowly with every millimeter of skin firing sweet sensations... before plunging into you again... my hands holding your hips firmly my thumbs teasing the skin around your pussy providing you even greater sensations.
I grab your hair with a fist and gently lift your gaze to the door... where this is a sheet of paper sized window. On the other side of the door is one of the women... her face blank but for envy. She's watching you as these new emotions fill you and give you sensations of pleasure you've never felt before.
You don't know what to think... and your mouth drops open a little in shock... but as I pump you from behind your eyes drift close and an uncontrollable moan emanates from you.
I slow down so that you can catch your breath and you see yet another beautiful face staring in on you... she is sad and wants what you have. You feel guilt and embarrassment... but somehow those feelings swirl into a feeling of power and as you lock eyes with the girl who lost... each thrust of my cock somehow feels fuller and stronger... and the waves of pleasure are stronger and reverberate longer over your body.
You can't keep your eyes open and you moan with absolutely no control as you understand that I chose you and every one of these women knows it. Every one of them sees you enveloped by the man they want with looks of ecstasy on our faces
The expressions of every woman... hate... guilt... sadness... envy... somehow find their way to your pussy... with passionate tension building so strong you feel like it will be the first "real" orgasm of your entire life.
Then I slow one last time... and grab your head with both hands and point your eyes to the window.
It's Dea.
Of all the girls her energy is the most powerful... because she has been where you are now. You stare at each other... her dark eyes much different now from the first time you saw them.
I thrust into you and you feel the sexual tension in you so strongly you think you might pass out. You see Dea's eyes look down in defeat and you close yours and you feel the waves of orgasm begin... as the room swirls and reality disappears.
I feel your pussy squeeze so hard on my cock that I can't shoot any cum until the wave subsides... then I shoot my first load and you feel the radiating heat deep inside of you. I moan in appreciation as your pussy contracts hard... and I fire again. Again and again until we are both totally spent.