This story has a variety of types of sex. If you are easily offended please look elsewhere. No extreme sex, like brutality or incest, is depicted.
Everyone is over 18 years of age.
The drive to the beach was a little over two hours. We were happy to let Damon drive. Of course, it was his brother's six-passenger SUV, so there was little choice. But it was all happy. Here we were, six friends, heading to the beach for the weekend. Well, not just friends. Three dating couples, actually.
I'm Debbi. Nick and I had been dating for over a year. We didn't live together, but I stayed at his place two or three times a week. Once in a while he stayed at mine, but mostly his. Mine was too 'girly'.. Imagine that!
The other couples were Kate and Erich and Sheridan and Damon. Both couples had been dating less than a year, but were pretty serious. I really wasn't sure if I was getting serious about Nick. I loved the sex, but wasn't sure if I loved him. I seemed to be getting less sure, but not ready for any decision yet. He was a great guy.
I had gotten us a three bedroom condo directly on the beach. I hadn't gotten it as much as my mother had given it to me. She and two of her friends had rented it for the weekend, then had to cancel. With only a few days' notice their payment was non-refundable, so she offered it to me and my friends. A free weekend at the beach? That's a no-brainer.
"Do you think your mother is gay?" Damon asked.
We were shocked. "What do you mean?" I asked.
"You know, three single women at the beach in a room?"
"Remember, there are three rooms. And a living room."
"And why would they rent three bedrooms if they're lesbians, idiot?" Sheridan asked.
"Maybe they were all going to bring a boyfriend," suggested Erich with a grin.
"Yeah, that could be," I said. "She wouldn't tell me that part."
"Well, we're doing that," Kate pointed out.
"And I didn't tell her that," I added.
"Well, we're all over 21," said Nick defensively.
"I'm only 20," exclaimed Sheridan. "Don't make me old!"
"OLD?" Everyone else answered in unison.
Not to change the subject, but the guys were not aware of the very important decision that the girls had made a few days ago when we started planning for the trip. Kate decided to tell them.
"The girls had a brilliant idea for the trip. And you guys don't have any choice. Okay?"
No-one answered, so she continued. "For all the time we are in the condo," she paused for effect, " No clothes."
She was met with three strange expressions and six eyes staring at her, so she tried again. "Everyone has to be naked whenever we're in the condo."
"Really?" The guys all seemed to say at once.
"We thought that would add some excitement to the trip."
Yeah, that should do it.
I looked at the rain pounding down onto the windshield. "I'm glad the weather is supposed to be better there than it is here, or we could be naked the whole weekend!"
No-one seemed to have an objection to that, but I proved to be prophetic. When we got there it was still raining.
"What happened to the sun?" Nick asked.
"Yeah, the weatherman was wrong again." said Kate, "but there is something else to remember."
We all did remember. "You mean you really want all of us - naked?" asked Damon.
Sheridan answered, "Damn right!"
"Looks like all day," teased Kate.
I couldn't tell if the others were excited or scared.
We had been in the condo barely long enough to use the bathroom and put our stuff in the room when Kate got our attention.
"Okay, I think the guys should go first," Kate said. "Strip."
No-one wanted to argue with her. The girls were happy to see the guys strip, and the guys seemed to be willing to show off in front of us. But when they got down to their undershorts they stopped. By this time their bulges were showing and we were getting excited to see the show. But they wanted us to show a little something.
Sure, that seemed fair, but we only went as far as out underwear, too. Bra and panties both. The guys looked at each other and slowly pulled their shorts down, figuring that was fair enough. One by one their dicks sprung out, each to the excited little squeals of the girls.
They seemed to all be at full erection. I knew, of course, the size of Nick's. He was just over seven inches. Not huge, but a very nice size, made even better by its width. The other girls had never seen his, so they looked on with admiration - and anticipation of getting to use it! (Oops. That was a secret just among the girls for a few more minutes.) I was more interested in the other guys. Damon's was about an inch shorter, so about six inches. Pretty normal. His was also normal thickness, so smaller than Nick's that way as well. Erich was the shortest - by a good bit. At least an inch shorter than Damon's, so between four and five inches, I guessed. Closer to five. But his was about as thick as Nick's.
As the boys stepped out of the last articles of clothing, it was the girls' turn to reveal ourselves. I was getting excited to do so, as were the others, it seemed. Bra clasps were undone and we all held the fronts up, teasing their unveiling.
Sheridan was the first to expose her breasts. Maybe she was faster because hers were the biggest. Not huge, but a very nice size that the guys always enjoyed looking at even when clothed. And probably dreaming over. When they saw her boobs there was a collective gasp and smiles all around.
Kate and I were right behind. Our boobs were about the same size. B cups. Okay, hers were a little bigger than mine, but just a little. Really. All three (six) of them were nicely shaped and stood proudly on out chests. Kate's and mine were especially perky.
The only thing left were our panties, not that they covered much. We lowered them together, showing our pussies to the guys while they stared and began applauding. We did a couple of poses for their pleasure before we all sat down. Nick and I sat on one of the love seats, Kate and Erich on another love seat, and Sheridan and Damon sat on two of several big, overstuffed chairs. There was a lot of furniture in the room, but this was a rental that had to be able to handle at least six people.
I was interested to see that each of the guys' dicks were fully erect. And had been for at least a few minutes. I smiled at Nick and reached over, grasping his dick.
"Oh, no, none of that," Kate said, stopping me. "We are trading partners, so no messing around with your honeys!"
The guys looked confused, so we had to explain that the girls had thought it would be fun to swap guys each night we were here. We had thought it sounded quite exciting, but so far we hadn't found out if the guys would agree. After we explained, they seemed happy to go along with us. Surprise! And their eyes now spent even more time examining the naked girls' bodies. Window shopping, I suppose.
"Until we get around to picking partners for tonight, we should get to know each other," Kate said, with a naughty tone to her voice.
She continued. "I thought each of us could pick two people to do something, so we feel better about this... situation."
Well, she didn't seem to be feeling inhibited or anything, but I was. Probably the rest were as well. A game might be a good idea.
"You mean like 'Truth or Dare'?" Nick asked.
"No," Kate said decisively. "Just Dare. And you can't refuse. Not this weekend!"
She sounded a bit tentative, hoping the rest would agree with her, but no-one seemed to be scared. It was an exciting kind of scary, and we all waited for the "Dares" to begin.
Kate, of course, started things off. "Okay. Nick. I want you to go over to Sheridan and play with her boobs."
Nick took an anxious look around the room but quickly got up and walked over to Sheridan. His erect dick waved back and forth as he went. Much to the girls' delight.
Kneeling down in front of her, he stopped, enjoying the close up view of her beautiful breasts. About the time that we had begun to think that was all he would do, he lifted his hands and reached for them. Each hand enclosed the front of her breasts, then began to squeeze, then massage. His thumbs rubbed hard against her prominent nipples. I felt an urge begin to form between my legs.
"Stop!" We heard, and all looked toward Kate.
She told us, "That was 30 seconds. Shouldn't we have a time limit?"
No-one objected. I didn't have enough time to think about it, but in the moment I had no objection.
"Damon, going around the circle it's your turn." Kate was indeed in charge. I was just glad someone was.
Damon hesitated, thinking. Eventually saying, "Debbi. Go to Erich and stroke his dick."
That tingling between my legs suddenly surged. I did as I was told, wrapping my hand around it. It was indeed about the thickness that I was used to, but I couldn't stroke as far as Nick's. That was fine. His was the shortest, but that didn't bother me. That had always seemed overrated to me - I have enjoyed all sizes. He allowed a moan to escape as I pumped his dick, squeezing and twisting my hand around him. If I only had 30 seconds I couldn't go too slowly.
Sure enough - "Stop," Sheridan announced to a loud, disappointed moan from Erich.
That made it my turn, going around the circle, to pick two people to do something. Damon and Kate had not been picked yet, so that made my choice easy. Should I escalate the dares? We already had hands on tits and a dick. Were we ready for something more serious? How much more?
"Okay," I said, everyone anticipating what I was about to say. "Damon - Go over to Kate," this much was obvious, "and suck on her tits," everyone smiled. Somehow that didn't seem to be enough, so I added, "and stick a finger in her pussy," surprising even myself.
Everyone gasped at that. But they continued to smile. They all leaned forward as if to get a better view as Damon stepped toward Kate. He knelt down and quickly engulfed one tit in his mouth, sucking in as much as flesh as possible. Her eyes closed as she enjoyed the sensation, then popped wide open as she felt his finger enter her. She gasped, and moved her hips forward a bit.
"Stop!" giggled Sheridan.
"Uhhhhh," Kate moaned as Damon removed his finger. "What bitch was keeping time?" She spoke jokingly, but weakly. "That was 30 seconds?"
"Longer than that," answered Sheridan. "I didn't start timing at first."
She continued,"Well, that was... that was..." She didn't finish.
"I guess it's my turn," Nick said. "But I don't know if I can top that!"
He looked around, trying to decide. It had to be me and Damon or Sheridan and Erich, to keep with only new couples. Of course he chose me!
"I want Debbi," he paused, thinking, and I smiled, waiting for my assignment, "to sit on Damon's lap."
That didn't seem to be very extreme.
Then he added, "Legs spread, pussy to dick."
Okay. I think I understood. I would be close to fucking him. I stood in front of him and spread my legs, then moved forward. Sheridan moved over to make room on the love seat as I put one leg on either side of his lap. My tits were nearly in his face as I lowered myself down, pushing his dick down, pressing my pussy lips around his shaft. Shit, it really was almost like fucking him. My clit was swollen and I rubbed it against the shaft. Lovely!
"Okay, start timing," I instructed someone. I assumed they had already started, so I could get a few extra seconds if they started over. I needed as much time at this as I could get. I moved my hips back and forth, rubbing his whole dick against my pussy lips - and especially my clit.
I heard Kate say "20 seconds" just as I felt the tip of his dick nestle into my hole. Oh, that was a different feeling. And quite stimulating. I needed to keep that up, but instead I felt it sink inside. Inside! It was inside me! And felt so good.
"25" I heard as I moved so that his dick could sink deeper. It had been such a build-up to this that it felt so much better than it normally would have, I assumed.
I heard "Stop!". But I replied, "No! I don't want to stop."
I looked into Damon's face and asked, "Do you?"
He shook his head from side to side. "I'm not stopping," I told the others as I raised up to let his whole dick slide deep into me. His cock was inside me! Damon's cock is fucking me! It never occurred to me to think if it was okay with the others. I needed this.
No-one tried to stop us, they were just watching. But then I lost track of them all. I was paying attention to them as I concentrated on the feelings of fucking Damon. I was aware of movement around me, around the room, but didn't know or care what was happening. Just as long as nobody wanted to stop us.
I finally was aware of Erich coming over to Sheridan, sitting on our love seat. She turned around, leaning her arms on the back, and Erich was behind her. I finally realized he was fucking her, doggie style, right beside me. After I realized that, I turned my head to find Nick, but he wasn't there. Turning the other way I found him. He and Kate were fucking, laying on the floor beneath her chair. We didn't need the game anymore, we were all feeling relaxed enough, evidently.
One by one we heard people orgasm. Some moans, some gasps, I couldn't tell who was who. I believe I was first, but I'm not even sure about that. As we quieted down we laid back, looked around at the others, and laughed at our situation.
After recovering - and cleaning up a little - we decided to keep the partners as they had been at the end of our game. So I would be with Damon, Nick with Kate, and Erich with Sheridan. When I passed Nick in the hall I privately said, "So you didn't get the big tits, huh?"
"Not yet, Babe, but you know I like yours better," as he snuck a quick feel.
I didn't really believe him, but he had damn well better say it!
It was early for dinner, but with nothing else to do Damon and I volunteered to go out and pick up some food. There were lots of choices near the condo. It felt weird by this time to actually put on clothes, so loose shorts and a t-shirt was all I bothered with.
I didn't think we had been gone long, but when we got back things had changed. Sheridan met us at the door, telling us to be quiet and waving us back toward a bedroom. We heard noises, and saw Erich standing at the doorway looking in. When we could see, it was Nick and Kate rolling around on the bed. They were kissing, feeling each other up, and finally fucking. We stood there amazed, as if it was the first time we had seen other people fucking. Well, it was the first time we could pay much attention to it.
As we stood there I could feel Damon's erection as it hardened and pressed into my butt. I looked beside me to see Erich's hands feeling Sheridan's breasts. Suddenly I felt overdressed as I realized everyone was naked except Damon and I. Correction. Damon had removed his pants at some point.
Quickly I removed my shorts and shirt while he took off his shirt. Our hands found the 'good' parts of each other as we joined in. Sheridan and Erich had gone into the room, actually took their place on the bed beside the fucking couple and began to fuck, too. Damon led me into the room. He bent me over the foot of the bed, my arms holding me up. He held onto my hips as he sunk his cock once again into me. He pressed forward, pulled my hips back, and as I began to get more excited I started to buck my hips backward into him.
He pounded me harder and I fell onto the bed. He kept going, and with my arms having pushed further forward, I felt someone else's body. It was a girl's. Although my pussy being drilled was nearly all I could think of, I ran my hand along the smooth skin that I was touching. Then there was, what? Oh, shit! Was that her crotch? Yes, I felt pussy lips, but I didn't move once I realized that I also felt a cock pushing in and out of it. And balls. I also felt balls swinging against my hand. I moved it so that I could hold the balls, still not knowing whose they were.
I had driven myself crazy as I felt the orgasm building. Well, of course Damon had a lot to do with me going crazy. And seeing another couple fuck, then being on the bed with two other couples fucking... Definitely a lot of things driving me crazy! As my orgasm churned to the surface and I began cumming, my hand squeezed hard around the balls it was holding. I heard a guy scream - it was Erich - and then I felt him pulse, his cum shooting into Sheridan.
Damon could not survive the onslaught I was feeling, as my pussy pulled the cum out of him, and somewhere in here Nick and Kate had finished as well. Now we recovered, all in the same bed, naked, sweaty from sex and full of cum. Well, the girls were full of cum. The guys were drained. We were getting to know each other very well!
We pulled ourselves out of bed and cleaned up a bit, then went to eat the food we had brought back. After eating we settled down to play a game. This time a card game. Nothing to do with sex. Except the girls' tits were on prominent display the entire time, a fact none of the guys could ignore for more than a moment.
We played (the girls won!) until we decided it was bedtime. A little early, sure, but the guys seemed to have recovered enough that sex was on their minds. Not that the girls minded the thought.
Each couple went to their own rooms (for a change!) and fell into bed. With no clothes it was quite easy to be ready. I just naturally fell into Damon's arms as we hugged tightly and began some passionate kissing. I thought for a moment if I should kiss him. They say kissing is such a personal act, more emotional even than fucking. But it really felt right at the time, so I thought no more of it and continued on.
I slid down his body, kissing his chest and stomach as I slowly descended toward the cock I held in my hand. When I reached it I slid it into my mouth. It was not as rock hard as it had been earlier, so I sucked on it, knowing I should do a little work on it before we tried fucking again. This was the kind of work I liked. Unlike some girls, I truly loved sucking dick.
I began to play with it, licking the shaft but mostly the head, taking just the head between my lips, and looking up at him as I slowly teased his head. Guys seemed to love it when I make eye contact with them while their dick is in my mouth, and Damon was no exception.
My hand was wrapped around his shaft, slowly jacking him while I sucked. It was no surprise that I could feel him get harder - and bigger - as I worked him over.
He had gotten excited enough. Not wanting to settle for a blowjob when he could get another fuck, he pulled my head up, away from his crotch. I thought he was going to kiss again, so I was surprised when he practically threw my head onto the pillow. Immediately he grabbed my legs and pulled them up. Not really into the air but even further, pushing my ankles up to my head, basically bending me in half. He was definitely turned on and wanted to 'take me' roughly.
His now rigid cock found its way to my hole, his hips pushed forward, and I was suddenly impaled with the full length of his shaft, all the way in. All the air in my body left me as I cried out. Before I could take another breath he had pulled back and was driving into me again. He kept this up while I just tried to get my breath. Once I was able to get breath in me I started to realize how excited I was. And also how much noise I had probably been making. The other couples must be delighted to hear it!
I reached down and started strumming my now overly excited clit. I was still crying out as he pounded me, and also at my quickly building orgasm. I did like it rough occasionally, but it seemed so much more exciting when it was so unexpected - and also with a relative 'stranger'.
I don't know how long he kept this up. I had no way of even guessing at time as my mind, my whole body, was so focused on my pussy and my quickly building orgasm. But it couldn't have been many minutes. His onslaught, as well as my unrelenting abuse of my clit, drove me quickly to the edge. I erupted with a howl, something I don't usually do. I screamed into the pillow as he continued slamming into my spasming pussy - except I couldn't reach the pillow with my mouth. He had to slow down his thrusts when my pussy clenched up so much it made it difficult for him to get in.
He let my legs down. That was a relief. And he allowed his cock to pop out of me. He was rock hard, his cock waving uselessly in the air. I was so on a high that I still needed that piece of meat. When he took hold of it and began stroking it I protested. I felt that it was not his to play with. I made it what it is, and it was mine!
I reached down and grabbed hold of the shaft, pushing his hands away. With both my hands I stroked it. Hard. I pulled myself up a little, trying to get my mouth around it, but I wasn't able to reach it. My hands, though, kept up their assault as I jacked him as fast and hard as I had ever done. He in turn began moaning, nearly screaming, as his cum was ready. When I felt it rising up I aimed it directly at my face. It was his turn to cry out when it shot out with great force, hitting my cheek.
I felt several splatters on my cheek and mouth. He seemed to enjoy the way I looked with his cum all over my face. I took his dick into my mouth to suck the remaining juices out of it and to clean it off. Most of that was my juices, I realized. It felt strange to be eating my own juices, but it wasn't the first time.
Afterwards we lay back down in each others arms, kissing becoming only little pecks instead of anything deep and passionate as before. Still catching our breath, we were able to laugh at how the others must have felt as they heard our screams during sex.
We woke up in the morning holding each other. That soon became stroking and playing, especially with our 'private areas'. Quickly leading into fucking, although this time it was very ordinary fucking. Fairly slow, not passionate, actually I was thinking that both of us seemed to be simply going through the motions of what was expected of us. It seemed we had been overdosed on sex from yesterday. Things got passionate only when we neared orgasm, which both of us did achieve. It hadn't been bad sex, but certainly not memorable. But that would change later.
The rain wouldn't quit as an unexpected storm had moved in but it had let up some, so we all threw on a little clothing and went out. Fortunately along the beach everything was extremely casual. We had some breakfast and strolled around, checking out some shops before heading back. While we walking around sex was certainly on our minds as well as the center of our conversation. Sheridan had mentioned a sex position that I had not heard of. It was called Amazon. Kate said she hadn't heard of it either, but the guys would not admit to not knowing so we didn't know for sure about them.
After we had been back to the condo, undressed, and were sitting around, basically just waiting to have sex again, Kate brought it up. "Sheridan, you need to explain this Amazon position you were talking about."
Sheridan smiled. I thought she was going to be shy about it but she wasn't. 'Okay. The guys all sit, maybe scoot forward on the cushions a little."
They did, then she stood in front of Erich. She reached down and took his firm dick in her hand.
"First, we have to make sure we all have some hard cocks to use."
We were happy to follow her directions. Especially directions like that. After we had played with them for a while they all were obviously hard. It was nearly noon, so they had had a few hours recovery time.
"This is the fun part," she said, then changed her mind. "Well, it is fun, but maybe I should call it the interesting part. All the guys raise your legs. Way back. Like a girl ready to be fucked."
The guys were looking around. Were they wondering what was going to happen, or did they know? Sheridan took each of Erich's legs in a hand and helped him raise them, pushing them back about as far as she could. Kate and I followed her lead.
Sheridan continued with her instructions. "Guys, grab your legs and hold them up like that."
After they did that she reached down and grabbed his cock, then moved forward. She brought her pussy down to touch his dick, allowing it to settle into her hole. Then she sat on it, impaling herself.
"Oh, yeah, that's the real fun part,' she said, sexily.
We did as she was telling, and showing, us. Rising up and down on Damon's erection, it felt good to be in charge. But it's not like it was the first time.
I asked Sheridan, "So it's kind of like cowgirl, only with his legs up?"
"Well, yeah," she answered. "But more. He can move more in cowgirl than here. So this is almost like having him tied down."
The girls giggled at that while riding their cocks.
She continued. "And it's easier to move different ways. Up and down. Back and forth."
She was demonstrating those and more. As I watched I was amazed at how she looked. Sometimes it was difficult to tell just who had the cock. At times I could have sworn that Sheridan had grown a cock and was fucking Erich. It was exciting to watch the illusion. It was also the most attention I had ever paid watching a cock entering a pussy.
Another exciting part was the different feelings in my pussy as I changed the angle of Damon's penetration. I could get his cock to rub the exact spot I wanted easier than with a cowgirl position, and could change spots easier, it seemed. It also seemed like it was easier to get the penetration to go deeper.
That idea I'd definitely have to check out with Nick. We would have to have a series of experiments!
I was enjoying this position immensely, between the various strokes and angles I was trying and the visual of watching the other couples fucking.
I managed to make one more comment. "Now the guys know what a girl feels like when they spread our legs and go at us!"
Another round of giggles from the girls. I supposed that they got the meaning of what I was trying to say. I was nearing that place where I could no longer talk. At least not make sense.
Sheridan had one more direction to give us. "You can even do it reverse style."
I looked over to see her facing away from Erich, sitting on him like on an easy chair. She held onto his legs and rocked back and forth, sort of like bouncing on a big exercise ball. That really looked like fun, but I couldn't stop what I was doing. I was really feeling it by this time, building towards my climax. I concentrated on the way I could get that erection inside me to stroke wherever I wanted, and soon my orgasm approached.
I had to hang onto Damon's legs as I pounded his cock into me, demanding that he give me an orgasm, and he soon did. I threw my head back and quit breathing as my body rippled on top of him, then my breath started again as quick, squeaky moans. For a while I had tried to control myself in front of my friends, but we seemed to be beyond most of that now.
I paid particular attention to Nick as I came down and gathered my senses. Kate was beginning to go pretty wild on top of his glorious cock. I was almost jealous as she rode him, but of course soon I would have him all to myself to do whatever I wanted with it. I mean, him. Again, as I watched it was easy to imagine that Kate had the cock and she was fucking Nick with it. With the guy's legs up like that my imagination ran wild.
As I watched they came. Well, Kate did. Nick came as well just as Kate was finishing her orgasm, and she milked the cum out of him with her pussy. Watching that made me suddenly realize that Damon hadn't cum yet. Wow, how shitty of me. I looked around at him to apologize, but he was watching both other couples, and seemed okay that his cock was still held prisoner in my pussy. I had been moving slightly, still enjoying feeling him in there. But now it was time for more.
I thought I should give my poor pussy a rest, so I got off Damon and let his legs come down to the floor. I stayed between them and wrapped my hand around his hard, wet cock. Bringing it to my lips I let it sink between them, surrounding half his shaft in my wet, warm mouth. Swirling my tongue around it as I slowly withdrew it, sucking on it all the way. It was his turn to moan as I repeated this, also messaging the bottom of his shaft with my hand.
It didn't take too long before he was ready to cum. As I worked on his shaft and he watched that as well as Sheridan and Erich reaching for their orgasms, he erupted with a loud groan. I held his cock in front of my face to take a direct hit with his cumshot, but all I got was a dribble of cum running down his shaft. He didn't produce much, but he still enjoyed it tremendously.
"Holy shit!" exclaimed Kate, obviously exhausted. 'That was, well, damned interesting!"
Nick said, "Absolutely. I'm going to need a nap. Some rest. Wow.'
I leaned over onto Damon to get comfortable while someone turned on the tv. We had to do something, and it couldn't involve much activity at this point.
"Hey, wait a minute," Erich suddenly said. "Look what time it is! Someone is fucking my girl!'
I looked around. I didn't know what he meant, and the others seemed confused, too.
Erich said, "It is way after noon, and weren't we supposed to change partners at noon? So... somebody has been fucking my girl!"
It gradually dawned on us. We laughed at the situation, and at the way Erich had told us, but we quickly moved around to be with our new partners. Instead of saying anything, I curled up to Erich's naked body and promptly fell asleep.
I awoke after a short time to find others still sleeping. Everyone had taken a nap or at least had a very quiet rest. We needed it.
"What a weekend. But I'm not sure how much energy we're going to have for the rest of it." That was Kate, but she spoke for all of us. Especially the guys, I suspected. How long before their dicks got worn out going at this rate?
We took it easy for most of the afternoon, but there were six naked young people in a condo for a weekend of sex. We couldn't wait too long! The only question was exactly what was going to happen?
Damon spoke up. "We've already done a variety stuff. That amazon thing, and basically an orgy yesterday. There's not much left."
Everyone mumbled, not able to disagree with him.
He spoke again after a moment. "There is one thing... I saw a porn thing..."
The guys perked up but the girls all moaned at the mention of porn. But we still were interested.
"There was this... scene..." he was hesitating. Now I was really interested in what his suggestion could be.
"The girls were, you know, kneeling down, along a couch, and the guys..."
Sheridan tried to help him out by finishing. "The guys did them doggie style?"
"Yeah," he continued, "But they took turns. You know, they did one girl, then they all moved on to the next one..."
He stopped, waiting for the others to ridicule him.
But no-one did. We all looked around at each other, and slowly smiles started to appear. I knew then that we were going to do something like that.
Kate was the only one who seemed to object. "But - that's like a... a gangbang," she said. Or was it a question?
The rest looked at her, nodded, and said, "Yeah."
Slowly Kate smiled, nervously, and said, "Yeah!"
There was a big ottoman in the room. Someone pulled it to the center. The guys just looked at the girls. We finally realized they were waiting for us to kneel down around the ottoman - so we did.
We got on the floor and knelt over, placing our arms on the ottoman and our asses wiggling in the air. Our hands met so each of us held a hand with the other two girls. The boys looked on longingly. Then they stepped over to us, taking a moment to find the right girl - the new one they were to be with for tonight. Erich lined up behind me.
He got down on the floor and rubbed his hand over my ass, swiftly moving down between my legs and stroked my pussy. I spread my legs to help give him room, which he took full advantage of.
Soon he moved up closer, his erection hitting against my ass. He pushed it down, sliding it in between my lips and finding my hole. He pushed it in with no more preliminaries and began pumping it in. And out. I could only see the faces of the other girls, but by that I knew they were getting fucked, too.Their faces changed between smiling at each other and grimacing as we do when a cock is being shoved up deep inside of us.
This kept up for a few minutes until I heard a male voice make some kind of noise. The guys understood, as they all withdrew from their girls and moved around to the next one. The new dick slid into my wet pussy, and we began again. This time the cock drove in harder form the start, ramming into me to my great excitement. Man, I loved sex. And trying these new things just made it even more exciting.
He kept drilling me - I honestly wasn't sure who it was - until directions came to move on again. Then a new cock rammed into me. Hard. Hands were on my hips, pulling me harder into each thrust he made. I was drifting into my foggy place where my mind goes when I get plowed into incessantly. I hardly noticed when the guys switched again.
Why hadn't I cum yet? It seems like I should have by now. Perhaps the pauses between guys had slowed my orgasm. But soon I could feel it coming. I know at least two more switches had occurred. Maybe more. I wasn't sure. I didn't care.
My pussy erupted. My arms collapsed and I fell onto the cushion, moaning and yelling, my ass in the air still being drilled. When that guy (who?) pulled out I crumpled backwards onto the floor. Probably an unconscious defense, as my pussy was feeling a little sore. I remember hearing another girl cum around this time.
When - I think it was Erich - came for his turn with me I was unavailable to fuck. His cock waved in the air. Hie face probably looked confused, or disappointed. But I didn't look at his face. Pretty much on automatic, I took the cock into my fist and began to stroke it. I went fast, as that is what I had been used to recently. I jerked and jerked by habit until it was time to switch again.
The next guy was Damon. I was coming to my senses now. I grabbed his cock and pumped vigorously, then brought it to my mouth. Stuffing it in my mouth I tried wrapping my tongue around it while sucking the juice out. Still pumping the base of the shaft. Going. Going. Cum! He came hard. I had no trouble swallowing it. There couldn't have been much.
The guys had stayed with those partners longer, since Damon had obviously been near his orgasm, but now it was time to switch. Only two guys. And only one to fuck - Sheridan was also sucking. Sheridan actually had a break now as Damon wasn't moving on. Quite soon both Erich and Kate were cumming and only Nick was left. I went to him and shoved my middle finger up his asshole. He responded quite well to that when I had occasionally done that before, but this time I rammed it up there hard several times. That was about all it took to finally have him cum, too.
Everyone seemed surprised at how erotic this had all turned out. We looked at each other, smiling weakly and wondering why that had turned out so well. I was surprised at how much I seemed to have in common with my friends!
Needless to say, we relaxed the rest of the evening, doing basically nothing. When we went to bed - with our new 'dates' for the evening - I wondered how worn out we were going to be.
Two tired, naked people fell into bed with each other. Probably six, actually, but I only know for sure what happened to us. For the first time I had a fleeting thought that sometimes sex might be like a job. Just an obligation. But that passed rapidly.
We held each other, hands roaming bodies that were actually a little familiar by now. I knew I could fuck again, it had been long enough. For me at least. I wasn't sure about him. Surprisingly he wasn't hard yet. I worked extra hard trying to improve it. I began stroking and sucking, while he loved my tits. Even more than my pussy.
I had his entire cock in my mouth. Using my tongue in every way I could. I sucked, tugged, everything I knew to do. Eventually it worked. His cock was hard. Not steely hard. But hard enough, I thought. I spread my legs across his lap and placed his cock into me. I had to go slow as it was bendable. I wasn't used to that. But eventually I worked it in. We actually fucked, slowly, for a minute or two, then we rolled off and onto my side. He was behind me, pushing into me from behind. He seemed to be getting harder. It was easier going in now, but we were still going slow and easy. Then we were going very slow - until he finally stopped. I couldn't see his face, but by his steady breathing I realized that he had fallen asleep. Should I pull him out, pull away from him, without waking him up? I hadn't decided what to do next when I also fell asleep.
I didn't wake up until morning. Neither of us had changed position. It had been an exhausting night. When first waking I didn't even know who I was sleeping with. My mind focused, remembering it was Damon, the amazing events of the day before, and the failure of last night. That last faded quickly as I realized I was feeling his erection against my back. I didn't realize that he was awake -oh, he wasn't. He would be soon.
I reached around to hold his erection in my grasp, squeezing and stroking just a little until he awoke. His hands naturally went for my breasts, and we lay like that for a few minutes enjoying the slow excitement building. His erection was strong - stronger - and I knew this morning would work better than last night.
We faced each other but continued playing, he paying more attention to my pussy in this position. Gradually we increased the action. I moved his dick so that the head was positioned between my folds. Moving it back and forth, I made no effort to insert it into me. I stroked his dick and his dick stroked me.
When he was ready he slipped it in a couple of inches, getting on top of me as he did it. Even now I did not give up stroking it as I figured he might need all the help he could get. I pulled my fingers out of the way when he slid all the way inside me, but otherwise kept at least a finger and thumb around the base to increase the friction for him.
It was a slow fuck, unusual for this weekend. We were both enjoying the soft feelings of his erection finding its way through my channel, The head seemed to find each ridge in me, one by one, which is a nice feeling that I normally want to enjoy for only a short time. Today I was enjoying it even more.
My fingers squeezing his base seemed to pay off as I felt his breathing start to get ragged. He didn't really speed up his fucking much, but he did begin to push more forcefully. My orgasm was far away, but I was enjoying this. I was turned on enough to be in that pleasurable plateau of excitement, all my nerve endings on edge, but not ready to build toward climax. And that is as far as I got.
Damon pushed hard, a little faster now, and soon groaned out his orgasm inside me. There was only a small amount of cum, I was sure, but still very pleasurable for him. And surpisingly pleasurable for me as well without that frantic feeling. Just a warm glow.
After cleaning up we gathered with the others for some breakfast. At least coffee. Everyone seemed different than yesterday morning. I wasn't sure they had all had sex this morning. I would hope so, but wasn't sure. And looking at the guys didn't excite me as much as it had. Not that I wasn't interested, just getting used to it. Plus their dicks were somewhat less than erections.
We spent a very quiet morning. We packed, since today we had to go home, though there wasn't much packing to do. The clothes I had worn here I would also wear home. The two bathing suits I had brought had gotten no use. Throwing all of my toiletries in was the major part of my packing.
We were all sitting in the living room, naked as usual, reflecting on the trip. Everyone felt the same - they had a wonderful time, but couldn't believe some of the things we had done. I innocently made the comment that set off the last event. And the highlight of the weekend.
People were sitting around fondling each other, expecting that there would be one last round of sex before we had to leave. As we were reliving some of the events the 'round-robin' fucking of the girls was an obvious highlight. I said something like, "I loved that. It felt like I was helpless, being forced to do it."
Everyone looked at me with questioning stares, wondering what I meant.
Nick spoke. "You like to be forced?"
Kate added, "That sounds like rape!"
"No, no, no. No, I didn't mean that." I was quick to deny anything close to rape.
Continuing, I said, "Not force. That was the wrong word. I don't want to do anything that is not my choice. But sometimes, doing something that I don't choose ahead of time turns out to be good. You know?"
They agreed with that, but I felt like I had to explain further. "Last night I obviously could have gotten up, or made the guys stop, if I had wanted. I wasn't made to do anything. But it did feel like I was just there for the guys' pleasure. That I didn't have a choice. I mean, in a playful way, not really having no choice."
The girls, at least, were smiling, like they understood. I'm not sure I had really gotten my feelings across. They were a little complicated at times. But Nick came over, walking behind my chair, and pulled my head back.
"So if I held you here and pushed my cock in your face, forcefully, you'd like it?" As he said this slapped his erection along my cheek from behind me. All the guys had been sporting erections for a while now.
I said, "That's not fair, Sweetie. I trust you. You wouldn't do anything to hurt me. Plus, I love your cock anywhere." Then I panicked and added quickly, "Except my ass!"
He laughed but went on, "What if I pulled you back further, and made you suck it?"
As he did this he pulled my shoulders up so that my head slid backward onto the cushion. Actually my head was mostly behind the cushion with my neck resting on the top of the it. My head was now in position that he could get his cock into my mouth. A long way. I was getting a little concerned about what he was doing, but I also realized that I liked it. Yes, being put into a position of an illusion of helplessness was exciting me.
With his cock in my mouth all I could manage to answer him was, "Mmm-Hmmm."
"And what else would you want us to do while you're helpless?" He asked.
I didn't know how to to answer that. If I was pretending to be helpless (pretending was understood to be the key word here) I couldn't very well tell them what to do. Besides, I wasn't able to talk, so it was a pointless question.
He must have motioned the others to move closer, as I only now realized he had said 'us', not him. My legs were raised by male hands - maybe both guys. They moved them up and back, spreading them wide to fully expose my pussy to everyone. I could feel it getting wet. Granted, I admit to liking to show off my body, but this was extreme!
"See how you like this," he said as he slid more of his cock into my mouth.
I couldn't see anything. My head was back, and also underneath Nick, like between his legs, so that he could position his cock to enter my mouth, kinda backwards. I thought for a moment how I really was almost helpless in this position. Probably the only meaningful thing that I could do if I had to force my way out would be to bite his dick or attack his balls. Yeah, that would probably work! But I didn't want to do that.
Then it really started happening. I felt hands on my vulva, stroking my lips up and down. I moaned, undulating my hips as a reaction to the feeling, not yet comprehending that all three guys were taking me. Soon I felt a finger press into my hole. It reached up my vagina as far as it could, then swirled around inside before coming out and back in, over and over.
I was a little frantic now, and that was before I felt a second finger go in. Actually something felt odd and I realized that it was someone else's finger. Two different guys had a finger working in and out and around in my pussy, with another guy feeding me his cock. Holy hell I felt like a slut.
I felt my legs being spread even wider. I didn't think they could get any further apart. I always felt so on display when I went to my OB/GYN, but here they were spread further and who knows how many people watching? An unknown number of people staring directly into my cunt! Yeah, being totally in someone else's control, what I was talking about!
When one of the guys began working on my clit, I was ready to - well, cum. It wasn't too long before that happened. It was a rather big explosion, too. Of course I hadn't had one since last evening, early, and they had driven me wild just now.
I was beginning to come down from my orgasm when I felt two fingers enter my pussy again. These felt different. They were definitely smaller, more tender. Shit! They were girls' fingers! I hadn't even thought about what the girls had been doing while the guys had their way with me, but they probably were doing something erotic. They certainly were now. Their fingers began working on me much like the guys had. But there was something different.
I had never been with a girl before. I had kissed one. Actually felt her breast. It had been a shocking and delightful experience, but that was the end of it. Now I suddenly had two girls fingering me! They had a softer, gentler touch than the guys did. Even though their fingers were smaller they seemed to touch places in my vagina that the guys had missed. Or at least touched them in a different way. I loved the guys doing it. I loved the girls doing it. That's as far as I could think. Just somebody do it!
Again, when they began to play with my clit I started to lose it. It had always been sensitive, and I was always capable of multiple orgasms, but this was more than I had ever experienced. I came with at least as much force as last time, hips rotating in the air, about the only movement I could manage. My mouth was still stuffed with cock, which I managed not to bite. Nick was a brave man.
I was ready for it to be over. If it went on forever I might be fine with it, but I was certainly completely satisfied. Sexually. Maybe drained. But of course Nick had not cum yet, so he had to be finished off.
I hadn't thought of the other guys needing to cum, until I felt a mouth cover my pussy, licking and sucking just a little. It felt - shit! That was a girl's mouth! That made it even more incredible. What on earth could happen next?
Well, next I felt the girl's mouth push hard into my crotch, then get softer again before another hard push. This happened several times until I thought I might know what was happening. Oh, if I could only see.
Later I found out my suspicion was correct. And I learned details. Erich had gotten behind Sheridan as she was fingering me. He pulled her up doggie style and began fucking her. A lot of playing and even fucking had been going on that I hadn't known about at the time, but this time it was affecting me. After the girls made me cum he continued fucking her, but grabbed a big handful of her hair and lifted her head, then pushed it directly towards my soaking wet pussy. He shoved it in and said something like, "Lick it! Eat her!"
I hadn't heard this, or much of anything else, because my head and ears were buried between Nick's legs this whole time. Besides, I hadn't cared a bit what was going on with them except when they worked on me!
But now Erich was making Sheridan eat me out. She didn't do much of that. She licked me up and down a number of times, but moved on to licking and sucking my clit. Hell, that was certainly fine with me, and Erich probably didn't even know. He was busy fucking her. And with each thrust he made into her, her face was forced harder into my crotch. And when he came, he pushed inside her hard and held it there, meaning her face was also pushed into my pussy, holding her tongue tight against my clit.
But she didn't stop licking and sucking it. She continued that, driving me totally crazy, until I also orgasmed again. This time, I later learned, I actually did bite Nick's dick, but only just a little. He cried out and almost withdrew from my mouth, but I didn't do it again.
But he did withdraw shortly. He was ready to cum, and held his erection over my face while he stroked it. I finally could open my eyes, only to see my vision filled with a large cock as he jacked it briskly. I wanted to do that myself, jump up and grab hold of it and watch his cum splash out all over my face. But I was too weak to move. And then he was already cumming.
Actually it didn't make much of a splash. He came with a loud moan, a weak shot of cum, and a little more oozing out his hole.
I raised my head back up for the first time in a long time. I was a little light headed at first as the blood flow returned to normal. What I saw was two guys who had obviously just cum as well, but the surprise was Kate fingering Sheridan. I suppose Sheridan was the only one of us who hadn't recently cum, and Kate was going to make sure she wasn't left out. So this was the second girl Kate had fingered this morning (or afternoon? I didn't know) and it was also the only two she had ever done. But she had talent. On me, and then on Sheridan. We all were watching as Kate brought Sheridan to a finishing climax.
Well, that was a weekend not to be forgotten. As we made our way home we all sat very happily, and tiredly, snuggling up with our partners, savoring the afterglow. Of course by this point we did not know how to keep our hands to ourselves, so we were all felt up the whole way. Even Damon, and he was driving.
I was greatly enjoying this as Nick sucked on my tits a bit but mostly played with my pussy. His fingers inside me actually seemed pretty normal by now. It seemed that there had been something inside there all weekend. But as I replayed some of those memories with eyes closed and in my half-asleep mind, I became more than pleasured. I became aware that I was getting very excited. I was breathing hard, I suddenly realized. My hips had started undulating again. I was nearing a climax. It seemed that shouldn't happen here. In the car, with everyone else here as well. But there was no denying it. While I was lost in my memories, Nick had brought me to the top once again.
"Fuck! What are you doing to me?" I cried, as I realized there was no turning back.
Unfortunately that only alerted everyone that I was about to cum again. They watched as I grabbed onto Nick's hair or anything else I could find and went over the edge. Hard. I came again as his fingers dragged out one more orgasm to finish out the weekend. If nothing else I had impressed my friends with how many times I could cum.
Never again would we encounter a weekend like that. Not one lasting for three days. Although there would be a couple afternoons or evenings that would be memorable!