College Freshman Forced to Swim Naked with Male Students for Initiation.
This is part one of a story based on two stories my aunt told me years ago. As far as how true they are, I can only attest to the fact that nude swimming by males was required in some swimming pools at one time. The origin of the rules came in 1926, from the American Public Health Association adopted guidelines about swimming attire that indicated that because fibers clogged filters, bacteria count escalated. Therefore, all males using pools should bathe before entering and not be permitted to wear anything whatsoever, and that female swimmers should only wear suits that were not dyed or had loose fibers.I stumbled onto it one day trying to confirm what I had been told by my elders. No one knew exactly why but a simple search (males required to swim nude) confirmed this and gave some validity to some of the stories I had heard related to it. In some colleges, it did not end until the mid-70s. This national guideline was not dropped until 1962.
Some colleges even required that males swam naked at swim meets, while female team members in suits watched and waited to compete in their events. I assume they kept the rules longer as college students are over 18. It also confirmed that, in some cases, adult family members as far as parents and grandparents of the competitors were permitted to watch them compete.
All this is fucking crazy by today's standards, right?
This information and some stories I heard from my auntie inspired the stories I am about to tell. The story is mostly fictional, the character names are fictional, and all the characters involved in sexual acts or portrayed as nude are all over 18 years old.
_______________________
I am lucky to have an aunt that was open to telling me about her childhood. Once I became a legal adult at 18, she started to tell me stories about her wild years in college as well and did not hold anything back. This story is partly based on a couple of my favorite aunt's stories of her experiences back then. They were told to me years ago so I am relying on my memory to recall them. At the time she told me these stories she was 20 years older than me. My auntie was still one sexy lady and caused me to have more than a few erections with her candor.
One story was about her as a college freshman being pushed into the pool area filled with naked males. She was pushed in by girls and members of the swim team as a freshman initiation. Another related story she told me was about how she lost her virginity on a gym wrestling mat at that same college. It gave me an idea for a story by fusing those two stories. My aunt was a flower child back then, and it was her awakening to the pleasures the other sex can give you during this period.
The time frame of this was the early 70s. I wrote it in first person, as told by my auntie Christine.
___________________________
My name is Christine, and go by Chrisy and was in one of the first classes at a former male-only college that had recently gone Co-Ed.
Little thought was given ahead of time to the fact that the nude swimming rule for males still was being adhered to even though no one seemed to know why it existed in the first place.
In colleges established as Coed, it was easier to separate the two sexes. The female locker room doors to the pool would be locked when males would be there. But this college was built for just males in the 30s, and only had one male locker room that served the gym and pool. The powers at be were forced to come up with some quick fixes as needed. One was that at least a changing room for females had to be established by converting a classroom a little way down the hall from the pool's main entrance. A locker room with showers etc was promised to us in the future.
The female students were forced to use the hall pool entrance. The guys came in through the locker room that had an entrance to the Gym and Pool. A sign and an occupied slider were posted on the hall entrance and were utilized when the male students were using the pool in their birthday suits. (No Entry, When Pool is in use by Male Students.) The door could not be locked due to fire regulations, and it was not an issue when it was an all-male college. It was up to the students to adhere, or not, to the sign when shown as occupied.
Even the girls' swimming classes had swimwear conditions, taken from an all-girls college's policies they acquired for guidelines I was told. They were more up-to-date though and required us to wear the thin nylon suits that were branded Speedos and used by swimming teams. These suits were OK for the girls that were not that developed but to others, including me, they did not do well at containing their breast and pubic hair. Trimming down there was not always done, not sure why, who made those rules, or set those standards?
It could not have been a woman that made such rules. Once I got my required team swimsuit I trimmed mine, I then knew how much and where to trim. While I was trimming it, I decided to take it down to a small "V" and it no longer obscured so much of my sex. If theirs is hanging out, why can't mine be at least seen through the hair?
I wanted so much to be one of the modern women I saw on TV shows and in news stories from rock concerts and such. I was raised on my own on women's matters, mothers like mine were raised by mothers that did not tell them much, and did not know to instruct their daughters on much either. I was starving for sexual knowledge, but it was not available to us, and what you heard was not always accurate.
Being a freshman, and new student at the college I joined the swimming team and took a diving class so I could compete in more events. One plus was that the class fulfilled the Phys Ed requirements for freshmen. I was a certified lifeguard-level swimmer, but diving was something I was not good at.
My story is about how I was subject to a surprise initiation by members of the swim team early on. It was one of those things that had both a negative and positive effect on me.
I was dressed for practice, and early, a males' diving class was still going, and it usually ran overtime as well. It was customary to get a free swim afterward as long as the instructor was there, or one of the swimmers was certified. I was told the guys were never quick to surrender the pool, and we were in the hall waiting for them to be done.
A sign over the males' only notice stating it was occupied was up, but the apparent leader of the girls had a good explanation for me when I asked, I was the new girl. She said, "Oh, it is up there a lot when we get here, the guys from the class are left on their own typically one of them is a certified swimmer. It is college students that often get stuck teaching many of the classes and they sometimes stay during the free time period. The sign is only changeable from out here." She reached up and slid it back and forth to show me then added, "Changing it is often neglected, especially since it would require a naked male student in charge to have to come out in the hall to do it. Sometimes in a towel, sometimes not we have been told, we are always hoping for that. We tried ignoring the rules once and changed it ourselves, but we were met with some opposition from the guys."
"Yep, we just walked right in, and we're checking them out when a guy told us that we would be welcome to join them if we stripped too, in their wet dreams we told them and left."
She then opened the door just enough to create a crack to look through and said, "See for yourself, you might want to pick yourself a hung boyfriend."
It was a trick to get me by the door, and of course, I wanted to get a look at some naked guys and fell for it. Then she pulled the door open, and I was pushed inside by someone else for an unobstructed view. I was standing there looking stupid in my swimming cap and girl's speedo with my double D breast barely covered, and my ass hanging out a little. The male students were in their birthday suits though and were swimming, diving, or some just sitting on the sides.
The whole no suits for males rule sounded so weird to me, I just stood there in shock, most were at least partly underwater and shocked to see me there. One of the (let's call him a more forward guy) was on the diving board. He got my attention, and I am sure that was his intention. That gave me an almost full-frontal view from not 20ft away. I quickly discovered he was a fit guy, with a sizable endowment. He stood there on the end of the board and looked at me as he was pretending to be getting ready to dive by bouncing the board up and down.
What he was doing was taking advantage of my situation by proudly showing me his penis he seemed to be proud of. Yes, he was one of those guys, but I liked seeing big penises, still do, but back then I had not seen that many. They don't have to be displayed though, we girls will find them in the crowd.
Although all this happened in about a minute or so, I still remember thinking, Wow! That penis looks kind of Big and it is not even very hard! He was on that board preparing for the dive way longer than he needed to be. All this was while his cock swayed, jiggled, and bounced up and down with the board, and it grew likely from the thrill he was getting showing it off to me. I wondered how one that size would feel in me? I knew that my hole was not always that inviting to even my fingers. Yes, I was still a virgin to actual sex but had been fingered as I jerked a cock. I also had a pretty good masturbation routine, yes even back then we girls wanted pleasure out of our sex too.
I was frozen there in terror at first. I tried to get out, but the girls were holding the door, and likely used a bench or two that were stacked and stored outside to blockade it. I tried again, and again, but it would not budge. But I did hear them having a good laugh at my expense. After trying to force it open several more times, I decided that I should give them their privacy and just turned and stood there facing the door, hoping it was just a quick prank. But it wasn't, they knew the guys' class and free time sometimes ran over by 10 or even 15 minutes of their scheduled time if the girls' team coach was not there yet. The guys usually goofed off and played launch, seeing who could shoot a guy up in the air the highest, and age-old game.
I tried to get the attention of whoever was in charge by just turning my head to the side, and using my voice only, as I stayed with my back to the class. There was no response, probably because he was not there. I stood there and noticed things were quieter, and wondered if the males liked what they saw, Speedo suits are low cut in both the front and back, mine barely covered my butt crack in the back. I had been told by some of the more forward guys that I had a nice ass, and I thought maybe they were not lying. The fact was though I had quite a shape at that age, 36-22-38 and with a Double D-Cup. My breasts were firm and not saggy. Perhaps I had a big butt for those times, but my tits were pure power.
One guy dared to inform me, "The instructor is gone already, but I can tell you that you are not the first to have that trick played on them. You must be a new girl, a couple of girls have waited it out with their back to us like that. Then there were a few that came in and swam with us in their suits, but we put a stop to that, we like swimming with girls, but why should we be naked when they're not. We are still waiting for one of those socially liberated women to peel off her suit, and just jump in and join us naked. It would take a modern girl to do that I guess, one who has maybe skinny-dipped with males before? It is the dawn of the 70s now, and pretty common. Even more so since stories and photos from Woodstock made the news. We are just students like you, it's not our choice to swim naked or have to take a crap in front of other guys in our bathrooms. Not sure if they added them to your dorm, ours have stalls with no doors or curtains on them."
He was bating me, but he was right. The problem was, I was a virgin freshman who had seen or handled very few penises, nor did I know how a group of naked guys' would act in front of girls. I finally got the nerve to turn around and face them. Now I had a little time to look they did not seem to mind, and I was surprised what little reaction I got from most of them. I guess guys that have been forced by rules to swim naked get comfortable after a while, but even in front of women?
I took advantage of the fact that I was no longer getting as much attention, and looked around the pool. Most of them were in the water, but a couple was sitting on the other side of the pool with just their feet in. But they were just sitting there normally, their flaccid wieners hanging down, just carrying on a conversation as if a suited girl was not amongst them.
I don't know what got into me at that point, maybe seeing how comfortable most of them were with me seeing them? I considered losing the suit to see if I could possibly be that comfortable being nude with them as well? Why shouldn't I be, who made the nude rule for guys, but not girls, likely a group of men!
I guess this just happened to be right after I decided I was tired of being that modest girl behind the times and wanted to do something about it. I had been curious enough to be willing to see what it would feel like to at least be naked for one guy, but 20? It was college though, time to grow up, and he was right, as back in those days you did not worry that someone was going to take advantage of you in college, especially in front of that many witnesses.
So I just went for it, I shimmied out of that bright red Speedo that matched the color my face was when I let it drop. I stood there with nothing for cover but a swimming cap and my trimmed bush. A bush was just the standard view of a vagina back then, few trimmed them, if they did, it was no more than needed to be able to wear one of the more sexy cuts of swimsuits. Well, they were about to see a little more of a girl's vagina, mine was both trimmed and thinned out for the team Speedo I had to wear. Although a few people did, the waxing trend was at least a decade away.
One thing that helped was the fact that I was not as ashamed of my body. My girlfriends helped me get over that, they told me they wished they had my boobs and ass, and when several girls do, you believe them, girls are not that free with complements to other girls. I also was aware of the attention my firm double D-Cup boobs got from guys if I showed some cleavage, I was about to see if they got more attention uncovered.
So there I was naked, I even shed the bathing cap then as I did not want to be naked and look stupid at the same time. It was a decade of sexual awakening for women and every second I stood there, I felt more comfortable with my decision. I worked myself up to enjoying the immediate attention I got being naked. I even forced myself to walk boldly over to the edge. I did this while being very aware that they were likely looking up and seeing a vagina in more detail than they have ever seen before, through my trimmed and thinned bush. They were also getting the full effect of the size of my boobs. I told them, "I hope the water is warm, and you better make some room for me to dive in." It was not a good dive, diving was not my specialty, and I was taking classes to improve. I am a good swimmer though but was on the team mostly to fill the semester's Phys Ed requirement.
I did go all the way under and it was so funny when I opened my eyes under the water, and I had a view of all the naked guys from that perspective. Their bodies were kind of distorted, their flaccid penises dangling down, or just streaming along with them as they swam. They were all just so cute! Size did not matter with that kind of visual, I wished I would have had an air tank and could have stayed down below just to take it all in. I was so naive back then, yet so anxious to lose that innocence and join the mainstream.
There I was, my presence got a myriad of reactions from the guys, a couple left trying to cover themselves as they did, some avoided my space. But there were several that surrounded me, not afraid to interact. I was so glad for them, as I did not have a plan nor did I know how to react. One asked me if I had ever done this before? I answered that quickly with, "Hell No." Then, not wanting to give away my lack of experience, I lied when I added, "Not with this many men."
A couple of the guys just decided to treat me like one of them, one, in particular, caught my eye. Once I was accepted, I got invited to be launched. I told them if they didn't launch me too high and just shot me forward, I was in, I did not want to soak my hair any more than it was. Yes, I wanted to feel some of these hot guys' hands on my naked body. I was way behind with things like this with males in that era of free love.
I had seen this done before at pools and lakes but while in swimsuits but did not pay attention to the contact points the launchers used. I had two guys, one on each side that we're preparing to do it. They looked puzzled as they tried to figure out how to execute that type of launch with a naked body with a vagina and breasts, it had to be tough enough just avoiding a male's penis. They each chose a different approach. One had a hand down holding my feet, so I could push off with his help, this put his other arm just above my waist. The guy I liked the most had his hand between my thighs holding me up, his other hand then was under my chest area pushing my breasts as he held me there. They told me to bend my knees to push off, when I did the hand between my thighs was now tight up against my labia and somehow, likely on purpose the hand on his other arm was holding a breast.
If I was not in the water, I am sure he would have felt the wetness it likely caused as I had the feeling that usually goes with it.
They told me to lift my arms and held me like that long enough for me to hear one of the other guys tell his friends to check out my big tits. They counted down as I felt the fingers on my labia slide into my slit. The one on my breast was now squeezing it as they launched me.
I can't lie, I liked it, it was a thrill in more ways than one, so I let them repeat it several times. Each time they did they held me a little differently, I was being felt up in various areas one launch at a time. It was fun for all of us including the guys that were just spectators.
We took a break and stood there a moment talking and I felt a hard cock poke me at about my waist level. He knew it, I could see the look on his face that he was afraid of my reaction.
I was not going to let that go without retribution, so I returned the favor and got a handful of said cock that was poking me, and was squeezing it just like he did my tit. I may have been a virgin but not to hand jobs and titty grabbing. I did not even try to make it seem like an accident. Then I held it in my hand long enough to show him I liked feeling a cock as much as he and his friend liked feeling my tits and sliding their fingers in my slit. They must have liked feeling me up, as I then felt the other's cock poking me too, so I grabbed it as well, I had two cocks, one in each hand. That meant we were even, as it was me that had them under my control.
I agreed to another launch, and this time the cutest one got an index finger inside me during it. I didn't know how far this could go without others seeing it. But it did not matter, as it was right after that launch that the girls outside the door started banging on it. The guys said it was a warning, but they usually waited until the girls would at least stick their heads in. He said they have shown them everything from erect penises to a good old-fashioned synchronized mooning. I grabbed their hands and we went to the more shallow water. I said, "Let's show them something that will really get their attention. Their cocks and a little of my sex were above the water, they were already hard from me grabbing them, I had them more than ready!
Sure enough, a couple of them stepped in, to yell at them, and probably to see if I got out of the pool area somehow. One was the girl that opened the door, the other the one that pushed me in. I stood there with my guys in thigh-high water, and the girls looked shocked as they saw me naked with a hard cock in each hand.
I had the perfect line in retort, "Thanks to you guys I got me two hung hot studs here, I have the first choice but you can share the other, you just have to lose the suits and join in!"
They had no reply, they just stomped out in their shower shoes. It likely made them jealous seeing me naked with two of the hottest guys' hard cocks in my control.
There was a slow parade of guys going to the males' locker room after that. My two new friends and admirers were not in a hurry, and though I was exposed, I waited to get my suit. Then as soon as the rest were gone the three of us started getting out. Mark told me his name, and I told him mine, then he told me I could just get my suit, and he would get me a towel if I dared to come into the locker room with him. I swam over to where I dropped my suit, I was able to reach it from the pool and swam back with it.
I wondered if I should put it on, and get ready for the practice but decided to skip it, the practice that is, I was having too much fun. I did not want to deal with the bitches that fucked with me. I wanted to give my wet hair a chance to dry enough to be brushed out before my late afternoon class. You can miss a practice I was told when I signed up, I think they mentioned that as they were desperate for more female swimmers.
Bottom line was, that I was invited, and just had to walk into that locker room naked with the guys. I had conquered the fear, and was enjoying this adventure and figured I may never get a safe chance like this to see and be seen by this many naked guys, cocks a swinging. I was not going to pass on an invitation to go into a guy's locker room, female reporters were banned from them back then.
We got into the locker room and there were all these guys drying off, just observing how some would put a leg up on the bench, so they can dry their balls. I remember thinking how cute boy's butts are, much smaller than ours. Not all the guys were fit, but their penises were cute anyway, all different, and hanging down until some started to recover from the pool water. Some skinny guys had big ones, and fit guys had small ones. Just like us girls and our breasts, we are all different too.
My two new friends were standing right next to this naked girl and were showing some more serious wood. Since I was there, some were drying slowly to be there longer, to see my sex or show theirs, maybe both? But some that were starting to get erect, tried to cover them up. I got a good look-see though, and instantly I had not just a greater appreciation of penises, I was in love with Mark's hard cock. I was already considering letting him go further with me if we got a chance alone, but that was not likely.
They only had enough towels out for the class, so I shared Mark's towel. He gave it to me first, so I used what I learned from watching some of the guys. Where I got the courage I don't know, but I put a leg up on the bench to dry between my legs and show my pussy at the same time. When I was done I started to dry him, making sure to get between his legs and dry off his cock that was rock hard before he was dry. His cock was sticking straight out, and my nipples were hard, and his friend could see that he was not involved with this trio anymore. He had to notice we were trying to stall until the rest left, and he dressed and was one of the last to leave. I was ready to do some things with a guy, but not with two guys, and I had mine picked out.
We were pretty sure everyone had left. So he got bold and ask me, "Could I kiss you Chrisy, and just have a little feel of your breasts? I would never force myself on someone, but my hands just have to feel the most beautiful and perfect breasts I've ever seen."
Well, I am not stupid, it was a line, but I knew he was honest about wanting to feel them. I figured if he could say that I could give an equal retort, and said, "OK Mark, but I just might want to feel your penis and that cute ass of yours when it is my turn. I got wet down there as I was drying your cock, it's just so hard and as inviting as the hot guy it is attached to."
He looked more shocked than me from my line in return. I think we both were trying hard to prove to each other that we were experienced, but we were both just as nervous and just as much a rookie. He recovered and was standing in front of me feeling me up, my first real feel up, males before him were met with resistance or did not do it very long. I was so turned on and ready for it, that when he let go to kiss me, I was the one to introduce my tongue to the kiss. It was the first time I did not wait for the guy to do it first. I was naked in a males' locker room making out!
Once we got to the point of me having my hands around him and on his ass, his cock slid between my legs. I could feel it throb, and feel it part my labia as it pressed against my slit. I was afraid this was going too far too fast. I held his butt with one hand and worked the other down between us to grab his cock so it would not be able to penetrate me then, I was not ready for that big of a move.
We took a break to get air from all the face sucking, and I sat on the bench and pulled him over to me. It was just me and him naked in a males' locker room at that point, I was at least going to see how it felt to have his hard cock in my mouth. His was a nice one, right up there with the two or three biggest I saw in the pool and locker room. It seemed like just his knob filled my mouth at first. I got my first taste of pre-cum, or just cum I guess. I was just so excited, maybe more than him.
I loved the act of giving a blowjob right away, yes it was my first one. I was only a jerky girl at that point. The good thing about a blow job is that It just feels so good to know you have a guy's cock in you and are giving a guy pleasure without danger of getting pregnant. I was not that fond of giving hand jobs, and ending up with cum on my hands and sometimes clothes. They are nothing like having a hot guy's hard cock in your mouth. It was back then that girls even started to admit they gave them, and even claim how much they liked giving them. I loved the reaction I got when I ran my tongue around the bottom of his knob, I found out how sensitive that area is. Holding his ass cheeks felt so good in my hands too. I tried to act like I knew what I was doing, but I got the feeling that he did not have much more experience than me, he was only a sophomore.
I did everything I could think of with my mouth and tongue. I even licked, and then sucked on his balls until I got a hair that was caught near my throat. I started to just concentrate on his knob, I knew that was the place from hand jobs, and could tell that was his magic spot. He could not hold even his feet still when I would mouth it.
He was pretty quiet during this, I guess it is a man thing not to make noise or talk so I was concerned about a surprise ejaculation. I was not ready to take a shot in my mouth, it was not even done much back then.
It worked out OK, as he tried to pull out in time, shooting only a little in my mouth. Then he made his first noise and funny face as his cock was just bobbing there shooting cum all over my neck breasts, and belly. It felt warm, and I did get more than a taste of cum. It was OK, not as disgusting as it sounded, but I probably only got a rope or two. It was enough to help me swallow that one pubic hair that had been lodged in my throat, I was glad of that.
He finally spoke and said, "I will wipe that off for you." He got the towel that was wet and started at my pussy that was not involved, but it gave him a chance to drag his finger over it. I mean, I could tell that it was deliberate, it sent a flash through my body. He spent a little time getting my breast, and did not tell me to, but urged me with his hands to lay back on the bench. Then he finished by putting the towel down for his knees and started to kiss my breasts. I let out some of my first moans ever from the pleasure a guy was giving me, and they were real.
Now he had a whole arm and hand free as only one was needed to hold on to the bench. He was sliding it down so slowly toward my pussy the suspense was killing me. His hand finally reached its target area and his finger found its way inside me. First, he went in with just his index finger, and then when he found out fingers were welcome by the sounds I was making he added another. It was pure luck on his part, and mine I guess. Neither of us knew what a clit was, or its location, but in entering me with his fingers, his hand was giving it some contact.
I was not having to fake it at all, it felt so good to have someone's fingers other than my own in me, and his hand rubbing what I later learned with the exposed part of my clit. He fingered me too long though and was no longer hitting the right spot. I did not know how to tell him his fingers wore out their welcome, so I faked my first orgasm, just to wrap that part up without destroying the mood we were in.
Then I saw that his cock recovered from the blowjob, and it was rock hard again. I may have been tired of his fingers but I was still worked up, and so was he. I wanted that hard penis, and I knew my vagina was as ready for one as it ever was or would be. He did not want to quit, and neither did I, so I asked him if he had a condom, and he shook his head no. That would have been a mistake if I wanted an out. Once you admit to a guy you are willing, he does not want to go back, and you can't get yourself to disappoint them. So my first fuck was going to have to be bareback and dangerous.
We set out on a search for a good place to fuck, a hard locker room bench we might fall off of was not one, and forget the dirty floor with no clean towels. It was going to be risky, but we did not care. The locker room served the gym too, it was on the other side, it was empty, but it would only be a matter of time until someone would be using it. We opened the door to the gym and saw some mats down for the wrestling team, some others were stacked under the stands. We looked at each other and decided to go for it, and practically ran to the stands hand in hand, then underneath them. I laid back on the stack of mats and spread my legs open to give him access to my excited pussy. It was all I knew to do, or any girl would when they first gave it up. Things were up to him from thereon.
He started kissing me and had a hand back there again, but I stopped him. I said, "I love your kisses, but I don't want to get caught naked especially while fucking in a gym, you need to start fucking me now."
I pulled back further to open up my hole some more and could tell he was not experienced, maybe even a virgin too. It made me feel better about my quick choice to do it with him. He reached down to guide his hard member in, and I prepared myself for the pain they claim you have on your first fuck. He proceeded slowly, but all I could feel was a new feeling, no pain involved yet. It was the feeling you get from having a cock inside you as you are looking into a guy's eyes. It made me feel like I was now a woman. I can't describe that feeling, but I felt it.
Every stroke he took in me felt better, and I was starting to not be able to keep quiet. I pulled my legs back even further and finally spoke and changed my mind about hurrying, "Oh God that feels good, I don't care where we are, I don't want this to end." We did not have endless time, I was just in the moment, someone could have been in the gym or locker room already. He started pumping me and I thought of more information I needed to convey to him.
I told him, "The way you felt before you came the first time, this time pull out right before you have that feeling, one of us can finish it off by hand. I am not ready to be a mom."
It was risky, I was not on the pill, and we had no condom, precum could have inseminated me if I was unlucky. It was a good thing he got that first one out so he would not have as much, but it did take him a long time to get off.
Once I got it across to him that I did not want to risk him cumming in me, I was back to just enjoying my first fuck. All the stories I heard about pain, and the first not being good was not the case. I pulled my legs back, and it pulled my ass and pussy up in the air where I could see better. It felt so good, and I wanted to watch it too. He was not going all the way in, probably for my benefit, but I wanted it all, and told him, "Go ahead Mark, give me that last inch, I want to feel your cute balls hit me."
He sped up some and went deeper, I had my hands on his sides to keep him up so I could watch. Yes, I wanted to see his beautiful cock as he pushed it in, and out of my vagina. All this stuff I heard or read about, I wanted to feel. The longer and harder he fucked me the better the feeling. The look on his face was one of determination, he was starting to get flushed, and am sure I was too, I had that feeling they talk about of just being one with a sexual partner. The speed he was now going made me louder, and I was not trying to muffle it anymore. "Oh Mark, I can't believe I am fucking someone I just met, but it feels so good so keep going." I still wanted it to last, but fortunately, guys are wired differently. When I saw a vein on his forehead showing I knew he was close.
He pulled out and backed up to finish, he did not look me in the eyes, he was embarrassed jerking off in front of me I think, but getting off for him was such a priority of course. He was not as ready as he thought so I tried to help. I rolled over on my belly, lifted myself with my arms, and started licking the head of his penis as he stroked it. I had a good friend that always told me the perfect way to end a blow job is with a facial. I often wondered if she did, or was just trying to impress or make me try it. Mark had his head tilted back so it was up to me to decide where to take it.
I thought that, but I really did not have time when he let loose. I was looking right at his pee hole when the ropes started coming and landing on my face. I only had time to close my eyes. Once I took the first few high-velocity ropes, I gave into another sudden urge, I started mouthing his knob as he finished, and he finally gave me some feedback. "Your lips and tongue feel so good on my knob, your so special doing that for me."
He went back on his loins and I got up on my butt and sat there as the cum dripped off my face. I did not mind what I took in my mouth and swallowed, but looked at him and laughed a little and said, "It's OK to laugh, it feels funny so it must look that way too."
He kissed my cum coated lips and I thought that was so manly of him, a lot of guys would not show their appreciation that way. What dripped off of me left a puddle on the mat, we had the one used towel and he cleaned me up enough to make the trip back to the locker room.
It was a fantastic, life-altering event, but it was over, but I could not wait until I could do it with him in a bed or even on a sofa in private. I looked forward to having the time to make love. That was not in the cards though and did not happen right away.
We headed back to the locker room and were dressing when we noticed a light on in the wrestling coach's office. We would have to pass it to leave, that was our first worry. As I was in my Speedo and was a girl that was in the males' locker room and had cum in her hair. Mark was dressed, and I tried to stay on the opposite side of him as we walked past his office door.
We did not make it, we heard, "Hey Guys," we stopped in our tracks, and that was followed by, "FYI, our college classes are coed now, not the dorms or the men's and women's locker rooms. The gym is used by both sexes so you got me on a technicality. Keep in mind my team has to wrestle on those mats. Bring an extra towel if you risk it again, and clean up your mess afterward, O.K.?
I am not complaining or chastising you, I tried not to peep when I heard those familiar sounds, and checked it out only to see two of our students having sex. Sex is a beautiful thing, and you young lady, well you're just special. So be careful if you use the gym or pool, I don't want to see a couple of fine-looking love birds like you get in trouble, go on now, go!"
We were seen doing the deed, nothing we could do about that. It was kind of hot to think about. I had my first fuck, and at the same time became an exhibitionist!