This is a FICTICIOUS story that contains elements of non-consent, abuse, humiliation, gangbangs and other darker types of kinks. If such things offend you, please do not read. This story is meant to be entertainment only.
* * * * *
Special thanks to TRCIII for editing this series! His efforts have improved my work no end
Also to Lucy who has been the inspiration for this and 3 other series that I have written.
* * * * *
Tammy put the phone down; she had just finished a call with Emily, her best friend. Emily knew most of what Tammy had been up to recently, but she seemed genuinely shocked when Tammy told her about the afternoon's events, and being blackmailed by the headmaster. She had nearly choked when she had told her that her dad had been there and that he had fucked Tammy, and the conversation about his cock had been funny...
"So, your dad has a massive cock," Tammy had said.
"Fuck off! The sleazy shit has to have a minnow," Emily had replied, laughing.
"No serious, his cock is over 7 inches and it is fat. Have you never seen it?" Tammy pressed.
"Have I fuck! And no you are lying to me," Emily was laughing, "he is the size of my little finger, and you have never had a big cock clearly."
Tammy had laughed hard at that, but her response was, "I want to fuck him again, so I will prove it."
That had stopped the laughter, and their conversation had got really serious, lots of planning. Emily was genuinely really interested in what Tammy had been up to, and she just couldn't pass up the opportunity to be involved, even if it was her own dad—her own sleazy dad. Tammy was going to solicit Lucy to help. She had, from the get-go, encouraged Tammy and helped her into sexual situations no 18-year-old should be in. Lucy was regretful that she had not experienced many things at a younger age, never understood her sexuality. Specifically Lucy didn't know until she was well into her 40's that she was an exhibitionist, and wanted to make sure Tammy had the experience to know what she liked and wanted.
Lucy was up to help, and immediately arranged to go out a week Friday with Ruth, Emily's mum. She included a couple of the other girls too, and it would be a late one. Ruth was like Lucy used to be—sexually uptight and boring. She would be mortified if she discovered what her husband had been up to. Tammy had no concerns about sharing with Emily; she knew Emily teased her mum about her lack of sexual expression and had told her she needed to go have an affair several times.
Anyway, the plan was hatched; the girls would have a sleepover, and Ruth would be taken out of the picture by Lucy. Then Tammy would get Miles all hot under the collar and get him to fuck her—hopefully in the arse, if Tammy had her way. Emily knew Miles was staying in. She had already had a conversation about some crappy sports thing on the TV that he was going to watch, and had been texting Tammy as their mums talked. There had been an argument about needing to stay sober to keep an eye on the girls, and Miles had been put in his place, so no doubt he would be there.
On the following Wednesday evening, Tammy arrived home. She was a little sore from servicing the headmaster; it had been fun and she had cum a significant number of times, but she was sore now. Stuart made a comment as she walked up the stairs, something about the slut walk of shame. Tammy had asked her mum later when they were alone, and it turned out her step-dad knew everything. No wonder he had been extra unpleasant recently; he was probably jealous. She thought twice about Friday now. Stuart was a loudmouth and she bet the reason he knew everything was Richard. She was concerned about dragging Emily in, but when she thought about it, Emily was not involved in the plan for Friday other than staying out of the way and wanting to get a look at her dad's cock. They had been laughing about that since Tammy told her; she had been trying to catch him in the nude, but Emily had not been subtle enough and he managed to not be caught whenever she appeared. Well, except for Sunday Morning when she had seen his bare arse, but nothing else.
After tea on Friday, they all piled into the car and drove around to Emily's. Tammy had her bag of stuff for the night, and Lucy looked...well, conservative for her, now. But a year ago, Tammy would have said she looked slutty. She had a nice red top on with no shoulders and long sleeves, which actually came down and covered the top of her black leather skirt, though that only just touched the top of her back stockings, and the red high heels set it all off. Tammy suspected she was not wearing underwear and would flash some unsuspecting men this evening. Stuart was chauffeur and was going to wait while all the ladies arrived then take the four of them into town.
When they arrived, Tammy shot up to Emily's bedroom and they started planning. They listened to the noise downstairs: the ladies in the kitchen, and Stuart and Miles in the living room with the TV. Tammy had her white stockings and matching tiny panties on under her PJ's and a slutty bra that was slightly too small, pushing up her tits. She planned to head down to Miles as soon as the others left, while Emily watched from the kitchen.
Emily and Tammy had fooled around for years. Neither of them thought they were gay or even Bi, but they had both made the other one cum before. Emily was in a playful mood and she kept removing part of Tammy's PJ's to have a feel or look at her slutty underwear. They had wine and were laughing and joking, and Emily was teasing about what her dad would do to Tammy. Emily was grabbing Tammy's tits and then stroking her inner thigh, when she asked, "Will he lick your pussy?"
"Maybe," Tammy said, as Emily pushed her back onto the bed, jumping on top of her. Emily's head was right above Tammy's pussy, as she made licking motions, laughing. Then she pulled the PJ bottoms down again, exposing the slutty panties. She stroked across them in a very seductive way, and they both laughed. Emily then moved her head in closer; she was millimetres from Tammy's clit.
"How do you think he will make you cum?" she asked. "Will you make him lick your clit?"
Emily's fingers moved Tammy's panties aside, exposing her clit and the top of her pussy; she had shaved especially for tonight and it was silky smooth. Tammy thought it was clear they were both far too turned on by this, and was about to pull away when Emily buried her tongue in Tammy's slit. Tammy could not deny she was wet and turned on, she was close with Emily, and they joked that they should lick each other, but they had never actually done it. While Emily clearly knew the anatomy and what would work, she had no actual experience with it. Tammy moaned as she hit just the right spot, but it took too long for Emily to find it again. However, when she did, she went for it; she made Tammy moan, and then moan again. Tammy wanted fingers inside her, but didn't think Emily was up for going that far.
Tammy was sure she could climax from just the tongue; it would take longer though. She reached down to start fingering herself, and Emily pushed her hand away. She lifted her head just long enough to say, "I'll do it," and then buried her head back in. Her fingers began probing Tammy's soaking hole and then slipping in. Emily hooked her fingers immediately and Tammy shuddered as her G spot was rubbed. She could not believe the enthusiasm that Emily had for this; it really surprised her as she moaned again. Tammy knew she was not far from cumming. 'Give Emily a couple of goes and she will be an expert,' Tammy thought.
"Oh god you are good," Tammy moaned, as Emily just kept her head buried.
Tammy flinched, then shook; the orgasm was not a big one but the thoughts of her best friend providing it, made it feel so good. Emily flopped away.
As Tammy regained her breath, she said, "I can't believe you did that."
"Calculated," Emily replied. "If things work out tonight, you are going to get to cum a lot! When we get back up here, you owe me now!" She left the statement hanging, like it was the cost of the evening for Tammy.
That really got the girls going for the evening. There was an excitement to it now that just was not there before. Tammy was still rolling over in her head the idea that Emily had licked her pussy when Emily said, "Is it weird that I am looking forward to watching you fuck my dad?"
"It is, a bit. But when you consider the journey I have been on these last few weeks, who am I to judge?" Tammy replied.
There was some noise outside and Emily looked out the window. Below her, the Ladies and Stuart were exiting the kitchen door, heading to the car.
"They are going; 2 minutes and we go," Emily said with excitement in her voice, as she watched them leave.
Tammy double-checked her underwear and made sure she was ready; she stood up just as Emily said, "That's it. The car has disappeared down the road."
They sneaked down to the kitchen quietly. Tammy stepped out of her PJ's and stood there in just her white underwear. she felt really sexy and she wanted Miles now, she had been thinking about his big cock for over a week. While Tammy was doing that Emily had moved one of the breakfast bar chairs to a position that gave a great view of almost the entire living room though the double glass panel doors that separated the rooms, but the position was hidden mostly by the island, with the door to outside behind her that produced a little light into the kitchen but pushed her into a silhouette, with the kitchen in darkness you would be able to see Emily if you really looked, but there was no way a glance or casual look would pick her out.
"Ready?" Tammy whispered.
"Yes, go for it," Emily replied. The excitement in her voice was tangible.
Tammy strode into the living room, where Miles was stretched on the sofa. Carrying the glass of wine she had just refilled, and wearing only lingerie, she really did look the slut. She stopped in front of Miles, who almost dropped his drink as he looked her up and down.
"Emily has fallen asleep up in her room, and I want some fun," Tammy said, as if she was instructing Miles to create it—which, in a way, she was.
After a moment he said, "Good god, woman! You can't walk about like that in here. You will get me shot."
"By who?" she asked, voice all coy. "Maybe you need to punish me?"
Tammy put her glass on the table and dropped to her knees. Her hand fell onto the grey sweatpants that Miles had on, aiming for his dick. She caught part of it and moved quickly to feel along the already-half-hard shaft; he clearly had no underwear on, and that monster was always going to be easy to locate. She stroked through his sweats.
"Stop. Wwe will get caught," Miles said. Tammy could tell there was a mixture of genuine concern and desire in his voice, which said he didn't mean it.
As she increased the pressure on his cock, she asked again, "By who?" then continued, "Emily is sound asleep upstairs, and everybody else just went out for the night." She could feel his cock responding, it was growing quickly.
After a few strokes she added, "And little Miles wants to come out and play."
Tammy did understand his concern. Ruth was a real prude, and she had once thrown Emily out, only for one night, but nevertheless thrown her out, for the massive crime of having her bedroom door shut with a boy in there. Everybody knew you did not mention sex or even sexual parts of the body when Ruth was around. But she was not letting that stop her; she was all but wanking Miles through his trousers now, and his cock was not far from full mast. She moved, mainly to give Emily a perfect view, and released it from his pants. It was a good eight inches long and had a girth that she could not quite get her hand around. There was a centimetre gap between her fingers and thumb.
The monster was on full view, standing like a flag pole at an embassy. Tammy smiled, because she was sure she heard a gasp from the kitchen, and because not only had Mile's complaints ceased, he was running his hand through her hair. She moved her head and licked up the length of his cock, base to tip, and he moaned. She was in; this was happening now. As she licked back down the shaft she looked to where Emily was; she could make out an outline, but not actually see Emily. Perfect! She winked with a big grin that opened to swallow the head of Miles's cock inside.
As the car pulled up outside the place they planned to spend the evening, Lucy wondered if Tammy had accosted Miles yet. The ladies in the back exited quickly; they had all spent far too many evenings in here, drinking until they were thrown out at 1 a.m. She leant across and kissed Stuart on the cheek and said, "Don't wait up."
"Oh, I am heading back to Miles to watch the game; I will pick the car up in the morning and walk home, so I might still be up if you are frisky," he said with a wink.
She paused at hearing that, but there was nothing she could do now, so she got out the car with a smile and closed the door. As they walked into the bar, she pulled out her phone and typed an urgent text to Tammy.
"Your stepdad is coming back to watch the game with Miles!!!!!"
She thought as she walked to the bar and told Ruth who was getting the first round that she wanted a, "Pinot, large," then typed another text.
"I will tell them I feel unwell in about an hour, and come back to drag him home. Hopefully, that will still give you enough time." She thrust her phone back into her pocket, not checking to see if the messages came up read.
Back at Emily's house, Tammy's phone buzzed twice, but sitting on Emily's bedside table, nobody saw it.
Emily sat in the darkness watching her friend. She was in a bit of shock. Tammy had not been lying; her dad had an absolutely massive cock, and at this moment she was watching Tammy slide her mouth up and down it as her dad lay back on the sofa, eyes closed. Emily could not believe that she had agreed to this, or that she continued to watch it, but she also could not take her eyes off it. As she watched Tammy take more and more of her dad's cock into her mouth, and listened to the moaning of her dad, she felt tingles in her clit; she was almost disgusted with herself as she started to rub.
It was clear that Tammy was rubbing herself as she sucked Miles, and Emily felt a connection with her as she frigged herself. After maybe five minutes of sucking Miles, Tammy stood up and removed her knickers. Even at this distance Emily could see they were soaked with Tammy's juices, the same juices she had on her tongue not 30 minutes ago. Tammy took her panties and pushed them into Miles' mouth. He seemed to accept them eagerly as Tammy straddled him, her back facing him and lowered herself onto his massive dick. She was facing Emily and really made a show of it, slowly lowering herself down. Emily watched as inch after inch of her dad's cock disappeared into her best friend. Emily didn't think she had ever been this turned on!
Emily knew she was inexperienced; she had only been with one boy, and she loved every minute. However, she now knew because of Tammy's exploits that the boy in question had an average dick, at best. Tammy had been far more taken with his mates, and Emily now was targeting Paul who Tammy said had a bigger dick than her dad. As she stared at her dad's dick rhythmically pumping into her friend, she wondered what a dick that size felt like, then stopped herself halfway through a thought of what it would be like to be fucked by her dad. She was really wet now, and she was about to cum. Watching Tammy was hotter than she ever imagined it could be; she covered her own mouth as she moaned through an orgasm that she just did not want to end.
As she refocused on Tammy and her Dad, they were moving; Tammy was bent over the coffee table and her dad was fucking her from behind. If he looked to his left 40 degrees he would be looking straight at her, but something did not feel right.
Stuart pulled up on the drive, he had a little plan. A few weeks ago Miles had played a joke at the golf club and Stuart had pretty much shit himself in front of their mates, so he was going to sneak in now and film it as he bust up from behind the sofa, hopefully scaring the shit out of Miles.
As he silently opened the door to the kitchen, the sounds he heard were not those of the match, but those of sex. The fucker was watching porn; even better! He silently closed the door behind him. He didn't think he had been this quiet ever, but as he turned, he realised that the sound that was loudest was Emily. She was right in front of him in a chair; she had her hand over her mouth, and was clearly climaxing. He stood silently behind her almost surprised that she could not feel his breath on her neck. He followed her field of view to see what she was watching and his jaw fell open. In front of him, Miles was fucking Tammy doggy over the coffee table. He stood paralysed, watching, feeling his cock harden, jealousy in his thoughts; he had wanted his step-daughter for a good few years now.
Stuart could tell Emily had not noticed him enter, but that she knew somebody was behind her; she had stopped rubbing herself. He moved quickly, grabbing her tight, his hand across her mouth before she could scream.
As she started to struggle, he whispered in her ear, "Don't worry. It's Stuart, but I don't want to disturb them. I will let you go now, but don't make a sound."
Stuart released her, and she took a deep, but quiet breath. Her heart was racing; she had never been so scared, but she felt relieved now. Well, sort of. What the fuck was Stuart doing here, and why was he not going ape-shit about what Miles was doing to Tammy? It took her a moment to steady herself, then she whispered to him.
"What are you doing here, and how come you are not mad?" Her voice had a shake as she spoke; she was still calming herself.
"I came back to watch the game with your dad, but this is a much better show, and she is eighteen and not really my daughter, so who am I to stop her? Also, what are you doing?" his voice was even and very quiet, but the question at the end was accusing in sound.
"Tammy told me that my dad had a massive dick, and I didn't believe her. She said she would prove it and that he knew what he was doing, so I came to watch." She felt her voice relaxing as she continued.
Tammy was moaning now; Miles had reached under and was clearly giving her clit some attention and she was close to cumming as Stuart said, "Well, you were doing a lot more than watching."
Emily felt herself blush. Thankfully, there was no way he could tell in this darkness. As Tammy tensed up, cumming with a carnal moan, it made Emily tingle a lot; she actually needed to rub again. She said, "It is very erotic. I had to relieve the pressure, and I might have to again."
Stuart, stifled a laugh in her ear, then said, "You go right ahead. And I might have to, too."
Something about that really turned Emily on. The idea of Stuart standing with her, wanking, was weird but fun. She had no idea where the courage to do it came from, but she slipped her hand back into her PJ's. As she did that, she realised that she only had her PJ's on, no underwear, and Stuart was right beside her. She decided she actually didn't care, and that if he wanted to watch, let him.
She felt him moving beside her and guessed he really was going to wank; she wasn't brave enough to watch. She had been rubbing for less than a minute when a hand came around and fondled her breast. She jumped, but thankfully didn't make enough noise to alert her dad. She was about to tell Stuart to stop when he tweaked her nipple. It was bullet-hard immediately, and sent signals directly to her clit, so she let it continue.
As she started to feel another orgasm rise, she thought, 'What's wrong with it? Tammy is fucking my dad, so hers can feel me up.' And he was good at it; she had never had such feelings from her tits being touched. She was coming to her climax much quicker than she expected, and had to clamp her other hand over her mouth again. As she did, Stuart's other hand—the one she thought he was using for wanking—slipped into her PJ bottoms and onto the hand she was using to rub. He applied pressure in slightly different spots and she felt the feeling in her clit multiply. She was cumming hard, and Stuart was improving it! She stopped her hand; she had cum, as far as she was concerned, but he kept on, pressing and moving. Her orgasm seemed to stretch out, every few moments jumping to a new level of intensity. She was really struggling to keep the noise contained now and wasn't sure how she managed it. There was a moment of feeling like she was looking down on her body having an orgasm, then the pressure stopped, and she flopped onto the island in front of her. She had never experienced anything like that.
Stuart had got Emily to have a really intense orgasm. Young and inexperienced bodies were easy; they responded to everything. But the excitement of doing that had made his erection so hard that it hurt. As Emily slumped, forward her trousers didn't move with her, and the top of her sweet little 18-year-old arse, with its soft, pale skin came into view. He considered for a moment, then decided to go for it. He pushed Emily onto the counter, and pulled her PJ's down in one quick motion. She didn't struggle and he moved in, her soft, very wet and warm pussy inviting for his cock, and he slipped it in. She would be perfect to relieve him.
As he pushed in, filling her tight pussy, she whispered, "Wait, stop, I don't want to."
The fact she whispered in this situation made him think she was conflicted and he whispered back, "Yes you do. Your pussy is wet and wants a man; you just take it like a good girl."
There was a half-hearted struggle, which seemed to disappear quickly. To be honest, it felt more like she was doing it because she thought she should than because she wanted to. She could have stopped this immediately by making any significant noise, but didn't. He started to pump into her, enjoying her soft skin, drinking in the smell of her, as he forced his cock as deep as he could into her tight, young pussy.
Emily did not know what to do; she was watching her dad fuck her best friend, and to be honest it looked like they might be done soon. Then her friend's dad was fucking her hard; she really didn't want him to, but could not muster the will to bring Tammy's evening to an end, too.
As he thrust she felt his hand come around and start to play with her clit, which was still very sensitive from her last orgasm. Stuart whispered in her ear, "I have wanted Tammy for a long time, but I can't deny I have thought about having both of you before."
Emily was not sure if she should respond. She was actually enjoying this; he was good. But she really didn't want Tammy's step-dad fucking her. The conflict raged in her head as she watched her dad blow into Tammy; they were both very noisy. Emily watched as they rolled together onto the sofa, and had to cover her own face to suppress a moan. Stuart was far more skilled than she would have expected; he was pounding her quite hard now and his fingers were starting to have quite an effect on her clit. Emily knew another orgasm was coming.
Emily listened as she heard Tammy say, "Don't think that is it; I want that monster cock in my arse tonight."
She was slipping into another orgasm, and so only really half caught her dad's reply. "I have never done anal. Ruth thinks it is disgusting, an exit only."
There was more but Emily really didn't have a clue as she was cumming again, and the world was just her and Stuart, as she tensed and spams ran across her body. Stuart was cumming in her, too; she felt pleased he had not lasted long in her tight little pussy.
Emily moaned loudly as Stuart's fingers didn't give up as she climaxed. The sound escaped through her fingers, and she watched in horror as both Tammy and Miles looked over.
Emily didn't have any chance to move before Miles said, "Alexa, turn on the kitchen light."
There was maybe half a second delay then Emily and Stuart found themselves standing in bright light, Tammy and Miles staring at them. There was an awkward silence, nobody seemed to know what to say.
Tammy broke the silence. "Yuck, Stuart, you are sick!"
"I think we are all being a little naughty," he replied. "Not one of us here can say we are not ashamed the others have seen us."
Tammy thought for a moment; he was right, and to be frank she really didn't know how to reply. Thankfully, she didn't need to.
"I think we have three options here. One, we all admit we are a little perverted and just have some fun together. Two, we all admit we are a little perverted and go back to whatever we were doing before we found ourselves here and never speak of it again." There was a pause when Stuart sucked in a breath and continued, "Lastly, three, we confess to Ruth and Lucy, and all walk away with a clear conscience."
The four of them looked at each other for a moment, then Stuart broke the voting ice. "I have to say my preference is one, and we can't go anywhere near three!"
"I vote the same," Miles blurted. "Ruth would cut my balls off, and she has no clue how to have fun."
Emily laughed at that, and added, "She is the fun anti-Christ"
Before Emily could vote, Tammy said, "I would vote for one too, but I won't. I will vote the same as Emily."
Emily felt a weight, they all wanted to continue this, but she felt a little out of her depth; she knew if her mum found out any of this, she would end up sitting on the kerb with Miles. So, three was 100% out. That left the options to end this now or continue. She thought it was a little sick what they were doing, but she also wanted more of those orgasms that Stuart had provided. Her boyfriends had not given her anything like that yet.
"I'm going to vote one," Emily said carefully, "but I want to be able to turn that into two if I think it is going too far."
"Deal," said Tammy, before anybody could say anything else.
Emily and Stuart joined the others in the living room, turning the kitchen light off on the way, and Stuart grabbed a beer from the fridge.
Stuart started to undress behind the sofa, and leaned over to whisper in Miles' ear, "We are going to swap girls right." He expected a "fuck off" or something like that, but he had to ask; he wanted Tammy bad, and had for more time than he should have.
"I think we will," Miles replied. There was such an evil glint in his eye.
Tammy relaxed as she drank more wine, and Emily was knocking it back too. The four of them were all butt naked on the sofa; actually the only clothing between them were Tammy's stockings, and Tammy thought Emily was drinking to cope.
She whispered to Emily, "You alright?"
Emily moved her head, and whispered back, "Yeah, fine. It's just really uncomfortable being naked like this in front of my dad. What if he tries to fuck me?"
"I would say let him, enjoy it. Tonight will never happen again, and what's the worst that could happen? You don't cum?" Tammy was not sure about her advice there; she was also deeply unsure about letting Stuart fuck her, but she had overheard them planning to swap, and she really wanted to make sure she got Mile's cock in her arse tonight, so was going to play along.
As if to confirm everything, moments later, Stuart cupped her breast, and started to feel, his fingers exploring the shape and firmness, she swallowed and let him continue. His head moved to be very close to hers and he whispered, "I have wanted to do this since I married your mother."
Tammy reached across and grabbed Stuart's cock and started to wank it. If she was in, she was in! His cock was as average as average got. She couldn't help thinking that suited him, but she could not deny that he had got her nipples rock hard already, and the way his tongue was playing down towards them was not average. He knew how to excite.
Tammy watched as Miles walked around. The massive cock was raging harder than it had been in her, which was a little disappointing. As he slumped down in front of Emily, he wrapped his arms around her legs and pulled her into him, his face burying between her legs. Emily seemed caught a little off-guard, and flinched hard almost immediately, but when her hands both came down into his hair, they definitely were not pushing him away.
Stuart's hand moved as his tongue took over on her nipple, slipping down, and he started to stroke and play with her inner thighs and pubis, running fingers across her bare mons, but at no point touching her pussy, clit or arse. It was so delicate. Feelings she had not expected tonight rose in her; there was something humiliating about your step-dad fucking you, and she shuddered as the thoughts of him taking her with Emily watching ran through her head. The shame caused her pussy to flutter, right at the point Stuart's hand grazed across her clit. He was getting closer and closer to the point where he was totally focused on her clit and pussy, not her tits.
Stuart looked up at her face, and said, "Your body is even more amazing than I imaged it. Your tits are as perfect as your mothers."
Tammy was not sure she liked having her body commented on by Stuart, but he knew about her desire to be humiliated and his next line was clearly targeted. "We might have to set up a regular inspection!"
Stuart's fingers were on her clit now. She was pushing into them, her humiliation building in her mind and she was riding the wave it was creating. Her desire to cum with Stuart was soon overwhelming her. She looked over; Emily was squirming and fighting, not to get away as such, but to stop the orgasm that her dad was giving her. It made Tammy smile, as she watched Emily pull the hair of the man that they had both always called sleazy, but who had now made both of them cum.
Stuart was now fingering her as well as pressuring her clit, but his fingers kept slipping down and lubricating her arse. She knew what he was going to do, and again it was because he knew everything about her desires. Emily was still riding the wave of that orgasm when Miles flipped her over and Tammy watched closely as he pushed his cock into his daughter's pussy. Tammy moaned as he did.
Tammy could not appreciate the scene long before she was cumming, too. Stuart had pressure on her clit, and his fingers were working magic in her pussy. She was in total heaven with the shame of her step-father doing this. She bathed in the warm feelings flooding over her as she felt her legs and lower body tense up and the carnal moan that she let out probably told the neighbours what was happening.
As Tammy collapsed back, Stuart flipped her over. She was lying next to Emily in the same position, but unlike Emily, the pressure she felt now was on her tiny brown hole. Stuart definitely planned to arse fuck her. She relaxed as she felt her sphincter give way and his head slowly pushed in; she loved that uncomfortable feeling so much. His average cock was easily accommodated by her arse that wanted Miles's massive cock tonight. As he paused, she waited for the push in, the best bit of all. She had her hand on her clit, rubbing, and she shook with pleasure as the pressure increased and his cock moved up her arse. Feelings of being filled and things moving where they shouldn't delighted her body.
Lucy quietly opened the back door, as she did not want to scare anybody. She had made her exit a little later than planned; the ladies took some convincing that she was ill and needed to go home. Then it took a few minutes to convince Ruth to stay and enjoy the night, that she was fine getting a taxi straight home. Of course, Lucy had not gone home; she was just walking through the door into Ruth's kitchen, needing to drag her husband away so Tammy could have her fun.
As she closed the door, she realised that the noises from the living room were not the game, but porn, the dirty fuckers. Lucy took two steps in the direction of the living room the glass doors revealing the scene as she approached, but she stopped dead, her mouth open. Emily and Tammy were both bent over the sofa, and far from having his cock buried in Tammy's arse, Miles's cock was in his own daughter! However, the feeling of who am I to judge lasted the tiniest moment, as she fully came to realise that Stuart had his cock in Tammy's arse, pounding like his life depended on it, and Tammy, with hand on her clit, was incredibly close to cumming. The view was very comprehensive from here.
Lucy walked quietly into the living room and sat in a chair opposite them. With all of their backs to her, none of them had noticed, and she sat back enjoying the show. Tammy was cumming now; Stuart had worked his magic. The one thing Stuart was definitely good at was making her cum and he had translated that to Tammy a little too well. She was trying to work out if she was mad or not as Emily also started to cum. She was not as loud as Tammy, but still. As Tammy bucked and writhed about in the throes of an intense orgasm, Lucy could not help it; she put her hand in her skirt and rubbed. She didn't have any knickers on she had hoped to get lucky tonight before Stuart put a giant spanner in the works.
As she started to excite her clit, Lucy decided she was mad at Tammy and Stuart. The least they could have done was asked. It was so hot watching her little girl's arse pounded like that; she was so turned on by it, and she was sure neither of the men were that far from cumming, either. And who could blame them? It must be so hard with your cock in those tight, 18-year-old bodies.
Lucy was exciting herself much quicker than she expected, and she was already suppressing the moan that she wanted to let out. Tammy was lining up another; Lucy knew she liked anal herself, but clearly Tammy liked it even more than she did. Tammy's hand was intertwined with Stuart's, a thumb in her pussy, and the remainder of the fingers were exciting her clit. Lucy moaned; it was not loud, but Tammy clearly heard something. Lucy thought, "Fuck it," and really went for it, cumming and moaning. When she opened her eyes they had all stopped and were looking at her.
After a moment, she said, "I am very disappointed, but don't stop. You lot finish what you started."
Stuart, clearly the first to know Lucy was serious, started to pound at Tammy's arse again. And after a moment, Miles started again, too. He kept looking back, he clearly loved the idea of Lucy watching him fuck his daughter.
"I'm sorry, Mum," Tammy said, breathlessly. "Didn't plan this; it just sort of happened."
"We will talk about this when we get home, but for now, hurry up. You are not the only one that needs her holes filled." Lucy was rubbing again, then she slowed and slipped off the chair. Moving to Stuart, she started to massage his balls as they pounded against Tammy. Her other hand moved between both their legs and she started to rub Tammy. That did not last as long as she hoped; the excitement of her getting involved clearly sent Stuart over the edge and he burst in Tammy's arse. Tammy was still leaning into her mum's hand as he did, wanting to cum again.
Tammy was focused on the humiliation. She had just been caught, by her mum, fucking her step-dad. Which was humiliating enough. But now, her mum was rubbing her, driving her to an orgasm at the same time as she was fucked. She could not imagine topping this. Stuart had cum; she had felt it. But he was still thrusting into her, and her mum was making a good job of her clit. As her mind swirled around the ideas of what was happening, the idea of Stuart inspecting her pussy flashed back into her head, something she wanted so much, simply because she did not want it at all. As she thought that, Miles cried out, "Jesus, Baby Girl, I am cumming!" and she watched as he held into Emily, spasms rocking his body as he filled her with cum. Tammy thought that was so erotic, and so wrong. She moaned, her own orgasm now moments away. The visual and mental stimulation in this situation was overwhelming.
Tammy shook; she felt it from the tips of her toes up into her hair. The orgasm was heavenly. Both her mum and step-dad moved away and she lay on the sofa, shaking.
When Tammy turned around, all four of the others were sitting somewhere: chair, coffee table, Emily by herself on the sofa. They were all looking at each other, but nobody said anything. Tammy hated silence. "So, what now?" she asked.
Lucy spoke, "Well, once one of these two can get it up again, I want my go."
Tammy grabbed her empty wine glass and headed to the kitchen to refill it. Moments later, Emily followed. As Tammy filled their wine, Emily said, "Okay, that was amazing, but nobody can ever know about this!"
"Agreed," was all Tammy said, before she replaced the last of the wine in the fridge.
As they returned Lucy, was on the coffee table, laid back. Miles had his head under her skirt; they had only just started, but the intention was clear. Tammy sipped her wine and watched for several minutes. She watched as Lucy was slowly brought to a shuddering climax by Miles's tongue, and as he stood, his cock hard again, Tammy decided to try something. She stood, and walked over to her mum. She stood with a leg either side of her mum's head, and before there was any objection, she lowered herself down, her pussy lips coming to rest on Lucy's face. She looked at Stuart who looked crestfallen, but she indicated that she would suck him, and he stood and approached.
As Lucy started to lick her tongue across Tammy's clit, Tammy took Stuart in her mouth. His cock was not quite as hard as it should be, the toll of fucking two 18-year-old girls showing. As he took his place, they became like a machine, the movement of one part working through to the rest. Miles thrust into Lucy, which caused Lucy to move and really hit Tammy's hot spots, which caused Tammy to moan around Stuart's cock.
Tammy thought that Emily was probably done, having had her fun, but that this was all a little too taboo for her, really. So, she was completely surprised when she saw Emily climb on the table behind her, she assumed for Miles to lick her pussy. Tammy was unable to dedicate any time to the thought; it was hard enough concentrating on Stuart's cock as her own clit was bounced about. However, she was pretty sure she was getting him there. She was impressed, a man of his age cumming three times in one evening.
Miles clearly had just changed the pounding her mum was getting as the rhythm of the lick on her clit changed significantly. She didn't care; she was almost cumming now, and she was sure she would get there no matter what. She let the waves of pleasure wash over her as she climaxed. It was tame in the grand scheme of things, but she enjoyed it nonetheless. She really focused on Stuart's cock, which was bucking and fighting in her mouth; she was not making this a gentle blow job. She didn't really like Stuart, and took great pleasure in using her teeth more than she should, as she half-wanked, half-blew him to cum. There was no roar or anything; he sighed as he shot, less than half a mouthful into the back of her throat. Tammy thought it was perfect timing, as she climbed off her mum. Lucy was about to explode.
As Lucy bucked and moaned, a heavy orgasm belting through her, Emily jumped off the table with a big smile on her face. She had clearly cum, too, totally unnoticed by Tammy. They all watched as Miles rammed into Lucy hard, Lucy not making that easy as her rather intense orgasm stretched out. But as she started to settle back down, Miles was clearly there too. He rammed in and held, a stupid grin on his face, as his pulsing cock shot into Lucy.
Tammy looked around and then said, "Right. Leaving you lot to sort out and bugger off home." Looking at Stuart and Lucy, "Emily and I are off to bed. Miles you still owe me an arse fucking at some point."
She did not wait for any responses. She picked up her underwear and walked to the kitchen to retrieve her PJ's, with Emily two steps behind her.