A group of old hikers get treated to a naked girlfriend's cleaning show.
When the covid-19 lockdown was first announced, my girlfriend took the opportunity to completely clean the house from top to bottom.
She even took down the curtains to wash them, but somehow, they came out of the washer only 1/2 of the original size.
now you must know that our house is almost directly at the road, and the curtains were the only thing that kept passing people from looking straight into our living room.
Because it was quite rainy outside, the lack of curtains was less noticeable to us.
The second week without curtains the temperature started rising, and the weather went from good to great. Meanwhile we were already used to the lack of curtains. Because of the high temperature L. walked through the house more often without clothes than with clothes.
Several passers-by had already been able to enjoy her naked body.
After a few days, some passers-by no longer bothered to hide that they were looking inside. I noticed that one neighbor from further up the street started to walk past our house several times a day.
One afternoon while I was watching TV on the couch, L. walked into the living room stark naked while she was wiping dust from the shelves.
While she was busy a group of hikers came just past our house. The group consisted entirely of older men, at least 65 years of age.
Apparently one of them must have noticed the naked girl dusting off her furniture through the window and the group came to a stop.
The men were so focused on L. that they didn't even notice me in the sofa on the other side of the living room. whilst she dusted off the TV cabinet, she leaned over to reach the back, allowing them to enjoy the view of her breasts bouncing to the rhythm of her movements. She was slightly facing away from the window. From where the guys were standing, you got clear sight of the side of her body, and her perfect behind. I guess that's why she hadn't notice the gathering in front of our window yet.
By now, some of them had their phones out to capture the show, and (or those who were capable) a boner lifting up their pants.
After the surface of the cabinet, she moved up to the TV hanging right by the window. She stretched to dust on top of the TV, tipping her toes and giving the group of hikers a beautiful view of her ass.
She came back down, bent over to wipe the dust off the surround system. because of her bent over position with outstretched legs, she gave the men an unblemished view of the triangle between her thighs and pussy.
A slightly too loud cough from one of the men caught L's attention. Still hunched over she looked over her shoulder and spots the elderly men gaping at her naked ass.
After staring at them for a moment, she turned her head back and tried to grasp what was happening with her eyes closed.
Meanwhile, she is still bent over, and the men are still looking straight into her pussy.
She turns her head back to her audience and notices some of them holding their smartphones in their hands.
Her gaze drops to the men's waist, and lingers on one of the guys.
Even under the fabric of his pants L. could see the abnormally size of the cock.
I knew L. and I could tell her arousal was getting the upper hand of her. While still hunched over, she arched her back a little more, pushing her ass back further. For a moment there she was totally lost in her fantasy and became completely oblivious of her surroundings and the men in front of our window.
She cupped her hand under her breast and gently squeezed her nipple, then she let her hand slide down her belly, over her thigh, then she ran her finger by the side of her pussy to the front, and pushed it between her lips.
She moaned softly as a small stream of liquid ran down her thigh.
With one finger still inside her, completely lost in the moment, she opened her eyes and again looked straight at her audience.
Her head turned bright red whilst she came to her senses, realizing she's standing there completely naked, with a dozen filthy old men peering at her, and her fingers running through her lips and into her pussy. I noticed how moist her pussy became, and a stream of fluid ran down her legs.
She slowly removed her finger from her pussy and stood up. while she looked at the men one last time before taking a run towards the kitchen.
The hikers whistled when they realized the show was over and clapped their hands as if they went to the theater. I watched them show each other the images they had taken with their smartphones and still couldn't believe what they had just seen as they continued their walk. After a few minutes L. peeked from behind the door asking if they were gone.
She carefully walked towards me and sat on my lap, whilst I teased her about how wet she got when she realized she was being watched by a dozen old pervs., she blamed me for not telling her about them.
How could I rob those guys of the view of your beautiful naked body putting up a show for them? I explained myself. Besides you can't deny how turned on it made you! I said while my hand ran between her legs. You can blame me for not telling you at first, but not for the show you gave them whilst you were fantasizing about that grandpa's monsterdick under his pants!
I hadn't finished my sentence until I saw her bite her lip and, eyes closed, remembered the bulge in the old man's pants. holy f** you slut, want me to go get him so you can live your little fantasy?
shhhttt!! she whispered.
L. pulled down my short and my already hard cock jumped out. I could feel her moist as she pushed the head between her lips and I entered her pussy.
If you want the rest of the story:
-> part 2: the postman's fantasy becomes reality