Foreplay: This is another of my hypno stories, about a brother and sister but not totally exclusive to their relationship and involves others.
For my 6th birthday mum and dad bought me my first magic set. Looking back now it was no more than a toy but it kept me happy and, apart from nagging anyone who was around to watch my very amateurish attempts to amaze, it set me up for what was to become a regular hobby. By my 9th birthday I could do simple card tricks and make coins disappear. When I turned 13 the card tricks had become very much more difficult to practice, but became equally difficult for innocent small audiences to explain away. By 'small audiences' that included aunts and uncles, cousins, mum and dad, my two older sisters Ellie and Cheryl and, when no one else wanted to watch, our crossbred dog Buster.
Further into my teens and with the help of birthday money, weekly spend and a part time job delivering newspapers, I was a regular visitor to the excellent but expensive magic supplies shop in a nearby town. The owner of the shop, old Ted, took me under his wing because I was so enthusiastic, and even started to give me the odd pound or two discount. He helped me so much to learn how to use the often complicated tricks and hammered into my brain that 'practice makes perfect' and that a successful magician spends all his available spare time perfecting his trade.
Old Ted still runs the shop, though he is near to retiring. I'm 18, almost 19 now, have a full time job but I'd love to either set up my own magic shows either for kids parties or, preferably, for an older audience. 'Britain's Got Talent' and similar TV talent shows are still some way off though. Much of my magic is done at parties and I must admit, I do get invited to a lot of them.
I was talking to Ted last year, during a quiet afternoon when the shop wasn't busy.
"Why don't you take a break in one of the Spanish resorts," he suggested, eager to give me every help he could to begin my magic career." And while you're there, check out the countless bars - one of which might give you an audition. You'll need enough tricks to put on a show, but you're really good with the card tricks. I know, I've taught you a few."
"Do you really think there's a chance? I've heard of lots of would-be performers having to work damned hard for sod all cash."
"It all depends," he went on. "Close-up card tricks could be an extra source of income. There are some very gullible people who might bet against you doing the impossible. Even a few free drinks are very welcome and would get you a cheap night out."
"But surely, if I did that regularly people would suss me out." I had doubts.
"Well, that depends on your skills. Based on what you've shown me, you shouldn't have any problems. In any case, people come and go; new flights arrive, tanned holidaymakers leave every day. There will be at least a dozen bars in every resort and as the saying goes - there's a sucker born every minute."
It was a lot to take in and he must have seen my thoughts ticking over. He continued, "A good few years ago, when I was performing magic rather than selling it, I studied some simple hypnosis tricks which I combined with the close-up tricks I did in bars."
"So you used to frequent bars as well?"
"The money and free drinks came in handy when the bills came in," he smiled, "Not to mention the attention of the ladies who appreciated my cheeky tricks."
"And your wife/ partner at the time didn't ... "
Old Ted cut me short, "I was a free spirit then, travelled a lot using only my wits and my skills. In fact I eventually settled down with one of those girls amazed by my tricks."
I laughed, "So you hypnotised her to convince her she was the one for you?"
"Hell no. In fact it was the opposite. I first met her on the beach and she tracked me down to a bar where I had a regular show. We talked, over a drink, and the rest is history."
I wasn't going to give up, "So did you hypnotise her?"
"She joined me in my act ... the ladies liked my tricks, the men liked looking at my wife in a skimpy costume."
Then my mind began working overtime. Old Ted, in his younger years, hypnotising a beautiful woman with men ogling her beautiful submissive body. I could feel a natural reaction taking place. My pocket pal began to firm up, outside of my control.
"Tell you what," Ted offered, "Stand me a drink and I'll fill you in a bit more." Then as an afterthought he added, "You are old enough to legally buy a drink, aren't you?"
I laughed, "Sure, no problem." My 18th party had passed, but I'd been drinking for quite a while before then.
We arranged to meet up at The Bearded Badger on the Friday evening. I would normally have been down town with my mates. The Badger was a quiet pub, more suited to old Ted's age group than mine. It worked out cheaper to keep Ted in drinks than to pay nightclub prices anyway.
***
It might sound strange that at my 18th party I'd provided the entertainment. OK, mum and dad provided the food, the drink and their own entertainment for the evening. Hell, we had three responsible adults to look after the house while they elsewhere - my two older sisters and me. Strike that: we had three irresponsible adults and fifteen guests who had an abundant supply of booze.
It was Cheryl who was bragging to Alex, one of her friends (yep, my party but my sisters' friends included with the invites) who is, well, I must admit an ace specimen of female flesh.
For Cheryl this was an amazingly brilliant move, "His card tricks are amazing," I heard her say. "I'll ask him if he'll show us some."
The next I knew was a pack of cards thrust in my hand. "Oh come on, Chas, just a couple of tricks." Half an hour later the party had all but stopped. Alex's jaw dropped further as each trick astounded her more. Sat in the armchair opposite me, just a coffee table between us, she demanded prime view of my every move. So absorbed in each trick she was giving me a perfect view of a very slender piece of knicker material, her skirt being micro short.
"Can you show me that one again, Chas?" she asked, leaning forward to get an even closer look. I refused to look down her cleavage, her weapons of mass distraction, until the trick was complete. Still she couldn't see my deft sleight of hand and her jaw dropped in amazement. Sitting back again in the armchair, her knickers were once again in view and - horror - she saw me looking.
"How about a bet?" I asked.
"With the tricks you do? NO WAY," was Alex's emphatic reply.
"Just 3 cards," I pushed, "It's easy. Watch."
I picked out 2 kings and the ace of hearts from the pack, showed her I'd no more concealed, picked a coin out of my pocket and pushed it just far enough across the coffee table that Alex had to lean, revealing her gorgeous cleavage.
"Ah! I get it. You just want to see my tits." She smiled, picking up the coin, "So?"
"OK, you got me," I couldn't deny. "All you have to do is place the coin on the ace and you win."
It was the age-old 3 card monte. I let Alex win several times. "OK, so now I do it a little faster," Alex seemed a good sport, "And we play for clothes. OK?"
"Hmmm," said Alex, "I've a sneaky feeling you let me win just now, but I think I can follow your hands, so OK."
OK, so now I had my shoes and socks off. Next round I won, Alex's shoes were off. Now my jeans, my boxers revealing my pleasure at the glimpses of Alex's knickers and tits.
"Wow," I like this game," said Alex. She had the best view. Cheryl simply took a sharp intake of breath, Ellie didn't make any comment. Ellie never does.
Cheryl, being only 14 months older than me and still a teenager, had seen me plenty of times with only the shower screen obstructing her view. Although the steamed up glass hid very little, she'd never seen me with a semi. There was always the 'sorry Chas' if she had to urgently use the bathroom, likewise me apologising if the roles were reversed. I dare not enter the bathroom though if Ellie was in there. 4 years older than me, Ellie was always shy and self conscious. Any nudity between Cheryl and I was acceptable, and I'll admit, mutually fun, but never with anything sexual in mind. Nothing further ... not even a kiss.
My sleight of hand became too much. Alex lost her low cut sweater and her bra. OK, it was my birthday and we'd had a drink or three but I gave Alex chance of not losing her knickers.
"OK, last try. If you win I take my sweat top off. If I win I still take my top off, but I get to snog you. OK?"
"I'm not sure," Alex decided.
"OK, so I'll do it slowly then you have an even chance."
"Well," said Alex, "I suppose it's your birthday after all, and I've enjoyed your card tricks."
Needless to say, I won. Alex's kiss was warm and real, no imitation. Without any need for words she took my hand and in the kitchen the kiss became a full-on snog, tongues and real passion.
"My," she said, "What have I been missing?" Her tits were warm against me and the passion in her kisses caused me to fully swell, my boxers giving up any effort to conceal my hardness.
"Your tits are beautiful, your kisses awesome," I muttered, reluctant as ever - I could never really get into slushy mode.
The way Alex massaged my chest with her ample tits was enough, when combined with her deep meaningful kisses, to keep me steel hard. The way she skilfully ran her fingers along its whole length meant I was only seconds away from ...
"CHAS! WHAT THE FUCK? " called Cheryl from the kitchen doorway.
"What the hell has it to do with you?" I snapped back angrily. "It's my birthday, my party, my ..."
"And what would mum or dad say if they came back?"
"Just keep it out," I snapped, equally annoyed, pointing to my nose.
Alex was justifiably upset. "Later," she told me quietly, "When children aren't around." She gave Cheryl a glare that would melt ice.
That spoiled the evening for me. It wasn't until the next day that Cheryl apologised. I'd had a long tiring day, studying, after the hectic day before. I was in my room watching TV to unwind before I called it a day.
Cheryl tapped politely before opening my room door. "I'm really sorry about what happened yesterday," she began, "I'd had a few drinks and I guess I got jealous."
"Jealous? You're my sister for god's sake, not my nanny." I was still angry.
"But Chas," she began, "We've been so close, so really close and I ...," Cheryl burst into tears, "And I, I, I ..." she stuttered, unable to form the words that were in her head. "Charles, I love you."
Only Cheryl used my Sunday name and even then when she was being totally serious, except mum and dad very occasionally and usually when I was in deep shit. "But you're my sister. It's wrong, totally wrong."
"Totally wrong to love you? Totally wrong to ... to ... to ... " Tears streamed down her face, "Totally wrong to look at you when you're in the shower, naked, toned, muscular, handsome? And yesterday, obviously aroused from looking at my best friend's tits and trying to look up her skirt? Wishing you were up there, letting her get you as horny as hell."
I stood, taking Cheryl gently in my arms. She buried her mascara streaked face against my chest, still sobbing. "I just hadn't realised how much I was hurting you."
She raised her head, "I may be your sister, Chas, but I'm a young woman, 100%, I have feelings and, to be brutally honest, when I see you in the shower and even with your shirt off in summer, I get horny. So horny sometimes I go to my bed and I have to relieve my horniness. Do you you understand now?"
I was silent for what seemed like an eternity. "Does anyone else know? I mean, you haven't spoken to Ellie about this?"
"Hell no, never. NO WAY. I'm not stupid." Cheryl paused only a few seconds. "I'm sorry, that came out all wrong. I wouldn't do anything that might hurt you."
I smiled. "That would explain you needing to use the bathroom more often when I'm in the shower. Do I really have that effect on you?"
Cheryl's face brightened. "Yes, and I must have the fastest, most flexible fingers in town."
"Really?"
"Really! Do you want to check me out?"
I lifted her chin, kissing her gently - an 'I'm sorry' kiss that quickly turned into much more. Eventually I had to break the kiss to take in air. "You were joking just then, surely?"
"So do you want to check out my digital dexterity?"
"That's the sister I know ... and love also. Eager to show me how she was always tops in English language at school."
We both laughed. "So?" Cheryl prompted.
"So, if you're eager to show me your 'digital dexterity', I'll close the door." I knew Ellie was out with her boyfriend and that mum and dad wouldn't budge from the telly until the movie was finished.
I didn't expect the slow striptease, nor did I expect to be told to 'sit down and watch'.
Despite Cheryl's college qualifications, the role of trainee assistant PA at a very average local business would bring in only a very modest salary. Even so, my sister spent a generous percentage of it on clothes and simply delectable lingerie. The laundry basket told its own story, but seeing the matching scant lacy bra and knickers temptingly peeled from their owner's body was very pleasant, very pleasant indeed. Seeing them laid on the floor, the owner now naked from chin to toes, was utterly fantastic.
Cheryl took the few paces to where I was now sat, peeled off my own sweatshirt, sat on my lap and demanded another kiss. Once satisfied that my pocket rocket also had her full attention she stood, allowing me to fully appraise her naked body before laying on the bed.
Would I describe her? Maybe I should. Cheryl would never be a model but could turn many heads. Her plain but beautiful face was spoiled temporarily with an assortment of streaked cosmetics. Her mid length, light brown hair was ruffled. I hadn't seen much of what lay below her chin, except the times when we'd gone swimming or sunbathed. Her breasts weren't quite symmetrical but nonetheless beautiful; small to medium sized, rounded rather than pointy, youthfully firm, quite dark areola and dusky pink nipples.
Now Cheryl would admit her liking for food although she wasn't fat, not too slim waist, cute butt; nicely rounded, quite prominent mound sprouting a slightly unkempt bush. It needed tidying and I promised myself I would talk her round to trimming it. Her legs, I suppose, were average, but toned as she loved walking.
For a while Cheryl just laid on the bed, head propped by my two pillows, idly tickling her skin before allowing a finger to lazily push through the partly untrimmed bush. Once her finger had reached its goal she shut her eyes, perhaps to conjure up a vision or fantasy, for one finger became two, slowly speeding their darting in and out of her pussy lips. Once in a rhythm however, her ministrations never stopped. Her breathing deepened, mouth open and an intense look appeared on her face, giving me doubt about the pleasure she was giving herself.
All of a sudden, with very little warning, her back arched and stiffened, her legs raised her butt several inches from the bed and her breathing came fast and laboured. She grunted, followed by a stream of incomprehensible sounds and her body shook from tip to toe. Very slowly her breathing slowed to normal, her body rested again on the bed cover and her eyes opened.
"That," said Cheryl, "Is what thinking about you does to me."
"No way, you mean ... just thinking?"
"All in my mind. Plus the frustration carried over from yesterday, just thinking about you."
"About me? Why?"
"Just about you, that's all. In the same way you get hard if a pretty girl shows enough bare flesh ... like gazing down her cleavage or trying to sneak a look up her skirt." Sarky bitch.
"But I don't have tits or tiny knickers."
"I should hope not," replied Cheryl with a broad smile. But you have muscles and a six pack and, " she pointed, "A VERY impressive bulge."
My face must have turned scarlet. I'd never before heard my sister being so overtly sexual. More was to come. "Really?" was all I was able to say.
"Really. Far more than any boy I've been with."
Although I'd been with several girls, rarely did it ever go further than kisses and a meaningful hug. I wasn't a virgin but I could count the number of times I'd fucked on the fingers of one hand. I guess I was more like my other sister, quiet and fairly shy.
"But now, Chas, I need to see it properly - not hanging down like when you're showering, but showing your true masculine worth." I must have looked stunned. "Or is it self-service? Do I have to peel you open myself?"
"I ... I ... I don't know. You're my sister and you shouldn't have done what you just did."
"Oh? And where's the rule book that says so?" She rose, still naked, from my bed. "For fuck's sake Chas, don't be a bore. I've shown you more than you'd see in a porn film, right here in your room." Her voice was a mix of annoyance and frustration.
My head was in a whirl, "OK, self-service then, but that's where it ends."
Cheryl wasn't going to wait to see if I'd bottle out. Before I knew it my jeans were down, quickly followed (but gently) by my underpants.
"Oh my god, this isn't real. Am I dreaming?"
No sis, no dream. I wasn't going to wake either and find this never happened. Now I'd be the last to brag about what nature had supplied me. Some guys were big, most were average, some needed a magnifying glass, but not me.
"You can touch if you want, but it stops there."
And that was where it did stop. It was clear in my mind that everything we did that evening was wrong, if not legally then morally. Cheryl wanted to jack me off and I refused. Things cooled and we left it where it was for the time being, admiring each other's body through the steamed glass of the shower cubicle.
***
I was early to the Bearded Badger but old Ted was already there and I ordered him a second pint. The Real Ale was good, much better than the mass produced beer down town.
"I brought one or two photos with me," began Ted, "Of my glamorous assistant as she was then."
Ted was right, "She's gorgeous."
"Right description, wrong tense," Ted corrected, "WAS gorgeous, but time has taken its toll." He took a long drink, "And she was my first hypnotic subject." He went on to describe how, for example, he'd put her in trance so she didn't move a muscle during the levitation illusions. Of course wires or other equipment kept her suspended, for no scientist had yet managed to conquer gravity.
"So what else did you do?"
"With the hypno stuff?"
"Oh various things, with members of the audience who'd been discreetly chosen before the show."
"I thought you magicians never used people planted in the audience, stooges, call them what you will."
Ted laughed, "Never EVER believe what a magician tells you. It's all about deception."
"That's not what I really meant. What else did you try with your wife? I mean, it must have been easy to talk her into doing whatever you wanted."
Ted laughed again, "You're young and probably often horny. That's not how it works, although doubtless some of the stories you hear have some elements of truth."
I smiled, "I guess I am. Probably watched some videos too."
"Although," continued Ted, with a twinkle in his eye, "Hypnosis creates a highly suggestible state, while still allowing the subject freedom of choice. They can be more easily be persuaded, if that's what they really want."
"So you two did ..."
Ted cut me off. "That's between me and my wife, but let's say hypnosis does make the body very relaxed and full of energy."
I kept Ted's thirst for this lovely beer regularly quenched. By the time pint #5 arrived he was in a better mood for disclosing some of his tricks, which didn't really matter as I was fast becoming his apprentice, though I had no desire to take over the magic shop he so dearly cherished. I also got good tips on how to improve, to my advantage, the hypno skills he was teaching me. He'd also taken the time to print out some tutorials from a professional website that I didn't have access to. It was an evening well spent.
***
I'd had a few weeks to reflect on my very up and personal encounter with my hormone fuelled sister. I didn't, at that point in time, have a girlfriend nor did Cheryl have a regular man to provide her hormones with a suitable fix. When mum and dad weren't around Cheryl would intentionally walk around wearing scant clothing. I allowed her kisses, I allowed her to rub up against me. This was not, I hasten to add, for my benefit but to show her the love that a brother should be able to give. Shit. Ignore that, I needed it too. Hell, I'll be honest, I enjoyed it as much as she did.
The kisses, behind closed doors, became more meaningful and the kick we both got was real. We were becoming very close, confiding little secrets, making more and more small talk to the extent that mum thought we were colluding on some despicable act. We went for walks in local woodland, holding hands like we were a couple. I made subtle hints about seeing smooth hairless pussy but never saw Cheryl attempting to shave in the shower, indeed the bush thickened as if the hair itself was trying to hide what I loved to see.
***
I called in the magic shop when I was in town to see if Ted had anything new that I could afford.
"I certainly have," he said, "And I've got samples of some close-up tricks you can do that would easily fit in a shoulder bag should you want to try the holiday magic we discussed."
"I've been researching the hypno tricks you mentioned. There seems to be some really fast ways of getting women into a trance."'Oh shit,' I thought, 'Did I just say women, not people? Ted must think I'd only one thing in mind.'
Ted chuckled. "I wondered how long a young lad like you could resist thinking about getting girls under your power."
"But it doesn't work like that, does it?" I knew Ted said they could be persuaded, but not forced.
"It depends how good you are. Some women are easily persuaded, especially if they're enjoying the experience."
"Like the tickle test?"
"That's one way," confirmed Ted.
The tickle test was when you told the woman she was being tickled all over, then allowed HER to decide where the tickles should be - her favourite place - then offer to get her to concentrate more and more.
"Look Chas, you've been a really good customer and really keen on magic, so I think I can trust you not to tell anyone." He reached under the counter, took out a dog-eared envelope and pulled out some creased old photos. "I haven't shown these to anyone for many years, and even then it was to men who had the same thoughts as me."
The first photo was of his wife, dressed as if in his stage show, except that the leotard or whatever costume was as skimpy as possible, clearly showing her nipples straining at the fabric and a very visible cameltoe down below.
"She wore this one time after I'd hypnotised her, as if - as I described to you - it was the levitation routine, and after I'd suggested to her some men in the audience were getting really aroused watching her, she found she was getting really horny too. That, as you might imagine, led to ... well I'll let you work that out for yourself."
"Wow, didn't she get annoyed with you for suggesting that?"
"My wife used to be a bit of a - how can I say - a bit of a show off. I knew that from when we first met. In her hypno-induced freedom of thought, I made it easy for her to express her true feelings."
"And you benefitted too. Yes, I can see how that would work." I paused, wondering if I should ask. "The other men you mentioned ..."
"I used to do magic at parties, mainly the close-up magic I've shown to you. Sleight of hand can really amaze people at parties and I made enough money to start up this shop."
"So where did the hypno stuff come in?" I was really curious.
"I was just coming to that. Having amazed them with the magic, I offered to do a bit of hypno stuff as well. It all started with the things you see on telly, but at some parties they wanted a bit more, something a bit more risqué." He took out the next photo. It was a picture of some lady, clothed, but with a look of intense pleasure on her face. "This is a photo someone gave me. One that he'd taken just as I'd made his girlfriend orgasm. No touches, just her mind running riot."
Ted hurriedly put the photos away as the tinkle of the shop's bell meant a customer was coming into the shop. Quietly he said to me, "I'll see you in the Badger, Friday, same time. OK?"
"Yes, fine. It's really good beer there too!"
I left the shop rather awkwardly, hoping that Ted's customer hadn't seen my tented trousers. I was a good way towards the bus station before my erection totally subsided.
I'd been to the ATM to make sure I'd enough cash to keep Ted supplied with the Devil's Nectar, a highly suitable name for the potent 5.5 ABV Real Ale at The Bearded Badger.
"My party tricks meant that I'd enough part time income to quit my office job," Ted continued from our interrupted earlier chat. He had more dog-eared photos. "Sometimes my wife came with me to the parties, so she knew what was going on. I think she wanted to convince people that I wasn't just some pervert getting my kicks, by getting involved too."
"So did you still do the magic?" I asked. I was starting to enjoy looking at his photos too, almost always taken by others, not him.
"Oh yes. I'll always be a magician at heart, but getting paid a much higher fee for the sexy stuff and repeat parties, I was doing very well for myself from the hypno tricks. I learned what worked and what didn't and I became very highly recommended."
"But surely you didn't dabble in the wife swapping stuff?"
"Hell no. I wouldn't have even if my wife wasn't there. But people enjoyed themselves and I reckon I made many couples very happy."
"Would you teach me a bit more? I asked.
Ted laughed. "So that's why you're keeping me in drinks?"
"No, no. Not at all."
"I was joking. Look, I'll have a word with my wife. She already knows I've got great admiration for you being so interested in magic."
"Sorry?"
"I'll ask her if she'll let me teach you, using her as a subject. That is if it's OK with you."
Honestly I could have kissed old Ted. This was beyond my wildest dreams.
***
The weekend proved to be very special. I'd started confiding in Cheryl much more and we were out walking in the woods the day after I'd been talking to Ted.
"You know how much I've enjoyed doing magic," I began as we walked along the footpath. "Well I called on the shop he owns and we were talking." I didn't mention the boozy chat in The Badger. "And I've decided to concentrate on close-up magic."
"That's a great idea, what you do is brilliant." Cheryl smiled the big smile she does so well.
"As well as that, Ted was talking about some hypno tricks that are great for parties if you can get people to volunteer."
Cheryl stopped in her tracks suddenly, causing our hands to jerk. "REALLY? Wow, that would be great."
"Pardon?"
Cheryl beamed another of her famous smiles. "The girls used to talk about it at college, a friend of one of my best friends knew a guy who did stage shows. It sounds great."
"A friend of a friend of whoever? A bit random."
"But she knew all about it and had it done to her one time. She said she felt fantastic."
"So did he get her doing silly things?"
"Well kind of. He got her to bark like a dog whenever he said 'walkies' and he got her to march on the spot faster and faster."
"Did she say anything about being tickled?"
"Yes, how did you know?"
"Lucky guess!"
Cheryl squeezed my hand hard. "How did you know?"
"Just something Ted mentioned, though he didn't say much."
"Neither did my friend, though I got the idea it was embarrassing."
I hardly dare ask why, but I did. "The tickling was so real she slightly peed herself."
I guessed that was some inherent female thing so I didn't ask further. I went quiet as we walked on.
"Hey, Chas," she prompted, "Go on, do tell me more."
"Hopefully I'm going round to see him and his wife. She was his assistant some while ago and he hypnotised her so she'd stay real still when he did the levitation trick."
"Is that all?"
"Well no. There were like mind reading illusions and other stuff. I'll know more after I go."
We walked on some more, Cheryl thinking and me trying to suss out what she was thinking about. Finally she stopped me, gave me a tug and backed me up to a tree trunk.
"Chas," she began, lowering her voice so that it was so sexy and sultry, "You will fill me in how you get on, won't you. About the hypno stuff."
"You're really hooked on this, aren't you?"
"Answer me."
"OK, but only if you tell me why."
"Not yet, but I will."
Before I'd chance to ask any more, Cheryl kissed me. Now this was no ordinary kiss, it was a lover's kiss, a deep and meaningful kiss, a kiss that sent urgent messages to my love pole. Her hips, her clothing-hidden pubis ground against my swelling making it feel as if it would burst. She murmured sounds that didn't need explanation. Her perfume divulged secret pheromones to my brain and my erection swelled further. I could taste her, I could smell her, I could sense the heat inside her and I could feel her oh so persistently moving against my fullness, a motion that never stopped, never even paused as we kissed for what seemed like forever.
And then ... and then suddenly came that very familiar pumping of my semen escaping in the only way it could. It was a waking wet dream, it was an unexpected but exhilarating, pleasant but embarrassing, uncontrollable wetness in my underpants.
"Oh shit," I exclaimed, pushing Cheryl away.
"What?" asked my sister.
"You've just made me cum in my pants," I said.
"You haven't, surely."
"I fucking well have."
Cheryl burst out laughing, nearly pissing herself, almost doubled in laughter. "Oops!"
"It's not funny."
"Couldn't you hold back?"
"You didn't give me much chance."
Cheryl finally stopped laughing, "Sorry!"
The walk back home was uncomfortable. Once there I got changed, the cause of the wetness still vividly invading my mind
Ted rang me the following day and we arranged a suitable evening for me to go round.
***
"Come in," said Ted. He introduced his wife, Heather, who seemed younger than him and probably less stressed than her husband, who had a business to run. The house was smaller than I expected given Ted's success with the shop, but the furniture and decor were good quality. Heather seemed a little shy and quiet at first, but Ted had already told her about my genuine and long term interest in magic.
"Thank you," I said, accepting Heather's home made cake which accompanied a large mug of tea. The cake was good.
"I've been telling Heather that you want to try some hypnosis to accompany your magic act," began Ted, "And that I'd mentioned our success at parties. She's agreed to let me demonstrate to you some of what we'd talked about." Heather smiled for the first time since greeting me. "And while she was a bit reluctant at first, I agreed I'd double check with her once she was in trance."
"What Ted hasn't said is that it's been quite a while since the magic parties," Heather added, "To be honest I've quite forgotten how good I felt afterwards. My main concern is that you don't take any photos."
It hadn't even entered my head, "No, I won't," I confirmed.
To begin with Ted put Heather in a deep trance, while explaining each part of the process. "It's much easier if your subject is willing and open minded," he added. I smiled as Ted applied imaginary tickles to Heather's tummy, arms, ribs, toes and feet, making the tickles sometimes very gentle, some times very intense.
"Heather, Chas is here and I need your permission, as you know, to teach him what we did at those parties. Are you OK?"
As if in a dream, Heather nodded, "Yes, I like Chas."
"Will you be willing to please Chas?"
"Yes OK, nice boy."
Apparently this had been similar to code phrases they'd used at parties.
"Now the tickles are slowly working up your legs, up your thighs, up to the secret places you like the best. Gentle tickles, persistent tickles. Increasing more and more. On your breasts too, over your breasts, around the sides, across and on your nipples, such perfectly pleasurable tickles." This, of course, hadn't been one rushed phrase. Ted had paused and repeated some words several times.
I could see the expressions on Heather's face, gently biting her bottom lip, then her mouth opening as she gasped at the effect the hypno aided messages her pleasure brain was sending.
"Softer tickles now, but still persistent and reminding you of all that pleasure you used to get."
Ted was letting time slowly pass, watching each expression of remembered pleasure on Heather's face. He explained to me that watching body language was important so the subject's arousal could also be in their control. "Between your legs, up inside your knickers, making that love juice flow gently between your pussy lips. Gently, persistently, feeling so relaxed, so utterly sexy." More time passed. Ted knew his wife very well and this was prolonged foreplay. He hardly ever stopped talking to her and with each word I could see her moving as if someone was actually touching in very intimate places. The words not only kept her deeply relaxed, but the imagined touches could be so very gentle it might be an angel or a ghost, a very friendly ghost, who was arousing her very gently.
"Can Chas take control?"
"Yes. Hand."
"So, Heather, every time Chas touches your hand your pleasure will double. If you want to finish, squeeze his hand." More codes, again giving Heather some choice.
"Yes."
At that point Ted's directions were simple, just to hold Heather's hand gently, let go, hold, until she squeezed. Each time, Heather's pleasure visibly increased and her face was a picture of bliss. Bit by bit her breathing deepened, her muscles began to tense, her throaty noises became louder. Then she gripped my hand and there could be nobody in the world who couldn't notice that she was building
She was tensing
She was buzzing inside
She was ohmygod
She exploded, in a stream of sounds no-one could interpret, in a huge shudder of pleasure, in the grip of one hell of an orgasm. Not releasing my hand but squeezing tighter until every pulse of pleasure had ceased.
"We'll leave her there," said Ted, "I've one or two more photos to show you."
They were Polaroid photos of mostly women and some men, of all ages, twenties to seventies, who were in the throes of orgasm, taken by either Ted or Heather or given to them afterwards.
Ted laughed, "The younger guys often came to a sticky end, the older guys not so much. All our volunteers ended the party with a smile on their faces, the spectators with a promise of happy time when they arrived home."
"So you didn't get in trouble with the law, or have losers hijacking the parties?"
"Everything was hush hush, circles of people who invited trusted friends."
"So how did it all start?"
"Like many good things, by accident. At a magic party, we tried one of the stage 'mind reading' acts and somebody, though I can't remember who, asked if, well, if I ever tried anything else with Heather. And, well ... "
"The rest just evolved," I added, "So what did you get out of it?"
"Put simply," he smiled, "The same as with you. Though occasionally ... I'd better not say. You might find out later." He was casting his eyes in the direction of my pleasure, my obvious swollen pleasure. I pretended not not notice, though my flushed face told all.
As we chatted I became more and more aware that there was more to old Ted than I thought, something he was not telling me.
"I think Heather has had a good rest," said Ted at last, and he counted Heater out of her trance.
She stretched and yawned, "Wow," she said, a big cheesy grin on her face, just like the proverbial cat that got the cream, "I'd really forgotten what that was like. You did well at the end Chas," she said, "And you didn't rush me,which was very thoughtful. When I wanted to cum, you let me. Sorry Chas if I squeezed too tightly."
I noticed that even in trance, Heather was aware of what was happening.
"And I know Chas enjoyed watching you, didn't you Chas?" added Ted.
What was the score here? Did old Ted want to embarrass me? I played along.
"Well yes, very much, but it was kind of frustrating."
Heather laughed, "You're young. I remember when I was young - all those hormones racing around. These days the hormones just crawl and have days off."
Whatever shyness Heather had when I arrived seemed to vanish. I just smiled.
"I'll understand if you say no, but, how can I put it? Ted's little session just now has left me missing what I used to get at our parties, you see Ted has a little difficulty, following an accident he had some years ago, and he can't properly make love to me. You're young and horny and it would please me so much if ... if ..."
I could tell this was awkward for Heather and I had a good idea what she was trying to ask. In the end my faithful pocket friend made the decision for me. "You want me inside you?"
Heather beamed a big, big smile. "It would mean a lot to me."
"And Ted?"
"Ted knows you well and wouldn't have asked you here if he didn't trust you."
"So I make love to you here?"
"You fuck me, no love involved; it's purely for pleasure. And if Ted could watch ... please?"
I knew I owed a lot to old Ted, his help, his encouragement. "OK." There, the one word was out; a small word that meant a lot.
"But maybe you're not fully ready, and you were so patient with me. Come, sit here."
Heather stood, patted the seat of the very comfortable recliner she'd occupied. The next few minutes passed far too quickly and I wished they'd lasted forever. Heather did a very sexy striptease and despite trying to get it out of my mind, I couldn't. Heather was a similar age and build to mum and I know I'd had thoughts about mum which I'm sure go through many teenage boys minds. Her body, like mum's, was fit and still shapely - in fact probably more so - and her general looks could still turn heads. As she teasingly stripped I began to firm up and, nestled inside a comfortable but stylish bra was a pair of small to medium sized breasts that hadn't sagged as much as larger breasts would do.
I allowed Heather to remove my jeans and underpants, to a gasp of delight.
"My," she said, "Wow, you're certainly blessed young man."
As my baby-making pole sprang fully to attention and ready for action Heather gently caressed it. Obviously well practised and Heather seemed as if she wanted to fully worship it.
"This, young man, is the largest, plumpest cock I've ever seen and I want it fully inside me." She spent several minutes of gently stroking and keeping it to its fullest capacity and, believe me, I could have laid back and enjoyed it all evening. All the while old Ted was watching, his minimal member now exposed through his fly. Small it may have been, but Ted was working it as if it was many times bigger. By now Heather had coaxed quite an amount of pre-cum and she slipped my foreskin easily back and forth. With the head fully exposed she began to gently move her finger on the slippery pre-cum, something which felt both good but at the same time very tender. The sensitivity of the uncovered head was far too much and she sensed that I wasn't enjoying it.
It seemed most practical that she presented herself, doggy like, on the carpet. Heather drew in her breath as I eased inside. From what I'd heard I expected very little resistance from an older woman, but although Heather's love tube was well greased, she was quite tight. OK, OK, so I'm not going to bang on about being hung like a horse as it would be an exaggeration but my relatively few experiences had brought compliments rather than complaints and, from the reaction of Heather, it seemed she would be happy too.
"Gently, it's been a while," said Heather, as I picked up momentum. I looked across at Ted, making the most of what little he had. If this was the result of an 'accident', I reckoned Ted had probably been stuck with it since birth. The hypnosis, the adults-only magic parties, the photos, all pointed to one thing ... one tiny and usually shrivelled thing. Ted had been using hypnosis to always ensure his wife's needs were fulfilled.
"Faster Chas, faster," enthused Heather(make up your mind woman)it's good. Fuck me harder, I want to cum hard for you."
A grunt from Ted, shooting his own satisfaction on to his open hand. Strangely - and believe me I'm not gay - this gave my thrusts even more momentum, heading swiftly to depositing my own cum deep within Heather. Her own breaths became panting as she too reached her second goal.
***
Back at home I was quietly reflecting on the evening, sat in my room, turning everything over in my mind. I enjoyed the hypnosis; I've quite a good memory and the whole process was now clear in my mind. I enjoyed the fuck, more than I care to admit and I really enjoyed the whole experience. The magic parties surely helped Ted and Heather, as well as the others at the party. Was this a form of wife swapping? Was it a low key orgy? Did both Ted and Heather get their kicks there? Lots of questions, no real answers. Ted wanted me to try hypnotising Heather on my next visit the week after. A week to read, remember, learn.
The week passed. I learned more. I hypnotised Heather then I fucked her. The following week I did the same again and it was like Vesuvius erupting. At the magic shop we talked about magic and Ted was very generous letting me have equipment I could never dream of affording. The fourth week my skills enabled Heather to go much deeper into trance. With Ted's help I was becoming very skilled as he taught me short cuts and cheats. I fucked Heather slow but hard. The regular visits and Ted hypnotising me were enabling me to last much longer. At each visit he simply watched and wanked.
***
"How are the magic classes going?" asked Cheryl.
"Great, I've learned a lot."
"And the hypnosis coaching?" my sister continued.
"Yes, fine, no problems." I'd a good idea where this was leading.
"Oh come on, Chas. You're not getting away with half answers," Cheryl persisted. "How did it really go?"
"We've had four sessions, the first for Ted to teach me, the second, third and fourth were when I hypnotised his wife all on my own."
"And?" Cheryl was very much in enquiry mode.
"And what?"
"Don't just give me a load of bollocks Chas. What did you do?"
"I've got two perfectly good ones, thanks."
"Charles!"
"I gave her a fuckin' orgasm," I spat out. Every time. Now leave it. "
"You gave her orgasms? You made her cum just by talking to her?"
"Well no, I touched her hand too."
"While it was rubbing her clit?"
"No, she was just sat normal, on a chair. "
"But hypnotised?"
"Yes. Now leave it."
"Oh no, Charlie boy. Will this work with anyone?"
"Most people, yes. And DON'T call me Charlie boy."
"So it would work with me?"
"Probably. Go find a hypno-perve to fix it for you."
I knew, I just knew my sister would talk me into it. Her kisses like honey, her touch like the finest silk, her promise that I'd be rewarded, I was a weak willed male only too ready to succumb to her charms. When she'd finished sucking me off I was putty in her hands, and she swallowed every last drop.
"Just lie back and relax, Cheryl. Breathe slowly and deeply and close your eyes whenever you're ready."
"Floating on a cloud."
"Deeper and deeper."
Fuckin' hell, it worked first time. My beautiful, sexy, zapped out sister ready to obey me.
"Every time we're alone, you'll have thus irresistible urge to suck me off." No, strike that, better not push it. The subject could not be forced into doing things. But, I remembered, the subject could be persuaded.
"Every time you want your clit cleaning, you'll remember my tongue is available to you." There, that's an offer, not an order. Hmmm, "And you'll find it very pleasant for me to soap your back and breasts when you're in the shower." OK, two of my fantasies taken care of. Now the real task:
"Relax deeper, and as you relax you'll feel a tiny tickling feeling, like a hundred tiny feathers all over you. Soon, you'll awake and every time I say 'feather' the tickles will increase. When I say 'torture' the tickles will become ones you can't stand, like on your feet. When I say 'pleasure' they will become very pleasant, very nice indeed."
That, and a few more commands would be embedded deep in Cheryl's subconscious (I hoped). I was about to bring Cheryl out of trance when I remembered something old Ted had said.
"Cheryl, whenever I touch you on the shoulder, like this, and I say the words 'it's a kind of magic' you'll immediately go onto tickle mode. When I say 'feather' or 'torture' or 'pleasure' you will respond without question. Nod if you understand. Cheryl nodded, smiled, and the word 'pleasure' formed on her lips.
This was going to be fun.
Cheryl woke, yawned, smiled and stretched, "Wow, I feel great. That's fantastic Chas, I'm so relaxed and hyped up.
"A bit like feather tickles all over you?" Cheryl touched the side of her waist, rubbed the fabric of her blouse and gave a puzzled look. "It's only a feather, Cheryl, but it could soon become torture, real torture."
"What the fuck have you done, you little rat," she exploded, tickles, including her feet, not knowing where to itch next.
"Nothing. If tickles torture you then it's not my fault."
"Oooh, he hehe, nooo, it's to much, stop it."
"Hmmm, you want pleasure tickles instead."
"Ohhh! that's nice."
"Where do you want you pleasure tickles? Hmmm? Pussy pleasure?"
"Hell, Chas, oh hell, that's divine. How do you do that?"
"The pleasure tickles? The real PLEASURE tickles? It's easy." I touched her hand, "More?"
Cheryl closed her eyes, "Ohhhh!" I touched her hand again. "Ohhhh Chas, what are you doing?"
Her voice was the softest, sexiest, voice I'd ever heard. I touched her hand again, "When you're ready to cum, just squeeze my hand."
"No Chas, not yet. I want to ..."
"You want MORE PLEASURE? Sure."
Cheryl lay on my bed, eyes alternating between rolling upwards then eyelids closing. Her mouth opened, tongue licking her lips. Her thighs rubbed together, squeezed as if she wanted to offset a pee. I touched her hand.
"Oh yes. Oh please. Oh Chas, darling darling Chas. Don't make me cum yet, this is just bliss."
"I'm here. Just say 'more' when you need to." This was having as much effect on me as on Cheryl. Power to have a girl writhing in utmost pleasure was power indeed. Then I saw Cheryl's hand push her skirt up, touch the gusset of her knickers, her damp pink micro knickers, her wet knickers. Had she peed herself? "NO, Cheryl, NO TOUCHING."
After I threatened to reinstate the irritating tickles Cheryl quickly stopped touching herself. Instead she felt for my hand, holding then squeezing it. "I need to cum, please."
I took my hand away, "I think I'll make you wait."
"Then I'll do it my way," she said, digging two fingers into the indent already made in the gusset of her knickers, pushing hard and starting to rub.
"Torture." Instantly her feet ticked, her underarms tickled and a ticklish dig under her ribs persuaded her that she'd better change her mind. "Pleasure" made her decide she'd better obey.
"PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE Chas."
I took pity, echoing 'pleasure' and letting her grip my hand until ...
"Oh fuck, FUCK, FUCK, ohmygod." Cheryl's body tensed, her back arched and she sailed high into oblivion, even passing out for a few moments as a massive orgasm sailed through her.
It was several minutes before Cheryl came back to earth. She opened her eyes, got off the bed with wobbly legs.
"I fucking love you," she said, clamping her arms around me and drawing me into deep, loving kiss which went on and on and on. "There's only one way I can repay you for giving me such a humongous cum." Taking my hand she pulled me to the bed. I didn't need a guide book, I didn't need further instructions. Off came her knickers, down came my jeans and underpants.
Laid on the bed there, legs open wide made me wonder if it was OK to enter my sister. Was it illegal? Immoral? I didn't know.
"Chas, please I need you. I want you. Please."
There was no doubt now that Cheryl wanted my magic wand stuffed inside her. After I entered her there was a gasp but not much else. I plunged my missile further into my sister; she wanted it and god I wanted it. Words weren't needed, and the hypnotic help that old Ted had given helped me hold off. As my piston strokes became faster and longer, more sure that they wanted so much to plunder her depths, so my sister reacted. She was beginning to push against me, our body motions becoming finely tuned. Her hands, her nails, pushed into my back as her pleasure heightened. Finally my cum gun unloaded a bucketful into my sister's welcoming love cave followed almost instantly by her own climax.
Now it was over. I'd done what many guys my age could only dream about. I'd fucked my sister, fast and hard and we'd both enjoyed every second.
***
Epilogue:
It's now quite a while since I wrote down how a long sexual relationship with my sister had started.
Much happened before Cheryl and I took a holiday to Ibiza and my mischievous side played out whenever we were in mixed company. Lol, even in the presence of my uncle - dad's brother - who'd had his eyes fixed on Cheryl almost from the moment she sprouted tits. Both he and my aunt were over one Sunday for tea when I whispered 'it's a kind of magic' in Cheryl's ear followed by a mix of torture and pleasure. She really shouldn't have been wearing a micro skirt because she really couldn't decide whether to open or rub her legs together. I reckon uncle might have had a stiffie all the way home.
In Ibiza, a couple of weeks after that, during the fortnight there we toured as many bars as we could, Cheryl as my glamorous magic assistant, allowing herself to be hypnotised so that she could hold perfectly still during the levitation illusion, but, in trance, performing impossible predictions and mind reading stole the show.
We got invited, several evenings, back to alcohol fuelled couples' apartments and hotel rooms. Back at our own hotel we fucked like sex-starved rabbits, several times most nights for two weeks. That, and the odd times late evenings on moonlit beaches.
Cheryl decided, after a long discussion back at home, that holiday magic wasn't for her. I packed in with the low paid boring work I'd been doing, booked a flight back to Ibiza and I became a travelling magician on the island. I started doing the occasional xxx hypnotist shows which made me enough money to buy my own home, the shows booked up so quickly I agreed for them to become regular. Cheryl visits me from time to time and during the short low season in Ibiza I return home to England.
I love my new career in Ibiza. You may have heard of me.'Rocky - the XXX hypnotist show.'