The summer before my senior year of college was the best time of my life. I stayed at school to take a summer class to keep up on credits. The class was a basic physics class for non-engineering majors. I just needed some science credits and "Physics for Poets," as it was unofficially titled, fulfilled some requirements without much effort. I had already taken physics in high school, so the class was largely a review for me.
My off-campus house was leased for the full year, so it really wasn't costing me much to stay at school. Since I was only taking one class, I was also able to work pretty much full time. That enabled me to keep my bank balance at what I needed for the next school year and still have some money for entertainment over the summer. The situation was almost ideal.
What also made the situation ideal is that my girlfriend was a local "townie." Her house was about a 10-minute drive from me. Even with my job and class, I had plenty of time on my hands. Chloe was kind of a butterface, but she was sexy as hell. She was about 5'3", 115 lbs, half-Asian with long dark hair. Her hot 21-year-old body was in great shape with beautiful, firm b-cups and a tight ass. She kept a nice dark landing strip around her tight, perpetually wet pussy. Best of all: She LOVED to fuck! At that age, that was my number one criterion for a girlfriend. She would come over most nights to hang out. If she stayed over, we'd fuck at least 2 or 3 times. If she didn't, we'd just fuck once or twice. She'd always cum at least once (at least that's what she told me) and her pussy was always soaking wet--especially when I could feel it tighten around my cock as she grew more excited. Her favorite position was when she laid flat on her stomach and I fucked her from behind. She loved when I went balls deep and filled her all the way. Since she was on the pill, I always fucked her bare. Sometimes she'd ask me to cum on her, sometimes she'd tell me to cum inside her. Afterwards, we'd sleep soundly, naked and entwined.
What a summer! My free time was spent working out, hanging out with my friends, smoking weed, drinking beer, and fucking Chloe. Most of the remaining time was spent working--and that didn't suck, either. I landed a job with a pool company servicing the private pools in the upscale neighborhoods in the hills above campus. While I wouldn't call it exciting, this job was much less dull than many other summer jobs. It wasn't challenging, but there was variety throughout the day. I traveled to different homes in the company van throughout the day to test chemicals, clean pools, and perform small repairs. I had a pool at home, so I knew how everything worked. Best of all: I wasn't couped up inside all summer.
My favorite stop became the Coppola's house. Mrs. Coppola was probably in her late 30's and still pretty hot after two kids. She was Italian/Greek looking with olive skin and thick, dark curly hair. She was about 5'2", voluptuous, with big c-cup tits that looked great on the few occasions she was wearing a one-piece bathing suit when I arrived. I don't know why, but I have always found the right one-piece bathing suit to be sexier than bikinis. She looked fantastic with her dark hair contrasting with her white one-piece struggling to support her gorgeous breasts. The compression of her swimsuit against her still youthful breasts produced amazing cleavage. She didn't try to look younger than her age. She was just a naturally sexy, sweet, feminine woman. She was always there alone when I came to service the pool. Her husband was at work and her kids were at camp.
The summer really got interesting after I had been on the job about three weeks. One day when I arrived at the Coppola's house, Mrs. Coppola greeted me as I entered the back gate. She wasn't dressed to swim, so she apparently was waiting for me. I had smoked a little weed before I left my previous stop so she caught me a little by surprise.
"Hi Peter. I'm glad you're here. I was in the pool last night and my earring fell off. It's in the deep end. Could you get it for me?" She said.
"Sure, I'll get the net." I replied.
"No," She said. "It's too delicate. Otherwise, I would have done that myself. Can you jump in and get it?"
"I don't have a swimsuit on."
"Don't you have one in the van?"
"No, I don't keep one in there."
"Well, Mike's suit will be way too big and the boys' suits definitely won't fit you."
"I get kinda grossed out wearing other guys' trunks anyway."
"Ugh. I really want to get that earring before it gets damaged or sucked in the drain. It's pretty expensive. Could you go in in your underwear? I won't look."
"Then they'll be wet all day and I don' t like going commando."
She laughed. She thought for a moment and said cautiously: "Well... Would you think it was weird if I said you could go in naked? I'll go inside. Nobody can see back here."
She was right--nobody could see into the back yard. They were on a cul-de-sac and the house backed up to the woods. Tall arborvitaes surrounded the yard and pool area providing near total privacy. There was just one window on the side of the house next door that might be able to see a little, but it was pretty far away. I have always been an exhibitionist so it disappointed me when she said she would go inside. Could I talk her into staying without seeming super creepy? Fuck it. The weed eliminated any inhibition I might have otherwise had. What did I care? She was the one that went down this road. I had been going there for weeks now and I trusted Mrs. Coppola. She was cool as shit and very sweet.
"Actually, you should stay out here just in case something happens. I don't care if you see me naked. At home boys swim naked sometimes. It doesn't bother me." I said it so nonchalantly.
That was a massive understatement. I loved being naked in front of any woman that was somewhat attractive. It was electric. I don't know why. I think it's common for men.
"Yeah, us too." She said. "My brother used to take swimming lessons at the Y and they'd all be naked--including the instructor. We'd all be in there for pickup like it was nothing. I think I saw his entire class naked at some point." She laughed.
"Ok, cool." I acted like it was no big deal, but my heart and mind were racing.
Mrs. Coppola followed me over towards the house where there was a table and chairs. I put the supplies I was carrying on the ground. I kicked off my shoes and removed my socks. Then, I reached behind my head, pulled off the pool company t-shirt, folded it, and placed it on the table. Mrs. Coppola didn't expect for me to just immediately strip down. I don't think she had intended to stay and watch but rushing off now would seem awkward. I would be naked in about 10 seconds anyway. As I undid my belt, I think she was surprised that I wasn't shy and didn't strip down right next to the pool so that I could jump in immediately. I stepped out of my shorts and placed them folded neatly on the table. The outline of my penis was clearly discernable in my black boxer briefs. I was on display as I arranged my clothing. Mrs. Coppola gave a nervous grin as I inserted my hands in the sides of my underwear and slid them down--watching her the whole time. The elastic rode down my semi-hard cock, which sprung out after the band cleared the head of my penis. After I let them drop to the ground, I casually stepped out of them. I took my time picking them up and placing them neatly with the rest of my clothes. She hadn't even shown me where the earring was yet and I was boldly standing naked before her. I made no attempt to cover myself with my hands or anything else.
"OK, where did you drop the earring?" I asked.
Mrs. Coppola answered but wouldn't look at me when she spoke. "Come on, I'll show you."
"Mrs. Coppola, it's ok. I'm not embarrassed. I'm sure you've seen a penis before," I said jokingly.
"You're right. I just don't usually watch men undress. Sorry. I don't know why that matters."
"No, I get it. It's almost like I was stripping for you."
"Yes!" she exclaimed laughing.
"It's ok. I don't mind. I just don't have any music." I quipped with a laugh. I still just stood in front of her. Now, she was looking at me again.
She glanced down directly at my cock, then looked up at me with a knowing smile. "You must have a happy girlfriend." She remarked.
"I try." I replied.
Mrs. Coppola pointed to where she thought the earring was. I stood naked on the diving board as I looked where she was pointing. It was almost like I was posing for a class. I could see she was looking at me as I spotted the earring and dove into the water. As I reached the bottom of the pool, I deliberately did not pick up the earring.
After I came to the surface I said, "I think I felt it. Let me see." I swam over to the ladder on the side of the pool where Mrs. Coppola was standing. As I climbed out, she could see my arm, shoulder, and chest muscles as well as my toned stomach as I climbed the ladder. I had an athletic but not super bulky build. I also have a nice-looking penis if I may say so myself. It's circumcised, larger than average, and very well proportioned.
I stood on the diving board again for the benefit of Mrs. Coppola, pretending to be spotting the earring. Mrs. Coppola watched and smiled. She appeared calm, but I could tell she was enjoying this without going full on cougar. This time I retrieved the earring and swam towards the stairs.
"Let me get you a towel." She said as I came to my feet in the shallow end. She seemed like she was going to wrap me as soon as I walked up the steps like she would her children.
"That's ok. I'm fine." I walked over to her and handed her the earring. "I'll just clean the pool while I dry off, if that's ok."
"I don't mind. I think you're really proud of that thing." She said lightheartedly as she nodded toward my penis.
"Maybe I am." I said in a pleasantly, but almost defiantly.
"You should be." Now she had a big grin. I was already feeling the pressure of blood rushing in to stiffen my cock. Now she watched as it grew harder and harder. Within 20 seconds it was standing straight up and rock hard.
"Wow. Ok, well I have things to do inside." Mrs. Coppola went in the house while I cleaned the pool naked. Even without the audience, I loved how the warm sunshine and soft breezes felt on my naked body. She came out with an iced tea for me about 45 minutes later as I was putting everything away.
"I was wondering if you'd still be naked." She said giggling. "You must like it."
"I do. It feels amazing to feel the elements all over. What's the hurry? You already saw everything anyway." After a brief pause, I continued: "The question is: Did you like it?"
"What woman wouldn't enjoy watching a handsome young man clean her pool in the nude?" she said slyly.
"Thanks." I said with a nod. After I put away the vacuum equipment and finished my iced tea, I put my clothes back on and said goodbye to Mrs. Coppola. It was a buzz kill to get dressed again but I had other pools I had to service. Besides, I don't think this is the last Mrs, Coppola will see of me.