It was dark, and late at night, so there were no security guards, but there were a few people still at the beach, and several lamp posts so he could see her glistening ripe young cunt. There were others on the beach, men, that had stopped to watch, smoking something, not daring to come nearer - and he didn't care, and hoped she wouldn't either. Her back was to them, so she didn't see, but she had to be aware that they weren't alone. His cock hardened unbelievably further at the thought of them seeing her on him, fucking him, with him, and pre-cum was gathering as her petite but skilled hands were pumping him just as he had taught her.
He had been her first kiss, first everything, but she had said 'no love' from the very beginning. And he was more than happy to comply- at the beginning.
Pushing those thoughts from his mind, he focused on her hands and what flipping her dress up had revealed to him. Thinking about the men watching, wanting to give them a show, he reached up and pulled the dress up and over her head, throwing it to the side, leaving her completely naked. He saw one of the men move closer, and immediately put a strong arm around her, bringing her closer and staring at the man with a dark warning in his eyes.
Watching was fine, but he wouldn't let anybody else touch her, and nor would she. He didn't know how she felt about it actually, knew that she was okay with watching since she initiated, but didn't know what she would say if they wanted to participate. She hadn't said anything to him, but he knew that he didn't want anyone near her; she wasn't his and nor was he hers, because that wasn't them to belong to each other, they weren't in love, or anything equally asinine. But he didn't want anybody else to touch her, ever. Ignoring how that last word slipped from his subconscious, he pushed all thoughts away and focussed on the very naked and equally beautiful woman on top of him. Groaning at the way her body writhed in lust, he found her lips and roughly, as though eating her, kissed at her lips, a stark contrast to his earlier worship, but not any differently intense. Both beautiful and hungry in their own merit, albeit fuelled by different emotions.
He loved the jealousy in the other man's eyes, as he realised he would not participate, and that the beautiful woman was all his. He sat her up on his thighs, exposing her more fully to the lustful eyes on the beach, and suddenly wanted to confirm with her that this was alright. He had assumed, but... "Is this okay?" his voice and direction of his eyes made it clear that he was talking about their audience, rather than what they were about to do, and she replied with heat in her eyes, "I don't care... I kind of like it actually." Her eyes lit up with mischief as she gripped his dick tighter with both hands, "And you do too, apparently."
He growled, painfully turned on, and reached up and pinched her right nipple hard in retaliation. "Of course I do, slut," he amplified his voice so their audience would hear, and he knew she loved it, because his hand at her entrance became significantly more drenched. She was the horniest girl he had ever met, and he was never going to complain.
He had had enough of the teasing, though, and from the look in her eyes, she did, too, so he shoved her hands away from him, and grabbed himself, looking into her eyes for permission, still after all this time. With her confirmation, he sighed in relief and aligned himself with her filthy wetness. Then grabbing both her legs beneath her knees, he lifted her and slammed into her, groaning as he felt enveloped by the hot tight silk of her pussy. She was panting loudly after the initial gasp caused by his entrance, and he revelled in it.
"Louder bitch, show everyone how much of a whore you are for me," he said not only for her ears, but mainly because she had become unbelievably more wet and the sounds they were making with her wet cunt were taking up the space on the beach. He could hear her moans get louder, real not artificial, because nothing she did was ever fake. She would never be anything but unapologetically who she was, and he was just so fucking lucky that it was him she had chosen to be with, at least in the way that they were. She was bouncing on his cock, glorious, sweat dripping beautifully, looking every bit the lioness she had been when they had first met, her body exposed unashamedly to those lustful eyes, and her moans grew louder and started begging, "Please, please," he loved fucking her, there was nothing else like it. It encompassed his very being, and etched irreversible things into his soul- he was forever changed by her, but damned if he let her know.
Whispering filthy things now just for her in her ear, he reached down between them and gently stroked above her clit, contrasting the brutal way his dick was pounding into her. He knew exactly what she liked and what she needed, how sensitive her clit was, how to coax the most satisfying and elongated orgasm from her body, how the juxtaposition of his worshiping body and degrading words turned her engine, how similarly his gentle hands versus his mad cock were driving her mad.
And likewise she knew him: knew exactly how and when to squeeze her inner muscles and intensify his orgasm, to wrench every single drop of cum from his body and squeeze him dry, how to bite his neck when he was getting close, and pause and pull back to edge and frustrate him, knowing he would cum better for it.
And just like that they came together, like a perfectly timed symphony; she would always be his perfect lover, and he hoped he was hers (although, being first, he undoubtedly was, but he didn't want to think about when she would move on to other, better humans). Halfway through coming, he decided he wanted to see himself on her, proprietary as it was, he couldn't stop that instinctual need to mark her, couldn't stop feeding that beast that she always seemed to awaken, that small primitive part of him that she owned.
He pulled out and spurted on her stomach, using his hand to pump every last bit of him onto her, without her cunt to squeeze it out. He felt his cum leaking out of her onto him, and felt a final jolt and spasm of arousal as he used one hand to messily spread what was coming out of her into her vagina, and push it back into her by fingering her, her chin on his neck. He used the other hand to massage the drying cum onto her stomach, wanting her to carry him with her at least until she got home. His fingers moved back and forth in and out of her, soothingly rubbing her g-spot until she came again with a loud cry as he suckled and bit on her nipple. This coated his hands once more in his own cum, along with hers now and he brought his hand up, and pushed it into her mouth; her tongue came out to lick and suck it all off, but before she could swallow, he kissed her so they both tasted of each other, together. Spent, he still moaned at their taste and they wrapped each other securely in each other's arms as they hungrily joined lips.
Eventually, they calmed and looked at each other, with an intensity neither were comfortable with, so she merely hopped off him and retrieved her dress, while he pulled up his jeans and buttoned his shirt, once again, with mismatched holes to buttons.
They held hands and left their spot, both completely having forgotten their previous audience, neither caring, both once again lost in their thoughts after a mere momentary reprieve.