It was a fairly straightforward question.
"How many cocks do you think you can handle in a row?"
"Vaginally, you mean?" Evelyn asked in return.
"Correct."
Evelyn took a moment to think. She wanted her answer to be as precise and measured as possible. After all, she wanted to be here. More specifically, she had chosen the services ofD & S Envyto find something suitable for her.
What she hadn't anticipated was the litany of sexually based questions. They were a complete surprise. Evelyn was a grad student for an elite Art institute. Like many young people in their mid-20's, Evelyn still hadn't found her footing in life. All she knew was that she loved fashion and art. If she could find a career combining both interests, which provided a livable wage, it would be a blessing.
This pursuit was something of a side gig. It might boost her resume, since this organization was well known in certain art circles. So she spent some time pondering the answer to the question: How many cocks could she handle in a row?
Evelyn tried to think of an honest answer while the lady in the thick framed glasses glared at her. It seemed odd that such a refined person had asked a lewd question. Her attention was drawn to a painting that hung above the woman. It was a well done copy of a Picasso which featured several naked women.
"Maybe three I'm guessing," Evelyn said, as she stared at the painting. "That's just a guess. And it depends on how long they last."
Evelyn only answered honestly because she figured it might have been some bizarre test of her ability to handle stress. After all, fashion work can be quite difficult, more so than people realize.
The woman took notes. "So, if they were quick, perhaps you could handle more?"
"Probably."
"Excellent," the woman said, while taking more notes.
Evelyn shifted in her seat. "Is there a reason you're asking me these questions? I mean, is it relevant to anything?"
"That depends."
"On?"
The woman put the clipboard down and took off her glasses. "I know you're looking for a standard modeling gig. Perhaps something where you just stand around and look pretty. I can easily provide that for you. You're attractive and confident; those are important qualities."
"Thank you."
"But I have something else in mind for you."
Evelyn slowly nodded, and tried to figure out where the woman was headed. "Well, I'm open to any suggestions."
"Are you comfortable with sex?"
Was this really a question?
"I try to be. I mean, I'm open minded, if that's what you're asking."
The woman resumed taking notes. "Wildest thing you've done? Sexually speaking."
"Is this really necessary?"
"Absolutely, if you want this particular gig."
"Can you at least tell me about it first?" Evelyn asked.
"Not unless you're deemed qualified. It's a highly exclusive affair."
Evelyn composed herself. "I've had a sort-of threesome."
"Sort of?"
"It was during my sophomore year of college... with my ex-boyfriend and his roommate. It was crazy and none of us really knew what we were doing."
"Do you ever think about participating in something like that again?"
"I won't answer that unless you tell me more about this job," Evelyn huffed, trying to be more assertive. "These questions are intrusive, maybe even illegal."
The woman gave a long pause and then, a fake smile. "Thank you for coming. I'll forward my notes and your information to my boss. If she agrees with my assessment, maybe she'll contact you. However, I can't make any guarantees."
"Oh, well, okay, thanks for your time."
Evelyn stood awkwardly and debated whether or not to shake hands with this rude woman. Nonetheless, good manners are a virtue and so Evelyn extended her hand. The woman stood, grasped her hand and shook it firmly.
***
About two weeks had passed and Evelyn hadn't heard anything in regards to that interview. It was still very confusing though. Initially, she thought she had impressed the woman. Then she got the boot.
Life moved on and Evelyn went about her humdrum student life. She focused on her classes and obsessively looked for internships or opportunities on the side. There were a few things, but none that paid or were suitable for an academic schedule.
One night, after going out to the theater with friends, Evelyn crashed in bed with her laptop and checked her social media updates. It was all the usual stuff and she noted a few emails as well. One in particular, caught her eye. She was shocked to see that it was from the company, whose interview she thought she had blown.
She opened the message entitled: Job Offer
Ms. Evelyn Hayes,
You reached out to our company a while ago. I looked at your portfolio and I may have something for you. It pays extremely well. But money shouldn't be your primary motivator. This job is highly unusual. If you accept this offer, it should be for the unique life experience. And I can assure you, it will be life changing. I suspect you'll be interested in hearing the details of this offer.
Contact me and we can arrange something.
Laura,
Director of D & S Envy
Even though she had mentally cursed these people, and swore to never speak with them again, Evelyn nearly jumped out of her bed. She was beyond excited. She sat upright and immediately worked on her response. Hopefully, the Director was still online and would give an instant reply.
She fired off an email that expressed her interest, carefully crafted so that she didn't appear desperate, and hoped for the best.
It wasn't long before she received a reply, which was brief and curt.
I'm assuming you're at home. I'm at work and can have someone pick you up in 30 minutes. Interested? Answer immediately.
She checked the time. It was 9:54 pm, and it struck her as odd that the Director of the company wanted to meet with her late. What the hell was this about, anyway?
But the fact remained that people in the art world, whom Evelyn knew and respected, had frequent contact with this group. And if it was good enough for them, it was good enough for her. So she replied saying she was interested. Immediately, she received a response informing her that a driver would arrive in 30 minutes.
Now the main question was, what was should she wear? Setting the laptop aside she went straight to her closet and looked for the right ensemble. She wanted to showcase her fashion sense without overdoing it.
Finally, Evelyn settled on tight blue jean pants, a white button down shirt, and a thin sleek black jacket. For panache, she chose a pair of silver strappy heeled shoes. She put on a few touches of makeup; not enough to look glamorous, but not so little that she looked plain. After looking in the mirror, she knew the right balance had been struck for the impromptu night time meeting.
The whole process took longer than she thought, and 20 minutes later, she left her small apartment and waited in the downstairs lobby for her ride to arrive.
Sure enough, a black Mercedes soon pulled into the parking lot. She exchanged identification with the driver and after everything checked out, she entered the black car.
Looking out the window, she felt incredibly nervous as they passed through the city. Minute by minute, the buildings became smaller until eventually, the car left the city limits.
They drove through a neighborhood with which Evelyn was unfamiliar. It wasn't long until they turned into the driveway of their destination. It was a country club, which required the driver to enter passcode so that the car could proceed through the gates.
Evelyn wondered where this night would lead. As the car pulled up to the entrance of the lavish building, she knew this was a major opportunity for her.
"Hang on a second," the driver said as he parked in front. "Let me text the boss that you've arrived."
The driver texted the Director, and a few seconds later, he received a response.
"You can go inside now," he said, kindly. "I'll park around the corner. When you're done, I'll be here to take you home."
"How long do you think this will take?" Evelyn asked.
"I don't know. An hour maybe. It's just an interview."
"Thank you. I appreciate it."
She left the car and walked up the stairs to the country club. A staff member opened the door and provided a standard greeting, 'Good evening. Welcome.'
Inside, the building was grand as expected. A few tired looking staff members unpacked boxes and crates which were laying around the main room. There was an abundance of tables and chairs on one side of the room that hadn't yet been arranged.
Then Evelyn saw the woman whom she was certain was Laura. Even though it looked like the woman had been hard at work for many hours, she managed to appear sassy. Evelyn estimated that Laura must have been in her 40's. She was dressed in tight fitting pants, heels, and a silk blouse with her sleeves rolled up past her elbows. Her blonde hair was tied in a messy ponytail and she was carrying an iPad with her.
When their eyes met, no friendly greeting ensued; instead Laura made a gesture for Evelyn to come over to a table sitting in the middle of the large room. Laura walked over to the table and saw three pieces of paper placed neatly in a row, with a pen on top.
"Sign here, here, and here," Laura said. "They're standard non-disclosure forms. Take a moment to read them over, then we'll talk."
"What if I don't want to sign?"
"Then the driver will take you home. It's your choice, sweetheart."
Attitude. While Evelyn was shocked by Laura's rudeness, she also admired the woman's direct approach. Evelyn looked at the documents, which seemed to have been formally written by a lawyer. They all had the official markings ofD & S Envy.The terms seemed simple and straightforward enough.
So she signed it.
Laura took the documents, folded them, and held them beneath her iPad.
"Allow me to give you a tour of the place," Laura said.
They moved quickly and Evelyn realized that Laura was a fast worker and a fast talker. The place looked gorgeous but was still a work-in-progress. There was an opulent ballroom with a lavish bar on one end. Whatever event was about to take place, it was clearly going to be a lavish affair.
She continued, "I'm sure you're wondering about these preparations. We're putting on a private event for a local politician to celebrate his recent victory. We're expecting politicians, bankers, local philanthropists and other city leaders. Everyone of consequence will be here."
This was music to Evelyn's ears. But again, she reminded herself that she was, under no circumstance, to appear desperate for this booking.
"Oh, that all sounds so exciting. Will I be needed here?"
Laura looked the girl over. "Most likely. You're just the type of girl we need for an event like this."
"What type is that?"
"Wholesome, but with a definite touch of slut."
What a slap in the face! Evelyn was stunned and seethed internally. She came all the way out here for this?
"I'mnota slut," Evelyn replied, trying her best not to fume too obviously.
"I never said you were. But you have a prominent sexual side, don't you? In your interview, you stated that you could handle multiple men in a row. That belies a slutty side, wouldn't you agree?"
"Well...no...I mean, yeah...I don't know... You're twisting my words."
Laura touched the girl's shoulder and softened her tone. "Relax, honey. When I say slutty side, it's not meant to insult you in any way, shape, or form. It's just an expression. The truth is, I love sex. I'm not ashamed of that. Nor should anyone else be ashamed of their sexuality as long as it's consensual and pleasurable for all parties involved."
Now things were getting even more bizarre and Evelyn shook her head. She wasn't sure how she felt about this conversation.
"Excuse me; I'm a bit woozy," Evelyn sighed. "It's late and I'm exhausted. You called me out here to this elegant country club. Now you're talking about sex, sluts, and implying that I'm some kind of nymphomaniac."
"I understand it's late, and I appreciate the fact that you came here at the last minute. Here, let's sit."
They went to the side of the main ballroom and pulled up two seats. By then, most of the staff had left, and it was just the two of them alone.
"You'll have to accept my apologies," Laura said, sincerely. "I've been busy all week arranging this event and my manners seem to have already left for the evening. I'm Laura, it's a pleasure to meet you."
She extended a hand.
"I'm Evelyn," the girl replied, shaking hands. "I figured you were the Director based on your personality in the email and in real life. You really get right down to business."
Laura had a hearty laugh. "In other words... I'm a bitch. So, sue me."
"I'll take a raincheck on that. Why did you ask me to come?"
"This event takes place on Saturday. Our main girl pulled out when she injured her ankle on a bike ride. It's unfortunate, but accidents happen. So we'll need another girl to take her place. I went back through the interview files and thought you'd be a worthy replacement. Basically, you were a runner-up, now you have a chance to move into first place."
"A chance for what?"
"Look, I'll be honest," Laura said as she sat back in the chair. "This job involves sex. Lots of it."
Evelyn gasped and shook her head frantically. "I'm not a prostitute! Or an escort! Whatever you want to call it, that's not me."
"Hear me out, sweetheart. What we do at our function is provide a unique experience for exclusive individuals."
"So the guests just pick out whatever piece-of-ass they want and take them to a room to fuck?"
Laura smiled. "No, not to a room. The fucking happens right here in the ballroom, foreveryoneto watch."
Laura's tone was sultry and playful, which made Evelyn's eyes widen and her jaw drop.
"You can't be serious," Evelyn said softly, in disbelief.
"It's not for everyone. That's for sure."
"You obviously have tons of money and rich people will be attending. Why not hire porn stars or strippers? Wouldn't that make your job easier?"
"Our guests aren't looking for girls like that; they want purity. You are an example of what we seek to provide... wholesome, but willing to explore your sexuality. There's a curiosity and innocence inside you. Our guests are exploring, too. Some will be just as nervous as you. Think of it as a gift exchange. Everyone leaves happy, with memorable experiences."
Evelyn sighed. "I've never done anything even remotely close to this. I'm certain I'd ruin your event."
"Oh?"
"I don't have any experience. I don't think I'm the right girl."
A pleased expression crept on Laura's face. "It's statements like that which shows you're the right girl for the job, in fact."
"Really?"
"Like I said, wholesome, innocent, curious, with a touch of slut. It adds an extra element of taboo that you won't get from experienced sex workers."
Evelyn sighed. "I've never considered becoming a sex worker."
"You won't be, not that there's anything wrong with being a willing sex worker. Think of yourself as a girl who's exploring sexuality and all its beauty. Don't forget, the people who will be attending this event have far more to lose than you. There's no way they want to see their reputations tarnished. It wouldn't be in their best interest. Hence the confidentiality form that you just signed."
Evelyn realized why Laura was in charge of this operation. Not only was she intelligent and strong, Laura seemed to understand Evelyn's swirling vortex of emotions. Laura had just put this opportunity in perspective and made it seem more enticing. Evelyn suddenly felt intrigued and drawn to the possibility of pushing her boundaries. Sexually, she was moderately experienced. She did long to explore her sexuality, but had never found the right partner, or 'instructor.'
What she craved was someone who could guide her developing sexuality, both physically and mentally. Someone who could help her discover what was possible beyond conventional sex. Someone with experience, who she could trust. Was Laura that 'someone,' the mentor she secretly desired?
She began to wonder.
"If I agree," Evelyn offered, "then it will be on my terms, right? I get to watch from the sidelines, and then I decide what I do and with whom?"
"I'm afraid it doesn't work like that, sweetie."
"Then how does it work?"
Laura explained, "I'd have to inspect you and see your attributes. There are differences between main girls and side girls. It's not only about beauty. Every woman participating is beautiful in their own way. I'm looking for star power. Does that make sense?"
"I think so," Evelyn nodded. "I'm almost afraid to ask, but how do you find those qualities?"
"I personally put each girl through a series of tests. Typically, we have the girls go through a medical and lab exam for safety. Then, I examine their bodies and try to determine if they're comfortable with sexual acts in public. The girls that aren't cut out for this usually quit at that point. I try really hard to avoid having girls freak out when they're in the spotlight at a party. It can happen. But I seem to have a knack for this and have always picked the right girls for each position."
The more Evelyn heard, the more conflicted she felt. Did she want to stay or run? Listen or leave? The wheels were rapidly spinning in her mind. She remained seated and was eager to hear more.
"What are my chances of being a main girl?" Evelyn asked suddenly. "I mean, hypothetically speaking. Just out of curiosity."
"It's still too early to say. You haven't done the test yet. Would you like to do it here, now?"
Evelyn gulped. "Is it difficult? Or intrusive?"
"It all depends. I brought you here because I think you have potential based on the information you've submitted and the interview you did weeks ago. Who knows? Maybe you'll be a side girl, a main girl, or maybe we won't use you at all. If this doesn't work, I can always find someone else at the last minute. You're not the only beautiful young woman in the city, obviously."
Was this reverse psychology? Evelyn wondered if Laura was purposely trying to push her buttons. In any case, it seemed to have worked and played directly to her competitive nature. More importantly, it appealed to her sexual curiosity, which she now discovered ran a bit to the kinky side.
But first, there were other practical issues that needed to be addressed.
"What else can you tell me about this event?" Evelyn asked. "I mean in terms of, you know, compensation and that sort of thing."
Laura smiled, knowing she was about to catch her prey. "Ten to twenty thousand, depending on your role. Flat fee. But if guests decide to tip you more, that's their business."
It was a real jolt to Evelyn's system.
"You're kidding?" she choked.
"Look around. Do I have to remind you what type of clients we're catering to for an event like this?"
Evelyn nodded. "Good point."
"As for the schedule, you're expected to be here this Saturday at 9 pm until midnight. Assuming you get the job, of course."
Now things were getting interesting. The offer was getting more serious and the reality was very attractive.
"How about my attire?" Evelyn asked. "I have a sexy little black dress and strappy heels that would match a place like this."
"Wear it on your way, but you won't need it once you're inside."
"So you'll be providing something for me to wear? Like a uniform that matches the other girls?"
"Oh, your outfits will definitely match, but you'll be providing it yourself," Laura replied with a sneaky tone.
"I'm confused."
There was a devilish smile on Laura's face. "You'll be naked, Darling."
Just when Evelyn thought the night couldn't get any more bizarre, she found herself shocked, again.
"The entire time?" she gulped.
"Yes," Laura said. "You'll be naked, but your role has yet to be determined. And, this is assuming you get the job. You now need decide if you wish to proceed."
Evelyn was faced with an option and it was time to decide. Did she want to proceed? She thought back to her college three-way and remembered the tremendous ecstasy she felt. The deviant behavior had intensified every orgasm she had that night. The idea of participating in this event brought forth a strong jolt of adrenaline.
"Can you assure me that no one outside of the event will ever find out about this?" Evelyn asked resolutely, as she started directly at Laura.
"You'll be asked to sign more non-disclosure forms. Our guests do the same. The rules are strict and well-known. So to answer your question, no one will ever know beyond the participants at this event."
Evelyn nodded. "Then I wish to proceed. I'd like to be considered for this event."
Laura wore a satisfied grin. "I thought so. Stand in the middle of this room. Don't worry sweetie, the staff won't mind, they've seen it all before."
Standing in the center of the empty ballroom, Evelyn began to feel as if she was playing an illicit game with Laura, who remained seated.
"Tell me your darkest fantasy," Laura said.
Evelyn sighed. "To be...well... used. Sexually speaking."
"Explain."
"I don't know. I've always had group sex fantasies. There are never other girls. Just me surrounded by cocks. Nothing ever this classy. Usually I imagine an apartment, or a college classroom, or a gym locker room; I've never thought about a fancy place like this. The idea of doing it in a ballroom is absolutely appealing to me. And as scary as this seems, I think I'm a good candidate for this."
Laura gave an understanding nod. "That's a common fantasy, more than most people realize."
"I don't know about that. But it's been a frequent fantasy of mine."
"Which is why you openly answered the question;'How many cocks can you handle in a row,'a few weeks ago. Many decline to answer that. Which leads me to my next question."
"Yes."
"Would you take more than one man in an evening?" Laura asked.
When the question was asked, Laura's eyes narrowed as if to read Evelyn's mind. The only thing Evelyn could do was answer truthfully.
"Yes, I would."
"How does it make you feel to think about multiple men using your pussy?"
"Wet."
Laura looked pleased. "Show me."
"Pardon?"
"Put the fingers of your right hand into your panties, rub yourself once, and show me. If it's dry, I'll know you aren't really interested. If your fingers are wet, well, that would be far more interesting."
Evelyn complied and undid her pants. Her right hand slipped inside, wiped her pussy once, then emerged with the palm facing Laura.
Wet.
"My, my. That looks delicious," Laura said while trailing her right pointer finger over her parted lips. The tip of her tongue was out just enough for Evelyn to see.
"How am I doing so far?"
"So far, you are doing very well. Now just because this is fantasy of yours doesn't mean you can actually go through with it in the heat of the moment. It's always a risk with the new girls. To prove yourself, get naked, right now, in front of me."
Evelyn gulped. "Are you serious?"
"Yes."
Once again, Evelyn followed Laura's command, almost like it was second nature. She undressed, leaving each article of clothing on the ballroom floor. Her pace was unhurried and casual. She went neither too fast, nor too slow. It was as if she was stripping for a doctor's exam, except that Laura's evaluation was sure to be a bit more intimate.
Before long, Evelyn was almost naked, standing barefoot on the cold floor. All that remained were her bra and panties.
After slowly reaching behind to unclasp her bra, and below to pull off her panties she was completely nude. By this time, her pussy was dripping from the idea that something very improper was about to occur. Her body had moved faster than her mind.
She had a build that was typical of a young woman in the art and fashion industry. Though she was somewhat thin, definite curves were present and her perky breasts sported upturned, pink nipples. Her pubic hair was trimmed, though had she known this would happen, she would have shaved herself clean.
"Now, for the final act," Laura said, after pausing. "If you complete this, you'll be given a brief medical test to confirm your eligibility for the event, pending results."
"What's the task?"
"Masturbate. Right here, right now. Cum for me. Then I want you to go to the other room and walk slowly past the staff, who are finishing their work for the night. If you can walk by them proudly, I'll know that you are brave enough to pursue your fantasies at the event."
"If I pass, what will my role be for the event?" Evelyn asked.
"That depends."
"On?"
"How you perform now, obviously. Impress me, and you might be the star of the show. I'm starting to see that you have great potential. Maybe you should have been my first choice. Prove me wrong, if you can."
Evelyn tensed and mustered her courage. She parted her legs and lowered her right hand to play with her clitoris. Her left hand went farther down, eased into her sopping pussy and began to stroke in and out of her channel. She stared at Laura's eyes the whole time, which fanned the flames of her own arousal. It was easy to find her release and orgasm.
So she did, forcefully and loudly. At that moment, something seemed to stir in her soul; she felt a naughty girl emerging.
When her body relaxed, post-orgasm, she showed no hesitation. This job was exactly what she needed and she was ready to seal the deal.
Evelyn turned and walked into the other room. While completely nude, she paused and greeted each staff member. She was sure they must have heard her loud orgasm, which added a kinky thrill. As she walked back to the ballroom, Evelyn saw a satisfied look on Laura's face. Evelyn knew exactly what it meant.
Oh yes, this job was hers.
***
Of course Evelyn passed the health test, she knew she would. She wasn't surprised when she got the call that the job was hers. The next few days left her feeling restless. Frequently, she daydreamed about orgies, and even found herself watching videos on a porn site. Finally, it was the night of the big event and she found herself back at the country club.
What did surprise Evelyn, as she waited nervously in an upstairs room at the club, was that she had been selected to be the star of the show. She would be the main attraction. Fidgeting in her sexy black dress, she remembered the phone call.
'I think you'd be perfect,'Laura had told her on the phone.'You have that unique quality for which I look. And the fact that you're inexperienced helps you. We'll figure out the details as we go along. I have a few ideas on the best way to ease you into this.'
It was now 8:45, Saturday night, and Evelyn knew she'd be called upon soon. She went to the mirror and made sure her makeup was flawless. It was. She had checked at least a dozen times since arriving. She wanted to look her best.
Everything seemed right. Earlier, her hair had been done at the salon. Then she spent nearly half an hour on her makeup. Her lips were bare at Laura's request, the reason seemed obvious.
There was a knock on the door and Laura entered, looking elegant in a red gown. She was so beautiful and composed that she looked like royalty.
Small talk was exchanged as Laura closed the door; they made pleasant comments about each other's appearance.
"I know exactly what I'm going to do with you," Laura said in a sultry voice. "It's going to be bold, daring, and glorious."
"Wait... On second thought, don't tell me."
"Good call. It's better you not know. If you're nervous and shy, it will add more excitement. Then, when things start to flow, you'll blossom before everyone's eyes."
"You think so?" Evelyn asked.
Laura nodded. "I've watched dozens of girls go through this. Luckily, I have a talent for gauging how people will react in sexual situations. And once again, I have a great feeling about you."
"I hope so."
"It's time, Evelyn. I've already set up some of the other girls. They're doing their part. Now it's time for the main event."
Evelyn took a deep breath. "Let's do it."
Instinctively, Evelyn smoothed her dress, then headed for the door.
"Forgetting something?" Laura asked with an eyebrow raised.
"What?"
Laura looked over the girl's dress. "What do you think?"
"Oh, oh. I remember, but it totally slipped my mind."
"It's okay, I know you're nervous. Here, let me help you sweetie."
Evelyn froze as Laura approached, helped her step out of the dress, then spread it neatly on the chair. As she stood in her bra, panties, and heels, Evelyn's heart raced. In short order, those were removed too, with help from Laura.
Evelyn's bare skin tingled from the sensation of being naked. Turning her head, she looked at herself in a full length mirror. Her whole body was flushed from the sudden exposure. As she stood next to Laura, who was dressed like a queen, the contrast was striking and she felt a familiar dampness form between her legs.
What a sight.
"Relax dear," Laura said soothingly. "I'll guide you."
Laura took the girl by the hand and led her to the door. Together, they walked down the hall and headed for the curved staircase. The sound of a party was unmistakable. People were chatting and glasses clinked frequently. A piano played in the background. As they moved towards the stairs, the sounds became louder.
Finally, Evelyn stood at the top of the stairs and her eyes widened at the sight. It was a very formal event; men were in tuxedos and women wore elegant gowns. It was a glamorous and superbly sophisticated party.
And there she stood, naive little Evelyn. As she descended the stairs, it seemed like a metaphor; she knew she was entering a lion's den. Even though her heart was pounding, she willingly moved forward. This was a pivotal moment for her.
To her surprise, few people turned to gawk at her. They'd seen this all before. Besides, there were other naked women too. Women who were just as beautiful. Just as gorgeous.Most importantly, just as naked.
It gave her comfort to see the other naked girls. But, that comfort didn't last long as Evelyn made her way towards the middle of the hall. Her body slowed and she began to tremble.
Evelyn gulped. "How many people will I...."
"Until you want to stop," Laura replied, with a smile forming on her lips. "Or until the guests are tired of you."
Evelyn knew she would forever regret it if she didn't take this opportunity. As she stepped onto the cold surface of the main floor, her anticipation grew. She now walked amongst the most prominent and influential people in the city. A burst of adrenaline shot through her system and she walked forward with purpose.
Impeccably dressed men and women began to notice Evelyn, and she felt moisture begin to pool in her pussy. The people at the party were very attractive and polished. Glancing at the many faces, Evelyn couldn't help but wonder which of these people would fuck her first. And, who would fuck her best.
Soon, Evelyn made it to the middle of the front hall, and focused on the erotic events taking place around her.
To the side, Evelyn saw a naked woman on her knees, sucking a man's cock. The man was dressed sharply and his pants were down as he was sucked with vigor. A woman in a gown stood next to him and they kissed deeply. Her hands held his face, and Evelyn could see her tongue in his mouth. His hands grasped the naked girl's head, as he thrust forward and pulled back repeatedly. It was all so casual and brazen. A few people watched, but for the most part, the other guests were engrossed in their own conversations.
"My goodness," Evelyn gasped.
They stopped to watch for a moment.
"That's just a starter," Laura explained.
Laura guided Evelyn by holding her wrist like a leash. They went to the main ballroom, where there must have been at least 50 perfectly dressed men and women. All of the guests were talking amongst themselves, laughing, and having a good time.
In the mix were naked women of pleasure. Some sat on laps and some simply posed their bodies provocatively. What drew Evelyn's attention were the nude women who gave oral sex, not just to men, but also to women guests. Evelyn watched an elegant woman in her late 40's who stood off to one side of the room and used one hand to hold her gown up at her waist. She had one foot planted on a wooden chair, with her knee bent. In front of her was a kneeling nude girl, who lapped at the woman's pussy. The older woman used her free hand to grab onto the naked woman's head as she threw back her head and climaxed loudly. It was a mesmerizing sight.
Evelyn noted that people continued to converse around the woman as she found her release, despite the bewitching sight of the two women. It was surreal. Evelyn had never before licked a pussy and wondered if she soon would.
They reached the center of the ballroom. More people seemed to notice Evelyn, and she could read lust in their eyes. Now she stood in the middle of the crowd and there was nowhere to hide. It was embarrassing and humiliating, but it was also exhilarating. She wondered if the guests could see the desire in her eyes, as well.
A small, round table sat in the in the center of the cavernous room. It was covered with a red tablecloth. There were no chairs around it.
"Here we are," Laura said. "I want you to trust me completely. Let go of everything. Lie down, on your back. This is where the fun begins."
Obediently, Evelyn laid down on the unyielding table. It was much too small for her body. The top of her head hung off one side, and her feet dangled from the other.
Laura caressed the girl's hair, leaned down and whispered in her ear. "We'll go slowly until I see how much you can handle. Step by step. I can already tell that you want it and so can our guests. Your pussy is dripping on the tablecloth and we haven't even started. "
"I'm so sorry."
"Don't be sorry. Your pussy juices are what the guests want."
Evelyn was kissed on the forehead, then Laura stepped out of view, leaving her to wonder what would happen next. Her eyes were drawn to a gorgeous, shimmering chandelier which hung from the ceiling. It was massive had a huge assortment of ornate glass crystals hanging down like raindrops.
As she listened to the chattering of the partygoers, her eyes remained focused on the chandelier. She soon felt hands rubbing her body. Laura's hands. It was the most erotic massage she had ever experienced. Evelyn's breasts were lightly stroked by Laura. Then Laura's hands trailed down to her stomach. As if sensing Evelyn's mounting need, Laura tenderly lowered her hands even further to the already drenched pussy. Evelyn was so comfortable with Laura that for a moment she forgot the setting.
The massage continued. With one hand, Laura softly pinched Evelyn's nipples, and with the other hand, she massaged around the yawning entrance of Evelyn's pussy. The fingers never penetrated her slit, but slowly teased it. Laura had meant to stimulate Evelyn and was pleasantly surprised to find that very little effort was needed. Laura felt immensely satisfied that she had managed, again, to find the right girl for the job.
"Place it over here," Laura said to the ballroom staff. "Make sure the arrangement is artfully displayed. Especially around these flawless breasts."
Evelyn didn't have long to wonder about that directive. Even without looking, she knew food was being arranged on her body. The feeling was unmistakable. Two female staffers, dressed in professional uniforms, began to place slices of fruit and pastries on her body. She could feel intricate designs form on her skin as the food was placed symmetrically around her breasts, stomach, and pelvis.
Fruit syrup was then drizzled around her stomach and breasts. She knew the cold liquid had made her nipples hard as diamonds.
When the staff members finished, they left without saying a word. Evelyn was left laying on the table with her eyes still focused on the chandelier. The placement of the table in the center of the room was purposeful. Naturally, the crowd of people moved toward Evelyn to sample her wares.
"Please, help yourselves to both the food and the dish," Laura said to the guests. "She's as delicious as she is beautiful."
It was easier when Laura was giving her the massage and she could block out the guests. At this point, all Evelyn could do was focus on the chandelier as she waited for the inevitable to take place. This was far more awkward than she could ever have imagined.
She mustered a false sense of confidence while the classy guests converged around her and picked food from her naked body. Her tits and pussy were on display for complete strangers. She was sure they could see her heart pounding against her chest, yet she managed to keep her body relaxed. Only curled toes gave away her apprehension.
Despite her tension, the needy sensation in her pussy increased. She knew Laura was right. She did want to be owned, completely.
Evelyn's feet swayed slightly as she felt a rush of excitement from the exhibitionism. The comments made her even hornier:
"She's a pretty one. I've never seen her before."
"New girls are always fun."
Then came the comment which mattered most. A man had dipped a strawberry between her legs at the opening of her pussy, and swirled it in her own juice before eating it.
"Oh God, she's delicious."
It excited her to know that a man sampled her pussy juice and found her tasty. Then an even more shocking quote followed.
"I can't wait to fuck this one."
With her eyes still glued to the glass chandelier, she knew she was about to be fucked. She didn't know by whom, or how many times. All she knew was that it was going to happen, and soon. She was ready and willing to be used.
The fruit soon disappeared from her body, but juices and syrup were left behind. Suddenly, Evelyn felt a warm, moist mouth envelop her left nipple, and suck gently. For the first time since laying on the table, Evelyn looked directly at a guest.
She was surprised to see a mature looking woman suckle her breast. The woman wore a ball gown, and her diamonds sparkled underneath the chandelier. Evelyn briefly made eye contact with her. Abruptly, the woman pulled her mouth away and returned to her friends. Evelyn was momentarily left alone, as if she was a mere plaything.
This whole thing was like a dream. A naughty dream. A wet dream. Could this really be happening? Just as she began to wonder what would happen next, she felt Laura's soothing hand skim along her shoulder and arm.
She felt mildly conflicted. A small part of her wanted to hear Laura say that it was all over, that she did a great job and it was time to wash and get dressed. But her pussy ached for a hard fucking... or two.
When Laura spoke to a stranger who was just out of sight, Evelyn understood very clearly what would happen next.
Laura said, "Here's the girl I've told you about, Mr. Mayor... Yes... She's perfect for you. I've picked her myself.... Go right ahead...Enjoy..."
The Mayor!? Evelyn's mind felt strangely clear now that she knew her immediate destiny. She focused her attention on the chandelier once again.
As Laura's hands continued to glide across Evelyn's neck in an erotic way, the Mayor traced the tips of his fingers across her breasts and stomach. It was as if he was inspecting a new sports car.
"You've outdone yourself, Laura," he said. "This girl is exquisite."
"Have a look between her legs. She's dripping."
A very sensuous inspection followed as the Mayor moved between Evelyn's legs and used the fingers on his left hand to spread her lips open. Then, one finger swept upwards from her anus to her clit. He held up the wet finger and rubbed it with his thumb. Evelyn heard the Mayor grunt his approval.
"Perfect," he said with a sly voice. "Laura, do you mind?"
"By all means," Laura replied.
Evelyn felt her body clench with anticipation. She was about to get fucked, on a table, in a ballroom, by a stranger, while a large group of people watched. Her mind reeled. Yes! She could stop this. No! She didn't want to. It was her fantasy. Maybe her destiny. And her pussy was now, officially, making the call. This was exactly where she needed to stay.
Strong hands opened her legs wider. She gulped. Her eyes remained locked on that glass chandelier. Even though the ballroom was filled with chatter, she was still able to hear the sound of the Mayor unzipping his trousers. Evelyn blocked out the distraction from the rest of the room, and focused instead on the sensations of her own body. She wanted to maximize her pleasure.
When she felt the tip of his cock touch her labia, she gasped. He slowly pushed his very large cock inside her at a comfortable pace. Evelyn's pussy juices eased his entry and she enjoyed the invasion, immensely. Her fingers clenched the edge of the table as she prepared herself for the rough fucking she hoped would begin.
"How does she feel?" Laura asked him.
"Like the perfect gift after winning an election."
The comment made Evelyn blush as she laid tensely with a cock buried deep inside her pussy. It was flattering, really. She was now being used as a sex doll at a glamorous event. This was the culmination of all her secret, naughty desires.
His cock thrust in and out of her very happy pussy. Despite the awkward position, the sex felt amazing. But the exhibitionism made it even more intoxicating.
She felt more relaxed as he fucked her this way. Her hands released their grip on the table, and made their way to her breasts. She pinched both her nipples at the same time. Evelyn did make an effort to temper the volume of her moans, but the pressure was building. Even if she had wanted to hold back, she would have been unable. A massive orgasm awaited her... in a public place.
Evelyn felt an overwhelming desire to know if people had turned their attention to this demonstration of very naughty, fuck toy behavior. As she turned her head to the left, she could see that the party continued. People were still engaged in conversation as they sipped champagne. A few people glanced her way and smiled, on occasion, before they returned to their discussions. Every time she made eye contact with one of the guests, Evelyn felt an extra surge of passion in her cunt.
Then she turned her head to the right side and saw another naked woman. She lay facedown over a dining table, and was being fucked roughly from behind. There were two impeccably dressed men with their pants down, who took turns ravishing this woman. The woman babbled as she thrashed in rapture. There was no doubt that she enjoyed being so thoroughly used. Evelyn wondered if this was to be her own fate as well. Would men be taking turns fucking her?
It was a deliciously naughty thought, and took her a step closer to her own release.
She returned her eyes to the guy who was pounding her pussy. He was handsome and normally a buttoned up and well-mannered man. But now his face was unhinged by lust. She realized that he had lost his usual control, and that made her feel powerful.
It also made her want to cum. She hadn't had a good orgasm in far too long and she felt her body tense as the pressure grew. While staring at the chandelier, she let go of her fears and climaxed in front of the large group of people. The orgasm shook her body and caused her pussy to quake around the relentless cock as it continued to plunder her. She tried to control the intensity of her reaction because so many people were watching. But surely everyone could see that she had formally arrived... she had cum.
Evelyn struggled to recover from her orgasmic explosion as Laura bent down and brushed her lips across Evelyn's ear.
"That was a magnificent sight," Laura whispered. The girl's body was still rocking back and forth from the Mayor's impressive fucking. "You're officially the party's Fuck Toy. I know you like that. You want more, don't you?"
Evelyn could only nod as she recovered from her climax. The new Mayor continued to fuck her tight little cunt.
"I thought so," Laura replied matter-of-factly. "If you can handle more, then more you shall receive. Darling, you're stunning. Every man in this building would love a piece of you. Only a lucky few will get their chance."
Once again, Evelyn nodded as words failed to escape her mouth due to her erratic panting. She focused on the intense feeling of her pussy being stretched and used in front of strangers. It was meditative in an erotic way.
Evelyn closed her eyes as Laura touched her chin and turned her head to the side. Despite her curiosity, Evelyn kept her eyes closed. She was lost in the moment, absorbing every ounce of pleasure from the Mayor and his unstoppable cock.
She felt something press against her lips. The skin was soft and smooth. Beneath the soft exterior it was rock hard. Evelyn opened her eyes to find an enormous dick in front of her. The tip glistened with a clear fluid that naughty Evelyn wanted to lick.
Momentarily glancing up, she saw a man wearing a tuxedo; his pants were down. Laura grabbed the base of his cock and moved him forward. Without thinking, Evelyn's shamelessly opened her lips to accept the man's cock into her wet mouth.
Laura leaned down and whispered, "You are such a good little Fuck Toy."
She closed her lips around his shaft and began to suck. Evelyn always loved sucking cock, but this time was exceptional. Never before had she sucked one man's cock while another man fucked her cunt. The fact that a room full of strangers watched her while she serviced the two cocks was intoxicating. She was being used like a pretty piece of flesh and loved every minute.
Normally, Evelyn was an enthusiastic cocksucker, but her pussy continued to receive a forceful fucking. Her moans of pleasure made it challenging to take the second man's rather large cock down her throat. She could barely breathe, let alone give a good blowjob.
Laura ran her fingers through Evelyn's hair, looked her in the eye, and then spoke softly in her ear. "I know, it's overwhelming. But, you were made to be a Fuck Doll, darling. I'll tell you what's going to happen next. The Mayor is close to cumming, and he's going to make a mess on you. Then you'll be prepped for the next lucky guy. Are you ready to service more cocks; I think you are because you look like you're in your element."
Evelyn couldn't answer, given her circumstances. She was far too caught up in her passion for this sexually deviant act. When it had just been the Mayor royally fucking her pussy, she had passively given him pleasure, while she received the same. Now that a second dick was being shoved down her throat, she sucked and tried to give pleasure actively, as much as possible. Evelyn was in a state of bliss now that two of her holes were being used by strangers. Laura was right, the crude term "Fuck Doll" was fitting.
Soon, Evelyn heard the Mayor grunting and panting, as he thrust his sizable cock even harder into Evelyn's pussy. She was glad the second man anchored her otherwise the table might have flipped. The Mayor was on the verge and she wondered where he'd do it. If her head hadn't been turned to the side, she would have watched him achieve his ultimate gratification.
The cock was pulled out of her pussy, and Evelyn felt strangely dissatisfied as she felt his hot cum splash all over her stomach. She audibly whined at the sudden emptiness in her cunt. Normally, this type of fucking would be more than enough to satiate Evelyn. But this was her first foray into public sex and she was desperately hungry for more. Thankfully, she was being served like a buffet.
As the staff members wiped her pussy clean with small wet towels, she continued to service the cock in her mouth. The staff was efficient and professional at their task. The thrill Evelyn got from her pussy being treated like a piece of valuable equipment was tremendous.
The next guest wasn't nearly as gentle with her pussy though. He lifted her legs up so that her knees were pinned under his arms. She felt him line his cock up at the opening of her empty cunt. Then he mercilessly lunged forward as Evelyn drew her hands back to grab her own nipples and shrieked with joy. This man wanted to dominate. He wanted to stake his claim on her body. Whoever this man was, he could barely contain himself. His rough taking of her pussy gave Evelyn something she craved.
Evelyn's eyes rolled back in her head as she savored both cocks. Her state of euphoria made it a challenge to give pleasure to the man in her mouth. Oral sex like this was far below her normal standards because she was distracted by the hard pounding in her cunt. She tried to make up for it by wrapping her lips tightly around his shaft. He cupped one hand around her chin and grabbed her hair with his other hand as his momentum increased. Evelyn heard him moaning as he pushed deeper down her throat.
"That's it," Laura said proudly. "You're learning. Embrace it. Our very own Fuck Doll is hitting her stride and blooming before our very eyes."
Evelyn was embracing the moment far more than Laura could ever guess. In the depths of her pussy built another massive orgasm. The combination of both demanding cocks in her body pushed her body higher towards nirvana.
But someone else would beat her to the finish line. The cock in her mouth was pulsating as it grew even bigger. She heard groans above her head and knew the guy she sucked was ready to burst.
"Stroke him now, Evelyn," Laura commanded. "Let him cum before you cum again. That's the rule."
Evelyn wondered if Laura could read minds (or at least body language) about looming orgasms. Because she knew an earth-shattering orgasm was on her horizon, she obeyed as the man pulled out of her mouth. With both hands she grabbed and stroked the rigid cock that was covered in her saliva.
Then Laura pried Evelyn's fingers off the dick she held. "Actually, I'll take over, dear. I have something else in mind for you later."
Something else in mind?! Beyond this? Evelyn was left wondering as Laura furiously worked the ready-to-shoot cock. After a few moments the man ejaculated all over her tits, adding to the delicious mess on her body.
"I hope you like the taste of cum," Laura whispered, with her lips to Evelyn's ear.
Evelyn groaned in delight. "Oh yes, I do."
"Wonderful. But first, there's some unfinished business. The guy enjoying your tight pussy can be quite rough. He's the Governor's oldest son and he loves squirters."
It was an interesting set of facts, but that was the last thing on Evelyn's mind. She was lost in her own decadent world. Now that her mouth was free of cock, she was able to be more vocal. Lying flat on her back again allowed Evelyn to turn her head and see the amount of attention she garnered. In every direction she saw that the guests had stopped their conversations and were openly gazing at her. Everyone watched Evelyn, the main attraction. Some people smiled and some nodded in appreciation. But she noticed several guests looked like they wanted to jump in and use the new Fuck Doll.
The man fucking her cunt lifted her legs so that her ankles were beside his ears and her body was bent at a right angle. She released a show-stopping cry of pleasure that echoed in the vast ballroom. The change in his trajectory had put his cock in direct contact with her elusive G-spot. Every thrust of his dick hit her hypersensitive bundle of nerves directly. His pace was furious and he grunted loudly.
Evelyn truly let go and spiraled into the most frenzied orgasm of her life. Her frantic screams reflected the euphoria she felt. Deep down, she reveled in her vocal abandon, and guessed the sound was likely heard throughout the building. As her body convulsed around the man's cock, she knew that others in the room would want a turn with this very, very naughty girl.
Before she knew it, she had made a big, sopping mess on the table. As she came down from her orgasmic high, she studied the shimmering chandelier, which had figuratively lit the way to her newfound sexual freedom. Her body still rocked back and forth from the guy pounding her pussy as she tried to pace her breathing. Evelyn was certain that her toes were still curled for all to see, since her ankles were still over his shoulders.
"Oh fuck," the man roared as he pulled out his cock and shot a burning load all over her stomach and chest. His breathing was labored, and after he finished ejaculating managed to mutter, "That pussy is one-in-a-million."
He kissed her on one knee and lowered her legs. His turn was done and he was spent. He might have said some parting words to Laura before leaving. Evelyn wasn't sure anymore since her mind was in a daze. All she knew was that he left the scene after branding her with his mark.
Evelyn was finally fucked to exhaustion and her limbs felt lifeless. She was done, completely spent. Beads of sweat had appeared on her forehead and the upper part of her chest. Her arms and legs both hung off the round table. Yet still, she wondered if there was more.
A server brought Laura a tray with bite-sized pieces of pastry. She took one and used it to stir the combined cum from three men that was left on Evelyn's stomach and tits. The pastry was firm, but spongy enough to absorb a good amount of the cum concoction.
"Open up," Laura said. "You're going to swallow like a good girl."
Evelyn obeyed and opened her mouth. The cum-frosted pastry was fed to her and she willingly accepted the gift. As her mouth closed, she savored the treat, as if it was ambrosia. In front of the voyeuristic group of social elites, she sucked on the pastry to extract the cum. Knowing that it was the cum of three men made the mixture especially scrumptious. She tried to draw out the special moment as much as possible. Finally, she swallowed, sending the cum down to her stomach to be digested.
***
By the time Evelyn was back in her private guest room, the party was over and she was laying naked on the bed. Her legs were spread wide and she was totally relaxed. There was soreness, and she still tasted cum lingering in her mouth. She had gladly consumed every drop fed to her.
Laura was there with a bucket of hot water and a small towel.
"Well done," Laura said, wiping Evelyn's feet and calves with the soothing water. "I'm thoroughly impressed. You went beyond my expectations and really earned the money."
"To be honest, money is the last thing on my mind," Evelyn said, while still pondering to herself.
"So, you've finally come to a realization."
"What do you mean?"
Laura put the towel in the bucket and began to massage Evelyn's feet, pressing hard into the soles and digging in between each toe.
"You're asecret slut," Laura opined. "And I mean that in the most positive of ways."
Evelyn groaned, enjoying the foot massage. "Secret slut. I like that. Maybe you're right. I enjoy sex. And I'm not ashamed."
"Nor should you be."
Laura's massaging hands moved upwards to Evelyn's calves; they worked magic in all the right spots and Evelyn couldn't help but be vocal.
"What happens next?" Evelyn asked. "Between us. Where do we go from here?"
"First thing's first. You're still a dirty girl who needs cleaning."
Laura stopped massaging and positioned herself between Evelyn's legs. There was a sly grin on her face as she crawled forward, ever so gently. Laura brought her mouth directly in front of Evelyn's pussy and blew cool air on it. She noted that the pussy looked moist, not from the warm water, but from Evelyn's own juice. She gave it several nice licks before sucking on each labia with her mouth.
"Exactly what my little heart desires," Evelyn smiled as she closed her eyes and grasped the bed sheet.
The End
Co-writing by SueDanym.
Your votes & comments are appreciated.