"It's so thrilling to be able to walk through the school wearing my silky chemise like this. Sable was right it is a nightie."
Josie McKellen danced in circles amid the empty hallways of Horton-Dexter. Knowing that only she, Mimi Alexander and Kevin Fowler whom were upstairs teasing one another were likely all that was left of the Teaching staff. Well, Piper Cherry up on the third floor hotbox covering Detention, otherwise nobody home on the first two levels. By 4:15 in the afternoon everyone was generally long gone and free at last. Especially the elder Teachers who basically told Horton-Dexter to go to hell right at final bell. Ordinarily she would agree with them, but her students were just too much fun. Being a sexy hot MILF that looked 25 had that effect on them.
"Okay! Coast is clear it looks like." She peers around then recalls all the cameras Carl Manley had hiding in the halls and certain points of protective interest. Blowing kisses toward the ceiling in all directions she waved and spoke, "Hi Carl." It was just for fun should he be watching or looking them over tomorrow. "Let's really make his day." She lifts her skirt up in back and moons the emptiness of the halls. Dawning on her once she had done the deed was something that kind of spooked her. "He must be seeing what I'm doing in my classroom. Why hasn't he cornered me? For that matter I had sex in the hall with Reese and the boys this morning. He had to have seen that. Oh, my God! Why am I taking these risks? If I get fired or worse Henry will kill me."
As if a sign from God her cell rang. Digging into her purse in a nervous hurry she lit up the screen to view the caller contact. Jaw dropping she answers it looking everywhere. "Carl?"
"Will you fucking relax." He grumbled, "I've known what you've been doing forever. Have I reprimanded you?"
"No. You flirt on occasion. That has to be a good sign right?"
"Enjoy yourself. I am."
"When was the last time I said I love you?" She waved once more at any cam hiding from her, then blew kisses in all directions.
"Never. Cupid hasn't struck his mark I guess. Do whatever you want just know if something really bad gets out there I can only cover you so much. You know these punks."
"Nobody has burned me yet."
"You or Piper. Like I told her...have fun, be careful."
"Carl?"
"Yeah?"
"I do adore you."
"Not fucking you McKellen."
"Pooh! Spoil sport."
"I'd change that to my being a good sport."
"Love you Carl. Did you like my ass at least?"
"Every fucking inch of you, but that's beside the point. Go have your fun."
"One last thing. Did you install a camera in the gym?"
"Not yet. I have guys coming in this weekend to do that. After that crap with Travis Herbert it's long overdue. Why?"
"No reason." She giggles, "Bye bye my dream lover." She had worried that he might have seen her basketball practice hijinks. Protecting Reese Teller as much as herself was a necessary mission. The whole school technically.
Hanging up Josie skipped like a young girl halfway down the hall. Rounding the corner that led to the gym she chose to walk normally just to relax her nerves. Having Carl's blessing her heart was through the roof. Stupid no matter how you looked at it but she was beyond any course correction. If her life was destroyed she had no one else to blame but Hosie Josie. She couldn't even hold Piper responsible after encouraging her. She was so ready to adopt this new her without aid that Piper was just an added bonus like some comfy security blanket. Their friendship was all the spark she needed to escalate her desires. Curse? That remained to be seen.
Reaching the gym doors she slyly looked around the doorway to see if anyone was looking for her should she just show up without warning. An unfortunate expectation was delayed due to a pair of girls sitting up in the bleachers. With the dress code actively removed on Wednesday's both girls wore dresses like 60% of the females in school. Dresses were freedom in their minds. Too much freedom get down to it. Vagina was smiling from 30% of that 60. There were so many hardons today it was inspirational. Josie was high on crotch surfing with her own eyes all day long that Hang Ten was her motto.
"Well shoot!" She fidgeted, unprepared for female competition. She couldn't just strip off like yesterday not knowing if these girls were trouble or not. The girls in her 1st. period class were all into Josie so that gave her the confidence she needed for the most part. These girls though...iffy at best. Especially if they're the girlfriends of some of the players. Keeping things simple she just walked around the sidelines as if heading to see Roman. Trying not to look at the girls she did recognize one as Annette Pankau, a leggy blond with big green eyes and bigger breasts than Josie had. The other girl a brunette with hair barely touching her shoulders with blue streaks painted in to her curls was of mixed Asian influence. Her tan golden and very cute indeed, her chest more like Josie's.
Spotting Josie round the sidelines as if not paying much attention to them the boys paused in their shuffling procedures. The screeching of rubber tennis shoes quieting down gave Josie a clue that she was in their sights and frozen in time. Still ignoring them she smiled at the girls in passing.
"Hi Mrs. McKellen." Annette waved with a warm greeting.
"Hi Annette. Here to Coach the boys?" She smirked.
"No. Just to tease them."
"Oh really? Who's your boyfriend out there?"
"None of them."
"Yet!" The brunette giggled, "Working on it."
"We just felt like being evil and stayed after school to see if someone approached us."
"No takers?" Josie puckered her lower lip.
"I guess we don't know how to get their attention like you do." The Asian girl pointed behind Josie, in response she peers behind her to see every member of the team rubbing the crotches of their trunks boldly and uncaring. Winking at her ballers Josie turned back to the girls and pretended to look shocked.
"They have to be doing that for you two. Are they done yet?" Both girls shook their heads negatively at her.
"Maybe it's the nightie you're wearing." Asian girl Kim spoke up, "My mom wears one just like that."
"It's a dress." Josie stuck her tongue out at the girl. "Who are you?"
"Kim Zellers. I just moved to this district from Marquette. Annette and I knew each other from there so we were besties already."
"Hello Kim, welcome." Josie gnashed her teeth, "Are they still...?" This time their nods were up and down expressing shock. Kim less in wonderment than Annette tried not to laugh. Annette slowly put her hand over her mouth and bulged her eyes. "Do I dare look?" Without any reply to that question Josie tilted her chin to her shoulder and found four members of the team right behind her hands under their trunks rubbing their cocks. "Oh shit!" She mumbled.
Instead of remaining so close Josie feigned surprise and shuffled to the bleachers climbing the three steps up to where the girls sat and plopped down between them, forcing them to split up and scoot over. "I think I'm safer up here with you two." As Josie settled in, sitting her shoes and purse behind her she looked out over the floor. Reese had moved with the rest of the team right up to the first row, leading the charge all of the boys tugged their trunks down and starting jerking off. Eyes bulging at their insanity Josie sighed and put an elbow on each of the girls shoulders. "Set up, huh?"
Annette and Kim turned sideways in their seats and placed hands on Josie's upper thighs and began rubbing. Looking down at their caresses Josie shook her head. "Did you arrange this just in case?" She winced at Reese. No words spoken, Reese Teller nodded to the girls. Annette whispered into Josie's ear, "You're ours bitch." Taken back by Annette's persona change she trembled looking her way with a smile of, "If you say so.".
While distracted Kim ran her hand up Josie's already provocative skirt and taunted her clit with a nail. "I suppose I'm in trouble then." Annette nodded then drug Josie's micro thin chemise straps from her shoulders and peeled her dress down over her breasts revealing both. Within a single breath Annette leaned down and kissed Josie's left nipple. Josie tilted her head back and enjoyed the sensations. Kim joining Annette in easing over and swallowing Josie's right nipple made her gasp. "Shit! That feels incredible. I never would have thought of you to be like this Annette."
"I keep my freaky side secret."
"Obviously not that secretive if you're letting the boys encourage you like this. Not that I'm complaining." She giggled.
"The boys around here aren't the only ones to have the hots for you."
"I'm learning this more and more. One freak to another?"
"Uh huh?" Annette smiled her tongue swirling Josie's areola.
"We should do this alone sometime, the three of us."
"I'm in." Kim lifted her mouth away to offer her input on the offer. Annette laughed and continued feeding on the nipple before her.
Lookouts posted at the doors just like yesterday the remainder of the team kept nurturing their cocks enjoying the bi encounter unfolding before them. Josie found her beautiful young ladies enamoring to watch, snapping glances between their sensual hunger and the boys admiration. Seeing three hot women playing, there were an awful lot of purple crowns, the highest compliment a girl could get. Royal treatment Josie would say.
"Are you boys going to just stand there?" She beguiled them with a lustful stare over her brow. Reese took the lead and moved up between Josie's legs and barked an order, "Bitches? Pry this sluts cunt open for me." An awkward command verbally but Josie didn't truly care, she just wanted to see what would happen. Kim and Annette moved fingers down between her thighs, delicately digging through Josie's labia and hooked her interior pulling her tunnel wide to offer a beautiful entry point. Easing his cock in he prompts, "Keep it open." A second later he guides his cock inside and hits bottom. Josie gasped, her building juices misting around fingers and cock.
"YESSSSSSSSSS! Fuck I love you Reese."
"You love all of us Whore." He reaches up to grab her chin forcing eye contact, "Isn't that right?"
"Every single fucking one you. Girls included." She relented to his expectations. The girls merely watched as Reese fucked her in an awkward straddle between legs. Pulling out of Josie at ten thrusts he steps away and each of his teammates took turns for a prearranged ten hits. Josie was moaning up a storm. Annette and Kim were struggling to keep Josie's pussy wide, fingers numbing after the first four boys. Finally, they gave up and fanned their fingers to regain circulation. Seeing them Josie reached out for their hands and drew their fingers to her mouth to lick her wetness from them. Both girls wondered why they hadn't thought of that before she did. This led the girls back to her pussy for another couple boys until their knuckles were soaked. Releasing her lovely cunt yet again they sampled Josie for themselves. So good. So, so good. Their expressions said it all.
At thirteen boys Reese motioned the girls away with a snap. Both of the hotties moved aside and set off for the gym floor. Carrying a big fur blanket they had stuffed behind them to center court they laid it out, then dropped to their knees to wait on the others. Once the last three boys got in their ten thrusts Reese pulled Josie to her feet. Weak from her endeavor and unfortunate posture Reese just did as he had last night and tossed her over his shoulder. Careful in stepping down from the bleachers he carried Josie to center court and sat her down on the fur blanket. Admiring its soft texture she took her own dress off and stretched out on the rug getting cozy in a flirtatious petting of the fur.
Expecting the boys to join her for more she was shocked as Kim and Annette slipped their own dresses up over their heads and set them aside. "Mmmmm!" Josie smiled devilishly, "Thank you Piper Cherry. I'd never have appreciated this bi thing if not for you baby." She thought as the girls stretched out with her and snuggled in for more kissing and caressing. Limbs rubbing limbs with tempting sensitivity all three began to moan.
Hungers rising, Kim repositioned to drape her body over Josie then crawling back on the rug. Tongue wagging Kim feasted upon Josie's drenched pussy as Annette kissed Josie's neck, hands teasing her nipples. An emotional exhale of, "Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm!" Josie called Annette up to kiss her lips. Devouring one another Annette fed on their emotions, rising up to hold Josie's face to invoke an intense sweltering passion.
Guys surrounding the girls, jerked off to the show below. Admiring all three beauties only intensified their excitement. Lesbians were just as much fun to watch as straight chicks were. Equal opportunity lesbians even. When Reese ran it by Kim telling her he could get them Mrs. McKellen he cut a deal. After a brief consultation with Annette earlier in the day a one time pact was made. All in as Kim said earlier. While not truly bi-sexual the girls caved now and then.
With many of the ballers closing in on a healthy nut the girls worked that much harder on Josie. Kim feeding on Josie's sizzling hot clit, fingers probing deep inside brought Josie to a startling orgasm, her shout muffled by Annette's French kiss. Face drenched in Josie juice, Kim crawled her way North and joined Annette tapping her in. Feeling her girlfriend's coaxing Annette peeled her lips away tugging Josie's lower lip on the way out.
Repositioning herself to straddle Josie's tits Annette eased her pussy right over Josie's face and sat down on her chin. Josie shaking hard rose to the occasion and began eating Annette's gorgeous pussy, tongue frolicking inside the girl's wetness. Easing behind Annette's heart shaped ass Kim pried her cheeks apart and began tonguing Annette's butt pucker. A dueling feast made Annette cum hard almost instantly.
Above them guys began to lose it. Cum was raining all over them in one area or another. Although lesbian both Kim and Annette accepted their offering. Annette wore jizz all across her back and ass. One boy even dared to lift Annette's head up and splatter her face. She wasn't happy, wasn't pissed. Just tolerant.
Boys behind Kim enjoying her ass in the air fired on her bottom with everything they had. Of sixteen boys seven had snarled their last. Others moving in stood by stroking hard. With Kim being the only one not satisfied Annette rolled off of Josie allowing the Lit Teacher to seek a new transition. Rolling to her knees Josie stormed Kim's mouth and kissed her with savagery. Kim caught off guard melted to Josie's intensity and they wrestled their way back to the blanket. Josie broke the kiss and eased her way South over Kim's tits, warm lips sucking upon them for very short periods then moving on over her firm belly. Closing in on Kim's furry pubes she nestled to inhale her sweet scent then burrowed her tongue in eating. Kim was a screamer, not a single boy there restrained her. Let it all out Bitch. Bring it on.
Annette grimacing at all the male cum coating her found her way back to Josie's butt and did her own tour of booty duty, tongue lashing, fingers burrowing into her cute anus. More boys joined the battle lines and shot off, nailing Josie's back. Kim found an unexpected double barreled load on her face right as her mouth gaped wide mid scream. Nearly choking on jizz in her mouth she just let it drain and enjoyed Josie McKellen's newfound talents. All three ladies were building up a symphony of cumstruction. Fingers in both her ass and her cunt Josie was pulsating within. Trying her best to hold out and join the girls upon their own finales was becoming hard. More jizz flew on Annette and Josie. A chaotic three-way of shaking limbs and yelping fatigue the battle rallied to a pretzel of contorted bodies squirting everywhere. In the riot of screeching lovers, all of the young men left unloaded hard on each of the beauties.
"Bukkake Hockey!" Reese made it be known. Laughter all around as guys put away their hoses, leaving the girls to coo in each others arms. Josie was still rolling cum all over her chest and belly. The girls rubbing cum off themselves fed Josie their unwanted mess. Smearing Josie from head to toe in whatever cum they could remove from their bodies she was one hell of a mess.
Hearing a cellphone ringing Josie perked up. "That's me." She recognized the ringtone. Hopping up she slips on the blanket but two of the boys caught her fall and help her escape the fur bedding. Wiggling naked across the gym floor to the bleachers she plucked up her purse and pulled her cell out. It was Coach Roman Crandell.
"Hey Baby! I'm on my way. Give me a few minutes to freshen up. What? Awww! Why didn't Dakota tell me that? Thank you for letting me know. If you overhear anything else let me know. See you shortly."
Hanging up Josie finds the girls dressed and bringing Josie her own chemise, blanket rolled up in Annette's possession. "Do you hate us for being manipulative cunts?" Annette grit her teeth.
"Of course not. We are so doing that again." She takes her dress then slips it on over her stunning body. Sticky in spots the girls assisted her in pulling it on. "While I never expected this out of you Annette Pankau I'm honored you wanted me."
"I did too." Kim chimed in, "I doubt you remember me, but I met you when your daughter Dakota played volleyball last year. Horton-Dexter played against Marquette, you sat next to my parents."
"Home side by accident. I remember being drug away by my daughter Sable once we realized it. Your mom was beautiful I can see where you got your looks."
"My dad's in the Army, he got deployed again two months ago. She moved us over this way to be closer to my older sister Jin."
"How old is Jin?" Josie found a wet wipe in her purse and cleaned her face and neck. So much for make up.
"24. She dances. Jin got her college degree recently in Physical Education. She's hoping to get on here at Horton-Dexter taking Coach Dunbar's place when she retires."
"That would be wonderful. If she needs a reference I'd be glad to talk to Carl. I got Piper on, no reason I can't get Jin on."
"That would be so awesome." Kim jumped in step, "I knew I licked you."
"Liked even." Annette giggled.
"I lick you too. Both of you." Josie put her shoes back on, "I need to go." Stepping away she blew kisses at the ballers now that they returned to practicing. Reese broke rank and sprinted up to Josie stopping her briefly.
"Tomorrow morning before 1st. period?"
"I might have a problem at home. I'll text you if I can get away. Reese, I'm having the time of my life. Thank you."
"Lots more crazy little things planned up here. You just do what I tell you when I tell you. Got it?"
"Got it." She bats her eyes. "Fuck me longer next time. No more of this Big Ten crap."
"We'll work on that. Later slut."
"Have a good night. Fantasize about me before bed."
"Always." He forced a smoldering kiss upon her. One that made her palm his cheek until the thrill faded enough to leave them both sighing at one another. "Too clingy?"
"Never! Sticky or not, here I come Roman." She giggled as she made her escape. Reese knew where the slut was headed.
Her coat was clingy too.
Off to be a good sport.