COCKS I'VE SEEN AND FELT and other secrets by Dollie
This is all out of order because I am not a writer. Sorry.
I'm far from an expert and actually a slow learner when it comes to sex games. The following are things I've noticed in over 50 years playing my husband's fantasy games. It's personal things I should have never told.
We both hate to repeat but sometimes a little history helps with each story. My husband has always wanted us to swap or me just let other men have sex with me. To some this is strange but I got used to him asking and other men begging me.
I know, many women will say this never happens to them. Well many women don't dress like I did or go those places my husband took me. Believe me what you wear and how you act makes a difference.
Still I didn't even pay much attention to other cocks until after we retired and moved to Florida. In our new location I just got more daring and willing to try different things.
Well that's not really true. For over those 50 years I was a sex toy for many men but never for intercourse. In those times I did see and feel a few other cocks. But it was mostly just during photo shoots and at places where men were naked.
My life changed forever after we both were having problems walking far. My husband hated porn sites but a couple years back he joined a few. I'd watch things with him and decided I really do need to try those things while I still can. There are stories about this.
Now for some random cock information. You'll meet these men later on. Cleo's black penis is the fattest and longest I've ever seen. Still years ago north of Chicago I saw my first big black cock during my first ever photo shoots letting men hold my boobs. Maybe it was even longer but not as fat as Cleo's.
We are just guessing that they both were 12" long. I held that other one up north. The big guy rubbed it all over my bare ass and legs while Denny took some of our first nude pictures with strangers. I'll never forget that prick! Cleo's fucked me many times. I know it was too big around!
Denny's used to be 10" but not as fat and not circumcised. When I was in my teens I could only take part of Denny's. But he still put it all the way in a lot of times. He couldn't help it. The longer he fucked me the farther he shoved it in.
My pussy stretched over time and after kids. It always hurt bad when Denny hit bottom but I still begged him to keep ramming it in. I thought I had to let my husband use my pussy any way he wanted to. When he lifted my legs high above my head as I laid on my back I nearly passed out with his repeated deep thrusts.
It was just as painful when he held my boobs for leverage and rammed it deep while I was on my hands and knees. He called this doggie style. He said there were times I passed out getting rammed repeatedly these ways. Still I begged him to keep doing it like that.
It's strange how I loved it yet it hurt so bad. This all changed after my third baby, a hysterectomy, and other female surgeries. Now I almost feel bottomless.
Most other pricks I remember over the years were 6" to 8". Probably some were larger, a few much smaller. Back then I never looked that close and Denny looked away unless he was taking our pictures. He wasn't about to look at another prick he said.
Nude beach friend Dales' is probably 8". We think Dale told us his was 8". He was the first after retiring that I really began noticing. After retiring we both checked out men's penis' as Denny fantasized me being fucked by them. It made me so hot thinking about those cocks in me.
BP's our motel owner friend's maybe 7". Neither one has fucked me yet. Both have fingered me for years off and on.
About half of the new fourteen men I've messed with so far around here and had in me are 9" to 10" and the rest probably 6" to 8". These are just our guesses and what the men tell us. Some look larger and a few seem smaller.
The larger ones were hurting me too bad. I told all of the men with very larger sizes I can't take it anymore so I have been only meeting six or seven with 6" to 8". Try keeping up with six men some days and a husband in your spare time! This was late fall 2014.
More about big Cleo. Big black Cleo's prick has a very large shiny black head as big as a small fist. I couldn't take it until others fucked me and filled me with hot jazz. Even then Cleo's was too fat and when it hit bottom it hurt like hell. Him and others just kept banging away until I was looser but so sore I really couldn't enjoy it. I just got sort of numb.
This was mostly during those early gang bangs that sometimes lasted for hours. I know once 5 or 6 men or more fucked me all day and night until the next morning. I guess I slept through a lot of it. It was after a few more times like that I decided no more anal or oral.
I never could swallow and earlier rectal surgeries left my butt hole too small. None of this mattered to those gang bangers. I was just a cum bucket for them and pain didn't matter. Some came in my ass hole a lot and at least one or more came in my mouth. I only remember my mouth having jazz in it but I never got sick so must have been asleep or something.
I let different sized groups gang bang me for almost two months off and on but was so sore I had to take breaks for over a week sometimes. It really wasn't fun after awhile. Don't want to do that again but it was interesting while it lasted. No one else was to blame but me. I asked to try it.
About black pricks being bigger. Except for big black Cleo with his oversized prick Denny and a couple other white men had big pricks too. Just not as fat as Cleo's. Most of any color seem to be 6" to 8" and sort of smooth and wiener shaped. But that's just the ones I've seen over many years. I'm mostly going by these last fourteen that I've seen and felt up close and personal many times.
Since my pussy shrunk the 6" straight slim cocks feel the best. Here I am talking like a pro and this is all new to me. But the nearly 200 times I've been fucked since May 2014, and mostly fucked twice or more each time, I guess I have experience now. This was in the fall of 2014.
Most of these guys say their wives hardly ever did fuck them or anyone else. So in my short time fucking I've outdone many women. All I know Is I'm having fun and making these horny retirees happy.
The good thing is men with a smaller cock love my tight small pussy. It does stretch over time just like when I was young. Funny, now I wish it was larger like it used to be. I love those bigger cocks. But I found out size really does not matter as long as it's hard and they are clean and friendly.
It's really the size of the head that makes a difference. I can handle some fat cocks if they are smaller at the end. Those fist sized heads like old Cleo has just won't fit without being forced. Like I wrote, Cleo always had to go after everyone else filled me up with semen. It reminded me of how Denny could never get his in our redheaded friend Charlotte.
We decided on me only fucking a few of these new regular friends now with a smaller cock. I always tell them ahead of time to make sure they are clean. I can't believe they still want an old lady. About all I do is lay there with my legs spread.
I hate to mention this. Hubby tricked me into letting a few men with smaller short cocks do me anal. Gordy was one. His is under 6" and surprisingly wasn't bad. I still don't like it in my butt although sometimes I'll take it to get my way for other things.
Since I can't swallow I make sure my partners are clean so I can kiss, lick and chew to get them hard or satisfy their demands for oral. I've found out different semen does taste different and some is actually pretty good. I make sure I don't overdo it and never let them shoot in my mouth.
My job is to make my fuck buddies happy so they'll make me happy. For two years it's worked great and every partner is now our friend. We stopped looking for more men long ago.
How do I get my fuck buddies?
Dollie's Bonus Story
For a long time I'd wear nothing but a very short mini skirt and a top that barely kept my boobs in. We'd go to remote boat ramps and fishing docks or small hiking trails where a few old men would hang out.
We'd find out many were lonely after moving down here and having their wives die. Others have wives who haven't had sex in 10 to 20 years. This meant there are many lonely old men who haven't seen or felt a woman in a long time.
All I had to do was move about so my ass, pussy, and tits were visible. We are sure many had never seen a bare pussy or titties, at least in many years.
We didn't have to do much except make it known they could look and touch. The asking to fuck was all up to those men. I soon had 40 new old men fuck buddies, as hubby calls them. Later an old guy set us up with a few college boys from the next city. Now I had 40 old men and 20 or more kids.
Some of the old men can't get or keep an erection so they just play with me like everyone did in the past. I still love that as much as intercourse.
I couldn't find time for all of them even though I tried. Hubby cut me down to around 20 older men and 10 of the college guys. We rotate sometimes 4 or 5 many mornings with an hour between each.
Only one man at a time now because hubby says it's getting too hard on my old body. But he still surprises me with groups of fuck buddy friends now and then. Some of those group games have been more than I wanted but so far it's been exciting. The tickle games, blind folds, and bondage are not what I really liked.
I realize I'm a nympho like my mom and older sister. I want fucked all the time. It's a sickness that I'm enjoying right now before we move. So I repeated a lot.