It was a warm night and before pulling the blind and getting ready for bed Katherine went to the window, opened it, and just enjoyed the breeze. Spring was definitely here, with the scent of new growth wafting through the air.
A movement caught her eye and she looked around, trying to see what had caught her eye. There was nothing obvious in sight and she shrugged, dismissing it. Probably a cat or a bird. She was about to turn away when she spotted the movement again. There was someone moving behind the darkened window that wasn't quite opposite her bedroom.
Katherine considered for a moment. The corner bedroom was Mr. Wilson's. The one next to it was Trevor's, if she remembered correctly. Yes, that's who it was. He was trying to spy into her bedroom. No matter. With the blinds drawn let him look all he liked.
About to reach for the blinds, Katherine paused, considering angles. From where he was standing, Trevor could only see certain parts of her room. As long as she only stayed in the other sections of the room, or only showed her back when she was in the viewable area, she could drive the swine wild with frustration. That'd teach him to peep.
Over in his bedroom, Trevor fumed. Damn it, why didn't she turn around. When Katherine had forgotten to pull the blinds he'd thought he was in for a show. But she'd had her back to him while she took her shirt off and had then walked out of site. When she'd returned she had a pyjama top on. Then he'd seen her wriggling and bending and he'd known, he'd just known, that she was taking her jeans off, but she was too near the window and he couldn't see below her waist. Then the lights had gone out.
Katherine laughed to herself. That had been fun. She hoped he had an erection so big it exploded. Damned peeping tom.
Over in his own bedroom, Andrew, Trevor's father, had been amused. He'd walked into his bedroom but just before he went to turn the light on he'd seen Katherine getting undressed. From his position he had an excellent view of her bedroom, and he'd thoroughly enjoyed the little show, though there had been something odd about it that he couldn't quite put his finger on. He made a mental note to drop a word to Katherine about pulling her blind.
The next night Katherine again noticed that Trevor's light was out, and she again put on a little show for him, this time turning as she crossed the viewable area, topless, so that he could see her breasts from the side. She had quite nice breasts, and it amused her to flash him a little.
She again failed to realise that Andrew also happened to be in his bedroom when the little show started, and with his superior vantage point he saw a damn sight more than a side flash of boob. Andrew noted that Katherine had grown into quite an attractive young woman, who was old enough to shave certain areas, and did.
Andrew was a little puzzled by Katherine's performance over the last two nights. Up until then she had been conscientious about drawing her blinds each night, now for two nights in a row he had received a free show.
Another night, and Andrew stopped by to speak to Trevor before continuing to his bedroom. This time, Andrew noted, Katherine had drawn her blinds. Pity.
After a week or so of intermittent flashing, Andrew finally realised just what was going on. If his or Trevor's light was on, the blinds were drawn and there was no show. No lights and the show would start.
The oddity of what he was observing also became clear. The positions Katherine took when undressing were always calculated to give a viewer from Trevor's room tantalising and teasing glimpses. A glimpse of boobs from the side occasionally, an apparently accidental full view that only lasted for a second. The little minx suspected that Trevor was peeping at her and was deliberately teasing him.
Unfortunately for her, she totally forgot that Andrew had a much better view of her bedroom, and when she undressed he could see everything she had. Problem now was what to do with the little exhibitionist and what to do about his peeping tom son.
Actually, now that he considered his son, the solution was easy. The boy had long outgrown the small bedroom he was in, but it would make an excellent office for Andrew. Accordingly, Trevor a few days later found himself being moved into what had been the guestroom, complete with en suite. It would be Trevor's responsibility to keep the en suite clean and tidy, otherwise Andrew would kick him around the house until he did so.
Leaving the light on in Trevor's old room would let Katherine see that it was now an office, not a bedroom, and that would probably stop her shenanigans. Andrew made a note to himself to do that. Sometime. No hurry. There were other things that had priority. Like getting a nice camera.
Over the next few weeks Andrew viewed some excellent performances from Katherine. The more she did her little exhibitionist shows the more she wanted to do them, offering longer and more explicit displays to an audience that she had not realised had departed.
Then came a long weekend. Katherine's parents were away for the weekend and Andrew had gone camping with some friends. Perhaps it was time Andrew mentioned to Katherine that Trevor had shifted rooms and she could stop her performances.
Seeing Katherine walking past on her way home on Saturday, Andrew called out to her.
"Excuse me, Katherine, but have you got a minute?"
"Oh, hi, Mr. Wilson. How can I help you?"
"I seem to have acquired something that I think is yours. Would you care to come and see it and confirm. It's in my office."
Katherine followed Andrew into the house and was startled when they headed into what she had thought was Trevor's bedroom but was now obviously an office.
"I thought that this was Trevor's room," she said, a touch of chagrin in her voice.
"It was," confirmed Andrew, "but he moved into what was the guest rooms a few weeks back. It gives him more space and better privacy now that he's getting older. Now if you'll excuse me a moment while I set this running."
Katherine turned to see what Andrew was doing, feeling a little silly. All that careful flashing to an empty room. It didn't seem fair.
A film came up on the screen, and Katherine blushed. It was a picture of a nude woman, showing a fairly close up view of her genitals. She opened her mouth to protest when Andrew spoke.
"Keep watching. I think you'll find this interesting," he told her firmly.
Katherine glanced back at the monitor and saw that the camera was panning back, showing more of the woman and the surrounding area, which were starting to look familiar. With a sickening feeling in her stomach Katherine watched as her face came into view while she danced around her room naked. She'd positioned herself so that Trevor could only see occasional flashes. She hadn't even considered what Mr. Wilson would be able to see from his bedroom.
"Interesting isn't it," said Andrew with a smile. "I've put together several of your little shows. You have an amazing figure. Very sexy and enticing. Would you care to explain why you've been giving me these little exhibitions?"
Katherine was stunned. What the hell could she say? "I was teasing Trevor, not you." That'd go over real well, she didn't think.
"What are you going to do now?" she asked, a terrible sinking feeling in her stomach.
"There are so many options, aren't there?" said Andrew. "Possibly give it to your father to let him know what his daughter is doing, or would you rather I just pass it on to Trevor? I suspect that it was him these shows were aimed at. Then again, if I gave it to Trevor, he'd probably put it up on YouTube."
Katherine was white.
"You can't do that," she whispered. "People would see me. I'd be a laughing stock. Boys would be all over me."
"I suppose an alternative would be for you to come into my bedroom and you can give me a private demonstration of your stripping skills," said Andrew. "In exchange, you'll get the memory stick with the video which you can keep or purge as you desire."
"That's all?" asked Katherine hopefully. "I just have to undress for you, and then you'll give me the video. And there are no other copies."
"Effectively. You get the video, my assurance that I haven't kept a copy and you do a strip and yield your lovely body to me once you're naked."
Andrew waited, watching as that last phrase sank slowly into Katherine's consciousness. Her relieved look at getting of lightly changed to shock as she realised just what he was saying.
"You mean you want me to..." her voice faltered, unable to say what she meant.
"I mean," said Andrew, "that you will take off your clothes while I watch, and then I will take you to my bed and I will have sex with you while you co-operate."
"How do you know I'm not a virgin?" protested Katherine. "You can't ask me do go to bed with you."
"Virginity can be cured," Andrew told her. "And I can ask, but you're entitled to refuse."
"But if I refuse, I don't get the video," pointed out Katherine.
"There is that," admitted Andrew, "but I'm sure you'll get used to seeing it on the net."
He had her over a barrel, Katherine realised. She either went to bed with him or he would use the film.
She glared at him.
"You're bluffing," she decided. "You wouldn't put it on the net. You wouldn't do that to me just for sex."
"Clever girl," said Andrew, laughing. "What will I do with it?"
The truth dawned on her. He'd give the damned thing to her father with a righteous demand that she pull her blinds and stop trying to tempt him and Trevor, and her father would go spare. She shuddered at the thought.
Andrew could see her surrender. He didn't force her to say it, just indicated that she should precede him through the door. They moved down to his bedroom, where Andrew lounged back on the bed.
Katherine bit her lip. How the hell was she supposed to just take her clothes off with him lying there watching her? Especially knowing that as soon as she had them off he was going to drag her onto the bed.
She felt like screaming in frustration. Sighing she reached down and pulled her t-shirt loose from her jeans.
Andrew watched, a slight smile on his face, enjoying the sight of Katherine slowly undressing. As far as he was concerned, having her undress up close and personal was far superior to the frustration of watching her strip from a distance.
With her t-shirt off, Katherine paused. What now? Her bra, and have her boobs dangle while she tried to take her jeans off, or do her jeans first, putting off any actual exposure for as long as possible.
If he wants a show he can have a show, she decided, reaching around to take off her bra. She had nice breasts and he could look as hard as she liked while she was struggling to take her jeans off.
Unbutton and unzip was easy, but the jeans were so tight it wouldn't be a case of wiggle her bottom and then slide down. She had to take of her shoes first and then ease the jeans off an inch at a time. And if Andrew became frustrated waiting for them to come off, that was his problem, not hers. Taking her time, and a little extra, Katherine eased them off.
Now her panties. Katherine hesitated again. As soon as they were off he'd grab her, or something. She put her hands to her panties waist, but was reluctant to actually pull them down. Although she'd peeled them off in the film, she hadn't known that anyone could actually see her at the time.
Seeing her hesitation, Andrew decided that this was a sticking point. If the panties didn't come down she could easily change her mind. Sitting up he beckoned Katherine to step closer.
Moving toward Andrew, Katherine guessed what he wanted. Somehow, it felt easier to let him take her panties down than to do it herself. It put him in charge. He was stripping her, not her undressing for him. She watched nervously as Andrew moved her hands aside, taking their place on her panties waist. Unlike her, he had no hesitation, slowly drawing them down, staring at her as he slowly revealed her hidden pussy.
Once the panties had been pulled part way down it was the work of a moment to drop them and have Katherine step out of them. Andrew drew his hand along Katherine's body, gently rubbing her mons. Then he directed her to sit on the bed while he stood.
Andrew quickly stripped off his shirt and singlet, kicked off his shoes and undid his trousers. Dropping his trousers and stepping out of them, Andrew stood in front of Katherine and waited.
Looking at Andrew standing there, nearly naked, Katherine felt heat and excitement rising within her. She knew what was coming and she was already anticipating that initial entry by this man. What she wondered, was he waiting for. Then she realised.
Reaching over, Katherine took Andrew's underpants and started pulling them down, watching as she saw the head of his erection becoming evident as the underpants lowered. She gulped, but kept steadily pulling them down, watching the full shaft come into view.
Despite her earlier hint, Katherine wasn't exactly a virgin. Definitely not very experienced, but not totally without any. She had also had experience seeing a few cocks, as young men always seemed willing to show them off and expected you to touch them in appreciation. She was now finding that there was a definite difference between a young man still maturing and a fully mature male.
Was she supposed to touch him? Suddenly she didn't care if she was supposed to or not. If she was going to get fucked whether she wanted to or not, then she was going to have fun doing so. She took hold of Andrew, feeling the size and weight of him. Her fingers explored, running up and down the shaft and rubbing the head.
Andrew almost yelped with shock when Katherine took hold of him. He was expecting to have to convince a reluctant woman to lie down and accept him, not have her grab his cock and start doing push-ups on it.
He let her play for a moment, only to receive another shock when Katherine murmured "My boyfriend is always trying to persuade me to do this," right before her head lowered and her mouth closed over him.
Katherine was laughing to herself, remembering the shock on Andrew's face. Serves you right, she thought, for taking me for granted. Vaguely she wondered if she was doing it right as her tongue licked over his cock and her teeth rasped lightly across the head. From the muffled groan she heard, she suspected that she was.
Andrew groaned quietly to himself. If he wasn't to be rendered useless he had to take charge of what was going on. Reluctantly he lifted Katherine up and away from him, pressing her back onto the bed. He held her there, one hand between her breasts while the other was placed on her mound, already squeezing and kneading it.
While he continued to stroke her labia and probe gently into her slit his head came down on her breasts, kissing and tasting. A gentle suction on each nipple in turn and they were standing proud, while Katherine was twisting under him, offering her breasts for his attention.
Katherine could feel strange sensation rippling out from around her breasts as Andrew suckled gently on them, teasing her nipples and causing her breasts to swell. She'd had boys grope at her breasts before, all too often if the truth be known, but she'd never felt them reacting like this. I wonder if it's the knowledge that I'm about to get screwed that is making them more sensitive, she mused, twisting about, trying to feel everything at once.
She could feel Andrew's fingers running wild inside her now, and she could feel her hips pushing up, offering herself to him. Soon, she thought, but those incredible touches just continued, teasing her, driving her wild.
"Please!" The cry burst out of her, desperation pushing at her, wanting fulfilment.
Then Andrew had twisted and was lying on top of her, between thighs that had separated without her knowing how. She could feel his fingers parting her lips and could sense his approaching erection.
"No," she gasped, and saw Andrew draw back slightly with surprise.
"I want to watch," she said.
Andrew nodded and lifted away from her. He encouraged her knees to rise and spread further, and then drew one of her hands down to lie on her mound. She looked at him waiting, and nodded to herself. Pushing her hand a little further down she stretched her lips apart, exposing her inner self to him, watching as he pointed his weapon towards her.
Slowly Andrew pushed himself towards the waiting woman, at first just letting himself rest against her, but then pushing a little, moving past the spread lips and feeling them close over him.
Katherine watched, anticipation coursing through her as Andrew pressed against her. She gulped as she saw the size of what was going to enter her, then gasped as she felt it moving in. She moved her hand away from her lips, watching them close over the head, and knowing that she was now committed.
Still watching and feeling, Katherine gasped as Andrew slowly moved in, taking possession. He wasn't in a hurry, just providing a firm and steady pressure, to which her vagina swelled and stretched and yielded, letting him enter.
Andrew heard Katherine give a sigh of satisfaction as he finally slid fully home. He smiled at her, meeting her tentative answering smile, her attention more than half concentrated at what was happening between her thighs. His hands closed over her breasts, playing with them, while he let Katherine watch him withdrawing. Almost out he paused and waited. Katherine waited, and when Andrew didn't move she looked questioningly at him. He grinned at her, winked, and drove fully back into her, causing her to shriek in surprise.
Katherine screamed with the sudden sensations flooded over her. She'd thought she'd known what to expect, but obviously she'd been mistaken. That first gentle entry and the pleasant sensation engendered had lulled her into a false sense of security.
This forceful second entry had created a surge of more violent sensations. Katherine didn't know if they were pleasant or not, but they were certainly forceful, demanding that she heed them. Before she had time to sort out her feelings she could feel Andrew moving again, and then another rough drive flooded her emotions again, triggering another scream.
Damn him, she thought. I will not let him use his cock to dictate to me. As she felt him pulling back again she twisted herself, readying for the next thrust. She felt him pause and found herself pushing firmly up to meet his thrust, catching him by surprise, but still finding herself screaming again as he crashed home.
Andrew laughed down at Katherine as she squealed with his down thrusts, laughing even harder as she glared up at him, struggling to adapt to his thrusts.
It wasn't long before they had matched their movements, Katherine laughing triumphantly as she went with him, enjoying these new sensations, quite happy to go with them to see where they led. She was enjoying the journey and anticipating the destination.
Now that they had finally established a rhythm, Andrew took his time, drawing a response from Katherine, watching her respond eagerly. He could see her watching him as he took her higher, gasping and panting with pleasure at the previously unknown sensations rioted through her.
Katherine watched Andrew, happy to see the look on his face as he plunged into her, while at the same time relishing the feelings flooding up from where he was relentlessly pounding her, while at the same time minor versions of these feelings slowly emanated from where he teased her breasts. She had a feeling that something would happen when the two sets of feeling ran into each other.
Andrew watched Katherine's eyes close. She was now totally lost to all but the sensations playing through her body. That was fair enough. He knew how she felt. He took a slight pause, just enough to throw her rhythm off, and then slammed into her, catching her unawares, and Katherine's eyes went wide and she screamed as her climax crashed into her, initiated by the subtle change.
Katherine could feel Andrew thrusting powerfully into her, feel his seed flooding her and she screamed as she felt herself convulsing around him, desperate to hold him within her as she took her fill of him.
Those few moments seemed to stretch for ever before snapping, leaving her first floating and then sinking back down, to finally awaken and finding Andrew holding her.
They both dressed quietly afterwards. Andrew handed Katherine the memory stick as she was leaving, with a promise and a warning.
"I will give you my word that that is the only copy I made of the film," he told her, "but it is only fair to tell you that I still have the camera and if you give any more little shows you may find yourself having to redeem a new film."
Katherine tossed her head and said nothing, just smiling smugly. She would check out the film when she got home. It might be fun to keep it. As for any other little shows, if she wanted to she would. She'd just proved that she could take anything Andrew could dish out. It might be fun to see how far she could push him before he demanded a second payment.