Derek and I stepped into the elevator. After my earlier stroll wearing nothing but my sling swimsuit, I felt almost overdressed in my black slip, black thong, black stockings and black bustier.
As we rode in the elevator, I looked in the mirror and admired how my skin seemed to glow – had it been the time in the sun, or the sex in the room an hour before? Perhaps the anticipation of the evening to come, including a small, mysterious duffle bag that Derek was bringing with him for our night on the town.
We walked out of the air conditioned lobby into the early evening, where a stretch Escalade awaited. The driver opened the back door, leering slightly at my erect nipples as he held it open, and Derek waited as I climbed in. The other five men were already inside, a couple of them sipping drinks. Martin picked up the camcorder and began recording.
"Sorry we're late, guys," Derek said as he sat down on my right, with Marshall to my left, as the vehicle slowly pulled away from the hotel. "Our little lady here needed a little satisfaction in the shower." Marshall put one arm around my shoulders, and squeezed my breast through my slip with his other hand.
"No problem, Derek," Billy said as he and the others watched Marshall fondle my breasts and kiss my neck. Derek leaned next to me and whispered in my ear...
"Tammy, you're not supposed to be sitting on your slip, remember?"
I lifted myself up slightly off the seat, and pulled my slip up to my hips, then lowered my bare ass to the soft leather seat.
"That's better," Derek said as he ran a finger slowly up the inside of my thigh.
"Hey Tammy," Martin called from behind the camcorder, "how about you spread those legs and show us your panties?" The other men clapped enthusiastically, and I looked into the camera as I slowly spread my thighs, my black lacy thong and stockings in sharp contrast to the pale white skin of my upper thighs.
Marshall's hand slid up my left thigh, stroking my bare skin, before his fingers slowly pulled my thong to one side, exposing my tender pussy lips. Marshall drove his tongue into my mouth as his fingers toyed with the rapidly moistening flesh between my legs.
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Billy moving towards me. "That pussy looks good enough to eat," he announced to his friends. "So I think that's just what I'm going to do."
A moment later, I felt his tongue flicking across the sensitive folds, as Marshall continued to French kiss me and Derek pulled down my slip, exposing my right breast and pinching the nipple between his thumb and forefinger. I reveled in the tongues and touches of three men, and felt another orgasm begin to well up inside me.
I saw Martin move closer with the camcorder, to capture Billy's tongue between my legs.
"Don't let her come too fast," Derek told Billy. "She has to earn it," he added as he lowered his mouth to my breast.
Billy pulled back from between my legs. "Not to worry, Derek, I can time this exactly right." I briefly wondered about Billy's odd response, but forgot about it as I felt Billy's lips move to my bare upper thigh, kissing and licking the sensitive skin, while Derek continued to tease my nipple and Marshall continued to French kiss me.
I swam in the delicious sensations coursing through my body as the vehicle moved through the neon-lit streets of Las Vegas. Billy occasionally teased my pussy with his tongue as I sensed the limo moving slowly – maybe we were stuck at red light or something...
"OK Billy," Derek whispered as he squeezed my breast hard in his hand. "Make her come."
Billy spread my thighs wide and drove his tongue deep into my pussy. I closed my eyes, anticipating my imminent orgasm, when I heard the sound of the limo window on my left being lowered. I gasped as I realized we were at a Starbucks drive-thru window, and the man working the window would have an unobstructed view of my orgasm.
Billy's tongue started working furiously on my clit, and I gasped as I stared at the college kid in the coffee shop, his eyes wide as he handed a couple of trays full of drinks through the lowered window of the limo. I stared into his eyes for a moment, feeling a twin rush of excitement and embarrassment, until finally I closed my eyes and surrendered my body to the pleasure that Billy's tongue was trying to draw from it.
Gasping for breath, I opened my eyes again to see the young man leaning on his elbows, watching me. "Thanks for the tip," he said with a smile. "Hope the rest of your night is as good as that was!" he added.
With awhirrrrr, the window closed again and we pulled back into traffic. My head fell back against the seat as I recovered from an orgasm made all the more powerful by my having it while a total stranger watched. Billy sat back in his seat, a huge smile on his face.
"Enjoy that, Tammy?" Derek said as he pinched my nipple again. "I...um...yes, yes, I did enjoy that," I admitted breathlessly. "Then I think you'll quite enjoy the rest of the evening," Derek said with a smile.
For a few more minutes we drove through the city – David unzipped his trousers and asked me to suck him as we continued to the restaurant. Kneeling in front of him, with Martin recording the whole scene for posterity, I slowly licked and sucked David's cock, until I felt the limo stop, and heard the driver's door open and slam shut.
I returned to my seat, covering up my breasts with my slip, just before the driver opened the door to the passenger compartment. "I think you'll like the dinner we have planned for you, Tammy," Derek said with a smile as he reached for the small duffle bag.
We all stepped out of the limousine, in front of what appeared to be an old Victorian home that had been converted into a restaurant. Derek put his hand around my waist, rubbing the silk against my skin, as we walked up the steps and through the front door.
Derek spoke briefly to the hostess, an attractive, dark-haired woman perhaps a year or two younger than me, who smiled at me as she led the seven of us to a large, private dining room that was softly lit, with a set of candles on the table and on the mantle of a fireplace on one wall.
Derek motioned to a chair, and held it for me as I sat down, then he sat down on my right side, with Martin to my left.
"So what brings you to Vegas?" the hostess asked as she filled our water glasses. Derek put his arm around me and smiled. "The six of us are trying to breed our white friend Tammy here," he said casually. "Would you believe she's been fucked more than twenty-five times in the last 24 hours?" My heart raced as I listened to Derek's summary of the weekend.
"Well, she sure looks like she's enjoying it," the hostess said, winking at me. "My name is Penny, I'll check back with you through the evening just to make sure you have everything you need."
She turned in the doorway, and spoke to Derek. "Just to let you know, our wait staff are very discreet, and our walls are quite thick and soundproof – one of the benefits of older construction."
Derek nodded, as she closed the door.
"Tammy, you're sitting on your slip again," he said as he glanced at my lap. I lifted myself up off the chair slightly, pulled up my slip, and sat down again, the cool, smooth wood hard against my bare ass.
I looked around the circular table, to see that Derek and his friends weren't looking at the menu, but rather, were looking at him expectantly. I saw him reach down and place the duffle bag on his lap.
"Tammy, we're going to have a very nice dinner here tonight," Derek began. "And we've got a little present for you, between the main course and the dessert."
He unzipped the duffle bag, reached in and slowly withdrew a long, black dildo, placing it on the table in front of me. I stared at the thick phallus – it was shaped like a penis at one end, and at the other it rounded off and had perhaps an inch long, quarter-inch thick extension connected to a flat base.
As Derek placed a tube of lubricant next to the dildo, my heart raced as I realized it was a butt plug.
"After you've finished your dinner, you'll wear this in your ass for the rest of the evening, until we get back to the room," he said as he placed a hand on my thigh, moving slowly upwards to my pussy.
I stared as if hypnotized by the inanimate object on the table before me, the black latex such a stark contrast to the starched white tablecloth.
I looked at Derek, my eyes conveying both my apprehension and acceptance of his wishes. He smiled, and handed a menu to me. "I understand they have an excellent Chilean sea bass," Derek said, turning his attention to the menu.
A tuxedo-clad waiter opened the door, accompanied by an assistant. We ordered a couple of bottles of wine, and as the assistant set out our wine glasses, he nonchalantly moved the black dildo and lubricant closer to the middle of the table.
The dinner and wine were excellent, though every time I moved a fork or spoon to my food, my eyes momentarily focused on the black butt plug that hovered just beyond the edge of my dinner plate. Occasionally, one of the men would walk behind me to fondle my breasts, or kiss me deeply, sometimes while the waiter or his assistant watched.
As the men told stories and laughed, the wine glasses were attentively refilled, and I finally consumed the last forkful of sea bass on my plate.
In a few minutes, as the staff busied themselves clearing dishes, Derek leaned over to whisper in my ear.
"Ready, Tammy?" Derek said with a smile. I gulped, and looked down at the butt plug. "Um, yeah...I...I guess I am," I stuttered.
Derek stroked the bare skin of my back above my slip. "Very good. Why don't you go stand by the fireplace, turn your back to the table, and put it in, so we can all have a good view?"
I blinked, my eyes still focused on the sex toy. "You...you want me to put it in...in my ass?" I whispered anxiously.
"That's right, Tammy," he said commandingly.
I gulped again, and reached for the butt plug, amazed at how heavy it felt in my hand. I opened the tube of lubricant, and squeezed what I thought was a generous amount on the head-shaped tip.
Nervously, I moved back from the table, noticing Martin holding the camcorder as I did, and walked slowly to the fireplace. I could sense the eyes of everyone in the room on me as I turned to face the fireplace, and pushed out my ass towards the room.
Taking a deep breath, I lowered a hand to the back hem of my slip, and slowly pulled it up my legs and over my ass, revealing my black stockings and black thong. As I tried to pull my thong to one side, my slip fell back down my legs, and again I lifted it up to the middle of my back.
"Here, Tammy, let me hold that for you." I heard the soft, feminine voice, and saw Penny standing to my left. She ran her hand slowly up the flesh of my ass, then held the slip in the middle of my back.
"Th-thank you," I gasped. I had never been touched sexually by a woman before – had never, in fact, even wondered about it, but now, I found Penny's helpful touch so incredibly erotic...
I broke eye contact with her, and shut my eyes, reaching around with one hand to both pull away my thong, and to spread my cheeks. With the other hand, I slowly moved the tip of the butt plug into position against my asshole, and after pausing a moment to try to relax, started pushing it into my ass.
I groaned as it moved slowly, deeper and deeper into my bowels.
"You've got a beautiful ass, Tammy," Penny whispered in my ear. "I don't know who I envy more, you, or the men who are fucking you."
Her lust seemed to melt my pussy, as I continued to push the toy into me. Finally, my sphincter closed over the skinny tip at the end, and the plug seemed to fill me completely and I exhaled in both relief and anxiety. Penny let my slip drop back over my ass.
"Th-thanks again," I said, looking into her eyes. "No, thank YOU, Tammy," she said softly. "The pleasure was all mine." Penny then took my chin in one hand and planted a soft, delicate kiss on my lips as she gently caressed my breasts through the slip.
As her lips lingered on mine, I found myself hungering for her tongue, and as if she could read my mind, I felt her mouth open slightly, and her soft, warm tongue slipped into my mouth.
After an intoxicating moment, she pulled away, and stroked my cheek. "Sweet Tammy," she said, "maybe if they don't breed you, you can come back in a few weeks and we can have a little girl fun together?"
I gasped, my arousal so incredibly acute, as she turned and walked out of the room.
After standing there in a daze, my attention returned to the room, and I walked back to my seat, the butt plug seeming to magnify the intensity of every movement. I sat down, the action making the plug move inside me.
"That wastotallyspontaneous, andveryhot, Tammy," Derek said. "Have you ever been with another woman?"
"No...never," I replied. "I...I can't believe I just French-kissed a woman."
"And it's on tape – another first."
The dessert was delicious – a chocolate crème brulee, served with a perfectly complementary port. But nothing was as sweet as the kiss I had shared with Penny.
"How's the butt plug feeling, Tammy?" Derek whispered as he finished his dessert.
"It's...it's good," I replied. "It's feeling kind of hot."
Derek smiled. "The core of it is the same stuff that's in handwarmers or bootwarmers – it'll heat up to about 105 degrees, and stay there for up to six hours."
I gasped at the thought of having my bowels filled with a hot phallus for that long.
A few minutes later, we left the room and the restaurant. I looked around in vain for Penny, thinking we might share another kiss, but Marshall took my hand and led me to the limousine while Derek settled the bill.
Finally, Derek joined us, and the limo pulled away from the restaurant. The buttplug continued to feel like it was getting hotter and hotter, and my pussy seemed to be flooding in response. Derek squeezed my breast through my slip, and gave me a long, delicious kiss.
When he finally pulled away, I let my hand slowly drop to his crotch, stroking his erection through his trousers. "So, are we going back to the hotel now?" I asked eagerly.
Derek laughed. "Tammy, my dear, we're in Las Vegas and the night has only just begun." He patted the duffle bag. "But I promise, you'll have a very adventurous evening before we head back to the hotel."
I looked at his smile, and shifted in the seat, my bowels impaled on the hot butt plug, and wondered just what else Derek and his friends had planned for me....
...to be continued