First time submitting a story so any constructive criticism is accepted and in advance thanks for reading.
Because it's not full of hardcore fucking I'm not sure what the response will be but feel free to vote and comment.
*****
"Can you fall in love with someone without physically touching them."
Looking at the message from Casey on the screen I wondered, can you love someone without actually meeting them?
I wasn't sure, after 3 months talking online to Casey I wanted her, I've never wanted anything like this in my life, I spend all day talking to her, over 50,000 messages in three months suggests how much she's on my mind.
"Steve!!", the message popped up on the screen knocking the Irishman out of his little trance. "I'm not trying to push or put pressure on you or anything it's just that I've been thinking a lot the last few nights and if there is such a thing as love I'm sure this it."
Steve sat back in his chair, still not typing, just looking at the screen, his head thinking back over the past three months, how he only sent her a friend request because he saw her on her mother's profile, this beautiful brunette that he just had to know.
"Yes" he finally typed that.
"Casey, I love you, I've never met anyone like you, I can't get enough of you... You're my first thought in the morning and the last thought at night, if this isn't love then what is this? Nothing could make me feel any better than this."
" I love you so so much and the fact you're in Ireland and I'm in Tennessee will stand for us, I'm sure it will in the long run, one day you're going to be all mine where I can cuddle up into you all night long" was the reply that made the Irishman smile and feel like the happiest man on the planet.
"Video call me, I have something to show you," Casey almost demanded of her virtual lover.
Fumbling with his laptop, Steve finally managed to hit the video icon at the top of his screen and within seconds he was staring at his American beauty, her long straight brown hair, deep brown eyes brown eyes and plump luscious lips staring at him through the screen.
Whenever he saw her Steve instantly felt his cock harden and this was no different, he knew it would and almost straight away he could feel his cock push against the tight material of his jeans.
"So, I was out shopping earlier," Casey told him in her beautiful southern draw, "I was out shopping earlier and bought something that I want your opinion on."
"of course" replied Steve, " you know I'll give my opinion regardless."
"Ok" Casey told him, pushing her chair back out from her computer desk, standing up to reveal herself to her online man, the man she knew at some stage would be in the same room to see her.
"What do you think."
Steve nearly passed out, the stir he had in his cock beforehand intensified, he knew his rock hard cock was going to need attention and soon as he sat looking at what he could only think was the most beautiful sight he had seen in his life.
On the screen he could see his 5'3" beauty standing there wearing a pink and purple camisole and matching panties.
"Oh my god, beautiful" was all Steve could mutter as he took in the beautiful sight in front of him, taking in every shape and every curve in her magnificent body, from her 34c breasts topped with rock hard nipples which he could visually see pushing against the thin fabric of the camisole, to her wide hips and shapely curvy thighs and ass Casey turned around he could see that large but firm glorious ass.
"I'm glad you like it, but it's getting oh so warm in here, should I remove it?" Casey teased, knowing before even asking what the response would be. "
Sliding his chair back slightly, just enough to make himself more comfortable, unable to answer, just lightly nodding his head as he unbuttoned his jeans to give his throbbing cock a little more freedom.
Fixing her laptop screen so her loving Irishman can see all of her Casey stepped back grabbing her camisole by the hem, slowly lifting it up above her body, pausing for added effect just before lifting it above her breasts before staring at the screen as she threw it over her to her bed.
Kneeling on her bed, her laptop at the end of it watching Steve's hand disappear under his desk, knowing what he was doing, Casey brought both hands up to her breasts, her thumbs rolling over her nipples, closing her eyes and throwing her head back as she could feel that tingle, that excitement as her fingers played with her nipples.
Steve, watching the sight in front of him by now had his cock out of his pants, slowly stroking it rubbing his thumb around the swollen cock head, his eyes glued to the screen, watching Casey pinch her nipples, listening to the soft moans and gasps out of her every time her thumb flicked over her nipples.
Keeping one hand on her breast, the other moving down her stomach, rubbing through her panties feeling herself get more and more moist with every touch. "Sit back Steve, let me see it."
Sitting back Steve exposed his cock to Casey, watching her bite her lip as she watched him stroking his long hard shaft. Casey lifted her hips, sliding her wet panties off leaving them hanging on one ankle as her fingers returned to her soft smooth pussy.
As she watched Steve jerking his cock slightly faster Caseys fingers run up between her puffy pussy lips, spreading her lips until her fingers reached her clit.
Slowly circling her fingers around her clit, feeling how wet she was getting, allowing her fingers to drop down her pussy, watching Steve stroke his cock faster and more furious it turned her on more, sliding two fingers inside herself, feeling her tight pussy clamp round her fingers, "fuck me Steve, I need you, I want to feel you inside me now" she screamed.
Listening to Casey mention his name almost sent Steve over the edge, watching her finger fuck her tight, soaking wet pussy was almost enough to send him over the edge. Slowing down, wanting to watch her cum, softly stroking himself.
Casey now was pounding her pussy hard, fucking two fingers in and out of herself, moaning and groaning loudly, her fingers pushing harder and faster into her, feeling that familiar feeling shoot through her body, " oh my god, fuck yes, oh fuck fuck yeah" she screamed, her legs clamping tight together, feeling her pussy tighten round her fingers , her body shaking as her orgasm subsided.
Laying back to watch Steve finish, bringing her two fingers to her mouth and suck her juices off her fingers... "Mmm Steve I want you to cum for me, I want to taste you, feel your cum slide down my throat."
Hearing that was enough, Steve couldn't take it any longer, feeling his balls tighten up, grunting loudly as stream after stream of cum shot of his cock, looking at his screen and seeing the envy and desire on Casey's face as he covered himself in cum.
"Mmm I can't wait until the day I can taste that for myself", Casey told him, laying back on her bed "come lay with me, I love you and I want you to lay with me forever."
"I love you too sweetheart" was the reply from the Irishman before bidding her goodnight and logging off for the night.