I walked down to the station feeling extremely excited and rather moist between the legs and caught a train into town to meet my boyfriend. The bay in my carriage was empty and with my hands resting loosely in my lap I could feel the outline of my engorged pussy lips. I nearly forgot to tell you that I'd completely shaved that area after my morning shower except for a pencil thin line of downy hair on my mons which looked like an arrow shaft pointing straight at its target.
The finger resting over my clitty and the rocking motion of the train was making me feel so wanton that I almost missed the stop I was supposed to get out at. My legs felt like jelly as I walked through the exit barrier and caught sight of my b/f. 'I've been so looking forward to this' I said giving him a hug ' thank you for arranging it for me'. 'Sexy lady' he replied making me shiver 'you deserve a big thrill and I'm dying to see how you react to the film as I'd quite like to get a video camera just for us'.
We entered the foyer and stood at the back of the queue. There were pictures from the film on display all around which left nothing to the imagination and the thought of me starring in our own films swirled round my mind. I was surprised not to see any 'dirty old men' in raincoats and noticed that there were one or two youngish couples like us as well as all the blokes. I squeezed my boyfriend's hand to get his attention. 'I want to be naughty for you' I said and without waiting for a reaction I undid the zip on my jacket. I could see the instant look of delight on his face as his eyes travelled down to admire my cleavage which was dangerously exposed. I pretended not to notice but I could see several other pairs of eyes looking me up and down – yes, I thought, I'd like to be a film star!
We went in and settled in our seats. I took my jacket off and as I put it on the empty seat beside me the lights dimmed and the show started. The film was about a young virgin's first tentative steps to explore her own sexuality. She did look extremely young and the two friends who'd undertaken to teach her how to enjoy her femininity didn't look much older either. The action soon moved to a lounger by a garden swimming pool as they all arrived back from school in fits of giggles. They made the girl lie on it then one of her friends sat supporting her shoulders in her lap, legs astride the lounger whilst the other knelt at the other end between her calves. Oh gosh, this is making me feel very randy again remembering how they started caressing her and talking to her about how aroused they had got flashing themselves in public on the way home. As the one at her head started massaging her neck and shoulders I felt a similar sensation on my own neck. I froze, tingling all over as I realised it wasn't my boyfriend. What was I to do? I was just about to say something when my boyfriend placed his finger tips on the top of my thigh and began tracing them up and down just like the girl who was kneeling on the lounger was doing. I can't describe how wonderful it felt, looking at the action on the screen and feeling the same gentle caressing of my own desperate body by two different people. I was lost as any resistance I might have had evaporated in the excitement of the moment. my breasts felt so tight and my nipples so puffy. They were aching beyond belief to be squeezed and tugged gently. I responded with my shoulders to the massage and the hand began to move under the collar of my blouse just like the girl on the screen was doing. She had actually started to undress her friend to expose her breasts and had begun to rub sun tan lotion into them. I wanted my breasts exposed too – almost without thinking I held my breath as I undid the last button on my blouse, thrust my chest out, arched my back and let out a deep sigh.
The blouse slipped down my right arm but I was beyond caring and wanted it to. I traced a line with my own fingers up across my stomach to cup my boob gently, lifting it and flicking my nipple with my thumb. I was gasping for breath again and my whole body felt on fire – I'd never been this exposed in public before and it felt so, so good. The hand moved over my shoulder and I got hold of its fingertips and pulled them towards my booby. The message got through straight away and his hand began to explore the breast I was offering him in my palm, raising it so it could be touched. He seemed to know exactly what to do to please me.
On screen the second girl had begun stroking the novices mound through her lacy little panties. Her hips were beginning to push up and down and a definite damp patch was now evident. Slowly, she eased the panties off her friend's bottom, then down her thighs until her pussy was exposed. She was really writhing now as fingers started teasing her pussy. I wanted that to happen to me too but my b/f just continued to tantalise me by caressing all round my pussy just occasionally brushing across it through the thin material. In desperation almost, I loosened the drawstring on my pants and they slid so low I could just see what was left of my pussy hair and where it stopped just short of my clitty. I let the finger tips of both my hands wander all over the area, making me squirm in my seat as my first climax started to go past the point of no return.
At last, my b/f started stroking my hands, pushing my fingers towards my slit. I've never been so wet nor has my clitty ever felt so swollen. It felt as if it was at least an inch long and each time I touched it 50,000 volts shot through my body. The young girl on the lounger had been taken through several orgasms and they were all debating how to get one of the girls' brothers to show her what a real cock felt like. All this, whilst one friend was rubbing her clitty and the other girl had virtually all her hand inside her frigging her g-spot. Part 1 of the film ended with the arrangements they'd made for meeting the following day and I just had time to do a couple of buttons up on my blouse before the interval lights came on. Wow.
I was still trembling all over as I whispered to my b/f that something very erotic had happened. 'What was that?' he asked and I explained how I'd been to horny to stop the hand from whoever it was behind me as it joined in making what was happening on the screen come alive. I glanced furtively around but there was nobody there and I felt more than a bit disappointed. 'If you liked it so much' said my b/f 'would you like somebody to help me film and play with you on another occasion?' He doesn't miss a trick but I was so excited at the prospect that my mouth went all dry and I could only nod as goose bumps broke out all over me.
'Don't look now' he said, 'but I think he's come back to sit behind you again.' My stomach did a double somersault. The lights began to dim and Part II began.
This time the hand crept straight over my shoulder from behind and undid the blouse for me. Then I felt his other hand on my neck as he began to fondle me playing with my nipple. I looked at my b/f for approval and he blew me a little kiss, so I took his fingers in mine and began to use them really seriously to play with my pussy while the stranger roamed all over my top half.
I was really loosing control of any remaining inhibitions now as I slipped the harem pants half way down my thighs and began to dip two then three fingers in my soaking cunt, spreading my juice all over my swollen love lips and clitty as I wanked it between forefinger and thumb like a baby cock. My hips thrust up and my bottom rose off the seat as I was shattered by my first ever whole body orgasm. It went on and on and at about the 8th peak I lost count as one climax rolled into another. I'd no idea if anyone else had sensed what was happening but I was way beyond caring. Then quite without warning I felt the walls of my vagina push right down as if I was turning inside out and all of a sudden I was squirting masses of girl-cum all over the back of the seat in front, down my thighs and on the floor.
That was three firsts in quick succession – public wanking and being felt up by a stranger – whole body orgasm and a squirting climax. I was wrecked and sank down in the seat to recover. Not long afterwards the film ended but I've no recollection of what happened during most of the second half. I don't know how I managed to walk back to the station but when we got home my boyfriend helped me out of my clothes then snuggled up naked behind me on the bed, holding me to his chest as I fell into a deep contented sleep.
The b/f again. To this day I'm convinced she has no real idea who it was behind her but she often recalls the occasion as one of her horniest ever moments and the turning point in her own sexual liberation as my very special sexy exhibitionist.