Author's note:
Minor BDSM elements in this part.
All characters over eighteen.
Part 4 of 6.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
CHAPTER 18
Kevin turns his head away from the road and says, "You've been hanging around your sister too much."
"What?" I lean to the side to check for mile markers, but all I see is Jane's dark capital hairdo around the headrest.
"Your hair, man." He pulls the Audi steering wheel straight, and now we're heading south on the coast highway.
I glance at my sister next to me as discreetly as I can. Jessica stares at the phone in her lap, but I can't get a read on her expression with so little light.
"Needed a change," I say.
"I'm surrounded by emo goth kids, I swear."
"Well, Babe," says Jane. "We can't all be as naturally pretty as you." Her finger taps Kevin's lips with each of her words, and he bats her hand away like it's an annoying bug.
"Why black though?" Kevin won't let it go.
"I wasn't going with pink or green." I watch the counter on Jessica's last blue dot text tick away. Her message vanishes when the timer reaches five minutes, and the chat window with my sister lies barren. Then I change the subject. "So what's the plan tonight?"
"I'm building a kickass fire."
Jessica laughs, and looks up. "Garret will build the fire. Kevin will get drunk and move some wood around."
"I make art. Not everybody gets it."
I click off my phone, and darkness envelopes the car, save for the glow my sister holds, and the occasional oncoming set of headlights. I want to pull Jessica onto my lap and do all manner of groping, both high and low, while I kiss her neck. Instead, the middle seat belt plays referee for the sake of our friends in the front. My sister sits right there across a stretch of leather, but I can't touch her.
The road winds south, and eventually Jessica locks her phone, leaving the four of us with silhouette views of each other. I lean half way to my sister, around Jane's headrest, and watch the lines of the road ahead, until the passenger's trance take me.
I snap out of the spell when the car turns.
"We're here, bitches." Kevin screeches the S5 to a stop in the driveway of a house with grey wooden shingled siding. Another vehicle sits in front of us, doors open, and lights still on. Robyn leans over collecting items from the passenger side, while Garrett shuffles down the front steps of the house, washed out by the combined headlights of both cars. He pulls a joint out of his inside jacked pocket and puts it to his lips, holding a lighter to the end. Garrett holds out the joint, and Robyn takes it from him, having appeared around the far side of the car. She encourages the red ember, as she carries her handbag and what looks to be a cooler. By the time I'm standing on the porch with my bag, Garrett is lighting a second joint.
"We need to christen this place properly," says Garrett. He takes a drag, then holds it out for me.
"It's a religious obligation, then?" I help myself to the communion, and it's not as hot as I expect. Tastes like pine.
"Very much so," says Jessica, holding out her hand, palm up. She closes and opens her fingers twice. I hand her the joint, and she takes one hard pull, then offers it back to nobody in particular. Garrett looks to me, but my head is already starting to feel like a bowling ball, so I decline. Garrett takes the cinder and reinvigorates it.
"What have we got?" asks Kevin. He sets down a large two-tone blue and white plastic drink cooler next to the front door.
"Three beds," says Robyn. "So Jessica gets to fight with her brother over the third. One and a half baths, so we all get to fight over the shower." Her joint is half gone already.
Bags pile up in the entryway, and before I've even looked around, Kevin's oversized hand forces a shot of something clear into my chest. I drink it without question. It burns surprisingly little, and reminds me of Jessica's orange body wash.
"What is this?" I ask.
"Mandarin vodka." Garrett pushes past me into one of the bedrooms.
"Babe." Jane waves at Kevin. "We're in here."
Kevin follows Garrett past me, carrying two suitcases.
Jessica stands by the side of a chest-high white tile counter, which divides the kitchen from a dining area furnished with a dark stained wooden table. She holds her bag in one hand and stares at an empty shot glass in the other, licking her lips. I slowly move to her, glancing past the wooden table at the living room down the hall. The full couch at the other end of the house might be my future.
"What do we do?" I ask, keeping my voice low.
"I don't know," whispers my sister. "We'll figure it out later. Just put your stuff in the bedroom with mine, so it doesn't get lost."
I do as I'm told, and then Kevin prepares another round of shots while we're all standing in a circle in the kitchen. Everyone always stands in a circle at parties. Garrett stacks liquor bottles in a 'V,' like bowling pins, while Kevin pours something brown into the row of shot glasses.
"Is that the same stuff?" I ask.
"Nah," says Kevin. "That only works once in a while."
An arm shoots over my shoulder between Jessica and me, and holds steady, until Kevin gives the arm's fingers a drink. I turn to see Jane swallowing what he handed her, then she clangs the glass on the counter. Kevin begins filling a stainless steel flask with rum, while Garrett finishes his tidy arrangement of bottles, and I turn to discover all three girls have vanished out the front door.
"Where did that horrible stuff come from, anyway? Somebody named Roger?" I point to the brown bottle Garrett has standing guard over the other liquor.
"Yeah. Jess didn't tell you about him?" asks Kevin.
"No." I'm suddenly glad my sister is out of the room.
"He was a..." Kevin tilts his head and glances at the front door, then crouches so the top of his flask rests at eye level, "thing of your sister's last year. It didn't end well. You could ask her about it, but I think she's still pretty sore."
"Is there a short version?"
"Eh." Kevin hesitates. He's carefully topping off the flask. "They were together for a few months. He wanted to... date other girls... at the same time. Without telling her." Kevin screws the flask shut, and gives me a shrugging look, before bolting after the girls.
Garrett stands by the front door, zipping up a blue windbreaker, another unlit joint having appeared in his mouth. I'm not sure where the first one went. Or the second one. I grab my coat and I'm the last one out of the house.
I follow Garrett and Kevin down an asphalt path leading around the side of the house, over a ridge to the beach. A slick layer of sand coats the dark pavement, which is more of a challenge to traverse than it ordinarily might be, due to shots and weed. The light from the house begins to recede, and a hill topped with grass taller than me appears on either side of the path. Wind whips my coat and hair, and a salty rotting stench invades my nose as I crest the ridge. The roar of the waves comes from all around, and gives no marker for the distance to the water. I stand at the top of the ridge, and my eyes slowly adjust. Faint whitecaps of the surf dance in the distance, at the far end of a gentle slope. Several shadows move below, and Kevin bellows something indistinct. I follow his voice.
The shallow slope of the beach spans more than a football field from the ridge to the waves. I step onto the sand, and have to put in more effort, but before long I find my companions half way to the water. The girls huddle together, with Jane rubbing Robyn's arms on each side. Kevin stacks wood into a pyramid in a dugout pit in the sand.
Garrett pulls a bottle out of his jacket, and pours three glugs on the wood. He waves his hands to the group to get back, strikes a match, and flicks it onto the pyramid.
Then we're all getting warmer, rather than colder.
We dig into the sand around the fire in an arc of three pairs. The two other couples huddle together, and I stay what I think is a safe, if uncomfortable distance from my sister, at the far end. With some difficulty, Garrett manages to light another joint on the fire, and he passes it around. Jessica takes a hit off it, and holds it out for me.
"I didn't realize you smoked." I keep my low voice, and take her offering.
"I don't all that much. Why'd you think that?"
"Because you didn't that one night." I stand, step behind everyone, and give it to Garrett. Then I'm back at the end of the arc by my sister, but I sit closer this time.
"I wanted something else more that night."
The breeze picks up, and whips the flames. It masks our words, but carries them too. I don't think anybody but me can hear her, but the waves, wind, and fire all wobble and stretch.
"So is this pretty much what you guys do here?" I gesture above my head and a specter of wind haunts its way down my sleeve.
"Pretty much." Jessica holds her elbows with her arms crossed over her chest.
"What would happen if I put my arms around you?"
Fiery wheels turn in the green. "I wouldn't yell at you."
"Even if everyone's here?"
Jessica smiles slightly. "Same answer."
I slide over in the sand, and reach around my sister, pulling her against me. Her arm finds my side, and our heads rest against each other, as we shiver together.
"I wish we had a blanket," says Jessica. "Or an igloo."
"It's. Fucking. Freezing," shouts Kevin. He rocks back and forth on the other side of the fire.
"I don't know what you're talking about. It's gorgeous out." Robyn attaches herself to Garrett, under the side of his coat. She's tied a red scarf around her neck, and looks to be shivering more than my sister. In the fire's light, it's the same red as the cloth napkins from the restaurant where we met Dad and Kirsten. The same red as the Easter basket I stole from my sister.
"But I got the medicine." Kevin retrieves his flask from some cartoon pocket out of nowhere, and tilts the drink back, then caps it and makes a pumping motion at me.
I hail with my hand, and grab the sloshing steel container when it arrives, then unscrew the top, and take a sip. Some kind of rum. Not too bad.
Jessica holds out her hand between us, and I pass her the drink. She takes a sip and wrinkles her nose, then takes a bigger sip, and caps the flask. My sister holds the flask aloft, but Kevin puts out his palm.
"So, she just didn't show up?" I ask, staring across the fire at Robyn's scarf.
"No," says Jessica.
"How long did you wait?"
"Like an hour. And I texted her. Nothing."
"Dad must have told her something."
"Maybe. I'm not sure." Jessica pulls out her phone in the middle of our huddle, and taps it. There aren't any messages.
"Think you scared her?"
"Scared? The Red Haired Lady?" My sister's laugh shakes both of us.
"Still," I say, "this isn't like her." The cold begins to leech into my shoulder.
"No, it's not." Jessica squeezes against me tighter.
A few feet away, Garrett holds the bottle of poisonous brown liquor. He and Kevin pass it back and forth, then Jane intercepts it, and takes one drink from it. For a moment her face looks like the M shape of her hair, and she quickly rids herself of the bottle. Robyn glares at Kevin when he offers it to her.
Jessica holds the flask in front of me. "Can you put this somewhere?"
I unzip my coat side pocket, and stow the metal container, but before I pull the zipper up, a frozen hand grips my bare skin under my shirt.
I struggle to get a breath in. My sister's gaze remains fixed on the fire.
The six of us sit around the pyramid of logs, hypnotized by flames dancing under a windy assault. The icy appendage against my side slowly thaws, though my ears and nose grow colder by the minute. I shift in my seat in the sand and look across the fire to Jane watching my sister and me. Or maybe she's just stoned and staring off. I can't tell.
"I think it's now or never, folks," says Kevin. He stands up, and strips off his jacket.
Jane groans. "Avert your eyes, children."
Kevin throws his jacket onto the sand, then his shirt goes on top of that. His shoes and a pair of khaki pants are next, before he sprints towards the surf, bellowing a single baritone note, like he's impersonating a tuba. After a few steps, he slows, pulling off his underwear in a one-leg-at-a-time hopping stagger. He throws them above his head as he continues his one-man nudist opera into the darkness.
First comes the splash, then the scream. Jane slowly rises from her seat across the fire. "I'm cold, everyone. I'm going back in." She wraps Kevin's clothes up in his coat, and starts up the sand toward the path.
Garrett watches Jane, and snorts a laugh. Robyn disentangles herself from inside his coat, and throws the remainder of the joint she'd been smoking into the fire. They both stand, and shake the sand off their pants, following Jane's footsteps.
The loud white blur of Kevin's ass streaks up the hill past Jessica and me, presumably after his girlfriend, and his clothes. My sister and I rouse ourselves from the fire and make up the last pair to the path. Her hand stays under my shirt, and I hold my arm around the outside of her coat until we get to the porch. The kitchen's bright yellow glow breaks the illusion we've been hiding behind. Kevin stands in front of the tall counter with a towel wrapped around his waist, pouring more shots. He points to Jessica then me, as we step inside, but I tell him no thanks.
My sister pushes past me into the bedroom, and rustling comes from Garrett and Robyn's room. Every light in the place is involved in a conspiracy of illumination.
Kevin tosses back a shot for himself. "Okay, this place better have some serious hot water. I need to wash this salt out of my hair."
"You've never washed your hair in cold water?" I ask.
"No more cold tonight, please." Kevin slams the glass down, and makes for the bathroom "Babe! Fire it up!" Water hisses from the other room.
I leave Kevin's flask on the counter, and find Jessica in the darkened third bedroom. The door arcs wide open, while she sits on the bed staring at her phone. She looks up at me, then back down.
"Anything?" I ask.
My sister shakes her head, then lays back on top of the bed, coat still on, hair fanned out over the covers. I sit on the opposite side, and lay back, so our heads are side by side, but facing opposite directions. A bump comes from the bathroom next to us.
Robyn crosses in front of our door. A moment later, she walks back the other way carrying two glasses of water, but stops when another sound comes from the shower activities. The red scarf is still wrapped around her neck, and now I'm thinking about the candy I took from my sister when we were seven.
"You want the bathroom too, Robyn?" asks Jessica.
"No, actually we have the half bath in our room, if you want to use it. I was just making note of the debauchery for a moment."
Jelly Belly, Starburst, Sour Brite Crawlers.
"I do need to wash my face," says my sister. "But I want the shower. I'm freezing."
"I'm going to bed." Robyn goes on her way, and a door shuts.
The splashing and wet smudge sounds continue, and I turn to Jessica, as she lays on her back with her eyes closed.
"You awake?" I ask.
"Mm-hmm," she says quietly.
I pull my fingers through her hair. She turns her head and her nose is cold against mine.
"Be right back." I pull myself off the bed, and reach for the doorknob. It sports a lock on the handle, an incredible luxury. I twist, and triple check that the door is locked. Before I get back to the bed, I hear the rustle of my sister's coat, and I quickly get rid of mine, then feel my way back in the darkness. A hand touches my face, then lips follow. I pull Jessica against me by her hips. She took off a lot more than her overcoat, and she crosses her naked leg between mine. My head rushes with everything we drank and smoked as Jessica's touch swirls around me to the sound of running water.
I kiss her and squeeze her breast. Five knives poke the back of my head, holding me in place. I banish most of my clothes to the floor, and Jessica's bra sling-shots to a distant corner of the room somewhere. We make out on the sheets, laying on our sides until the water shuts off and the bathroom door squeaks open. Jessica freezes against me.
"It's locked," I whisper as quietly as I can with our faces pressed together. There is a shuffle of movement outside.
A knock on the door.
Snickers, Milky Way, 3 Musketeers.
Jane's voice says, "Shower is yours if you want it."
"Thanks." My sister's voice carries through my lips into the other room.
We kiss, but the commotions outside our chamber are jarring, even with the door locked. It's hard to picture what they think of me being in the room with my sister. Eventually Jessica breaks away, lays back on the sheet, and pulls some corner of bedding on top of herself. I find the other side of the blanket, and roll onto my back next to her. Thumping comes through the wall from Kevin and Jane's room. It sounds more like drunken clumsiness than sex.
"You want to get a dog?" asks my sister.
"Yeah. Can I shower first?"
"Not now. At some point though. I'd like to get one."
"What kind? Retriever? Lab?"
"No, I want something more loyal. Like a German Shepherd. I don't want a dog who will run off with just anybody."
"How do they do that with dogs, anyway?" I reach over and cup Jessica's breast.
A rustling and a thud come from next door.
"Make them loyal?"
"Yeah."
"Well, some dogs have the base trait, and then they selectively breed for it." My sister scratches her nails on the inside of my thigh. "They'll take two who have a tendency, and then their pups will be even more likely to be that way. One of my biology professors used it an example. After the fruit fly stuff."
"How does that start? Like, do they ever take two dogs from the same family?"
"It's kind of frowned upon, but sometimes, yes. They used to do that a lot more. It can cause problems."
"Like what?"
"Genetic stuff. Hip problems are common. Temperament issues. Diseases."
"Do they test for those, then? Or how does that work?" I wave my finger back and forth across her nipple, like a windshield wiper. She's stiff under my touch by the third time I do it.
"They do. Good breeders, anyway. You have to be careful. All dogs are really the same species, just bred selecting for different traits. That's how you get stuff from poodles to beagles to German Shepherds."
"But you need to be careful."
"Mm-hmm."
Stillness fills the house, and I stare at the pitch black ceiling. "Shower time?"
"Yes. We can be quiet." Jessica slides off the bed, and pulls something out of her bag, then pushes clothes around on the floor. Her phone lights up from within the pile, and bathes the room in a harsh glow. She digs out the source of the light, and her eyes move across it, as her face burns bright in the darkened room. The smile on her face rusts and falls away, leaving only a bitter scowl. She stares at the screen, motionless, the wheels in the green frozen in place.
Jessica holds the phone for me to see.
And I read our stepmother's text.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
CHAPTER 19
My sister clangs the second empty wine bottle next to the first one.
I pick up a cork, and roll it between my fingers.
She watches me twist the cork around, and asks, "Want to go swimming?"
We put on our clothes, and I speak the magic words. The orange above us fades, and my sister slides one of the keycards off the table. She loops her arm through mine, and I lead us out in search of adventure.
My sister and I explore across white marble and down a humming elevator, then we're back on the ground level. As we cross the black and gold of the lobby, the woman with the Emerald Dragon on her wrist pulls a black leather bag in front of a man in a grey pinstripe suit. She nods at us. We push through frosted glass doors, with the building's name etched in a cursive script I can barely read.
Behind the doors, two familiar people swim in an Olympic sized room of chlorine and white tile. The man who wore the wrinkled blue shirt carves his way freestyle down the length of the pool. The woman who stood in front of him in line treads water by herself. Her platinum blonde hair coils itself into a thick serpent atop her head, not a drop of water on it.
I lead us to the empty square hot tub.
My sister stands at the edge of the water, facing the indoor pool, and its two patrons. She unzips her fleece sweater, folds it, and places it on the wood bench affixed to the wall. Her shirt goes on the fleece, leaving a black lace bra around her chest. Her jeans go next to the shirt. She keeps her underwear on, and descends into the frothing cauldron, leaving her shoulders poking out of the water. My sister looks up at me.
I pile my clothes on the bench next to hers, and follow her into the scalding bubbles. I give the swimmers less of a show than my sister did, taking my blue plaid boxers below the waterline. Before I've rested my weight on the tile seat, my sister climbs against my side, floating her legs over my lap. She touches her lips to my ear, but speaks in kisses instead of words.
The man in the pool continues his laps. His arms rise above the tiled edge with each stroke. The woman sits on the steps at the far end of the water.
My hand finds my sister's leg under the turbulent waters, and I feel the edge of the black fabric.
Her scrape begins with a single finger on my back, then grows to five. My sister is an artist, and she paints me in shivers. Bubbles lap at the black lace on her chest.
The woman in the pool watches us. She stands, then climbs the steps out of the water.
I turn my head, interrupting the flood of kisses, and pull my sister's lips to mine.
The scraping on my back stops, and she pulls my hair into a wet fist. I touch her inside the black fabric under the water and begin to rub. Her fingers tighten their grip on my head. The more I rub, the tighter she holds me.
She breaks from our kiss, but her eyes stay pinched shut. She breathes wine against my face.
The woman across the pool dries her legs, then drapes the towel over her shoulder. The man has quit swimming, and stands next to her. They're trying to look like they're ignoring us.
I turn my attention back to my sister, and watch her face as I touch her.
I stretch two fingers inside, then bring them out and rub my sister's clit with her own wetness. It's gone immediately, so I repeat. Again, and again. The vice clamped to my scalp informs me that I'm making progress.
Each time I go in she squirms in my lap, and I'm glad I'm hidden below the waist.
I reach around with my other arm, and take over the rubbing. I work her inside and out. She scrunches her nose up and whimpers.
The man across the pool room lays the towel over his shoulder, matching the woman. She says something to him, but the hum from the hot tub is too loud, and I can't hear.
My sister lets go of my hair, draping her arm around my neck. I hook her inside, and rub her, while she grinds her hips into me. She pulls in quick, short breaths, and presses her forehead against my cheek.
The girl in my lap tenses. She clamps on my fingers, then goes limp against my chest. I take my hands away from the black lace.
My sister opens her eyes. She lays her head on my neck and sucks in a breath.
The man and the woman walk past us between the hot tub and the pool.
My sister raises her hand out of the bubbling water and offers a dripping wave. The woman waves back and smiles, as the two go on their way.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
CHAPTER 20
Robyn shakes a box of Pop-Tarts over her head, and says, "Whoever owns these, I will champion their cause for a day, if they let me have one."
"Anything I want?" I'm standing next to her, digging through a bag of groceries.
She stares at me behind her black cat eye glasses. "Class C felony or higher requires approval."
A flash of my stepmother's red hair. "Help yourself."
Robyn tears open one of the foil-wrapped packets, and pushes past me toward the bedrooms, chewing as she walks. "Thanks, kid."
"Did my cereal make it inside?" Jessica appears behind me.
I lift a box of shredded wheat out of the paper bag, and set it in front of her. My sister opens the cupboard, and reaches for a bowl at the top, stretching up on her bare toes. The counter has us blocked from view, so as she pours rectangles out of the box, I squeeze in behind her and cup my hand against the warmth between her legs. She bolts upright, and drops the box on the counter. Jessica turns, mouth wide open, and looks at me. A mischievous smile grows on her lips, as she returns her focus to her breakfast.
"Later," Jessica whispers, as she tops off her bowl. She rubs against my hand.
Stomps from down the hall, and I take my hand off my sister. Kevin appears, wearing only a pair of sweatpants. His blond hair sticks straight up over one ear, and slants down to a flattened mat on the other side, making the top of his head a lopsided triangle. He squints at my sister and me. "What's for breakfast?"
"Billy says they're at the diner now." Jane's voice belts in from the other room.
Kevin spins around on his heels. "Already?"
I lean against the counter, while Jessica stands in front of the sink and eats cereal.
"Get dressed, Babe. Let's go."
Kevin groans and stomps back the way he'd come.
Jessica chews a bite, then abruptly stops. "You're a fucking tease, you know that?" She goes back to chewing.
"Has she said anything else?"
"No."
"I guess we're going to some diner?"
"Yes." Jessica swallows. "Can you go grab my coat and the black flats I had on last night?"
We ride with Kevin and Jane, though it's Jane driving this morning. Kevin sits back with me, and changes between shades of green, as his girlfriend careens around the coast highway corners. It's funny until I realize he might throw up on me, but I'm sure he doesn't want to soil his Audi. Jane screeches us to a halt in an angle spot, next to an old red muscle car. We gaze at a small building on top of a cliff overlooking the Pacific Ocean. Four square windows peer inside, cut into thin yellow and orange vertical stripes under a faded flat roof. Sand and wind have blasted this place for years. It's like someone melted a McDonald's into a mold for diners. Kevin turns a new shade of green when he sees the building.
Just inside the front door, a stout man wearing a blue t-shirt sits by himself, working his way through a plate of bacon and eggs. Across his shirt, a black bird in silhouette crouches in front of three dark horizontal lines.
The four of us join Robyn, Garrett, and two others inside the restaurant around the only table capable of seating eight. My sister and I sit across the long table from two strangers, one big and clean-shaven, and one small and bearded. The clean shaven guy sits on his chair like a sumo wrestler, his long dark hair slicked back in a ponytail. Tattoo sleeves run down the smaller guy's arms, and his chin extends in a neatly shaped wedge of brown beard. The beard falls most of the way to his belt, and ends in a flat edge, like a knife blade.
Garrett does the introductions.
"Finish that story." Matt's beard wobbles when he talks.
"There's quite a bit of money involved," says Garrett. "Government requested accounting records on some Corvis payroll accounting."
"Accounting?" says Billy.
"This was a secure request. I got the gig. It's several dozen accounts, and they're each over a hundred thousand dollars, so we're talking well into seven figures."
"Lucky you," says Matt. "We'll help you drink your work sorrows away. Who won last night?" He points his finger across the six of us, as if he's waiting for it to select someone. In the middle of the ink on Matt's arm, crouches a hyper realistic depiction of Anubis, the black jackal-headed god of death. He looks not to his side, like he's usually shown, but instead stares straight ahead, his eyes burning at me in deep red.
"The Oaf," says Jane, rubbing Kevin's shoulder. He holds up a finger to accept the award.
A waitress appears behind me, and everybody orders food, except for Jessica and Robyn, who just want coffee. I end up with some exotic salmon omelet, based on the waitress' suggestion. Kevin gets the same thing, and I'm hoping I don't have to play splatter shield to keep Jessica out of harm's way, since I'm sitting between them. Once Kevin has some food in him his color changes, and the waitress can't keep anything in his mug.
I say, "You drink more coffee than I do."
Then Matt gestures from the other end of the table, and the jackal's glowing eyes move about. They're the same red as the tablecloth and the picnic basket, and now I'm thinking about red candy.
"Tonight is round two, man." Kevin slaps my shoulder.
Pain rockets down my arm, and I grit my teeth.
"What's wrong?"
Twizzlers, Life Savers, Swedish Fish.
Garrett snickers. "You didn't tell Kevin about your feat of strength at work?"
"It hasn't come up."
"Alex tried to turn white collar work into a full contact sport by challenging a forklift to a fight. It all ended in the hallway in cube city. They didn't make it to the octagon."
I pull back the sleeve of my shirt, and show off the sickly yellow and purple bruise. I figure we've already eaten, and Kevin can take it.
"Chicks dig scars," says Matt.
"Everyone does," says Billy, saluting with his coffee mug.
"That's pretty gnarly," says Kevin, inspecting my bruise. "Just don't go showing it to that cheating girl."
"Didn't you say you had another one in mind?" Garrett begins making a neat stack of dishes on the table.
SweeTarts, Almond Joy, Hershey's Kisses.
"Kind of. It's still in the works."
Garrett piles silverware on top of the plates, then retrieves his phone from a coat pocket. "Son of a fucking what? You're kidding me." He scowls at the screen through black glasses, and taps slowly, moving the phone in his hand with each hard finger press. Undecipherable mutterings come out of his mouth.
Robyn touches his arm, and the finger tapping softens, but the curses continue. She doesn't say anything. She just watches him.
"I have to go pull more records. Today. Like, right now." He looks at Robyn. "I know you'd love to go back and be bored with me, but really you should stay here with these nice folks."
"I can't handle any more fun, and they've put up with me long enough." Robyn turns to Jane. "Can you drop the keys off by Monday if we leave?"
The waitress splits the check, and we queue in front of a cash register that's either yellow, or has become yellow. I pick up the end of the line, with Jessica in front of me. When it's her turn to pay, she hands the woman her card, and the machine beeps in a different way than it had for everyone else.
"Says insufficient funds," says the waitress, now cashier.
"What? Try it again."
The machine makes the same beep, and the waitress hands the card back with a limp wrist.
Jessica lets out a slow, measured breath, and turns to me. "Can you get this?"
"Yeah." I hand the woman my card, and ask her to cover my sister's tab.
The ancient box makes the same irritated beep. The woman behind it looks at us.
"Is your machine dying?" asks Jessica.
"This thing is solid. Just had it serviced."
I dig through my wallet, and hand her a couple bills.
"You guys use the same bank?" asks Garrett, holding open the front door.
"Yeah, why?"
"Maybe their system is down or has a problem."
My sister and I follow everyone outside. Jessica has her nose in her phone. As soon as I'm clear of the doorway, a giant drop of freezing water lands on top of my head. An unremarkable light grey blankets us directly above, but the cover grows dark and ominous to the west.
"Fuck, I'm overdrawn," says Jessica. "Dad's last check didn't clear. Fucking hell." She scowls and taps.
Drops grow on the windshield, and by the time we're back at the beach house it's starting to rain. Garrett and Robyn depart right away, and Matt pulls in his boat of a muscle car into the empty space. The idle concusses my chest, as it sits in the driveway a few feet from me.
"So I have to ask," I say.
"Olds 442." Matt cuts the engine, and the EDM bass drum in my chest goes quiet. He pulls a grey duffel bag out of the back seat.
"How long you had it?"
"A while," says Billy from the passenger side. He glances at the sky to the west. "It's a weekend car. Doesn't really like the wet though. Back end tends to kick around."
"You don't have to be anywhere today." Kevin pulls open the front door of the house. "And I feel good again. You boys were bringing beer, right?" He spins around on his heels in the entryway linoleum, as if he's testing the slickness of the floor.
"Several cases in the trunk," says Matt, "Where do we bunk?"
"You guys get Garrett and Robyn's room, since Wonder Twins are sharing." Kevin waves his hand at Jessica and me, as we hit the top of the steps. "I don't know how they do it. I'd just get in a fight with my sister if we roomed."
"You mean your sister would kick your ass," says Jane, "and make you sleep on the floor."
"Hey, she only did that once, and I was asleep when she started that fight. We're a more fucked up family than most. Certainly than these two." He waves his hand at us again, then looks at Matt. "Might want to wash the sheets in your room, though. Who knows what filth happened in there last night."
Matt and Billy make themselves at home, while Jane pours rum drinks on the kitchen side of the tall counter. Kevin hops back and forth in some kind of pre-drink ritual dance, then opens several beers lined up in a row. He squishes two empty cans in his fists, before I'm past him into the living room.
Jessica sits on the couch, staring at her phone, and I take the seat next to her.
"Did you check yours yet?" asks my sister.
"Not yet." I log into the banking app, and I'm not overdrawn, but there's some notice that my account is locked. I call the 800 number, and after a long hold, a woman says there's a pending investigation and they can't tell me anything else.
"They can't tell you about your own account?" My sister seems angrier than I am.
"That's what they said."
"There's money though?"
"Yeah, from my work paycheck. But the account is locked."
"It's Dad," says my sister. She leans back on the couch. "His checks did something. Or came from something."
"Do you want to ask him about it?"
"He'll just spit out lies." Jessica locks her phone and tosses it beside us on the couch. "Justify it somehow. Or make himself the victim."
"Probably," I say, "but this is fucking with my work pay. I'm going to see what he says."
"Something wrong with the checks you sent? My bank just locked my account, and I told them it was your fault."
I hold the message out for Jessica, and she laughs.
"He won't like you blaming him."
"How long do you think it will take him to respond?"
"Hard to say. He's not always on his phone. He may just ignore you too."
Billy thumps into the room holding an unopened can of shitty light beer in each hand. "We're starting this Saturday right. You two want in?" He sets down a can on the table in front of each of us. "There's plenty more."
"You sure you brought enough?" I ask.
"There's never enough." Billy points to the can in front of my sister. "That fixes bank problems, Jess."
Jessica cracks a polite smile. "Thanks."
"Don't be so down. We've all had shit happen."
"I know." She pulls a long silver nail file out of a clear plastic sleeve in her purse.
Billy stomps his way back into the party in the kitchen.
"So what do you think it is?" I open Billy's offering, and take a sip. It's shitty light beer. "The charity?"
"It's a fucking scheme, whatever it is. And now we're involved." Jessica's scowl bores a hole in the coffee table in front of us.
"The paper checks, and that weird account."
"Yes, he's trying to hide it. Clearly, it didn't work." She runs the file over the ends of her nails in an arcing motion.
"What if he knows about us?" I say, "And he stopped payment or whatever. Kirsten told him after you told him off at dinner."
"That would explain my account." Jessica presses her lips together. "But they wouldn't have locked yours for that, would they? And then there's the Red Haired Lady's text."
"Have you said anything back yet?"
"No, I don't even like looking at it."
"What if, after you threatened him, Dad just went all in and told her about us to discredit us ahead of time."
"Now thatdoessound like him."
"Yeah." I lean back next to my sister. "What can we do though?"
"Other than the text you just sent, not much right now." A thud comes from the kitchen, followed by Kevin's boisterous cackling, and a laugh from either Billy or Matt. I can't tell who.
Jessica stops filing, and crosses her arms.
"Hey," says my sister. "What did you tell the boys?"
"Tell the boys?"
"What Garrett said about a girl 'still in the works'. What was that all about?"
"Oh. That was from that party at Jane's place. When you were all outside, Rachel texted me."
Jessica looks at me and tilts her head.
Getting to know my jealous sister.
"I think that was the last time. She was fishing for attention, and I didn't respond. Garrett and Kevin were standing right there, and asked about it. I said I had something else in mind."
"Me? You told them about me?"
"That's all I said. They left it. Guys don't talk about that stuff much."
I turn to lift the beer off the table, leaving my sister's green stare burning a hole in the side of my head. I take a pull from the can, but it does nothing to extinguish the fire. She finally breaks off the look, and begins working the file on her other hand, no doubt for use on me later. Something thumps on the roof, and it takes me a second to realize it's rain, and not from the other room.
"Sorry, that wasn't fair. I just... Everything sucks right now, and I don't know what to do or think. Can you open this, please?" Jessica holds up her can of beer.
I crack the can and hand it back, then I glance down the hallway past my sister. Shouting floods in from the other room, but it doesn't seem to be changing location. I kiss her cheek and sit back. "What do you want to do?"
"I guess we just hang out for now. I have to fix my bank account when I get back."
"Yeah, and I don't know what to do about mine."
Jessica gently rakes her nails up my thigh, then makes a quick fist around my belt and lets go. "I'll keep you company today. We'll figure this out. Dad respond yet?"
I look at my phone. "No."
My sister stands and takes a deep drink of her beer, and coughs. "Ugh. I'm getting rum. Come with me?"
The rest of the day consists of me trying to distract myself from current events by stealing touches of my sister when people aren't looking. At one point when we're standing behind the hooked counter in the kitchen, I grab my sister's ass, and Jane walks around us. She gives me a look, but I can't tell if it means something, or if it's just my imagination. The drunker we get, the clumsier I become, but the less observant everyone else is.
The beer and the booze don't last the night, in large part due to Kevin, though Garrett left with the bottle of poisonous brown earlier that morning. The hum of the evening rises more and more, then eventually the energy begins to fall. Billy and Matt's thirst for beer is unlike anything I've seen, but it doesn't seem to affect them. They retire to their room entirely composed. Kevin passes out on the floor in the hallway outside the bedrooms, and Jane falls asleep on the couch, with her striped stocking feet sticking up over the armrest. She cradles a glass of something clear that definitely isn't water. Jessica pries the drink out of her grip and sets it on the coffee table.
"Let's go to bed." I pull my sister her by the hand to our room. Neither of us drank much the latter half of the day.
I lock the door, and throw my clothes onto the dark floor, then climb into bed, listening to the sky pour marbles on the roof.
A very unclothed Jessica touches me.
"Do you have your phone charger?" asks my sister. "I think mine's in the living room, and I'm done wearing clothes today."
I lean over the edge of the bed and pull the charger by the cord out of my bag. I need to charge mine too, after all the bank nonsense. The signal is weak over here at the beach, and it seems to drain the battery faster than usual. I hand it to Jessica to use first.
"Thanks." Her phone lights the room briefly, before returning us to darkness. "Can I jetpack on you a bit?"
"Jetpack?"
"Yes. Turn on your side, so I can hang on you from behind."
I lay on my good shoulder. "Like this?"
"Yes." My sister's breath warms my neck.
"You see," she whispers, "this way I can say evil things to you."
"What if I want to say evil things to you?"
"We can switch in a bit, if you want." She kisses my neck.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
CHAPTER 21
White tile and chlorine, then black and gold marble, and we're back in an elevator.
We carried our clothes, and wore towels from the rack by the pool, but it's all on the floor by my sister's knees. The humming lift whispers to us, and when the doors open I'm disappointed we're greeted only by white marble squares, and not people. She pulls her mouth off me, giving a parting lick, and I straighten the wet blue plaid enough to make a run for the room.
She pushes the card in, and runs into the darkness. I follow and lean my back on the door. Then I sing the orange song, so we can see. She grabs my hand, and I'm on top of a linen pedestal again.
"I wasn't done," she says.
My sister pins my shoulders to a pillow, but I'm not sure which bed it's from. Or which one I'm on. The covers of both are on the floor, all mixed together. Then she's riding me, and she takes her hair down. It's still dry, and I'm enveloped in a shaded curtain when she leans to kiss me.
I cum inside her. I've lost count how many times tonight. Probably one for each glass of wine I've drank, and we've gone through a couple bottles already. She rides me for a while longer, then slows.
My sister leans over, and her tongue makes itself at home in my mouth, pushing hard at first, then softening. When she pulls away, it's just her lips. She leans back and rolls off the bed, tickling black silk the last thing to leave me.
A cork pops, and wine appears in front of me.
"Shower time," she says. "Come with me?"
Steam fills a silver and white cavern. Multiple fans adorn the ceiling, but we turn them all off. A showerhead sprouts from each end of the chamber, and a third one with a thousand different knobs detaches from the wall.
We stand lip to lip under a single scalding fountain.
Then it's wet hair and towels and we're dripping. I sip the latest glass from the bathroom countertop, while my sister stands wrapped in a towel, pulling fingers down her hair.
"Can you go again?" she asks.
I set down the glass, and push my sister against white marble, leaning into her, and wrapping my fingers around her neck. Her towel comes undone, pinched against the wall behind her shoulders.
My sister goes limp, and her mouth hangs open. She stands naked and exposed, watching me as I hold her in place.
Then I'm in that moment that you never think you'll be in.
And it's even stranger because of who I'm with.
And she says, "choke me."
~~~~~~~~~~~~
CHAPTER 22
"Alex."
My sister is yelling at me.
"Alex. Get up."
I claw my eyes open to a strange bedroom dimly lit from the window, and Jessica's shadow darting back and forth.
"Read. Now." My sister thrusts a phone in my face, and holds it there until I take it.
I look at the lock screen.
"This is your mother. They took my phone, so I'm sending this from..."
"Did you read this already?"
"Yes, it went to both of us." Jessica stuffs some clothes in her bag. "Read."
"...the neighbor's phone."The text continues."The police were just here searching the house. They said they want to talk to you. I told them you wouldn't be back until later. I don't know what they were after. I'll text you again later from Phil's phone."
My sister zips up a black fleece sweater over the top of her yellow sundress. She clicks her suitcase shut, and looks across the bed at me. "We need to go. Now."
"I guess we do." I start scooping all my discarded clothing into my own bag, pausing to find some pants to wear.
Jessica flees the room, pulling the door shut behind herself. After securing my luggage, I follow my sister to find her in the living room attached to Jane's ear. Kevin stands in the doorway to their bedroom, rubbing his eyes, and wearing the same sweatpants from the day before. He leans against the doorframe, clearly listening, then walks back into the bedroom, and returns, giving me a subtle nod as he passes me. He knocks on the third bedroom door, and eventually a squinting Matt appears in front of a pitch black room.
"Mornin'," says Kevin.
"Is it?" Matt looks like he's staring into the sun.
"Can Jane and I ride with you guys?"
"I guess."
Kevin holds his hand up in a fist at me, and makes a pumping motion. "Alex."
I hold up my hand to catch whatever is coming my way.
An Audi key spins end over end and I snatch it out of the air.
"Thanks." The black and silver key fob sports multiple buttons, none of them labeled with words. I set my phone on the coffee table, and look at the worn indented pictures.
Kevin watches me. "Red button locks. Big black button unlocks."
"What's going on?" One of Matt's eyes is more open, but the other is still pinched shut.
"Got some shit to take care of," I say.
Jessica detaches herself from Jane, and drags her bag over next to mine. "Thanks, everyone. I'll let you know when we find out more."
Jane nods, then Jessica and I swoop out the door, into the pouring rain. I hit the black button on the key fob, and the Audi chirps, then my sister and I toss our bags into the trunk. I start the car, while my sister says something into the house, then she climbs in next to me.
Kevin's S5 wants to speed.
It's hard to keep under the limit, and I spend more time than I prefer messing with the wipers. Kevin had them on some automatic setting, but the wipers and I disagree on how fast they should be going. I hadn't noticed anything remarkable about the ride while I'd been a passenger, but it takes to the curves of the coast highway with ease, even with the wash of the road.
"It has to be related," says Jessica. "Red Haired Lady's text. The money. This now."
"So, Dad got caught." I pull us onto Highway 26, heading east toward Portland.
"Maybe." Jessica grips her phone in her hand, and my stomach sinks.
"Oh fuck, I left my phone on the table."
"I'll have Jane grab it." Ticking sounds fill the car to the dance of my sister's fingers. "I'm going to textherback too."
"Jane?"
"No. Red Haired Lady."
"What are you going to say?"
"Same thing I was going to tell her in person. Sort of."
"Can you tell me what you say?"
"Of course." Jessica's tapping stops. "How about, 'what's this about?'"
"Sure."
More tapping, then the swish of wet pavement under the punishing grey of the Oregon sky. The windshield gets blurry, and I turn the wipers up.
Jessica's phone buzzes.
"That was fast," I say, terrified of the message. I glance at my sister, and her eyes trace back and forth on her screen.
"She says, 'don't lie to me. I know about the 'charity' you two have with your father.' She put 'charity' in quotes." Jessica's hand flops down onto her lap, fingers still wrapped tightly around her phone. "So that clears that up."
"You going to tell her how we don't know anything about that?"
"Yes," says Jessica, tapping away. "But I'm guessing she won't believe me." After a quick pause, her phone buzzes again. "Now she says, 'tell me what you do know.'"
"Is she just fishing for stuff?" The wipers are scraping the windshield, and I turn them down.
"I don't know. I'm asking."
I squeeze the steering wheel, both hands up top, and have to force myself to relax my grip. I realize I've been pushing on the pedal too hard. The speedometer had gone into triple digits.
"She," starts Jessica. "What?" Ticking from my right side.
"Okay, she clearly knows all about the checks and the money stuff. But she's trying to get me to talk about it. She isn't really saying anything though."
"What about it? We just cash the checks and then pay for school with it."
"That's what I told her. She of course doesn't believe me. Oh, that one was from Mom. She's with Phil at his place. I've got his number now."
"Did you tell Mom we're on our way back?"
"Yes."
"She say anything else? Like, what the police were after?"
"She doesn't know. She said they took a few things, mostly electronics."
"I bet they're now in possession of a bunch of shitty anthropology papers." I go to push Kevin's car faster, but end up letting off. "And a game console that's two generations out of date."
"Okay, now Red Haired Lady is asking about shit that happened before I even moved. I don't know anything about this. Some trip Dad took. He was never home anyway."
"Yeah, I have no idea what that's about."
"She says it was with 'the tall slut.' Her words."
"So she knows that part too."
"Guess so. She's just burning everything she can because of it."
I pull the car into the left lane around a slow moving truck. The wash from the truck sprays over the top of us, and I put the wipers as fast as they go. Even with that I can barely see. My shoulder gives a dull ache when I turn the wheel to move us back into the right lane.
"Is she texting you from her phone?" I ask.
"Yes. Why?"
"Just figured if the cops are searching our house, they'd have searched hers too."
"They haven't taken my phone yet," says Jessica, "Or yours. Maybe they haven't gotten to her."
The grey sky parts in front of us, as we approach the west side of the Portland metro area. The rain lets up, and traffic is surprisingly light. I turn down the wipers, and try to picture what the authorities could have done to our house. It's clearly enough that Mom doesn't want to wait around there, though she might just be after Phil's companionship. Jessica and I still haven't met the guy.
I blindly offer my hand, and my sister presses it between her palms, and holds it on top of her leg. The drive goes quiet for a few minutes, and I try to keep the car at a reasonable speed. Jessica's phone buzzes, and she lets go of me, and wields the phone vertical in one hand. A single finger hovers over the screen. I rub her thigh, below the hem of her yellow dress.
"Um," says my sister. "Okay."
"What now?"
"Quote, 'they picked up the slut.'"
"Oh."
"Mm-Hmm." Jessica's finger paints frenzied lines on the screen of her phone.
"What about Dad?"
"I just asked and her response was a question, 'is your brother paying for things for you?' What's that supposed to mean?"
A flash in the rearview mirror catches my eye.
The pulsing blue lights of a police patrol car strobe behind us.
"Oh, fuck." I take my hand off my sister's leg, and grip the steering wheel.
Jessica looks up from her phone. "How fast were you going?"
I guide the car over to the right, and the roadside corrugation shoots through my shoulder, waring us that we've left our lane, before we finally come to a stop. Blue and white lights flash at us from all of Kevin's mirrors, as Jessica puts her phone away and sits with her hands in her lap. I decide to keep mine on top of the steering wheel. After an alarmingly long time, doors open on both sides of the dark blue sedan behind us, and I watch in my side mirror, as a tall man in uniform that matches his car approaches. His hat stretches with a wide, round brim, and a crimped crown. The unmistakable look of an Oregon State Trooper. I roll my window down as he nears, and the car floods with of the smell of exhaust and wet pavement.
"License, registration, proof of insurance." The man speaks with a bubbling vocal fry tone that's more airline pilot than officer of the law. He's unnervingly calm.
A red pickup flies by us, and rocks the car. The cop outside my window holds his hat on top of his head, as a gust of wet blows into my face. I watch the pickup fade away down the highway, as I pull Kevin's information out of the glove box by my sister's knees. It's that same red again. The cloth from the Easter basket.
The man's partner lurks outside Jessica's window, and he motions for her to take it down. My sister complies, and the first cop takes the information back to their patrol car, while the second one stays by Jessica's door.
"In a hurry this morning?" asks the trooper by my sister.
"Sorry, I just, uh. It's my buddy's car, and I don't know it that well."
The trooper at the passenger window doesn't respond, and stands next to us, until his partner waves at him from the patrol car behind us.
"Don't move." He traces the road shoulder back, and I can tell they're discussing something about us, but there's no way to know what. One faces away from us, and the other covers his mouth with his hand when he speaks. The hiss of passing cars over wet highway masks everything.
Gummy Bears, Pez, Sour Patch Kids.
Both troopers march in formation back to us and perch on either side of our car again.
"Okay, folks," says the officer at my door. "I--"
"It's our friend's car," says Jessica, interrupting. "He let us borrow it. You can call him."
"We're not worried about that, ma'am," says the cop next to my sister.
"Good news and bad news." The man standing by me puts his hand on the doorframe. "I'm not going to cite you for speeding." He looks at my license, then at me. "Alex?"
"Yeah."
"But, my boss needs to talk to you. So you get to come with us."
"What?" Jessica bolts upright in her seat.
Junior Mints, Nerds, York Peppermint Patties.
"What's your relation here, ma'am?" asks the cop by my sister.
I try not to make a face, but I'm sure I do. This isn't how I want to spend my day.
"I'm... the girlfriend."
Getting to know my committed sister.
"Okay," says the cop next to me. "We need to take your boyfriend with us. Are you able to drive this vehicle? Otherwise we'll have to call for it to be towed."
"Yes, I can drive it." Jessica pauses. "Can I come pick him up when you're done?"
"I really don't know how long it will be," says the trooper by my door. "But, yes, he'll probably want a ride later."
Jessica leans over and kisses me. No tongue, but she's puckering and biting my lower lip with a vulgar showiness I've never experienced before. It's like she's waiting to be pulled off my face.
"Please step out of the car, sir."