"I hope you don't have anything specific planned for tonight," my Sadist messaged me.
"No, why not?" I messaged him back.
"Because I've got something different for us planned. I'll see you at 7," he wrote back.
Something different. As I finished getting ready, I wondered what it could be. In my short relationship with my Sadist, I've come to expect the unexpected... And this is all part of the mindfuck. I've got no idea what he has planned and he knows the only thing I'll be able to think of is wondering WHAT he has planned for me. I never know what he's going to want to do to me.
I met him at his place promptly at 7, as instructed. We drove to a local home improvement store.
As we walked into the store he said to me, "We're here to look at potential impact toys."
"I feel like you could make anything into an impact toy!" I told him. He chuckled at me, knowing how right I was.
When my Sadist found a wooden broomstick he thought he could break over my ass, his whole face lit up. He smacked it against his hand a few times before deciding he would buy it and attempt to use my body to break it. He made me carry it around the store for him. As I held it, I knew there was no way possible this solid wood broomstick would EVER break on my ass but walked around the entire store imagining exactly how hard he'd have to hit me. As we continued shopping, he showed me all the tools he thought would make good impact toys.... And all the locks, ropes, and knives he was interested in using on me to tease me, torture me, and hurt me with.
After some errands (that included Starbucks and the Dollar Store to check out more potential impact toys), we decided to go for a walk in the woods. As we got oi of the car, he grabbed the broomstick from the backseat. He saw me eyeing it and told me he was bringing it along "just in case". He could feel my nervousness as I tried to stay behind him. He laughed at me and made me walk ahead of him as he poked my ass with the broomstick.
After a few minutes of walking in the dark forest, he found a spot he liked.
"Pull down your pants, ass out, and hands on that tree", he said to me.
I quickly did exactly as I was told. He lightly rubbed the broomstick up and down my legs, over my thighs and my ass as he pulled my pants down further. I was shivering with nervous excitement. And then the broomstick made contact with the back of my thighs... HARD. I'm not a very stoic masochist. If it hurts... I yell "OW!" or variations of multiple swear words strung together. As he smacked my thighs and ass and the pain radiated through my body, I became desperate for more. More pain... And more of his touch. He's the type of Sadist that smacks you and then rubs the area he just hit. He loves feeling the heat of my rising welts, rubbing them roughly while I gently moan "ouch". He laughs at me when I say ow... Knowing that I love the pain as much he loves to give it to me.
When he reached between my legs, he instantly felt how wet I was and laughed at me for being so horny. He bit down HARD on my ass as he slid his fingers into my cunt. His teeth cutting into my skin as he finger fucked me made me moan in a low guttural groan. I pushed myself back against his hand and he bit down even harder on a different part of my ass. By this point I'm pushing and grinding myself so hard against his hand, I'm so close to cumming. He pulled his fingers out of me and used the broomstick to further tease me. As I thrusted my hips back at him and that broomstick, he realized just how desperately horny I really was. He laughed at me again and made a joke about how desperate I was, as he slid the broomstick over my cunt, lubing the handle with my wetness. As he started to push the broomstick into my cunt, I bent over further to allow him access. He fucked me with the broomstick until I came and then he slowly pulled it out. He brought the broomstick to my mouth and said "open" before forcing me to lick and suck my juices off of the handle... Then dragged the broomstick across my cheek before it was discarded on the ground.
Within moments, his hands were on my hips and his hard cock was sliding into my sopping wet cunt. By this point, I'm bent almost in half as I'm trying to hold onto the tree.
"Your cunt is so tight," he says to me as he thrusts inside of me. His hands are everywhere, grabbing at all of me: holding onto my hips, pulling my hair, on my throat, up my shirt and grabbing at my tits, holding on to my bra and sweater and pulling my body back to his. I'm cumming all over his dick within moments of him entering me. I'm so worked up from being caned in such a public space... where anyone could have found us. I'm so fucking horny from the way he touches my body, doing exactly what he wants to bring himself pleasure; whether that's beating me while I yell "ow", fucking my cunt with a broomstick, or whatever else his Sadistic mind comes up with.
As he continues to fuck me, I continue to cum on his cock. He feels so damn good inside of me, his hands feel so fucking good grabbing at my body; this sensory overload is making me see stars as I feel his body tense behind mine and he grabs my hips even harder.
He holds onto me as we both try to catch our breath. He pulls out of me and tells me, "You can pull your pants up now". I'm as eager now to do exactly as I'm told as I as before we played.
He pulls me into his arms and gives me a big hug. As we stand there hugging, trying regulate our breathing, I giggle thinking about him fucking my cunt with the broomstick he beat me with.