By Emi Tsuruta
In general, I am a pretty careful person. I look both ways before I cross the street. I check the weather before I go out, and bring an umbrella if the forecast is for rain. I carry mints, wetnaps and lipgloss in my purse, so I can freshen up. I also have a little mirror, bobby pins and a little sewing kit. I try to avoid sticky situations or bring along friends to back me up if I need rescuing. Which is why it is so strange that I've turned out the way I have, doing dangerous things, getting naked or whatever and sneaking around in public.
I mean I do try to be careful there too. Some of the time it's just me out in a quiet place with no one around, surrounded by trees, or on some remote trail to nowhere. When my boyfriend Ryosuke is there, he scouts around too, makes sure no one is coming, and signals me if there is. It is a bit different with my friends Satomi or Asuna, because they aren't 100% on board with me doing risky things, but even so, they do keep an eye out, and warn me if trouble is on its way.
Even so, despite all these precautions, all these friends helping me out, sometimes things happen. I'll admit it is pretty awkward getting caught. When people see me naked, they often looked spooked almost like they've seen a ghost or something. I try to take advantage of their confusion to scoot away to a safer place, somewhere where I can quickly get back dressed before anyone calls the police or whatever. I have been pretty lucky. Even the times I have gotten caught, people don't always react so swiftly, or they blink disbelieving their eyes. I manage to get away, or make out like it was an innocent mistake. This time though was a bit different. I got caught on camera without even realizing it, and... well, I'll tell you about it, and you'll see what I mean.
The day started out normal enough. I showered, dried off, and fixed my hair in the mirror. It was fall, so school had started again, but I still felt a bit excited from all the things Ryosuke and I had been doing together. I'd been outdoors a lot, swimming and stuff, but I didn't have much of a tan. I looked cute though, big black eyes, button nose, soft kissable pink lips. I just left my hair long hanging down at the sides round my face. I fingered my nipples and breasts, just kind of exploring, enjoying the feeling. I'd trimmed my black pubic hair, so you could kind of see my pussy lips peeking out from underneath. I am pretty happy with how I look these days, all those long hours at the pool swimming to keep in shape.
This was a school day though. I pulled on some undies, a pair of beige shorts, a cream crop top and sandals, and took the bus to campus. I ran up the steps of the Smith Building, found our lecture hall, and went in. Most of the other students were already there. The prof looked like he was about to start. Satomi had saved me a seat, so I climbed up the stairs, and sat next to her. She looked cute as always, eyes wide, hair dyed brown, overalls. She scrunched up her lips, kind of tut-tutting me for cutting things so close, but I was here now. No biggie.
Anyway, I got out my stuff, and got ready to take notes. A couple of rows down, there were a couple of tan blonde American guys. They had turned around, and were looking at me. They were tall, surfer types, but I didn't know them. I looked down at my outfit wondering if something was showing, but it turned out that it wasn't my clothes that had caught their attention.
"Hey, isn't that the girl from the video?" I thought I heard one guy whisper. Video? What video? Like a music video or something? I'm not in any videos. I wondered if they were talking about some other girl. Then, the other guy said something like,
"I don't know. If it is, she sure looks different with her clothes on."
Eep! I did my best to keep a straight face, but to tell you the truth, a chill ran up my spine. Oh no! My first thought was that maybe they were talking about a video Ryosuke took of me a year or two before, fooling around half naked at my house. Apparently, Kiyomi's boyfriend Eden saw it, but how would these guys get it? It must be some other video, but if so, what video? Who filmed it? Where? When? Who all knows about this? I'd kind of been worried about getting caught on camera, and now it seems like I had. This can't be good.
The prof noticed the two guys looking back at me, and cleared his throat to get them to face front. They turned back around, but I just sat there wracking my brain trying to figure out what 'video' they could be talking about. After class, I gave Ryosuke a call.
"Ryosuke! You've got to help me! Something horrible has happened!"
"Hey. Hey," he soothed. "Take it easy. What was it? What happened?"
"I think someone got a video of me. What did you do with that video you made at my house?"
"What? Oh that. It's locked up safe and sound. All our videos are. You don't have to worry about that. You know I'm careful."
He's probably right. I do trust him. He does kind of tease me sometimes, but I think deep down he doesn't want other guys filming me or whatever. He does get kind of jealous if he thinks guys are trying to sneak a picture of me.
We talked about some other possibilities, but actually, he didn't have any more idea of where this video came from than I did.
"Anyway, don't worry. I'll look into it, and get back to you."
I felt a bit better. Ryosuke is pretty good about getting to the bottom of things.
My next problem was these two boys. On campus, I started dressing more conservatively, wearing long sleeves, sunglasses and hats trying to hide what I look like.
A few days later, Ryosuke showed up just as I was about to go into that class. He was wearing a deerstalker cap, trying to make out like he was some kind of detective. I pointed out these two guys, and he took a picture of them.
"What are you going to do?" I whispered.
"I'm just going to ask around. Miguel might know something."
"Miguel? Oh don't tell your friends. I don't want everyone knowing about this."
"No, don't worry. It's cool. It's just that Miguel works in the campus media center. Whoever videoed you might have borrowed a camcorder or something, don't you think?"
"If you tell him about the video, he might see me naked..."
"Don't you want to find the video?"
I guess he is right, but jeez, I don't know how I feel about Miguel being in on this. I didn't really know him. I think he's Mexican or something, an exchange student like us. We don't even know what kind of video those guys were talking about. This could get pretty embarrassing.
Ryosuke gave me a kiss, and headed out. In class, the two surfer guys were still kind of eyeing me from a distance. I just played it cool, ignored them, and sat down next to Satomi. She had noticed Ryosuke, and raised her eyebrows, questioning why he was here, but I told her I'd explain later.
Ryosuke called me that night. The surfer guys' names were Roger and Ryan. There were studying social science, but were apparently not regulars at the media center. Maybe the cameraman was someone else.
"Miguel is still looking."
"What do you mean? What did you tell him?"
"I told you. Miguel's cool. He'll keep this under his hat. It's just he knows more about these kinds of things."
The way Ryosuke tells it, Miguel is some kind of expert on action cameras, little ones that people use to take videos on the sly. I only vaguely knew about such things at the time, but apparently, lots of guys sneak videos of girls, and upload them to the internet. The question was did someone get a video of me.
A week or two later, Ryosuke said Miguel had found some videos he thought might be me.
"What kind of videos?" I asked.
"Oh I don't know. All kinds of stuff. Voyeur shots from showers, locker rooms, girls' bedrooms."
All this talk was getting me more and more worried. I mean I knew some guys try to sneak shots of girls on the beach or wherever. When my family went to Dogashima, some guy on a balcony was taking pictures of my sister Norika running around in a short t-shirt one time. He probably got shots of her bare bottom and cooch. I took a look around on the internet after that, but I never found any pictures of her. I had kind of assumed he'd kept the pictures to himself. Thinking about it now, I've done plenty of things where I could get caught naked. Like I said, I try to be careful, but someone could have snuck up on me without me realizing.
"Do you want to go take a look at these videos, so you can check?"
I felt weird, but I guess it is better to act quickly, nip this in the bud before news spreads. After class, Ryosuke took me to Miguel's rooming house. It was near campus, just a big house, with a lot of different people living in separate rooms. His room was decorated normal. Miguel himself looks Mayan more than Spanish, but I guess he is fairly cute. He does have a Spanish accent, but I was used to it from Ricardo and Jorge, two guys who lived in Satomi's dorm one summer.
"Um. Hi Miguel. Nice to meet you," I blushed, a bit embarrassed. "Thanks for doing this."
"Yeah, show her what you found," Ryosuke nodded, all eager.
On his computer, Miguel called up a screen showing thumbnails of all these different clips.
"Are any of these you?" he asked. He scrolled through. One of them did look familiar. It was me in my poncho standing in line at this hot dog stand on the beach. Darn it! The memories all came flooding back.
It was fairly early in the summer. I'd been exercising all winter t o stay in shape, so I'd look good in my bikini. This was like one of the first days we got to go down, go to the beach, and show off. I was kind of proud of my body. Satomi and Asuna came with. We were all kind of excited that day, happy to get out, and do stuff now that the weather was warmer.
"What?" Miguel asked. "Do you see one with you in it?"
"Uh... I don't know," I hedged, not wanting to let on. I dug my smartphone out of my bag. "Could you put those clips on this? I'll doublecheck later."
Miguel looked a bit annoyed, but I think he suspected that he'd struck pay dirt. I was wearing dark sunglasses and a sombrero, so I guess it was hard to tell for sure, but Satomi was right there standing next to me. Ryosuke would surely recognize her. Miguel copied the files to my phone, and gave it back.
"Where did you find all these videos?"
"Just run a search for the file names," Miguel explained. "Do you want something to drink? A lemonade?"
"Yeah, sure."
He went off to the kitchen, and came back with drinks. Ryosuke asked Miguel about his job at the media center, and what he knew of Roger and Ryan. He didn't think it was them that took the video, but really there was no way to know for sure. Miguel says it's all anonymous. Anyone can upload anything, and no one knows who did it. Sounded so dangerous.
Anyway, we chatted for a while, but eventually, we had to get back to work. We thanked him, and headed out. Once we got outside, Ryosuke zeroed in right away,
"You found the video, didn't you?"
"Um, yeah. How do you delete it off the web?"
"We'll have to write to the webmaster. Which video is it?" he asked, clearly quite curious. Ryosuke was trying to be good, but his eyes had lit up, excited at the prospect of seeing me caught naked on camera by who knows who.
At the bus stop, we sat down on the bench. I didn't really want to show him, but he kept nodding insisting. Reluctantly, I found it, and called it up. Luckily, it was only a short clip, me standing there in my poncho. I don't look so indecent at first. The poncho went down to my knees, and at first everything was covered, but then a breeze blew in off the ocean, and suddenly, you can see the curve of my behind. You can tell I'm not wearing any underwear or bikini.
"That's not so bad," Ryosuke consoled me. "It's just a few seconds, and you can't even see your face."
"There might be more clips from that same day," I confessed.
"Oh? What all did you do?"
I thought back to that day. I really didn't want to tell Ryosuke the whole story, but I'll tell you now, just so you can understand better.
_________ยง ยง________
I guess it all started when Asuna and I were trying to plan out what we would do that summer. We went shopping to the mall, looking for swimsuits. Ryosuke had kind of been pushing me to get a racier swimsuit, more sexy than the one piece navy racing suit I wore when I was in the swim club back in Japan. I couldn't find the perfect suit in the mall, but I did buy some sunglasses and cute hoop earrings.
I didn't really know how to shop online, but I finally found a swimsuit Ryosuke might like. It was this white bikini with side ties and a string-back bottom. It's the trend here in California. Guys seem to like my behind anyway, Ryosuke included.
I needed a cover-up to wear over it, so I ended up buying a poncho as well. In the picture, it had these big patches in navy, burgundy, pastel orange and royal yellow. When it arrived, I liked the feel, a soft stretch cotton maybe, but I couldn't quite figure out how to wear it. It's more like a shawl or a blanket than a poncho. I guess you are supposed to hang it over each shoulder, but that leaves it quite open at the sides under the wide sleeves. It did look pretty sharp. I also got a matching straw hat, a sombrero I think it's called, to go with it.
Anyway, the night before, I went to Asuna's condo, and slept there. I think this was like my first time to sleep over. She shares a unit with two American women, Sandra and Maria. I always thought that would be kind of cool to have American roommates to chat with. I didn't see them though that first night.
The next morning, I got up early, and had a shower in their shared bathroom. Just as I was finishing up showering, someone knocked at the door. I thought it was Asuna, so I said "Come in," but all of a sudden, this American guy opens the door. I was so surprised. Here I was completely naked, my black pubic hair dripping wet, standing under the shower. Their shower curtain was transparent, so he could see my naked body clear as day.
The guy was tall, kind of weaselly looking, but handsome even so. He wasn't wearing a shirt either, just jeans. He cracked a smile, clearly thrilled to see me naked. I just kind of stood there for the longest time, so embarrassed to be caught nude like this by a complete stranger. He got this huge grin on his face, raising his eyebrows, almost as if he was coming on to me, inviting me to do whatever with him. I scanned around, and finally found my towel, grabbed it, and motioned that I wanted to get past. He didn't really move, just kept on smiling, nodding for me to come closer.
Eventually, I just kind of pushed past him. He turned to ogle my bare bottom, still beaming away like an idiot, pleased as punch at catching me naked. I dashed into Asuna's room, and closed the door.
"What? What happened?" she asked.
"There's a guy there. He barged right in. Who is that?"
Asuna went to the door, and peaked out.
"That's Craig, Sandra's boyfriend."
"Cheezus. He was like hitting on me or something."
Asuna scrunched up her lips, evidently aware of what a bad boy he is.
"He is a bit of a pest sometimes...," she granted.
"Have you had run-ins with him?"
"Not like this. Not naked," she replied, laughing. I was a bit annoyed at her at the time, but looking back, I guess I shouldn't have gotten angry. It turned out Craig is always doing things like this, spying on me, or hitting on me or whatever. He's just one of those guys.
I pulled my clothes back on, jean shorts and a white t-shirt. We saw him a bit later out in the kitchen when we went to make breakfast. He did apologize, but I swear he kept staring at me, at my derriere in these tiny little jean shorts. I kind of wanted to change into something more modest, but I hadn't brought anything with me. I'll have to remember that next time.
Asuna got dressed up in a short navy sundress with a lace up back. She's a cute girl, but she wears more make-up than I do. She does something with her eyes, eyeliner top and bottom that makes her look exotic I guess.
Soon, I pulled on my poncho, and we headed out. Once we got on the bus, I rubbed on some sunblock on my legs and arms. We met Satomi along the way. For once, she was actually dressed for summer: a beige pleated mini-skirt and cream scrunch halter that showed a bit of cleavage--quite daring for her. She'd kind of gone all out with the make up: lipstick, eye shadow, eyebrow pencil. All three of us were kind of dressed to kill. Both Asuna and Satomi are looking for a boyfriend I guess. There are usually a lot of hunky guys at the beach.
When we got to the beach, I looked around. There were fit guys out playing in the surf, women sunbathing. You could feel the excitement in the air. Ah, summer.
Looking for a spot with some shade, Satomi led us along the treeline away from the crowds. Over this way, it was more families and couples. I kind of wanted to go back where the hot guys were, but Satomi said they'd come down this way soon enough, and it turned out she was right. At this beach, there are always guys out on the hunt, 'nampa' we say in Japanese. Pick up artists?
As I got out my towel, I realized that I needed to change into my new bikini. Asuna had hers on under their clothes, but Satomi needed to change too.
Asuna stayed there to guard our stuff, while Satomi and I walked back through the trees. We eventually found a washroom, but there was a long line-up to get in.
"Here, let's look around some more," I suggested. We wandered through the trees on the edge of the parking lot. You could kind of see the main road on the other side. Satomi wanted to head back, and wait in line at the washroom, but I asked her if she could just keep a look out while I changed. My friend Miori from Japan and I changed in the trees when she was here, and we didn't get caught that time. Satomi wasn't quite as keen, but I didn't really want to wait in line forever.
I picked a spot just behind these cars. There weren't many trees right there, but there didn't seem to be any people either. Satomi wrapped her towel around her, but she kept looking back into the parking lot to see if anyone was coming. I took off my poncho, and asked,
"Did you bring your new swimsuit?"
"Yeah, that and my old one-piece."
I looked around just to make sure no one was watching, and then slid down my shorts and panties stripping bottomless. I felt so naughty as I stepped out of them. I got goosebumps, as the breeze blew in tickling my hello kitty.
"Oh, don't wear your one-piece. Wear the bikini. That's what you bought it for, isn't it?" I was getting this wet tingling between my legs, so I spread them, but that just made it worse. I guess I was still a bit excited from my run-in with Craig earlier. There were no guys this far down, but it did seem kind of kinky standing out here bottomless. I dug my fingers into my butt cheeks, just kind of enjoying the feeling of standing out here half naked.
"Hmm," Satomi wavered. She pulled down her mini-skirt from under the towel leaving her panties on for the moment, and then started fiddling with her halter.
She seemed to be having trouble getting it undone without knocking her towel off, so I held the towel for her. I guess I knew this was kind of dangerous, standing out here in the parking lot in broad daylight, with my bare backside showing, but Satomi wasn't really objecting, so I guess I let my guard down. It was pretty fun, tempting fate, reveling in the feel of the gentle sea breeze on my most private places. I do kind of like doing this if I think I can get away with it.
I held Satomi's towel while she pulled off her panties, but when she was done, I pulled the towel away, so I could see her bottom. She'd been complaining about her behind, but it looked great to me. I turned showing her my own bare bottom, trying to get her to see that we aren't that different. Maybe my legs and waist are a little thinner than hers are, but I think guys like a little thickness or however you say it. Baby got back?
Satomi covered her bush with one hand, and grabbed for the towel.
"Hey! Give that back!"
"Only if you promise to wear the bikini."
She took a couple of short steps this way, but her face was turning bright red. There didn't seem to be anyone around, but she was obviously embarrassed.
"Emi, stop kidding around!"
"If you don't like the one you bought, I'll lend you one of mine." I squatted down to fish one out of my bag. I could really feel the sea breeze tickling my hello kitty now. The feeling was driving me crazy. Still, I knew someone might come, so I threw her my red and white bikini, and pulled my new white string bikini out of my bag.
We heard a car pull into the parking lot, so we both raced to pull our bottoms on. My new bikini is the skimpiest yet. It has this little patch of white cloth to cover my bush, but apart from that, it's thin flat white straps I guess you'd call them, strings according to the website. The bottoms have clasps at the top of my butt crack and either side of my pubis. It took me a few tries to get the clasps in.
I wasn't sure if I look decent or not. The front part was covering my pubic hair, but just barely. At the back, the strings slope down from high on my waist, and then disappear into my butt crack. You can see practically my whole bottom, but I guess that's the point. I fiddled with the back a bit, trying to pull the string out, but I could hear voices not so far away. I felt nervous, worried that whoever it was might come, but then the voices died down. At the time, I thought they'd gone away, but maybe they spotted us, and just stopped talking. It was possible that even now we were being videoed without realizing it.
Kind of excited, I pulled off my t-shirt and bra, and stood there topless in just this skimpy little thong, trying to untangle my bikini top. Satomi got her bikini on, and then rushed to help me with mine.
"I don't know why you keep doing these things," she grumbled. The bikini bra was a bit more substantial than the bottoms, but it still took some doing to get the bra cups to cover my breasts, and stay in place. Eventually, we got it.
Some guys ran by, and vaguely looked over this way. I continued to fool with the thong, but the thin strap was wedged deep up inside the crack of my buttocks. Satomi gasped when she saw, but I swear this is how my bikini is made.
Eventually, I just left it, and pulled on my colorful poncho. At least with this on over it, I wouldn't look completely indecent. Satomi started fiddling with her own bikini, unhappy with how revealing it was. At least it had some coverage at the back.
"Don't complain. You look great!" I told her.
Anyway, eventually, we kind of gave up trying to fix things, and walked back to Asuna. Asuna looked a bit surprised to see Satomi in my teeny bikini.
"What happened?"
"I'm lending it to her for the day."
Satomi didn't look happy, but some guys off in the distance started coming this way. I sat down on my towel, took off my poncho, and rubbed on sunblock. Asuna gave me a funny look when she noticed my thong.
"It's made by a top maker, Australian," I told her. I don't think she approved, but anyway, I was kind of committed now. I didn't think it was that big of a deal. The American girls wear suits like this too. Sonya, the Korean American lifeguard at the aquatic center wore a terribly high cut thong one piece while she was working even, and no one complained about that.
I was thirsty, so I suggested that we go get something to drink. Asuna volunteered to watch our stuff, and I said we'd bring a drink back for her. Satomi and I walked along the beach to the concession stand.
"Any of these guys strike your fancy?" I asked, pulling my sunglasses down to eye one who looked kind of dishy. She looked him over, but didn't say one way or the other.
"There's no pleasing you," I joked.
We got our drinks, and came back. I lay down on my front, sipping my drink, and enjoying the breeze. Before long, I realized someone was standing over us.
"Emi? Emi, is that you? It's me."
I turned over, and looked up at him. It was Doug from the class Satomi and I are in together. He has long sideburns and a bit of a stiff manner. I don't think he is a surfer, more like an A student. I actually don't know him, but he clearly remembers me. A lot of guys seem to know me for some reason.
Self-conscious about my bare bottom, I sat up, and pulled my knees to my chest. Trying to distract him, I introduced Satomi and Asuna, and he called over Marv, one of his friends. Marv had curly brown hair, a beard and a mustache. Again not a surfer, but when he smiles, he looks alright.
"So what are you girls doing here?" Doug burbled.
"Uh, just thought we'd do some swimming, and catch some rays. You know," I answered trying to be friendly.
"That's great. Say, listen. Marv lives right near here. Do you three want to swing by there, and have lunch together? He's got a hot tub out back..."
I don't really know Doug all that well, but I looked over at Asuna and Satomi seeing what they thought. Asuna was staring off at the ocean, and Satomi just sat there blinking in the bright sun. They are both kind of shy (which is probably one reason they don't have boyfriends).
"Um, that's really sweet, but I think we're just going to stay here for a while. Thanks for the offer though."
"Oh," Doug frowned. "OK then. Maybe see you later?"
"Yeah, sure," I nodded. The two of them scurried off probably in search of other girls to hit on.
"I wonder how many takers they get," I mused. "But a hot tub? That does sound nice. Maybe we should have taken them up on it."
Asuna lowered her sunglasses, not impressed.
"Oh, Emi, be serious," she chided.
There were a few other guys around eyeing us from a distance, but I decided to go in swimming. Satomi came out too. The waves were pretty high that day. I kept walking right into them. The ties on my bikini top came loose, so I had to re-tie them. There were a bunch of guys out swimming too, and a couple of them came over, and started talking to us.
"You girls in town for the day?"
"No. We live in Oceanview."
"No kidding? Us too. I don't think I've seen you before. I would definitely remember," he smiled. He was kind of handsome and very confident. I kind of waved for him to talk to Satomi, but she swam off in the other direction.
"I'd better stay with her," I apologized to the guys. I swam after her, and caught up. "What's wrong with them?" I asked Satomi.
"Nothing... Let's just swim a bit." Satomi really is pretty hopeless when it comes to guys. Those two seemed nice enough to me.
Eventually, we went back, letting Asuna go out, and swim.
More guys came this way. Some of the guys were kind of leering at my body, so I fished out my poncho, and pulled it on. Asuna eventually came back.
"Do you want to go check out the patios?" I suggested. They said sure, and pulled their clothes back on. I pulled on my sombrero and sunglasses.
I stood up, and fooled with my poncho, trying to get it so the front and back flaps were the same length. My bathing suit was all wet and soggy. I suddenly got a strange idea. You know if I take my bikini off, and keep my arms down maybe no one will be able to tell I'm naked underneath this poncho. That would be kind of exciting. I could be almost nude without anyone knowing.
I didn't tell Satomi and Asuna what I was planning, but they looked on while I stripped out of my bikini. Satomi gave me this disapproving look, but honestly, I thought she was making a big deal over nothing. I didn't think you could really tell. My poncho would go all the way down to my knees almost as long as I get the front and back to line up right.
I kneeled down, and stuffed my bikini into my bag. I stood back up, feeling all excited. I guess if I really thought about it, I should have realized wandering around half naked like this might be dangerous. I was in such a frisky mood that day though. The run-in with Craig, teasing Satomi, all these cute boys hitting on me. I really do love summer. It all seemed so exciting, exotic.
Satomi kind of stuck her lips out in this pout. She didn't say so directly, but I knew she thought I should get back dressed. I just wanted to look around, savor the feeling of the breeze on my bare skin for a while, you know? It isn't everyday I get to walk around practically naked in this trendy part of town. Don't you ever feel like that? Like letting loose to see what happens?
Anyway, Asuna stayed to guard our stuff. Satomi and I wandered down the beach to the concession stand. I was feeling pretty good, enjoying myself, but when we reached the stands, Doug popped up again.
"Emi! There you are. I've been looking all over for you."
I turned my back, worried he'd see in through the sides that I was naked.
"That's a beautiful poncho. Where'd you get it?"
"Where's Marv?" I asked coolly.
"I don't know. He's around here somewhere. Why? Do you want to go to his place now?"
Satomi rolled her eyes.
It was around this time that the video clip Miguel found starts. At the time, I was so focused on Doug, on not letting him see that I guess I didn't really look around to see who all else was around. The cameraman must have been fairly close by, maybe off to the side of the concession stand or hiding behind something. The shot starts wide, but very quickly focuses in on my naked hips, zooming right in, getting clear shots of my fluffy black pubic hair and my cute round butt cheeks. Did he somehow know I was nude? Had he seen me strip off my bikini, or even change in the parking lot earlier with Satomi? I was really freaking out now, wondering if he'd got other shots of me naked earlier.
_________ยง ยง________
Back at the bus stop, I stopped the video, and glanced over at Ryosuke. He was excited by all this, breathing heavily now, his eyes a bit wild.
"What? You like this?" I scoffed, a bit mortified at getting caught like this.
"Oh c'mon, Emi! You look hot, and you know it!"
I had to admit the cameraman, whoever he was, had done quite the job, somehow managing to capture my nude body in the sexiest possible poses. He gets this shot of my slit peeking out from among my pubic hair, and then a close up of my cute little spankable bottom when I turn away. He could probably even see my bare breasts, although he was more focusing in on my snatch.
"It really is something how you do that, run around naked on the beach like that," Ryosuke marveled. "One moment, you're checking all around, trying to see if anyone is coming, all skittish like. Then the next minute, you perk right up, beaming away so proud of your hot little bikini bod, proud of your daring!"
I grabbed Ryosuke's knee, urging him to settle down. We were out here on the street, and I didn't really want other people noticing that we were watching naked videos of me.
"Do you want to come to my place?" Ryosuke asked pulling me closer.
I have to say I was kind of confused. I was kind of horrified by the video, worried that Miguel had figured out that it was me, wondering who all else knew or had seen it. It does feel kind of creepy you know, finding out that you thought you were so safe, thought you were being careful, but then realizing your most carefully kept secret was out of the bag. Thinking back, I realize now this is probably not the case, but at the time, I was spiraling a bit imagining everyone at school, maybe my parents in Japan, had seen this video, and were going to confront me, scold me for my recklessness. I guess I was overreacting, but it did feel a bit like all these walls I'd erected around my private life were crumbling, leaving me out here exposed, vulnerable.
When Ryosuke realized I was kind of freaking, his face softened. This was still early days in our relationship, and to tell you the truth, I didn't really want him thinking I'm some kind of nympho. It's kind of hard enough to rein him in sometimes. He gets so excited whenever he sees me do anything like this. It's such a big deal for him. I appreciate that he likes me. It's nice that I turn him on, but I was still trying to figure out how far I should let on that this excites me too. It is kind of mind-boggling thinking of all these different guys lusting after me, hot for my body. Roger, Ryan, Miguel, Ryosuke, who knows who all else?
But seriously, we have to put a stop to this now before it really does get out of hand.
"Maybe we'd better try to find the website where Miguel found this, and get the owner guy to take it down," I noted more soberly.
"Yeah, yeah, OK. I'm going to need a computer though." He hesitated, and then ask more gently, "Come to my place while I work on it?"
To tell you the honest truth, I don't feel all that comfortable at Ryosuke's homestay. Maybe it's just me, but his host parents Mr. and Mrs. Francis seem kind of rich, sophisticated. I don't really know how to behave around them. I'm always worried I'll make some kind of faux pas. It doesn't help that they have a handsome son, Daniel, maybe a bit older than Ryosuke and I. I mean all three of them try to be nice, but they do seem quite curious about me. And meanwhile Ryosuke and I are always sneaking around, trying to have sex right under their noses without them noticing. It is kind of nerve-wracking.
I tried to put this out of my mind, and nodded.
"Oh OK."
The bus came, and we got on. I walked all the way down to the back, and slid into a dual seat hiding from the other passengers.
"Here. Let's see the rest of the video," Ryosuke asked
"No. Let's just delete it or whatever."
Ryosuke insisted we needed the video to track down the website, check that they had the same one.
"I guess you are right," I nodded glumly. I really didn't want to show him the rest of the video. You see, that day on the beach, Satomi and I kind of sidestepped Doug's invitation, but Doug got out a piece of paper and scribbled down his phone number on it.
"Here's my number if you ever need anything," he had said. I didn't plan on calling Doug or anything, but I didn't really want Ryosuke to see this. Ryosuke has some lady fans of his own, and I didn't want to make this into some kind of competition.
When Ryosuke and I got to his house, it was all quiet inside. We went up to his room, and I sat on the edge of his bed, kind of nervous actually. Ryosuke and I had made love quite a few times by then, but at that time, I so rarely went to his room.
"Here. Show me the rest of the video," Ryosuke insisted. I handed him my phone, and he got it all set up on his computer. I held my breath as he started up the video again. You see me standing there at attention talking away with Doug. I was actually really nervous, being naked and all, but maybe you can't tell from the video. I keep smoothing down the sleeves of my poncho, but every time I lift my arms, the cameraman zooms in on my bush or my buns. The cameraman is such a perv really.
"Wow!" Ryosuke mugged in awe. "Did anyone else see you?"
"I don't know. I didn't realize you could see so much. I thought the poncho was covering everything," I moped.
"Oh god. Look at you! You look so hot," he kept repeating over and over. Thankfully, the video clip ended. "Are there any other clips of you?"
"Um, I don't know. There could be," I admitted. We looked through these other clips. Many of the gals were Japanese, but I didn't recognize the places. A lot of these videos were shot in Japan, hot springs, or places unknown.
"So many clips. I never realized," I pouted.
"Yeah. Let's see if we can find the website," Ryosuke intoned, trying not to sound too eager.
Nervous, I stood up, and paced around his room, trying to calm down. I felt so antsy, this tingling feeling in my belly, getting me all excited. It's sort of the same feeling as when I want to have sex, but I didn't want to confuse matters. Ryosuke seems randy enough as it is. He looked hard, you know, erect or whatever. I shouldn't think about that though. We should really focus on finding the video first.
Ryosuke kept scanning through all these different sites. There were thousands of girls, some Japanese, some Chinese or other Asians, many of them nude, some of them videoing themselves. I vaguely knew about this world, but I didn't realize there were so many. I guess I should feel relieved. Even knowing the video was there, it still seemed hard to find. How on earth had Roger and Ryan figured out it was me? How could they know? Did they recognize Satomi or was there some other clue that gave me away? It was all so harrowing even thinking about it.
"Found it!" Ryosuke finally shouted.
"Keep your voice down."
We'd heard some noise. Mr. and Mrs. Francis were evidently home now, Daniel. I didn't want them to know what had happened. This whole thing is making me so anxious.
"It's good you found it," I whispered, coming over to take a look. The site looked normal, English, kind of like the sites we use at school to chat with the prof and other students. It was organized by topic, and my video was filed under 'amateurs.' It didn't say anything about me, no name, no place, nothing. I didn't recognize the handle of the guy who uploaded it. It could be anyone really.
"Here. There's a contact form."
"What do you do? What are you supposed to say?"
Ryosuke opened another window, and started reading about how to ask that something be taken down. It's kind of complicated, and you have to give them some personal info, but anyway, he got it done, and sent it off.
"How long do you think it will take for them to take it down?" I asked.
"I don't know. I'll bookmark the page, and keep an eye on it."
I still felt nervous, but Ryosuke assured me it would be alright.
"Have you ever done anything like this before?" I asked, imagining him taking nude pictures of his former girlfriends, Kiyomi or whoever.
"No, no, of course not. But at school, the guys in law, Takahara and them were talking about it a little."
"Are they like porn fiends?" I pressed.
"No, no. It's nothing like that. They were just talking about IP, intellectual property."
This all sounded so suspicious to me. I'm sure Miguel, Takahara, Ryosuke even are all looking at porn. I guess it's OK. Just so long as they are not uploading videos of me!
I was kind of aware that Ryosuke wanted to have sex. I mean here we were alone up in his room, both kind of excited. What I don't really understand though is how we are supposed to do it, with the Francis' in the bedroom just across the hall. I also like to have a shower beforehand, but the bathroom on the second floor was is in the Francis' bedroom. If I went over, and asked if I could use it, they'd know for sure what we are up to. There is another bathroom downstairs, but Daniel is always down there.
Ryosuke moved over to his bed, and I sat down on his lap. He held me close, kissed me, but I think we both knew this wasn't the best time to do this with the Francis' right there outside. I lifted his hair up, and gave him a gentle kiss on the lips.
"Maybe next time," I cooed softly. We lay back, and cuddled for a while, but soon it was getting late. I kissed him again.
"Thanks for doing all this today," I smiled. "My hero!"
He laughed. Even though it was a bad day in some ways, it was a good day in others.
Emi Tsuruta