First, let me say I'm not a professional writer I just thought I'd post this to share how my mind works. If you don't like my writing style or anything else, go ahead and comment, it's always nice to get CONSTRUCTIVE criticism.
------------------------------------------------
My name is Anson Franklin Anderson, I have a Ph. D in electrical engineering and a master's degree in mechanical engineering. I'm 6'8" tall and weigh about 220 pounds. I usually swim for about four hours a day, two in the morning and two in the evening, or until I reach ten miles. As such, I have what's referred to as a swimmer's body, wide shoulders, thin waist with very long arms, large shoulder muscles and triceps. I guess I should also mention that I have a little over a 7 1/2 inch cock that is the same diameter as an original Red Bull can, and gets hard at practically the word breast or from a light breeze.
I married my high school sweetheart right after high school, and just before Christmas of that year, I found out through a friend that she'd been sleeping with another guy since midway through our senior year of high school. When I confronted her, she never even tried to deny it, even going so far to say she hoped we could get divorced ASAP so she could marry the other guy.
I asked her why she bothered to marry me in the first place, and she said that she couldn't hurt my feelings when I proposed and from then on, everything just snowballed and before she knew it, we were married, and she felt trapped. I remember asking her, "What, you thought it would hurt less if you married me and I found out you were cheating and just wanted out of it?"
Of course, she didn't have an answer to that.
Fortunately, we really hadn't accumulated much of anything so the divorce was over about as quickly as one could be.
Before the ink was even dry on my divorce papers, I met Sarah in one of my classes and we fell head over heels in love. Within four months we were in Las Vegas getting married in a cheesy chapel, not even by an Elvis impersonator but a Wayne Newton impersonator.
I don't know what either of us was thinking about getting married. We both had radically different majors, hers was history, so except for one prerequisite class, the one we met in, we had nothing else in common except being hurt by a previous partner.
Her high school boyfriend also followed her to college but halfway through the first semester, she got home to find a one sentence note saying he couldn't do it anymore, and he was gone. He dropped out of school, just disappeared. She never heard hide nor hair from him ever again.
One thing that we talked about was fidelity in a marriage. Obviously with the history of my first wife fresh in my mind, one thing I was adamant about was that sexual cheating was game over for me. Sarah agreed with me and said that her parents had a lousy marriage because her dad had cheated on her mom and her mom didn't do anything about it and after letting it eat her away, one day when Sarah got home, she found her mom dead from a drug over dose. Her suicide note specifically said that's what happened and Sarah was adamant that for her also, infidelity was a reason for divorce.
Sarah and I were in love with each other when we got married and as time went on our love deepened. However, we hardly saw each other even during summer break. We both had to work full time jobs and study at the same time, and during summer break I interned at a tech company.
During school, I was lucky to get four hours of sleep per night and often that was shortened by making love to Sarah. Once we finished our undergrad degrees, we were both accepted into graduate school, albeit at different colleges. Fortunately, they were close enough, so we got a new apartment closer to Sarah's college, but my commute was only about an hour away while hers was 15 minutes.
Usually, we'd either put something in the crock pot and when we'd get home dinner would be ready or have leftovers from a previous meal. Although we both usually got home late, most of the time Sarah would get home before me and when I'd get home we'd have a few bites of dinner before crawling into bed.
One night after we'd been married for a little over four years and were in our second year of grad school, I got home and when I entered the kitchen it was dark. I was usually exhausted when I got home so I barely took notice that things were different. I stripped off my clothes and threw them in the laundry and headed upstairs to put on something more comfortable. I figured Sarah must be somewhere studying or asleep because there were no lights on in the whole house.
I put on a pair of pajama bottoms I'd worn the night before and pulled a hoodie over my head and when I sat down on the bed to put some slippers on, I heard a yelp and felt a lump. I turned around and through the dim light I saw Sarah, and as I turned on the light, I not only saw that she was naked but one of our neighbors was also naked in bed with her.
After much yelling, wailing, and gnashing of teeth, she admitted that they'd had sex and then fallen asleep.
I couldn't believe this was happening to me again. This time at least Sarah said she was sorry, made all kinds of excuses, and adamantly stated that she wanted to work things out. In the meantime, our smarmy neighbor was trying to figure out how to extricate himself from our bedroom. I don't get mad often but when I do, I've been told I can be very intimidating.
Finally, I told Marvin that if he didn't get out of my sight and our house within 10 seconds, I'd kill him. In retrospect, it was almost comical. He threw the covers back and ran out of the bedroom and out of the house. If it had been a cartoon, he would have had streak marks behind him.
He lived three houses down and during his naked dash out of our house and into his, he passed another neighbor's house while the mother and two of her little daughters were outside to witness his flight.
Needless to say, Marvin's wife was none too pleased when she opened their front door to find her naked husband pounding on it, and even more displeased when the police showed up on their door after having been called by the mother with the two girls.
The net result of the whole debacle was two divorces, mine and the neighbors, and me becoming very commitment phobic.
I've always been a camera buff and just after completing my MS in engineering I patented several inventions relating to image stabilization in cameras and as such, they've provided me with an income that I couldn't possibly spend in two lifetimes. You see, I grew up with very poor parents and often went without food at mealtime and that gave me a real sense of the value of money and while many people call me cheap, it's just that I don't feel the need to waste money on extravagances.
By the time I was 26 I decided I didn't need the stress and competitiveness of a 9-5 job, got my teaching credential and started teaching at a local private college. I teach four classes per term, usually starting between 8 & 9 am so by noon each day I'm "free," although in engineering it's not unusual for students to need some individual help and often professional guidance along with the usual expectation of research.
I usually get into my office by 7 am and don't leave until 5 or 6 pm, giving students plenty of opportunity to be able to reach out to me if need be. As such, in a very short order I got to know the other professors whose offices were close to mine, since I'm usually there before they get in and still there when they leave.
One thing I like about teaching in a smaller college is different disciplines are more co-mingled than in larger universities. For instance, if I was working at one of my alma maters, Northwestern University, my office would be in the McCormick School of Engineering along with all the other professors of engineering.
Where I am now, there is an adjunct professor who only teaches statics (no, that's not a typo) near me but also a history professor and so on. I had become quite friendly with an older professor of Linguistics who had the office right next to mine, but last term of the previous year he'd retired so I was looking forward to seeing who would be assigned his old office.
The first day back of my third year there I was puttering around in my office when I heard a rather pleasant voice say, "Good morning." I turned around to see an obviously young women, I later found out she was 23, who seemed to strive to look 50. She was about 5'4" had heavy transitional glasses, her indeterminately dark blonde hair in a bun, dressed in rather frumpy old-fashioned clothes and very sensible shoes. I stepped forward to shake her hand and introduced myself as Anson Franklin. (Later on, it will become apparent why I don't use my last name, Anderson, at the college.) She said her name was Rylen Lee and mentioned that she was going to be in the now vacant office next to me, and we shared the usual chit chat between two newly acquainted people. She said she would be teaching English and linguistics, which led to a segue for me to say how much I enjoyed the company of her office predecessor, and at one point she mentioned that she was newly married.
We talked for maybe five minutes before she excused herself, saying she had an office that needed a lot of attention. As the term went on, we would talk occasionally but our interactions were very limited. I got the distinct impression that she was quite conservative, quite religious, and quite shy around men in general. That first five-minute conversation was the longest we had for probably her first year or more.
When the next year rolled around, I noticed that Ms. Lee was becoming a bit more friendly and a few times at school functions, I noticed her with a man that I assumed to be her husband. Right away I didn't care for him. She was a completely different person when he was around, she seldom said more than a couple of words, I could tell from both of their body languages that he was very much the controlling alpha male, and he often mocked or belittled her.
It was during her third year at the college, my fifth, that I started to notice that occasionally she'd be limping or walking very stiff, like she was in pain. We didn't have any kind of relationship other than our offices being next to each other but a few times I asked if she was okay, and she'd always come up with some excuse or another. It didn't seem like she interacted with any other professors, male or female, just the occasional student that would come by her office for counseling or help with classwork.
I made a point of trying to befriend her and sometime in her fourth year there, we'd occasionally sit in one or the other's office and have brief chats. It just seemed to me like she needed a friend. One day I was leaning against her doorjamb talking to her when I felt a hand on my arm, pulling me out of the doorway and a very aggressive angry voice saying, "Who the fuck are you, talking to my wife."
"John," Ms. Lee said in a squeaking voice, "there's no need for that kind of language. John, this is Mr. Franklin, his office is right next door," she said, trying to introduce us.
"I don't care who the fuck you are, keep away from my wife."
Turning to his wife, still with the same venom in his voice, he said, "I knew this was a bad idea having you working here, acting like a slut in front of the likes of him."
I was about to put him in his place when I looked at Ms. Lee and she quickly shook her head from side to side and mouthed, "no, no, no."
I stood up to my full height and I could momentarily see fear in his eyes, but it was soon replaced with his bully's bravado. "Just because you're a tall fuck, don't even think of giving me shit or I'll beat the shit out of you."
"Whatever pal," I said as I headed for my office.
As I entered my office, I heard her door slam thunderously and I could hear him yelling at her with no response whatsoever back, and at one point I heard a loud "smack" which was obviously someone slapping someone else very hard, probably across the face.
That was it for me, I untangled myself from my desk and as I was walking out my door, hers was flung open and he was pulling Ms. Lee out of her office with what looked like a death grip on her arm, and she was obviously in pain from his grasp. As I looked closer at her face, I saw that one cheek was very red, certainly Ms. Lee had been the recipient of the slap.
I was always taught that in no circumstances should a man hit a woman and seeing the red of Ms. Lee's face and the pain on her face from his grip, I saw red myself. Without even thinking about what I was doing, I reached out with my right arm, wrapped my hand around the front of his neck, picked him up and slammed him against the wall and held him there with his feet about a foot off the ground so we were eye to eye.
"I don't know where you learned your manners, but a man never hits or hurts a woman, much less his wife. If I ever hear of you hitting or slapping or in any other way hurting this woman, I will cut your balls off, fry them and watch you eat them with a smile on your face. DO I MAKE MYSELF CLEAR?"
I could see the bullies' fear in his eyes, and he managed to nod his head slightly. I continued to hold him pinned against the wall and just stared into his eyes to let him know I was serious.
"Mr. Franklin, Mr. Franklin, please let him go, he didn't mean anything," Ms. Lee pleaded while lightly tugging at my arm.
His face was getting very red, and I finally let go and he slid down the wall and collapsed to the floor before standing up, trying desperately to get oxygen back into his deprived body. When he was finally able to catch his breath, he pushed away from the wall and started backing away.
"Hey, if you want the bitch so bad, you can have her, I'm done with that cheating slut."
Ms. Lee rushed after him and telling him how sorry she was and saying that she'd never even looked at another man and he kept pushing her away until they disappeared out the door at the end of the hallway.
That was a Tuesday and Ms. Lee didn't return to classes until the following Monday. I was talking to a student outside my office when Ms. Lee rounded the corner. She stopped as soon as she saw us standing outside my office and it was obvious that she was trying to figure out a way to either back up around the corner or continue to her office. Finally, she decided to walk past us and as she did, she had her head down, very intentionally not looking at either of us. She had huge dark glasses on, and I thought it looked like her left arm was in a very odd position, underneath a shawl she was wearing. As she unlocked her door, I got a better look at her arm, and it appeared to me that it was in a cast as she quickly closed the door behind her.
I finished my conversation with the student and walked over to her door and knocked lightly. There was no answer and I waited for probably 20 or 30 seconds before knocking again and inquired, "Ms. Lee, are you okay."
There was no response, but I thought I could hear her sniffling, but I didn't want to impose so I withdrew to my office.
That was the last I saw of her that week. I knew she was in her office at times because I saw students in there occasionally, so I figured she was taking the long way to her office, most likely to avoid me I guessed.
The next week, one evening as I was getting ready to leave, I heard a meek, "Hi," behind me and I turned around to see Ms. Lee standing there looking frightened and vulnerable.
"Are you okay, is there anything I can do?" I asked her.
"No, I just wanted to say hello and thank you for what you did that day."
"I'm afraid to ask, but did I cause that," pointing to her arm and the now very colorful bruise and stitches around her eye.
"No, you didn't."
I knew that wasn't the case, but I figured if she ever wanted to talk about it, I'd let her do it in her own time.
"I have a favor to ask," she said, "would you mind calling me Rylen instead of Ms. Lee? I think at this point we're probably past the point of formality and using last names."
"Hi Rylen, and I'm Anson. I really hope you're okay. I was very worried when you didn't come in the rest of that week."
"As you can see, when we got home that day, John was furious, and he just kept hitting me and hitting me until the police arrived. I guess one of the neighbors called them, and when John tried hitting one of them also, they shot him with a taser gun and arrested him. Once he was gone, I called my sister and she took me to the hospital and the next day when they released me, she took me home and helped me pack everything of mine and I followed her to her house. My sister is making me get a divorce, this isn't the only time he's hit me, but this was the worst."
"I don't know if it's any of my business, but what all did he do to you?"
"He gave me a concussion, broke seven of my ribs, broke my right clavicle, broke my arm, and crushed my eye socket."
"Are you going to press charges and follow through with the divorce?"
"Yes, at this point I think I have to. If I don't, I'm afraid of what he'll do next time."
"If there is anything I can do, please don't hesitate to ask."
"At this point, I just think I'd like someone I can talk to. All my sister does is talk at me, all the rest of my family blames me for my marriage failing, and I don't feel there is anyone on my side."
"You know you didn't deserve this or cause it, don't you?" I asked.
She looked down and said yes, and right away I could tell she didn't believe it.
The rest of the school year was uneventful, and by the end of the year Rylen and I would talk in one of our offices almost daily. It was occasionally about students or faculty members, but often more personal. I found out that she was a Jehovah's Witness and they'd expelled her from the church, and except for her sister, her family shunned her when she divorced her husband. I was astounded that they would basically condone what he'd done to her. She was very surprised when I told her I'm an atheist.
She knew that on weekends I usually volunteered at a local food bank and or helped Habitat for Humanity and she couldn't wrap her head around the fact that I didn't appear to be this horrible, immoral person that religions want to paint atheists as.
One day just before summer break, a woman that I date occasionally came by my office, and as she was leaving Rylen popped her head in to say hi and she seemed very flustered when I introduced her to Jasmine. Jasmine was wearing a button up shirt that was completely unbuttoned and tied right up under her breasts, showing a lot of cleavage and side boob, leaving her midriff bare until her skintight low-rise jeans and then black over the knee boots. I could see that Rylen was looking at Jasmine up and down and she quickly turned and went back in the direction of her office, and then we heard Rylen's door slam.
"That was weird," I said, and Jasmine replied, "You know she has a crush on you, right?"
"What? Where did you get that, you just met her?"
"Oh my God, men can be so blind sometimes. The way she looked at you then me, she was crushed."
"You're on crack, here, let me walk you to your car."
When I got back, I knocked on Rylen's door and when she said, "Come in," I popped my head in and said, "Hi, can I come in?"
She said, "I guess," and I sat down in one of her chairs and she seemed unusually quiet so after a bit I asked her if she was okay, but she didn't elaborate much. Finally, after about five minutes, completely out of the blue, she said, "I wouldn't have thought that you were the type to use a prostitute."
I started laughing and it took a while to stop laughing enough to ask her if she meant Jasmine, all the while I could tell she was getting more and more angry.
"Jasmine isn't a prostitute," I said, "She's a trauma surgeon. What made you think she was a hooker?"
"Well, obviously the way she's dressed. She's really a doctor?"
"Yep, and a good Catholic girl on top of that. Just because she dresses a certain way doesn't mean anything. She realized years ago that just because she liked feeling sexy and liked the way men look at her, it doesn't take anything away from who she is."
As she looked down at the ground she asked, "So is she your girlfriend?"
"Hmm," I thought to myself, "This is going to be hard to navigate without hurting her feelings."
"I wouldn't say she's my girlfriend, we go out occasionally but we're not exclusive. We both like each other but also realize that we don't have long term compatible goals. I like the way she dresses, that's what initially attracted me to her, but she was really burned in her divorce and she's very clear on the fact that she's never going to be in an exclusive, long-term relationship, much less get married."
"Do you two have sex?" she asked, again with her eyes on the floor.
I looked at her for a couple of very long moments, "I usually make it a point to not kiss and tell, but in this case, I'll make an exception. Yes, usually when we go out, we do, but I get the impression that it's not going to happen many more times."
"Why?"
"I think she's getting scared about getting feelings for me and I can feel her start to pull back."
"Is she nice?"
"Yes, she is one of the sweetest, most compassionate people I've ever met. You two should get together, I think you could become incredible friends. You both have so much in common."
"Like what?"
"I've seen you with your students, Rylen. They all absolutely adore you because they see that you truly care for them, just like Jasmine cares for her patients. You're both frighteningly intelligent, you'd go a mile out of your way to not even step on a bug, you've both had horrible family lives, but you've risen above it, you're both very pretty and neither one of you lets your looks go to your head.
I'm serious Rylen, you two should really get together and see that you're both practically sisters but from different mothers."
"She's so much prettier than me, I'm sure she wouldn't want to go out with someone like me."
"I can tell you don't say that to fish for compliments but you're selling yourself short, you are a beautiful woman and someday you'll make a guy a very lucky person to land you. Unfortunately, I must go to class. I'll see you later?"
"I'll probably be here later than you, I'm going to start on next year's lesson plans."
As I was walking to my classroom, I called Jasmine and told her of our discussion and asked her, as a favor to me, to call up Rylen and see if they could get together sometime. Jasmine is super sweet and said she'd love to have a new friend and promised she'd call Rylen up, and then asked why I'd never asked Rylen out. I told her that Rylen was a bit too conservative for me, both in attitude and especially her attire and since we'd become very close friends, I didn't want to lead her on thinking something else might be there. I also confessed my pretty strong feelings of jealousy when Rylen mentioned that she'd been out on a few dates.
"God, you can be dense at times, I'm telling you she's nuts about you, and it sounds like you feel much the same way. I'm telling you, as a woman and as your friend, ask her out!"
"I understand that, but again I'm pretty clear about what I want and need and it's not someone that is that conservative. I mean seriously, you know me. Have I ever given you the slightest indication that what you were wearing was even a touch too much out there? I mean you look fantastic today but if we were going out for lunch or even dinner tonight, do you think I would have minded at all if your shirt had also been semi-transparent or if you were wearing shorts do you think there is any amount of shortness that I think was too much?"
"But you haven't even given her a chance."
"I'm sorry but I don't think someone could go from her conservative upbringing to what you look like now or when we go out."
"Well, I think you're wrong, but I guess I can see where you're coming from."
I didn't think much more about our conversation, figuring if Jasmine or Rylen wanted to tell me about it, they would.
Since Rylen and I had gotten so used to doing things together, as the term finally ended and rolled into summer break, I realized that I really missed talking with her. I'd was so used to having lunches together and often dinners, it felt very strange to not have her to talk to.
The seventh year that I was a professor, started about like one would expect with one twist. On the first day that several of us professors were back, I looked up to see this very pretty woman standing in my doorway and it took me several seconds to realize it was Rylen. She was wearing a pair of tight jeans, a sweater over a shirt of some kind and a pair of cute tennis shoes and her hair was no longer in the severe bun but in a ponytail. What tipped me off was still the heavy transitional glasses.
"Wow, you look fantastic, I almost didn't even recognize you at first," I said.
"Is it okay?"
"Of course it is, you look fantastic. Men are going to be paying a lot of attention to you."
By the end of the last term of the previous year, usually we'd hug hello or goodbye so as I was saying that I went up to her and hugged her. Previously our hugs had been of the short, how are you kind, but this time she held on to me for at least 10 seconds before we broke apart.
I'm usually pretty dense when it comes to signals from women so as we broke the hug I asked if she was okay. She told me that before her ex got out of jail, she had finally gotten a place of her own but was still having a hard time getting used to coming home to a quiet, empty house.
Rylen sat in my office, and we talked for a couple of hours until I realized it was after noon, so I asked her if she wanted to go somewhere and grab a bite to eat. She said she wanted to drop stuff in her office and that she'd be right back.
We had a nice lunch and afterwards we walked back to the college, and she sat in my office, and we talked for several more hours. Several times she thanked me for saving her that fateful day and helping her start to realize her own self-worth. I told her it was an honor to help and any time she needed anything to let me know.
She mentioned that she'd been on a several dates and currently had a boyfriend, which she put in air quotes, but was hesitant to talk about him or them.
Suddenly I realized I wanted to hear about everything that went on during those dates. It was kind of weird, even though we'd never so much as been on an official date, I felt something I'd never experienced before, hearing her talk about being out with a man. As I analyzed it in my head, I realized for the first time in my life I now knew what jealousy felt like. And wow, I didn't like that feeling or understand it.
I was suddenly very startled to realize that I had different feelings towards her than just friends. Out of the blue, I was wondering how she'd feel in my arms, how it would feel to kiss her, and for some reason had the thought what it would be like to be out on a small rowboat on a lake at dawn with mist on the water and her in my arms. I had no idea where that thought came from, but it felt very comforting.
That was the moment where I realized that somewhere along the line I'd fallen in love with Rylen.
During the summer months all I did was travel, spending most of the time in Europe so when I got back, I saw Jasmine a few times over the next couple of months and when I found out the date that the college was having a small gathering for faculty members and significant others the second Saturday of December, I asked Jasmine if she'd be interested in being my date. She said she already had plans but suggested I ask Rylen.
Slowly I started to see a lot more confidence in Rylen and through our daily talks she would tell me about dates she was having. I know it sounds stupid, but again when she was talking about dating, I was getting strong feelings of jealousy, and felt like my heart was being twisted out of my chest because of the guys she was going out with. I knew that in the long term I wouldn't be happy with someone that was mentally and physically conservative but still, it would almost kill me inside each time.
That was one of the things that attracted me to Jasmine, if she wasn't at work she always dressed very provocatively. Hell, several times when we'd go out, she'd flash someone or have a "wardrobe malfunction" and "accidentally" expose one or both of her breasts and or pussy.
Maybe a month or so later, one day we were talking in Rylen's office, and she casually mentioned that she'd met a guy when she'd been out Friday night and after they woke up in the morning they went to breakfast and then the farmer's market. Upon hearing that, that little green-eyed devil of jealousy flooded into my mind, but I realized I had no right to be jealous, so I tried to tamper down the jealous feelings. I think she could tell something was wrong and asked me what was going on, but I just deflected the question and within a couple of minutes I made an excuse to leave, still feeling like someone had punched me in the gut.
Jasmine said a couple more times that I should give Rylen a chance, but I reiterated that I really valued Rylen as a good friend and didn't want to hurt her. I eventually confided to Jasmine that at that point I not only considered Rylen my best friend, but at somewhere along the line, I'd fallen in love with her. I told Jasmine how Rylen and I talked every day, had lunch together most days and even had dinner occasionally and Rylen knew most of my deepest dark secrets, except sexual ones, and that I felt I knew hers, including sexual ones. She again attempted to get me to ask Rylen out, but I gave her my same arguments and eventually I was glad the subject was dropped.
I always hated the end of the calendar year because having no living family and not in a serious long-term relationship since I split with my ex, I had been alone the last 10 or 11 holidays. Just the thought of that was depressing.
The Wednesday of the week before Thanksgiving, Jasmine called me up and asked if I was busy that Saturday. When I told her I wasn't doing anything she said she had a friend in town and said if I had a good-looking friend, and she reiterated good looking, the four of us should get together. I asked who her friend was, but she just said I wasn't familiar with her, but she was very pretty and super nice. I teased her a bit about setting my friend up and not me, and then she turned the tables on me and asked if she wasn't enough for me.
I may not have been in that many long-term relationships but I knew that was a loaded, dangerous question so I just laughed it off and told her I'd see who I could find. I asked for more details on this mystery woman, but Jasmine just kept saying she was sure he wouldn't be disappointed. I told her I had a myriad of friends, ranging from construction workers to a few CEO's and tried to get a few hints as to what kind of guy this woman might like. However, Jasmine was not to be dissuaded, just kept saying she'd leave it up to me.
I already had an idea who I'd ask, but just wanted to mess with Jasmine a bit to see if she'd give me any clues. I knew a guy quite well from working with Habitat for Humanity, but his day-to-day job was a sales manager for Maserati. While it sounded like a hoity toity job, he is very down to earth, very respectful to those around him, and to appease Jasmine, incredibly handsome.
Jasmine called me Friday morning to see if I had found someone and see if we were both interested. I told her that Andrea, my friend, trusted my judgement about his "upcoming date" and that we would both be wherever she was thinking of going. I reiterated to her that she shouldn't be joking with me about her friend being nice and good looking, and she reassured me that he wouldn't be disappointed. She told us to meet at 6 pm at a new restaurant/club that had just opened the weekend before, first for dinner and drinks and then dancing. She said the reason we were meeting so early was because there had been so much hype about the place even before they opened, that the only way we could get a table was at that early hour.
I spent the day working on a house for Habitat for Humanity and by 3 pm I was exhausted from swinging a hammer all day. On my drive home, I was seriously thinking of calling Jasmine and cancelling for the evening but figured I'd committed to it and didn't want to let the other three down.
I figured that Andrea's Maserati would be much more impressive to arrive in than my Genesis, so I asked him if it would be okay to take his car and I'd be the designated driver at the end of the evening. He'd sold me a Maserati before, so he knew I was used to driving exotic cars, so he didn't have a problem with that plan. I'm sure he was also secretly hoping that his date would be suitably impressed.
I've never been much of one to spend much on "stuff," with the exception of first edition books, clothes, and a few cars. My favorite designer for the last several years has been Tom Ford. Henceforth a lot of my wardrobe consisted of his things, so I picked out a pair his black jeans, white shirt, black evening jacket, shoes and my favorite cologne, 'Fucking Fabulous'. I knew Andrea would also be suitably dressed and when he picked me up that I saw that my thoughts were confirmed. In fact, we comparably dressed, except his jeans were blue and his jacket was double breasted.
Even when we arrived at 6 on the dot, there were a few people waiting outside to get in. I told the maître d' that we were meeting two ladies and asked if it would be okay if I looked inside to see if they were already there. I looked around for a few seconds and saw what I knew instantly was Jasmine's back sitting at a high-top table. She has a very distinctive tattoo of a lion on her back, and heaven knows I'd seen her back enough naked to recognize it from 30 feet away. She had on a halter top that showed half her back, a skirt that looked pretty short and a triple strand of pearls that I'd given her a couple of years before.
At almost the same time, I noticed her friend sitting next to her. And wow, she looked hot. I was instantly jealous of Andrea. Jasmine's friend also had on a halter top but hers was open all the way down to her waist where there was just a small bunched up bit of shiny silver fabric. She had on a black pleated skirt, but hers was so short that I could tell from the way the back was covering up just the back of the seat, that her bare butt had to be on the seat itself. I've never been much of a hair person, but she had the most amazing hair that I think I'd ever seen, or at least noticed. It was a dirty blonde with different colored streaks of blonde through it, with very loose curls and came almost half way down her back. If I looked up tresses of lightly curled hair in the dictionary, hers would be it.
I went back out and pulled Andrea away from the women he was talking to and told him the ladies were already inside. He briefly commented that his date better be something special because one of the women he'd been talking to had really been flirting with him. "Oh, don't worry," I said, "I just saw her from the back and I'm sure you'll be pleasantly happy."
We came up to the ladies and I gave Jasmine a brief kiss on the cheek before we moved over and sat in front of the ladies. Except I screwed up. When I bent over and kissed Jasmine on the cheek, I blocked Andrea from getting past me, so I ended up sitting in front of Jasmine's friend as Andrea sat in front of Jasmine.
As I finally paid attention to the woman I was now sitting across from, an almost whispered, "Holy Shit," passed out of my lips. I immediately apologized for my unintended, rude outburst but that thought passed so strongly through my mind that I couldn't help that it was partially audible. She was what I'd call "stone cold gorgeous." Now I was really jealous of Andrea since this was his date.
Everyone was looking and laughing at me like I was a blithering, stuttering idiot because I could hardly form a logical sentence without stuttering. Working on a day-to-day basis with some occasionally striking co-ed's, I'm seldom impressed with beauty, much less have a difficult time talking to anyone, but I felt like a fish that's been pulled out of the deep and suddenly found myself with my mouth opening and closing with nothing coming out.
I've always had a different sense of beauty than most men. Sure, I think Pamela Anderson or Bo Derek were pretty in their day but not what I'd call beautiful. Very few women would I ever put in that category but the woman now sitting across from me was at the head of that short list. Her beautiful hair framed her face and while I'd never been much of one for eye makeup hers fit her perfectly. It was done exquisitely in a smoky brown hue and blended into her face to accentuate her eyes. I was sure she was either a makeup artist or had her makeup done professionally. And her eyes, I'd never really seen eyes that brilliant of an amber color, not brown, amber.
When Jasmine was finally able to quell her laughter at my discomfort, she, bless her heart, finally introduced herself to Andrea and extended her hand to shake his. As he was also able to stop laughing, he took the back of her hand and gave it a brief kiss and she certainly took her time taking her hand away from him. He was still laughing at me but was able to say, "The pleasure is all mine, I'm Andrea."
I was of course mortified at myself and was blushing furiously and felt like an absolute idiot. Especially now that Andrea thought Jasmine was his date.
I saw Jasmine's eyes sparkle at my obvious discomfort but also, I could tell that she also thought Andrea was as good looking as I thought her friend was. She looked right in my eyes and said, "And you. If you'd pick your jaw up off the floor and be a gentleman like Andrea here, I'm sure you'll recognize my friend here."
I was confused as I looked from Jasmine to her friend and back to Jasmine with, I'm sure a complete blank look on my face, especially since Jasmine said I didn't know her friend when we first talked.
Suddenly it hit me, and my head whipped back to her friend, and again I couldn't keep the words that were shouting out in my brain, off my tongue, "Holy Fuck!! I mean Holy Shit! I'M SO SORRY, OH MY GOD, RYLEN! OH MY GOD I'M SO SORRY!
OH MY GOD, YOU LOOK INCREDIBLE! I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to swear but my God, you are absolutely beautiful."
Of course, after that outburst, everyone around us was looking at me, Jasmine and Andrea were laughing at me again, and Rylen had a huge smile on her face but also a couple of tears coming out of her eyes. I was suddenly worried that I'd hurt her feelings or something and once again started stuttering. "I'm so sorry about being so rude but oh my, I mean holy shit. Shit, I mean I'm sorry but oh my God you are stunning. I can't believe it's you, I mean I can but oh my God!"
Finally, Jasmine helped me out and said, "Anson. Anson, look at me, take a couple of deep breaths, pull yourself together, it's not like you've never seen a pretty woman before, and yes, I'm starting to feel like chopped liver here."
After dabbing her eyes a bit and still smiling, Rylen stood up next to the table, smoothed down her skirt and asked, "Are you sure I look okay, it's not too much?
"Oh my God, are you kidding? God knew what he was doing when he made you and then broke the mold. I think you are the sexiest woman on earth."
"Oh really, God huh? Aren't you an atheist?"
I stood up facing her and took her all in and turned to Jasmine. "What on earth did you do with my best friend, this woman is beautiful?"
I looked back at Rylen and asked, "May I kiss you?"
"I was afraid you'd never ask."
I leaned forward and gave her a short, soft kiss on the lips, pulled back for a second and looked at her in the eyes and as I was pulling her in for a hug I said, "Oh my God you're beautiful," before leaning back in for a better kiss.
I felt my tongue briefly touch her lips before they parted and suddenly our tongues were together, our lips were locked and I'm not sure I'd ever felt like this ever before. My best friend had suddenly transformed into an alluring, sexy, beautiful woman. I don't know how long our kiss lasted, but my brain finally registered clapping and after a few more seconds of that blissful kiss we finally broke apart, but I didn't want to let go of her hand for fear that I'd suddenly awake from a dream and she'd be just a figment of my imagination.
Finally, the clapping subsided, and we both sat down and then Jasmine could have killed me with a feather when she said, "Andrea, I'd like to introduce you to your date, Rylen."
As my throat clogged up and my heart fell into my stomach, he reached out for her hand and said, "Ciao Rylen, e un piacere incontrarti"
As he then kissed her hand, she said, "E un piacere conoscerla anche gentile signore."
I looked at them like a spectator at a horror tennis match. I felt like I'd been stabbed in the gut. Holy shit, I didn't want Rylen to be his date, I wanted her to be my date.
All I wanted was to leave this nightmare, but I knew I had to somehow suck it up and I had to force every word out of my throat when I said to Andrea, "I guess we should switch seats."
"Oh my God, Anson," Jasmine said, "If I'd known you were so easy to fuck with, I'd have done it years ago. Don't have a stroke."
She turned her eyes to Andrea and said, "I'm so sorry you got dragged into this hilarious mess but if you'll have me, I'm actually your date for the evening. This one here," she said, pointing to Rylen, "Is in love with this clod here," she said, pointing to me.
"And if this dunce here," she said pointing to me, "would get his head out of his ass, he'd realize he loved her too. I mean seriously, I thought he was going to have a heart attack there for a minute. God, why didn't I know you were so easy to fuck with?" She asked as she turned to me.
"Of course, beautiful Jasmine, I'd be delighted and honored to be your date," Andrea said.
Turning back to Rylen who had a huge smile seeing my discomfort, I again said, "My God you are beautiful. And how much Italian do you know. And what did you say to each other?"
Rylen looked at Andrea and said, "è divertente quando è agitato, vero?"
Turning to me, she said, "He said it was a pleasure to meet me and I said it was a pleasure to meet him too, and then I said, 'It's funny when he's agitated, right?'"
"Okay, now you're messing with me, am I going to need a translator on our dates? How long have you known Italian?"
"Dates? You've never asked me out on a date, much less dates. I had to get my friend here to set me up with you. Dates implies that there will be more, I thought I was too conservative for you! I've been fluent in Italian for years, but wait, I thought you knew everything about me, my deepest darkest secrets, even sexual ones?"
Andrea turned to me and said, "Buddy, I get the feeling you've said some of the wrong things and you should shut up and quit before you get pummeled even more."
I turned back to Rylen and saw a huge smile on her face, and I said, "Ah, shit, now you're fucking with me too."
"Yeah, kind of, but I wish you'd at least given me a chance. Every date I've been on for the last year, the whole time I was wishing it was you."
"Wait a minute, let's back up a bit here," I said looking at Jasmine, "You said she loves me."
"Jesus you can be dense sometimes, I told you that what five or six months ago, but you said, 'No, I was on crack.' What did you do, fail women 101? In the last six months, this one," she said pointing at Rylen, "has been to the gym almost every day, taken dance lessons, taken pole dancing classes, gotten some incredibly sexy clothes, learned to walk in heels, and has even gotten laid more than once. And what have you been doing besides being a hermit and giving me some mind-blowing sex, what, once or twice a month?"
Feeling I had to at least defend myself regardless of what Andrea said about shutting up, I said, "I told you I didn't want her to change for me, I didn't want her to feel pressured to be someone she wasn't."
"Didn't you feel I had the right to decide that myself," Rylen asked. "I like who I am now, I like feeling sexy, I love it when men look at me and desire me. Yes, I'll say it, I love you. Not because you were my knight in shining armor but for the kind, great man you are. I know what you did today, how many guys would give up their weekends to help others?
Like you, I thought I knew everything about you, but Jasmine told me there is so much you haven't shared with me. You're like me, you're so afraid of getting hurt you won't give your true self to anyone, including me, your supposed best friend. Yes, I know what your last name is, and boy did that sting when I found out you've kept that little gem from me."
Turning to Andrea she asked, "Do you know what his last name is? I mean you're pretty good friends, aren't you?"
"Ah, yeah, it's Franklin, what did he tell you it was?"
Turning back to me she asked, "My God, does anyone really know the whole real you? I mean between Jasmine and me we may know most of you but I'm supposedly your best friend."
Again, speaking to Andrea, she said, "His last name is really Anderson. I am sure that doesn't mean anything to you but everyone at the college knows his name. Well, knows THE name. We have this beautiful building for the music department and other disciplines that was just finished a couple of years ago. The main concert area is supposedly this perfect, acoustically designed place. Do you know what the name of it is? It's Anderson Hall. Apparently, some rich guy gave a bunch of money to the college with the stipulation that it was to be used for that particular building and then the college decided they should name it after him."
Looking at me she said, "Do you know how much he gave? I mean I'll bet if we asked his best friend she'd know, wouldn't she? But no, apparently, he didn't tell anyone, it's this big dark secret. How much do you think he gave; I mean seriously, I'd like to know. What do you think? Maybe 10 grand? Or a hundred grand? Or hey, maybe even a million dollars, I don't know how much it takes to get a building named after you. I mean, come on, I love you with all my heart, couldn't you even tell me that? I mean look at me, I bet I could fuck almost any guy in this place and all I want is you, not the money you, the real you. Sure, I understand why you don't want everyone to know..."
"Ten million."
"...but at least... WHAT?" She screamed. And now of course everyone around was looking at us again.
"Ten million dollars"
I looked at all three of them and they were staring at me with their mouths open like I'd just said the Pope was converting to Islam. Of course, I felt like a real heel, this was not the way I saw this evening going at all.
"Seriously," Rylen asked, "You gave ten million dollars to the college?"
I just nodded my head.
"And you didn't want anyone to know that?"
I shook my head no.
"Would you have ever told me?"
"Yes."
"When?"
"I don't know. At first, I didn't want to tell you for the same reason I don't want everyone else to know. But then after I got to know you, I couldn't figure out a way to tell you without you being hurt for my withholding something like that. You are my best friend and I'm sorry for not telling you. I'm sorry I didn't trust you to tell you the truth. And I'm sorry for not being honest with you and letting you know why I'd never asked you out. I always swore that I'd never expect someone to change for me and I didn't realize you would want to change on your own.
I never thought I had a jealous bone in my body, but tonight when Jasmine said you were actually Andrea's date, it felt like she'd stuck a dagger in my heart. This is going to sound stupid but when we got back from summer break and you said you'd been on a few dates and it felt like somebody yanked my heart out of my chest and stomped on it, but I knew I didn't have a right to feel that way, especially because I'd tried to be sure to keep that distance between us.
And then, seeing you here tonight, looking like the sexiest woman in the world, if someone told me I had to choose between this you and my best friend you, I don't know what I'd do. I wouldn't want to have to make that choice."
"Oh honey, come here," she said as she stood up and waited for me to give her a hug.
After we broke the hug and kiss that came with it she looked at me and said, "Really, ten million dollars?"
"Yeah."
"Who all knows about this?"
"Well, obviously Dean Collins, the Chancellor, and the members of the board, as far as I know, that should be it. Well, okay, the IRS also. It was very clearly stipulated in the agreement that my name was to be kept out of it and I was really pissed when I heard they were going to name it after me.
"Where the hell did you get ten million dollars, I mean, not that I'm concerned but do you have anything left?"
"Well you know the story about my parents not changing their will to write me out of it. What I never mentioned was that they were very wealthy. Also, you know about my patents, and I've got a guy that takes care of my money and he's done very well for me. Yes, I've got plenty left, but I easily live on my salary from the school.
Now it's my turn for questions. Okay?"
"Okay..." she tentatively said.
"Okay, what the hell did you do with my best friend, the quiet, conservative college professor. Not that I don't absolutely love this look." I said, gesturing at her face and body. "I mean oh my God, what are you, a dual personality? And where are your glasses? I've never seen you without them. You look completely different without them; they always hid your eyes a bit. My God, you've got gorgeous eyes, they look like liquid pools of topaz, they're stunning but I've never seen you without your glasses. And Wowzers, that outfit, do you own more of the same style, and whoa, I feel like an idiot you've got some amazing cleavage, you've always hidden that too."
"First of all, I guess I should explain my eyes. I've always hidden them because they are an unusual color. People used to always stare at them and with my parents so religious, they always encouraged me to be more plain so I always wore glasses to hide them. I wear transition lenses and my conservative attire at work to keep the wolves at bay but yes, the contacts are new to me and I'm just getting used to them. My eye doctor says I'm a perfect candidate for Lasik surgery but the thought of surgery on my eyes scares the crap out of me."
Yes, I guess I am a bit of a dual personality but from what Jasmine has told me, you are too. She's told me a few of the things you guys have done, and while the thought of it scares the crap out of me, I can hardly wait to try it. I guess I've done a few things, but she says there are several things you've done that even she won't do. I want to do those things with you, I want us both to live out every fantasy we've ever had. But yes, I do want to keep little miss conservative at work. I don't know if you like that idea or not, but I don't want to have to fight off horny college guys all day, I get enough of that as is, I can't imagine what it would be like if I dressed like this there.
I have a several other outfits along this line, but obviously I don't wear them around the campus. I want to have mostly good memories with my special clothes but some of them don't have great memories. What I'd like is for us to go shopping to pick out things we'll both like. I'd also like you to surprise me with a few outfits also. Maybe something you think I wouldn't wear; Jaz has helped me realize that I also seem to have an exhibitionist streak in me.
The waitress interrupted our conversation, asking all of us if we wanted drinks, and after taking our orders and passing out menus to everyone, she left and we resumed our conversations, now between the four of us. Andrea was sort of the odd man out because I was the only person he knew but with his gregarious personality, it seemed like the four of us were old friends. Along with Rylen and I flirting with each other, I saw Andrea and Jasmine very blatantly flirting and it seemed like every fourth word with then was turned into sexual innuendo.
I knew that when Rylen was expelled from the church, she had repudiated a lot of her religious views, so I wasn't surprised when she ordered a cocktail before dinner but was quite surprised when she picked out a bottle of wine for all of us for dinner. When I asked her about that, she admitted with a laugh that she'd looked up their wine menu online and had done a bunch of research to find the one with the highest ratings and reviews.
We all had a fantastic dinner with great stimulating conversation, all the while I could barely keep my eyes off Rylen. I realized years ago that I'm a visually oriented person and I very much like it when the woman I'm with is a tease or an exhibitionist. I was in a quandary, because emotionally and in my heart, I knew I had very strong feelings for her, and when I thought about it, I felt I could trust her with any part of me. However, upon analyzing it, I realized I was a hypocrite because I'd obviously kept so much of myself from her. I still couldn't fathom the leap from where she was appearance wise before and how she was at work, to this apparition before me. I never imagined that she'd be comfortable being out in public in the outfit she was currently wearing but if I really looked at it, I realized that she wasn't dressed in anything I hadn't seen Jasmine wearing and that never took anything away from her professionalism at the hospital.
I'd gotten pretty quiet at one point and Rylen asked me what was going through my head, and I explained that I was embarrassed about not really trusting her because she really was my best friend. "I know this is going to sound stupid, but you really are my world." Jasmine and Andrea had also stopped talking and were listening to us but I kept looking at Rylen and I continued, "No offense to you Jasmine but when I go home, or when I have a quiet moment, you Rylen, are the person I think of. I never really realized it before but when I first get home, or when I'm sitting down to eat by myself, or when I am getting ready to go to bed and when I finally get into bed, I do think of you. You've crept into my mind and heart so silently that until now that I never even realized it, but thinking of it here tonight, it finally came to me. Even if you don't dress like this, I want you there. I want to eat dinner with you every night. I want to go to bed with you every night. I want to see you at your best and your worst, when you first wake up, when you get out of the shower, when we're dressed up for a black-tie event, and like you are right now, the hottest, most beautiful woman in the building."
By the time I finished, both women had smiles on their faces and tears in their eyes and Rylen and I both stood up and hugged each other in almost a death grip. We finally leaned our heads back and had a couple of brief kisses and Rylen said, "Every date I went on, I was wishing it was you. At the end of each date but one, the man gave me a goodnight kiss on the lips and each time I felt like I was cheating on you. We've never even had a romantic kiss and still I felt like I was cheating."
I guess you could say it was just spur of the moment or I was just caught up an unstoppable wave, but when I got down on one knee I knew exactly what I was doing and was 100 percent sincere when I said, "Rylen, like a fool it's taken me too long to realize it but you're the love of my life and I'd be a fool to let you go. Will you marry me?"
As soon as I dropped to one knee, I could tell that Jasmine and Rylen were completely surprised because they both had shocked looks on their faces with their mouths open and their hands covering them and then with a big smile, Rylen started saying, "Oh my God. Oh my God..." and when I finally asked if she'd marry me, she squealed, "Of course, yes, yes, yes!"
She pulled me up and pulled us together and forcefully started one of the most passionate kisses I'd ever had. Feeling the softness of her mouth and tongue against mine, we were both lightly moaning, and I was sure she could feel my arousal against her front. As we broke our first ever sensual kiss, I felt her hot breath on me, and I knew I never wanted to sleep without her again.
The manager approached our table and asked what all the commotion was about and when Jasmine said I'd just proposed and Rylen said yes, he said he'd send over a complimentary bottle of champagne. We all thanked him and when the waitress brought the champagne, to my delight we all toasted out upcoming nuptials.
After we all settled down and started talking, I noticed that the DJ was still setting up so I excused myself from everyone and walked over to him and handed him a fifty-dollar bill and asked if he could start out the night with Elvis Presley's version of Unchained Melody which I knew was Rylen's favorite song. He said he'd be glad to, and I also asked if he could give me a heads up, so Rylen and I could already be on the dance floor when the song started.
When I returned to the table everyone asked me what I'd said to him, and I told a little white lie and said I just wanted to see what kind of equipment he used and talked audio for a bit. I saw that Rylen bought my little fib, but Jasmine was by no means fooled. We all resumed our conversations but about 15 minutes later our waitress came up to me and whispered in my ear that the DJ was ready to start playing for the night and it was time for Rylen and me to get out onto the floor.
I stood and took Rylen's hand and led her to where we stood in the middle of the dance floor, then with a questioning look on her face I put her hands around my neck and mine around her waist. As I got my hands around her waist, I leaned down and initiated a kiss just before the song started. As the first measure finished, she broke our kiss and looked at me and said, "Oh my God, Anson, I love you so much," and then resumed our kiss. Soon, I noticed that Jasmine and Andrea had joined us and the four of us swayed to the song until the end.
When the song finished the DJ said, "So tonight, we're going to start out differently. For the first little bit here, we'll play some love songs in honor of our newly engaged couple. I'd like to invite all those in love or those who hope to be there, to join our soon to be man and wife on the dance floor.
Within seconds, the dance floor was crowded with couples as Whitney Houston's version of I Will Always Love You started. Rylen and I didn't move much from where we were, just swaying to the music, relishing finally being together. I did have to smile and whisper into Rylen's ear, questioning if the DJ had ever listened to the lyrics of the song because the song was really about losing someone you love.
She smiled at me and said, "Anson, that's what I love about you, your logical mind. I'm sure everyone else here just hears the words 'I Will Always Love You' and think it's a happy song but you don't do anything to pierce the bubble of their happiness."
The DJ played a couple slower songs and then picked it up with 'Start Me Up' by the Stones. We broke our embrace and started dancing much faster and it was then that I noticed how really revealing Rylen's outfit was. The faster she'd move, the more her breasts would be exposed by her top and the more of her ass and underwear would be shown to anyone watching.
We danced for several more dances with Rylen flashing all the onlookers and after a bit we decided to take a break and headed back to our table to cool off and catch our breath. I knew the waitress was a little antsy to turn our table over so she could get more tips so I talked to her and asked if we could stay at the table all night. I told her that before she got off for the evening if she'd place several to go orders for us to take home, that way the restaurant would get the money from the kitchen, and I told the waitress I'd certainly tip her accordingly. She told us how much she appreciated that and when I ordered a bottle of 2015 Veuve Clicquot La Grande Brut Champagne and asked her to put another on ice for us she rushed away to get the wine for us.
Shortly after the waitress, who at that point asked us to call her Linda, returned with the champagne in an ice bucket, Andrea and Jasmine came back from the dance floor, both with huge smiles on their faces and out of breath. We all toasted to a wonderful evening and then I asked Rylen and Andrea if they would allow Jasmine and me to dance and when they both said sure, I asked Jasmine if she be willing to do one of our special dances. She said she'd love to but had to go out to her car and change. Both Andrea and Rylen didn't understand why she needed to change but she told them to just watch and find out.
Dancing is something Jasmine and I would do every time we'd go out and we'd really become perfect dance partners since we'd been doing it for several years.
As a kid, all my family danced so starting at a very young age, dancing was just something that I did naturally. Over the course of my childhood, I'd learned almost every kind of dancing there was and that was one way I supplemented my income as a relatively poor college student, I taught dancing. Eventually I taught Jasmine how to tango and that became one of our favorite ways to dance and as such, she always carried a skirt in her car to put on anytime we went out.
She soon returned, still wearing her halter top but now had on a long soft flowing skirt that came down to just below her knees. I knew from previous experience that the skirt had a slit up the side all the way up from the hem to the waist band. Basically, it was like wearing a towel around your waist that just had something at the top to hold it together. When she got back and sat down Rylen looked down at her and said, "Wow, now I sure feel underdressed."
What she couldn't see but Andrea sure could, was the entirety of her leg, all the up to her torso. From experience with her out in that skirt, I know sometimes she wears it with underwear, and sometimes without. I asked Andrea, "So, is she or isn't she wearing underwear under that skirt."
"Ahhh, that would be without."
"Well, be ready because you're going to get quite the show."
I again walked to the DJ and handing him another 50, I asked him if he had any good tango songs and he said he had the perfect one. I headed back to the table and when the current song was over, the DJ made a short speech about how tonight was a special night and he was going to be mixing up the music a bit and then said he'd again be honoring a special request from me.
As he was saying that, I took Jasmine's hand and led her out to the dance floor. It had almost emptied and when the last few remaining couples saw it was us, they stood back around the edges of the dance floor to give us some room and see what was going to happen.
With as much as Jasmine danced the tango, we knew all of the most popular songs and when we heard the first note we knew which song it was, 'Tango Santa Maria.' We had danced to this song probably 20 or 30 times and knew it was a very sensual song so since we had our dates to impress, we really danced it up. Jasmine is a great dancer and for the tango, she moves in a very sensual, sexual way. We used the entire dance floor, spinning and twirling most of the time moving her legs between mine and faces apart by no more than an inch. I'd spin her over my back, over my head, she'd lift her leg up, giving everyone a complete view of her naked leg all the way up past her hip, leaving it obvious to everyone that she wasn't wearing anything under the skirt. While I doubt anyone got more than a very brief glimpse of her pussy, I knew most of the men were hoping to.
When the song ended, I think everyone in the restaurant was clapping and cheering, and the DJ said he'd bring in something more mainstream and it took us a few measures to recognize 'Tango in the Night' by Fleetwood Mac. We resumed our dancing and were soon joined by another couple that we recognized from a few other nights we went dancing at various clubs. For some reason they never seemed to want to exchange names, but they were also pretty good tango dancers. About halfway through the song when we were momentarily close enough and I asked them, "Spin and switch?"
"Certainly," the man responded, so we danced away from each other to the opposite edges of the dance floor.
It was a move some of us regular dancers knew, and the tango was perfect for it. What you'd do is, both couples would approach from different directions on a line parallel to each other. It would look like both couples were going to collide, but one couple would be slightly behind the other. When we met, of the couple behind, the man would continue behind the man in front as the couples merged. The women would then switch partners. The partner of the man who went behind would slide into the arms of the front man and the partner of the front man would then step forward into the arms of the back man as he crossed behind and then stepped forward. If done correctly it would look like they just went through each other but now the partners were mixed differently.
We executed the maneuver perfectly and we heard a few, "ooh and ahh's" along with some clapping and we finished the song with different partners. When the song ended, we all smiled at each other, did traditional courtesies and they walked away.
I beckoned Andrea and Rylen with my finger as 'Songbird' by Fleetwood Mac started and Rylen hurried out and melted into my arms.
"That was just beautiful, you have to teach me how to dance like that."
With a slight chuckle, I said, "I'll be happy to, but you'll have to be patient, Jasmine and I have danced hundreds of hours together. Having said that, it'll be a lot more fun teaching it to you than her."
After 'Songbird, the DJ again picked up the tempo and we danced for at least another half an hour or so before returning to our table, joining Jasmine and Andrea. In no time we'd finished the champagne and I signaled the waitress for the next bottle. When she brought it, she also brought our to go food and said she was getting ready to close out for the evening.
I gave her my credit card and when she returned, I invited her to bring another glass and join us and she said she'd be happy to and thanked me.
When she returned, she said that was the sweetest thing she'd ever seen when Rylen and I were having our conversation and then when I proposed to her. She asked how long I'd been planning to ask Rylen and was shocked when I told her that it wasn't planned at all. Linda demanded we tell her the whole story so between Jasmine, Rylen and me, we surprised her how we ended up here tonight, engaged.
Linda then asked what my relationship to Jasmine was, mentioning how intimate we seemed on the dance floor. That was a little more difficult to explain so I passed that over to Jasmine who did a much better job than I possibly could have.
When we'd take a break and be back at the table, occasionally another guy would come up and ask one of the women to dance and while Linda and Jasmine accepted a couple of the invitations, Rylen always declined, saying she only wanted to dance with me. We all danced together for a couple more hours until Rylen mentioned that she was getting tired, and her feet were getting sore. "I'm still not used to wearing these heels for a long period of time and right now, after one more song, I'd love nothing more than a foot rub from my fiancée and crawl into bed."
She asked me for one of my bribes for the DJ and was shocked when I handed her a 50 but still headed over to the DJ. I saw her hand him the 50 and he nodded his head and smiled to whatever she asked of him. I was expecting her to return to our table, but she turned the other way and I guessed she was headed to the bathroom.
A couple of minutes later she appeared heading our way with a huge smile on her face. On the way, a couple of guys said something to her, but she just shook her head no without breaking stride. When she got to our table, she went to reach for my left hand with hers but just before our hands met, she raised hers up dropping her panties from her hand until they caught on her thumb, dangling there before dropping them into my open hand, obviously showing Andrea, Jasmine, Linda, and me that she now didn't have anything under that super micro mini skirt.
She took my hand and as we headed to the dance floor 'Rock This Town' by Brian Setzer came on and she hurried me along saying this was our last song. When we got to the dance floor there were already a few couples dancing but as Rylen and I got more and more into the song, the others faded off the dance floor. I could tell that this was a song that Rylen had danced to before and we were into a very energetic east coast style of swing dancing where there were a lot of twirls and spins involved. As we were dancing, I couldn't help but notice that as she would spin, her dress would flare up, completely exposing her pussy or ass and her top was fighting a losing battle keeping her tits contained. It suddenly occurred to me that the reason that we were the only one's dancing wasn't that we were such good dancers, although we were, it was because of the show that Rylen was putting on.
When the song was over, we were both out of breath and got a pretty good round of applause from the rest of the patrons of the bar. When we got back to the table, I asked Rylen and Andrea to give Jasmine and me a minute, so I pulled her away from the table and moved over to the closest wall so we could talk.
"I have no idea how to thank you for taking Rylen under your wing and allowing her to blossom in ways I never thought she would or could. I will spend the rest of my life in your debt, so please, if you ever need something or need someone for anything, please let me know, I'll be there. You've made me the happiest person on earth."
Since we've known each other so long and so intimately, I could read her like a book and when she gave me a particular look and a little smile, I knew exactly what she was referring to.
"Well, okay, anything but that. I'm sorry, but we've had our last "date" and while I've loved our sexual chemistry, our time between the sheets has come to an end."
"Anson, I wouldn't be too surprised if you've already paid off any debt you feel you may owe me. I'm sure that with you not being to see any further than Rylen, you haven't noticed but Andrea and I have really clicked tonight and I'm really excited to see if this is going to go anywhere."
"I'm so happy to hear that. He is a really great guy and I know he'd treat you well and you deserve someone like him in your life."
We shared a long hug and a brief kiss on the lips before heading back to the table. Just before we got to the table, she whispered to me, "And don't be too sure we'll never be under the same sheet again."
I wasn't sure I heard her right and asked, "What?" But by then we were already back at the table and Rylen pulled me to her and gave me a scorching hot kiss before we gathered up our to-go food and we hugged everyone and said our good-byes.
Andrea said he and Jasmine were going to stay a bit longer and then call an Uber. In the six hours that we'd been there, I'd only had one cocktail, one glass of wine and one glass of champagne so he gave me the keys to his car, and I said we'd be in touch the next day to get his car back to him.
"Just don't make it too early." Looking at Jasmine, he continued, "We probably won't be up and about until lunch at the earliest."
I laughed and took Rylen by the arm, and we headed out. As the valet brought the car around, I helped Rylen down into the car, and in the process, I got quite the flash of both her tits and pussy.
As we started off, I asked Rylen if she wanted to go to her place or mine and she said that since she'd never seen my house, she'd like to go there. Unfortunately, Maserati's aren't very conducive to making out, so our drive was pretty much limited to holding hands all the way to my house. After parking in the driveway, I was going to go around and help Rylen out of the car, but she beat me to it. As she stood up she pushed her skirt down and stepped out of it and then before I got to her, she had removed her top, standing there in just her heels on the side of my driveway.
"You look incredible," I told her before taking her in my arms and kissing her. As our kiss continued, her hand went to my hard cock, still trapped by the confines of my pants and underwear. As she started rubbing me, I let my hands roam over her tits and then moved one down and felt the smoothness of her bare pussy before lowering my hand a bit more. I could tell how aroused she was because her pussy was almost dripping it was so wet, and before she had my pants undone and zipper down, I had one finger then two in her pussy.
As I fingered her, she finally got my pants and underwear down past my thighs and gravity took them the rest of the way to the ground, where I kicked off my shoes and stepped out of my pants. She was already squirming from my ministrations on her cunt as I kept up rubbing her g-spot with two fingers and rubbing circles around her clit with my thumb. Her moaning was getting a lot louder, and I could tell from her pussy spasming around my fingers that she was having an orgasm and with a final yell of, "Oh my God, I'm cumming, oh please don't stop," as her whole body shuddered with pleasure.
She was still breathing hard as she pulled my shirt off over my head and then bent over the side of the car with her torso laying over the trunk and looked back and up at me and said, "Please fuck me. Fuck me like a cheap whore. Abuse my body, slam that gorgeous cock into me and just use me as a cum dump. I need to feel your cock in me and feel you cum in my pussy."
I did as she asked. I moved forward and grabbed my cock and ran it up and down the slit of her pussy, getting her juices on the tip of my cock. I'd move my cock in slightly so the head of my cock was almost in her and then slide it around, teasing her more and more.
"FUCK ME YOU BASTARD, PUT THAT COCK IN ME AND MAKE ME YOURS." She yelled, surprising me with her vehemence and passion.
I moved my cock, lining it up at the entrance to her pussy and with one stroke, I plunged all the way in her, slamming my crotch against hers.
"Aiiieeee," she screamed.
"Fuck that hurts so good. You feel huge in me, I've never felt so full, come on, fuck me."
Her pussy felt so warm and smooth, I really didn't want to move but I started fucking her as hard as I could, and each time I'd pull out almost all the way before bottoming out, each time the skin of our crotches would make a slapping sound as they collided.
"Oh, fuck, I'm coming again, feel that huge cock going into my bare, unprotected pussy, put our baby into me," she yelled.
That put me over the edge, and I could feel the cum boiling out of my balls and shooting harder than I ever had before, holding myself as far into her as I could.
When our breathing returned to normal and my cock had softened and slipped out of her, I stepped back, and she straightened and turned around and savaged my mouth with hers in a passionate kiss. When we finally broke the kiss, she turned to walk into the house and giggled a bit and said, "I wonder if we gave a good show to any of your neighbors."
It was at that point that I realized that we were still on the driveway with the garage door open and with the light from the opener giving some light in our direction. If anyone had walked past they would have witnessed their own porno show so we quickly picked our clothes up and ran into the garage. Fortunately it was after midnight and the neighborhood is usually pretty quiet after about nine.
We headed into the house as I closed the garage door and Rylen said, "would you mind giving me a tour of our home tomorrow, I just want to crawl into bed and go to sleep."
I loved the way she said, "Our home," and I led the way to the master suite and gave her a new toothbrush and since we'd already taken our clothes off in the garage, all she had to do was take her heels off and we crawled into bed where I cuddled behind her. We both said, "I love you," and I don't think it was more than a minute before she was fast asleep, and I followed a few seconds later.