Author's Note: The original manuscript of this story, along with many others, was lost over a year ago due to a computer problem. Some of our stories, including this one, have been recovered so we might be posting some of the chapters to unfinished stories. Since it's been eighteen months since the initial chapters were posted on Literotica, we highly encourage you to go back and read the first 4 chapters of this story so you know what's going on between Alison and Brett in this chapter.
########################
I have to say that peering between my naked little sister's legs and seeing the thin, pink membrane of her intact hymen guarding the entrance to her vagina was both a reflective and thought provoking event.
The honest truth is that this wonder...... this miracle of nature that girls are blessed with.... their 'Cherries', can never be adequately honored and understood by boys and men. I'm now convinced of that.
I have to admit that guys spend much of our lives, from puberty to old age, with one goal in mind: trying to get inside a girl's panties. I don't think that's too hard for anyone agree with. Once the blood shifts from our big head to our little head, the only thing we want is our own selfish sexual gratification.
I'm not trying to put all males in that category, however, there's a huge percentage where I think guys could care less about a girl's feelings, and are more than willing to cheat, lie and manipulate for the sole reason of sex. If you think that's bullshit, just ask any woman. Ask her how many times guys will look at their breasts. Ask her how many times guys make suggestive comments. Ask her how many times their boyfriends and husbands look at other women when they are out.
Let's face it, guys are pigs.
Said very honestly, it's the basic animal urge to mate that drives much of what we say and do, and I suppose most of that is deeply engrained in our male DNA. For the female, though, I think it's probably different.
I personally don't believe females think about sex as frequently as males do, and when they do, I believe they see themselves having sex, ideally, as part of being in a loving, romantic relationship. Even more so if she's a virgin. And if she's still got her cherry in place, then I personally think the act of sex should almost be treated like a sacred and blessed event when she chooses to lose it.
I don't mean to imply that the sex act for all virgins, male or female, shouldn't be a loving, warm experience with someone that can provide tenderness and genuine feeling. What I mean is..... if a guy is going to use his cock to break through the natural, living tissue of a girl's hymen, shouldn't there be some tenderness and love involved? Shouldn't the guy make a special effort to understand her emotional needs? How she's dreamed about it happening? How she wants to feel before, during and after?
An old girlfriend once told me she'd spent years developing her vision of the how she wanted it to be during her first time having sex. She said she started thinking about it when she was twelve years old and had four full years to theorize, fantasize and plan for it. And, when she finally gave it up when she was sixteen, she cried after it was over - mainly because the way it happened was nothing like the way she had dreamt it would be.
I remember when I lost my own virginity, and honestly, I'd just assume forget it. She and I were both in high school, out in my father's car for the Senior Prom. I wasn't in love with her, and I'm absolutely sure she wasn't in love with me. In fact, the only reason I took her to the prom was because my friend told me his girlfriend told him that this girl didn't have a date, and I could probably get laid because she was "easy". When we got to the prom, we danced a few dances and she asked if I was ready to leave.
We drove out to the lake and as soon as I shut the car off, she was leaning over into my lap and unbuckling my belt. We were in the back seat in a matter of minutes, and she had her dress pulled up and her panties off before I could blink. Sadly, two minutes later, it was all over.
As she was reaching for her panties to put back on, she asked me if I could drop her off at her friend's house, so I said I would. We didn't say a word the whole way to her friend's house, and for a solid week, I tried to convince myself I'd had a good time that night.
The truth was, I didn't enjoy it at all. I probably would have had more pleasure jerking myself off. The car was dark and there no lights at the lake. I didn't get a chance to see her breasts, or admire her delicate, feminine body. I never got the pleasure of feeling her warm lips pressing against me and kissing her back. I was cheated out of undressing her, holding her in my arms and feeling the silkiness of her creamy skin against mine. She literally reached up under her dress, pulled her panties off and pulled her legs up. I couldn't even stretch out all the way on top of her because the damn car was so small.
The bottom line was neither one of us knew what the hell we were doing. Although I could legally say I wasn't a virgin anymore, the two minute act of pushing and grunting against her seemed more like something I'd heard about, rather than something I'd remember and cherish for the rest of my life.
And, I sure as hell didn't want my little sister's first time to be two minutes of pushing and grunting, either.
After looking between my little sisters legs and actually seeing the miracle of Alison's hymen inside her vagina, my whole outlook changed on deflowering her, and my plan had to change, too. Not that I didn't want to do it – that's not the case at all. I did want to do it, for three big reasons:
1) She was on the hunt to find someone to take her cherry. She was bound and determined to get a penis inside of her. Had I not been the one to intercede, who knows what would have happened. Would they treat her tenderly? Would they treat her with respect? Would she be safe?
2) I loved Alison, and I really mean that. I didn't want her first time to be like mine. I wanted her to experience tenderness and love, if for no other reason than because she'd find out soon enough there were plenty of guys that just wanted to poke her.
The last reason I wanted to be the one to taker her virginity will probably seem foolish, but, honestly, I knew I could give her closer to a richly rewarding experience than anyone else could. Perhaps that's shameful for me to think, but, when I added it up in my head it made total sense. In her own words, she told me she had an undeniable and inevitable destiny to be a sexually submissive female. When she used those words, "Undeniable" and "Inevitable", I got the definite impression she'd really thought it through and knew what she was saying.
And if it was really true, if she was hell-bent on being submissive, I surely wouldn't want to trust her future and her happiness to just anyone. I was sure I could do it for her. And if I did, the love I could show her might make it easier for her. Her satisfaction as a submissive would be more profound and more complete if I was her first lover.
She'd know that I was the first man for whom she spread her legs. She'd know I was the first man to put a cock in her pussy. She'd know I was the first man to use her body as a woman's body. And, she'd know I was the first man to truly love her.
I knew if she was really submissive, these 'Firsts' would rank high on her list when it came to loyalty and trust. And yes, I really loved my little sister very much and I wanted her first time to be meaningful to her, but, if I could make it into a rewarding experience for her as a female, that would be the most optimum choice and would cement her dedication to me.
When I looked at her hymen, I kept telling myself how small she was down there. Without even considering the fact that she had her cherry, Alison still had the smallest set of lips and vaginal opening I'd ever seen. And now, I was faced with the fact that no matter how slow I went, or how gentle I was, she would probably cry out directly to heaven because she was in so much pain. I just knew there would be no way to gently deflower her. The size of my cock and the size of her pussy created the recipe for disaster - I was going to be ripping the living daylights out of my little sister's pussy. I had visions of her bleeding for hours and being incredibly sore for days – all because of me.
I'm glad I'd already convinced her to put off the wild, hot and heavy fucking she said she wanted from me to a later time. There was no way I could just shove it in her and fuck her with wild abandon like she wanted me to. Maybe she thought she wanted it to be like that because of the nasty DVDs she'd been watching. But, I knew it would be too painful for her tender petite body, and that was something I could never be a part of – hurting her. She was my little sister, and I loved her too much to hurt her like that.
So, as she hovered above my head, trying to catch her breath from the orgasm I'd just given her by licking her tiny pussy and sucking her clitoral bud while she sat on my face, I came up with another plan. Instead of making love to her, I'd let her make love to me – at her own speed and at her own pace, letting her control everything. I'd watch her face for the first signs of pain, and if I detected even the slightest bit of hesitation from her, I'd slow her down and make her take it even slower.
And as I lie there under her quivering pelvis devising my plan, I looked up - directly into her pussy to get one more at her pristine, virginal sex and her cherry that I would eventually break. She was wet beyond belief and as she held herself above me, still panting and trying to fill her lungs with air, I realized what an honor it was going to be – what a privilege it was to be her first lover, and I swore to myself I would make it unforgettable, tender and as pleasurable for her as I could.
Gently, I reached up and placed my hands on her thighs as they straddled my head. "Alison," I said softly, "lift your leg so I can get up, and then I want you to lie down so you can rest next to me."
Without saying a word, she lifted her leg and I slid off the bed and let her stretch out. The little breasts on her chest were rising and falling so quickly, I knew she was exhausted. She'd already had several orgasms in the last few hours, but this last one was so strong, it made her tremble, shaking her body from head to toe.
When she got comfortable, I laid down beside her and brushed the hair out of her cute face. "Listen to me for a second." I said, softly whispering to her as I reached behind her head to loosen the blindfold she was wearing. "I'm going to take the blindfold off you now, but, I want you to keep your eyes closed for a few minutes until your eyes adjust to the light."
"Okay." Alison answered. "I just want to catch my breath for a minute if that's alright."
"No problem." I replied. "Take your time."
Lying there next to this beautiful girl, my little sister, I was suddenly overwhelmed with emotion. It wasn't the excitement created because we were both naked, or that I'd stripped her, touched her, felt her, licked her and tasted her. It was because I loved her. And before I knew it, I snuggled up next to her and wrapped my arms around her, kissing her lightly on her neck and shoulders as she rested next to me. Within a few seconds, she seemed to come back to life and when I finally reached up and kissed her lips, Alison's mouth opened and she greeted me with a passionate kiss, the likes of which I'll probably remember until the day I die.
We probably kissed for two or three minutes before my little sister tried to open her eyes. I put the blindfold on her at least two hours ago – maybe more, and I knew the initial shock of the lights in the room might be very shocking and uncomfortable.
"Come here." I said, rolling her tiny frame on top of me. "Just rest."
Just then, her eyes popped open and her head shot up. "I can feel it." She exclaimed. "Your..... uh...."
"Cock." I said, finishing her sentence. "Say it." I told her. "That's my cock between your legs."
I felt her wiggle against, feeling my hardness no more than a few inches from the entrance to her virgin hole.
"Your cock." She giggled. "I can feel it, Brett. It feels so hard."
I wrapped my hands around her head and pulled her down to my shoulder and gently held her there as I looked down into her eyes. "I want you to listen to me for a few minutes." I began. "There's a few things I have to say."
She nodded her head and when she did, I reached down under her armpits and pulled her up my body so our faces were right in front of each other. This brought my rod much closer to her vagina, almost to the point where my cock head could nudge against her pussy lips.
"First," I said, "don't move. My cock is really close to your pussy. If you slip down much, I might start to go inside you and I don't want that to happen yet."
She smiled as she looked down at me, her hair almost hanging in my face, and she nodded her head.
"Second," I continued, "if we're going to make love, then we're going to do it right and we're going to make real love. It's going to be soft, and gentle, Alison. There's going to be a lot of kissing, cuddling and touching. It's going to be more than sex – it's going to be warm and meaningful, and it's going to be something we're both going to remember."
I could see Alison's eyes begin to sparkle and she started to grin when she realized the moment she'd been waiting for would soon come.
"Third," I added, "I want your first time to be sweet and wonderful for you. So, until we're done, I want you to forget about being submissive. Forget about what you saw on those DVDs, forget about being my sister, and forget about me being your brother. I love you more than anyone else in the world, Alison, so I want you to see me as your lover – someone who wants to make love with you, and someone that really wants this to mean something to you."
Alison's eyes began to water as I spoke, and she was looking down at me with a solemn expression on her face as a lone tear ran down her cheek. I was about to say something else, but, as I started to speak, she lowered her lips to mine and kissed me ever so tenderly, closing her eyes and sighing as our lips met. I felt her take a deep breath as we kissed, our lips barely touching, and instinctively, I wrapped my arms around my little sister and pulled her to me, crushing her chest against mine. At that exact instant I felt Alison's body melt into mine and her mouth came alive. Her kiss became urgent and hot and before I knew it, we were covering each other's face with little kisses and panting into each other's mouths.
I'm not sure how long we kissed, but when she lifted her head and looked down at me, I could see tears on both sides of her face. I reached up to brush a tear away from her cheek, but when I did, she reached up to grab my hand, brought it to her mouth and kissed it repeatedly.
"Brett," she moaned as she sniffed back her tears, "I want this so much. I can feel how much you love me, and it means everything to me that you feel that way. I want you to make love to me, but, please," she sighed as she took a breath, "you have to understand I have this incredible desire to give myself completely to a strong man. It would make me the happiest person in the world if that man were to be you."
"And it will be me." I replied. "But, not at first. Not until we make love as equals... as lovers. Then after that, I will own you, Allison. You will willingly give me your heart, body and devotion because you know I love you."
I assured her I completely understood. Her undeniable desire and thirst to be submissive was clear, and the words she'd used with me earlier left no mistake as to what she wanted and needed from me. There was no real mystery; she wanted to be fucked. She was on a mission to be fucked – and to be owned. But, I knew in my heart I had to make her feel loved and cherished before she could be totally at ease being completely submissive to me.
Alison tears began to flow and she smiled and giggled as she leaned down to kiss me again. "Okay, lover." She whispered to me. "Make love to me. Make me a woman and then I'll be your slut."
"One last thing." I said. Then taking a deep breath, I looked up into my little sister's eyes and spoke.
"You're really small down there, Alison." I said. "And it's not just because you're a virgin. Your vagina is smaller than any other woman I've ever been with, and I'm worried you're not going to be comfortable at all when we make love the first time. It's probably going to hurt. Are you ready for that?"
"Brett," she said, interrupting me, "it'll be fine. Just do it. Please don't make me wait any longer."
"Let me finish, please." I answered. "We're gonna do it, but, I'm going to let you be on top the first time. That way," I added, "you can control how fast and how deep I'm inside you. We'll start out slow and then as you feel me going in you, you can start and stop or adjust yourself to make it easier."
"But, after that....." Alison replied, "after the first time, you'll fuck me? With me on my back and my legs pulled way up? You'll really fuck me? Hard? Really pound me?"
"Yes." I chuckled. "After you lose your cherry, I'll get up on top of you and fuck you hard. I might even flip you over and take you from behind, doggy style."
"Oh, Brett." Alison sighed. "Could we do that? Really? From behind?"
"I told you before I would help you be a good submissive." I answered. "And that means pleasing me anyway I want to have you. Even your ass."
"I love hearing you say that." Alison replied as she smiled. Then, without even taking a breath, she asked, "Can I see it now? Your cock?"
I chuckled at her enthusiasm. "Yes. You can see it now."
Alison bolted up from where she was lying and sat up on top of me. Then scooting back to where she was sitting on my thighs, she eagerly looked down and smiled.
The look on her face was like a kid in a toy store. My hard cock was right there – all she had to do was reach down and touch it, and that's exactly what she did. Her eyes lit up and this look of total wonder came across her face as she reached down to put her hands on my hardened cock.
Wrapping her tiny hands around my shaft, she looked up at me and giggled. "It's big." She said softly. "It felt big in my mouth when I sucked it, but, seeing it now...... it's bigger than I thought it was."
"And it's so hard." She sighed. "Soft on the outside but really hard on the inside."
Alison gripped her hands around my shaft, squeezed my member and looked up at me. "Does that hurt?" She asked.
"No. Not at all." I replied.
She increased her grip and looked up at me. "Now?" She asked. "Does that hurt?"
"No." I answered.
Alison gripped even harder. I felt pressure, but, it didn't hurt. "How about now?" Alison asked.
"No." I answered, chuckling at her.
Then, as if she got a brainstorm, she giggled and started stroking me, looking up at me from time to time as she did it. "I like the way it feels." She said, as she started stroking me faster.
"Better not do that too much." I warned. "If you make me cum again, it's gonna take me that much longer to get hard."
"Oh!" She said, releasing my cock and pulling her hands back. "I don't want that. But," she added, "I do want to play with it some more after we make love. Is that okay?"
"You bet." I said, smiling. "I'm going to teach you everything you need to know, little sister. You're going to be trained to suck me just the way I like it, jack me off and pretty soon, you'll be my little sex kitten."
"Your slut." She said, quietly, perhaps correcting me. "I want you to make me be your slut. Force me if have to, Brett."
"I won't have to force you to do anything." I replied. "You'll do what ever I ask because you know I love you. Isn't that right?"
"And you'll make me do nasty things?" She asked, with a hopeful look on her face. "I mean really, really nasty things? You promise?"
"I sure will and you'll do it because you want to please me." I answered. "But, if there's something special you're thinking about - something you want to do, all you have to do is ask me and I'll consider it."
"I can think of a few things already." Alison said, blushing.
"That's good, because I want to know everything that turns you on, and I promise I'll be good to you in return as long as you do as I ask without questioning me and without delay. Can you do that?"
Alison reached out and put both her hands on my hardened cock and looked up at me. "I will." She replied. "But, mostly, I just want you to rule over me with this."
"I don't want to have to think or make decisions, Brett." Alison added. "I want you to do the thinking, and I want you to make the decisions. I will do the obeying..... that's what I want."
As I lie there, I knew we were so close to the point where she would graduate from simply being my little sister to being my devoted sub. I knew the instant my cock pushed through the little pink membrane just inside her vagina, there were new responsibilities that and I had to accept. Responsibilities like preserving her previous innocence and documenting the commencement of her submission. And, lying there I got a brainstorm of epic proportion that I had to take action on.
"Alison, there's something I want you to do for me." I said. "Actually, I expect you to do it. But, I don't want you to get the wrong idea."
I explained to Allison that soon she was going to be changed in such a fundamental way, she would never be able to return to her previous innocent state. Once she sat down on my penis and it obliterated her hymen, there would be no going back. There would be no proof of her previous innocence, and no proof of her virginity.
Except perhaps, if we had pictures.
"I want to get my digital camera and take some pictures of you before I take your girlhood. I'm talking about completely naked pictures, Allison, including close-ups of your vagina while you hold it open for me."
The expression on Alison's face went totally blank.
"Face shots, too." I continued. "I can understand this might be hard for you to do, but, I expect you to do it for me. I've already made the decision that you will."
I told Alison I shouldn't have to explain my decisions to her, and in the future, I wouldn't feel obligated to give her reasons. But, in this case, I was going to tell her why because I wanted her to see how much I cared for her.
Reaching out to hold her hands in mine, I told her there might come a time where she would question my love. She might even question her trust in me, along with her devotion and complete submission.
"When that time comes," I continued, "I'll pull out these pictures and we'll look at them together. Perhaps they'll remind you of what you've felt today, and what we've already shared. Maybe it will remind you of how much I love you and how much I cared about your feelings."
"Most of all," I added, "seeing actual pictures of the gift you are giving me, and, the way I've honored you might make you recall how you feel right now. Can you understand that?"
Alison looked deeply into my eyes and squeezed my hands. Then letting them go, she placed both of her hands between her tiny breasts and pressed them against her chest.
"Brett, I can already feel how much you love me." Alison said, softly. "Right here...... right inside my heart, and I would do anything for you. Just the fact that you are willing to grant my wish and take my virginity means more to me than you'll ever know. And, the fact that you cherish me so much that you want to help me remember this night, makes me love you even more. You can take as many pictures as you like. I trust you completely."
I heard the words my little sister said, but it was her body language that told me she meant every word that came out of her mouth. As she spoke, she sat up taller and she looked directly at me, without glancing away. She didn't blink or have to think about what she said, her words seemed to flow like they were being read from a love sonnet.
This was the most remarkable day of our lives. It was the beginning of a pairing; the start of a weave that would grow tighter and stronger as the days wore on and allow us to give each other what we so desperately needed.
Without another word between us, she smiled at me sweetly and gently pressed her naked body to mine. "I belong to you already." Alison whispered in my ear. "The act of taking me is just a formality now. I am truly and utterly yours, Brett. But, please don't make me wait much longer to feel you inside me. Please?"
I had to acknowledge her request, and I did, simply promising that she would feel me inside of her soon. But, first, I wanted to take the pictures.
It only took me a minute or two to get my camera and make sure I had enough memory space for the pictures I wanted. In my mind, I wanted to preserve her image in her pristine state – unblemished and pure. That meant close up pictures of her pussy and the miracle that lie within her, still intact but soon to be broken. As I stood in the middle of the room and prepared to take the pictures, I made a mental note to take pictures again once she was deflowered so I could show her how she transformed from a girl to a woman.
I first had Alison brush her hair and sit on the edge of the bed. Then walking right in front of her, I asked her to take my cock in her hands and put it to her lips. As she did, I started taking pictures. Of course, she began kissing my cock and I snapped away, taking picture after picture as she kissed and licked my member, occasionally looking up into the camera with her beautiful eyes.
Then, as she took me fully in her mouth, I took more pictures. I reached out with my left hand to stroke her hair as she sucked me, gently caressing the softness of her baby fine hair as she cooed softly. She pulled away from my cock for a moment and looked up at me with a demure smile on her face and blushed.
"I love sucking you." Alison said, softly. "Will you let me do it a lot?"
I laughed a little and told Alison that was a request she could count on me granting. She went back to sucking me and I took a few more pictures. "But be careful what you ask for, little sister." I warned. "I just might make you suck me when you least expect it. Like, when someone is watching."
Alison's eyes immediately looked up at me. I could see the surprise in her eyes, but she never pulled her mouth from my cock. I decided to test her a little further, telling her as my submissive she might be expected to let me undress her..... maybe even fuck her in front of someone else. When I said it, I could hear Alison taking deep breaths as her mouth sucked me.
"I might take you out wearing a see through shirt and a short skirt." I said to her. "You wouldn't be wearing a bra and everyone would see your cute little breasts."
She stopped sucking me for a few seconds and looked directly at me. "Are these promises you're giving me, or, are you just teasing me?" Alison answered. "It's not fair to say these things unless you mean it."
Picking up on her answer, I spent the next few minutes telling her I might strip her down to just her panties and let guys look at her. Or, that I might make her suck me in public. Or, how I might make her masturbate in front of my friends. Of course, I would probably never do that to my little sister, but, it was interesting to see the effect on her as I said those things. And, the effect was apparent in the way she was sucking me. The pressure of her grasp on my shaft got much firmer and the urgency of her mouth became more pronounced. I had to investigate this further.
"Would you like that?" I asked, calmly. "Would you like for me to expose you and show you off to strangers? To my friends?"
Without looking at me she quickly replied, saying, "I trust you Brett. I'd do anything you asked me to do."
"That's not what I asked." I answered. "I asked if you would like me to expose you. Just 'Yes' or 'No', Alison. Stop sucking and give me a straight answer."
Alison pulled back away from my cock and peered up at me. The blush on her face from before had come back, and as soon as I saw it, I knew I'd stumbled across something..... something she hadn't told me and something I didn't expect.
"Yes." My little sister answered. "I think I'd like to try that."
I guess it was easy to understand that Alison might have fantasies of being an exhibitionist. I had girlfriends in the past that would take liberties with the way they dressed..... give little innocent peeks and shows. And, honestly, I was sure I could keep my sister from doing anything stupid or risky.
"Alright, then." I said, pulling myself away from her mouth. "We'll talk about your exhibitionist fantasies and I'll see what I can do. In the mean time, being an exhibitionist ought to make taking these pictures easier."
I asked Alison to stand up and spread her feet apart. I knelt down in front of her, and then, putting my camera on the macro setting, I leaned in toward her crotch and started taking pictures. I need to be clear here – I filled the viewfinder with her hairless lips and started taking pictures. I shot from many angles and as I snapped away, Alison helped me out by spreading her feet some more, thrusting her hips forward, and eventually holding her pussy lips open for me while my digital camera did it's job.
Wrenching my head between her legs and looking up into her as she held her lips apart, I got some amazing pictures of the pinkness of her pussy. One picture clearly showed the thin, pink membrane of her hymen, and I got several pictures showing the incredible wetness my little sister was blessed with.
I had Alison lie down on the bed and pull her knees way up to her chest and took more pictures. The glistening lubrication from her vagina reflected the light from the room, offering a true testament to her ability to get wet, and when I asked her to open herself up again so I could get close ups of her maidenhead, she reached down and gathered her lips together and pulled them apart as far as she good, allowing me to shoot down past her inner lips, creating a picture of her dainty virginity that took my breath away.
Her cherry, itself, was for the most part, thin and translucent. There was a small hole in it and even though it was virtually thin and see through, I could see it was living, pink tissue. It's too bad it would be gone soon, because it was such a thrill to see and behold in front of me. I mean, right there – right in front of me, perhaps the most prized possession a girl could own, and the most valuable present she could ever give away.
I took many more pictures in the next few minutes, including pictures of her chest and face together. As I did that, I marveled at the precise perfectness of her breasts and nipples. The close ups I took of her nipples showed the textured bumps of her areolas and the very intricate detail of her nipples. These were the kind of pictures that would make any red-blooded man hot and horny.
My favorite pictures, though, were the ones we took with her on her hands and knees from behind. Say what you like, but, there's just something perfect and natural about a woman in that pose. The way her legs spread to see the puffiness of her mound and her anus peeking back at you is something to regard in the most admiring way. Yes, it's her pussy you can see, but, the position she was in spoke directly of sex. It's like she was screaming out to be mated – offering a straight open shot into her vagina for no other reason than to be fucked. Plus, there's the added benefit of seeing her anus there, tempting you to touch or kiss and lick. Or fuck.
Now before you snarl and say you'd never kiss or lick a woman's anus, I might bring to your attention that the average cell phone or keyboard has more harmful bacteria on it than a toilet seat. And I'm here to tell you without any reservation at all, that kissing and licking a clean anus is probably one of the most inspiring things you could do for your woman. Gentle breaths against her down there will send shivers up her spine and your tender caresses will relax her and open her up to experience the sensation of anal penetration. The thousands of nerve endings in that region respond quickly to temperature, touch and moisture faster than you would think possible, and as I looked as Alison so willingly on her hands and knees in front of me, I promised myself I would explore every inch of her body and discover every secret that could bring her pleasure.
If she was to become my submissive, I would take great joy in learning the secrets of her body and how to touch her in ways that would demonstrate my love and caring for her, and that included her ass.
I sat down next to Alison and showed her the pictures straight from the camera display. When I showed her the first close up picture I took of her hymen, she smiled and took the camera from my hand and stared at the image. Looking up at me, her eyes grew big and she was speechless. I showed her several more, including the one with her on her back tugging her lips open as far as she could. In that picture she could easily see the delicate barrier which she would give to me before too much longer. We went through the rest of the images and I could tell she was somewhat embarrassed at the pictures of her small breasts.
That seemed curiously odd to me, since I'd think close up pictures of her vagina would be the ones that caused any woman embarrassment. But, for Alison, it was the images of her tiny breasts that caused her shame.
"From now on," I said to her, "I want you to look for ways to expose your breasts to me. With Mom and Dad here, I know that will be difficult, but, I have to break you of this inadequate feeling you have about your breasts."
"They're cute and I like looking at them." I added. "So from now on, no more thick, padded bras. No more hiding them. Understand?"
She nodded her head, and as she did, I made an important decision and shared it with her.
"I want you to think about what I'm getting ready to say, Alison." I told her. "It has benefits, implications and consequences. You'd be best to think about it and sleep on it before you say anything, and, in fact, I don't want to even discuss it for at least two days. Agreed?"
I could see she was confused and had no idea what I was eluding to, but that was fine. She'd understand in a few moments.
I told her I was considering moving out into my own place. I'd been saving my money from my paycheck, and since I felt like I'd completed my obligation when Mom and Dad asked me to move back home and help out with her, it was time for me to go. And, at twenty eight years old, I needed a place of my own.
Alison's face went stone cold as she stared at me.
"Here's the deal." I said. "I'll wait until your graduation comes, and if you're still interested in being submissive, you can move in with me."
I told her she would have to juggle multiple roles if she decided to join me. First, she'd be my submissive, and my lover – and I would put her above all other women in my life. She would sleep with me and would have to balance her roles as sister, lover, submissive and slut to my satisfaction. I warned her I would have expectations on her conduct, her wardrobe and I would expect obedience.
As I spoke, she listened and paid attention to what I said. "You'd have to get rid of the gothic look right away, Alison. You'll have to go back to your real hair color and drop all the scary, dark makeup. You'll have to ditch any of your friends that are into any of that gothic bullshit and you have to get all your grades up to at least a "B" average by the time you graduate. If you can do all that, you can move in with me."
We looked at each other for a few seconds and Alison broke into a sweet smile and then a huge grin. "Thank you." Alison giggled. "I don't need any time to think about it. I can do all that. And, I'd do anything to have you and keep you, Brett. I'm over eighteen, though. You know we could move out tomorrow?"
"Mom and Dad would never allow that, Alison." I replied. "After you graduate, and if you do all those things I said.... then, we'll see."
She smiled at me and said, "Sure, I understand." Then she paused for a minute and asked me a question. "Can I ask you to do me a favor before we make love?"
I nodded at her as I reached out to cup one of her tiny breasts in my hand.
Alison shifted from where she was on the bed, and got up. She stood next to the bed and looked down at me. Saying nothing, she raised her left hand to her right breast and touched her nipple. I watched, curiously, as she played with that nipple, touching it and pinching it lightly. Then as I watched her, right hand moved between her legs and she touched her hairless slit, just barely.
Propping myself up on my elbow as I lie on the bed, I watched my little sister and saw her do something that was so amazingly beautiful, I was frozen in rapture watching her.
"Can you watch me?" She whispered. "This is something I've dreamed about.... having someone look at me while I play with myself. I've just.... uh... never had the courage to do it. And, this seems like the perfect time. Is that okay?"
"By all means." I answered. And with that, I watched my little sister blush and then treat me to the one of the most intimate exposes imaginable – I watched her masturbate.
Alison stepped up right next to the edge of the bed and shuffled her feet to where they were probably two feet apart. She was already close to me, but, I scooted myself to the edge of the bed so I could get as close as possible to her nubile body. Fluffing the pillow up and making myself comfortable, I settled in to watch.
The fingers on her left hand began slowing plucking her nipple on her tiny breast, like she was pinching soft bread dough onto a cookie sheet. She was teasing herself, lightly, and running her fingers around her puffy nipple, stopping every now and then to rub across the sensitive tips. Her other hand was almost motionless as she used one, lone finger to trace up and down the slit between her labia majora.
It looked a little awkward to me, but, when I remembered her hymen would block her finger from entering her vagina, it made total sense, and as I watched her finger go up and down her slit she pulled her right foot up and set it on the edge of the bed. This stance opened her lips up enough so I could see the bud of her clitoris poking out at the top of her slit.
As she touched herself, I began to hear the crinkly sound of wet pussy lips being fondled. That sound was followed by a sheen of new moisture that began to spread to her finger and shortly after that, to her lips. She spread it out using her finger tips until her whole mound was glistening with her juice and then she looked down at me.
"Can you see well enough?" Alison asked. "I want you to see everything."
I told her the view I had was perfect and to prove it, I reached down and started stroking my already hard cock.
"Oh no, Big Brother." Alison said. "That's for me, remember? You're just supposed to be watching. Okay?"
I let go of my cock and trained my eyes back at her pussy just in time to see her bend her knees a little and reach deeply between her legs and gently place two fingers at the entrance of her pussy. She gave me a grin as she moved her fingers around her opening, covering both of them with the fresh juice that was flowing out of her and then smoothly removed her fingers and moved them up to her mouth.
She made a point to seductively extend her tongue and lick the juice from one finger and then the other one. Immediately, her hand dropped back to her pussy and she got her fingers wet again, but instead of licking them off herself, she extended her hand to me, offering her juice coated fingers to my mouth.
I only had to lean forward a little bit to capture her fingers between my lips, and when I did, I found the juices on her fingers were just as thick and slippery as the juices I sucked directly from her vagina when she sat on my face earlier. I savored her taste and the way her fingers felt in my mouth until she pulled them out and put them between her legs again.
This time, though, she went directly for her clit, using one finger to rub under her little bud as she looked down at me. I could smell her now, and that smell along with the sounds of her finger moving around inside her wet lips was so sensual, my cock was throbbing and I was beginning to worry that I might be tempted to reach down and stroke myself before too much longer.
A glance up to Alison's face told me she might be getting close because her cheeks were pink, her eyes were fixed and staring down at me and she was breathing very shallow. Her finger was circling her clitoris and jutting down between her lips to get more lubrication to fuel her movements. Back and forth she went, down her slit and then back up to her clit where rubbed it lightly and then applied more pressure, repeating the process over and over again.
"Oh." Alison moaned; her eyes were closed and her chest was moving in and out quickly. She was making little sounds – moaning and sighing in time with her fingers. Her hand was drenched now, literally covered from finger tips to wrist with the slippery juice that seemed to be flowing from her vagina.
Then suddenly, she stopped and her shoulders shook and her fingers froze in place hovering above her clit with her finger tip still extended, just a fraction of an inch away from her clit. She was climaxing as she stood there; I was witnessing the finale of her masturbation – not more than a foot in front of me.
I watched for several more minutes while she relaxed her muscles and caught her breath before she opened her eyes and looked down at me.
"That's another thing I'd like you to do for me everyday." I said, smiling up at her. "I'll take you somewhere in the house and strip you naked, or, maybe we'll go somewhere in the car. I'd want you to stand in front of me, wherever we were, and touch yourself until you cum."
"I'd like that, Brett." Alison moaned. "I'd like that very much."
Then I reached up for her hand and asked her if she was ready to get on top of me. "It's time, Alison. I can't wait any longer, and I've put you off long enough. It's time for you to finally get your wish.... to feel a cock inside your pussy."
To be continued......