Sue called me and asked about coming over and grabbing a pizza, so I said sure, whatever. She arrived about 30 minutes later, and I let her in. We haggled about what we wanted on the pizza, and I called and ordered it for delivery.
She was wearing jeans and a T-shirt, and I told her I thought she was over dressed. Sue took her sneakers off, and I watched her. I didn't say anything, so she took off her socks. I still didn't say anything, so she took off her jeans, and she was wearing tight white lacy boy shorts underneath them. I could make out her red pubic hair though the thin lacy material. I just looked at her, and she took off her T-shirt, wearing a thin white sports bra type of thing underneath. I motioned for her to take that off too, and she was pulling that off when the knock came on the door. I smiled and gave her a twenty.
She sighed resignedly and took it from me, heading for the door. I wandered along behind her so I could watch what happened. I said "Oh, and I want change, and act like this is perfectly normal."
She stood there in just her boy shorts, took a deep breath and opened the door. The guy standing there with the pizza box almost dropped it when the door opened and there was an almost naked girl. She bent down, so her tits dangled, and caught the edge of the box, taking it from him. She handed him the money, and smiled as he slowly counted out the change in her hand, not taking his eyes off her tits. She thanked him and closed the door, turning towards me with the pizza.
"No tip?" I said.
She said "But you wanted change!"
"Right, but I want to tip, or they won't want to come here again." I smirked at this. I knew I was going to get excellent service once word of the almost naked girl answering the door got out.
"Seriously?" she whined.
"Yes, quick, or you'll miss him."
She opened the door and ran down the stairs, trying to hold her tits from flapping, calling out "excuse me!"
I wandered over to the window, and watched her catch him outside, just as he was getting in to his car and giving him a tip. She was covering her chest with her arm, but I think we can let that go.
I heard her running up the stairs, and quietly closed the door. She ran up to it, expecting it to be open, and started banging on the door, insistently. I sighed and went and opened the door, letting her in as Andy, my neighbor across the hallway opened his door.
"Sorry for the noise," I said, and he grinned at me. We both closed our doors behind us, heading back inside.
"Where were we?" I asked.
"What?" she said.
"Before the pizza was delivered," I said, "oh, right, you were over dressed."
She pulled her boy shorts down, stepping out of them, and sitting on the floor by my coffee table where I'd put the pizza box.
We sat and ate pizza, and talked about this and that. She'd had an argument with her boyfriend (I didn't ask about what), and wanted to have a few drinks and stay the night.
"I don't have any wine," I said. "We could go and get some."
We finished the pizza, and she pulled on her boy shorts. She reached for her jeans, and I said "no, it's a nice night, you don't need those."
She picked up her bra, and put that on, picking up her T-shirt. "Also no," I said.
"Can I at least wear my sneakers so I don't hurt my feet?" she asked.
"Sure, I'll even let you wear socks," I said.
So, we were ready, me dressed, her in her underwear. If you didn't look too hard, she looked like she might be coming from the gym or a yoga studio or something. Off we went to get a bottle of wine at the 7-11. She was incredibly jumpy, but it was a quiet night out. The few people we passed stared at us. Well, at her. Once we got to the 7-11, I left her to find a bottle of wine and went and picked up some chips. We met by the register, where an older guy was staring at her.
"After you," I said, motioning for her to go first. She put the bottle of wine of the counter, then turned to look at me.
"$7.95," said the guy at the register.
I looked at her. She looked at me.
"I don't have any money," she said.
"Well that sucks," I said, moving her bottle of wine aside and putting my chips on the counter.
"$2.99," said the guy at the register. I paid him, and took the chips and put them in a bag.
"Can you buy me the wine?" she asked.
"Why would I do that?" I asked her back.
"I'll make it worth your while," she said.
"What are you suggesting?" I asked.
"When we get back to your place..." she drifted off.
"But we're here, now. What will you do here, now, for me?" I asked.
The guy at the register was suddenly very interested in our conversation.
"I'll let you rub my tits?" she said.
"I don't know that that sounds like $7," I said.
"And 95 cents," said the guy at the register.
"And 95 cents," I said. "How about you," I asked the guy, "would you pay $7.95 to rub her tits?"
"Yes," he said.
"No!" said Sue. "OK, I'll let you kiss my tits."
"OK," I said, and paid the guy. I picked up the bottle of wine and put it in my bag, standing there while she started for the door.
"I said here, now," I said. She slumped a little, then came back over to me. I stroked her tits, kneading them gently, giving her massive cleavage by pressing them together, and tweaking her nipples until they were hard and sticking out noticeably.
"Take your top off," I said.
"I don't want to," she said.
"OK, I'll suck them through your top, and it'll be wet and see through all the way home," I said.
"Can't we do this at your place?"
"I said here, now, and you agreed," I said.
"You did," said the guy at the register. I'm glad somebody was paying attention other than me.
She sighed and pulled her bra up, letting her tits pop out. I lifted it over her head and took it from her. Her tits looked bigger, hanging there, free, in 7-11. The guy behind the checkout leered at her, and even licked his lips.
"And pull down the bottoms," I said, "or you'll never learn."
"No!" she said.
"The bottoms, or I'll give your bra to this nice gentleman right now, and you can walk home topless, by yourself," I said.
She tried to step behind a counter where she couldn't be seen by the guy behind the register, or anybody coming in the door.
"Here, now," I said.
She quickly slid her boy shorts down her legs to her knees, briefly showing us her red pubic hair, and stood up straight, covering her chest with her arm and her pussy with her hand.
"Put your hands on your head, shoulders back," I said, "you have a great body. Doesn't she have a great body?" I asked the guy behind the register.
"She does," he agreed, nodding.
She put her hands on her head and pulled her shoulders back, making her tits jut out further, and closed her eyes. I stepped forward, and took one nipple, and then the other in my mouth, marveling at how hard they felt. She moaned, just a little. I reached down and ran my finger through her slit, and she moaned a little louder. It came away wet with her juices, and I put it in her mouth so she could suck it clean.
"There you go," I said softly. "Shall we go now?"
She yanked her shorts up, and grabbed her bra from me, pulling it on roughly. I reached over and tucked her tits in neatly. I bid the guy at the register a good evening, and I opened the door and we started the walk home.
We hadn't got very far when she stopped walking. I stopped and stepped back to her.
"Can you suck my tits through my bra, so it'll be see through like you said?" she asked, quietly.
"Really?"
"Yes," she said, "you said that and I can't stop thinking about it."
I got my mouth all wet, and sucked one, then the other nipple, they were still hard, but now their pink outline could be seen through her top, too.
"I also said about you walking home topless, by yourself," I said, with a grin.
"I'm not there yet," she said, putting her arm through mine.
We passed a few people on the way back, a couple of them making rude comments. I did suggest we stop at a bar for a drink, but she said she wasn't feeling up to that at the moment.
When we turned on to my road, she stopped again. I stopped with her. She took a deep breath, then took off her bra and handed it to me.
"By myself," she said, and started walking.
I followed along behind her, it was only 150' or so, and there was nobody about. I caught up to her as she got to the door to the building, and put my hand on it to stop her opening it. It's a dark alcove there, as the light's been broken for a couple of years, but we never get around to fixing it.
I gave her a big kiss, and said "Bottoms."
She said "why?"
I pointed out that she'd run naked up a flight of stairs before, so this was like that, just a little bit further.
She hugged me. "OK," she said, and pulled her boy shorts down, stepping out of them carefully so as not to rip them with her sneakers. She went for the door handle, but I was still holding it shut. I pushed myself against her, and the door, and we kissed passionately. She put her arms around me, and held me tight. She reached down and pulled at the buttons for my jeans, and I let her fish my dick out. She lifted herself up on her toes, I bent my knees slightly, and she put my dick in her, lifting herself up and down on it. I fucked her up against the wall until we came. I went to use her underwear to wipe myself clean, but she said "No," and knelt down and cleaned me with her mouth as my cum dripped out of her onto the concrete step.
She stood up, and was a mess, hair everywhere, what little makeup she was wearing all smudged, cum oozing down her thighs, wearing just her sneakers and socks. She looked perfect. I opened the door and the lights came on in the hallway, and she walked up the stairs just in front of me, swinging her hips. We stood by the door as I fiddled with my keys, then I opened the door and let her in. I threw a grin at Andy's door in case he was watching through the peep hole, and followed her in.