I hope Mark reads this. I can't think of another way to get in contact. It's been twenty-two years, and while my life has been good on all accounts, it's hard not knowing what happened to the people who shared a very crucial part of my life. Please don't think of me as a mousy little thing sighing over loves lost, because I am not. I'm a very good wife and mother, and a darn good corporate attorney. Can't a person be allowed a little wistfulness when life slams disparate people together, and then rips them away from each other after they've formed a bond?
Twenty-two years ago my mother walked into my bedroom and discovered us on the receiving end of a vibrating dildo being deftly manipulated by my very naked girlfriend. It was youthful experimentation. All it did was convince me that I resided deep in the heterosexual camp.
Once I got my girlfriend bundled out of the house, my next task was to convince my very Christian parents that I was not gay. I lived in the South when being gay was only slightly better than being an ax murderer. My older brother had come out to them a year before as being gay, and now that I think about it, I guess I can understand how they reacted. I'm sure that my mother was convinced that there would be no grandchildren if something wasn't done quickly.
They listened to me carefully, said they would talk to our pastor about it, and pray on it. After school was over, they promised a family vacation in the Lesser Antilles to let us regroup as a family before my senior year.
We packed our bags in late June and flew into an island with a posh resort. Early the next morning, they promised me a day-trip to a very exclusive island. When we got off the tiny commuter jet, a man holding a sign with our family name greeted us and bundled us into a golf cart. When they dropped me off at the gate of what looked like a minimum security prison, I discovered that I would spend my summer at a gay deprogramming camp.
I remembered little about the first day beyond watching my parents wave, then drive away leaving me to be prodded through the gate into an experience that few would have. Neither they or I realized the profound changes they had set in play for me or for my relationship with them. That realization would come much later.
Strangers in lab jackets and nurses uniforms ran me through lots of tests despite my tearful protests that I was not gay. I hated the personality test that asked all sorts of weird questions that I cared nothing about. I circled the answers without reading the questions and still the results came back that I hated my parents, duh. There was an I.Q. test, and finally a test that assessed my commitment to the "homosexual lifestyle". I answered them all without bothering to read the questions.
I broke down at lunch sitting in the sunny cafeteria room looking at the people around me who looked as lost and as hopeless as me. Silent tears welled and ran down my face. At first I hid my embarrassment then I noticed that everyone had eyes as sad as mine. Every one of us been tried, convicted and sentenced. Now we must serve our term alone and afraid. I was lost, befuddled, and deeply offended that no one, not even my parents, believed me.
The afternoon brought more testing, and a physical. Dinner was as lonely as lunch had been. The only difference was that I was hungry since I had eaten no lunch, and I was all cried out. After dinner, a matron led me to the office of a psychologist who scanned my test results. I hated that pencil necked geek. First of all the room stank of whiskey and sweat. I knew that smell well because of my no account uncle who used to visit us for the holidays. He had the squinty eyed, hunkered down look of a man who had been on a bender the night before. He spent ten minutes ignoring me before he looked up from my test results with the same compassion one might give a cockroach.
I used the time to look around his beige on beige office. His degree in psychology hung on the wall behind him along with a cross. I expected that. What I found interesting was the pristine Bible sitting on his desk next to the facial tissues. It had never been opened. I could tell because there was no crinkled leather running down the center of the book's spine. It was there as a prop.
How much more of this was sham and pretense?
"We can save you from a life as a homosexual," he closed my file. "I think we've caught this tendency of yours before it has settled into a lifestyle choice."
I said nothing. Why bother? My parents had labeled me as gay and now this camp would exorcise that unclean spirit from me. I winced. My pastor had preached long and hard about the homosexual life style and how it was subverting American ideals. I pictured myself kneeling in prayer twelve hours a day as religious zealots beat me with sticks until I promised before God and the Bible that I would never look upon a woman with lust in my heart.
He looked at my results again. "Your testing shows that you're not very religious."
I nodded. "It's true. I'm not gay either. So why don't you send me home?"
He studied me for a moment. "I know you're not gay, but let's think about what's the best action here for the both of us. If I call your parents and tell them you're not gay, the investors will hate me because I lost them five thousand dollars, and you might end up in another deprogramming program where the actually believe that they can convert you by reading scripture to you for 24/7 while you're tied to a bed."
He tapped my file.
"You're intelligent, and I see no reason to lie to you. Instead, I'm going to give you a cushy ride through this program with very pleasant people in a lush tropical setting and at the end of your stay here, I'll send you home with a paper signed by a real live PhD psychologist stating that you've been cured. My goal here is to keep things quiet and give you kids an enjoyable vacation."
He waited for me to say something. When I didn't, he continued.
"Our immersion therapy requires that you spend a good deal of time in the company of men. We've covered this point thoroughly with your parents, and they've agreed that it's okay as long as you are not forced into any uncomfortable situations. You will be monitored 24/7 on the grounds," he pointed at a plastic dome on the ceiling that I guessed contained a camera. "Now give me a safe word. If you say it, help will be dispatched immediately. What do you want your safe word to be?"
"Did you just say that I'm going to be having group sex?" I somehow sifted that fact out of the psychobabble he had spewed at me. 'Company of men' triggered thought.
"Well, you will find yourself in situations where you can have sex with a man." He raised up his hands to fend of any more questions. "With your consent, of course."
I sat back frowning at him reminding myself to keep my legs firmly clamped together despite wearing shorts lest I give away the goods for free, yet another lesson my mother had drummed into me.
My mother's chanted mantra since I had hit puberty was, 'Save yourself for marriage.' Now this geek would be pushing men at me with the blessing of my parents? Was this backwards day?
"My parents said okay to this?"
He nodded. "As long as you and your partner agree."
My mind went blank. Had I fallen down the bunny hole into Wonderland? "Let me assure you right now that sex is not going to happen."
He held up his hands again. "We still need a safe word. You can decide whether you want to participate later."
I scanned the room looking for inspiration. My eyes rested on the logo on his faded blue pullover shirt. "Penguin?"
He nodded. "That'll work. It's not common enough to come up in everyday conversation, yet it's easy enough to remember."
He wrote it on my chart.
"Needless to say, there is one rule here that you must not violate. No gay sex. Other than that, enjoy yourself."
With that, he stood and opened the door. "Stacy, she's ready."
A skinny, middle aged woman who wore way too much make-up, and who dyed her hair way too dark came into the room, scooped my file off the desk, and nodded for me to follow her.
I turned at the door. "I'm eighteen and a US citizen. I have rights against incarceration."
The psychologist looked up and pushed back his glasses. "This isn't the United States. Here you're an adult at twenty-one. Your parents can legally send you here." He returned to his reading.
We passed through a couple of doors as I followed her into the labyrinth. The one that had no door knob on the inside caught my attention. When that door slammed shut there was no way of getting out. This wasn't a camp, it was an asylum on a remote island and I wasn't much of a swimmer.
She led me into a tiny locker room, and handed me a wire basket. "Strip and put everything into the basket. What size are you honey? I need to get you your uniform."
"I'm a size 8 on top and 6 on the bottom, better give me an 8. A 6 will bind me across the bust."
She grinned. "There are four sizes. You look like a medium."
She disappeared as I pulled off my blouse and shorts. I was standing in my bra and panties when she returned.
"Honey you need to lose the underwear, too."
I pulled off my bra and panties and deposited them in the basket feeling weird about standing in front of a fully clothed stranger.
"And the jewelry."
I pulled off my earrings, necklace and my promise ring which she deposited in an envelope before sliding it into the basket.
She handed me a single garment of very flimsy material.
"Is this all?"
She nodded. "It's what everyone wears here. You'll get used to it."
I pulled it over my head, slid my arms through the straps, and pulled it down across my hips.
"You've got to be kidding. This is tight across my bosom and hides nothing."
The closest thing I could compare it to is the 'wife beater' undershirts that men wear except that this was made out of a very sheer, silky material. The top half hugged my bust displaying my nipples through the fabric while the bottom stretched tight across my hips. I'm tall for a woman and the hem barely covered my butt cheeks. I could maintain my modesty as long as I stood. All bets were off when I sat because the slick fabric was sure to climb up around my waist. Even bending over would show the goods. I doubted if I could slouch without displaying my ass.
"This is it? I need a longer garment and underwear."
"Honey, that's all you get. I don't think you could wear a large. It would hang so low from your shoulders that your nipples would be popping out every time you moved." She stepped back and looked at my outfit with a critical eye. "Wear it proudly. You look better than most. With that red hair of yours and those green eyes, you're going to be the belle of the ball around here." She followed it with a deep chuckle that ended with a smoker's hack. "Play their game, and you'll get out of here in six weeks to two months. Summer is their busy time. They've got to push people through."
She picked up the wire cage full of my clothing, tossed my purse in and slid it through a slot in the wall. "C'mon sweetie, it's time to show you to your room."
I followed her down the hall walking past other girls about my age. All of them wore the same minimal cover I did, all of them looked as uncomfortable and as embarrassed as I did, and all of them meekly followed a staff member.
We stopped at a nondescript door painted institutional beige. She slid my file into a holder by the door. Then she shouldered the door open and motioned me in. I stepped into darkness. Behind me, she turned on the lights, and then pulled the door shut as she left. The bolt slamming home told me how much freedom I had.
The room was clean, sterile, and not unlike a windowless motel room, yet quirky at the same time. A narrow single bed occupied the corner. I opened the door on the wall next to the bed and discovered the bathroom. The curious part was that the shower was out in the room surrounded by clear glass. It was a nice roomy shower with two shower heads. There was a love seat that faced a television. I couldn't find any closets or chests of drawers, and wondered where I was supposed to keep my clothes when I got them back. The bathroom contained everything a girl might need. There was shampoo, conditioner, mascara, eyeliner, brushes, combs, hair dryer, make up remover, safety razor, deodorant and even a little cologne. I could make myself presentable. The weird part was that there was also shaving cream and aftershave.
As I was exploring my girlie stuff, I heard a door open. I strode into the room expecting a staff member and discovered a naked man toweling himself off.
He immediately wrapped the towel around his waist. "Uh, sorry. I didn't know anyone was here. I was in the heated pool with the music turned up." He pointed at the door behind him. "My shorts are in the other room."
He backed away, opened the door, and disappeared.
I searched for a phone to call the front desk to inform them of their mistake. They had booked a man and a woman into the same room. I never found it. I did knock on the door that I had come through to get into the room. I rattled it, I kicked it, I pummeled it with my fists, but in the end, I realized no one would answer my calls.
In the meantime, the guy reappeared wearing what looked like red gym shorts that were at least three sizes too small. That was all. Not that I minded. He had a washboard stomach, a deep chest and broad shoulders. A guy who looked best with little or no clothes.
"I tried that for a long time, but no one ever came. We're stuck with each other." He shrugged. "It could be worse, I guess."
"How could it possibly be worse? My parents brought me to this jail, and I guess I'm spending my summer here. Now I'm trapped in a room with a strange guy."
"Hey, I'm not strange, besides, it's not so bad here. We could be really hot, or cold, or there could be rats all over." He held out his hand. "I'm Mark."
I ran my fingers through my hair ignoring his hand, and marched into the center of the room. "I can't spend the night in here with a guy. What would my parents think?"
"Your parents know what's happening, they sent you here."
"I am not gay, and I don't need to be deprogrammed." I practically shouted at him.
I was lashing out at him because he was my only target after a day of betrayal and humiliation. I'm not proud of that.
He looked confused. "If you're not gay, then why are you here?"
"I..." It occurred to me that I did not want to share my gay sexual encounter and the aftermath with a complete stranger. "Why are you here?"
His smile faded. "I told my parents that I wanted to take a jazz dancing class. They took me to my first lesson, looked around, and the next thing I know, they're dropping me off here." He gestured at the room.
It was my turn to be confused. "So are you gay?"
He shook his head. "No, but I've always enjoyed dance. I guess in my parents mind, that makes me gay."
My situation became clear to me. "They've shoved us together to have sex, didn't they?" I pulled my shift down trying to cover as much as I could.
"I think so, and we're supposed to like it so much that it keeps us from deciding to be gay. It explains the small bed and the brief clothing." He pointed at the shower. "It sure explains that shower, and the private heated pool next door." He chuckled. "It even explains what's on the TV."
I walked over to the remote sitting on an end table next to the love seat, carefully facing toward him when I bent over realizing as I did so that my breasts were on display. When I turned on the TV no matter what channel I turned to, soft core porn flickered across the screen. I flicked off the TV, and turned to him. "Well, sex isn't going to happen. You seem like a nice guy, Mark, but I'm not going to have sex with you." I raised my voice. "Did you hear that? I'm not going to play your game. Hell will freeze over before I have sex with him. Penguin! Penguin!"
Mark was better than a nice guy. In fact, he was hot in a geeky way. For one thing, he was taller than me. Tall women reading this will understand. He had nice shoulders, muscular arms and a swimmer's body. The kind of body I wanted to lick all over.
No one beat down the door to rescue me. I wasn't surprised. I'd had zero control since I had walked through the front gate. Like a leaf drifting down a river, I had no control of where I was going.
Mark sat on the bed as far away from the crazy lady melting down in the center of the room. "Since we're spending the night here, we better discuss sleeping arrangements. The temperature is slowly falling in this room. They're trying to drive us in bed together. There's one blanket on the bed, and a love seat that is clearly too small for me, and I think for you too."
"Let me try." I sat on the love seat so as not to show my naughty bits which was impossible. I couldn't lay my body down without draping my legs over the arms of the love seat. I gave up and clambered gracelessly to my feet while Mark grinned at me.
I pointed an accusatory finger at him. "I'm not sleeping with you."
Mark sat on the bed unaware that his dick peeked out of the leg of his shorts. Women weren't the only ones having trouble with this clothing. "There's sleeping together, and then there's sleeping together. How about if I promise to take no liberties? We keep to our sides of the bed, and merely sleep. Then in the morning, we sort things out."
I stared at the bed and the love seat. I couldn't see a way out of our dilemma. I was rubbing my bare arms to keep them warm. I wasn't sure I could generate enough body heat by myself to keep from shivering even under the blanket. "Okay, I think we can make it work. Now what are we going to do until we get sleepy?"
"The heated pool is really nice. I can stay in here if you want to use it, or we can watch TV. I've scanned what they have. There's a couple movies that don't look too raunchy. They're rom-coms. We can fast forward through the steamy scenes if they make you uncomfortable."
We pulled the blanket from the bed and snuggled under it while watching an R rated movie. I liked the blanket. I didn't have to worry about pulling my slip down. Eventually my cover-up rose around my waist leaving me nude from the hips down.
The plot of the movie was bizarre. The guy was a meek chemist who invented a serum that turned him into a love machine to the delight of his very curvy grad student. The bulk of the movie was discovering how many ways and locations they could fake sex in.
Halfway through the movie, Mark began squirming.
"Why can't you get comfortable?" Only my death grip on the blanket kept it from being pulled off me and exposing my nether regions.
Mark's face reddened. "These shorts bind me in really uncomfortable ways when I sit in them. Would you mind if I slid them off? I swear I won't take advantage of the situation."
What could I say? I was bare from the waist down myself. "Go ahead."
He slid out of them beneath the blanket bending over to pull them from his ankles baring an incredibly pale cute butt as he did so. "Ahh, that feels so much better."
We sat naked hip to naked hip and thigh to thigh, and I enjoyed the contact when I wasn't fuming about my parents abandonment. The love scene caused problems for both of us. Mark's dick tented the blanket on his lap. I wasn't doing much better. I could smell my arousal, and I was sure Mark could too. We stared straight ahead at the TV not daring to look at each other.
His every twitch caused his thigh and hip to brush against me. I survived the movie with my chastity intact, but I was breathing a lot deeper than I usually did. Mark pulled on his shorts which did nothing to hide his raging hard on.
Mark sighed and looked at me. "I am so incredibly horny right now. The movie and your bare leg touching mine really has me erect." He pointed at the tent in his lap.
"We are not having sex." I pulled away from him as far as the love seat would let me.
"Look, I need relief and you do too."
He stopped and watched me blush. I could feel the blood rushing to my face.
"We don't have to touch, but it might help us both if we, you know, relieved this tension between us."
"You want to watch me finger myself while you whack off? What's the matter with you? I don't even know you."
He shrugged. "I personally will get no sleep until I get some relief. I guess I can do it in the bathroom, but it would be more fun if we could watch each other."
I hated to admit it, but he had a point. I was already thinking that I needed to get to the bathroom to get some relief, but it would be easier and certainly more comfortable doing it here. Then there was that little thought in the back of my mind that I might like him watching me, and that I never seen a guy whack off. Getting back at my parents by turning into a slut cross my mind too.
"Okay," I couldn't believe I was saying this, "But no touching."
Mark slid the blanket off us revealing his naked body and my nudity from the waist down.
He stopped and frowned. "It doesn't seem right that you get to see all of me and I don't get to see much of you."
"I'm not going to remove this slip." I would have stamped my foot if I was standing.
"Okay." Mark turned and began walking toward the bed proceed by his very erect penis.
"Where you going?"
"Into the bathroom. I'll be back in a few minutes." He continued walking.
"Wait. You promise you won't touch me if I take this slip off?"
"On my honor."
I stood and pulled off my slip, but sat down quickly as if that would somehow negate my nudity.
Mark returned and sat beside me with a box of tissues.
He began stroking his fascinating penis. His cock seemed to get bigger as he stroked it, and the head turned a shiny sort of purple color. The first time I looked down at my hands I was stroking my breasts and pulling at my nipples. My hand drifted lower and I began stroking the moistness between my outer lips dragging my finger up to lubricate my clit. There wasn't enough room so I spread my legs exposing myself and shoving my leg next to Mark's.
Mark grinned at me. "Wow, you look beautiful."
That made me stroke a little faster.
Mark grimaced, and then spurted. The first arc up and landed on his chest. The second draped across most of his thigh and a little of mine. They settled down after that.
I really began diddling my self after that and the strength and the speed of my orgasm surprised me. I flung myself back against the love seat as those lovely waves of pleasure rolled over me.
When I came to my senses, Mark was grinning at me.
"What's so funny?" I asked him.
"Look where your hand is."
I discovered my hand resting on his cock. Truth be told, I liked it there. Mark was still sort of hard, yet a little squishy at the same time. I gave it a pat and pulled my hand away.
After we cleaned up I slid on my slip and Mark stepped back into his gym shorts.
"Thank you, I really needed that. You're amazingly pretty, and you walking around in that slip really gets me going."
I had to smile, he gave me an amazing compliment. I had always viewed myself as too tall and too thin with freakishly large boobs. He found me sexy. I liked that.
He turned and looked at me with a critical eye. "I'm guessing that you're a cheerleader."
I nodded. "I am. What tipped you off?"
"You have that 'popular, athletic girl' vibe about you."
He used air quotes. Who did that?
There are people who hate cheerleaders. I went on the defensive, "What's wrong with being a cheerleader?"
He shook his head. "Nothing, but I know that if I attended your high school, you wouldn't even look at me."
"That's not true. I have all sorts of friends."
"Do you have a single one that's into Star Wars, or video games, or belongs to the science club?"
"Oh God, no, but..."
"See, I told you so." He frowned at me. "You're obviously intelligent, why would you hang with those dim bulbs?"
I put my hands on my hips. "First of all not all of them are dim bulbs. Secondly, why do the math and science geeks act like they're so much smarter than everyone else?"
"We are smarter than everyone else. My advance placement physics class says so. What I don't understand is why you guys call as geeks and exclude us from the in crowd."
I wanted to change the subject. I didn't need a roommate who was mad at me about sins other cheerleaders had committed against him.
"Are you really here because you wanted to take a dance class?"
He nodded. "You have to know my father. He retired as a sergeant-major from the Army, and heads up security for a very large corporation. My older brothers were the macho type playing sports and working on cars. I stuck out because I read books and enjoyed the arts. My mom understands, but my dad is like a steam roller when he gets an idea into his head."
He made a gesture encompassing the room. "So here I am sitting on a love seat with an incredibly beautiful woman who's almost as naked as I am. I really don't know whether to thank him or curse him."
I smiled when he said I was beautiful. It was the only kind thing anyone had said to me all day. I wanted to throw my arms around him.
He looked me square in the eye. "Now tell me your story."
I shrugged. "There isn't much to tell. I have a lesbian friend. She convinced me to try making love to a woman, so we crawled into bed together on the one day that my mom came home from work early. I was busted and here I am."
I looked into his eyes expecting shock or even ridicule and only found sympathy. "Today, the psychologist told me I had homosexual tendencies. So maybe I'm where I belong." I added for some unknown reason.
"First of all, everyone has homosexual tendencies. Now, can I ask you a very personal question?"
I nodded. "What the hell. Strangers have been rummaging around in my head all day."
"When you masturbate, do you picture yourself making love to a woman?"
I may have blushed at how personal the question was. "No, I picture my boyfriend. Why do you ask?"
"I've done quite a bit of reading on the subject. If you don't picture another women as your sexual partner, you probably don't have to worry about being gay."
I eyed him critically. "Why do you know so much about homosexuality?"
"I'm pretty sure my brother is gay. He hangs with the guys, drinks beer, and works on cars like butch guys, but he goes on vacations with friends the family has never met. He comes back with photos of women he met there, but nothing ever comes of it. I don't think my father has caught on. His gaydar is focused to me."
I stretched pushing my arms over my head being careful to keep a nipple from popping out. There wasn't enough fabric to keep the girls in place. The sides of my breasts peeked out of the arm holes in a tawdry fashion. Mark enjoyed the show, and I was okay with that. A man admiring my figure after a day of being poked, prodded, and evaluated like a cow at a county fair was a bright spot in an awful day. Besides, even in these circumstances, he was a darn good looking guy. He had a curl in his dark brown hair that fell onto his forehead. No matter how many times he pushed it back, it returned. He looked me in the eye when he talked to me. Not many of the guys my age did that. Most looked away as if they were afraid to look at me, and the ones that did look at me spent too much time looking at my chest.
"I'm getting tired. Is it time to go to bed?"
Mark squinted at the alarm clock sitting on the bed stand. "It's a little after nine, but I'm tired too. It's been a long day. Let's go to bed."
I climbed under the covers first after washing my face and brushing my teeth. "I'm ready."
Mark came out of the bathroom and sat on the edge of the bed. "You look uncomfortable. That slip is squashing your breasts. They're pushing out the sides and tops." He made a gesture over his chest with his hands. "Are you sure you want to sleep like that?"
I gave him a sardonic smile. "You're more interested in getting me naked than you are in my comfort."
He slid off his shorts and swung his legs beneath the covers. "Suit yourself." True to his word, he did his best not to touch me, but I wanted him to. I was cold, and he threw off heat like a furnace. I wanted wrap myself around him for his heat.
The top did constrict me and after ten minutes I sat up and pulled it off. I spooned my very naked body next to a naked man I had only met that evening and I gasped at the sensual feel of his warm soft skin against mine. It is the second best feeling in the world. I would rate it between orgasm and a good back scratch. I never again wanted to crawl into a cold bed alone when half the world was made up of men who could warm a bed for a woman.
I didn't object when he rested his large hand on my hip making me feel tiny next to him. If he wasn't a friend, at least he had suffered the same indignities I had. I drifted into sleep happy that I had someone on my side in this bizarre institution.
I woke up the next morning with Mark's hand cupping my breast and his morning wood planted between my butt cheeks pointing up toward the center of my back. I didn't panic. It didn't take long before I realized where I was. Besides, I liked spooning safe and warm next to him. There were worse ways to wake up than in the embrace of a hunky guy.
My stirring must have awoke him. He sat up and stretched. "Good morning. I must have been really tired. I slept like a log."
He threw the covers off and walked to the bathroom with his very prominent morning wood bobbing with each step along the way. I shook my head. Modesty was impossible under these circumstances.
It took a few minutes for Mark to use the toilet and brush his teeth.
"I am so sorry," he muttered as he walked back to the bed covering his crotch with both hands. "I totally forgot I was naked."
He recovered his shorts and slid them on. I liked his buns better uncovered. They were tight and firm and did not jiggle at all when he walked. I wanted to grab them.
I shimmied into into my slip with the covers over me, then stopped. "Why delay the inevitable? I looked at Mark and shrugged. "I can't get comfortable in this awful clothing."
I threw the covers off myself, pulled off the shift and stood as naked as he had been. "We spent the night together naked. It's time to drop the pretense of modesty."
With a sigh, I padded to the bathroom in my birthday suit. I could feel his eyes following me, and I enjoyed it enough to get a little tingle from it.
"I need to take a shower," I said once I had taken care of things in the bathroom.
"I can go for a swim if you want privacy." He motioned toward the door.
"It's a heated pool?"
"Yep."
I squinted at the clock. "They said they'd come get us for breakfast at eight, and it's not even seven. Let's take a dip."
He looked gob-smacked. "Together?"
In answer I threw the slip on the bed. Mark doffed his shorts.
I took his hand. "Shall we go for a skinny dip? There's no sense trying to hide from each other. We seem destined to spend most of our time together without clothes."
We spent half an hour bobbing around in the warm water. If you ever get the chance, do this. It's better than a hot tub. A hot tub forces a couple together because of the limited space. A heated pool, on the other hand, makes you feel so safe and warm and cozy that you are drawn to the other person as the next step toward decadent satisfaction. That's what happened to me. In no time I was sitting on his lap in waist deep water with my arms and legs wrapped around him. That's when I discovered he was a very good kisser. He had nice, full lips, and he allowed me to control the amount of and the intensity of the French kissing. I hate a guy who tries to climb down your throat on the first kiss. We ended up talking as we sat on the steps in the shallow end. I made no attempt to cover myself. Why bother?
"I have to ask you something. Why don't you have any pubic hair?" I pointed to his very bald penis and balls.
He glanced down at his semi-erect dick as if this was the first time he had heard about it. "Oh that? I guess I should explain. Last spring I went to the state finals in the breast stroke. My coach suggested that I and another guy who was going should shave down to lessen our drag through the water. So I shaved everything. Then I discovered that I really liked the feel, so I kept doing it."
He stood to display his shaved groin and his erection which was pointing much higher.
"Can I touch it?"
"Go ahead."
I slid my hand over his smooth shaved groin and scrotum. "It feels nice and smooth." His penis twitched from my incidental touch. I pulled my hand away.
"It's really sensual. I go through the day feeling the fabric on my bare skin. You should try it."
I shook my head. "I don't think I could. That seems so strange."
Mark sat down. "I put myself on display. Now it's your turn. Stand up."
When I did, he made a circular motion that meant he wanted to me to turn around.
"Very nice," he said. "You've got a nice round bottom."
"Thank you," I gave him a smile as I settled back into the water. "I thought high school guys were boob men."
He shook his head. "I like a nice set of breasts as much as the next guy, and you, by the way, have a very nice pair. I especially like how puffy your nipples look."
I could see him struggling for words.
"Yes it's normal, and it makes my breasts incredibly sensitive to touch."
"May I touch them?"
At my smile he slid a hand over cradling one. When his fingers found my nipple and gently rolled it between thumb and finger it sent an electric shock through my body that somehow made me press my legs together.
"Enough of that." I pushed his hand away. "You're giving me naughty ideas."
We sat back and looked at anything but each other.
"Well, like I was going to say before we moved on to other topics, there's something remarkable about a butt so firm you can crack an egg on it."
I giggled as I lay back letting the water warm wash over my very erect nipples. "I think that's a complement," he nodded that it was.
I sighed. "I want to start every day like this."
He reached out and grabbed my thigh. "Alas, we have to get ready for breakfast."
He stood and climbed out of the pool leaving me wanting his hand to slide higher on my thigh. I dried myself while facing him, and liked it. When had I gotten so brazen? He explored every inch of me with his eyes and all I want to do was grin.
"Oh, man. It's later than I thought." He grimaced at the clock when we returned to the room. "There's no way we can both get a shower in unless we shower together." He raised his eyebrows.
"You did that on purpose," I wiggled a threatening finger at him.
He smiled. "I may have."
Did he have to be so charming all the time?
"Well, come on. Let's get this going."
We stepped in the shower and adjusted the water on our respective nozzles. Mark grabbed the soap bar, and lathered up his hands. "Turn around, I'll wash your back."
I did as ordered and a pair of strong masculine hands stroked my back. As I stood there, they moved lower thoroughly cleaning my bottom before lathering up both my legs from crotch to feet. I loved every moment of Mark's man hands stroking my body, and was surprised when he spun me around and soaped me from the neck down spending a great deal of time and soap on my breasts.
"I think they're clean enough, Mark. At this rate we'll never get to breakfast."
He dropped to his knees to soap up my stomach, hips and groin. I grabbed him by the chin and raised his head. "You need to keep moving, sweetie or I won't have time to lather you."
That got his attention. He finished up my legs and stood with his feet apart while I rinsed. "I'm ready."
I took the soap and laved his shoulders and chest. From there I descended to his pecs and belly. I took a long time lathering up his very hard erection and balls. It fascinated me how his balls moved in my hand. Finally I lathered up his legs. When I stood, I rubbed my breasts against his soapy chest, and overheated the poor boy. He stood with mouth agape as I lathered his back and butt before moving on to his legs. Then I rubbed my breasts against his back.
"You're done sweetie. Rinse yourself off."
He stepped under the shower staring at me. "My god, that was awesome."
We dried off admiring each other's body before pulling on our skimpy uniforms. At eight, a matron came and escorted us to breakfast.
An exhausting day of group therapy and aversion therapy rolled by measured by institutional clocks on the wall that moved as if a miser had to buy the minutes before posting them on the dial.
I met Mark for dinner in the cafeteria after a long, unpleasant day. "How were your sessions?"
He stared up from his hot roast beef sandwich. "Okay if you don't mind a couple of gay guys calling you a poser in group session. They kept yelling that they knew I was gay, why was I pretending to be hetero. A couple guards had to drag them out of the group. There's seething anger around here among the truly gay."
"That's horrible. I'm sorry that happened to you." I patted his hand.
"How was your day?" He sawed away at his hot roast beef sandwich with plastic knife and fork.
"Not like yours. My group spent most of its time listening to a couple feminists extolling the virtues of a world without men. Did you know that men are the cause of all problems in this world including overpopulation?"
"No one pointed out that it takes a man and a woman working together to make a child?"
"Those two were on a roll, there was no talking sense into them."
I poked at my hot roast beef sandwich. I did not share his enthusiasm for the entree.
I glanced around the room and noticed women openly ogling Mark. He wasn't a bad looking guy. He was the only guy who had six pack abs. He literally tapered from his shoulders to his ankles, and even better, he was a considerate man. I didn't want to lose to the hussies around me.
"Don't look now, but there's quite a few women checking you out."
Mark looked up and smiled. "Mostly I see guys checking you out. You're much better arm candy than I am."
The warning tone sounded at five minutes to seven.
"We better get going. There's no telling how they punish us if we're late getting back to the room. They might take our clothes." We bussed our trays and quick-stepped down the hall with our fellow inmates.
The sad faces of my fellow inmates had disappeared overnight. I guessed that many of them had sex last night. Why was I holding out? My parents approved; Mark was willing. As much as I didn't want to play the psychologist's game, the sensual pleasures they dangled in front of me were hard to resist. I grabbed Mark's hand and gave it a squeeze. He turned and smiled back at me. If I was going to have to endure this institution, then I wanted to endure it with Mark.
When they let us in, we found a new set of shorts for Mark and a new slip for me sitting in a little carrier on the bed.
"Want to change into them now?" Mark picked up the shorts and frowned at them.
I picked up the slip and held it up to me. "This one is even shorter than the one I have on. Why even bother?" I threw it on the bed.
"I can postpone the trauma of wearing that thing until morning." I peeled off my current slip and threw it in the basket my new slip had come in, and curtsied. "I'm more comfortable like this."
Mark peeled his shorts off and tossed them on top of my slip. "It feels so good to get those undersized shorts off. No wonder everyone is crabby."
He walked over and turned on the TV. "Are you ready for another exciting night of dirty videos?"
"Why sir, I look forward to my evening with you." I pulled the blanket off the bed and brought it over to the love seat.
We settled in. "What's it going to be, Space Vixens or Lonely widow managing a motel on the beach in Cabo San Lucas."
"Lonely widow. I love the character development in the more serious pieces."
Soon we watched a lonely but exceedingly shapely widow having her drains unplugged by a handy man who wore his tool belt but nothing else inside his coveralls. When they got down to sex within five minutes of his arrival, I reached over and wrapped my hand around Mark's swelling dick eliciting a gasp from him. I had never held one like this before and I found it rigid, warm and far to big to fit in me. The loose skin on it made it easy to slide up and down which I did slowly. Mark collapsed against the back of the couch with his eyes closed and moaned. I never realized that a woman could have such total control over a guy.
"Oh man that feels good," he whispered before putting his arm around my shoulder pulling me closer. He kissed me letting me slide my tongue into his mouth. I could do anything I wanted as long as I kept stroking. What a feeling of power!
With my thumb I smeared the slippery dew collecting at the tip of his penis around the head.
Mark inhaled. "Oh man, that feels so good."
Things were happening with me too. My nipples were as hard as they had ever been, and my moisture collected below.
I continued running my hand up and down his shaft until he went stiff holding his breath. With one more pump he pulsed. The first spurt shot in the air about a foot landing on his chest, the second shot six inches high landing on his stomach, the third splashed on the back of my hand and the fourth dribbled out.
"Thank you," he gave me a satisfied smile. "You strutting around naked keeps me horny. I needed relief."
He got up and returned with a box of tissues so I could clean my hands.
"Now, let me return the favor."
He kissed me lingering on my lips. I returned his kisses laying on him to get as much skin to skin contact as I could. When we came up for air, he picked me up in his arms and carried me to the bed as if I weighed nothing at all. Around other women, I considered myself large and ungainly, but Mark in one simple movement made me feel petite and delicate. I wanted him so much.
When I reached for his dick to pleasure him, he pushed my hand away. "This isn't about me, it's about you."
He worked his way down kissing my neck and shoulders lingering over my nipples. I have incredibly sensitive breasts and when he sucked and kissed them, I had a mini orgasm. While he was paying such arousing attention to my breasts, his other hand drifted lower to my stomach, waist, hips finally resting on my mons where he played with my short curlys.
His hand drifted even lower and I opened my legs eager for him. A finger lay the length of my slit while the others stroked my outer lips. That talented middle finger pushed my lips aside and stroked my fully moistened inner lips. His finger plunged deeper into my folds eliciting a gasp from me.
He stopped. "Are you okay?"
I smiled. "Better than okay, but if you want to get me going, stroke right here."
I positioned his finger over my clit. "Be gentle. It's very sensitive."
He lightly stroked it and I writhed with the intensity of his touch.
When he stopped, I placed my hand over his. "Keep going. That really turns me on."
He stroked a few more times pushing me higher in my arousal. The orgasm started deep in my stomach radiating outwards locking all my muscles until delicious pleasure rolled over me like a tsunami. All I could do was grab his hand and hold it close to my clit as wave after wave of ecstasy washed over me.
When I was done shuddering with pleasure, I patted his hand to stop him from stroking me. Parts had gotten too tender. "Thank you. That was amazing."
Mark laughed. "Can you believe our parents are paying money so we can do this?"
"We're certainly learning to be heterosexuals." I got up and got a drink of water in the bathroom.
When I crawled back into bed, he looked at me expectantly. "We need to make love. I'm ready, and I think you are too."
I rubbed his arm. "You have to be patient and gentle; I'm a virgin, and you seem so large."
He gave me a delighted smile. "That's perfect. I'm a virgin too. If anything hurts, tell me and I'll stop. Now, let's try out some brand new parts." He rubbed his hands together like he'd been given a slice of birthday cake.
I was happy he was a virgin, but it made everything right. His lips found mine and I became aggressive in my sexual greed. I forced my tongue into his mouth demanding that he French kiss me as I lay across his naked body getting as much skin to skin contact as I could. We would explore our sexuality together.
His lips drifted across my cheek and down my neck lingering once again at my breasts before drifting kiss by kiss across my belly to my navel, and then my mons.
He sat up and positioned himself at the end of the bed where he gently pushed my legs apart and kissed his way up my leg and thigh stopping over my outer lips. I moaned in anticipation. His hot breath warmed my outer lips. Using his tongue, he entered me running my slit from bottom to top lingering over my clit.
When his tongue touched my clit, a quick, hard orgasm slammed into me that made me want a deeper, more satisfying one. I didn't wait long. He dragged his sensuous lips up my body lingering over my breasts before his mouth came to rest on mine. I tasted my own arousal on his lips, and marveled at the salty, aromatic taste.
He positioned his cock over my vagina and rubbed the head up and down my slit making it slick with my juices. I squirmed with anticipation and pushed his hand away as I centered his manhood over my opening.
"Push gently," I whispered.
He slid into me about halfway and met resistance, then pulled out until only his head remained between my outer lips , then pushed a little deeper. On the third stroke our hips joined.
"Stop for a moment," I murmured. "I need to get used to you in me. It feels so wonderful." I kissed his cheek.
My vaginal muscles gripped him. An orgasmic tremor rattled through me. I've read women who write how a man filled her. That's not the right word. It was more than that. Mark completed me. I knew what every part of my body was for. My slit was meant to hold Mark's penis as much Mark's penis belonged in my body. I'm not trying to be mystical. It's a statement of fact. That's why men's and women's parts match up so well, and why the act of sex is so much fun.
"Am I hurting you?" Mark whispered.
I pulled his lips to mine and kissed him by way of an answer.
Mark stroked into me at a leisurely pace. Each thrust sent a ripple of pleasure deep into me. The pace increased making my pleasure continuous pushing me to orgasm. It thundered through me and all I could do was wrap my legs around him and dig my nails into his shoulders as another wave rolled over me.
I may have passed out.
"Amy, are you okay?"
In response, I pulled him down to me and kissed him long and slow.
"I've never felt better. I'm a little dizzy. The room spun beneath me for a second."
He stroked into me again, and the tingle in the pit of my stomach radiated outward locking all my muscles and curling my toes. I urged him faster with my heels on his ass.
Suddenly he froze. "I'm going to cum. Should I pull out?"
"I'm on the pill for my acne. Don't you dare pull out."
Every muscle tensed in him. His knees came off the bed until his orgasm hit and he pumped spurt after spurt inside me. His delicious warmth pulsed into me, and pushed me over the edge into another orgasm. This one centered around the delectable sensation of my vagina pulsing around his dick. It was good for him too. He moaned as I pulsed around him.
Afterwards, I lay on his shoulder with my thigh draped across his. It seemed so natural to be laying there stroking his stomach and playing with his nipples. I watched his penis twitch. I cupped it in my hand and marveled at how it grew under my touch.
"Do you have any control over it?"
He shook his head. "It has a mind of its own. If I see a beautiful woman, like yourself, it will start to rise. If the beautiful woman is naked and stroking me, I have no control at all."
"Should I stop?"
"Please don't. What you're doing is heavenly, it makes me want to slide into you again." He wiggled his eyebrows at me.
I kissed him slipping my tongue between his lips. "I would like that very much."
I most want to make love after I've made love. I experienced this for the first time that evening. I welcomed him like an old friend as he slid effortlessly into me. His strokes came slower this time maximizing the sensuality of our contact. When I came close to orgasm, he stopped leaving me at the peak of arousal, but unable to take the plunge into orgasm. I moaned and urged him forward with my heels.
"I'm getting tired, I'm going to need a few kisses to motivate me to keep going," Mark whispered into my ear.
I grabbed his smiling face and laid the most passionate kiss on him that I could. He moaned and his hips stirred to life. I climbed the ladder of heavenly sensation to my next orgasm which blossomed across me in a gentle unfolding of passion. It wasn't as strong as my first one or the second, but equally satisfying in its own way. Mark stopped thrusting to witness what he had done to me. I pulled him into my chest and held him tight. He allowed me to relax before he began again. I eagerly fell into his rhythm feeling another orgasm building. This time I reached an orgasmic state where I did not come down, but flitted from orgasm to orgasm making my hips twitch in a most delicious way. Too soon, Mark stiffened above me and pulsed and pulsed into the core of my being.
When we uncoupled, Mark panted like he had run a hundred yard dash.
"Wow, it's amazing what you do to me, woman." He gasped out. "This is one hell of a camp."
Mark drifted into sleep with a smile on his face. I, for some reason, couldn't turn my mind off. I had no idea where this was headed. I had thought that an orgasm was a thing. Now I had discovered that they could be very different. I had had short hard ones that were a surprise, and long slow ones that rolled on and on, and everything in between. How many other kinds were there?
I could see the little dome that housed the camera on the ceiling. They had surely taped us and someone would review our "progress". What did they want? If we screwed like bunnies every chance we got, would that satisfy them? How were we supposed to prove to them that we were cured of our homosexuality? Should I play their game? When they certified us as converted, we would be hailed as a great success and proof that conversion therapy worked.
That I was playing into their hands irked me no end. I wanted revenge against my parents and this sham of an institution that was extracting large sums of money from my family under false pretenses. If I allowed them to claim us as a successful gay deprogramming, I was dooming other unsuspecting teens to this misguided program?
They knew that Mark and I weren't homosexuals. That was the whole point, they were bilking our parents out of money for a cure that we did not need for a condition that needed no cure. After a couple of months they would return us to our financially drained parents proclaiming us newly minted heterosexuals.
I was starting to fall for Mark, and I he had the same feelings for me. The problem was that we were both eighteen, my home was in North Carolina, his was in Georgia, and we were too young to fall in love. Hooking up had blossomed into passionate regard. There was more to our entangled lives than terrific sex. We were becoming a couple. Logically, we had only known each other for twenty-four hours.
Eventually, sleep found me.
On the fourth day of struggling with my too short slip, I gave up. As I sat in group session listening to a lecture about the plasticity of the human brain and how we can unlearn what we have learned, I pulled the slip off and sat there listening to the nervous giggles around me.
The group leader glared at me. "Why are you naked?"
I held up the offending piece of clothing. "It's too short, too tight, and uncomfortable to sit in for hours on end."
"Please put it back on." She said it as more of an order than a request.
"Not until I get one that fits."
The lecturer summoned a matron with her hand. "Please escort Amy to her psychologist."
I stood and walked to the door leaving my slip sitting on the chair.
When we stepped out in the hall, the matron frowned at me. "You're going to be labeled a troublemaker."
She was the skinny matron with the weird hair.
"Those slips are miserable. The one you gave me the first night I was here was the longest I ever got. I can't walk down the hall in most of them without my ass and muff on display. And the constant squashing of my breasts leaves them sore by the end of the day. I'm better off walking around naked."
"You're walking into a shit storm. Be prepared."
"It couldn't possibly be more embarrassing than walking down this hall naked as a jay bird."
I squared my shoulders and looked straight ahead to avoid the stares. I watched two guys walk into each other as they gaped at me. Walking around naked did feel good in a way.
My psychologist, once again, put me on hold as he read the note from the lecturer. He slid it into my file and wrote an entry.
"Why won't you wear clothing in class?" There was no doubt he was a heterosexual judging by the way his eyes lingered on my breasts.
"It's too tight and uncomfortable."
"What size were you given?"
"Medium."
He turned to the matron. "Could you bring me a woman's large slip?"
The matron nodded and disappeared.
He studied my face. "You could have asked for a large."
"I was told it would be far too big on me."
"Well then, you could have talked to me about it."
I was waiting for that comment. "Where exactly is your sign up sheet? What are your counseling hours, and why is your office in an area inaccessible to your patients?"
Before he could answer, the matron returned with a size large slip. I stood and pulled it over my head.
The good thing was it wasn't tight on me, and it was long enough, but now my breasts were barely covered by the narrow material of the shoulder straps.
I sat down and smiled at him as I adjusted the straps to cover my nipples.
"We may have a problem," I swiveled one way in my seat, then the other and my breast popped out. "If you have a sewing kit, I could modify a few of these to fit me."
He shook his head. "If I let you do it, then everyone will want to. You're here to learn to be a heterosexual not a seamstress," he bit his lower lip. "You're going to have to learn how to live with it. Remember how I asked you to go along with the program? This is one of the little inconveniences you're going to have to endure for a few more days before we send you to the social group reorientation group."
I nodded my head pretending that I was defeated.
"Well, thank you for listening to me." I stood, pulled off the too large slip and left the office escorted by the matron.
"You already know what you're going to do next," she said as she opened the door back into the asylum.
I nodded.
"Don't tell me. If you do, I'll have to report it," she shut the door and rattled it to make sure it had locked. Then she returned me to my class.
"Will you wear your assigned clothing now?" The instructor asked trying to embarrass me.
I nodded. "I must wear the slip while in class."
I returned to my seat, picked up my slip and slid it over my head before sitting down. Then I slipped out of the arm holes and pushed down my slip exposing my breasts. That gave me enough freedom to pull the slip down until it hit mid thigh.
The lecturer sneered at me but didn't miss a beat. She continued the lecture. When the class broke at noon, the girl sitting next to me asked what I would do at lunch.
"I think I'm going to lunch like this. I'd rather show my breasts than my vagina."
The guys went wild at lunch. A steady stream of them walked past my table, but no matron showed up demanding that I follow her to the psychologist's office. So, I guess I was okay.
What amazed me was how hot I got from the guys ogling me. I wanted to go back to my room and rip off Mark's clothing.
An amazing thing happened at my peer group counseling session that afternoon. I was no longer the only girl rebelling against the ridiculous clothing. A tall girl like me had also pulled her slip down exposing her breasts. A slightly heavy girl pulled her slip entirely off then wore it as an apron by pulling her arms through the arm holes.
The topic of the session was coping with the ridiculous outfits, and one by one the girls stopped pulling at their slips letting them ride up exposing everything. Even more removed their slips and spent the session naked with their slips draped across their laps.
When I walked into our room at the end of the day, Mark looked up and shook his head. "When they starting talking about the stacked girl walking around with her breasts exposed, I knew it was you."
I stripped off the offending garment, wadded it up and threw it into the corner.
"I'm done wearing it. I'll take it with me wherever I go, I'll even put it on if they order me to, but I am spending as much time naked as I can. Life is too short to put up with that misery."
I sat on the love seat next to him. "Now give me a 'hello sweetie, how was your day' kiss. I can't begin to tell you how aroused I got with guys ogling me all day long."
The day got better after that.
Later that evening I got an idea. I rummaged around in the bathroom until I found the cuticle scissors. I then slit the slip up each side seam until it no longer bound me across the hips. Then I slit it down the same seams from under my armpits until I had more freedom for my breasts. I modeled the result for Mark.
"I don't think they'll like it," he gave a nervous laugh. "You look like an Orion slave girl from Star Trek. It shows the sides of your naked hips and really displays your breasts."
He thought for a minute. "Do you think you could work the same magic on my shorts?"
I slit the side seams on his shorts exposing a great deal of hip.
"That feels much better," he sat down on the love seat. "Look at that. I can even sit in these."
The next morning we walked out in our altered uniforms. At noon over lunch my psychologist along with several others read an announcement. Uniforms could not be altered by the wearer.
In protest, well over half of the inmates stood and removed their uniforms and threw them at the psychologists. After that, no one in management said a word if someone decided to go naked.
Our naked 24/7 routine did not change for a week. Girls and guys went to class free of clothing. Class breaks was an unending panorama of variations on the theme of the human body. There were short ones, tall ones, fat ones, skinny ones, big breasts, no breasts, large cocks, and little cocks. At the end of the second day the new normal was sandals or tennis shoes with socks and nothing else. If there was a down side, I couldn't see it. People seemed happier.
The skinny matron with the weird hair dropped by one evening and gave us a card.
"You've progressed nicely through the program, and as a result, you get more privileges. You're allowed into the courtyard. Swipe the card, and security will let you out."
She chuckled. "Don't be surprised if there are other couples out there."
She turned and walked out the door. "You'll no longer be locked in the room during the evening." She twisted the handle showing that it now worked. "Follow the rules and you'll get more privileges."
"You want to go out?" Mark did nothing to hide his excitement.
I nodded. "I have to get outside. I'm going stir crazy in here."
He grabbed my hand and pulled me into the hallway. Walking nude through the hallway with mostly clothed staff around was new.
Mark swiped the card and we walked out into the wonderful, humid, salty evening air.
"The air tastes so good." Mark inhaled. He looked around. "Let's follow the path."
"We're allowed out here because we've screwed every night for a week," I whispered into Mark's ear.
He pulled me into a hug. "Do you suppose if we screw enough, they'll let us off the island? I'm willing to try. By the way, have I mentioned how much I enjoy hugging you? I love the feel of those beautiful breasts crushed against my chest."
I pushed him away. "Doesn't it bother you that we're puppets on a string and they're manipulating us?"
He shook his head. "How can I be upset? I'm making love to the most beautiful woman in the world. I don't want to be free if it means losing you."
I stroked his cheek. "Aww, you're sweet. I don't want this to end either, but their cure is one big scam and that bothers me."
The courtyard was an English garden around a central pond. Other buildings stood beyond a hedgerow and what looked like a beach.
We encountered no one as we followed the brick path around the pond. We then turned and followed another path down to a dock the stretched out into the water. Another couple leaned against the railing looking out onto the pond. They were as naked as we were. Evening painted the sky in tropical hues, the day animals had fallen silent and the low hums and croaks of the night animals filled the air.
"It's beautiful, isn't it?" the woman said as she pointed across the mirrored pond. "Look, you can see ibis wading the shallows on the other side."
She had a beautiful heart shaped face framed by black hair that complimented her blue eyes. She also had a deep all over tan. Being a ginger with glow in the dark white skin, I envied her.
"It is." I stretched. "It's so nice to get outside after being trapped in that building for so many days."
"This is the first time Ray and I have been outside too."
"How long have you been here?" Mark asked Ray.
He pointed at the woman. "Jean and I have been paired up since we got here Saturday."
Ray was not a bad looking guy. He was a tad shorter than Mark and a little more stocky. He looked like he might be a high school wrestler, or maybe not. There was something about him that hinted he was older. I did not like the way he stared at me, but with Mark and Jean there, I didn't worry.
Jean grabbed me by the arm and led me off so we could talk alone.
"What do you think of this place?" she asked looking over her shoulder at the guys.
"It's weird. They think I'm gay and they've put me with Mark to get me liking heterosexual sex."
"You're not gay?"
I shook my head.
"I'm not either. A couple mean girls in my high school choir started a rumor about me and my best friend after we shared a room in Atlanta for state finals. My parents heard about it, and here I am."
"What about Ray?"
"He's as straight as I am."
"So are you guys having sex like Mark and I are?"
She grinned and nodded her head. "Is this a great place or what? They give me a man to have sex with any time I want, and my parents are paying for it."
Now that I looked at her skin, she seemed older than I first thought.
"I hate being cooped up in that building all the time."
She nodded. "Me, too. I hate it so much that I want to scream sometimes. Ray gets crazy too."
We took a moment to evaluate each other's body. I was taller and more slender except for my chest while Jean had the full breasts, small waist and the wide hips that guys love.
We talked a little longer before the guys joined us. Ray and Jean said their goodbyes while we remained on the dock. After they had gone I sat on the dock and dangled my feet in the water.
"What did you think of Ray and Jean?" I asked.
"They seemed too nice. I think Ray was planted here to test if I was homosexual. The first thing he told me was that he knew of a spot without cameras where we could get each other off. When I told him that I wasn't gay or even bi, he nodded, but asked me again before we walked back to you guys. How was Jean?"
I laughed. "She seemed nice, but she's a little older than she claims to be," I paused. "Ray creeped me out a little. All he did was stare at my tits. Are you sure he's gay?"
Mark turned his hands up. "We're going to see them again. They're plants to see if they can get us to have homosexual sex with them."
We completed our loop of the lake in the gathering gloom as the no see'ums were coming out. Our walk back to our room was a good deal more leisurely. I put a little strut in my step for the first time since I had entered this jail. I had the best looking guy in the place hanging on my arm. The horrible truth was that I was deliriously happy despite being kidnapped by my parents, having to wear inadequate clothing and being forced to have incredible sex by unseen overlords.
That thought made me sad. Why couldn't I be like Mark and take everything at face value? Why did I have to turn things over in my mind until I found something to be miserable about?
The routine continued with peer group meetings and aversion therapy. At one point, they gave me a breathing mask and had me watch videos. When a man and a woman were embracing, the buttery smell of cinnamon rolls came through the tube up to my mask. When the video showed girl on girl sex the aroma of spoiled milk invaded my mask. I wondered if their 'therapy' could get anymore cartoonish.
That evening, as we were watching dirty videos in our room Mark turned to me. "You know, you haven't given me oral yet."
"You're right. I haven't offered because I'm not sure I'd like it."
Mark shrugged. "If you don't, you can stop. I won't force you to do anything you don't want to do."
I gave him a peck on the cheek. "Would you like it right now?" I reached out and grabbed his man root. "This video is ridiculous. I still don't understand why the only way that woman can have an orgasm is with an over-sized dick shoved down her throat."
Mark looked into my eyes as innocently as he could. "It's almost like the whole idea of the movie is to get many people naked on screen, and have them screwing in many different and mostly impossible positions."
"You think?"
He grinned. "Now given the choice between watching naked women with fake boobies prance around the screen or having a real life honest-to-God woman pleasuring me, I have got to go with the latter." He kissed me. "Make me your love sock-puppet."
"You are such a goofball. It's a good thing I like you."
I pushed him away when he tried to kiss me. "How can we have serious sex when you make me laugh all the time. Now if you want a blow job, mister then I want you to march into that heated pool right now." I pointed toward the door.
"Why you kinky little devil." Mark smirked at me.
"It's too cool in the room to have my butt waving in the air. I'll be warmer in the pool and you'll get a better result." I gave him my best sultry look.
I positioned him at the deep end of pool with his legs hanging over the edge into the water. I slipped into the warm water and stood between his legs. When I took his erection into my mouth he screwed up his face and moaned.
His dick tasted a little salty, and I relished the heady smell of his man musk. I began by licking up the underside of his erection and circled the head with my tongue a couple of times like I had seen in the porn videos. Mark's grin told me I got it right. I took him deeper into my mouth sucking on it as if it were a lolly pop while looking up into his eyes. I thought he would to lose his mind.
"Damn, that feels good." He moaned from deep within his ecstasy. "It really gets to me when you look at me with those big green eyes while you're sucking on me."
That's when the door opened and Jean and Ray sauntered into the room.
I pulled away from Mark to say hello when Jean held out her hands.
"No, no. Don't stop. I'd hate to see you leave Mark with blue balls."
They slipped out of their clothes, slid into the pool and watched from a few feet away as I resumed Mark's blow job. Being watched made it different. I took him in my mouth and plunged far deeper on him than I would have otherwise.
An audience turned me on, and that confused me. Was that why I had been so willing to doff my slip in that meeting? A delicious tingle in the pit of my stomach spread through the rest of my body. I attacked Mark with new vigor doing my best to make him groan his appreciation of my technique.
Mark obliged. "Amy, that is so amazing." His eyes rolled up into his head.
Every muscle in his body tightened up. "Amy, I'm going to cum."
I continued sucking him. I hadn't intended to let him cum in my mouth, but that was before I had an audience. He pulsed and I swallowed spurt after spurt as it hit the back of my throat. When he was done, I cleaned him up with my tongue and then kissed him.
"Now you know what you taste like."
I wanted to hop on him and ride him like a cowgirl, but it would take him a while to get his erection back.
Jean was giving Ray an enthusiastic blow job. I stood between Mark's legs and watched Ray climax while Mark stroked my breasts from behind. After Ray orgasmed, Jean turned to me.
"Your blow job on Mark was so hot and amazing that I had to do it too."
"How did you get in here?" I asked.
"The matron told us which room was yours. We knocked, but no one answered, but we could hear you in the pool."
Jean hugged herself and leaned in. "Want to try some girl on girl. I bet the guys would like watching us." She winked at me then reached over and stroked my breast. "I want to play with those babies."
My jaw dropped. This was how they were testing me? Meeting by chance in the garden and then happening by when Mark and I were getting it on struck me as so forced, so clumsy as to be laughable.
I held up my hands. "No, like I told you before, I'm not wired that way. Sorry."
She pouted. "Well then, could we at least swap partners?"
I thought for a moment. If I were that dumb ass psychologist in charge of my stay, what would I think if one of my patients took on a new partner? That she was promiscuous? Why would he even care? That she was sexually curious about the other sex? That seemed more like it. There was probably a box on the form for him to check off. Ten points for promiscuity, check!
I smiled at my naked test administrator. "Since I met Ray, I've wondered what it would like to have sex with him." I wiggled my shoulders. The way she looked at my breasts made me wonder how straight she really was.
If she could be blatant, then so could I.
As Jean waded over to Mark, I waded through the water to Ray. He started when I grabbed his cock and began stroking it. It got a little longer under my ministrations, but it never got big. I expected a kielbasa and got a pretzel stick. I wanted to laugh, but that would get me in trouble.
Ray glared at me, daring me to say something as pun after pun about short subjects, and short comings caromed around my brain.
When I looked over at the other side of the pool, Jean was riding Mark, but seemed more concerned about what I was doing.
I gave her a show. I dragged Ray to the side of the pool then bent over holding the edge in the shallow end demanding that he take me doggie style. Ray slid into me and slapped my ass making me jump. I wanted to ask him if it was in yet, but decided that we needed a good report sent back to the psychologist more.
When he slapped my ass hard, I tried to turn and punch him. What the hell was that all about? To stop me he grabbed my hair and pulled forcing me to arch my back. With his other hand he reached around and grabbed my pussy far too hard pulling me back onto his tiny little dick. Thirty seconds later he grunted and came inside me before stepping back. No talk, no foreplay, not even a wham, bam, thank you, ma'am. What a bastard.
I backed away wading to the opposite end of the pool where I watched Jean riding Mark. Jean was having a much better time than Mark. She wasn't a big girl, but she bounced down on Mark with enough force to make him grimace. Mark endured it and came, then Jean slipped off of him into the water.
"He's a good man. You're a lucky girl."
She reached out and tweaked my nipple. "Are you sure we can't have a little girl on girl action? Not so much for us, but the boys love that sort of thing. Besides, nothing winds a girl up for her man like a little cunnilingus first."
I stepped back to avoid her hands. "I'm pretty sure I can keep Mark happy without eating a woman out, but thanks for asking."
Jean pouted her disappointment, and turned to Ray. "Well, I guess we ought to be going."
They climbed out of the pool, dried off, and waved as they left the room.
Mark got out of the pool and turned up the music on the speaker system, then returned to the pool and sat beside me on the steps.
"What the hell was that?"
I smiled at him. "They came here to test us. You passed your test yesterday when you and Ray did not shag each other in the bushes. I passed my test today when she tried to get me to have sex with her because it would turn you guys on. We passed a second test when we agreed to switch partners. It demonstrated our curiosity about the opposite sex."
Mark frowned. "You think so?"
I took his hand. "The day after tomorrow, we will be given more freedom." I hugged myself and shivered. "Let's get out of here. I want to take an hour long shower, and then spend the night cuddled next to you. I need to get the memory of that man touching me out of my head." I shuttered.
Mark wheeled on me. "Did that bastard hurt you?"
I rubbed his arms. "He was a little rough, but nothing I couldn't handle." I spun around. "See, no bruises; just one red hand mark on my ass."
Mark rubbed the red mark. "I'll rip the bastard's head off if he touches you again."
I held up my hands. "As much as your protectiveness makes me feel safe and warm, I'm a big girl, and I know how to handle this. I don't want you ending up in a foreign jail cell because you thought you had to defend my honor."
I had never seen that side of a man before. It thrilled me and terrified me at the same time.
Two days later, a matron drove us in a golf cart to the cabins down by the shore.
"You're in the final step of the program where we integrate you into the rest of society as heterosexuals. You'll be given a room for privacy, but we want you to mix in with the other campers and have fun. If you want to keep your psychologist happy, have sex with other people. Remember rule number one, no gay sex. They have a second rule. No group sex. It doesn't go well with the camp's principles."
"How long is step three?" Mark asked.
"It's between six and eight weeks. This camp is so crowded, they have to keep pushing people through. It can be longer during the winter months." The matron took a drag off her cigarette. "If you screw up, they put you back in sex hell." She pointed over her shoulder at the monolith we had just come from. "Returning there wouldn't be fun, we're so overbooked that I'm not sure where they would put you. Relax, this part of the program is nude summer camp with benefits and you're already dressed for it. I know you two like each other, but the psychologists like to see campers experimenting with other partners. So have sex out on the beach with new partners. There's cameras everywhere, save the tender moments for yourselves in bed in the evening."
She showed us our room.
I turned to Mark. "Could you leave us for a moment?"
Mark nodded with a frown on his face and left.
"That couple who came to our room a couple nights ago, their names were Jean and Ray." I looked at the floor for effect. "Ray got rough with me."
I looked up into the matron's face. She didn't look happy.
"Did that son-of-a-bitch rape you?"
I got the distinct impression that there had been other incidents.
I pursed my lips and shook my head. "He got rough. If you want to see what happened, review the tape. I don't think he should be allowed out in the general population."
She lit a cigarette. "Honey, do you want to file a complaint?"
I shook my head. "He's the kind of man who will hurt someone if he isn't reined in. He needs to be watched."
"Honey, you can be assured that the tape will be reviewed, and he will be called to accounts. We do not tolerate anything like that around here."
When she left, I walked out the front door to find Mark sitting on a bench.
"Your matron friend stormed past me like she was on a mission." He pointed to her golf cart climbing the hill back to the main building. What did you say?"
I sat beside him. "I told her about how rough Ray was with me. She got pretty upset like this wasn't the first time someone complained."
Mark chuckled. "You got his ass fired." He thought for a minute. "Are you angry with me about anything? Do I need to treat you nicer?"
I punched him on the arm. "You are such a goof ball. No, I'm not mad at you. Even if I was, I would much prefer fighting with you and then making up." I nuzzled in next to him. "Especially the making up." I stroked his dick and got the expected result.
I asked a couple walking past where we could find our house counselor so we could check in. They pointed out a lady sunning herself around the side of the building.
"I'm guessing the dress code is informal." I nodded at her nude, oiled body.
Beth, our counselor, grinned. "Most campers don't wear anything when they're on the beach though some wear clothing for dinner. It's up to you." She tilted her head. "Would you like a tour?"
I shook my head. "Don't bother, we'll figure it out."
She looked at my pale skin and ginger hair. "Before you go out, I'd slather myself with sunscreen. You'll find a big bottle of it on the shelf in the community bathroom. A sun hat wouldn't hurt either, there's a couple hanging on the wall in the common room."
After a mutual slathering that was much more thorough and longer than necessary, Mark and I ventured out to explore our new environment. I wore a white floppy sun hat accessorized my pale complexion quite nicely. "I look like an albino."
Marked laughed. "If anyone makes fun of you, send them to me."
Mark grew quiet as we walked to the beach. He stopped in the path and faced me. "I don't know that I want to have sex with other women."
I turned and stroked his cheek. "Aww, you're sweet."
"Look if I have to have sex with another girl, could you select her for me? I have no luck myself. I always end up liking women who can't stand me."
We stopped at the edge of the water after crossing a broad beach of white sand. Between twenty and thirty campers lay about allowing their nude oiled bodies to soak up sun. More than a few heads raised to check out the new meat among them. Further down the beach, a couple seemed to be either wrestling or making love. It's hard to tell from a distance.
"I'll choose your partner if you want me to, do you want to choose mine?"
He shook his head. "Women are better at this stuff than men are." He scanned the beach. "There's a lot of good looking guys out here. That worries me."
I patted his cheek. "I'm taller that three quarters of them. That scares most of them. The rest are either gay or have a better looking partner than me. You have me for the duration whether you want me or not."
We kissed and spent the rest of the morning checking out the canoes, the fishing gear, the volleyball sand pit, the library, and the counseling staff. People expressed their enthusiasm about this camp/ nudist resort. Looking around, I had to agree. It was more like a nudist resort than a prison even if they were holding us against our will.
At lunch we shared a picnic table with an interesting couple. Cindy was tall and athletic. There wasn't much fat on her, but she had a nice shape with long legs, a firm little ass, and a model's shoulders. She was a little small in the bust department, but her enthusiasm for sex bubbled out of her. Her best feature was her genuine smile. It lit up her face making her far prettier.
Her partner, Dave, was a bear of a guy with broad shoulders, a deep chest, and powerful legs. He looked like a full-back, but with the myopic stare of an introverted bibliophile. It was almost as if God had assembled him out of left over parts after he had spent the day making football players and accountants. When he talked, you realized that he was smart and very well read. He wasn't showy at all, it sort of oozed out of him as part of his personality.
Mark and Cindy took to each other with a magnetic click. Their attraction was mutual and instantaneous. It was also very obvious to Dave and me.
We walked down to the beach after lunch.
"I love playing volleyball." Mark squinted across the field where the net hung between two posts over the sand.
"Would you like to play this afternoon? There's usually a game before dinner."
"I'd love to." Mark looked to me like he wanted my permission.
Cindy jumped in. "Would you like to play, Amy?"
I looked down at my breasts. "The last thing I need are these babies bouncing around beating me to death. Ask me again when I have a sports bra. You two go, enjoy yourselves."
After they had gone, I smiled at Dave. "I'm not trying to control him. He asked me to select the women he would have sex with. He says he's miserable at it. You don't have to worry about Cindy. Mark is a true gentleman."
"I'm more interested in you," he eyed me like I was a curious specimen. "You strike me as a lot smarter than you present yourself. I'm wondering why that is."
"First of all, it's easier to get along with people when they think you're pretty average in the smarts department. Secondly, I'm not about to let our fellow campers know that this whole deprogramming idea is nothing but a street hustle."
Dave nodded. "That's very smart of you. I've concluded the same thing." He paused a moment peering at me closely. "You know they're going to screw."
I nodded. "I hope so. Cindy seems nice and I know that Mark is. I'm pretty sure we have to screw a few other people before they let us out of here. I'm guessing that it's part of our 'deprogramming'. Cindy is the perfect woman for him. As long as she isn't gay."
"She isn't. I don't know what happened to get her here. She gets a weepy when I ask her about it."
"Well, I'm not gay, and Mark isn't." I smiled at him. "If it's not too personal, what about you?"
"Until I'm convinced that you're not a management spy, let's say that I'm a reformed gay person."
I had to chuckle. "Well, what were you before they fixed you?"
He groaned. "Pick another verb besides 'fixed'. It conjures up dogs and cats coming home from the vet a little lighter than when they left."
He shifted in his chair.
"Okay, which side of the street did you walk before they successfully deprogrammed you?"
He made a tomahawk chop with his hand. "I used to walk down the middle of that road. I was a bisexual, but I'm cured now and am as hetero as every guy in the armed services is." He licked his lips to keep from smiling.
"I can see the advantage of being bi. It doubles the size of the dating pool."
Our walk had carried us up the beach to where the sunning chairs were. I laid back displaying my parts to anyone who cared to look.
"One goal I have is to get enough sun to make my freckles run together," I pointed at my chest. "That's my only choice as a freckled redhead to look like I have a tan."
I closed my eyes. Dave was ogling me, and I liked it. I was a bit of an exhibitionist after all. I reached down and scratched my bush to draw his eyes to it.
"I'm thinking about shaving myself bare down there like everyone else around here."
A low chuckle escaped Dave. "A true exhibitionist would never shave that ginger tuft. There aren't many redheads out there where the carpet matches the drapes. Why demote yourself from extraordinary to ordinary."
"So you think I'm an exhibitionist?" I kept my eyes closed.
"I know you are, my dear. It's not a question of 'if', it's more a question of how far you're willing to go with your little sexual kink."
I smiled and drew light circles on my nipples with my fingers without opening my eyes. The warm sun felt especially good on my breasts and vagina. I found it stimulating.
"Am I getting noticed?" I asked Dave.
Dave patted my hand making my breast jiggle. "I'd say half of the guys sunning themselves are ogling you right now. Most of them are wondering how a queer like me landed a hot babe like you."
I gave him my most satisfied smile. "Then no, I will not go any farther with my sexual kink."
"I could rub oil all over you. That could really get the guys going. Personally, I wouldn't mind it either."
I shook my head, "I'm good. The oil will only dissolve the sun screen."
"Could you oil me up?"
I sat up, grabbed the suntan oil, and slathered it over his shoulders and back. Next, I did his hairy ass followed by hairy legs. "I'm not sure the sun can get through your pelt to your skin."
He rolled over onto his back. "Does my body hair gross you out?"
"Not in the least, but you seem a little sensitive about it so I'll stop teasing you."
Mark and Cindy returned before dinner with fresh-fucked grins painted on their faces.
"Did you two ever find a volleyball game?" I asked as Mark settled into a nearby chair.
"We never did find anyone to play with, so we had to play with ourselves." Mark wiggled his eyebrows at the double entendre.
Cindy lowered her head and suppressed a smirk as a blush covered her face, neck, and chest. Mark sat on the chaise longue, spread his legs, and Cindy sat between them. He grabbed her hips and pulled her to him. A twinge of jealousy registered in my brain, but I would have my way with him this evening.
"While Cindy and I were making love in the grass over by the volleyball court, I got an idea on how we could get out of here in a few days."
I sat up. "Please tell me."
"It's going to take some sacrifice on the part of you women to make it work." Mark leaned forward in conspiratorial mode. "We need to convince the management that the women are being turned into sex addicts by the program. A few days of the women taking on multiple partners out in the open should do it. Women professing that the program turned them into nymphomaniacs would have to be bad for business."
"You've got the start of a good idea, but I think it only gets the girls sent home. We need something that gets management nervous about the whole camp," Dave bit his lip. "Let me think about it for a while."
After dinner, Mark and Cindy went off to play strip volleyball. The losers of two out of three games had to spend the rest of the evening as the winner's slaves. Neither looked unhappy at the prospect.
I walked with Dave down the beach. When we had gotten as far away from the crowd as we could, Dave stopped. His hand slipped over my shoulder. In the failing light I could tell that he was looking out to sea.
"Do you think we should have sex?"
"Yes." I squeezed his hand.
"Why?"
"I like you in particular, and I appreciate large men in general. They're gentle because they have to be. Besides, they have nothing to prove. They're big and strong, and know that they're men. In addition to that, you're so furry that making love to you has to be like making love to a teddy bear."
He chuckled. "I see you've thought about this. I'm pretty average as a lover. If you want incredible sex, you're better off with Mark. A guy with a swimmer's stamina has to be good in bed."
"What I have with Mark is pretty good, but I need to know what other men have to offer." I slipped my arm around his waist. "So come on, big boy, do me. You know management is gathering around the surveillance monitor right now betting on whether we'll do it."
I wrapped my arms around him and buried my face into his furry chest.
"Mmmmm. You smell lovely." I looked up at him. "Has anyone told you that you smell like butter?"
He shook his head. "I thought I was putting on my maple syrup after shave this morning, sorry," He frowned at me. "Are you sure you want to make love to this wreck of a human?"
In response, I stroked his erection. It was about as long as Mark's, but thicker. He was circumcised, and to me it looked like his penis was wearing Darth Vader's helmet. I could feel his heartbeat in my hand.
"You certainly know how to persuade a guy to have sex with you." Then he scrunched up his face and moaned.
"Let's find a place to make love." I looked around and only saw sand.
"How about here on the sand?"
"Not on your life, big guy. It might be fine for you, but you'd be amazed where a woman finds sand afterwards."
He made a vague gesture to a copse of trees. "How about there on the grass."
I tugged him along by his dick up the hill. He gladly followed. I laid him down on the turf and straddled him at the hips. He cupped my breasts in his huge hands as I centered his shaft on my vaginal lips and then settled onto his hips as my weight drove his member deep into my moist folds. I smiled as he stretched me in a very pleasant way that made me tingle without even moving. Even as my flesh yielded, my pelvic muscles contracted around him sending a thrill through my body. I hadn't had a long cock yet, but I certainly appreciated his thicker one.
"Oh my, you feel good." I grabbed his face, bent down and planted a quick kiss on his lips.
My hands found the center of his chest, and I rocked forward and back. The first tiny movements built into me spearing myself on him as he thrust up to meet my downward plunge. I tried to slow down, but found I could not overcome the delightful contractions radiating from my hips to the rest of my body. I quivered with ecstacy. Suddenly he grabbed me by my hips and held me to his groin as he pulsed into me. That lovely, warm sensation threw me into a rapturous orgasm. Not as strong as the ones I got with Mark, but warm and pleasant, yummy all the same.
I collapsed on top of him panting. Riding a man cowboy style took a lot of work, but I did like being in control of my own orgasm.
"You certainly make a compelling case for me going hetero," he said between pants. "I'd say this was the best conversion therapy that I've experienced on this island."
"Are you telling me that I screw pretty good for a girl?"
His deep chuckle made me bob up and down on his stomach.
He reached down and squeezed my naked ass.
"Honey, I'm telling you what you did to me was epic."
I rolled off him and stood. Then I pulled him to his feet.
I brushed sand off my legs and ass. "We're a little sticky and there's nothing to clean up with."
Dave pointed down to the water.
"Why don't we rinse off in the water, then I guess we join everyone else around the campfire."
"They'll know what we've been doing."
Dave chuckled. "The idea of walking into the campfire arm in arm with a lover turns you on, doesn't it?"
"It really does. I won't deny it." A tingle shot through me as I visualized us walking into the light of the fire. I really was an exhibitionist.
I was a little disappointed when we got back to the fire and found about a third of the camp naked and far to stimulated to pay any attention to us. The losers from the volleyball games were performing requests for the winners. Mark looked busy keeping the winning women happy. His job was to have the women sit on his lap and for him to say, "Honey I love you, but I just can't smile." without laughing. He looked to be zero for ten attempts. His punishment when he failed was to kiss other women and other personal services.
Neither Mark no I wanted to have sex that evening. It seemed our first day at the nudist camp had been a successful one. I was sure another box had been checked off both of our forms.
The following morning Mark and I sat with Dave and Cindy at breakfast. The cafeteria was little more than a roof supported by posts throughout the building. It looked like there might be grooves for putting up panels in cooler weather, but the shelter was wide open now. We were naked like ninety percent of the people scattered about the tables.
"I truly think we can force them to send us home any time we choose." Mark took a sip of coffee. "I've got an angle that I think might work. What would happen if we had a campwide orgy some evening?"
"Since they warned us about it before they turned us loose here, I have to say that the offenders would be taken back to the prison." Dave motioned toward the building we had been released from a few days earlier.
"The matron who drove us out here in a golf cart said that the place was full up. If they're booked that solid, they wouldn't have a place to put any of the offenders especially if there was a whole bunch of them. So what could they do with us?" I speared a couple more chunks of the tropical fruit salad sitting in a bowl at the table.
Dave bit his thumb and stared at the fruit bowl deep in thought. "This unit here is at capacity. That means for every person coming out of our former prison, one person must graduate from the program.
He squinted at the big building that housed the administration and the inmates for the first couple of weeks. "Let's see. There are three wings with ten rooms housing ten couples. That would be sixty people. Our little slice of heaven back here contains six buildings housing twenty couples to a building for a total of one hundred twenty couples. If we assume that the average stay for most couples is two weeks in the first building, it means that fifteen couples are moved back here each week which means that fifteen couples must leave the program each week to keep people moving through."
"We are three days into a six week stay." I looked around the table to see how everyone reacted to that fact.
"I really like you guys, but I have to tell you, the sooner we get out of here, the sooner I can get back to my life." Cindy grabbed Dave's hand and squeezed it
That drew nods.
"So do we really screw things up so we can get out of here?" Mark looked directly at me.
"I say we do. What do you guys think?" I looked over at Dave and Cindy.
"We have to carefully craft the message we send," Dave toyed with the scrambled eggs on his plate. "We have to get nearly everyone participating in the orgy. If it's only a few of us, they might ship us to a facility on a different island. This only works if they have to contend with the entire camp turning sex crazy. Everyone interviewed has to be on the same message."
"What message would that be?" Cindy asked.
"That their sex therapy turned us on to the joy of open sex with multiple partners, and that we can't wait to get home to tell everyone about the gift that this camp has given us."
"Oh my gosh, wouldn't you love to see the looks on the investor's faces when they hear that they're going to be blamed for turning us all into sex addicts." I couldn't help but imagine the sour looks on the faces of fat middle-aged investors as they realized their money was in peril.
"We need something to get everyone in the mood," Mark snapped his fingers. "How about a masquerade beach party? We could get everyone to either body paint themselves up or make masks. The anonymity allows people to do things they normally would not do."
It took us three days to set our plan in motion. Mark and Cindy recruited people while Dave and I honed the details. It took a while to get everyone on the same page so the same story came out when it came time for them to tell the powers that be what happened.
I hooked up with a few people to get them to agree to participate. I wasn't happy about it, but if it got me out any quicker, I was all for it. When I totaled it up at the end of the third day, I had hooked up with ten guys. Mark was still my favorite, but I did enjoy experiencing different love making techniques. It wasn't about the orgasm with Mark. It was about the connection we made. There was nothing better than resting my head on Mark's shoulder after we had made love. I felt safe, and warm, and appreciated with him.
The night before our planned orgy, Mark and I climbed into bed early. A sadness hung over us as we each plumbed our feelings for each other.
Mark rolled on on his shoulder and kissed me. It was a sweet kissed filled with longing as if he already missed me.
I lay on his shoulder and stroked his face. "What are we going to do without each other?"
"I've never had a relationship with the a woman like I've had with you. I know it was about sex at first, but it's turned into a deep regard and maybe even love. I'm going to miss the talks, and the cuddling as much as I'm going to miss the sex."
"We can't love. You and I both have to finish high school, go to college, graduate and start careers before we even think about marriage."
He stroked my body more for closeness than for stimulation. "Then what can we do?"
"We can say goodbye," I kissed him long and slow. I then sat up. "My goal tonight is to make our goodbye as memorable as possible. Now, how do we begin?"
"Just hold me."
I draped myself over him trying to get as much skin contact as I could while he used his hands to stroke my back and bottom. "Did you get jealous when I made love to Cindy?" he asked out of the blue.
I was truthful. "I did, but you enjoyed it so much that I couldn't get mad at you. She's a great girl and you two seem made for each other."
"I was okay when you made love to Dave because of him being gay and all, but I didn't like it much when you made love to those other guys." He sat up and turned to me. "I know I'm supposed to want to screw everything in sight at my age, but down deep, I only wanted to be with you."
I pulled him to me and kissed him. "You're going to make a great husband someday. Hold out for a woman that deserves you." When I stroked his face, I came across a tear.
"I want you to make love to me now." I pulled him to me.
Our love was slow and languid. Was it the greatest sex I have ever had? No, it was better. It was about saying goodbye and missing him even as he lay in my arms. It was about me ingraining in my memory the feel of his hand on my breast, and the passionate insistence of his lips on mine. Our love was special because we knew it would be our last.
The day of the party we requested and got a few speakers and a list of tapes that management didn't find too provocative. I spent the hours before sunset preparing myself. I opted for face paint rather than a mask. I was going to be far too busy to have to contend with a mask. I gave myself Cleopatra eyes with heavy blue eyeshadow and black eye liner. Then with Cindy's help, I used green body paint to cover myself from head to foot.
"I"m scared to death about tonight, aren't you?" Cindy asked as she painted my breasts.
I nodded. "I'm a bit scared about having sex with strangers. I don't think I could do it if Mark wasn't there to keep me safe."
"I feel the same way. Even with Dave there, I'm not sure I can do it."
She wetted her brush in the paint. "I've only had sex with Dave and Mark. It scares me how guys look at me sometimes."
Picturing multiple men touching my body made my nipples harden. A part of me that had no problem with what we were planning to do.
"I'm hoping that we don't have to screw many guys. I'm guessing that once we set the tone, lust will take over and everyone will get into the act." That's what I said, and I may have actually believed it in the rational part of my brain, but another part of me got moist thinking about the night's activities. I used to be a good, morally upright girl. What the heck had happened to me?
When I was done, I applied a harlequin pattern to Cindy with the right side of her body red and the left white. I noticed when I got to her pussy that she was dewy too. I wasn't the only one excited by and dreading the evening's activities. After the paint had dried, we went looking for the boys.
We came upon Mark painting Dave's ass brown.
"What are you going as?" Cindy asked.
Dave held up a piece of driftwood. "I'm going as a caveman. This is my club, and Mark is painting my hips to look like I'm wearing an animal skin."
Cindy grabbed his dick. "You keep that paint free if you want any attention from me tonight. I don't want body paint where the sun don't shine."
"What are you going as?" I asked Mark.
"I'm whiting out my entire body and going as a Greek statue."
He struck a pose as if he were about to throw a discus.
"Very impressive, but the same goes for you. If you want to party with me tonight, you'll keep Mr. Happy paint free." I gave his dick a friendly tap.
Mark stroked his chin then pointed at me, "Orion slave girl or the Grinch?"
I nodded and did a spin. "Slave girl, silly. I thought you might like this costume since you're a geek at heart."
"I love it. I wish I could take pictures. Have you any idea what street cred I could get from having a picture of you standing beside me? My uber geek friends would go nuts."
An hour later as the sun drifted below the horizon, the heavy beat coming from the speakers announced that the party. Dave and Mark stood naked to the world ready for the night's festivities while Cindy and I slid on our slips.
"Why are you wearing those?" Dave asked. "The first thing you're going to do is take them off."
I stroked his cheek. "A woman chooses the time and place of her dramatic unveiling."
"You ready?" Mark asked.
I inhaled and blew out through pursed lips, "Ready."
We walked to the blazing bonfire on the beach.
There were a few masks, but most people had chosen body paint. In the fire light we looked like an Amazon tribe collecting for a tribal dance. A few women danced in the fire light, but most people hovered in the 'not quite ready to party' state.
I dragged Cindy into the fire light and began dancing with her. After a minute or two, I crossed my hands in front of me and teased like I was going to pull off my slip. That raised a cheer from Dave, Mark, and a couple other guys standing with them. A little bit later I raised the hem again eliciting a larger cheer from more guys. I turned my back to them and shook a tail feather at them. Finally, after I had gotten a considerable portion of the guys looking on, I whipped the slip off and threw it to the ground to the cheers and whistles of the guys. Next I danced over to Cindy and whipped her slip off over her head. The guys went wild.
Most of the women dancing around the fire were watching us. A few whipped their slips off to get the male attention back on them. Before long, most of the women were dancing naked. When a new song started, I pulled Mark into the circle and began dirty dancing with him occasionally grabbing his hardening cock and shaking my ass at him suggestively.
When I looked around, I could see women copying me. Women were jumping into their guy's arms wrapping their legs around the guy's hips. In one case a woman was bent over taking it from behind.
It was time for step two. I dropped to my knees and motioned Mark to dance over where I took him into my mouth, taking him deep as I could knowing that I was being watched. Suddenly, I was on fire.
I've never had my hormones take over like that. One second I was in control, and the next I was a wanton creature only interested in fulfilling my sexual urges. I had held back until this point even when I was having sex. All that was gone. I needed a man in me now.
I motioned Dave out, and pointed at my ass. He dropped to the ground and drove his thick dick deep into my folds from behind. Mark meanwhile dropped to his knees so that I could continue his blow job. I was spitted between them
Everything went crazy. Wherever I looked couples, trios, and whole daisy chains writhed deep in lust around the camp fire. I couldn't watch because right about then, Dave moistened one of his fingers and shoved it into my ass up to the first knuckle. A thunderous orgasm rolled through me. My spasming pussy set Dave off pumping deep into me while my moaning made Mark pulse into my mouth and throat.
I had never experienced anything like that before. The pulsing in my mouth and vagina merged into a single pulsing dick that took over my entire body. I could not tell where I left off and the guys began.
When we were done, I motioned Cindy to lie down in the sand where I invited Mark, Dave and a couple of men and women standing by to stroke her lovely body anywhere they wanted as Cindy lay there with her eyes closed.
After a minute of so, Cindy shuddered, then reached over and pulled Mark into a deep kiss. Then she did the most amazing thing. She took Mark and Dave's dicks in both hands and attempted to give them a simultaneous blow job. When that didn't work, she motioned for Dave to lay on the ground. She then mounted him cowboy style and pointed for me to sit on his face. When Dave gave me the okay, I complied and was treated to Dave's talented tongue splitting my hungry vagina. Cindy then reached over and pulled Mark between us straddling Dave. She then took him into her mouth while I nibbled on that delicious ass of his.
Dave bucked so hard when he came that he almost threw me and Cindy off.
We started a competition where group after group turned into writhing masses seeking satisfying combinations. Mark and I spent the rest of the evening watching all the interesting activities going on around us. I never thought I would see a guy trying to stick his tongue into a girl's butt. It happened. There was also the guy sucking on a woman's toes. I don't think I could get into having my toes sucked, but then he kissed up her quivering thigh giving the woman a mind blowing orgasm. I guess it makes sense somehow.
Eventually, Cindy and Dave joined us sitting on the log watching the orgasmic activities around us.
"How was your evening?" I asked Cindy.
"How did you know my secret fantasy was to have many hands stroking my naked body?" she asked with a smile.
I shrugged. "You looked lonely standing there. It seemed like a good idea to surround you with as many loving people as possible."
"I can't even tell you the mind blowing orgasm that gave me. When it was over, all I wanted was to get Dave and Mark as close to me as I could," she threw her arm around me and gave me a hug. "Thank you for knowing what I truly wanted."
The party was winding down, and people wandered in pairs back to their beds.
"The showers will be full of people trying to wash off body paint," Dave pointed out into the surf. "Let's get the paint off out here. By the time we wander back to our building, the showers will probably be empty."
We spent the next half hour lolling in the surf dissolving the paint off. When we returned to our building, there was room in the shower and we enjoyed the mutual soaping of each other's bodies.
Then we dragged our tired bodies into bed and slept the sleep of the formerly innocent.
The next day started placidly. We had a quiet breakfast and spent the morning lolling in the sun waiting for the hammer to drop on us. After lunch, the skinny matron with the weird dyed hair walked up to me as I wading into the surf for a swim.
"Amy, the psychologist wants to talk with you. Grab you cover and come with me."
I shook my head. "I'll go like this," I gestured at my naked body.
She eyed me carefully. "He won't like it."
"I'm not sure why. Seems like this camp is all about keeping us as naked as possible."
I climbed into her golf cart and waited as she climbed in. I waved to Mark, Dave and Cindy pretty sure that I would never see them again. Then we were off.
"That orgy you pulled off last night has got management in an uproar. You better be ready for a shit storm because it's coming your way."
I turned to her. "How can you work for these people? They're torturing gay people so they can extract money from their parents. I'm not gay, and this camp has been a slow torture. I can't even imagine what they're doing to the gays."
She looked at me for a long time as if she was deciding something. I was beginning to worry we would run into a rock or a tree. "Look, there's nothing I can tell you now, but if I can find my way to get to you this evening, I'd like to tell you a few things. Now be quiet, you will be monitored from this point on."
We entered through a chain link gate that opened in front of us, and from there I was whisked into the psychologist's office.
As I came in and sat down, he, as usual, had his nose buried deep in my file. When he looked up, he frowned at me.
"Where are your clothes?"
"I don't need them. Do you?"
He stood and crossed over to the door. "Stacy, could you please bring Amy a slip?"
"I won't wear it."
"Why not?"
The real reason was I wanted him off balance and uncomfortable.
"I like the way you look at me." I wiggled my shoulders knowing the effect it would have on my breasts. It worked because he had a hard time looking at my face.
"We told you not to engage in group sex. Why did you violate the rules?"
I crossed my legs, and then recrossed them. He had a very hard time deciding between my crotch and my breasts.
"Because this camp opened me up to sexual joys that I never knew existed. I came here a virgin, and you've turned me into a woman who enjoys a man between her legs several times a day. The next step was to take on multiple men."
I gave him my best sultry smile. "I can hardly wait to get home and tell everyone what you did for me. You know what the inmates call this place? Camp Fuckmore."
He turned pale. "You, of course, will sign a non-disclosure agreement before you leave the island. If you talk, we will sue."
I shrugged, "You've got other things to worry about."
"Like what?"
"I'm not the only one who participated in multiple sex. Last night I counted ten other girls taking on more than one partner. Are you going to isolate all of them?"
He smiled. "That is our plan."
Then you'll have all those formerly gay guys out there with no female partners. That could lead to all sorts of problems."
"We have plenty of other women we can bring out there."
"Who'll be told the minute they get out there that the easiest way to get off this island is to fuck your way off." I leaned forward allowing my breasts to wiggle a bit. "Your only option is to send everyone home who's out at the resort end of the island. Otherwise, this problem will come up again and again."
He turned even paler.
The door opened and the matron handed me a slip. I stood, pulled it over my head, realized it was far too small, as usual, and removed it before sitting down again.
"Why did you take it off?" The psychologist asked.
"It doesn't fit." I held it over me. "See, it's not wide enough."
I set it on the floor.
The psychologist shuffled my papers and slid them back into my file. "Don't worry about your friends. They're not in trouble, you are, and we're going to isolate you until we figure out what to do with you."
He stood, and opened the door. "Stacy, please take Amy to the isolation unit."
We said nothing until the golf cart passed through the final gate and turned down a seldom used two track through the jungle.
"Where are you taking me?"
"There's an abandoned compound on the island that used to be a medical school. They've prepared a classroom to be your holding facility. You'll be out there with a few other people."
She stopped the golf cart in the middle of the pathway.
"Look, I think we can help each other. I'm a reporter for a major news network. It's taken a while to get me placed down here so I can research what they're doing. If I get a camera to you this evening, do you think you could recount on camera what they've done to you since you've been on the island?"
"I'd love to."
We resumed our drive to the medical school which consisted of quonset huts with jungle growing right up to their foundations. Stacy showed me to a classroom, escorted me in and locked the door. The air and the water was on, and they even had a bed roll laying on the desk at the front of the classroom. The bathroom consisted of a sink and a toilet. It wasn't a five star hotel, but it wasn't a Russian gulag either. I grabbed a moldy book on tropical skin diseases from the bookcase, and settled back for a long wait.
What felt like a very long time later, I could tell that the sun was setting by peeking through a crack in the shutters on one of the windows. Shortly after that, a golf cart drove up and then there were voices in the hallway. The voices worked their way down to me. The door opened and Stacy handed me a small basket with my supper inside. Behind her, I saw a guard.
"Here's your food."
She shoved the basket in my hand, stepped back, and closed the door. Their footsteps faded down the hall and silence returned.
I set the basket on the bench at the front of the room and pulled back a napkin to find three pieces of cold pizza and a warm bottle of flavored water. In the napkin that surrounded the silverware, I found a small hand held video camera which I hid in a burned out light fixture in the bathroom.
Later that night when nothing was moving, I set the hand-held camera on the bench, then sat in a chair, and told the story of my arrival, of the lame deprogramming attempts, the encouragement of the program to have lots of heterosexual sex. I told of the orgy and how I ended up in confinement. Finally, I spent a great deal of time telling the camera of my transition from virgin to exhibitionist and possibly a sex addict.
When I was done, I made three copies of the file on memory sticks. The first stick I hid atop the ballast for one of the fluorescent lights in the classroom. The second I taped to my hair clip using an old roll of masking tape that I had found in the desk. I put the clip in my hair and happily discovered that the memory stick looked invisible. I guess there was something to be said for thick, curly hair. The third I kept with the camera to give to Stacy when she came back. I slid the camera and the memory stick into a waterproof pouch I found at the bottom of the basket.
Not long after that I fell asleep. The building grew quiet and even my anxiety couldn't keep me awake.
I awoke to Stacy jabbing me in the arm.
"C'mon, wake up. There's a change in plans."
I scrambled to my feet.
"We have to get out of here. They bugged the golf cart. They know I've been planted here by a news organization, and they know I've been talking to you. We leave now."
"I can't. What about my friends?"
"They'll be okay. Once you're gone, they'll have to treat them nicely because their story will be out." I grabbed the video cam which I gave to her and we left.
I followed her out to her golf cart. "You need to make your way down to the beach," she pointed down a dark trail that headed toward the sound of the surf. "I'm going to drive this golf cart to the employees quarters, pull off the location transmitter, and then return. Hide on the beach. Don't come out until you see three short bursts with my flashlight and then one long one."
She climbed into the golf cart and drove off leaving me alone and naked in the jungle. I crept down the trail shuddering each time I walked into a spider web across the path. There was no light. All that kept me on the trail was the faint phosphorescence of the white coral sand against the dark leaves covering everything else. When I heard things moving in the underbrush, I stopped to make sure it wasn't men creeping through the jungle. After what seemed like hours, I broke through the last of the undergrowth and stepped out onto a beach that curved out of sight to my left and right. I moved ten yards down the beach where I sat against the undergrowth that marked the edge of the beach. From there, I could step into jungle if anyone came down the beach looking for me.
After a while, I heard a buzzing coming across the water. Eventually, I saw a boat silhouetted against the slightly less black horizon. Dawn was coming.
I fretted about where Stacy was and how we were going to get to the boat.
A person walked out on the beach; I held my breath then the signal came. Three short and one long on the flashlight. I got up and walked over to her.
"I'm so glad you made it. There's guards combing the island. Have you seen anyone?"
"No, it's been quiet here," I whispered and pointed out to sea. "There's a boat out there."
"That means we better get going. They haven't gotten here yet."
She called the boat on her satellite phone, and soon we saw a rubber raft moving toward us. About then we saw flashlights moving up the beach toward us.
"What do we do?" I wanted Stacy to have all the answers.
Stacy shrugged. "We swim."
Stacy stripped down bare and threw her clothing into the jungle. We waded into the low surf. Fortunately, I was a quiet night with hardly any wind. The bottom dropped off gradually, and a hundred yards out when I turned around in chest deep water, I saw that the flashlights and the guards had passed where we were standing and continued down the shore.
A few minutes later, the rubber raft from the boat picked us and paddled us to safety aboard the larger boat.
One of the men found me a shirt to wear which I was thankful for. The breeze was cool on the open water.
Things accelerated a blur after that. In my suitcase stored at the hotel, I found a note from my parents along with a credit card instructing me to order plane tickets from their travel agent and come home. Instead, I opted to stay with Stacy and fly directly to Miami and their station affiliate where I told my story yet again.
It was harder getting used to clothing than I thought it would be. I still haven't gotten over the feeling of freedom that comes from being unbounded by clothing.
The scandal held the nation's attention for weeks. The camp tried suing my parents, but it was dismissed in court. Our counter suit wasn't. They ended up paying for my college when they discovered that the ACLU had filed a brief hinting at constitutional issues regarding slavery.
When it all settled down, I returned for my senior year to a new high school as person with very adult desires in an adolescent setting. The island had changed me. The teenage things I was supposed to be excited about meant nothing. Cheerleading seemed silly. My boyfriend dropped me as soon as I got home at the direction of his parents. That was okay since I would have scared him, and he probably couldn't be discreet anyway. The senior prom, Homecoming, football games, and senior pictures were lame. Most of it I went through because it meant so much more to my mother than it did to me.
I did find a discreet partner, but that is another whole story.
College was better after I found a house where the rule was no clothing. By law school, I had settled down a bit, and a couple years after that I married and became a minivan driving suburban mom.
So why have I written this? I know nothing of what happened to Mark, or Cindy, or Dave. I want to know that they're well and happy. I want to know how they integrated back into civilized life, and I need to know if their stay on the island marked them as it has me. So, if any of you read this, leave me a message.