Full Disclosure
Cards on the table
"Honey, I'm home!" Cate bellowed. It was her standard corny greeting when entering the house.
Tom was standing at the kitchen island chopping vegetables as his wife kicked off her shoes and hung up her bag by the door. He put down the knife and met his wife halfway, wrapped her in a loving hug and gave her a long, lingering kiss. When the kiss broke he held her at arm's length, looked deep into her eyes, and asked, "So, how was your day my love?"
"It was just extraordinary," she replied with a big smile.
She took his hand and led him to the couch where they sat side by side. She put her phone on the table, tucked her legs under her and snuggled in tight up against him. Tom put his arm around her neck and draped his hand over her shoulder to dangle lightly over her breast.
"Extraordinary, huh? I see. That's good to hear. And how was your massage?"
"It was fine," she said softly.
"Just fine? That's it?"
"What do you want me to tell you?"
"Everything of course. Spare no detail," answered Tom, pulling her in a little tighter to his side. "I have thought of nothing else all day."
"Well, I did as you requested. I asked for a full nude massage and he agreed to it with no reluctance. He'd done it before with other clients but not the way I suggested. I told him that I didn't want him to use the drape and to use just a single towel to cover my pelvis. I stripped my dress off and stood there naked in front of him for a moment, letting him see me fully nude before getting on the table and lying on my stomach. He draped a small towel over my ass but then I decided I wanted him to do my front first. I think I shocked him a bit when I flipped over and discarded the towel completely. I displayed myself brazenly, closing my eyes and letting him get a good look at my body. I felt so daring and it excited me to know he could see everything. I was totally exposed to him and I knew this was exactly what you wanted to happen. I felt vulnerable, and yet somehow powerful.
"He started on my feet and I knew that my pussy was not very far from his face as he was working on me. My legs were open slightly so obviously he could see my slit. The fact that he was able to just stare at my cunt if he wanted to was thrilling to me. He massaged up and down my legs, his strong hands working my muscles. He paid lots of attention to my calves and thighs, moving his hands ever further upwards and closer to my pussy. He is very good at his job and my skin tingled with the contact. I could feel the warmth of his fingertips as they approached my cunt but they never even grazed me. I was a little disappointed to tell the truth as I was already getting hot and bothered from his touch. I kept my eyes shut so that he could look all he wanted without the awkwardness he would have felt if we made eye contact. He had to have known that I wanted him to look. It was so obvious that I was exhibiting myself to him.
"I asked him to do my stomach and mons and he worked on them in that order. He rubbed oil into my belly for a bit and then put pressure on my mound as he began to massage it as well. I'm sure he could see my tingling clit peeking out from under its hood and I wondered if his finger might just slip 'accidentally' and give it a nudge. Unfortunately that didn't happen but I really wished it would have. He moved his hands to my sides and started running them up and down between my body and my arms. My tits had puddled off to the sides of my chest and were kind of resting a little on my biceps. When he ran his hands under them they lifted up a bit and then dropped back into place. It felt really good and I found myself mentally urging him on to grab my boobs. I knew my nipples must be popping because they were starting to ache. I could feel my little cunt starting to moisten.
"Are you enjoying the story, baby? Am I telling it okay? Should I keep going? she asked teasingly.
"Yes, I am. Very much so. And you're telling it beautifully. Please don't stop. Keep going. I'm fucking loving this," he replied in a quiet voice.
"Well, then here's where it gets even more interesting. He moved around to the top of the table so he could lean over to do my boobs and I honestly couldn't wait. His hands massaged and squeezed and kneaded my tits and it felt so good that I wished it would never stop. At one point he circled the base of one of my breasts with both hands like he was strangling it, moved a little too close, and bumped my head with his cock. It felt so hard baby. He was getting as turned on as I was, just like you knew he would. He apologized for the accident and I told him it was okay. He said I was beautiful and that massaging me was getting him excited. I assured him that it was all good and I was glad I was having that effect on him. I told him that it made me proud."
"I can understand why he'd say that and why he would get so excited for you." said Tom quietly, his voice a husky whisper. "It sounds like you were enjoying yourself and really getting into it."
"Oh, I was. No question. I was totally giving up control to my libido. I would have asked him to slap my tits if I didn't think he'd balk at the idea. I just needed more sensation and you know how much I love it when you wollop my boobs. So instead I asked him to pay some attention to my nipples. He started drawing little circles on them and I told him to pinch them. Hard. He took my direction to heart and started pinching them, squeezing them and pulling on them. He used them to move my tits around on my chest and it was starting to make me crazy. When his cock happened to graze me again I said it was time to turn me over so we could do my other side. I flipped over onto my stomach and I guess it was my turn to accidentally on purpose bump his cock with my head. I apologized and told him I hoped it wasn't too uncomfortable for him. You know, sporting a boner like that. His dick felt like iron and I joked he had to be careful with that thing. I bet it was leaking into his shorts like yours does when I tease you.
"Anyway, he spent a fair amount of time on my back and shoulders and I was afraid the clock was going to run out before he could do my ass and legs so I suggested we move on to those. As soon as he put his hands on my ass and started kneading my cheeks I could feel my pussy start to really leak. Not just get dewy but really start to drip. He was pushing my cheeks forward while massaging them and I knew he could see my asshole and my pussy open up every time he pushed. I could feel my cunt get so juicy. He had to have been able to see how wet I was getting. I mean, my snatch was just drooling. So, at that point... um... I..." Cate stopped to take a breath and turned to look into her husband's eyes.
"Go on... I'm sure there's more," Tom said quietly." "It's okay. I want to hear it all."
"At that point, I asked him to do my pussy instead of my legs. I don't think he was too surprised at my request. He knew how turned on I was and I could see from the bulge in his pants that he was as well. His cock looked to be painfully hard to me. Anyway, I spread my legs and rose up on my knees a bit to give him access to my cunt and he began to fondle me. He lightly caressed my folds and explored my opening for a bit. By this time I was leaking like a sieve and was ludicrously horny, so I told him to get to it, and ram his fingers in me and make me cum," Cate explained, huskily. "I was incredibly wound up and needed to orgasm. And soon. This was a side of me he definitely hadn't seen before. I'm sure he thought I was a total slut but I didn't care."
"And did he do as he was told?" Tom asked, rubbing his crotch with one hand while firmly squeezing her boob with the other. He was obviously engrossed and enjoying the story.
"Yes. He did. He pushed what felt like two fingers into my cunt and began sawing them in and out. Quite forcefully. His other hand went to my clit, which by this time was super sensitive, and started rubbing it pretty hard too. I had raised my ass up higher and spread wide to allow him better access and I could feel my juices string down from my snatch to the table. It must have been quite a lewd sight. I only wish you had been there to witness it, my love. I imagined you sitting in the room watching it, playing with your cock."
"Me too. I can see it all in my head. You're describing it so well. And is that when you came?
"Not just then. He was slamming his fingers into me while I pushed my ass against him to match the force of his fingering. And then I felt him take one of his fingers from my cunt and replaced it with another one. He put the one he removed right between my cheeks, right at my back door. I must admit it kind of took me by surprise, you know, he didn't seem like the type. But then I remembered he was educated in anatomy so... I guess I should have known. Just goes to show you, you can't judge a book... and all that. Anyway, he just held it there a moment. I guess he was waiting for a green light to penetrate my asshole, so I just told him to go ahead and stick it in me. I wanted to feel it in my ass."
Tom groaned and roughly mauled her breast. Cate was pleased that her husband was enjoying her story so she reached over to help him rub his crotch, and then continued with her dirty little narrative.
"The finger at my asshole was pretty well lubricated from being in my pussy, so he just slid it into me in one smooth motion. I felt so fucking full. He was finger fucking the shit out of me while I was on my hands and knees. In my cunt and in my ass. I must have looked like a fucking whore with my big ass up in the air and my fat tits hanging down. Then he started slapping my little pebble. It was poking out from its hood and was just begging for a spanking. That did it. I could feel the inside of my cunt swell. It squeezed his fingers so tight that it actually made it difficult for him to jam them in and out of me. But he managed. I kept rocking my butt against him with his fingers buried in my openings and then I simply exploded. My orgasm was so intense that my arms and legs were shaking. I had to tell him to stop. I was afraid I might stroke out. I couldn't take anymore. I thought of you the whole time I was cumming. Fuck baby, I know you would have loved it."
"I would have. That would have been so incredible to see. That went way beyond what I imagined might happen," said Tom wistfully. "Maybe there's some way to arrange it so I can be there to watch next time. That is if you think there could be a next time."
He continued to play with her boob while rubbing his cock through his pants. Her story had the desired effect and he seemed completely at ease with Cate's exhibitionism and sex play. There was no question that it turned him on. He displayed no outward signs of anxiety or jealousy and Cate decided it was time. It was all or nothing. She took a deep breath.
"Well, my love. That wasn't all that happened," Cate said, pulling out the Pop Socket and setting up her phone to face them. "Hit 'PLAY' when you're ready. I want you to see this by yourself. I'll be upstairs waiting for you. Come see me when it's over and we'll talk then."
She leaned over to give her man a long slow kiss and gave his crotch a final loving rub. She then got up from the couch and made her way upstairs.
Tom waited until Cate had disappeared and hit 'PLAY.' The screen came to life and he watched intently as Mitchell and then his wife came into view.
He listened closely to the dialogue between Cate and her friend.
"Are you sure about this? Honestly, you don't have to Cate. You don't owe me a thing. It was an incredible treat to massage you in your birthday suit and making you cum made my day. Fuck, it made my year. It was a pleasure for me to do that and I really hope you enjoyed the release. I don't want you to feel obligated to reciprocate. My erection will go down by itself in due time."
Tom took a deep breath. He watched spellbound as his wife freed Mitchell's erection from his pants. He started to rub his own cock a little more vigorously.
He heard Cate's next comment... "Oh my, that's tasty. And so sweet. And look how hard you are for me. And you have such a beautiful cock!"
It was clear she had gotten a taste of her lover's pre-cum and she was impressed with the penis she had unveiled. She sunk to her knees. As she descended, Tom was able to get a good look at Mitchell's shiny, hard cock. It stood proudly and pointed to the ceiling, ready to disappear into his wife's mouth. Cate enveloped the member and her head began bobbing. He well knew the ecstasy her lover was feeling at that moment. Cate was an accomplished cocksucker. She worked hard at it and took pride in her technique.
Oddly enough, his first emotion wasn't jealousy. It was envy. The memories of when his own cock was capable of rearing its purple head like the one he just saw on the screen were vivid. He longed for the days when he could slam into his wife and pound her into the mattress until they both finished with explosive orgasms. He silently cursed his ED.
Still, she always satisfied him with her incomparable oral skills and he knew she loved his talented tongue and fingers. It looked like she was giving Mitchell the blow job of a lifetime. He wondered what Cate was thinking at that moment. Was she thinking of him? Was she thinking anything at all? Perhaps not. He hoped she was enjoying the sensation of a hard, thick cock sliding over her tongue and banging the back of her throat. It had been awhile for her and he imagined she relished revisiting the experience.
And then he heard... "No baby. Not in my mouth. Not this time," she said, pulling her face off his cock and standing up. "I need you in my cunt! Stick it in me! Fuck me, Mitch! Shove that thing in my pussy! I want you to fuck me!"
He was momentarily in shock. He now knew what it was that his wife was thinking. She was completely overcome with lust. It was uncontrollable. She demanded to get fucked. He watched as she turned around and offered her cunt to her friend. She steadied herself on the table as Mitchell shoved his dick into her moist cunt and began to pound her from behind.
The audio was as stimulating as the video, perhaps more so... "Put it in me! Ram that cock into me, Mitch! I need to feel it in me! Just fuck me hard and cum for me! I want to feel you squirt in me! Use me! Use my cunt! Don't hold back! Just do it!"
Tom gasped. He loved his wife's dirty mouth. Always had. It never failed to help get him off and was a big part of their sex play. Mitchell obeyed her commands. Tom's mouth hung open and he drank in the sight of his wife getting railed by her masseur. She was bent over and grunting every time he banged into her. Her friend had his wife by the hair and was pounding into her for all he was worth and she was slamming back to meet his every thrust. She was definitely making the most of the situation and seemed determined to appreciate Mitchell's hard cock to the fullest.
Tom thought that this might be the most erotic thing he had ever seen. It was breathtaking. He mentally traded places with Mitchell and imagined it was he who was banging into his wife. He rubbed himself harder through his pants.
And then he heard Mitchell... "Oh fuck. Here it comes!"
The sight of another man pulling his wife's ass to him and unloading his cum into her took him over the edge. His cock jerked in his pants again and again, shooting his hot, sticky fluid into his shorts as he rubbed it even harder. He stared in awe as Mitchell played with her big hanging tits and continued to vibrate behind Cate. He knew the man's cock was still pumping the last of its load into his wife's welcoming pussy.
Mitchell went to withdraw from her but she stopped him saying... "No. Don't. Stay in me until you soften. I want to enjoy that hardness for another minute or two. It makes me feel so full. So stuffed and so stretched. That was lovely. Thank you for the massage, the taste of your beautiful cock, and the fabulous fuck. I hope I can afford to pay whatever the extra charge is."
Tom now felt the tiniest twinge of jealousy but mostly felt happy for his wife and the pleasure she received. It was obvious that she enjoyed the experience and was thrilled to have been thoroughly fucked by a big, hard member, so much so that she wanted it to remain in her for as long as possible. It was clear to him that she did in fact miss getting pounded by a rock solid cock even if she denied it. He wondered how he was going to approach the conversation with her later. He couldn't be upset. He pushed her into this. It was what he wanted to happen. He wanted her to exhibit herself and then get the thrill of a stiff dick again.
Earlier, when it looked like Mitchell was going to cum in her mouth she said, "No. Not this time."
And then she ended the session with, "See you next Tuesday."
Tom's imagination was now working overtime. He had so many questions for Cate and he wondered, "Was she already planning another rendezvous with the therapist? Is that what she meant by those remarks? She would of course tell him if that were the case; they hid nothing from each other."
He had encouraged her to use the Free Pass and now wondered about the ramifications. Well, he'd get the answers to all these question soon enough.
He had never thought to ask her to film it and was glad that she did. It was obvious that she did it for him. For his enjoyment. He had no idea how he'd feel seeing his wife having sex with another man, and now he knew. The video was so incredibly hot. The sight of her having sex thrilled him. It shouldn't have but it did. And he didn't understand why. He just knew that he was glad she enjoyed her experience with Mitchell and wondered how she felt now that it was over.
This was a lot to process and he was going to have to get his thoughts and emotions together before heading up to speak to Cate.
And he had to change his pants.