Everyone in the story is over 18 years old. Any similarity to persons living or dead is purely coincidental. This story includes scenes of graphic sex needed to further the plot, and should NOT be read by minors or anyone that might be offended by such filth. Do not publish this story anywhere else without the author's permission.
Tags used in this story are: exhibitionism, exhibitionist, creampie, female masturbation, public, public nudity, stranger, teasing, voyeurism, watching.
This story takes up three pages on lit.
Cast:
Cassie: Harold's wife, 5' 6" tall, good figure, 35 years old, shy and reserved.
Harold: Cassie's Husband 37 and 5' 11" tall, dedicated to work, dependable and a little stuffy but with a secret and active fantasy life. 37
xxXXXxx
Cassie was worried, and a little frustrated. She loved her husband, Harold was a nice guy, that's what everyone said, even she did, but he wasn't exciting, and she was tired of making decisions.
From the day they were married, he always deferred to her, in everything. If they were talking about what to have for dinner he would say, 'whatever you like dear'. That was what he said about everything. Even sex, yes she thought to herself, even sex. And that's what caused to her think about this.
A week ago, they had gone to bed together, she had showered earlier and was ready for bed, she put on a sexy nightgown, one she knew he liked, there were clean crisp sheets on the bed, she had kissed and flirted with him all evening. She got into bed before he got out of the shower.
She lay there, with no panties, that should clue him in she thought, she always wore panties, that should have clued her in, she thought later, she never did anything like that before. Why was she suddenly so turned on and wanting sex, usually it was an exercise in tension relief with them and done almost by the numbers.
It hadn't been like that at first, sure they were a little conservative, but there was passion, they were after each other all the time. Then gradually, work, familiarity, even boredom set in. Now they did it once ever three or four weeks, if that. Always the same way.
She hadn't thought about not wearing panties, but as she pulled them out of the drawer she looked at them, then just tossed them onto the bed, then crawled in under the sheets. The frilly panties that matched her shorty nighty lay on top of the covers as if she had pulled them off after she got into bed.
Cassie lay there she was excited, even damp, and she let a finger stray down 'there' and started to caress herself. That was new, she rarely did it, she had been brought up in a strict family and sex was something a woman did for a man, not for herself.
Harold came out of the bathroom in his usual boxers and t-shirt and got into bed beside her. He did notice the panties, she saw him stare, then look at her, his face so blank that she had no idea what he was thinking. Darn him she thought to herself as she recalled that evening.
She snuggled up to him as he settled into bed, she kissed his neck, his cheek, slid her hand under the covers and ran it over his chest, his tummy, slid the tips of her fingers just under the waist-band of his boxers.
"How about some fun honey, I'm all yours, what would you like to do," she whispered in the sexiest voice she had.
"Whatever you like dear, whatever you like," was his answer.
She didn't let that spoil her evening, she wasn't sure what to do, or why she was feeling this way, or even what she was feeling. She just wanted ... something.
"Anything honey, just tell me, I'm ready for anything, anything at all, what is your wildest fantasy, just tell me and I'm yours."
She had to give him credit, he was erect, he was hard, and he quivered as she said that. But didn't do anything, didn't show anything more than a smile.
"Oh honey you know I like whatever you want, I want to please you."
She gave up. She started kissing him, she pulled his hand to her breast and they they made out for a while. She felt like he would go on dialing radio stations on her nipples, first one, then the other, and kissing her as long as she wanted to.
"I'm ready," she finally whispered in his ear, the same as every time they made love now, just 'I'm ready'. Not the, 'Oh god I'm so wet for you,' or the 'fuck me baby, fuck me, I'm hot for you.' That she thought about saying, just 'I'm ready.'
She pulled him over, spread her legs and bent her knees, guided him in. The same as always. She pulled her breasts out of her nighty and let him suck on them as she ran one hand up and down his back, and the other started rubbing her clit.
He came in her as she gasped out how good he felt in her. That was no lie, she loved the feeling of his cock in her, but lately it wasn't enough, she wanted 'something' else, not 'same-thing'. She didn't know what, but this wasn't it anymore. She needed excitement.
When he was done he went to the bathroom to clean up, and came back with a warm damp washcloth and cleaned her up. They cuddled for a little while, she loved that, not much was said, a few kisses, then a few yawns from him before he turned away and dropped off to sleep.
She dreamed that night, she dreamed he tied her to the bed and fucked her so hard the headboard slammed into the wall, that he turned her over and fucked her doggy style. Then after they both came he did a 'lazy dog' and they rolled sideways and cuddled, spooned up with his softening cock still in her.
She woke up in the night and he was turned away from her, she ran her hand gently along his side, his boxers were pulled back up and he was sleeping. She got up and got a glass of water from the kitchen. She sat in his easy chair in the dark living room and masturbated to two orgasms.
She imagined something similar to what she had dreamed earlier. She was tied to the bed and Hal was fucking with abandon, but when he turned her over, he blindfolded her, and she thought it was someone with a bigger cock, who filled and stretched her to capacity, who slammed into harder than Hal ever would. She came then, hard, harder than earlier.
He bent over her, leaning his weight on her as his huge finger found it's way into her bottom. She smelled his scent, different aftershave, different soap, different sweat, he panted and groaned in a different, deeper voice and pulled on her hair hard, without regard for her feelings or comfort. He took her. He used her and kept pounding into her. She felt him strain and push hard into her stretched cunt and she exploded into an orgasm that seemed not to ever end, it went on and on, and she kept spasming from aftershocks for another ten minutes.
When she finally relaxed her body and opened her eyes she was almost surprised to find herself still laying back in Hal's recliner with her legs splayed lewdly over the arms, one arm twisted under her, a finger in her anus and the other covering her pussy.
She lay there for a long time, slowly trying to calm down after he wild daydream before she finally sat up. She pulled off her nighty and tried to dry herself and the chair before leaving her gown balled up on the floor and walked back to the kitchen naked.
She decided that she loved the feeling of being naked in the house. She pulled her nipples as she stared out the sliding glass doors into the back-yard. Her hand slid down to her pussy and she slid two fingers down her slit, grasping her engorged clit between her fingers she gently squeezed and had another small orgasm.
She opened the sliding glass doors and walked outside. The night air cooled her as it caressed her naked form and dried the sweat on her. She walked into the grass, not yet wet from dew and enjoyed the feeling on her bare feet. The yard was enclosed by a midriff high chain link fence, suitable for keeping a small or medium sized dog in.
There was a chest high hedge on the adjoining yard on one side and clumps of tall ornamental grass growing growing in the neighbor's yard on the other. There were gaps in the hedge and space between the tall clumps of pampas grass. The back had small shrubs not much higher than the fence, and a large old Oak tree in a back corner. A small potting shed in the other corner.
Anyone looking out from the upper story windows in any of the adjoining houses on either side or behind them would be able to see her. Most of the houses were dark. At the back of the yard was a gate in the low fence. Driven by something she couldn't understand she opened the gate and walked up the alley, looking at houses on either side of her.
She saw a light come on several houses down from hers, and on a whim she made her way into the yard. She vaguely knew the people there, and walked up their yard. It was a kitchen window that was lit up and she closed the distance until she was just outside the glare of light streaming out the window.
She knew from experience that from the inside, with the lights on, the window just looked black, but what if the light reflecting from her nude body made her visible? The blinds were open and she stepped closer. The neighbor was in the kitchen with the refrigerator door open, looking in. He was naked.
As he looked for a late snack he stroked his cock. It was semi hard and was rising as she watched. He was a little older than Hal, and darker with much more body hair, his cock was now erect and jutting out as he stroked it. She couldn't tear her eyes away as he closed the fridge door and turned and walked back, stroking his cock the whole time. His hand flipped off the light as he left the kitchen.
What was coming over me, she thought. Walking around the neighborhood stark naked. She then walked quietly walked back to her house and then into the bedroom and climbed into bed, she fell asleep quickly.
She had another dream just before she woke up, they were having a party and everyone was in the back-yard. All their friends and a few people from both of their workplaces. She walked out of the kitchen and onto the patio and into the yard with a tray of drinks balanced on one hand like a waiter, up by her head.
She dreamed she was completely naked, except for two dangling ear-rings fastened onto her erect nipples. Her pussy was totally shaved and she didn't have any tan lines. Everyone else was completely clothed.
Unlike other times she had dreamed of being naked in public, she was not at all embarrassed. Cassie, the dream Cassie, was totally at ease being naked in public, not just at ease, she was enjoying it and was turned on by it, she loved that her friends and co-workers were looking at her naked body, checking out the sway and bounce of her breasts as she served drinks.
When she woke up that morning she was almost at at the point of orgasm, so close that she didn't even care if Harold saw, she slid her hand down to her pussy, one touch and she came, hard and long, aftershocks rippled through her body again and again. All the time she thought about being naked in front of all her friends.
When she came to, she realized that Harold was in the bathroom, she could hear the water in the sink turn on, then off, a few seconds went by and then on, and off, a clink was the sound of his razor against the sink. She heard the water run again and sounds of him splashing water on his face, cleaning off the shaving cream.
She had a flash image of Harold walking around in public, nude, his cock half erect, not sticking out, just hanging and swaying while engorged but not yet fully hard. In her image he was also shaved, bare, completely naked. She shivered at the sight, she saw herself with an evening gown talking to someone else as Harold came up, but his arm around her and nibbled on her ear.
"Hi sleeping beauty, how is my honey feeling this morning?" He had come into the bedroom with a smile on his face. She blushed at her thoughts and got up, gave him the usual morning 'haven't brushed my teeth yet' closed-lip peck on the cheek and went into the bathroom.
She could smell herself on her hand and her pussy was dripping for some reason so she took a shower again. Without thinking about it, when she got out she took some of his shaving cream and lathered up her trimmed pussy and with a new blade in his razor she carefully shaved her mound, and her lips, leaving only a narrow strip up the center.
Briefly she thought about walking into the bedroom with the razor and bending over in front of Harold and asking him to please shave her butt crack. The idea turned her on. What was happening? Harold wasn't in the bedroom when she came out of the bathroom as naked as when she went in. He hadn't said anything then, but she did see his eyes open up a bit.
A week later nothing had been said. By then he had surely noticed her shaved bush, and she knew he had seen the nighty she left on his easy chair. He had gone to sit there with his first cup of coffee. When she went into the living room to tell him that the scrambled eggs were ready to eat she noticed that it was on the coffee table, and no longer wadded up but folded neatly.
Nothing had been said. And if things held to the pattern she wouldn't be having sex for another two or three weeks. What if she initiated it tonight? One thing was going to change, she had an appointment with a salon for a full waxing, everything. And a mani-pedi.
Harold sat at his desk later that day. He had noticed her pussy the next evening. She positively flaunted it. And he loved it. But what could he say. If he mentioned it she might think he didn't like it. Better to say nothing, that was safe, maybe when they made love next time, he could run his fingers there and say something, maybe something like, 'mmmm that's sooooo very sexy!"
What would she say then? A thought occurred, what if she didn't do it for me? Is she having an affair? No, not Cassie, she barely tolerates sex. Doesn't she? She doesn't like it any more does she? But she was very juicy last time. Very.
And the nighty. How did it get downstairs and onto my easy chair? It was all wadded up and smelled, smelled of ... her. It was so good. He remembered holding it to his face and taking deep breaths. He had gotten an erection instantly. The idea of her down here, needing to wipe herself on the nighty, then walking through the house nude. He started to get a hard-on again thinking of it.
He knew she had dripped onto his chair, he smelled it, got onto his knees and sniffed the seat of his own chair and her scent was unmistakable. Cassie, on his chair, playing with herself. He touched himself through his slacks, he was hard, hard and throbbing.
What if he said something next time they made love, she asked him last time, 'what would you like', he had frozen up like he always did. He was easy to get along with, he knew, not particular about food, he just wanted her to be happy, he figured she would say if she wanted something different. Wouldn't she?
She had asked him, maybe that was how she mentioned something different? What if he said he wanted to see her naked, or in some sexy lingerie, just around the house? What if she asked and he said a blow-job. What would she do? Say? Could he say it?
He had a vision of doing her doggie style. Not making love, fucking. Ramming in and pulling out, ramming and ramming, fucking. Her ass in the air and her head on the mattress. Her tits flopping back and forth every time he rammed into her, fucking her hard. Hard. Pulling out a seeing his cum dripping from her pussy. Tell her to clean him off with her mouth.
He was in a mood, a wild mood. He imagined her naked and waiting at the front door for him to come in, staying naked after he fucked her in the front entry. Staying naked and shaved while they ate dinner. Maybe he could grill some steaks on the back porch, she could stay naked there. Yes.
He was in a strange mood. Without thinking about it he did something, so unlike him, he risked it, he did something without thinking about it for once. He texted her, texted her in the middle of the afternoon. And not about stopping at the grocery store asking her what he should get.
Her phone beeped. She was coming back from the copy machine and just stepped into her cubicle, she heard the sound coming from the 'phone in her purse. Who could that be in the middle of the day. There were several texts.
Harold: Thinking about you.
Harold: Thinking about you naked walking around the house.
Harold: Imagining your bare pussy, naked as we eat steaks on the back porch.
Harold: I love you, I'm feeling strange, can't think of anything but you.
Cassie smiled at the texts Harold sent. He always spelled things out completely. Then it hit her. Not how he spelled things out, but WHAT he had spelled out. He sexted her! Harold. Sexting! Her!
Her heart started pounding, pounding hard hard, jumping in her chest. She didn't know what to think. Why, ohgod yes, but why? Yes yes yes. What should she do? Send something back. She had to, what? She felt naughty, very very naughty.
She looked around at the walls of her cubicle. They were chin high and hers opened onto a hallway and faced the back wall. As long as no-one walked past she had nearly complete privacy when she sat down.
She looked around, listened carefully. Keyed up her camera feature, pulled up her skirt. 'What panties do I have?' She held the phone in-between her legs and triggered the camera. The flash surprised her.
The picture wasn't great. It showed her panties and one thigh, not centered. She tried again and it looked better, washed out, but without natural light there that was the best she could do. Unless she pulled her dress completely up, completely exposing herself. She turned the flash off.
She faced the entry to her cube, her dress up around her waist and her bottom thrust out to the edge of her chair. That one came out very good. She could easily see her panties, her thighs, her mound, her bunched up dress, her chair.
She was panting, trying to be quiet. Excited. Expanding the picture she thought she could see a little dampness along her slit. She pulled her panties down and not thinking, just doing, she took another picture, her naked pussy glinted in the light this time, no question that she was oozing. Still, another one, did she dare?
Harold was in agony, he had sent her a text with sex in it, he worried, he worried she was pissed. It was the same feeling he had as a kid when he was in trouble at home and his Mom had told him to 'wait until your father gets home'.
Quickly, she looked out in both directions, no-one in sight, she heard Fran next door talking to a customer, Mike, on the other side was out, She didn't know who was in the next aisle, another department. She couldn't hear anything, never heard more than a chair squeak or a file drawer opening.
A deep breath she undid her top and pulled it off, stepped out of her skirt and unhooked her bra, her panties next, down and off. Wait, on the desk, sit on the desk, spread open her legs reach down, OMG, naked in her cube, surrounded by people. Two pictures, then another of her breasts, no her tits, yes tits.
Her hands shaking she stood naked except for shoes, rings, earrings and watch she sat and checked the pictures. She wanted more. Did this phone have a delayed picture feature, darn. She wanted a full picture of her completely naked, full frontal with her face. The only way was if someone else took it. Fran might, but she'd have to talk to her in advance. Not right now.
Just then the 'phone rang, without thinking about it she picked up. It was another department looking for a file. She handled the call without thinking about her nudity. Her mind registered that someone had walked past her cubicle but not the significance of that.
It was after the call that she suddenly recalled a shadow out of the corner of her mind that someone had walked past her cube. Didn't they? Or was it her imagination? She was worried, even horrified, but very turned on. She even considered masturbating but got her mind back to work with difficulty.
She pulled on her blouse and buttoned it up as quickly as she could. Then her skirt. No panties, no bra. She'd wait to go home until everyone else had left. Or, or, or she could just go out like normal. She was dripping wet, she knew it was running down her legs.
Forty five minutes after Harold sent his texts to Cassie he got an answer. He had the phone in his hands, his cock had shriveled up. She was so angry and disgusted that she wouldn't even acknowledge his texts. He was in the dog house, how could he have imagined she would like that.
The only reason she was naked in bed was that he hadn't satisfied her that night when they made love. She had gone to the living room for privacy while he slept and masturbated on his chair in revenge, a silent message that he wasn't man enough to satisfy her.
He was all set to send an abject apology, trying to say something that would explain what he said. Maybe he could say he had been out of the office and just came back and noticed the texts, someone else had sneaked in and sent them. Would she believe it?
Then he saw a text from her arrive. With his heart sinking he opened it. A naked pussy, her naked bare pussy, He looked closely and cold see the light glinting, reflecting on something, liquid, she was wet. Another one came. He breasts, my god she has sexy tits.
Wait, she's in her cube at work, she's sitting on her desk, it looks like she is naked. He can see her thighs, hips and tummy, plus her pussy, in the first one. The second shows her tummy, tits and collar bones. Shit, she stripped down and is completely naked in her cube. What if someone comes by?
Maybe someone is watching her, naked, bare naked nude in the office. He was painfully erect. Had to do something. He loosened his tie and pulled it off his head, off with his shirt, damn, cuffs not unbuttoned as he tried to pull his hands through his shirt inside out. Kicking off his shoes and unbuckling his belt.
Her heart thumping Cassie walked back to the copy room with the same contract, just to see if she could do it, walking with no panties, no bra, she could feel her breasts, her tits, bouncing with every step. She was pretending she was naked. She could smell herself, or at least imagined that she could.
On the way back slowly, stopping at the break-room to look at the snack and drink machines, then back to her desk with a bottle of water. Bounce, bounce, don't fool yourself girl they're not that big, bounce bounce, but somebody sees, that's Theresa, they say she's into women, she's watching. Smile at her. YES! She smiled and winked. Her face felt hot.
Sitting at her desk she had to get her breath. She bunched up her skirt and sat directly on her chair. She didn't want a wet spot on the back of her skirt. She checked her phone. She had a message. A text,
Harold: Sorry, guys just don't look as good naked. You are beautiful.
She hadn't expected that he would send one of himself, the thought never occurred to her. And she disagreed with him, she would love if he took the chance and send a naked picture, but she also knew him, or thought she knew him, he never would. On the other hand, if someone asked her to do it yesterday she wouldn't have done it.
Harold was still naked. His office door locked and was sitting at his desk. The small camera that he kept in his desk was hooked up to his laptop. Usually it was used to take pictures to send to the PR office, for department employee of the month or the department birthday celebrations. Today it had some naked pictures of Harold, close ups of his hard cock and another from the side of his hard cock shooting cum across his desk as he looked at her picture on his phone.
He couldn't believe he actually got a picture of his cock shooting cum, it had a delayed timer and he had been counting seconds down. He didn't think he could do it again. He didn't have the know-how to get the camera pictures to his phone to text her with it, but he had some close up hand held shots similar to what she sent. He'd have to save these or send them to her email.
Cassie's phone sounded again, she opened up the text and there it was, a picture of him, his cock sticking out, one hand on his cock, he was sitting on his desk, legs spread, exactly the same pose as she had sent, she shivered, what had she started. Her hand made its way to her wet slit. Then the phone sounded again.
Harold: Check your web email, when no-one is in your cube. NSFW.
Blushing she turned to her computer and logged into her web email. A new message from Harold's email. She gasped, he didn't. He did! She could see his cum squirting. He had his phone in his hand, she couldn't make out what the picture on it was.
But when she zoomed in she could make out the basic color was the same blue as her cube walls, with the tan of her desk top at the bottom and a flesh colored blob in the center. How did he do it?
She read the text of the email. 'Darling, I loved the picture, I love the old you and love the new you. In case you're wondering I have a camera in my office' it has a delay feature. I was tempted to ask Ms. White to take it, but she probably would have had a heart attack.
Cassie laughed as she quickly got out of her home email. Ms. White would be shocked. She had to be in her early fifties, wore conservative clothing and never spoke about her personal life, or anything that didn't relate to business for that matter. She had been the department manager's administrative assistant since the position was called the department manager's secretary.
Cassie thought a little about Ms. White. She wasn't unattractive, just had a very conservative way of dressing. Much like I do Cassie thought. You never know, maybe she has a garter belt and stockings under that long dress, perhaps she never wears panties.
Before Cassie left for the day she took one more walk, this time to the department manager's cubicle, the same height as Cassie's, but twice as big. The entrance to it opened up facing an open area surrounded by assistants with open sided cubes with lower walls, secretaries or administrative assistants only got low walled cubes. Cassie thought it was foolish, everyone should get a little privacy. She figured the only reason was so the department heads could feel more important.
She handed off the contract that she was working on to Ron, that is she slipped it into his 'in' box since he was on the phone, he nodded to her and gave her a thumbs up to acknowledge getting it. On the way back to her own cube she passed Theresa.
"Hi Cassie,"
"Hi Theresa, how's things today with you?"
"Can't complain. I like the new look, it seems very comfortable."
Cassie blushed. She lowered her voice.
"I can't believe I did it, am I that obvious?"
"I don't think so honey, you normally dress so conservatively, none of the guys usually spare you a glance, unless you talk to them."
"How would you know that?" Cassie whispered back with a sly grin.
"Lets just say I have noticed you around for some time. I never thought I would see you loosen up, but you obviously have."
"You've noticed me?"
"Don't worry Cass, lets just say that you remind me of someone."
"Should I be flattered, or..."
"Definitely flattered, they say everyone remembers their first, especially if it was a good experience."
"Your first?"
"Girl that is."
"Oh. I'd like to hear the story some time."
"I'd like to tell you, but only if you tell me about your first."
"I've never, well, just guys, and not many, but ..."
"We'll have to stop after work for drinks some time."
"I'd love to, oh, well, just drinks, and talk a little, I'm married, and, well, uh."
"Don't worry Cass, so am I, Gary and I are a little more liberal than most, but we're always together for, you know. But not always just the two of us if you know what I mean." Theresa gave a knowing grin and another wink.
"Wow." Cassie's eyes were big in surprise.
"I haven't scared you off have I? I still wouldn't mind getting to know you, it's nice to have someone to have a drink and trash talk the bosses with."
"No, no, I want to, I really do. Maybe next week?"
"It's a deal."
"I, we, uh, always thought you were, well, a lesbian."
"You don't have to whisper the word, but I know, I didn't ever say I was, but someone started saying it and I never set them straight, I never worried what other people thought. I am bi."
"Wow. Oops, I said that already. I, never, knew anyone, wow."
"I was thinking you might be, not just today, but before a couple of times I've seen you around, you always smile, and when we've talked your headlights always light up like now, even when you're in a bra I could see them."
Cassie pulled her hands up and cupped her breasts in embarrassment. She felt her nipples sticking out hard and the sensation of her hands touching them sent a jolt to her naked pussy.
"I never knew, I'm sorry."
"Don't be sorry sweetie, I like it. I just thought you were a little bi yourself, but then you talked and acted so sweet an innocent all the time I wondered."
"Oh." Cassie didn't know what to say, but between the fantasies she'd had lately about being naked in public, and now taking nude pictures of herself she was getting too horny to really think straight.
"It's OK Cass, look we can't stand around here chatting, give me a call or send an email next week, or I will you. See you later." They smiled and Cassie continued on her way, after remembering to drop her hands.
Cassie was in a haze of erotic thoughts, she knew the inside of her thighs were slick and she was getting wetter every second. She loved the feeling of her tits bouncing and swaying freely under her blouse. Every time a nipple rubbed her blouse it sent signals to her pussy. They rubbed on every step.
The work day ended a little bit later and Cassie put her bra and panties into her purse and walked out of the office, down the elevator, shared with people that she was sure could smell her arousal, and out to her car. She wanted to bring herself to another cum before she left, but settled for pulling her dress up and taking another picture with her phone.
She left her dress pulled up, and was sitting directly on the seat. She took her panties out of the purse and placed them between her and the seat to protect the seat from her moisture. She sent the picture to Harold, with the text message telling him she was heading home and feeling horny.
With her pussy bare to anyone looked into her car window, she drove home. There was some construction and so she took an alternate route that she used sometime, it put her onto the Interstate at a different interchange, so she went through some neighborhoods that she traveled only rarely.
She spotted a store that was coming up. It was a sex shop. They even advertised on late night TV and she had always wondered what it was like. On a whim she pulled into the small parking lot. She texted Hal again. This time with a pic of the sex store taken through the windshield of her car.
Hal was just getting into his car for his trip home. He was hoping for some fun sex when he got home. Then his phone beeped. He sat down behind the steering wheel and opened up the message. She was asking what she should buy.
Cassie was getting nervous and frightened, the first rush of her decision to go into the sex shop was wearing off, and she had made up her mind to leave when her phone beeped, signaling a text message from her husband. She opened it up and gasped.
He wanted her to get a but plug. No, several from small to large. He didn't say who for though. And nipple clamps. And then a second text said:
"Bondage equipment, collar(s)s, wrist and ankle cuffs, gag(s) and blindfolds, Dildoes."
Cassie got a grin, stepped out of the car and walked in. She still didn't have her underwear on and she enjoyed every minute she spent in that seedy shop. She thought that Harold probably didn't know about her dildos but maybe he did. She wondered where he was coming from. She started to get an idea about why he always told her to do what she wanted. Could her husband be a little submissive? Or want to be, or want to play at being. Or did he want to use everything on her?
Her phone beeped again, it was another text from Hal, he asked her to get some videos. He said that they probably would need some instructional videos showing what to do with the other things she bought.
Videos, Cassie thought, Hmmmm, she looked through the selections. Women being dominated, men being dominated, people just having sex. She got the impression that they had no plot, just enough to set up the situations in which people could fuck.
She wasn't impressed. But got one that appeared to deal with anal sex. That seemed to be the direction implied by the butt plugs. She saw another, women with strap-on dildos. Oh my, She said to herself, her mental voice sounding like the voice of Lieutenant Solo in the old space opera series she had seen as a child. She got that one.
Then she saw it. A video purporting to show people flashing, women showing breasts, and more, in public. She picked it up. There was another. And another. She picked them up, her hands trembling, her breath quickening. Her nipples were erect and pushing against the material of her blouse, almost painfully so.
She felt a new surge of wetness oozing down her inner thighs. Her arms were full, and she started to make her way to the check out. Then she saw the magazines. More and more magazines with pictures of people doing more and more things to each other. Then a magazine with people nude in public, flashing, naked women walking among clothed men and women.
She continued, her arms full of magazines, DVDs, the butt plugs and dildoes she had first picked out, the 'beginner's bondage set', the ball gag that looked so intimidating, the blindfold. Then she saw the display showing the strap-on sets.
She didn't realize at first that carrying the different items and reaching for more, she had somehow undone the top two buttons of her blouse.
She finally got to the check out register. She had been hoping for a young perky college aged girl manning the register. Instead there was an old man, unshaven and overweight. He leered as he counted up the purchases. He bagged everything and handed her the receipt before he spoke.
"You might be interested in this," he said as he pointed to a stack of small notices next to the register.
"You seem to be practicing for it anyway." He continued as he gestured to her chest.
She looked down and saw that without her bra, and with the button's undone he could probably see most of her breasts. Her tits. She froze for a microsecond, then grinned, took a sheet from the top of the stack along with the two bags full of her purchase and left the store without closing her buttons.
Cassie got into her car and locked the doors. She was panting. Taking her cell phone she held up her hand and took a pic looking down her dress, then sent it to her husband with the words, 'was in the store like this' attached.
Harold's car was already there when she pulled into her side of the garage. She went straight up to their bedroom and tossed her purchases into the back of her closet, before stripping down and stepping into the shower.
The shower was damp when she got in so she knew Hal must have just taken a quick one when he got home. She wondered where he was, but went ahead and showered off the grime, real and imagined, from the store, along with her own moisture from her sex and inner thighs.
She felt better and walked out of the bathroom wearing just the towel that was turbaned around her hair. Hal was waiting in the bedroom, he only had a T-shirt and boxers on, he was already erect. She saw that he must have transferred the pics she sent to his computer and printed them out. She saw her pictures spread out on the bed.
She didn't say anything, just advanced on him, wrapped her arms around his neck and started to kiss him. No gentle nibbles or kisses, just tongue and saliva and groans as she pushed him back toward the corner of their bed as she pushed his boxers down.
Cassie felt his cock pushing against her tummy as she pushed him against the bed and made him sit on the corner. She quickly mounted him and guided his cock into her swampy pussy.
"Fuck me darling, fuck me hard." She hissed.
The truth was she was doing the fucking, slamming up and down on him as she tried to thrust up into her. They developed a rhythm as they pounded against each other. She started cumming almost immediately, as soon as he found a breast to squeeze. His other hand held her bottom, leaving prints of his finger tips in her buttock.
It only last a few minutes, he squirted longer and harder than he had in recent memory. She came constantly through the short time she was on top of him, and the longer time as his cock lost it's initial hardness.
He never completely softened and soon they were on the bed, she was on all fours while he pounded her from behind. He was able to keep going longer this time. Before her face on the bed was one of the pics she had sent him.
It was the selfie she had sent from the car after she left the sex shop. She could see enough of her face to know it was her, she could see down her blouse and most of her breasts, her nipples were apparent through the cloth of her blouse and her skirt was bunched up and one leg spread out and bent at the knee, her pussy was just peeking out.
She started cumming again, and again, and again, like that, in public, she groaned, the spasms kept shooting through her, he pounded into her, hitting her g-spot as one finger jiggled her clit and one of his hands pulled on a nipple, again and again, she saw something hit the picture, her saliva, she was open-mouth drooling as the cum from his first ejaculation squelched around his cock as drove into her, and slid down her inner thigh and splatted against the bed, against herself and against Hal. Again and again the rolling cums wrenched through her as he kept on.
Collapsing to her elbows Cassie let her head drop, the towel wrapping her hair fell forward, letting her damp hair hang free. Hal was holding both her hips and she reveled in the feeling of her breasts swinging free with her nipples rubbing on the bed. She came again, and again. She faintly registered that Hal was pumping his semen into her pussy, she heard, as if from a long distance the sounds of sex.
In and out in and out, in, out, the slapping sound their bodies made as his thighs slapped against hers was the only external stimulation she noticed, her mind could only process so much information and what was happening in her pussy that nothing else really mattered.
A distant part of her brain registered that Hal had come twice in her now, and was still hard enough to continue fucking her, but it was a distant part of her brain, everything else was centered on the almost constant orgasms that rolled through her body, forcing her to clench, moan, twitch and push back at him.
She felt tired, tired, used, and happy. She wasn't sure how long it had been quiet, she vaguely remembered something about the almost anguished shout that Hal made when he came a third time, she was content, happy, naked and sprawled on her tummy, one leg out straight, spread out to the side, the other drawn up, knee bent forward, forcing her torso a little up on that side. One hand under her head, the other cupping her sex, occasionally letting a finger brush her clit.
She slept, she didn't hear anything, or feel anything but satisfied, very very satisfied. She woke slightly several times, tightened muscles and felt a spark of a mini cum shoot through her, then slept and dreamed, dreamed erotic dreams of walking naked through crowds of strangers, feeling hands caress her bottom, pinching nipples, cupping her breasts. She was alone and naked in a crowd of clothed strangers and felt wonderfully free and carefree.
Harold couldn't believe what had come over his normally reserved wife. She seemed so open and natural. He came one last time. He wasn't sure he had ever cum that many times in that short a timed ever before. He would have to remember to take those blue pills again when things looked life fun in bed.
He was delighted that Cassie had broken out of her usual reserve, and he was delighted that he actually did things he wanted to, said things, well texted things, that he had wanted to say for so long. He hoped that this wasn't just some one time thing brought about by some rogue hormone rush.
He wondered briefly why just a few texts from him had suddenly got her to break out of her normal reserve. What if he had done that a while back. Best not to question things he thought to himself.
Harold had pulled out of her as his cock had finally deflated, he was tired and curled up on the bed at an angle, his head resting on his wife's smooth bottom. He smiled to himself as he smelled their combined aroma. When he opened his eyes he could just see his cum ooze out of her pussy, she was spread out and there was a creamy river that slowly made its way out, then gathered and finally dropped to the bed. When she tensed herself and came again he heard a splat sound and more gushed out.
He slept for another half hour, dozing in and out, before he got up and cleaned off. Before he left the bed he kissed her bottom, surely, he thought, the prettiest one in the world. He pulled on underwear and cargo shorts, along with a T-shirt and went down to make something light for a late supper.
When Cassie woke up she cleaned up and then noticed the mess they had made on the bed, luckily Hal had pulled the comforter they used as a bedspread, so she pulled the sheets off and replaced them with a new set. The used set overfilled the laundry basket so she took everything downstairs and set it in the laundry room. Then she went to look for her husband.
Harold was surprised and delighted to see Cassie come into the kitchen with only a pair of panties on. He had always loved her body, and her breasts were wonderful, even the slight sag that age put on them looked great to him.
"What'cha making for supper stud-man?" Asked Cassie cheerily.
"Just some tuna samiches and potato chips sexy," was the answer.
"Hey big boy, I'm up here." She laughed.
"Are you sure?" Hal quipped, then leaned in for a kiss.
They ate in silence, Cassie thrilled with her newly discovered love of nudity. Hal was a little bemused and turned on. His wife was opening up and dropping her guard of reserve.
"Hal, have you heard of the Equal Top group." Cassie asked.
"No, can't say I have?" Was Hal's answer.
"Well, they are pushing for the removal of laws forcing women to wear a top, when men can go topless, like when swimming, sunbathing and stuff like that."
"You mean in public?" Hal asked, interested now. He saw Cassies nipples return to the 'high beam' setting.
"Yes, don't you think it's unfair that we can't have the same freedom's that you have?"
"Um, I guess, in theory. But there's a lot of tradition, and even more very very conservative people who won't like it." Hal cautioned, wondering where this was coming from.
"You know that park, Dan St. Onge memorial park, over there in Carlin county?" Cassie asked in what sounded like a complete change of subject.
"Yeeaah, I know the one, the turn off is on my way to work, you go past it to on your way. They have concerts there sometimes don't they." Hal said.
Cassie got up and retrieved the flier she had picked up from the sex shop.
"This flier is about the park. On Saturday they're having a concert, beer sales and the fire department is opening up a fire hydrant and hooking it to a srayer. It'll be fun."
Cassie crossed her fingers. She didn't want to tell the rest until later, but knew she should be honest. Heck, he might eve like it.
"Huh, they used to do that when I was in college. There's a depression sort of, it's got low berms around it, they put in a big plastic tarp and filled it with water, only about a foot or two. They'd do it in the summers and kids would play in it. In the winter they filled it up and it froze into a skating rink."
"You've been there?" Cassie asked?
"Not in a long time. Remember? I went to the community college in Apersville for a couple of years, before I transferred up North to Woodston for my BA. That was before I met you." Hal explained.
"So what's it like?"
"Well, the park's sort of minimal as I recall. They keep the grass mowed, there's picnic tables, a few campsites for RVs, some wooded areas, a small river goes past and there's a hill with lots of trees on it on the other side of the river. I think there's a footbridge. I know there's a golf course across the river too."
"So there's a lot of space, like a concert or something?"
"Well, there's what they call the Small Amphitheater. Then a larger space where I've been to concerts, they set up a stage an all, it's in the open. The Amphitheater has a rough stage and I think there's a group that puts on some Shakespeare play every year. I've never been to that. It's pretty small, and surrounded by old oak trees, not many people would fit. So for real concerts they used to use the other place." Hal explained.
"So there's lots of space, plus the skating rink." Cassie clarified.
"Yeah, what's this all about?"
Cassie took a big breath, her breasts moved out and she suddenly was aware that she was topless, she had completely forgotten, and loved that fact even more. She was only reminded of it when Hal's eyes focused back on them. She smiled. She would tell him now.
"OK, here it is, I saw this flier, and it says on Saturday there's a concert, it's a group I never heard of, called 'Exposed'. And the Bare Top is sponsoring it. And women are free to go topless, if they want."
"Honey, they can say that, but you and I know that the sheriff, or the State Park people will be there to arrest anyone for that." Hal said after a short pause while he thought about a crowd of topless women and he was free to look at all the tits, all sizes, all shapes .... He started to get erect again.
"Actually they do say it, and so does the Sheriff. It says right here: 'Apers county Sheriff Dept and the State Parks department have stated that on this day between eight AM and nine PM at St. Onge park, laws against public indecency will not be enforced for adult females who choose to go topless. Lewd behaviour will not be tolerated."
Hal looked at the flier. It wasn't well made, obviously having been copied from another copy. But the Sheriff's and State Park service seals looked genuine. Still he hesitated to believe it.
"Why did they pick this Saturday?" Hal asked.
"Well, National Nude day is this Monday, so they're doing it on Saturday to get more people." Cassie replied.
"And you want to go?"
"I think so. Honey, I suddenly found that I love being naked. I've always had dreams of being naked in public. They used to be bad dreams, but the last few months I've awakened from them really horney. Really Horny." Cassie blushed and it went down to the tops of her tits when she said this, Hal noticed.
"And then I sexted you, it seemed to me like a damn just broke. I was totally surprised at the pics you sent. What if someone saw you?"
Cassie smiled so brightly Hal was amazed, her whole face lit up in joy.
"Darling, someone did. Sort of." Cassie said. Hal raised his eyes, and his cock came to full attention.
Cassie went on, "Darling, for a while I was completely naked, and the phone rang and I talked, I think someone walked past. Then I put on my outer clothes without panties or bra, and I walked around the office twice. Teresa saw me. Everyone says she's a lesbian, but she said she was bi, and a swinger. We chatted. She likes me. I might go out with her for drinks after work, do you mind?"
It all came out of Cassie in one big burst, no hesitation.
"How did you feel?" Asked her husband.
"Wonderful. She said she liked the way they moved, she saw my nipples sticking out and said that even with a bra, sometimes when I talked to her before she noticed them."
Cassie held her breasts, cupping them from below with her fingers spreading up, and her nipples pinched between two fingers. She was obviously excited. Hal was excited as well, he was a little worried, but this was so much better than the dull sex they had been having for years now.
"You seem to really like the idea of being naked, or topless. I like it to, sort of. I would be terribly hurt if you, well, if you ...." Hal couldn't go on. The thought that she might find another partner was frightening.
"Darling darling, I just want to have some adventures, showing myself, I'll never leave you or abandon you. I promise."
"OK, but it might be hard in a public place to take off your top. I think to make sure you need to test yourself." Hal said.
"Anything honey, what do you want?"
"This is just for you, just to see if you can do it." Hal said. He paused.
Cassie smiled, she remembered her late night sortie completely naked and out of the yard and into someone else's. She hadn't told him about that.
"Get up now, just as you are, and go out to the shed in the back yard, there's some garden shears, take them out, and clip a few stray branches from one of the bushes there. Put the shears back and walk back to the patio."
Cassie suddenly started breathing hard, very hard, as if she had just been running, she blushed, then her face went white, then she blushed, all in just a few seconds. Her color returned to normal and she got up, smiling broadly at her husband.
She came to his side of the table and kissed him, her arms around his neck. She spread her legs a little apart and whispered into his ear.
"Darling, oh my sweet darling, feel my panties, I'm dripping wet, feel it, feel it, Oh, oh, oh ooooohhhhhhhh." She came almost as soon as he touched her, he kept his fingers moving up and down her slit, amazed at the wetness showing.
"Wait here." Hal commanded and went upstairs in a hurry. He returned immediately, carrying a pair of cargo shorts and some flip-flops.
"Put these on please, for me." Hal said.
Cassie stepped out through the sliding glass doors into the covered patio, she kept going and went straight toward the shed. Hal watched. He saw her shoulders slumped forward and her arms kept close to her body and not moving.
Half way there she stopped, she turned and looked at him. He stepped out of the door and stood under the patio. He gave her a thumbs up. She suddenly straightened up. Flashed a smile and answered his thumbs up. She walked to shed, arms swinging naturally and her chest out and shoulders back.
Hal had never seen anything so sexy. She went into the shed and came out with the shears, clipping a leaf here and there, she made a good job of it, going all over the entire back part of their yard.
She even made her way along the side, clipping a few stray branches of the hedge that were trying to poke through the chain link fence. She came all the way to the top of the yard, naked, her nipples leading the way, sweat glinting in the sun. He loved the way her breasts moved as she worked the shears, especially when she was bent over for a low twig.
She came up to him, shears in one hand and kissed him hard.
"I am so turned on," she gasped.
"So am I," he answered.
She walked back, sauntering and completely relaxed, she went to the other side and looked at the tall pampas grasses growing on the other side of the fence. She returned to the shed, and instead of coming out and heading to the patio, she emerged with a spring rake.
Her breasts were beautiful Hal told himself as he watched her raking all the twigs and leaves she had clipped. She worked her way from the back to the front, gathering everything in a small pile at the side of the patio. Smiled again and sauntered back to put the rake away.
On the way back she again sauntered around the back yard, going over the area she had worked, picking up a stray twig or two that she had missed with the rake. She finally came into the shade of the patio. Hal had gone into the kitchen and he had a cold beer waiting for her.
She sat in the chair there, out in the open and they talked into the sunset, quietly, in complete relaxed harmony as naturally as if they were both dressed properly. Once Hal shuddered and almost came as she wiped her hands around her breasts, pushing the accumulated sweat down and off them. He had never seen that before, but it seemed so sexy, as she was completely relaxed in her nudity.
Hal watched as a neighbor across the alley and down one house came out to this patio and set up his outside grill. That lot had no trees or shrubbery to speak of. He could only see parts of what was going on due to the oak in his own yard and the pampas grass next door. But it made him see how exposed Cas had been.
Later on Hal fired up the barbeque and they grilled a couple of small steaks, well Cassie insisted on grilling and asked Hal to do the salad. She was afraid that if she went inside for very long she wouldn't want to come out topless. They both basked in openness between them, Cassie with her boobs showing and Hal enjoying the sight. Both were looking forward to some fun in bed. And neither were disappointed.
Saturday came, Cassie lolled in bed, the sexy nightie she wore to bed the night before was pulled up under her neck, the matching panties were gone. They had made love sensuously the night before. And again with raging passion. Their worlds were changing.
Cassie hadn't worn a bra to work all week. She had worn panties due to her constant wetness as she made no effort to control her arousal. She had gone out with Teresa one night and they had enormous fun, and at the end of the night, standing in the parking lot, they had kissed passionately for what seemed like hours. She felt Teresa's breasts and hers were also explored through the buttons that Teresa quickly undid.
They hadn't spoken about the concert at St. Onge park, but Cassie had flaunted her breasts in the back patio and yard every evening since then. One day she had even run out to pick up the morning paper sitting half way up their driveway, with just her panties on. They made love immediately after, and both were late to work.
After a late breakfast, with Cassie completely nude sitting on the kitchen chair, Hal had surprised her by asking if she wanted to go out to the park at about noon.
"Oh god yes, yes honey, you've made me so happy." Cassie gushed.
"We've got a few hours, I can mow the front lawn before then," Hal said.
Hal had time to mow the front lawn, he thought he'd leave the back for later. He went in and showered and the two of them had a light lunch. Cassie had packed a cooler with water bottles and snacks. Hal had tossed some hot dogs and some corn chips in, along with some left over potato salad.
They got into Hal's car and headed out to the park. It was about a 45 minute drive. They were silent, but Hal kept looking over at Cassie who seemed calm and serene. She was dressed in a T-shirt and cargo shorts. He could tell she had a bra under the shorts. They both wore sneakers. Hal had insisted they wear dog flea collars around their ankles over their socks. He said there was no telling what the tick situation was there.
At the park there were some volunteers to help with the parking. They got out and Hal was a little surprised at how calm he felt. Here he was driving his wife to a public park and was prepared to let her expose herself to the view of strangers.
As they walked into the park, a state park ranger was checking ID's to make sure everyone was over eighteen. Hal and Cassie were passed through, as being obviously a little older. The sign said that they were checking anyone who looked as if they were under aged.
He couldn't understand why he was so excited by it. He was also experiencing a terrible fear, or more accurately a tension. His chest was tight, and the light lunch they had was a lump in his gut. At the same time his cock was tingling and half erect.
He was dressed casually in Cargo shorts and a polo shirt. When they were getting ready he noticed that Cassie had been wearing a pair of running shorts and sports bra, he assumed that was what she had under her cargo shorts and T-shirt. He wondered casually if she was wearing panties.
They walked into the park proper and saw more and more people walking around. They followed the general flow of people and things started looking like what Hal had remembered. They walked past some trees and noticed the old skating rink, now with a couple of inches of water and a hydrant shooting water into the air to fall into what would soon be a wading pool.
"I don't see any boobs yet, do you?" Asked Cassie.
"No, not yet, I was just looking at you."
"No, no, there they are," called Cassie looking off toward the stage about a hundred yards further on. It looked like the band was plugging in their equipment.
There were two college age girls over by the stage dancing to music that only they could hear. Cassie seemed even more interested than Hal was. Heck, he thought to himself, they were so far away he could hardly make out details. One girl was short with smaller tits, the other was a little taller and was very well developed.
He was taken aback when Cassie flipped her T-shirt into his hands.
"Hold onto this for me," she said as she jogged over to the stage.
Things started developing faster and faster as far as Hal was concerned. He saw a woman who must have been a double D saunter past wearing shoes and bikini bottoms. There was a little bit of muffin top on her companion who was also topless with long sloping breasts that wobbled side to side above the plaid Bermuda shorts she had on.
He could see Cassie dancing with the two girls near the stage as the band started up a song. Just then he noticed four women, all middle aged, perhaps mid to late forties, a couple had let their natural color remain with the grey streaks showing, and two had obviously gotten their hair color out of a bottle.
They were all looking at him with anger in their eyes. Well, he figured, he was standing around alone, a guy in his thirties, his cell phone out and scrolling through his email. He was sure they thought that he was a perv getting ready to take pictures of all the topless women.
Just then he felt Cassie slap his butt.
"Hey babe, how about this!" Cassie exclaimed.
He looked up and Cassie, staring in his eyes, dropped her cargo shorts. Under she had her short-short running shorts. Emphasis on short. She handed him the cargo shorts and then, still looking at him, she pulled off her sports bra. She twirled it in the air and tossed it at him.
"Oh god," he whispered. Not really believing that she would do it, and with the tiny shorts the only thing below. He couldn't take his eyes off her tits as she bounced and swayed from the removal of her bra. Then she turned, blew a kiss at him and jogged to the wading pool with the water spray.
He followed more slowly, holding her clothing, not taking his eyes off of her bouncing breasts. Not that he saw a lot of them looking at her from behind, just the occasional sight of a nipple as she turned and grinned, and lots of swaying side boob.
Hal was getting erect, not full on, but a semi, he was surprised that he was getting excited by seeing his wife expose herself in public. Sure there were other women walking around topless, but there were far more still clothed. And a lot of men, of all ages, that were obviously there just to look at boobs.
He got up to the sometime ice skating rink, the low berm that separated it from the flat area that surrounded it had dozens of people, clothed and otherwise that were either getting ready to jump in, or were just watching what was happening in the water filled area. He climbed the three short steps it took to get up the slope.
Inside the water had filled to just below knee high on Cassie who was laughing and talking to a young man wearing just a speedo. He was tanned and massively muscled. Around them people, young and old, all topless women and men were splashing each other and shouting and laughing.
Hal was worried about Cassie talking to this muscle man, his erection was evident in his skimpy suit, but suddenly Cassie broke out laughing and scooped a handful of water and splashed him. The spedo clad muscleman backed away with his hands up.
Cassie joined a splash fight and at one point even fell into the water. The horse play was rough and breasts were bouncing, swinging and swaying with the action. Hal kept an image in his mind of the moment Cassie bent to scoop water to splash the muscleman.
Her breasts dangled as she bent, and bounced amazingly when she shot the water. They never seemed to stop moving. He loved it. His enjoyment never stopped even when he saw her bottom or boobs groped or caressed. Even when one young man reached up and tweaked a nipple, she just grinned. Hal became even more excited.
He couldn't keep his eyes off of his half naked wife. She was more than half naked. Once she took the plunge in the water, and every time she ran under the fountain of spray that fell into the pool at the far end, her nylon running shorts plastered themselves against her body, her butt might as well have been uncovered, and when she turned to face him, he was sure he could see it plastered to her labia. She obviously wasn't wearing panties.
More and more she would be among groups of young men, and once they found that she wasn't objecting to having her breasts and bottom touched and fondled she was constantly having her body felt by anonymous hands. She continued to grin and laugh, looking happy and excited. Hal was happy that she often looked to him grinning, and he always gave her a smile, usually with a thumbs up.
"Is that your wife?" He heard a woman's voice say.
Turning he saw the older women that he had seen earlier grouped on either side of him.
"Yes, isn't she beautiful." He answered.
"Yes, she is. But there may be a problem if she doesn't act a little more sedately," One woman said said. Hal was startled.
They quickly explained that they were the organizers, and that while they wanted to promote equal rights as far as going topless whenever it was appropriate for men to do so, they didn't want their campaign to be marred by hints of impropriety or licentiousness.
Hal could see her point. Most of the other topless women were behaving more sedately, there were a few women acting much like Cassie and inviting the attention of men, Cassie was by far the most popular, which in a way puzzled Hal.
While Hal thought Cassie was the most beautiful woman in the history of the world, he knew that not everyone felt that way and that many of the younger women were what most people would consider far more pretty. He surmised that it was Cassies open and friendly behavior that attracted her admirers.
"Why don't you take off your shirt and join her, just calm her down and rein her in before there is some kind of incident," the leader of the four organizers suggested.
"Here, I'll hold your things, I've already picked up the shoes she took off earlier." Said another.
Hal hadn't even noticed that Cassie had taken off her sneakers. He pulled off his shirt in spite of not being fully confident about doing so in public, handed it and Cassie's clothing to the women before pulling of his sneakers and socks and waded in to join Cassie.
She was surrounded by half a dozen young men, and he noticed that hands were constantly fondling her. He heard them talking to her as he approached.
"C'mon," one said.
"It'll be fun, you'll see," another piped up.
"Are you sure? I don't want to get into trouble," Cassie replied.
"Na, this is all about freedom, why not, and we'll stay close, no one will see, go ahead," urged yet another man, followed by a chorus of voices urging her on, even a couple of 'take it off' chants.
Hal heard a couple of 'Hey!" and "Watch it!" comments as he shouldered his way through the young men, to be confronted by Cassie with her hands inside the waist band of her shorts, pulling them down. She was side on to him and the process was well underway.
He could see both the beginning of her butt crack and the very top of her landing strip of pubic hair. He could also see another hand reaching out and cupping a breast while pinching the nipple.
Another hand was reaching for her shorts to help pull them off. Before he could do anything she had them down past her bottom and below her pussy. Hal grabbed her, and pulled her to face him.
He heard several protests and he pulled her shorts up and planted a kiss onto his wife's lips. She was voracious in her responding kiss, tongue thrusting into him, her pelvis thrusting against him. He managed to keep his head and pulled up her shorts as he continued to kiss her.
He felt someone push him from behind, followed by tugs trying to pull him away, he felt more people trying to pull Cassie away from him. And loud complaints from the horny men. She broke the kiss.
"It's all right, He's my husband. I need to go with him."
More complaints and there were more men, all gathered around them. Hal worried about her safety, not realizing that he was in danger as well. There were more men here than he had first thought.
"All right, break it up, break it up, don't ruin if for everyone, break it up!" the four women were pushing in the crowd.
Several men called and yelled in pain.
"I've got more of the same for anyone else! Break it up!" Another woman called.
He heard more calls and yells, and some sounded masculine and very authoritative. Harold wrapped his arms around Cassie and pulled her through the fast growing mob, he smelled pepper spray and they quickly made their way through the thinning crown.
Looking back he could see the organizers, two with small canisters of pepper spray breaking up the crowd. Behind them were three uniformed state park rangers, with one half naked woman holding them back.
Hal could hear snippets of the conversation with the park authorities. Apparently the organizers were convincing them that no laws had been broken, just a few young men had gotten out of hand and that the problem had been taken care of. Hal and Cassie seemed to have gotten out of the mess undetected and made their way to the berm surrounding the pond. They were accosted by a late middle aged woman with enormous breasts that hung nearly to her navel.
She was holding their clothing and footwear, more importantly she was smiling at them. They took their clothes and Hal sat against the outside of the berm to pull on his sneakers and Cassie did the same.
Cassie pulled on her cargo shorts, but not her T-shirt of bra. Hal also left his shirt off.
"I'm sorry, Cassie said, both to Hal and the woman.
"It's all right, my friends took care of them men, but you should remember that not every man understands that sometimes a woman isn't flirting when she's topless." The woman said.
"I'm still responsible, I just felt so good, and wanted, and let them lead me on. It was so exciting and empowering. I lost my head." Cassie replied.
"I understand, it does feel good, I enjoy letting men see me, there's a rush that some of us feel, I can tell you do too." The woman said, with a wink.
"There were some women eying you as well," interjected Hal.
"Oh, I know, that was even more exciting in a strange way," Said Cassie.
"I know what you mean. My name's Judy by the way," answered the woman.
"I'm Cassie, and this is Harold, Hal," said Cassie.
"Pleased to meet you both, but perhaps we should move along," said Judy.
The three of them moved away from the pond and wound their way towards a small stand of trees. Judy explained why the organizers had sponsored this festival and delicately explained to Cassie why they didn't want anyone to complain about sexual activities at the festival as it would detract from the main purpose. Cassie and Hal understood and pledged some financial support to the group.
After wandering around for another half hour, listening to the music, meeting more people and generally having a good time, Cassie suggested that they go home. She never put her top on, driving home topless and giggling all the way.
Hal was sure that they would have some excellent sex that night and more to come. He was also intrigued by Cassie's wanting them to find more occasions for her to show herself. She even suggested a dinner party where she would be naked, or at least topless.
"It would be fun to have our friends over. I think I would really get off if all the other women kept their clothes on, but it's OK if they wanted to strip down as well."
"You wand to be the only one naked?" Asked Hal.
"Yes, I think there may be something fun about it. I've dreamed of it lately. I got really turned on. But I wouldn't mind if others would too. Maybe there's something about the humiliation." She said.
Soon they were home, and after showering Cassie spent the rest of the day, and many more days, at home nude.