This is a continuation of this series, if you don't read at least part 1, you probably won't understand the setting very well.
When Mike awoke a second time, Fifi was gone and Stephanie was still mostly covered in cum sleeping on the floor beside him. He felt a little from napping on the floor, and when he reached up to rub his neck, he realized that he had a business card in his hand. It was Fifi's, and scrolled across the front was written, "We should work together sometimes.
Mike thought about waking Stephanie, but he decided against it. So, he went to the faux living room in the leasing office and grabbed a throw pillow and blanket. He covered her and tried to make her comfortable before closing the door to her office and heading back to his apartment.
It was about 5 in the afternoon, and he still felt exhausted and starving. Over the last several days he figured he had burned more calories than in any of his most extreme workouts. He grabbed some raw taco shells and munched on them as he fixed a massive protein shake and four veggie burgers. Aahna was a vegetarian, so he had tried to cut meat out whenever possible to accommodate her.
She never asked him to, and she wouldn't of said anything, but he was trying to make her stay as comfortable as possible. At first, it was simply because living with him could be extremely difficult, with his random discharges and constant nudity. But then, as he got to know her, he just wanted to make her happy.
After adding an entire bag of steak fries and polishing off an entire pint of butter pecan ice cream, he felt stuffed. He laid down on the couch and was out before he knew that he needed a nap.
Chen Mú became fast friends with Aahna when they were both stuck in the same registration line at their college for hours. They talked non-stop in line, and then continued the conversation for hours after registration. They ended up with several classes together too. In the short month and a half that they had known each other, they had become best friends, almost like sisters.
So, when Aahna said that she had a great job opportunity for her, she jumped at it. She had been cleaning porn sets for barely minimum wage for the past six months, and that was six months too long. Scrubbing cum, and mopping up squirt grossed her out at first, but she quickly got used to it. What she couldn't stand was how little they thought of her and treated her.
Many of the directors on the sets that she worked for either assumed she didn't speak English, or they had an unhealthy fetish for Chinese women. Several of them tried to get her into their film. Which she wasn't completely opposed to, simply because she was a desperate broke college student. But she couldn't abide the fact that they all wanted her to perpetuate the stereotype of the soft-spoken super meek geisha girl.
That was in no way who she was. She was actually quite outspoken and confident. Not to mention her breast size was about five times bigger than the type of geisha girl they wanted. She was actually proud of her breasts. Most of her Asian friends were roughly A-cups, while she was closer to D. Chen loved standing out, and they helped her to do just that.
Aahna warned her that the job might freak her out at first, but for free room and board and 300 bucks a month, Aahna was willing to do just about anything. She couldn't help it. Her dad had always been super money focused. He always used to tell her to take every opportunity to get ahead that she could.
Chen was more curious than grossed out when Aahna told her about Mike's condition. Truth be told, she had always loved the taste of cum. Not only that, but she saw blow jobs as a power she held over the men she slept with. They weren't cumming until she granted it, and she could get a man to do just about anything she wanted when she had his magic wand in her hands.
Chen also thought Aahna was exaggerating how much cum he could actually release. This job would be a cake walk, and she might get a little action out of it too, if she played her cards right.
It was about ten at night when they pulled into the apartment complex. Chen was so confident this job would work out, that she immediately packed a suitcase and moved out of the tiny attic she had been living in.
"I'm not sure if he will be awake or not. He's typically asleep by the time I get home." Aahna explained as she unlocked the door.
Chen was pleasantly surprised to see that Mike had a physique to rival Chris Hemsworths'. He was also butt naked sleeping on the couch, with an erection the size of a large cucumber. Her decision to forgo underwear this morning was coming back to bite her in the pussy. Especially since she was wearing yoga pants. The silky material rubbing against her lips, combined with what she was seeing, was making her quite warm.
Aahna turned to Chen and smiled. "Watch this." She whispered. As she knelt down beside him on the couch and started giving him a blowjob. Aahna hadn't mentioned that they were a couple and exhibitionists. So Chen was shocked but also even more aroused.
Chen sat in a nearby chair licking her lips and unconsciously caressing the crotch of her pants. Mike started to rouse and that was when she realized she was touching herself. She couldn't bare to stop though. So she stood and rushed to the bathroom muttering something about having to pee.
When she sat on the toilet a liquid defiantly came out, but it wasn't pee. Chen bit down hard on her finger to not cry out in pleasure. Her loins were still hot as the sun though, so she masturbated three more times.
In the meantime, as soon as Mike awoke, the combination of Aahna sucking on him and some amazing butt in yoga pants exiting the room, caused him to cum immediately. Aahna swallowed most of it, but about a cups worth landed on the floor. Aahna took the chair Chen had vacated.
"Thanks." Mike said, still a little groggy. "Did I see someone else here?"
"Yea, my friend Chen. She's the cleaner I told you about."
"Oh, great, we didn't freak her out did we?"
"No, she just had to use the bathroom." Then Aahna notice a business card on the end table. "What's this?" She asked as she picked it up.
Mike smiled and said, "Funny story." And he proceeded to tell her about what happened with Stephanie and the porn star earlier that day.
"Wow, that's crazy. I'm so proud of you going outside." Aahna had a smile on her face, and was proud that he had the courage to go out without her, but there was a small part of her, that felt a little jealous. "So, are you going to call her?"
"I doubt it, despite what the last couple days might suggest, I'm actually kind of shy."
They heard the toilet flush, the sink run, and then saw Chen step out of the bathroom. Chen was breathing deeply trying to catch her breath and get the pink out of her cheeks. She couldn't believe she had just masturbated in a strangers' bathroom.
As she walked back in, Mike smiled and sat up to shake her hand. Even his smile made her knees week. The smile didn't last long though, as he accidentally stepped in the cum still on the ground. Mike winced and said, "Eww, I didn't realize I was down there."
Mike started to stand up to get something to clean it up, but Chen said, "No, please, let me, that is what you're hiring me for."
"Are you sure?"
"Absolutely." Chen said as she pulled a wet wipe out of her purse and lowered to her knees in front of Mike. "Here, let me see your foot." She took his foot and started wiping the cum off the bottom.
Mike was surprised by how gentle and soft her touch was. Chen quickly realized that she was almost fetishising his foot with how gentle she was being. But it wasn't his foot she was eyeing. She quickly looked away and cleaned the floor before going to the kitchen and throwing the wet wipe away.
'I knew Aahna was exaggerating.' Chen thought. 'This is not that much cum at all.'
As Chen walked back into the room, Mike asked. "Are you sure this isn't too weird or gross for you?"
Chen smiled and said, "After you've mopped up the set of Godzilla Bukake 12, nothing's too crazy." They all laughed. "One thing though, I noticed there were only too bedrooms. So, I was wondering where I would be sleeping?"
"Oh yea, sorry, we didn't even think about that. I'll order another bed online tomorrow."
"So you too aren't sleeping together?" Chen asked.
Both Mike and Aahna blushed and stumble over each other's words. "No, I mean yes, I mean, we've had sex, but we aren't a couple." Aahna Explained.
"Yea, Aahna, doesn't believe in rushing into relationships, which I completely respect."
The sudden awkwardness between the two made it obvious to Chen that they actually cared a lot about each other, but something was stopping them from being a couple. She wasn't sure what though. "That's OK, Aahna and I can bunk together until then."
"Yea, that works." Agreed Aahna. "Speaking of which, I have to be up early, so I need to head that direction now."
"I'll join you after I take a shower. The set I had to clean up today, let's just say the lead actress forgot what time of the month it was." They all shuttered at that visual before saying goodnight.
Chen used the removable shower head to make herself cum two more times before finishing her shower. Once she was dry, she threw on a t-shirt and panties and stepped out. She figured if Mike could walk around nude, she could at the very least go bottomless. As soon as she turned left towards her room, she heard a gasp and then a grunt behind her.
Then Chen felt a heavy blast of wet cum hit the back of her panties. The amount and force was more powerful than she had ever experienced before. And that was just the first blast. He panties and legs were quickly covered in Mike's cum.
"I'm SO sorry. I was going to the bathroom to empty out my balls before I went to bed, and then I saw your amazing butt and legs and nature just took over."
Chen turned slowly and surveyed not only the amount of cum, but the distance it had flown. Mike was still standing in the doorway of his bedroom, a good five feet away. She felt her mind-blowing. She was also starting to feel wet again, and not just because of the cum. The only reason she didn't jump Mike right then and ride him all night, was his relationship, however complicated it may be, with Aahna. "It's OK."
Chen pulled her shirt off and started mopping the cum up with it. Despite her loyalty to her friend, she couldn't help but stroke her own fire by feeding her exhibitionism. Mike's eyes were suddenly transfixed on her large tits, and his shaft started rising again. Chen started to wonder if this guy was human as he ran to the bathroom and shot another ridiculously huge load into the shower.
'Godzilla's got nothing on this guy.' Chen thought.
"I'm sorry again, you just have really sexy breasts."
Chen smiled at the compliment. "Thanks. I think they are my best feature."
"To be honest, from what I could see of your butt, it's not for behind. No pun intended."
They both laughed as Chen finished cleaning the floor and stepped into the bathroom. "I'm sorry again. Don't worry about the shower, I'll clean it up."
"No, that's my job. Plus, I kind of need another shower now."
"I'm sorry that your clothes are dirty now too."
"Stop apologizing, this is still ten times better than my previous job." Chen meant it too. Despite being about on par for the amount of work. Mike was so much nicer and more respectful than anyone at the studio. "Now, go to bed before my tits cause you to create more of a mess." She joked.
As Mike left the bathroom, Chen couldn't help but stare at his butt. She thought the view here was much better too. At the studio, she came in after the filming was done, so she never got to actually even see any of the action.
Chen pulled off her panties, and was about to drop them in the hamper, but then she stopped. She couldn't help herself, she tentatively stuck out her tongue and tasted the cum on her panties. She couldn't believe how good it was. Chen immediately started licking the panties clean of cum.
When she finished, she climbed in the shower and cleaned the wall before turning the spray to her pussy again. She was half-way through her second orgasm when she realized the bathroom door was still open. At this point she didn't care though. She finished, dried off, and climbed into bed with Aahna. Chen didn't even worry about putting on any clothes.
She laid their for an hour, but couldn't get to sleep. Chen was still super horny, and masturbation wasn't going to cut it anymore. She needed a human touch. That was when a crazy thought came to her mind. She looked over and saw her best friend. The beautiful caramel skin of her face. Chen could just barely make out her nipple prints through the thin t-shirt.
She had never admitted this to anyone, let alone acted on it, but Chen actually found the female form quite attractive. If given the option, she would take a man every day of the week. But she had always been curious about sex with a woman.
But she couldn't, her family was very traditional. Chen worried that she would accidentally spill the beans to her parents if she ever gave into those desires. The other problem was, that she worried having sex with her best friend would make things weird.
But Chen couldn't get thoughts of sex out of her mind. She had to get some kind of release. Chen couldn't hold it any longer. She folded her pillow in half and shoved it between her legs. Then she folded the blanket down so that she could see her friends entire body.
Aahna was wearing a plain white pair of panties, a thin white t-shirt, and nothing else. Her smooth tan legs belonged in a shave jell commercial. Aahna was laying on her back and Chen thought for a moment on how to do this without waking her. She started by slowly raising the hem of her T a little.
Chen kissed her friend just above the pantie line and left a trail of them to her belly button. She then carefully inched the shirt up until Aahna's small but perky tits came into view. The nipples were ripe cherries ready for eating. Chen used her tongue to trace a figure 8 around her breasts. Then she shrunk the 8 until the hoops merely contained her aerola's.
Chen started sucking on her best friends left nipple. By this point, she was soaking the pillow he had placed between her legs. Aahna moaned in her sleep, and Chen stopped immediately.
Aahna stayed unconscious though, and against her better judgment, Chen continued. She delicately began peeling Aahna's panties down until they were completely off. Chen admired the beauty of her friends small shaved lips before tenderly kissing them. Then she guided her legs a little more open, and teased her friends slit with her tongue, before moving to her clit.
Aahna moaned and half stirred. In a mostly asleep voice, Aahna asked, "What's going on?"
Chen pulled her mouth back and said, "Aahna, go back to sleep, you're dreaming."
She moaned and did just that. Chen got back to tonguing her friends pussy, which was now quite wet as well. Chen needed some reciprocal attention at this point, so she straddled her friends thigh and began grinding against it. She started kissing Aahna's neck tenderly before leading the kisses to her ear.
Aahna roused slightly again. "Am I still dreaming?"
"Yes."
"Then it's a good dream."
"Yes it is, now just go with the dream."
Aahna, still mostly asleep reached up and started playing with Chen nipples. Chen reciprocated, and then started kissing her friend passionately on the lips. The old Katy Perry song briefly flooded into her mind as she no longer cared if she woke her friend up or not.
Chen began grinding her pussy into Aahna's, and Aahna began flexing her hips in response. She had watched tribbing videos online before, but they never did the actual act justice. They moaned into each other's mouths as their humping sped up. Chen knew she should be worried that Mike might hear and check on them, but that thought only got her more turned on.
Their pussies were soaping wet now, and their orgasms were building fast. The image of a train hurtling towards an unfinished track off a cliff edge came to Chen's mind. Seconds later they both tensed up and came simultaneously. Their mouths were wide open and centimeters apart, but no breath was moving through either.
Chen's orgasm finally passed, and she collapsed onto her friends sweaty body. Aahna, still thinking she was dreaming, wrapped her arms around her friend and fell back asleep. Chen just laid their for a minute. This moment was so beautiful and peaceful, and her orgasm was so intense and enjoyable, but it only stoked her fire for more.
She couldn't risk waking Aahna up again. Even if she could, she knew what she needed. She needed something big and hard inside of her. Nothing else would do. So, she got out of bed and recovered her friend with her blanket.
Chen opened the door to her room and was about to sneak into Mike's room, when she noticed the living room like was on. She stepped into the living room and saw Mike watching TV.
Mike noticed her nude form instantly, as did his little friend. As it started growing, he said, "I'm sorry, was the TV too loud? I couldn't sleep after napping this afternoon."
Chen marched towards him and straddled his lap. She held his hand and looked down into his eyes. "What did I say about apologizing?" Then she kissed him long and hard. As soon as she felt his shaft rise into position, she lowered herself onto it.
Chen threw her head back with her mouth wide open. It was like she finally got to scratch an itch that had bothered her for a thousand years. She buried Mike's face into her tits as she started slowly moving up and down like the horses on a carousel as it's first starting up. Mike's hands roamed over Chen's beautifully smooth butt.
Mike sucked a nipple into his mouth and nuzzled the other breast with the side of his head. Chen started kissing Mike again and his hands took the place of his mouth on her tits. In less than ten minutes, they were both cumming. Chen took his load until it hurt from the pressure of so much cum. Then she slid up and off of it, before coming back down and her butt cheeks slid down his shaft and aimed his blasts forward.
Chen wrapped her arms around Mikes neck and nuzzled her face against his. "I just couldn't stop thinking about you. When you came on me, I got so turned on. I hope this doesn't make things awkward with Aahna."
Mike chuckled. "Has she not told you about what we did last weekend?"
"She said you guys had some great sex."
"That's not the half of it."
Chen could feel Mike's cum oozing out of her onto Mike deflating erection. "Why don't you tell me about it, while I clean you up?"
So, while Chen licked all the cum off of him, and started in on a blowjob, Mike told the story of this past weekend. When he got to the part about the Sophie threesome, he started cumming again. Chen tried in vain to swallow it all, before finally pulling off and letting the rest fly over her onto the floor behind her and onto her hair and face.
Chen took some cum from her face and lubed Mike up again. This time though, she jerked him off with her tits. The next time he came, was when he was talking about cumming in the porn star. This time, it covered her face, hair, tits, and stomach.
Mike looked it the beautiful Asian woman, nearly unrecognizable under all the cum, and asked, "Do women really like being covered in cum."
Chen grabbed a handful of nearby tissues and wiped most of it off her face. "It depends on the woman. For me, it's two things. One, your cum taste's amazing. Two, it's kind of like a trophy. The more cum I can draw out of a guy, the more I know I turned him on. Also, a guy can't fake an orgasm like a woman can. So there is no more honest moment for a guy, than when he's cumming."
Mike thought about that as Chen went and got a towel to clean up the mess on the floor. She got on her hands and knees in front of him and started scrubbing. Mike couldn't let that go, and he entered her from behind. They both came two more times like this as Chen cleaned.
In the end, They needed two more towels to mop up all the cum and squirt. Mike helped her clean despite her protests. Secretly, she was happy for the help though. That much cleaning would have taken all night. They wished each other goodnight, and went to bed.
The next morning, Aahna was trying to be quiet as she was getting dressed. But Chen still stirred a little and made small talk. "You know, I had the craziest dream that we had sex last night, and it was good." Aahna joked.
Chen smiled and joked back, "Well, anytime you want to try it, let me know."
"I might just do that." Aahna's answer woke Chen up, in more ways than one.
(To be continued.)
(By the way, if anyone wants to write a story called, "Godzilla Bukake 12" go for it. lol)