Part 4 -- Jenna gets levitated
The sign said Willard Industries.
It was a small warehouse in an industrial complex. Martin parked by the front door. Jenna re-dressed herself. They got out of the Mercedes and walk up to the door. Jenna opened it and they entered a small office/reception area. There was another door, marked 'Private.' Jenna turned the doorknob. The door was unlocked. They entered a workshop.
In front of them was a table floating in the air about one foot off the warehouse floor. There were black Velcro straps around each leg of the table.
To their right was a desk. Beside it was short man with uncombed white hair. He held a machine that was about the size of a mid-sized radio.
"Are you Professor Willard?" Martin asked.
"Yes, I am," he said. "But I'm too busy to talk."
He was absorbed in his work. He didn't look up.
"I just can't get the distance right," he said. "Watch what happens when I move the table further away."
Was he talking to them?
The table slowly floated further into the warehouse as if moved by invisible hands. Suddenly, it began to wobble in the air. Just as it reached the back of the workshop, the table fell to the concrete floor landing on its four legs with a thud.
"See. I just can't get solve the distance problem."
He put the machine on the desk.
Jenna was fascinated. She put her purse on the desk by the machine and walked over to examine the table, her heels clicking on the floor.
Meanwhile, Martin talked to the Professor.
"It's a levitation transmitter machine," the Professor said.
Martin introduced himself as a potential investor. He what to know all about the Professor's machine and how it operated.
"It's really quite simple," Willard said. "I levitate these Velcro straps with radio waves from the transmitter. Anything that's attached to those straps defies gravity. But the problem is that I have to be within twenty feet for it to work."
"Will these straps levitate anything?"
"Oh, my, yes. Tables, chairs, even a piano."
"What about a person?"
"Of course, as long as they're wearing the straps. But as I said, the person or object has to be within twenty feet of the transmitter."
"Show me. Levitate Jenna."
"Are you serious," she said.
"Do it, professor," Martin said.
Willard walked across the room and removed the four Velcro straps from the table that was now standing on its legs on the floor, just like a normal table.
"Put out your hands, my dear. This won't hurt a bit. As matter of fact, it'll be a lot of fun."
She looked at Martin, who nodded his head. She put out her arms.
"Please don't worry, my dear. I'm done it to myself, even though it's a bit awkward to float and work the dials at the same time."
Willard wrapped a Velcro strip around each wrist. He got on his knees and wrapped one around each ankle. He blushed when he saw that she wasn't wearing any underwear. She looked down at him and smiled coyly, an amused glint in her eye.
He escorted her back to the desk, where he got two additional straps from the desk drawer. He wrapped one around her waist and the other around her neck.
"You're all set," he said. "Put your arms straight up in the air as though you're reaching for the ceiling."
Jenna did so.
Willard picked up the levitation machine and turned a dial. Jenna gently rose into the air as though pulled by invisible wires. Her feet slipped out of her shoes that remained on the warehouse floor. She was about two feet off the floor.
He turned another dial and Jenna floated horizontally, face down, in a Superman position. She was about three feet above the warehouse floor.
"How do you feel?" Martin asked.
"It's the strangest sensation," she said. "It's as though I'm floating in the air, with no up or down. I can move my fingers and toes but not my arms and legs. I can turn my head, but that's it. I can't move anything else."
"There's no stress or pull on any of the muscles," Willard said to Martin. "I made sure of that. All of the bands work together to ensure that she floats comfortably."
"Let me try," Martin said.
Willard handed him the machine. Martin turned one of the dials. Jenna rotated ninety-degrees. Now, she was facing the ceiling parallel with the concrete floor.
"It's like I'm floating on top of the water," she said. "Except that I can't feel anything against my body. It's amazingly restful. I could fall asleep like this."
She was so comfortable and relaxed that she forgot that the purpose of her visit was to confront Willard about the $10 cheque that he forged into $10,000.
She was literally floating on air.
Another turn of the dial and she was vertical but upside-down with her feet in the air and the tips of her red hair touching the floor. The bottom part of her sundress now covered her torso. The Velcro band around her waist prevent the dress from completely falling off her body.
In this position, she was naked and exposed from her waist to her toes, albeit upside-down.
"Hey," she said. "Put me upright."
Instead of complying, Martin slowly turned her around in a corkscrew fashion.
"Oh, my," Willard said as he carefully examined her pussy and ass as she gently rotated in a circle in front of him.
Martin turned the dial again and she was back to being parallel to the floor, facing the ceiling. Her sundress was bunched at her hips.
"Can I separate her arms and legs?" Martin asked.
"The two dials at the bottom," said Willard.
Martin turned one dial and Jenna's arms moved apart. She was now in a T-position with her arms straight out.
He turned the other dial and her legs separated.
"What do you think you doing?" she protested.
She was now floating in the air, with her arms outstretched away from her body, her legs extended as wide as possible, without any underwear, wide-open and defenseless.
"Oh, my," Willard said again.
She was totally exposed before two men, one of whom she met yesterday, and the other a half-hour ago. She was mortified, embarrassed, and humiliated at being in such a vulnerable position, while also thrilled, excited, and incredibly turned-on to be openly displayed.
In the car, she'd decided when and how to expose herself. Now she was no longer in control. She was a slave. An abject creature subjugated to Matin's whims and the power of Willard's machine.
"What happens if someone gets between the machine and Jenna?"
"Nothing. It's all radio waves."
Martin put the transmitter on the desk and walked over to Jenna.
He stood between her open legs. They were at the height of his chest. Martin pushed her dress up to the Velcro belt around her waist. He rubbed his knuckles along her narrow strip of closely trimmed pubic hair.
"Stop that," she said.
"Quiet," he sneered. "Remember our deal. You're to do everything I say, and right now I'm telling you to shut up while I test the limits of Willard's machine."
She tried to wiggle away but couldn't. The Velcro straps were holding her in place. Immobile. It was no use to struggle. She might as well relax and let him fondle her.
He ran his fingertips back and forth across her mons, letting his hands follow her natural curves, teasing the edges of her labia.
She didn't want to admit it but was enjoying his touch. She closed her eyes and relished in the stimulation he was causing in her pussy.
Willard watched in fascination at what was happening to her. The relaxation of her body. The smile on her face.
Martin told Willard to raise her up. When she was parallel with his face, floating on her back with her cunt inches from his face, he said, "Stop."
She could feel his breathe on her pussy. She kept her eyes closed in anticipation of his touch. Would he lick, stoke, probe?
He moved closer.
Her legs were as far apart as possible. Her pussy was wide-open at the level of his mouth.
He gently kissed her outer lips. He concentrated on the area around her clitoris. His tongue teased her pussy lips, stroking them, slipping between then. His touch was delicate. He probed her inner folds and clit with reptilian slowness, arousing her in a most delicious way.
She was becoming wet with anticipation.
His hands cupped her ass cheeks, spreading them wider. His index finger rubbed her sphincter as his tongue darted into her pussy lapping her juices.
She bit her lip to stifle a loud moan. No one had ever roused her quite like this before. The touch of his tongue on her clit shot jolts of electricity throughout her body. She was on fire, but she didn't want to give him the satisfaction of bring her to a climax. She wanted to show that she was in control. She wanted to hold out. She wanted to wait. But she couldn't. This man could really lick pussy!
"Eat me, Martin," she screamed.
Instead, he raised his head from her crotch.
"What the fuck are you doing?" she said. She was almost in tears with disappointment. "I was at the edge. Why'd you stop?"
He ignored her and instead looked at Willard.
"Lower her to waist height," he said.
How could he be so mean, with her legs apart and her pussy open and wet? What kind of a bastard brings you to the point of an orgasm and then stops?
Martin walked to the desk and removed the vibrator from the outside pocket of Jenna's purse. He returned to her, turned the vibrator to its highest level, and began to massage her clitoris.
The stimulation caused her to scream. Willard's mouth fell open as he watched.
She was unable to move her pussy out the way of the vibrator. Not that she wanted to. The sensation was fabulous. Every nerve in her body was shrieking with excitement and pleasure. Her breathing became faster. Perspiration formed on her brow.
There was nothing she could do. She was helpless, panting, and floating in the air as Martin aroused her clit. She didn't want him to ever stop. This was heaven.
Abruptly, he removed the vibrator from her clit.
"Bastard," she yelled. This was driving her crazy, being aroused to the point of a climax and then seconds before it erupted, he pulled away the stimulation. She wasn't sure how much more of this she could take. She took deep breathes to return her breathing to normal.
"What happens if I try to push her?" Martin asked.
"The tension is adjustable," Willard said. "Right now, her body wouldn't move even if you pulled her with a tow truck. Which I don't suggest you do."
Martin pushed her pussy with the palm of his hand.
"Stop it. That hurts."
She remained stationary.
He smirked at her as one and then two of his fingers disappeared into her cunt.
"Ooh," Jenna moaned softly as she looked at the ceiling. Maybe he was going to bring her to a climax after all. First his tongue, then the vibrator, and now his fingers. This was great.
He probed her with his fingers in her vagina. She didn't move.
He pulled his two fingers in and out of her cunt. She remained in place and purred like a cat.
"Release the tension," Martin said.
Willard turned a dial.
With his fingers still in her pussy, he moved her around the warehouse as easily as if she was a feather on the tip of his finger. As he did so, he gently massaged her inner regions. She closed her eyes and let her body enjoy the sensual sensations, unable to move her arms or legs.
Martin's fingers explored the core of her universe, slowly raising havoc within her pussy. She was immobile and being finger fucked. She could feel that elusive climax coming on.
"Be careful not to get more than twenty feet away from the transmitter," Willard said. "Otherwise, she'll fall to the ground."
They'd travelled about fifteen feet from Willard and the desk.
Her breathing was rapid. She was at the edge. His fingers massaging inside her, sending her soaring. She was flushed, her entire body perspiring. Just one more moment and then she'd be there.
Unexpectedly, he pulled his fingers out of her.
"Son-of-a-bitch," she screamed. "Don't fuckin' stop."
She was stationary, parallel to the floor, with arms and legs stretched as far apart as possible, once more on the verge of an orgasm, ready to cum. If she had been a cock-tease in the car, he was being a cunt-tease in the warehouse bringing her to the edge and then backing off repeatedly. The swine.
He turned the vibrator to its lowest level and reapplied it her clitoris. Enough to stimulate her without having her cum. He used it to push her slowly through the air back to the desk and Willard's machine.
He turned the vibrator to medium.
"AAAAH," Jenna moaned loudly. She was ready. This was it. Just a second more and she'd erupt.
Unexpectedly, he turned off the vibrator.
"Asshole," she shouted. She hated him. She was wet and fully aroused. Her sex juices were beginning to roll slowly out of her vagina mixed with the perspiration from between her legs.
"You can't leave me hanging. I'm almost there."
"I think I've seen enough," Martin said to Willard. "I like your devise and I have a plan for how to use it profitably."
How could he talk business to Willard and ignore her? What kind of a monster was he?
Martin ducked underneath her leg and walked up to her face.
She was whimpering. An animal in heat.
"Make me cum," she pleaded. "Please Martin."
"I will, if you agree to my proposal."
He bent over and whispered in her ear. His right arm rested on her abdomen, his wrist on her pubic hair. He resumed massaging her clit with the vibrator on a low setting.
She listened to his suggestion, eyes closed, breathing deeply, floating in the air, being slowly brought to the edge once more. Would he finally let her cum?
"Do you like my idea?" he asked as he turned the dial on the vibrator to its highest level.
Her pent-up desire tore through her loins. She inhaled sharply and then screamed, "Yes.... OH MY GOD... YES!"
Ever fiber of her being exploded. It was the ultimate orgasm of her life. It was so intense and yet she was unable to move any part of her body. What a strange sensation, an enormous mind-blowing orgasm while levitated. And all occurring without having a cock thrust into her pussy.
"What do you think?" Martin asked when her breathing returned to normal. "Will you do it?"
----------
That evening, during dinner, Jenna asked "How was your day at school?"
"Two kids cut my morning Algebra class," he said. "Then they showed up at school after lunch. I gave them a detention, but they didn't seem to mind. They were showing their friends videos they'd filmed on their phones. How was your day?"
She decided to make a clean breast of it. She told him that while they were on holidays in Jamaica, Alice gave Professor Willard a cheque for $10 that he fraudulently changed to $10,000. Martin found the payment and said that because Jenna had signed the cheque, she was ultimately responsible. She could go to jail for defrauding the Foundation out of $10,000.
She didn't tell him that Martin used that information to blackmail her. A blowjob and sex yesterday. Anal sex and a blowjob this morning.
"Willard used the ten grand to invent a levitation devise," she said. "Martin and I went to his workshop this afternoon to see it."
She explained how the machine operated and that she's been levitated, without mentioning that she'd had the most intense orgasm while floating three feet off the ground.
"Martin suggested that we use the levitation devise at this Saturday's fundraiser. Any money we make we'll use to reimburse the Foundation. Martin says that it'll be viewed as a good faith payment and so I probably won't have to go to jail."
"That great news," Sam said. "And I think Martin's idea is great. I'll bet lots of people would pay big bucks to float in the air. I would."
That wasn't Martin's proposal. It had nothing to do with other people floating in the air. Only Jenna.
While cleaning up after dinner, Sam rubbed Jenna's butt through her sundress.
"No underwear again?" he asked.
Instead of explaining, she led him to the bedroom, where they stripped, and climbed naked into bed.
"There's more to this levitation idea," she said stroking his penis.
She provided the additional details of Martin's plan.
"So? What do you think of Martin's idea?"
He was silent, his gaze fixed on the bedroom ceiling.
On the second day of their recent Jamaican holiday, Sam became ill and spent the rest of the week in bed. She never told him that to pay for his medical bills she'd been blackmailed into being the Thursday evening entertainment for the resort's guests. Now she wanted his permission.
She rolled on top of him, lining up his throbbing cock between her labia. She stroked his shaft teasingly with her hand before letting it lance up into willing pussy. She rode him with all her might. Her breasts bounced wildly. They fucked with rampant energy and enthusiasm, moaning, and sweating. Happily bouncing on the mattress.
She wanted his support, his approval of Martin's idea. So, so she rode him harder, up and down, squeezing with her pussy muscles. She could tell he was about to cum.
"I'm won't do the fundraiser if you say no," she said.
"Ooooooh," was his only response as his hot spunk fill her wet pussy.
"Aaaaaaah." She'd lost count of how many times she'd screamed in orgasmic pleasure that day.
She rolled off him. They were both exhausted.
"What did you say to Martin?" he asked eventually.
"I told him I'd think about it."
I hope you liked this story. The adventures continue in Blackmailed: Jenna's Funfair.