AUTHOR'S NOTE:: This is an updated version of a work published in 2016. It includes corrections in grammar and plot inconsistencies. This story is based on a publicly masturbating girl that just can't take much more.- ALL CHARACTERS ARE OVER THE AGE OF 18 - KQ
*****
Angela stepped off the curb and crossed her way over to the park. It was a warm, yet somewhat muggy night, which was uncommon for mid-April. Her long shirt hung wide and low which accentuated the width of her hips, but concealed the pudge of her belly that protruded over and rested on top of her waist. She wasn't exactly happy with her new appearance over the last couple of years, but in a unique way, she was now appreciating and playing with it as a sexual wonderland, almost as if it were foreplay for her pussy,whenever she wanted to; and right now, she really wanted to.
As she walked through the park, things seemed all intoxicating. There was a very live and unidentifiable scent that hung in the air that lined an ever-so-slight breeze that was already carrying the fond smell of spring. There were lights with black cast-iron bases and large white globes that were screwed into the top, emitting a light orange like glow from the bulbs inside. It was plentifully romantic and was often accompanied by many swooning lovers following the path that wound through the park. Angela's heart began to feel a little fuller with that thought, something that added to her already heightened her high level of arousal. She was never much for romance, but rather had more into a direct approach to sex. She loved a short and light foreplay or seduction before moving hard into sex with herself. There wasn't really anything hard about sex for her, but certainly aggressive while maintaining the importance of equal satisfaction. Her mind began to swirl with ideas of what she should/shouldn't and could/couldn't do as her arousal was starting to hit a peak. Maybe she could do it - or better should do it - with Tracy and Tori as she looked back on the situation she just experienced in the bathroom stall. There were so many things about that incident that Tracy and Tori didn't know. And oh - the things she had wanted them to know since she became friends with them!
At first, the full admission that Tori had gotten from Tracy that she had been rubbing herself in the bathroom stall was instantly enough to push a heavy run of cum through her pussy, coating her fleshy lips. She had never experienced a turn on like this should know that it was likely that it would never happen to her again, ever. The aggressive response of her small, round body when it was faced directly at Tracy's tits was all consuming as Tori became more insistent that Tracy spill the beans about just what she was doing in there. The animosity she was seeing was even more arousing. Her mind was completely blown.
Angela took a seat on one of the benches that lined the main brick patterned path in the park. She just kept playing the scene over and over in her head, reminding her of her story of how she got to where she is at this point in her life. Until now, Angela had never disclosed the real terms in which she left her school that was just across the state line, shortly before her sixth grade year at Susan B. Anthony.
Angela felt that being held back a year in school was punishment for what she did and what caused her family to hide in shame as she was a disgraceful girl to everyone. The embarrassment her parents went through while finding a way to afford out-of-state tuition for her. It may be, though, that this wasn't a true punishment, but more a lesson at the time that she was expelled. After seeing what she just saw just half an hour ago, it brought back the reasons of "why" to mind and reminded her of that young situation. No matter how she looked at it, it was so exciting and she'll never truly be sorry for it. She closed her eyes, just for a minute, and sat in thought.
Her mind flashed back to her old school. She and a very popular girl in her class, Shay, had been caught in the handicapped bathroom stall in the girl's locker room after school, very similar to what she experienced tonight. Unfortunately, Mrs. Bliven, the Athletic Director, was doing a final sweep of things and heard Shay squeal, which was when they knew they were knee deep in trouble. The following day there was a big conference with both Shay's and her parents in the school conference room with Principal Jacobs, Vice Principal Walters as well as Mrs. Bliven, who was there to divulge her findings.
Shay's status as a popular girl with financially sound parents was maintained after they offered a donation to the school and promised to handle punishment at home (which Angela knew would never happen because her parents were fairly lax on such things, but the fact remained money talks and even she knew that at a young age.)
Angela's parents met with Principal Walters after she was dismissed from the office, which resulted in her being expelled. Although it was an unfair act, Angela was surprisingly ok with Shay's lack of discipline when it was swept under the rug and she was free to return to her everyday school life. Angela never heard much from Shay again. In some ways, She never had seriously ill feelings toward Shay nor the situation, though she did have a lot of bitterness against her parents and the school that still rued within her today. She often thought that, if given the chance, she would do it again though, although with a slight bit more caution. Tonight's situation would have been ideal, but she restrained herself in fear of offending both of them.
Once Angela was expelled, it took no time for rumors to fly. It was well established that she was caught with another girl in the bathroom, though it wasn't known who the girl was, and that she had been expelled. Despite not being in school, kids would swing by her house and write obscene things on their sidewalks or threw toilet paper in the tree in their front yard. When consulted, the police would do nothing, which Angela later learned was because the Chief of Police was a strong anti-LGBT proponent, even kicking his own 14 year old daughter out of his house for what was seemingly little evidence.
When "dykes shall die'' showed up on the front of her house, it was the last straw. Fearing for Angela's safety, her mom and dad decided that it was time to move Angela somewhere safer..They felt that the increasingly threatening graffiti was too much to risk her staying with them, so she was sent to her aunt's house in the country. Once she was moved safely, her parents started exploring other schools that would have no contact with her old school. This is how Angela really ended up at Susan B. Anthony, about 15 minutes across the state line. Thankfully the move wasn't far from where her parents worked, so the only thing that was disrupted was Angela's schooling.
Angela opened her eyes. She again flashed back to tonight's events. She had to have more of it. The idea of peeing, which started this whole thing as well as knowing that Tracy was fingering herself in such a public place, was right up Angela's alley. With a PC in her room she was given for her 18th birthday, she had an ideal opportunity for her to shed her pants and panties (which may or may not have been present, no matter what she was wearing or where she had been that day) and unrestricted access to the porn world. Her status as a young lesbian with a seemingly endless drive led her to a wealth of content. She had complete access to that magical world right at her fingers anytime she wanted, something she took full advantage of. Always sitting bottomless when exploring the World Wide Web while her aunt wasn't home made that access even more satisfying, though her aunt had made it clear that she didn't mind her playing with herself as long as she stayed in her room.
Not that she really needed it, this still reinforced the need to finger herself into oblivion. She always covered the most important parts - her creamy cum coated her meaty lips, erect clit and sensitive asshole thoroughly. Angela had never thought that peeing was a thing that people would like during sex, as foreplay or during it, until she stumbled upon it late one Saturday evening. It suddenly caused her pussy to suddenly push heavy wet grool that leaked onto the black fabric of her chair, practically forcing her to look for so much more. She had to watch it. It became an obsession; although she didn't entirely pass off plain, simple lesbian or solo girl videos. It still turned her on. The pee videos were a lot different, though, and caused her to rub herself through an unknown number of orgasms by the time she reached bed, not to mention how raw she was the next day. Thankfully, she had that following Sunday to recover.
Angela stood up and went to the bathroom and sat down on the toilet. Opening her legs, she forced out a yellow stream which she ran her fingers through it, her pee spraying over the seat and onto the floor. This was new...so new and very exciting! What an awesome feeling, though she didn't know if it was because she was so horny or if it was a true pleasure. She had to try it the next morning when she got up when she wasn't so horny and could use the shower where it wouldn't make a mess. It turns out that it was just as much of a turn on then as it had been the night before.
Angela has drifted off into a haze. Suddenly she came to and realized that she had begun rubbing her hands over her crotch on the outside of her pants, right there in the open air park! Quickly, she stopped and looked around. Thankfully, with it being so late, no one was in the park, although a naughty thought had come to her almost instantly.
"I wonder if I could get off right here, just to see if someone sees me. This is on the main path and anyone can catch me..."
A naughty smile crookedly curled on her face, almost like the Grinch from the animated Grinch Who Stole Christmas. That thought caused another gush of grool to her outer pussy lips. There was now a visible wet spot in her crotch where her cum had leaked through panties. Her heart beat quicker the more she thought about it.
After another minute, she felt that it was naughty and daring enough to try because she was so turned on. Her thoughts were completely out of control. She swiftly unbuttoned and unzipped her pants, pushing them down to her hips, just enough to get her fingers inside but safe enough to look like she was still dressed, just in case someone came by (to be honest, she only liked the idea of possibly getting caught, not actually getting caught.) It was getting later and later as each minute passed now. As the town clock struck 11:00, her hand slid inside her pants and over the fuzz above her pussy until she found her clit. She made several passes down to get cumfrom coated her pussy and spreading it around. Angela wasted no time. She began rubbing her clit, which caused her to let out a very audible gasp and her head was thrown back with sudden ecstasy.
Angela paused. Lifting her head back up it and refocusing, her hips began to move in sync with her rubbing. Her hand felt constricted so she lowered her pants below her ass without any thought to the appearance of anyone that could pass. Lust had completely consumed her. She had reached a point where she didn't care whether she got caught or not. Euphoria rang through her body and caused her libido to go to 12 on a 10-based scale. Reaching back down to her legs, she resumed rubbing her soppy, sticky cunt, going right back to work. She just couldn't stand it anymore. She needed her cum!
Angela slammed her fingers inside her pussy, rubbing on the upper wall where it felt best. That soft patch helped her finish off so many times. She often wondered if one of those dildos with the curved tip would feel the same.
Angela returned to her clit, rubbing it vigorously, knowing full well that she was so close to cumming. There was so much slippery, slimey cum; a spot on the smooth wooden bench slat that it caused her to slide forward. Angela was ready to finish herself when something suddenly came to her attention.
She wasn't alone.
She pulled her fingers out and attempted to get her pants up, but it was far too late. There was giggling, meaning they were girls and more than one of them. Although she thought she should be stunned, the ice cold shivers of excitement coursed through her body brought more arousal than fear. With great dignity, she looked up the path to the right.
"Wow, we never knew you had it in you to be such an exhibitionist!" the voice chimed out. There was something familiar about it.
When she focused, still with her heart pounding and her breathing entirely labored, she felt relief. The voices she heard were very familiar for a reason.
It was Tracy and Tori. Tori spoke again.
"It seems like we all had unexpected and unbelievable secrets to share. Why don't you pull up your pants and we'll talk!" They both sat beside Angela as Tracy explained what happened after she left and Angela described what led her to where they caught her masturbating her pussy with reckless abandon. All 3 of them confessed just how hot they were. Tracy and Tori both confessed that they were both going to have fun when they each got home and Angela was going to see to the fact that she finished what she had started, even though she was going to have to endure the 15 minute car ride home first.
"You should come with us on Monday. I know the voice that echoed from the stall as we passed on our way out was someone I think I should know but can't figure out who it was," Tracy said. "I can almost bring it to mind, but I just can't seem to. Plus, the further we get away from it, the harder it is to hear it in my head, so I'm giving up on it.
"Yeah, I feel like we're in trouble, but we're both so excited!" Tori interrupted. "You do need to be punished, too, Angela. Maybe a little blackmail might help"
"HEY!" The two other girls laughed as they teased Angela. "Why me, though? I wasn't even there!"
"Because, you're guilty by association and wouldn't it be fun for the 3 Musketeers to be punished together? I think the thought is so exciting! I'm not going to sleep all weekend!" Tracy continued.
"Me either!" Tori agreed.
"I...I guess. It might be fun." Angela said hesitantly. "I'm not staying if she doesn't want me there." The realization that her desire to relive her younger self might actually be coming a reality.
"Oh you'll be wanted," Tori insisted.
Finally Angela caved. "Ok. If you're doing it, I'll do it."
"Yes! That's so awesome!" Tori and Tracy said, almost in unison.
"Come on," Angela said. "It's really late. We should get home."
The other 2 girls agreed. They followed the path to the far side of the park, going their separate ways, but all of their minds had one thing in common: Monday afternoon.