I had just discovered that my kid sister schemed to get me to have sex with her because she wanted to have my baby. She had been charting her ovulation for the past several months, and knew that she was fertile this particular weekend, so she got me back to her apartment for sex. After discovering her plan, I confronted Cassie in the kitchen, where she was preparing dinner. Cassie, still nude, slowly walked over to me and placed her hands on my shoulders.
"You remember a few minutes ago when you asked what I was wondering?" She asked.
"Yes, but what does that have to do with this?"
"I was wondering what our baby is going to look like."
"Our baby? Christ, Cassie, we can't fucking have a fucking baby!"
"If that test strip is right, then we're going to; and I hope its a boy and looks just like you. Now, sit down and enjoy your lasagna, you're going to be eating more of it in the future when we're living together; and after dinner, were fucking again just to make sure."
I was shocked, but for some inexplicable reason found this whole episode to be a turn on, and immediately came down from my anger.
"We need to talk about this, Cassie."
"Tell me that you don't love me, Tim. Just tell me that you don't love me, and we'll end it. I'll take a pill or something and end it, but I thought you'd want this as much as I do. Don't you want to have a baby with me?"
"Yeah, Cassie, I enjoy being with you; but a baby? What are you thinking?"
"I've noticed the way you've looked at me, Tim, and it's not the way a brother usually looks at a sister, and it didn't take you long to have sex with me. You didn't even ask if I was on birth control. You want this as much as I do, admit it."
She had me there. I enjoyed being with her, that's for sure; but to have a baby together, and to live together? That's a big step, one that I'm not sure I'm ready for.
"I don't know what to say, Cassie. Yeah, I loved having sex with you; but a baby? What would we tell people?"
"We wouldn't have to tell anyone it's yours. I could say that I got knocked up by someone at a party or something, it could be our little secret."
"It's not easy to keep a baby a secret, Cassie. What would dad say? What about your friends?"
"Niki thinks I'm having a new boyfriend over for the weekend, she doesn't know its you, I didn't tell her that. I could just say that I got pregnant from him or something, and not tell her who it was."
"That would explain the baby but what about us? What do we tell people about us?"
"You could be the good brother who takes care of his sister. I thought that I could move in with you, and you'd just be taking care of me."
"Dad will totally freak, Cassie. What are we going to tell him?"
"I'll just tell him that I got pregnant through a one night stand; anything like that. You know he doesn't believe in abortion. He'd want me to deliver it and then give it up for adoption. Then, maybe we could just raise it as our own or something."
"You're serious about this, aren't you? You want to have my baby and you want us to live together, like, permanently? Is this really something you want?"
"It's all I ever think about, Tim. I want to be with you. If you don't want the baby, then I'll have an abortion and wont tell anyone; nobody has to know. I just thought you'd be excited about it," she said as she started to cry.
This all obviously came on me too fast, and I wasn't sure what to say. Every time we went out together, even last night, I wished it were a real date. I've always thought that if she weren't my sister I would date her, but to live together?
"Don't cry, Cassie. We'll work this out somehow, but I'm not sure how people are gonna take this baby thing. Are you sure you're pregnant?"
"No, but I know that I'm fertile, so there's a good chance I could be."
"But you may not be, right?"
"Don't you want me to be?"
"I don't know, this all happened so quick. I'll need to give it some thought, and we'd have to come up with a good explanation if you are."
"I've wanted to live with you, but didn't know how you felt about it, and what other people might think if we were living together. I thought that if I got pregnant, then you could say that you're just taking care of me or something, and we could live in your apartment, and then we could raise out child together. I guess maybe I didn't think this through all the way."
I stood there for several minutes, looking at my nude sister standing before me, and thought again about the two of us living together. If we were already living together and she got pregnant, that would be difficult to explain; but this way, it could be the pregnancy that causes us to live together. People might suspect something, but they'd never know for sure.
"Even if you're pregnant, we would have some time to work this out, wouldn't we?"
"Yeah. If I'm pregnant, we would still have some time to figure things out. If I'm not, we could still work on that. I do want to live with you, and I do want to have your baby, Tim. It's what I've always wanted. I've never wanted anyone but you, and I've never been with anyone but you."
I pulled her nude body against mine and held her for several minutes. Yeah, her body against mine felt so good. I realized that I did want her.
"Why don't we eat dinner and talk about it, Tim?"
I wanted to eat dinner, but I didn't want to let her go, either. She felt so good; we felt so good together.
"All right then, lets eat, and then we'll talk this over some more."
"Good," she said as she turned and placed the lasagna on the table. We sat down and ate, trying to talk through the details.
We decided that we both wanted the same thing, to be together, and this might be a way to bring that about. I still wasn't certain about the baby thing, but she did agree to an abortion if we thought it wouldn't work out.
After we finished eating and doing the dishes, Cassie suggested that we go back to bed, and I agreed. Yeah, I was hooked on my sister, and the thought of the two of us living together and having a child was sinking in.
Cassie led me to the bedroom and dropped back on the bed, spreading her legs for me. I knelt down between them and started kissing her pussy and rubbing her breasts. The thought of making a baby with my sister was now a turn on for me, and I wanted her more than ever.
The taste of her pussy was something I could easily get used to, god she tasted so good. I started licking her harder and driving my tongue deep inside of my sister as far as I possibly could, tasting her sweet juices. I realized just how much we really wanted each other, and I wanted this weekend to last forever.
Cassie started squirming beneath me, and brought her hands to the back of my head, pressing my mouth harder against her crotch.
"God, eat me, Tim; that feels so good. Keep eating me."
I really didn't need her encouragement, but the way she was talking did excite me, so I ate her out, licking her outer area and sliding my tongue deep inside of her. I moved my hands down to her thighs and started rubbing them as I licked her pussy, grinding my face into her.
Cassie was getting more excited as I continued eating her. After a few minutes she suggested we get in a sixty-nine position so she could suck my hard cock, so I rolled over on my back, and Cassie climbed on top of me, placing her crotch directly above my face, and taking my hard cock into her mouth. I can't describe how good it felt to have my sister's mouth on my cock as she sucked me. I started bucking my hips up and down, driving my cock deeper down her throat, and she took it all the way, gagging some, but still took my entire length inside her mouth and throat.
I wet my finger, and while sucking at her pussy, started rubbing her pink pucker, which was driving her wild. I slid one finger into her ass, which she must have found stimulating, because she started sucking my cock harder, while yelling for me to eat her pussy and finger her. I slid in another finger while lapping away at her wet pussy.
Cassie and I were lost in our lust of one another, giving each other pleasure we never thought possible, but had each always wanted from each other. I continued eating my sister and fingering her ass, until I thought I was going to cum. I started bucking harder into her mouth.
Cassie finally stopped sucking me and said, "I can't get pregnant if you cum in my mouth. If you want this baby as much as I do, brother, fuck me. Oh god, please fuck me."
I immediately pulled Cassie down beside me, kissed her hard, and then brought the head of my cock to the entrance of her sex.
"Do you want to make a baby?" She asked.
"Oh fuck yes I want to make a baby," I said as I slid into her all the way.
"Then fuck me, Tim, fuck your sister and make a baby inside of her," she shouted.
I bought Cassie's right leg up over my hip and started fucking her hard. Now, the thought of having a baby with her was turning me on, and I fucked her harder than I had all weekend.
I looked down and the sight of my cock being buried inside of my sister was awesome. I wanted her. Yeah, I wanted her, and I wanted to make a baby with her.
Cassie rolled over on her stomach and asked me to fuck her from behind, so I lifted her up on her knees, mounted her and started fucking her from this angle, which was an entirely different feeling than before. I felt her beautiful ass as we made passionate love, running my fingers along her pucker. Cassie started thrusting back to meet me every time I thrust forward, causing my balls to slap against her.
After several minutes in this position, Cassie rolled over on her back again, grabbed my cock and slid it back into her, asking me to fuck her hard, which I did. I lifted her legs over my shoulders and rubbed her breasts as we made love. The sight of my sister's nude body beneath me was something I've always wanted, and we continued making love for several more minutes, until Cassie shouted that she was going to cum. I could feel the walls of her vagina contracting around my cock, milking me. I continued driving into her harder, until she came, and she came hard.
"Oh yes, fuck me, fuck me, Tim, I want your cum inside of me."
I thrust several more times before I emptied my balls deep inside of my sister, releasing several shots of sperm. I collapsed on top of her, and she held me inside of her by wrapping her legs around my hips. I leaned into her and kissed her, sliding my tongue deep inside of her mouth as she did the same to me. I licked the inside of her mouth with my tongue, savoring her taste. I kissed her several times, and then moved down to her breasts and started sucking them.
"O god, that feels so good, Tim. Keep sucking me."
I couldn't get enough of my sister. Yeah, I wanted her. I really wanted her.
I kissed and sucked her breasts for fifteen minutes or longer, until I was hard again. I spread her legs apart and could see my sperm leaking out of her pussy, and I entered her again and started thrusting into her a second time.
Cassie reached up and brought my face back down to hers and started kissing me wildly as we made love. I loved the feeling of my flesh against hers, and my cock inside of her.
Cassie reached down and brought her hands to my ass and pulled me deep inside of her. I felt her breasts while continuing to thrust in and out of her. I didn't last as long the second round, and soon was emptying a second load of sperm inside of my sister.
"God, that was great, Tim," Cassie exclaimed.
I rolled over on my side, still inside of her, and pulled her body next to mine.
I held her for ten or fifteen minutes before my cock finally slid out of her. Still, we held our embrace with our bodies against each other.
"I could stay like this forever," Cassie sighed.
"I could too," I replied as I let my hands drop down to my sister's firm ass, feeling it gently. Feeling it all over.
"You feel so good next to me, Cassie. Yeah, I want to be with you. We'll work this out."
"Good, cause I want to be with you, too."
After several more minutes, Cassie suggested that we shower, which sounded like a good idea to me.
We got out of the bed and walked into my bathroom. Cassie turned on the water, and as she leaned in to do so, I gazed upon her nude body, fully appreciating her beauty. This was my sister, and now my lover, and soon to be my partner. I really wanted her.
Cassie and I got into the shower and washed each other under the warm spray. She looked even better to me as the water was running over her and dripping off her nipples. I got the wash cloth and soap and ran it over her front and back sides, feeling ever inch of her body. Cassie took the cloth and started washing me, and the feeling of this was very arousing. Noticing that I was erect again, Cassie dropped down on her knees and took my cock into her mouth.
"I'm gonna finish what I started earlier," she said as she sucked my cock.
She looked so beautiful on her knees with my cock in her mouth. I reached down and traced my fingers over her face, encouraging her to continue, which she did.
"I want to get you off and taste your cum, Tim," She said as she increased the intensity while making love to my cock.
God, I could get used to this, I thought as she continued sucking me.
Sometimes she would drag her teeth over the skin of my shaft, not hurting it, but stimulating it even more.
After several minutes, I told Cassie I was going to cum, and she continued making love to my cock.
I didn't last much longer, and soon shot what little cum I had remaining in my balls into my sister's hungry mouth. She clamped her mouth around my cock so none of my sperm would leak out, and as I shot my load into her mouth, she kept it all.
When I finished, Cassie looked up at me, opened her mouth showing me the cum, then leaned her head back and swallowed it all, then showed me her empty mouth, while smiling.
"I want to please you, Tim. God, I love you."
I pulled Cassie up and brought her face to mine, and kissed her, tasting my own juices in her mouth.
We got out of the shower and dried each other off, and returned to the bedroom. We were both exhausted, and felt that we'd had about all we could take for one day. It was only about eight thirty, but we decided to stay in bed and watch a movie.
Snuggled up to me, Cassie fell asleep about nine thirty, and I just looked at her nude body and beautiful face, thinking.
I knew that I should be furious about the way she tricked me, but I wasn't. Not at all. I was amazed that she went to such great lengths to seduce me with plans of having my baby. She was no longer my little sister, but a beautiful young woman, and if I wanted her, she would be mine forever; and yes, I wanted her. I really wanted her.
I softly stroked her body, from her face to her breasts, causing her nipples to harden as she slept next to me. I traced my fingers down to her stomach, and then circling her pussy, which caused her to sigh, even though she was still sleeping. I couldn't keep my hands off of her. I moved my hand around to her firm ass and gently rubbed it. She moved in tighter against me as she reached down and took my deflated cock into her hand and held it gently. With my hand firmly planted on her ass, I too fell asleep.
It was about seven thirty when I felt Cassie moving next to me. I woke up and looking over, found her part way on top of me, just staring into my eyes.
"I thought I was going to have to fuck you in your sleep," she said with a grin.
"This is a good way to wake up," I said to her as I reached around and felt her sweet ass.
"You wanna do it?" she asked.
"Oh yeah, I wanna do it," I replied as Cassie crawled on top of me and slid herself down on my erection.
"Your cock's already wet," she said, "I've been sucking it for about ten minutes."
"I'm sorry I missed it," I replied. "Please, wake me up the next time."
Cassie started moving her hips against me as my cock went deeper inside of her.
Cassie leaned in and kissed me as we made love. I ran my hands around to her back and them felt my way down to her ass, taking a cheek in each hand as she moved back and forth on my hard cock. Cassie started grinding hard against me, taking my cock all the way in, and then backing off it, and then ramming back down. After doing this several minutes, Cassie finally sat up on my cock, and with my help, started lowering herself down on me, and then lifting herself back up, which she repeated many times. I loved this position, as I could see her whole body as she went up and down on my hardness. I reached up and grabbed a breast in each hand, caressing them and pinching her nipples as she rode me.
Cassie was now starting to get verbal and started yelling for me to ram my cock up inside of her as she came down on me. I tried raising my hips to meet her downward thrust, but she was doing me so fast, it was difficult for me to meet her rhythm, so I just let her do all the work and held on for dear life.
Cassie's head was now leaning back and she was fondling her own breasts with one hand and her pussy with the other, as she continued moaning her pleasure.
"O god yes, this is what I like," she said while riding my cock. "O god yes."
It was an amazing turn on for me to watch my sister fondle herself and get off riding my hard cock. I reached around her and felt her ass as she continued riding me and feeling herself. Her skin was so soft to my touch, so I ran my fingers all over her ass and back, as far up and down as I could reach.
Finally, after about twenty minutes of her riding my cock, I told her that I was about to cum. Just as I got the words out, I released several shots into her dripping pussy, filling her completely. Cassie stopped riding me and had her own orgasm as she fell forward and we locked lips again.
"God, that was intense," Cassie said as I wrapped my arms around her.
"Yeah, it was. I'm gonna get used to this! I could wake up like this every morning, Cassie."
"Yeah, me too. Does that mean that, you know, were a couple and all? I'd really like that, Tim."
"Yeah, that's what it means. I want you to have my baby. We'll work this out somehow; we'll just have to make it work."
We continued talking for some time. I shared with her that I was concerned that I was the only man she'd ever been with and that maybe this was rushing it, given how young she was. She shared that she'd had several opportunities to be with other guys, especially this first year of college, but she'd resisted. Yeah, she had the same natural urges as others, and maybe she should have explored some, but she didn't; at least she hadn't gone all the way with anyone else. I wanted her to be sure, and we agreed that, if the opportunity came up, she could have sex with someone else, if she wanted to, just to make sure she wanted to be with me. I didn't want her to have any doubts or regrets later on about her decision.
Cassie and I cleaned up, and then went out for breakfast. I wasn't really concerned about anyone seeing us together; I wanted my sister and at this moment didn't care what anyone thought about us or our relationship.
When we got back to her apartment, we made love again, and again that evening. We each had some school work to do, so Sunday afternoon we took a study break -- which means that we stopped making love long enough to get some school work done. We went to bed around eleven Sunday night, and just held each other as we fell asleep.
Monday morning Cassie woke me up around six, with her mouth working my cock.
"You really like sucking that thing, don't you?"
"Yeah, I do, and you said you liked waking up this way, so I thought I'd do it this morning."
Cassie went back to work on my cock, sucking it and twirling her tongue around the head, while playing with my balls. I pressed my hands on the back of her head, encouraging her to continue sucking me off, which she did. About five minutes later, I told Cassie that I was about to cum, and she announced that she wanted one final load inside her pussy, for insurance, she said. She quickly rolled over on her back and spread her legs, and I crawled on top of her and slid my cock into her and started thrusting. Since she had done such a good job sucking me off, it didn't take long for me to shoot my load into her.
"Oh yeah, that's what I want, fill me with your sperm. Fill me with your sperm."
I did too, I shot my morning load into her until she was overflowing with my cum.
Cassie sat up and threw her arms around me, and kissed me for several minutes. "I really love you, Tim."
"Yeah, I know, Cassie, and I love you too. I always have."
"Are you sure about this baby thing? I mean, if I find out that I am pregnant, you do want to keep it, don't you?" she asked me.
"Yeah, I do want you to keep it; I want us to keep it. How long until you know if you're pregnant?" I asked.
"The information I've been reading says that I can do a pregnancy test between fourteen and twenty-one days, but its more reliable if you wait the entire twenty-one days. I could do a self test or go to a doctor to be sure."
"Why don't we do that?" I asked. Three weeks from today we'll get a pregnancy test and check it out and see if you are. Can you tell, you know, just tell that you're pregnant?"
"I don't know, but the test should tell."
"Great. We'll do that then. I've got to get out of here. I need to run by my apartment and get some things before I head over to class," I said to my sister, Cassie, as I leaned over and gave her a kiss.
"God, I had a great time with you this weekend."
"I had a great time with you, too, Tim. Do you really think that this will work out? You know, for the two of us?"
"Cassie, we'll make it work out. The biggest thing is telling dad once you get pregnant."
"What if in three weeks I'm not pregnant?"
"Then we'll keep on trying. I'm getting used to the idea of living with you and raising our child together, Cassie. Nothing's changing my mind now."
I kissed Cassie good bye and headed out the door. When I got part way home I got a text from her.
"Study room tonight?"
"Yeah, for sure."
I was looking forward to seeing Cassie again tonight.
When I got to my apartment, my room mate was just leaving.
"Have a good weekend?" he asked.
"Oh yeah, the best."
"You'll have to tell me about it tonight," he said as he walked to the bus stop.
I went inside, changed my clothes, grabbed my books, and headed out for the day. I had three classes; one in the morning, early, and two in the afternoon, finishing at four, after which I grabbed a sandwich on campus and headed over to the study room.
I was deep in my studies when the door opened. It was Cassie, carrying a back pack full of books.
"How's your day been?" I asked her as she sat down across from me, opening a book.
"Long," I replied, noticing how sexy she looked in her shorts and tube top.
"I really have some studying to catch up on. I didn't get much done over the weekend for some reason," she said with a sexy grin.
"Yeah, I know what you mean. I have a shit load of work to do, too."
We studied for at least two hours before we both needed a break.
"Wanna go for a walk?" she asked.
"Sure," I replied as Cassie stood and the two of us walked through the library to the door. We walked for a few minutes, when Cassie asked if we could sit down on a bench for a few minutes and talk.
"What's up" I asked.
"Nothing, really, just thinking about things."
"Anything in particular?" I asked.
"Yeah, about the two of us. Do you really want to have a baby with me?"
"Yeah, I think so," I replied. "I've thought a lot about it; most of the day."
"I was afraid that once you got away from me, you'd have second thoughts about it."
"I have had second thoughts, but I still want to go through with this. I'm looking forward to the two of us living together and all."
"Have you thought anymore about how we'll tell dad?" she asked.
"Not really, have you?"
"Well, I thought that we could go home, you know, once I know for sure that I'm pregnant, and I could tell him, but I'd need you there for moral support. He's gonna freak, you know."
"Yeah, he is. This isn't going to be easy."
"I know, and I don't want to hurt him, but I'll have to tell him. I was thinking we could go home for a weekend at the beginning of the summer. I shouldn't be showing yet, but I will be by the end of the summer. Do you think he'll disown me or anything like that?"
"I don't know, it'll be one hell of a shock for him, thats for sure. I think he'll come around, but I don't know exactly how he'll take the news. Are you still sticking with the story that you got knocked up at a party or something like that?"
"I think so, for now, anyway, who knows. Do you think he'll agree for me to move in with you?"
"Well, he can't really do anything about that. I'll tell him that I think that's the best thing. Maybe he'll think that's best, but if not, that's what you're going to do. I'll tell him that we've talked about it and it seems the best thing for you, you know, to move in with me so I can look after you and all."
"Are you scared?"
"No, not really. I've thought through it, and I still think that will be the best thing to do. We only have a few weeks then, before we go home and tell him."
"Yeah. I'll need you there when I tell him and all, just in case he freaks out or something."
"I'll be there with you. It's not going to be easy, but you'll have to tell him, so we might as well get it over with."
Cassie threw her arms around me and kissed me, thanking me for not leaving her or anything once I discovered what she was doing. I have to admit that I was really upset at first, but now that I've thought about it, I'm really glad to know how much she loves me. I know its strange, but I'm really looking forward to this, except for the part about telling our dad.
"There's one other thing," she continued.
"What's that?" I asked.
"It's about me, you know, being with other guys and all. I mean, I can't really do that now, you know, while I'm fertile and all. I don't know, Tim, what I should do."
I was still concerned that Cassie would have regrets if she got pregnant and I was the only guy she'd ever been with, and I didn't want that; but I wasn't sure now that I wanted her to experience anyone but me.
"I'll leave that to you, Cassie. I want you to be sure about being with me. I've had a few girls in the past couple of years. I've been there and done that. I just want you to be sure; that you don't have regrets later on. You're so young to be making such a commitment, you know, without experimenting some, but that's your decision. I don't want to force you into anything. You have to make up your own mind."
Cassie and I walked back to the study room and worked for another couple of hours, until the library closed, and then I walked her back to her apartment before heading off to mine.
Once I got home, my room mate was all over me about this new girl I'd met. I told him about our weekend together, leaving out the part about the new girl being my sister, and the part about her trying to get pregnant.
"Well, I'm leaving for the weekend, so the place is yours if you want it," he said.
"Thanks, that might work out," I told him, looking forward to another weekend with Cassie.
I went to bed late, after we talked a little more.
The next morning, I hated that my bed was empty, missing Cassie. I really enjoyed the way she woke me up yesterday morning, and missed having her here with me. I got a shower, dressed, grabbed some breakfast, and headed out for classes again.
Cassie and I met in the study room again that night, and I told her that my room mate was going away for the weekend and asked her if she wanted to stay over at my place. She got excited about that and said that she'd love to. We arranged for her to come on over to my apartment Friday evening, and that we'd go out somewhere for dinner. She liked that.
The rest of the week went along quickly, and soon it was Friday. My room mate left in the early afternoon and wouldn't be back until late Sunday night, he said. I sent Cassie a text and told her to come on over around five or so, and she could drop off her things before we went out.
It was around five thirty when she knocked on the door, and I let her in. She was dressed in short cut offs and a white top, cut down low in the front. God, she looked good.
She came in and dropped her bag on the floor, threw her arms around me, and we kissed. We hadn't been together all week other than the library, and it was good to be alone with her again. I couldn't keep my hands off my sister, dropping them to her ass as she slipped her tongue inside my mouth.
Cassie reached down and started unfastening my jeans as I continued feeling her ass. She wasted no time pulling my cock out, and immediately dropped to her knees and took my cock into her mouth, sucking it and rubbing my balls. I reached down and pushed my jeans over my ass, and they fell to the floor. Cassie continued sucking me as I held her head encouraging her to continue. I was so excited to have my sister in my apartment, and thinking of all the things we were going to do together, I started to cum without warning her.
Cassie sucked harder on my cock when I started to ejaculate. I shot several loads into her mouth, and she swallowed every drop. She stood up and kissed me again, telling me that we were going to have sex all weekend, which certainly went well with me.
I went into the bathroom to clean up, and came back out to see Cassie standing by the door.
"I'm ready to get something else to eat, Tim. That was good, but not very filling," she said, laughing.
We walked out of the apartment and decided to go to a Mexican place that was nearby.
I ordered each of us a margarita, and then we ordered our dinner. We ate together making small talk, with both of us wanting to get back to the apartment to finish what we'd started before we left for dinner. I paid the bill, and we headed back to my place.
Once inside, Cassie started kissing me again, and I started undressing her. I couldn't wait to get her naked again. God, I'd missed seeing her beautiful nude body. In just a few seconds, we were both standing in my living room nude. I took her hand and led her into my bedroom and we both fell down on the bed.
"I want you to eat me, Tim. God, it feels good when you do that."
I moved down to her feet and spread her legs, pulling her to the edge of the bed. With her ass hanging over the side of the bed, I got down between her legs and started playing with her pussy, feeling it along with her tender thighs. I leaned in and ran my tongue along the length of her slit, all the way down to her ass, which caused her to squirm.
"God, that feels so fucking awesome!" she said as I licked her ass.
I grabbed her legs and pushed them apart and back, exposing her pussy and pink pucker, and started licking both of them, from one to the other and back again. I pressed my tongue against her tight ass hole and started licking it while fingering her pussy. I pressed my tongue as deep inside of her as I could, but she was still very tight, so it didn't go far.
"Relax, Cassie," I said to her.
She seemed to relax a little as I continued rimming her ass. I licked it as deep as I could, and then licked my way to her pussy and started eating her out as I fingered her ass. My fingers were getting wet from my saliva and juices, and one of my fingers slid into her ass as I continued licking her and eating her out. God, I was in a state of bliss, and by her moans, so was Cassie. We were both getting into this.
I continued licking her pussy for several more minutes, while fucking her ass with two, then three fingers. I wanted my sister more then ever.
"O god, Tim, I want your cock inside of me. Fuck me, brother, please fuck me." Cassie cried out.
I pulled her legs up over my shoulders and slid my hard cock into her, and made love to my sister. I started thrusting into her as she started moaning louder and louder.
"O god, Tim, that feels so fucking good. Fuck me harder. Fuck me harder."
I was giving her all I had. I was driving my cock deep inside of my sister, as I watched her breasts bounce with every thrust. I kept drilling her as I reached up and started fondling her breasts, to her pleasure. We continued like this for about twenty minutes or more, as I watched her face slowly change to the most erotic expression I'd ever seen. I liked watching her expression change as we made love, and I could tell when she was close to orgasm, just by the look on her face.
I wanted this to last longer, so I slowed down and finally pulled out and crawled up beside her, and took her in my arms.
After I held her for a few minutes, Cassie pushed me over on my back, and then climbed on top of me, kissing me passionately. I could feel her reaching down to my cock, and she pressed it back into her sex as she started sliding up and down my body, with her pussy surrounding my hard cock. When she slid down, I went balls deep into her, and she held it there for a few seconds, and then pulled back up, and then pushed down again, taking me all the way in. She continued this for several minutes before sitting straight up on my cock. She started bouncing up and down on me as I watched her breasts flop as she continued riding my cock.
Cassie got that expression on her face again, leaned over me and started shouting, "O god, O god, O god, I'm going to cum. Fuck me, Tim, fuck me."
I started raising my hips off the bed, driving my hard cock deep within my sister as she came violently. She was cursing in short breaths as she came, causing me to hit my orgasm as well. I started shooting my load into my sister until it hurt. She finally stopped riding my cock and fell forward with her head on my chest as I slid my hands down to her firm ass. I held her for several minutes, just feeling the soft skin of her bare ass.
Cassie leaned up and kissed me again, slipping me her tongue, which I gladly took. We kissed for five or ten minutes like that, with my cock still buried deep within her. I was still hard, and was sure I could go another round, when Cassie rolled off of me.
"God, that was good, Tim. That was great."
I had to agree with my sister, we were getting into a rhythm with our love making, and it was bringing more pleasure to each of us then we'd ever imagined.
"Do you want to clean up?" I asked her.
"No, I don't want to move. I want to stay her with you for a while, if that's all right with you," she said.
I wrapped my arms around my sister, letting my hands drop to her ass again, and said, "You can lie there as long as you want, Cassie, It feels so good with your naked body next to mine. I've waited a long time for this, so you lie there as long as you want."
I held my sister until she fell asleep in my arms, and then moved her over a little on the bed so we could both be comfortable. I pulled up the sheet and blanket and covered us both. With her still facing me, I dropped my hand to her ass, pulled her in closer, and watched her as she continued to sleep beside me.
About half an hour later, I was still gazing at my beautiful sister. I pulled the sheet down so I could see her nude body. God she looked beautiful. I never knew she had such a sexy body. I ran my fingers over her breasts and slid them down to her pussy, across her hips and onto her tight ass. I pulled her closer to me, kissed her on the forehead, covered us both backup, and fell asleep beside her.
I woke up around eight thirty, to the smell of bacon cooking. I noticed that the covers were pulled down and my cock was hard and wet. Very wet. Cassie had sucked me off, I was sure, but I had somehow slept through it.
I got out of the bed, put on my boxers, and walked out to the kitchen, where I found my sister standing at the stove, wearing only her bikini panties. I walked over to her and hugged her from behind, both hands covering her breasts, and kissed the back of her neck.
Cassie turned around and kissed me on the mouth, sliding her tongue inside.
"I tried to wake you up earlier, but you're a sound sleeper," she said.
"I noticed. How long did you suck me?"
"About five or ten minutes. You had a lot of cum stored up overnight," she said with a grin.
"I came?"
"I'll say you did! You filled my mouth before I swallowed it all."
"Christ, how did I sleep through that?" I asked.
"I don't know. I think if you were eating me, I'd wake up for sure."
"Next time, wake me up first, I don't want to miss that again."
"I will. Time for breakfast now; your's anyway, I've already had mine, but I think I'll have some eggs and bacon to go with it, I'm still a little hungry," she said jokingly.
Cassie and I finished our breakfast and did the dishes.
"What would you like to do today?" I asked her.
"How about a movie? We haven't been to one in a long time."
"Sounds good to me, I'll check and see what's playing."
We both went back in my bedroom and I checked the local theater on the computer. We saw one we thought we'd like, and the next showing was at 12:30. We decided to go to the show, and then go out for a late lunch, early dinner.
"Now that we've figured that out, how about a shower?" she asked.
"Sounds good," I replied as I immediately dropped my boxers and she took off her panties.
"God, I'm gonna love living with you," I said as I pulled her in for a hug.
We walked to the bathroom and got into the shower. I stood there watching the water pouring over my naked sister and pulled her in for a long, wet kiss. We made out under the shower for a while and then washed each other, something we both loved.
Cassie wrapped her soapy hands around my erection and started moving them up and down. God, it felt great. She continued doing this while I stood there watching. I could notice how much she loved me, by the tenderness of her motions and the expression on her face as she looked deep into my eyes.
Releasing my cock, she ran her hands up my hairless chest, around my shoulders, down my back, finally resting them on my ass. She started rubbing my ass as I moved closer into her, with my hard cock pressed against her abdomen. I reached around her and started rubbing her firm ass as she continued rubbing mine. I leaned forward and kissed her again, slowly moving my hands from her ass to her back, and then to her head, holding her mouth tightly against mine as we made out. It was the most erotic kiss I had ever experienced as our tongues danced inside each other's mouth.
Cassie reached around and started rubbing my cock again, while we continued our kiss.
I reached down and started running my fingers over her pussy, gently, as we were both starting to get excited.
I moved Cassie to the side of the shower, with her back against the wall, and started rubbing her harder and faster. Her kiss became more passionate as I rubbed between her legs, wanting to give her as much pleasure as I possibly could.
Cassie spread her legs, and then, still holding my hardness, pulled me into her and guided my cock between her legs to her dripping pussy. I bent my knees enough to allow me to enter her. I slowly slid my cock into her sex, moving my hands around to her ass, holding a cheek in each hand. I stood up enough so that my cock was deep inside my sister, and started thrusting into her. Cassie had turned her head away from the spray as we continued making love in the shower. After a few minutes in this position, Cassie turned around, and bracing herself against the wall of the shower, reached around and spread her cheeks, giving me a sexy view of her ass and pussy. I leaned forward and pressed my cock against the entrance of her pussy and slowly entered her. I started thrusting into her slowly at first, and then increasing speed as I reached up and held her by her shoulders, with my cock buried deep inside of her. Cassie's moans increased as we continued. I reached under her and started rubbing her pussy as I kept pumping my cock into her. Cassie was moving her hips in rhythm with mine so that she was coming back on me as I drove into her. I rubbed her back as we made love in the shower, and then held onto her hips as we continued.
Cassie lowered her head and body down, pressing her ass back against me. She looked so good with the water running over her, and we continued in this position for a good ten minutes, with both of us enjoying it immensely. I could have fucked her like this for the rest of the day.
Cassie brought her head and body back up, turned around, and started kissing me again, while rubbing her breasts. We made out for several more minutes, and then I entered her from the front, pressing her back against the wall of the shower.
I braced myself against the shower wall as I started to enter her, while Cassie spread her legs allowing me more room to maneuver. I started driving my cock deep inside of my sister as she leaned forward and started licking my mouth and face. God, it was erotic, and caused me to drill her harder. Her breasts were bouncing up and down as we made love. I lasted much longer than I expected, before I shot my load into her, filling her. Cassie brought her legs up and wrapped them around me, as I reached under her and held her by her ass. I thrust into her a couple more times, until I was completely exhausted.
I let her down, and we finished washing each other before we finally got out of the shower and dried off.
I walked her back into the bedroom, where we both collapsed on the bed. I reached over and started gently massaging her breasts, not wanting this moment to end.
Finally, we decided we should get dressed and head over to the theater to catch our movie.
We got some popcorn and a couple of drinks. For a Saturday, I thought the place was crowded; although we'd never been to a matinee. There were kids running all over the place. The movie we went to see was rated R, so it was not as full as I assumed the other's were.
Cassie and I took a seat near the rear of the theater and enjoyed our popcorn as we watched the previews. It took about fifteen minutes before our movie started. There were many people in front of us, but none in our row or behind us, so we at least had some privacy.
As the movie started, Cassie snuggled against me, with her head on my shoulder. I had my arm around her, and was gently rubbing her shoulders as we continued watching the movie.
Eventually, I let my hand fall to her lap, and started rubbing her though her shorts, which she soon unzipped. She wasn't wearing any panties, so my hand was feeling her soft flesh as I continued rubbing her, looking around to make sure nobody had come in behind us, noting that we were still in a private area, so far as theaters go.
I let my fingers enter her as I stated slowly finger fucking my sister in the seat beside me. Cassie had moved her shorts down over her knees, and spread them, allowing me as much room as I needed.
"God, I never thought you'd be doing this to me in a theater, Tim. We should have been doing this all along!"
"Yeah, I know what you mean," I said as I continued rubbing her.
After a few minutes of this, while I was still rubbing her, Cassie reached over and started fumbling with my pants, trying to get them unzipped. She finally got the fly open, and reached in and started rubbing my cock. I didn't know where this was going to end up, but I sure as hell was enjoying it.
Cassie moved the arm of the seat up, so that we were not sitting right next to each other with nothing between us, and had my cock out of my pants, rubbing it openly. She tugged at the waist of my shorts, pulling them back and then down to my ass, and then slid them out from under me and down to my knees. I really felt exposed, which I was, but allowed her to continue as I continued rubbing her cunt.
Cassie rubbed the pre cum over the head of my cock, leaned over and kissed me, and then went down on me, taking my entire length into her mouth. God it felt good, and so fucking erotic, doing this in a theater. She started bobbing her head up and down on me, while reaching around and pressing my fingers deeper inside of her.
I knew I wasn't going to last long, and I didn't. In only about five minutes, I started ejaculating into my sister's wet mouth. She clamped her mouth around my cock and started sucking the cum out of it as I unloaded several shots of cum into her mouth. God, it felt awesome to get sucked off in a theater.
Cassie sucked me and then licked me clean before pulling my shorts back up and stuffing my semi erect cock back into them and zipping them up.
She leaned on and whispered in my ear, "Now, do me, brother," as she leaned back in the chair and spread her legs, indicating she wanted me to eat her out.
I was lost in lust with my sister, so I got off my seat and knelt on the floor in front of her and went down on her, licking her pussy and feeling her nude thighs. I slid my tongue up and down her slit, around it, up and down her inner thighs, and back again. I pressed my face tight against her pussy and started licking and sucking it. I took one of her flaps and sucked on it, and then the other.
Cassie let out a moan, and I signaled for her to keep it down. She leaned down and said, "I don't know how I'm going to keep it quiet with you eating me like that, but I'll try."
I continued eating her, and several times she moaned a little louder than I would have preferred, but probably not loud enough for anyone to hear above the sound of the movie.
Cassie moved forward on the seat with her ass hanging over the edge a little, allowing me access to her anus, which I started to rim. Cassie started fingering herself, and then I noticed that she had a hand up under her shirt and was rubbing her breasts as well as her pussy.
I took my fingers and started rubbing her pussy as I licked it, and Cassie started thrusting her hips forward, pressing her pussy tighter agains my face. She started doing this faster, and rubbing her self, both top and bottom, faster as she neared her orgasm.
"O shit," she said as quietly as she could, "Fucking shit, Tim, I'm gonna cum."
Cassie came with my mouth against her pussy, and I noticed for the first time that she also ejaculated. I could feel a warm, thick fluid coat my tongue as she came. I sucked it out of her, and swallowed it. Hell, if she could swallow my load, I could swallow hers.
I removed my face from my sister's pussy and made my way back up in my seat, as Cassie reached down and slid her shorts back up. After we kissed for a few minutes, we sat back and enjoyed the remainder of the movie, although neither of us knew what was going on at this time, we'd missed so much of it.
"That was an awesome movie, Tim," Cassie said as we walked out the door.
"Yeah," I replied. That was the best one I've ever seen!"
We both laughed at that, and walked over to the car, with Cassie reaching down and taking my hand in hers.
When we got to the car we decided to head over to the Olive Garden for an early dinner. We had a good meal, and then headed back to the apartment.
Cassie and I had another talk about possible ways to tell dad if she is pregnant. We decided that we would do what she suggested, and go home at the beginning of the summer and tell him, and that wasn't very far off. We felt that we should be prepared for the worst, not knowing what his reaction would be. I agreed that I would offer my apartment for her to stay with me during the pregnancy. We also talked about our future life together if things worked out. We thought that we'd move away from the area with me getting a job. That way we could live together, and nobody would know any different.
We had a great conversation before deciding that we should get some sleep. We thought that tomorrow we might go for a swim or something.
Sunday we did go for a swim. There's a large lake nearby where many of the students hang out. There's even a few less populated areas where couples often go to be alone, and everyone seems to respect that. We found one that wasn't occupied, so Cassie and I spread out our towel there and the two of us soaked up some rays. Cassie had on a tiny bikini, which all the guys liked as we walked up the short path to the lake before finding our place of seclusion.
After about an hour of sunbathing, Cassie wanted to go skinny dipping. "I've never done that, wanna try it?" she asked.
Knowing that's something you can often see at this lake, which usually has only college kids during the day, I agreed, and the two of us shed our clothes and ran quickly into the water, hoping that we wouldn't be spotted by anyone. We had a good time playing around, and it did feel great, we both agreed. We had to stay in the lake a little longer than we wanted to because several couples were walking along the shoreline. When we got a break, we started toward the shore.
"Someone's coming," I said to Cassie, as I sank down in the water hiding my nude privates beneath the surface.
"I'm getting out anyway," she said as she continued walking toward the shore, to the delight of the three guys who were walking along the edge of the water in their swimsuits. I watched as Cassie walked out of the water, and then stood talking with them for a few minutes before they walked away. They didn't go far when one of them turned around and took another look at my sexy sister, who was standing nude along the water's edge, waiting for me.
I got up enough nerve to get out of the water and started walking up towards her. When I got to her, she reached up and kissed me and said, "Now, that wasn't too bad, was it?"
"No, but what were you saying to those guys?"
Cassie started laughing and said, "Two of them are in my physics class. They were a little stunned, I think, seeing me nude, but they didn't say anything about it, other than saying that I was hot. We just talked about the class and our homework for a few minutes, and then they left."
"That didn't bother you, you know, standing there nude and all?"
"No, not really. I guess I have a little exhibitionist in me. Hey, maybe we can find a nude beach somewhere before I start to get big, that is if I'm pregnant."
"You'd do that? Go to a nude beach?"
"I think I just proved that, didn't I?"
"Yeah, I guess you did," I replied as I took her hand and together we walked back to our area.
Cassie packed a lunch, so we ate together, not bothering to get dressed. When we finished we took another dip in the lake before heading back to the apartment.
When we got there, Cassie sat down at my computer and started searching for nude beaches. She found one that was a couple hours away along the ocean. We decided that it was too far for us to go in one day, but we could go in a week or two and spend the weekend in a hotel. We made the reservations for the weekend after next. By that time Cassie would know if she was pregnant or not, and we could celebrate together if she is. She said that she'd bring along a pregnancy test, and we could have her take it while we were away.
The next two weeks went by quickly, and we were closing in on the end of the school term. Cassie and I studied together every night, but we didn't have the opportunity to sleep together as both of our room mates stayed home over the weekends. By the time our little escapade came around, we were both ready to spend some time with each other, as our passion had built up, along with our anticipation of learning if she was or wasn't pregnant.
I picked Cassie up on Friday morning and we drove the two hours to our hotel, which was located on the ocean, just a short walk down from the nude beach she discovered.
We checked into our room and then headed down to the restaurant at the hotel and had a late lunch before heading back to the room.
"Want to head down to the beach?" Cassie asked.
"Sure, we might as well get this over with," I replied.
"What are you worried about?"
"Well, I'm not exactly used to parading around nude in front of total strangers, you know."
"Who knows, you might like it, and besides, you might run into someone you know. I think that mostly college students come here, and some of my friends come here about every weekend. They love it."
"Oh shit, that's all I needed to know. I might run into someone I know. Just how do I explain that I'm at a nude beach with my sister?"
"You worry too much. People don't really care what you do or who you do it with. You're much too conservative. Now, get your suit on and we're heading to the beach," she said as she started taking off her clothes to put her suit on.
Cassie and I walked down to the nude section of the beach, which wasn't far away at all. When we got there we saw a large sign that read, "ATTENTION BEYOND THIS POINT YOU MAY ENCOUNTER NUDE BATHERS." It was right too because I could see the nude bathers from the sign, and they all appeared to be young, like us.
"Time to shed the suits, Tim," Cassie announced as she removed her top and slid of her bikini bottoms, as I reluctantly removed my suit.
"What happens if I get hard?" I asked.
"Well, if its because you're looking at me, nothing. If you're looking at some hot woman, there'll be hell to pay when we get back to the hotel!"
Cassie took my suit and hers and dropped them in the beach bag she was carrying, and the two of us started walking nude down the beach. It really was kinda neat, as no one seemed to notice us, although I felt so fucking conspicuous. I knew that it was because I was nude, but everyone, well almost everyone was, so it really didn't matter, and soon I was getting used to it.
Cassie and I found a place to spread out our towel, and then the two of us, hand in hand, went for a walk along the beach, stopping several times to talk to similar aged couples who were also there for the weekend. We saw all sorts of people, but most of them young like us, and fit, too. There were some beautiful bodies walking along the beach, and amazingly, I never got a hard on. I got a semi a couple of times, but never got entirely hard, which was a good thing, because I think she was serious when she said that there'd be hell pay if I got hard.
We walked for about forty-five minutes before we came back to our towel.
Cassie asked me to rub some oil over her, and I did, finding it to be quite an erotic experience rubbing tanning oil all over my nude sister out here in public and all. After I did her, Cassie rubbed oil over me, including my cock and balls; and for the first time at the beach, I got hard.
"You have to keep that thing under control, Tim," Cassie said, laughing at me lying there with my erection sticking straight up.
"Throw a towel over it or something," she said, kidding me about it.
"If I do that, it'll look like a fucking flag pole or something!" I said.
Cassie reached over and stated rubbing my hard cock. Looking around, I noticed that we weren't the only ones doing that, although nobody was having sex on the beach or anything, but there was quite a bit of touching.
Cassie put a small pillow under her head and was soon spread out on her back openly soaking up the rays. I rolled over on my stomach, sure that people would rather see my bare ass than my erection sticking straight up.
Cassie was motionless for several minutes, and then I noticed her spread her legs a little further apart with her knees to the side, until her entire private area was on full display. She dropped her hand to her pussy and let it rest there, with a finger softly circling around her slit. She didn't do this long, and then fell asleep. I watched as several younger guys walked past, each sneaking a look at my nude sister spread out, showing everything she had. I was amazed that I wasn't upset or anything, but as I looked around, everyone was like that, guys and girls, and other than people sneaking peaks at her as they walked by, nobody paid any attention to any one else.
I finally got the courage to turn over on my back, and I moved a pillow under my head, raising it enough that I could see the people as they walked by. Several young couples walked by, most of them completely naked, just like Cassie and me. There were some good looking women, too, with nice breasts and asses. Every time a couple walked by, the guy would take a good look at my sister, who did look good all oiled up with her legs spread, and I noticed the same young guys walk by several times, each taking a good look at Cassie. Yeah, if she wanted to get laid, she wouldn't have any problem here.
Cassie woke up after about thirty minutes, and wanted to go for a swim. We got up and walked nude down to the water and slowly got in all the way. We frolicked around for several minutes, with much touching going on under the water. We noticed that there were several nude couples our age near us, and soon we got talking to two couples in particular, who appeared to be together. We hit it off, and decided that we would get together for drinks and dinner later on.
Soon, Cassie and I got out of the water, with the others joining us. We walked over to their area had introductions.
The most outgoing of the four was Logan. He was the taller of all of us at about six feet, with short blonde hair. He was on the thin side, but his body was well defined, what I would refer to as a swimmer's build, with a large tattoo on his right shoulder. His chest was hairless, and he had a longer than average circumcised cock, hanging down about seven inches flaccid. The thing that stood out on Logan, in addition to the obvious fact that he was well endowed, was his low hanging balls. He also had a hint of a treasure trail leading down to his neatly trimmed pubes. He seemed like he would be the life of the party. Logan was paired with Courtney, who was shorter than him at about five feet four inches. She had shoulder length hair, a cute smile, and was the quieter of the four. Courtney was well built with ample breasts, but not too large. She had ring piercings through each nipple, toned abs with a piercing in her navel, shaved pubes with a heart shaped tattoo above her pussy, which also had a ring piercing matching the other ones. Courtney was gorgeous, and apparently spent much time sunbathing in the nude as there wasn't a tan line on her body.
The other guy was Jordan, who stood about five feet ten inches with dark brown hair cut in a buzz. He was the more muscular of us guys, with light brown hair on his chest. He also had a treasure trail leading down to his neatly trimmed pubes. His uncut cock was of average length, and his balls were drawn up tight, as if the water were cold or something. He was also outgoing, and I didn't notice any tattoos on him. Jordan was paired with Nicole who stood about five feet six inches with long dark brown hair that could have covered her breasts if it were hanging in front. Her breasts were small, but firm with upturned nipples. She had shaved pubes with a half inch landing strip just above her pussy. I didn't notice any tattoos or piercings on her. She was a beautiful girl with a cute smile.
The thing that struck me was that none of them seemed at all uncomfortable with their nudity. We all sat down on their blanket, with no one showing any inhibitions. Courtney sat down and spread her legs apart, showing off her shaved pubes nicely. Nicole did the same, but sat with her legs bent back under her, which caused her pussy to be the center of attention, with her lips protruding. Everything on these girls was out in the open, for sure.
Cassie followed suit, and sat down with her legs spread open in front of her. Her shaved pussy was also a sexy sight, and I noticed that both of the guys were staring at it. Her breasts bounced when she talked, as she was quite expressive and talked with her hands, causing much animation.
The guys also sat down with their legs spread out before them; Logan had his spread wider than Jordan, proudly displaying his ample manhood. I sat down and crossed my legs, still being self conscious of my nakedness while sitting with these new friends.
We talked for a long time, and as I became more comfortable with the situation, I eventually let go and put my legs out in front of me, spreading them apart, with my circumcised cock on full display. I didn't have anything to be ashamed of, I thought, so I just showed it all. Similar to Logan, my balls also hung down low. I did realize, though, that if we came back to this beach, I'd have to trim my pubes, because their fullness stood out. I was quite hairy in that department, and have never trimmed them.
We continued in conversation, with Logan taking my phone number so he could call us later. While we sat there, I kept watching Jordan and Logan as they took every opportunity to stare at my nude sister, especially Logan, whose eyes always ended up looking at her crotch, which was quite visible the way she was sitting. He'd look at her bare pussy and then stroke his cock a time or two before looking away. I took a few good looks at Nicole and Courtney as well, but neither of them, to me, were as cute as my sister; although, Courtney did have a great body and beautiful breasts.
After about an hour or so with our new friends, Cassie and I went back to our towel and dropped onto our backs as we soaked up some more rays before it was time to head out. I was apprehensive about coming to the nude beach at first, but was glad that we did. It was fun, especially being there with my sister, and seeing the other hot girls totally nude. Yeah, I'd come here again. After some time, we decided we needed to head back to our room.
When we got back to the hotel, dressed of course, we went up to our room.
"Do you want me to do the test now?" Cassie asked me.
"Yeah, how do you do it?"
"I think I have to sit on the toilet and pee on it, at least that's what a friend of mine said she did. She was afraid she was pregnant a few weeks ago after a frat party. She got drunk and did a couple of guys, and didn't think about using a condom or anything, and she's not on the pill either."
"Was she pregnant?"
"No, she wasn't; but after that, she went to the school clinic and got on the pill."
Cassie took out the pregnancy test and the two of us went into the bathroom.
"You want to be in here with me when I do it?" she asked.
"Yeah, if you don't mind, that is."
"No, I don't mind at all."
Cassie read the instructions out loud, and they said that you could pee on the test strip or you could pee in a glass and then dip the test strip in your urine.
"How do you want to do it?" I asked.
"I think I want to pee, and have you hold the test strip in the flow, to make sure it's soaked. Can you handle that?" she asked.
"Yeah, I think so," I said as I opened the test strip and Cassie removed her bikini bottoms and sat down on the commode.
"Get it ready," she said as she tried to pee.
I lowered the strip down next to her, ready to stick it in the flow when she started, which didn't take long. I got it got it good and saturated with her urine.
"I never thought I'd be watching you pee," I said to her, laughing when she finished.
"You never thought you'd fuck me or go with me to a nude beach either, did you?"
"Well, I wanted to fuck you before, but to be honest, I never really wanted to watch you pee before!" I said laughing.
I pulled the test strip out of the flow, and together we watched as the plus sign appeared, indicating that my sister, Cassie, was indeed pregnant, with my baby.
"O my god," she yelled when she realized that she had my baby growing inside of her.
"O my god, Tim. Were pregnant! We're pregnant!"
Cassie threw her arms around me and kissed me hard, while still dancing up and down, excited at the news.
"Aren't you excited?" she asked me.
"Yeah, I'm excited, but I just realized that I'm going to be a father. It's a bit overwhelming, but yeah, I'm excited."
I held her close and kissed her softly, as we celebrated our news. Our lives would never, never be the same after this moment.
My phone rang, and I answered it, with Cassie still jumping up and down. It was Logan, and he wanted to know if we wanted to meet them in their room for drinks before dinner. They were showering up and would be ready for us in about an hour or so. He gave me their room number and I said that we'd love to join them.
I want back and told Cassie, and she started toward the door, shouting, "I want to tell them our news."
"Cassie!" I yelled as she got to the door. "Don't you think you should put something on? We're not at the beach anymore!" I continued, laughing at her, standing there without her panties, with the test strip in one hand with the other on the door handle, just about to open it.
"O my god, I was so excited I forgot I was half naked. God, Tim, this is so exciting, I can't believe we're going to have a baby! We're going to have a baby!"
Cassie ran over to me and threw her arms around me again and kissed me passionately as we shared an embrace as we celebrated the news. I never thought I'd get excited about getting my sister pregnant, but I was. I really was.
After she settled down, I suggested that we get our shower and then get dressed to meet our new friends down in their room, which was a couple of floors beneath ours.
Cassie and I got into the shower, and for the first time, we didn't have sex. We just washed each other, or I washed her. She was too excited to wash me, so I did that myself.
"Would you wash my hair?" she asked.
"Sure," I replied as I reached for the shampoo and started to lather up her hair. Cassie was smiling broadly as I washed her hair, and I could also see tears swelling up in her eyes. I finished washing her hair, and she leaned back to rinse the shampoo out as I gently rubbed her tummy.
"Our baby's in there. You'll need to take care of yourself now that we know you're pregnant," I said to her.
"Yeah, do you think it'll hurt if I have a drink to celebrate?" she asked.
"Well, maybe it wont hurt tonight, but after this celebration, you'll need to lay off the alcohol."
"No problem, I don't drink that much anyway. I've only had a little alcohol, and its always been with you."
Cassie and I dried off and then went into the bedroom to rest up a few minutes before we got dressed.
"Do you mind if I tell them I'm pregnant?" she asked.
"I don't know why not, just as long as you don't add the brother sister part."
"I wasn't thinking of telling them that part. We can just say we're planning to get married, and this will speed it up a little," she replied.
"Fine with me, then," I said, excited to tell someone our news too, and they were safe to tell because we'd never met them before, and they're not from our area.
After about half an hour of relaxing and talking, still excited about the test strip, we decided to get dressed and go down to meet our new friends.
Cassie brought along some sexy clothes to wear for our celebration dinner, which we had planned before we left home, hopeful there would be something to celebrate. She put on a very short black skirt and a low cut white blouse with no buttons until about half way down, which exposed part of her breasts, almost over to her nipples.
"I hope you don't mind me wearing this," she said, "I wont be able to dress like this much longer, after I begin to show, that is."
I looked her over, and she looked sexy in that outfit, with her long black hair draped across her shoulders. "God, you look sexy," I told my sister.
"Thank you. I still hope you think that when I'm looking like a blimp!"
"You'll always look sexy to me, sis. Always."
I got my clothes on, and didn't look as dashing as my sister, but I looked presentable. We left the room and made our way to the elevator. I pushed the button for their floor, and we made our way to their room. Apparently they were on a budget and were sharing a room between the four of them.
We got to the room and knocked, and shortly Logan opened the door and let us in. When we got in the room, we noticed that it was a suite, with a living room, kitchen, and two bedrooms, they said. That explained why they were sharing a room. At first I thought maybe they were a little kinky or something and was glad to learn of their suite set up. It was a gorgeous room. Someone here had money, and plenty of it for a hotel suite like this one.
"Is this a special occasion?" Jordan immediately asked, probably noticing my hot sister, whose breasts were almost falling our of her blouse.
"It sure is," Cassie exclaimed, grinning ear to ear. We just found out that I'm pregnant!"
Courtney and Nicole immediately ran over and started hugging Cassie, seeming to be as excited for her as she was.
"How long have you known?" Courtney asked.
"About an hour!" Cassie exclaimed, explaining that we brought a test strip along and clothes to celebrate if she was.
Everyone was excited about our announcement, and none of them even asked if we were married or anything, they just started congratulating us on our big news.
"This calls for a toast," Logan said as he brought out a bottle of champagne and six glasses. "This was in the room when we got here, and now we have a reason to pop the cork!"
He opened the bottle with a loud "pop" and started pouring it into the six glasses. We raised them and toasted our new child, and then we each took a drink out of someone else's glass. That was a tradition, they said.
"I'm celebrating tonight, and then, no more alcohol for me," Cassie said, feeling that she need to explain.
"You go, girl, have a good time, because after tonight, no more for you!" Nicole said as she refilled Cassie's glass, and then mine.
I looked over at the counter in the kitchen, noticing that they had a huge supply of drinks. Wine, liquor, and beer in a tub with ice. Yeah, this was going to be some party.
"I'm calling down for room service, and get us some appetizers sent up, that way we can stay here and celebrate a while," Logan said as he reached for the phone, and then ordered what seemed to be enough food for us to share for dinner. I noticed he also ordered another bottle of champagne.
After we sat down for a few minutes, I said, laughing, "You all look a little different with your clothes on!"
"So do you two," they joked back.
"Have you been to this beach before?" Nicole asked us.
"Nope, first time at a nude beach for both of us," Cassie replied.
"Really? I would never have thought you were first timers, the way you both acted."
"Yeah," Logan said, "the first time we brought these two over here, we didn't think they'd ever take their suits off. Now they look forward to it."
"How long have you been coming?" I asked.
"Well, I think this is our fifth or sixth trip," Nicole said. "We really like it, although it did take us a while to get used to the public nudity. Now, we look forward to it and come over here whenever we get the chance."
"Do you, you know, run around the room naked too?" Cassie asked.
"Yeah, we do," Nicole admitted. "We've been friends a long time, and we've really gotten used to being nude around each other. Courtney and I share an apartment together, and they do too," she said, motioning to the guys. "Courtney and I are always running around the apartment in the nude."
"Yeah, I like that; my room mate Niki and I are the same way. We're always naked at our apartment," Cassie said.
"You are?" I asked.
"Yeah, all the time. Maybe you should come over more often!" Cassie said laughing. I was learning more about my sister all the time.
"The four of us spend most of our time together in the nude; when we're in our apartments, that is. That's why we like this beach so much, we can be naked together outside. I guess we're all nudists at heart." Nicole added.
"It all started when they came over to our place for a double date. These idiots got the time mixed up and arrived half an hour early, and I didn't realize that they were here already. I had just got out of the shower and couldn't find my hair brush. I thought maybe it was in the living room, so I just walked out there naked as I usually do, and there they were." Courtney said. "Nicole didn't even bother to tell me that they were here already."
"O my god," Cassie said laughing, as were the rest of them at this point.
"Yeah. I was standing there in front of everyone totally naked. Totally. I was so embarrassed. I ran back into my bedroom and couldn't look at Jordan the entire evening."
"It became a joke to the four of us," Logan chimed in, "and a few weeks later, the four of us went out on a double date again, and for fun, after we got back to the apartment, Courtney went to the bathroom, and someone suggested that we strip down, and we did. She came back into the living room, and the three of us were sitting on the couch naked as the day we were born."
"O my god, thats hilarious," Cassie said, her words getting a little slurred.
"Yeah, it was. After that, it became routine for us to go back to the apartment and get naked. We were just having fun at first, but then it became a routine. Logan discovered this nude beach, and thought it was a natural fit for us, so we came, and have been coming ever since." Jordan said.
"Do you always share a room?" Cassie asked.
"Yeah," Logan replied, "this suite is cheaper than two separate rooms, and allows us the opportunity to have some fun together, but then have our own bedrooms rooms for later on, if you know what I mean."
"Yeah, I think we all know what you mean," I replied.
We all got a good laugh at this, and I was getting to really like these new friends. They were going to be fun.
There was a knock at the door with the announcement that room service was here, so Logan ran over and opened the door, letting the guy in, who sat the food on the counter; several trays of food, along with some table service and a second bottle of champagne, which he offered to open for us. After he opened the bottle, Logan have him a rather large tip, and the guy left.
Logan refilled our champagne glasses and made another toast to Cassie on her pregnancy, and for the six of us and our new found friendship. "To Cassie and the six of us! May the evening be as exciting as the day's been," he said as we clanked our glasses together and drank again from someone else's glass.
We all walked over to the appetizers and found plenty to eat. There were Cheese and Crackers, Chips and Salsa with Guacamole, Nachos, Quesadillas, Southwest Egg Rolls, Sweet and Spicy Shrimp Kabobs, Miniature Tacos, Chicken Fajitas and Taco Cheesecake.
"These are appetizers?" I asked.
"Logan's always overdoing it, Let's just say he likes to party," Courtney replied.
"Seriously," I said, "I think this is plenty of food for the night. I don't think we'll have to go out after this," I said.
"Ok, you got me. That's the point. The four of us thought it might be good for all of us to spend time here tonight, to get to know one another. It's a little more private than a formal dining room," Logan replied, "and we can party as late as we want."
"Sounds good to me," Cassie replied as she started filling up her plate. "I'm about starved, so I say we go ahead and start eating."
The four insisted that I go next, so I also took hearty portions of food, and filled my glass again, before sitting down at the table.
The dining room had a table large enough for the six of us, if we sat tightly together, so that's what we did. We ended up putting much of the food on the table so we wouldn't have to keep running back and forth to the counter buffet.
The six of us continued drinking champagne and wine through dinner, with Cassie having much more than she should, Not necessarily because she was pregnant, but because she was getting intoxicated. One thing I learned about Cassie, whom I've never seen drunk before, is that she gets really funny and outgoing when she's drinking, and tonight was no exception.
Courtney and Nicole were also drinking their share of wine. Logan and Jordan had switched to beer at some point, but I stayed with the wine, having enough to feel it by the end of dinner.
The six of us had our fill, with plenty of food remaining for later on. We decided to go on into the living room. Logan and Courtney sat on a chair together while Jordan and Nicole took the love seat, leaving the couch for Cassie and me. Looking over at Cassie, I noticed that at some point in the evening she had unbuttoned the bottom three buttons on her blouse and it was now hanging open, exposing her breasts to everyone.
"You might want to button up a little," I said to her, loud enough for everyone to hear.
"Well, I've got nothing they haven't already seen," she replied. "I might as well get the party started." With that, Cassie pulled the blouse off, sitting beside me topless at this point. I have to admit that my sister looked terrific.
"I wont have these tight abs long, so I might as well flaunt em while I've got em," she said laughing and rubbing her abs and belly. "Before long, I'll be all stretched out!"
With all the talk about everyone spending their time in their apartments in the nude, and our time on the nude beach, I knew that things were going to heat up now.
"I say that if Cassie's topless, you two should be too," Logan said to Courtney and Nicole, who wasted no time shedding their tops.
"I know what let's do," Cassie shouted, "I know this will sound silly, but let's play truth or dare, you know, to get to know one another. I have many questions I'd like to ask."
"Sounds good to me," Logan said, with the others agreeing with him. "First, though, I suggest we all get comfortable. Off with the clothing!"
I was hesitant at first, but as everyone else started shedding their clothes, I figured Cassie was right, we didn't have anything that the rest of them hadn't already seen, so Cassie and I joined the others in stripping down. All the clothes were thrown into a pile at the side of the room.
"We'll sort those out later," Logan stated, "I think there's a party game about that, too!"
Everyone was getting loosened up at this point. Not drunk, but just enough to let down whatever inhibitions that might have been lingering, which weren't many.
I looked around the room noticing that this was a good looking group. Logan was lightly stroking his manhood, which must have been something he did involuntarily out of nervousness, because he did that often and didn't seem to know he was doing it. I mean, he wasn't masturbating or anything like that, but would rub his hand over the head of his cock often. Courtney was seated beside him on the arm of the chair, with her legs spread, casually. Logan was also rubbing her right breast as we talked.
Jordan seemed to be quite relaxed, as he leaned back on the love seat with his hand on Nicole's upper thigh, just below her pussy, rubbing her slowly. Nicole was seated with her legs spread and knees wide apart.
Cassie also had her legs spread and was seated up against me. I loved the feeling of her ass next to mine. I had my hand around her shoulder, tenderly rubbing one of her nipples, while she had her hand on my upper thigh.
"Ok, I'll go first. There's a ton of questions I want to ask."
We decided that we'd begin with a few rounds of truth, and then possibly move on to the dares if everyone was willing. We felt we'd know when the time was right to move on.
"Logan. I know you said that you all spend so much time together naked. Do you, you know, ever do things together, like having sex?"
"You mean the four of us having sex together?"
"Yeah, like as a group."
"No, not as a group, if you're talking about intercourse. We usually only do that with our partner, like me and Courtney, and Jordan and Nicole," Logan replied.
"We've done it in the same bed at the same time before, but only with our partners; and when that happens, sure, there's some touching and all, but never intercourse, although there have been a couple of times we've slipped up." Nicole added.
Logan went next. "Tim, how do you like the nudity?"
"I'm warming up to it. I was really hesitant at first, but I like it. Shit, who wouldn't like sitting around this room naked?" They all laughed at that one.
"Ok, Nicole. I'll follow up on Cassie's question," I said. "The four of you don't routinely have intercourse with each other except for you partner. What have the four of you done together, sexually, I mean."
"Just about everything BUT intercourse," she replied. "I mean, we had to set some ground rules, especially when we are drinking and all get nude. We have an agreement that anything but intercourse is fine," Nicole replied, "and we're all comfortable with that."
I found that quite revealing. Apparently they're not holding back on anything.
Logan got up and refilled everyone's glass but Cassie's, who said that she'd had enough. When he returned, I noticed him looking at Cassie and stroking his cock gain.
Nicole continued. "Cassie, are you and Tim open to some fun, like I described. No intercourse, but some fun?"
"We haven't talked about it, but I am if he is."
Cassie took her turn and said to me, "Tim, are you open to some fun tonight, especially when we get to the dares?"
"Sure, if everyone else is."
"Jordan. If you were dared to fondle someones, breasts, who would you choose?" I asked.
"Cassie. I've already fondled Nicole, of course, and Courtney a few times. So it would be Cassie," he replied.
It was Jordan's turn, and he asked me, "Tim, how would you feel with one of us fondling Cassie's breasts?"
"Well, that's part of the game. If Cassie's all right with it, so am I, and I have every reason to believe she'd be all right with it," I replied laughing. We all looked at Cassie, who was getting a bit turned on by the discussion and was slowly rubbing her pussy.
It was my turn to ask the next question. "Nicole, where else do you guys go and get naked? Do you do this anywhere else, her than here?"
Nicole, who was fairly inebriated at this point, replied, "Well our . . . I mean my dad has a cabin in the mountains, and quite often the four of us go there to get away, and we usually shed our clothes when we arrive and don't see them until we leave." I noticed her slip-up, and wanted to immediately ask another question, but that would have to wait for later.
We continued with the game for a few more minutes, and then it was my turn again.
"Nicole, tell us something about you and Jordan that everyone knows but me and Cassie."
"I was afraid you picked up on my stumble," she replied. "I guess there's no reason not to tell you and Cassie," she said as the room got very quiet and she looked over at the other three, with Jordan nodding his consent. "We don't share this with anyone, but, you see, Jordan and I are half brother and sister. We have the same father. His father and my mother had an affair resulting in me. Our parents got divorced and my mother married our father. Jordan and I were raised together by our father and my mother. We realized that we were in love with each other two years ago, and have been a couple ever since."
The room remained silent for a few seconds, as everyone was waiting for our reaction, which wouldn't be what they expected.
"Should I?" Cassie asked me.
"Yeah, go ahead," I replied.
Everyone looked at us, wondering what we were talking about.
"Tim and I are brother and sister, too," she said, with everyone staring at her in disbelief.
"Really, no kidding?" Jordan and Nicole both asked, together.
"Yeah, no kidding. We've always been close, but just recently started, you know, having sex and all, and now, I'm pregnant."
"Oh my God," the four of them exclaimed almost in unison.
"Do your parents know?"
"No, our mother died years ago, but our father doesn't know about our relationship. Soon, though, we'll have to tell him at least about the baby," Cassie said.
"We, we can all support you. I know how much it meant to me and Jordan to have Logan and Courtney's support," Nicole said, continuing, "they weren't aware that Jordan and I were brother and sister until about our third date, and then one of us slipped up and said something like I did a while ago. They've been supportive of our relationship, though."
"Yeah," Logan chimed in, "it didn't really bother me and Courtney. She was Nicole's room mate, and they were also best friends at college, and when she found out, well, she told me, and like I said, it really didn't make any difference to us. That's when Jordan moved in with me, so he and Nicole could come over to our place and hang out too. I don't really think of them as brother and sister, and I certainly didn't think of you two that way, and it doesn't make any difference to us, obviously."
"It's been great, having Logan and Courtney as friends," Jordan said, "because it gives us a couple we like that we can be ourselves around. Not everyone's as accepting of our relationship; few even know about it."
"Well, now you have another couple. I hope we can remain friends," Cassie said.
"Yeah, your secret is safe with us!" I said, laughing at the irony of my statement, along with everyone else.
"Well, I think that's about enough with the truth part; I think I'll refill some glasses and we can move on to the dares, if everyone's willing," Logan said, looking at Cassie as she was rubbing herself again. He stroked his cock before he got up to get some refills. We all go up and gathered some more food for our next round, which wouldn't be a long one, as Cassie was starting to get tired, she said.
Cassie pulled me over to the side and asked, "Do you think we should, you know, stay for the dares? I'd kinda like to if you would, I mean. Like they said, there wont be any intercourse. I'm sure there'll be a lot of touching and all, but no intercourse. What do you think? It might be kinda fun."