Elena felt very bouncy.
Too bouncy? Nah, this was just perfect. She was free!
For the first time Elena had dared to go out while not wearing a bra. She had been doing so at home for years, but was always shy about being braless in public. She had quite large breasts that hung low on her chest, so when she walked they bounced and swayed quite energetically. But she hated wearing bras, and finally decided it was time to be free of them for good.
She was committed to that decision, but gosh they really were moving. She was tempted to grab them and hold them still, but realised that would both look ridiculous, and draw more attention to them, and also not be a sustainable approach to her new always-braless life. Nope, she would just have to get used to the feeling, and the attention it might draw.
She had worn a high-necked long-sleeved jumper with a thick woven texture. The texture hid her nipples well, and didn't show up the shape of her breasts so much. She thought it would hide her bralessness a bit at least.
She was popping round to her local green grocers to stock up on fruit and veg. A small trip just to test the braless waters. She walked in, grabbed a basket, and proceeded to pick up the various produce she needed. No one paid her any attention. A talk dark stranger caught her eye as she approached the melons. They looked at each other. She smiled. He smiled back, and then grabbed a couple of melons... and walked on past to the kiwis before going to the cashier and leaving.
Picking up a punnet of strawberries Elena was done too. She went to the cash desk, and manoeuvring the now heavy basket could really feel her free breasts swaying with the awkward movement. No one noticed or cared.
She bagged up, paid up, and walked out. She felt... disappointed? She was so worried about people noticing her bralessness before, but now felt it had been a bit anti-climax that no one paid any attention at all. Hmm.
She walked home, and dumping the shopping bag on the kitchen counter walked into her living room, peeling her jumper off as she walked in front of the large mirror that occupied most of one wall.
She took in her now topless body, enjoying the sight of her own large breasts. She shook her torso and little and watched them sway and jiggle. "Nice", she said aloud to herself. "So, that was all fine," she continued talking to herself, "but I think I can be a bit bolder."
--
Later that day she ran another errand, collecting some holiday photos from her local printers. This time she wore a strappy crop top. This clearly showed off her deep cleavage, and clung tight around her breasts, revealing her prominent large nipples and the shape of her breasts very obviously. It was cut high on her stomach; really almost a boob tube with straps. She felt much more exposed.
Testing out the look in front of her mirror, she vigorously walked on the spot. Her boobs bounced all over the place. Much more noticeable than the last outfit. Her nerves started to grow again, but she was excited too; the idea of people being distracted by her very obvious breasts was now a point of excitement rather than dread.
She headed out. Her boobs jiggled vigorously with every step. Several heads of passers-by turned as she passed them. She was definitely being noticed this time. Her nipples got harder at the excitement of that. Looking down she could see them prominently from above. "Gosh," she thought to herself, "but no turning back now. Come on girls," she addressed her breasts, "time for the show." With that she turned from the side road she was on into the busy high street. Many more heads turned, some openly staring, as her boobs bounced along with every step, her nipples trying there very hardest to burst right through the fabric of her top.
Elena marched onwards, a big smile across her face, walking with an upbeat swagger that just made her boobs sway even more from side to side than normal.
She stepped into the printers, a familiar haunt as she often got photos from trips printed here. "Hi Steve," she called to the server. A young bearded guy, about her age (thirties) turned to greet her, and did a double take as his gaze slipped from her beaming smile to her chest. All the movement had made the bottom of her crop-top curl right up under her boobs, cupping them, and revealing their shape completely.
"Steve?", Elena prompted, snapping him back to attention and her eyes. "Got my photos ready?"
"I, uh, yes," he stammered, "some nice shots!"
"Oh, what caught you eye?" Elena's mind wondered, they were mostly just beach photos from her last trip to Spain. Oh. Beach photos from her last trip to Spain, where she was mostly topless.
Steve looked alarmed at being asked to be more specific, obviously not wanting to admit her just liked her boobs.
Elena made it easy for him. "Just enjoyed my tits huh?"
"No!" Steve protested. "Well I mean, yes, obviously, they're great, but, not like, I was looking... really, just-"
"I don't mind if you looked," Elena tried to ease his pain. "If I did your job I'd be checking out all the sexy pics!"
Steve laughed nervously.
"Why don't you show me your favourite?" Elena pressed on.
"I, well, there was one..." Steve opened up Elena's envelope of photos and began flipped through. Peering over the counter Elena was a bit surprised, she'd forget just how much boob she'd sent to get printed!
Steve stopped, and slid a photo over the counter. Elena was mid-way through taking her bikini top off, her breasts half exposed.
"Oh, you like seeing me strip, huh?" Elena teased.
Steve laughed nervously again.
Elena checked over her shoulder, and with a rush of boldness lifted up her top. "Like this?" Her boobs dropped down, released from the top. Steve stared open mouthed.
Another customer walked in behind her. Elena quickly pulled down her top and reach for her photos, shuffling the loose one pack into the pack. "Thanks Steve, we good for these?"
Smiling from ear to ear Steve nodded, accepting Elena's flashing as payment.
Also grinning, Elena swiftly walked out past the old lady who had come in behind her and who was now giving her a dirty look. Elena winked as she passed.
She almost skipped home, the bouncing in her heels giving her an even more enormous bounce up top. Plenty more eyes found there way to her along the way. Those that also looked her in the eye were greeted with a beaming smile.
Elena was elated. She never knew she was an exhibitionist before, but today had been quite the revelation. People checking out her braless breasts was a thrill. Flashing them bare even more so.
When she got home she headed straight for her wardrobe, picking out a selection of different outfits to suit her new found desire to flaunt.
She picked out the thinnest summer dress she had. A halter neck design that left her back completely bare, and the side of her boobs quite exposed. It was one of the few outfits she had worn braless before, but she normally paired it with a cardigan to maintain her modesty somewhat. Not today, this time she would wear it with nothing at all, not even her panties.
The thin fabric made her nipples extremely visible. She was delighted. The tied halter neck made it something she might just "accidentally" find coming undone. The short design meant a gust of wind could just as easily expose her bare now-underwear-free lower half too.
Ready for more fun, she headed straight back out, ready to find more eyes to take in her not-very-dressed self.