Thanks for picking this story to read! This is part 2 of a true story - the first part appears in "Lovely Lynn at the Nudist Resort" so probably best to start there.
*****
A few weeks went by since the day that I met Lynn, and she and I sent a few text messages during that time. Some messages from her were fun and flirtatious and some seemed a little cooler, keeping her distance. I have to admit though, every one of them made me smile. Somehow, this lovely woman made me feel happy. I really wanted to see her again, and I told her so. I made a few suggestions for meeting at the nudist resort again, or at a nude beach a few hours away, or even just for a dinner mid-way between our towns. She declined my invitations politely, but she never asked me to stop, and she often said things that made it clear that she really liked me, too.
Eventually, we agreed to meet again at "our" nudist resort on an upcoming Sunday. We were really lucky in that the day turned out to be very sunny and warm. Little did we know, though, that there was an event that day, as there often is on weekends at this resort, and by the time I arrived it was getting crowded. I stripped to my skin to meet the dress code and then began to search for lovely Lynn. It took me a few minutes of searching but I eventually found her. She was fully naked, of course, and truly beautiful. She smiled shyly when she saw me, and I made my way over to her. It may sound silly, but when I saw her again, my heart skipped a beat. Her beautiful smile, her lovely dancer's body, bare and well-lit by the sun, was incredible.
I would love to say that we melted into each other's arms and kissed passionately, but this was real life and I can admit that it seemed momentarily awkward. We had spent a single, magical day together weeks before and had not seen each other since. I told her how happy I was to see her and how beautiful she looked, and I meant it. She thanked me, we hugged a little tentatively and then pulled each other closer before breaking the embrace much too soon. She told me that she had saved a spot for us at the side of the pool with her towel, so we headed over and sat side by side, watching groups of naked people taking part in a silly contest in the pool. I wrapped an arm around her tiny waist and pulled us close, hip to hip, and she rested a hand on my thigh. In a moment of near-disbelief, I closed my eyes and thanked my lucky stars for the chance to be with this amazing lady again.
We talked and laughed, and when she turned to look at me and I kissed her on the lips. I reached up and stroked her face and kissed her again, deeply, and we both smiled even before ending the kiss. The magic was back.
After a while, I went to the bar and bought drinks for us and we sat and drank them by the pool. When the events in the pool ended and people began to leave the area, we got into the shallow end of the pool with our drinks and held each other, kissing some more. I covertly caressed her wonderful little breasts and pinched a nipple while we kissed and she moaned into my mouth, telling me that she wanted me to continue. I picked her up and had her sit on my lap. We continued to sip our drinks and enjoy the sunshine, but in this position we had lots of contact and she reached a hand down between us and started to caress my cock, which quickly responded. It took a great deal of will power to not just pick her up and lay her on the pool deck and make love to her right there. Truth be told, the idea of an audience didn't dissuade me, it turned me on. Some semblance of decorum must be maintained, however, so I resisted and we continued to kiss and caress as much as we could get away with.
After a while, and after letting my cock soften to a respectable level, we got up and headed back to the outdoor bar for a second drink. As it got later and the sun started to go down, the crowd thinned and a guy came and set up karaoke in the outdoor bar area. It was still warm and we were still naked. The crowd of 20 or so at the outdoor bar was a mix of naked couples and singles, a few people wearing shorts or bikini bottoms, and a few people fully dressed. That's clothing optional for you - nobody minded or noticed. We got another drink and found a spot where we could watch people perform. Some performed naked, some dressed. Some were truly wonderful singers, some were terrible. We watched for about 30 minutes, talking casually with others, and we clapped and cheered for every performer regardless of their talent level.
Everyone seemed to be encouraging everyone else to sing. Lynn and I talked about whether we'd sing any songs, and even considered a few possible titles, but decided to pass this time. Instead, we got a third drink and headed to the hot tub.
The hot tub at this resort is huge. It's shaped as an elongated oval, with room for maybe 25 people. The tub is a little off to the side of the pool and bar area, and while not private, it does afford a little privacy. There were maybe two other couples in the tub, and they were spread out along the length of the oval tub. We found our own little spot with our own jets, and a ledge on which to place our drinks. I pulled Lynn onto my lap straddling me face to face and we kissed our most passionate kiss yet, open mouthed with tongues and lips and even some teeth fully involved. This was no 30-second kiss. It went on for minutes on end and the longer it went on, the more tightly we held each other. My cock was harder than it had been in years and Lynn was now grinding her bare shaved pussy against it. Eventually, she reached down and grabbed my cock and rubbed the head against her clit, which made her squirm and moan quietly and which had me incredibly turned on. We continued kissing and fondling like this for maybe 15 minutes, with me occasionally stealing glances to check on the other couples. If they minded, I couldn't tell. The sun had started to go down, and they each were quietly talking and kissing and for all I could tell they were doing exactly what we were.
Lynn let go of my cock and embraced me still harder, biting me on the shoulder. I pulled her to me and we both shifted our hips in what must be human instinct because all of a sudden my cock found her opening and before we knew it, the head of my cock was inside her. I heard Lynn draw a quick breath and saw her eyes open wider, and then we both pulled closer drawing me inch by inch inside her. This was crazy, and amazing. We were fucking outdoors, right in front of two other couples. Granted, they could not see exactly what we were doing, and maybe they couldn't tell, but they probably guessed. Not fifty feet away, a small crowd of karaoke partiers were laughing and singing, and here I was fully inside Lynn. She was squeezing my cock with her tight little pussy and I was grinding into her. Soon we settled into a slow steady rhythm, and continued to fuck for maybe ten minutes while people came and went in the hot tub area. By this point, we didn't care. We even stopped, with me still inside her, and exchanged pleasantries and small talk with other people before oh-so-slowly re-establishing our rhythm of love.
After a while, as the sun truly went down and it began to get dark, the lights around the pool came on. We stopped and kissed some more and then got out to go have some dinner at the resort cafe.
We wrapped ourselves in towels and walked over, and ordered pepper-encrusted rare tuna with wasabi over a salad and a smoked prime rib and we shared it all. We ate, we laughed, we gazed into each other's eyes, we kissed, and we greedily enjoyed each other's company until it was finally time to go home. Lynn and I were now truly lovers and I would be counting the days until I could see her again.
*****
Thanks for reading! If there is interest, I will gladly continue to tell the story of Dee and Lynn.