I would like to give huge shout out to the talented editor Dazmine, without whom this story may have never been published.
________________________________
You know he's watching you again.
Your neighbor always seemed to be at his window when you were fresh out of the shower. Intently looking through the glass into your bedroom while you applied lotion to your naked body. When you first noticed it, you thought about going over to his house and telling him off, but you never did. Instead, you begin taking longer and longer to fully lotion yourself, prolonging the show for him and getting aroused by being watched.
Today is no different. You sit on your bed, facing your window, and begin applying the lotion to your breasts first. Slowly, you coat your bosom in the cream and begin massaging it into your soft skin. Your hands roam over your breasts in large, lazy circles, down the outsides and up between the valley where they meet. Squeezing them and pushing them together every so often, and even teasing your nipples with a slight pinch here and there for good measure. You do your best to put on a good show for your spectator.
Then, you lean back slightly and begin to lotion your stomach, running your hands down your tummy and back up over your waist and ribs. Of course, as with your breasts, you take your time with this, languidly caressing your lower abdomen with your hands, silently wondering if he wished that his hands were touching you this way.
You stand up and take a few steps away from the bed. Squirting more lotion in your hands, you rub it between your hands before turning around and bending over, your ass on full display for his eyes, to lotion your legs. This takes you the longest since, more than any other part of your body, you love presenting your ass for his viewing pleasure. Once you finish, you stand up straight, aroused from your exhibition.
This is normally where you end your performance. Any other day, you would close the curtains, lie in bed, and rub your swollen clit and finger your drooling hole until you reached orgasm. But today, you want to try something different. Today, the show must go on.
So, you lay on your bed, your legs facing the window, and spread them wide. You know he is too far away to make out every detail of your pussy, but you're sure he can see enough to let his imagination fill in the blanks. You close your eyes and imagine him naked by his window, hard cock in hand, lazily stroking it at your show, as you begin to rub your clit in small circles. You imagine him jacking himself off a little faster at the sight of your spread legs and your hand on your cunt, groaning in pleasure as he imagines that instead of his hand, it is your hot, wet sex that is tightly gripping his throbbing manhood.
Without realizing it, you begin rubbing yourself more vigorously, your back arching up off the bed as pleasure fills your body. You imagine what his ragged breathing sounds like, and how his hot breath on your sensitive skin would enhance your arousal. Or maybe this will be too much for him, and he won't be able to resist coming over here and taking you on this bed, his hard member sliding easily into your sopping sex as he proceeds to unleash his pent up desires on you, fucking you hard and deep and fast, making your toes curl and your fingers dig into his back.
You're close now. Oh, so close as your mind creates image after image of different situations where your neighbor comes over and ravages you for being such a filthy, naughty little cock tease. Your fingers rub faster and faster, aggressively pushing you further and further towards orgasm until...
You gasp and moan loudly as you cum, your legs almost slamming shut, and your entire body going stiff for a moment. Biting your lip as you whimper in delight, you ride out your orgasm until you lay in bed, your body gone completely loose, shivering from the aftershocks of your orgasm.
For a moment, you simply lay there, reveling in your post-orgasm bliss. Then, you stand and make your way to the window, smiling at your spectator, before closing the curtains until the next show.