The sun shone a bright red over my still closed eyes. I turned my head down into my sleeping bag, but to little avail. I squinted my eyes and glanced to my phone. It was only 6:50am, but already the sun was too bright for me to go back to sleep. I rubbed my eyes and sat up, feeling a drop of sweat slide down my right temporal, remembering how warm it gets insulated in a tent once the sun starts to beat down on it.
I stretched out my arms and rolled onto my knees, unzipping my tent. A cool wind, at least compared to the inside of my tent, streamed in. I closed my eyes and tilted my head back wishing I was still asleep, enjoying the feeling of cold air flow through the tent, evaporating any small droplets of sweat lingering on my body.
I tilted my head back down and looked out over the campsite. All the other tents were still closed, the bright, warm sun apparently only affecting me, I thought, until a moment later I saw some movement in the tent off to my right.
Ashley unzipped her tent and stepped out, fully clothed. I was about to call out to her, but she quickly walked over to John's tent and tapped on the outside, whispering something I couldn't hear. John opened his tent.
"Ready?" I heard him ask quietly.
"Yeah. John, hurry up!" Ashley whispered back, grabbing his arm and pulling him up out of the tent. "We probably don't have a lot of time!"
The two of them hurried off to the other side of his tent and left down the eastern trail into the woods.
"What the heck could they be doing so early in the morning?" I said aloud. I wondered for just a moment, then decided to try and follow them. I threw on my flip flops and, as quietly as I could, went after them.
When I got to the trail Ashley and John were already out of sight, but luckily I remembered all the ins and outs of these trails from when I was younger, when Tim and I used to come here together with our families. I followed quickly, as I knew I couldn't be too far behind. The dirt trail moved left and right several times through some thick woods and I came out to a clearing after about a minute of stealthy, fast walking, where the trail forked into three different directions.
"Damn it!" I thought to myself. "I thought I would have caught up to them by now."
I looked down at the trail. No foot prints or any other sign of which trail they went off on. I had no idea which direction they went, or what they could be doing at this time in the morning. I thought about guessing, and traveling a little bit farther down one of the three trails, but decided it would probably be a waste of time. I was too sleepy still to go out on a hunt for those two. I'll just pull Ashley aside later and ask her what in god's name they were doing hiking at seven in the morning.
I turned around and started to head back. I got to the first turn in the trail, when I faintly heard some rustling off to my right into the woods, and paused to listen.
"Oh, god, Ashley. This is crazy!" It was John's voice. They must've gone off trail - and that's why I thought I hadn't caught up to them!
"Shhhhh!" I heard Ashley tell John.
I looked around but couldn't see them. Then I spotted some tall grass off the trail that had been brushed to the side and stepped on, obviously where the two of them entered the woods. I started to follow the path they left, careful not to step on leaves or small twigs, and crept through the brush. I didn't want Ashley and John to know I had followed them.
"Ashley don't worry, no one is awake and we're in the middle of nowhere," I heard John say in a whisper.
I was getting closer. I tiptoed around a few more bushes and trees, and peered through the woods to a clearing.
The clearing up ahead was small, maybe twenty feet around, but perfectly void of bushes and trees. A clear blue sky opened up overhead and rays of light shimmered through the clearing onto the short grassy knoll. And there sat Ashley and John.
"Ashley, gods this feels incredible!" John said, quiet loud this time.
"Shhhhhh!" I heard Ashley say with a harsh tone. "John I'll stop right now if you can't keep quiet!"
John and Ashley were close to each other, but I couldn't yet tell what was going on. I crept closer till I was just on the outskirts of the clearing, kneeling behind a bush. I carefully pushed my hands through the bush and pushed a small opening through so I could see what was happening.
Ashley was kneeling beside John, looking up to him. John was smiling back to her and... Holy Shit! I hadn't noticed right away, but John was sitting down, his pants around his ankles, his erect cock standing straight up in the air!
Ashley, still fully clothed, wrapped her hand around his cock and dipped her head, bobbing it up and down, engulfing John's penis in her mouth. I couldn't believe it!
"Oh, Ashley!" John said, quieter this time. "Your mouth feels so good!"
Ashley's hand started to move up and down in a twisting motion in rhythm with her mouth suctioning John's hard, long penis. She paused a moment and sat up. Ashley crossed her arms grabbing the bottom of her shirt, and pulled it over her head in a single motion. Her perky c-cup breasts dropped down, bouncing a few times before settling. They looked even bigger compared to her smooth, soft stomach, and they hung down below her as she knelt forward again, sucking John's cock with even more vigor that before.
John leaned forward, grabbing Ashley's breasts as she used her hand and mouth as if trying to milk every last drop of cum out of John's penis.
"Oh, John!" Ashley moaned for a moment as John swirled his hands over her tits, then getting right back to blowing him. Ashley had amazing technique. I was really learning a lot from watching her!
"Yeah Ashley and John!" I accidentally whispered aloud, unable to control my excitement, then slapped my own hand over my mouth.
Ashley stopped abruptly, glancing over to exactly where I was, and I froze. "Shit!" I thought. "Did she hear me?" I couldn't believe I said that out loud!
Ashley and John stood up and my heart skipped a beat, but just as quickly as they stood up they were ripping the rest of each other's clothes off, Ashley pulling her pajama pants and underwear down to her ankles and stepping out of them, John tearing off his shirt and throwing it off to the side.
I let out a sigh of relief as my heart pounded in my chest, glad they hadn't seen or heard me spying on them. I thought briefly about heading back to the campsite and leaving them alone, but this was too hot not to watch. I had to stay!
Ashley seductively lied down on her back, and slowly spread her legs apart, presenting herself to John, who knelt down and lied over her. From the angle I was at I just caught a glimpse of John's cock sliding into Ashley's tiny, glistening pussy before her leg blocked my view.
"Oh God, John!" Ashley moaned. "Oh god your cock feels so good!
"Your pussy is so warm and tight, Ashley," John moaned back. "Ashley, you're so hot!"
John started to rock his body back and forth, slow at first but picked up speed quickly. Soon John was thrusting his pelvis in and out of her harder and harder. It took every ounce of restraint not to slip my own hand into my pants and start masturbating. Instead I controlled myself enough to grasp my left breast with my right hand and shimmy my legs together, letting out a low moan as I watched.
"Oh, fuck me, John! Yes!" Ashley called out, not even trying to whisper anymore, her breasts giggling in up and down circular motions, clapping together against her body. "Fuck me John. Oh, John, your cock is so long, it feels so good deep inside me! Fuck me John, Fuck me, oh, Yes!"
Ashley's head tilted back as she motioned her pelvis forward and back as John fucked her, grabbing Ashley's leg and pressing it into him as he thrust his cock into her. John was the shy and quiet one in the group, but he took complete control while having sex with Ashley, moving her body around with ease, fucking her pussy hard while on top of her.
"Oh John, I'm about to cum!" Ashley called out. "Fuck me John, fuck me harder. Yes, yes, oh god Yes! I'm cumming, John, I'm cumming!!"
John pulled his cock out of Ashley and cum erupted outward, releasing onto Ashley's soft stomach. John grabbed his penis and jerked off a few more, smaller loads onto Ashley, and then fell over to her side, lying next to her as their chests motioned up and down, catching their breath.
Suddenly I was pulled back to reality. I can't believe I just watched John and Ashley fuck each other in the woods! John and Ashley got up and started to put their clothes back on, and I realized I had better get out of there quick!
I ducked down and headed back to the trail as quietly as I could, trying to step in the exact same places I did before, trying again not to step on dead leaves or twigs. I made it back to the trail quick enough, proud at how stealthy I was, and glanced back behind me. There was no sign of Ashley or John yet, and so I hurried back down the trail to the campsite. All the tents were still zipped up, and so I unzipped my tent again and hopped in.
I got changed, putting on a pair of shorts and a tank top and long white socks, expecting we'd all go for a hike later today. I heard Ashley and John get back to the camp a few moments later, listening carefully as they both unzipped their tents and got inside. I waited a few more minutes before leaving my tent again, and taking a seat around the spot where our campfire had been. Only a few more minutes passed before Tim and James were awaking and unzipping their own tents.
"Hey there," James said to me, squinting out of a hole in his tent just big enough for his head. "How long have you been up for?"
I stretched out my arms yawning, pretending to still be sleepy. "Only a few minutes," I told him, knowing Ashley and John were awake and probably listening.
Tim got out of his tent, still in his PJs. "I forgot how warm it gets once the sun is up," Tim told me.
"Yeah!" I agreed. "I was thinking the same thing. It's like an oven in there," I said, pointing back to my tent.
"Man, you're all ready for the day, aren't you?" James asked me, still peeking just his head out of his tent. "I guess I should get dressed too, I'll be out in a second."
James and Tim both got changed for the day and sat next to me, shortly followed by Alex. They all wore similar hiking boots with shorts and t-shirts, except Alex who also threw on a light weight flannel. He seriously was a lumberjack, I thought laughing to myself.
We were all relatively quiet as Tim and James started a fire and Alex got things ready for breakfast, cooking up some bacon and eggs for everyone once the fire got going.
"Guys, how are you still sleeping?" James questioned, calling out in the direction of John and Ashley's tents. "It's like, a million degrees in there."
Ashley rustled around in her tent, then unzipped it a bit. Her eyes were squinty and tired. She honestly would have fooled me if I didn't know she'd been awake for an hour already. "Oh, Hey!" she said wearily. "Yeah, Jesus it's warm. I'll be out in a second," she said, then zipped her tent back up, presumably to change.
John stepped silently out of his tent, already in new clothes for the day, and Ashley stepped out just a moment later, her hair tied back, smiling for what should have seemed like no reason at all.
We all sat down around the fire and ate breakfast, thanking James, Alex and Tim for getting everything together this morning. When we were done, Ashley, John and I cleaned up, and we sat around the fire for a while longer, giving ourselves time to fully wake up. Most of us, I imagine, were still thinking about what a good time we had last night, letting the reality of it all sink in, although no one talked about it. I was a little embarrassed about the whole thing, and I figure everyone else was too, even though I secretly wanted it to happen again, and I still couldn't believe I watched Ashley and John fuck each other not thirty minutes ago! I was dying inside to talk to someone about it, but thought it best not to say anything at all.
"Guys, I'm ready for an adventure," Tim said after a little while, standing up and stretching.
"Yeah, me too!" I joined in. "I was thinking we could go for a hike, Tim!" I said looking up to him with excitement. "Maybe show everyone the blue ridge trial? If we left soon we could be at the top of the trail in a few hours, that'd give us enough time to get back before the sun goes down!"
"What's the blue ridge trail?" James asked.
"A couple of hours hike from here," Tim said. "It takes us up to the top of Grandfather's Peak. It's a great look over the entire Adirondacks."
"Yeah," I agreed, "We'll pass some waterfalls and have to climb up some boulders and stuff. It's really fun!"
"That sounds awesome," Ashley said looking to me and Tim. "Give me a minute to pack some water and snacks and I'll be ready to go!"
Everyone nodded in agreement, grabbed their backpacks and water canteens, and we were off.
The hike was beautiful and quiet, passing by lots of wildflowers and evergreen pines. The air in the Adirondacks was always crisp and clean and easy to breathe. An hour in we heard the first waterfall in the distance, which compelled us all to hurry along and find it. Once there we took a snack break, took lots of pictures, and all took turns standing under the 20' waterfall to keep cool. The water was freezing cold mountain runoff, but felt amazing after an hour hike in the sun. The boys brought a skim ball with them and stood in the waist deep water by the falls, passing the ball around, skimming it off the water to each other as Ashley and I sat down on some rocks near the water's edge and watched.
"I um," Ashley started after a few minutes of rest.
I looked over to her as she stared into the reflections of the water.
"Yeah?" I asked.
"I want to tell you something."
Immediately my mind raced to earlier this morning. Was she going to tell me about her and John? I was so excited to hear about it from her! I had to stay calm though. I didn't want her to know I had spied on them.
"Well," She started, then looked up to me. "I, um... I fucked John this morning," she finally said.
I couldn't believe how bluntly it came out. My jaw dropped open, I didn't even have to pretend to be surprised. "What!?" I said loudly.
"Shhhh" Ashley said, covering my mouth and holding a finger over her lips. We looked over to the boys, but they weren't paying us any attention.
"Ashley!" I said. "I can't believe it!"
"Actually I could believe it!" I snickered to myself.
"Yeah," she admitted. "I've got to admit, I've had a little crush on John for a while now."
It started to make more sense to me. When she introduced the other boys to me, she had only pointed to James and Alex, but she made it a point to tell me what a smart, kind person John was when she told me about him.
"When?" I asked, pretending not to know, "This morning before we woke up? You two must have been really quiet!"
"Yeah," Ashley said, "but we actually fucked in the woods!" she exclaimed. "It was so invigorating being naked outdoors last night, it really got me wanting to have sex outside. And so I couldn't help myself. I finally told John I wanted to fuck him last night, but we kind of missed our opportunity to sneak off, so I woke him up early this morning and we fucked in the woods! His cock is Amazing, Laura! It' so long, it kept pressing into my cervix when we fucked!"
I couldn't believe the detail she was going into!
"I've never had such an incredible, full body orgasm like that!" Ashley paused a moment, as if out of breath from imagining fucking John. "Seeing all the boys naked yesterday really got me thinking, Laura," she told me, "I bet we could fuck all these boys this weekend!"
I was speechless for a moment. "Ashley!" I nearly yelled. I didn't know what to say! "What about John?" I asked. "Didn't you just tell me you have a crush on him? Do you really want to have sex with the other boys too?"
"Hell yeah," Ashley said. "I mean, be honest, don't' you?"
I paused for a moment, then admitted, "Yes, yes I actually really want to fuck them. They're all so hot in different ways!" I stared out over the water, watching them playing catch, imagining them naked again. Alex, with his huge muscular arms and hairy chest, Tim and James tall and fit with broad shoulders, and even John, something about him was charming and masculine even though he wasn't as muscular as the other three boys.
"Honestly," Ashley said. "I think John is just as wild on the inside as I am. He'd be fine with me fucking the other boys. I know he's the only one I really care about on a deeper level though, so why not get to have some fun with all of them?"
I thought about how fun it would be to have such an open relationship with someone. The idea of it was really freeing.
"Since we're sharing," I told Ashley, not waiting for her reply. "I watched Alex masturbate in his tent last night," I blurted out. "It was so much fun! His cock is pretty average in terms of length, but Ashley, it's so thick!"
"I know!" Ashley said. "I caught a glimpse of it last night I couldn't believe it!"
"I was so turned on," I admitted, "I fingered myself watching him!"
Ashley slapped my arm. "Laura!" she exclaimed. "I knew you had it in you!"
Ashley and I smiled at each other, then looked back out to the boys, soaking went, admiring them as their shirts clung to their bodies.
We sat in appreciative silence for a bit longer, and eventually Tim, John, James and Alex came back, dried off a bit, and we continued our hike up to the top of grandfather mountain. Along the way we all joked around, playfully teasing each other, and I started to feel really comfortable with everyone. During the climbing parts of the hike, Tim and I helped push up the rest of the group up some of the harder areas. Then Tim would help push me up, always grabbing my ass to hoist me up to higher area for me to grab onto. He acted like he didn't mean to, but I knew he was doing on purpose. And honestly, I really liked it!
"Like grabbing my ass, Tim?" I whispered in his ear once he climbed up to where the rest of us were, jokingly smiling at him and nudging his arm.
"I, uh, it was an accident!" he said. "I swear!" Tim looked at me and smiled bashfully. "I'm just trying to make sure you didn't fall!"
I turned my back to him and wiggled my little bubble butt against his thigh, then turned up to him and smiled. Tim turned red, and I walked ahead of him, a little embarrassed myself at what I'd just done, but somehow really glad at the same time.
Eventually we made it to the top of Grandfather Peak, where we all sat around and had lunch, admiring the amazing view of endless forest to the horizon.
"This really is spectacular," John said, all of us nodding in agreement.
"Yeah, thanks again, Tim and Laura," Alex said. "This has been such an awesome trip with you guys. I never would have come out here if it weren't for you two."
"Oh no way, thanks for coming along!" Tim said respectfully.
We were all quiet for a while longer, gazing out at the view. After about a half hour, we decided it was time to head back so we weren't stuck out on the trail once the sun went down.
The trip back down was quicker, as it always is. Tim and I seemed to touch each other playfully any chance we got, and I could tell Ashley and John were doing the same thing. Eventually we got back to the campsite and started the fire again. Tim and John got dinner started this time and we all began to drink as the sun went down. We were all quiet as we ate, mostly due to being so tired from the long hike.
We finished eating and cleaned up, and had a few more drinks before Alex finally broke the tension, as we were all thinking the same thing.
"Guys, are we going back to the lake tonight, or what?" Alex said.
"Yeah let's go!" Tim said immediately as if he'd been waiting all day for someone to propose the idea.
Ashley and I looked at each other. Ashley raised her eyebrows to me a few times, and then winked. "I'll be back in a jiffy!" Ashley said, "Just have to change into my bathing suit!"
With that we all hurried into our tents and changed. My heart was beating so fast, I was so excited about going to the lake, hopefully getting to see all the boys naked again!
We exited our tents, and ran off to the lake, everyone knowing the way this time.
"Hey guys, watch out for poison ivy!" James called out from behind us.
We all laughed, and continued to make our way to the lake. We got to the sandy shore in no time at all, and stood around in a circle.
"Listen," James said. "We have to be quieter this time around. We don't want Park Ranger Michael to come by here again."
James smiled, and we all vowed to be quieter this time.
"That means so screaming like a little girl this time, Laura," James added, smiling.
"Hey!" I protested, "I've never jumped off something that high before, alright? I got a little scared is all."
"That's what she said," Alex said.
Everyone looked at him for a silent moment, then started to crack up at how stupid that was.
"Shhhhh!" James said, laughing louder than anyone. "This is what I'm talking about!"
"Ok, ok, seriously, guys," Tim said. "Let's be quiet."
Everyone nodded again. And like last time, everyone suddenly got a little timid about going into the lake.
"Alright," Ashley said. "Someone's got to be the first one in this time."
"Hey I did it last time," Alex said. "Don't look at me."
"Laura and Ashley should go in first this time!" James said.
"Yeah, you two were last in yesterday," Tim added. "It's only fair you'd be the first in this time. Take those clothes off!"
"Fine, fine," Ashley said.
"What!?" I asked. "I didn't agree to this. We should draw straws or something," I added, feeling embarrassed again.
Ashley pulled me to the side, away from the boys. "Laura, if we go in first," she whispered, "all the boys will get hard before the take their clothes off and we'll get a really good look at them!"
"Damn, that's a good point," I admitted, contemplating being the first person to take their clothes off.
We rejoined the circle and agreed. "Alright, me and Ashley will strip first," I said.
"Well, Laura will strip first," Ashley said. "I'll go second."
"What!" I said, "We just agreed..."
"That we'd be the first ONES to strip," Ashley finished. "I went before you yesterday, so you go first today," she said smiling devilishly.
"Gods damn it," I said, "Fine, fine."
I took a few steps away from the group and took a few moments to compose myself. My heart was ready to beat out of my chest, I was so nervous! I turned to face them, and they were all staring at me, smiling in anticipation.
"Go Laura!" Ashley cheered me on, and the boys started to chant like last night. "Take it off! Take it off!"
It really encouraged me, knowing that four really hot boys wanted to see me naked. I reached down and pulled my shirt over my head, then shimmied out of my cut off jean shorts leaving me with only my bikini on, trying to look away from everyone staring at me. My heart started to race again as my hands reached around my back, twirling the strings of my bikini top around my fingers. I pulled one of the strings out and the knot fell loose. I grabbed both my breasts before my top fell off to the floor, and looked up to see the expressions the boys were making. Every one of them had their mouths open, even Ashley! They were staring at me, mesmerized, and I wasn't even naked yet!
It made me feel sexy and free. I turned my back to them, twisted my head around to watch their faces, and dropped my bikini top to the floor. Tim was staring at my body so hard I thought he was going to burst, and John and James both had their hands between their legs already, motioning their fingers lightly over the bugles in their bathing suits.
All I could think about was how, soon, I would see all the boys naked, completely erect, and it'd be all because of me!
I kept my back turned to them, deciding to give them a real show, hopefully getting them even harder than last night. I slipped my thumbs under the strings holding up my bikini bottoms, and very, very slowly rocked my hips side to side, not yet lowering my bikini down yet. As my ass lifted left, then right, I looked back again and watched as everyone stared at my ass. I pulled my bathing suit up, stretching it into my ass fully exposing both cheeks, then bent over, the outline of my pussy surely exposed. Gods all I wanted was for Tim to come and take me from behind and fuck me. I didn't care who was watching!
Still fully bent over, I rocked my hips side to side again, slipping my bathing suit off, then slowly rose up and turned to face everyone, completely naked this time. I ran my hands over my body up to my perky, B-cup breasts, gave them a good squeeze for the boys, and turned, taking a few steps off the sandy shore and dove into the water, feeling a full body high as the water ran over my naked body.
I bopped my head up out of the water, and called back.
"Ashley, your turn!"
"How the hell am I supposed to follow that, you little sex kitten!" Ashley replied.
"Not my problem," I said. "You should have done it with me!" I winked at her, and Ashley took a few steps to the lake so all the boys could see her.
"Don't expect that much of a show, boys," Ashley told them as she tossed her t-shirt and shorts to the side. Ashley then matter-of-factly untied her bikini top and bottoms and tossed them aside as well. She turned to face the boys, her hands on her hips, and spun around, showing the boys her entire body.
I could tell they were even more turned on than before. Even in the dim light of the stars and moon I could see their erections through their bathing suits, James and John still rubbing their fingers over them. Tim and Alex were sporting erections as well, and I watched as they twitched, begging to be released from their bathing suits. I could hardly wait anymore! The anticipation was killing me, and I decided to slowly rub my hand over my pussy to relieve some of the tension.
Ashley turned to me in the lake and ran forwards, diving in, then surfacing for a moment only to tackle me into the water with her, her body falling into me, our breasts pressing together. I was pretty jealous of Ashley's body. Even though I was more fit with a flatter stomach, Ashley had bigger breasts than me, perfect teardrops compared to my smaller perky tits, and her hips were curvier with a fuller ass compared to my smaller, heart-shaped bubble butt.
Ashley and I resurfaced, and out of nowhere, she tilted my chin up and kissed me, open mouth, her tongue swirled around mine for a second before her soft lips closed, and it was done.
"Woah, hell yeah!" I heard some of the boys cheer.
"Ashley!" I called, "What the-!"
"Just want them to be as HARD as possible," Ashley replied.
I paused a second, and Ashley and I started to giggle like school girls at the prospect of what was to come.
"Alright, boys," I shouted back to them. "Your turn!"
The boys all looked at each other hesitantly.
"On three?" James said?
"Yeah," John agreed. "On three."
"One," Alex counted aloud, "Two, Three!"
The boys all tossed their shirts aside and, as quickly as they could, shimmied out of their bathing suits, their immensely hard cocks springing upward, finally released. In the commotion, I rubbed my pussy faster, my middle finger lightly entering my vagina, knowing no one would notice. My eyes stared intently at the boys naked bodies, trying to take in as much as I could, but before I knew it they raced into the water in a blur of skin and splashing water. They dove in and under the water they went. It didn't matter though, the image of their rock hard cocks was imprinted in my head.
"Hey come on, now," I protested when they surfaced. "After the show I put on for you boys you all just race in here? I barely saw anything at all!"
"Hey, no one said we had to put on a show," Alex said smiling.
I was hoping for more, but was actually content for now. There were going to be more chances to see them naked, and I was able to relieve myself enough for now, even though my pussy was aching for these boy's penises.
We all swam around a bit, playfully splashing each other and "accidentally" bumping into each other trying to get a quick feel. I was able to brush my hand over both John's and James' cocks. They were still so hard, and I really couldn't believe how long John's was. Even though I saw it in person already, it was a whole other ball game when I lightly stroked it under the water as I swam by. I swear it was two lengths of my hand!
I wasn't the only one who was getting a little handsy. I could tell Ashley was doing the same thing, clearly swimming right alongside Tim and James, brushing her body up against theirs, and John and Alex had both pressed a hand firm against my ass and my breasts on two different occasions. I was starting to get really horny again, getting felt up by these strong boys and getting to touch their hard cocks. I wanted to see them naked again, and was struck with an idea.
"Anyone up for a game of chicken?" I asked, looking towards Ashley. Our eyes met, and I nodded towards her, hoping she'd understand I was telling her to say yes.
"Yeah, let's play!" she said. "We need two more, who else?"
Tim and Alex were the first two to agree, Ashley grabbing onto Tim as he was right next to her, and I swam over to Alex. I knew getting on top of Alex meant exposing myself completely out of the water, but I also knew that I'd be able to see clear through the water from the height I'd be at, and so it was a tradeoff I was willing to make. Ashley hopped up onto Tim's shoulders in a single bound, her breasts practically resting on Tim's head. Tim grabbed hold of her thighs, rubbing his hand over her legs and hips as her ass pressed on his shoulders. I was jealous Tim was feeling up Ashley instead of me, but soon I'd have a perfect view of Tim's completely naked body again.
I grabbed on to Alex's shoulders and hoisted myself up. I immediately felt all eyes on me and Ashley, but I didn't care this time. I looked down and saw Alex's cock jetting straight out in front of him under the water. Alex was rubbing his strong hands over my legs and hips just like Tim was doing to Ashley, and I loved it, getting to look at his cock while he was doing it.
I looked over and, Holy Shit! John and James were both jerking off again! I couldn't believe it! They both loosely stroked their penises forwards and back. It was so hot, seeing them jerk off while watching me and Ashley! I don't think they could tell I could see through the water, and I looked over to Ashley who was staring at them, awestruck.
"Ashley, you ready?" I called over to her, not wanting to ruin the show, but to get her to look away for a moment so it wasn't so obvious what she was looking at. I sure as hell didn't want them to stop because they realized me and Ashley could see them!
Ashley looked over to me as if coming out of a daze. Her eyes widened and the biggest smile came over her face. "Yeah!" she said, "you're going down!"
Alex and Tim started to walk towards each other, and I finally got a good look at Tim's cock. It was long and thick, and standing straight up, bobbing up and down freely as he moved through the water. I didn't have nearly enough time to enjoy it as I had hoped, as Tim and Alex were close, and Ashley and I grabbed hold of each other, pulling and pushing and twisting, trying to knock the other one off. Ashley's breasts swayed back and forth as we struggled and grunted. I couldn't imagine the show we were putting on for John and James. I glanced down in the fury, and saw Tim staring at my body from below. I lost focus for a mere second as I stared back in awe at Tim's naked body, and Ashley pulled me forward. I fell off Alex's shoulders, Tim putting his hands up to catch my fall, grabbing both of my breasts as I hit him and took him under the water with me. We surfaced from the water, and immediately Tim started to apologize.
"Oh gosh, Laura," he said. "I, uh, didn't mean to grab your-"
My hand, as if instinctively, reached down and grasped hold of Tim's penis. It felt so good in my hand!
"Tim," I whispered wetly in his ear, "you're amazing."
Tim was silent, seemingly speechless, and I couldn't help but smile. I pulled his body towards me by his cock, then lightened my grip and delicately began stroking it forward and back. "I can't believe how hard your cock is, Tim!" I whispered to him again. "Are you this hard because of me?" I couldn't contain myself any longer. I needed Tim to know how much I admired him. "MMMmmmm, Tim your penis is so big and thick."
I got completely lost in the moment and forgot everyone else was right next to us. I glanced around, checking to see if it was obvious that I was trying to get Tim off. John and James stood to the side still as stones, but they weren't watching me and Tim, they were looking at Ashley and Alex.
Ashley was very clearly jerking off Alex under the water, her arms motioning vigorously forwards and back, and Alex was returning the favor. I couldn't be sure how that came to be, perhaps Ashley fell into Alex the way I fell into Tim, but regardless of the how it happened, it was happening.
"Oh, god yes," Ashley began to moan audibly. "Alex finger me harder!"
I was glad Ashley was drawing the attention away from me and Tim, and I stopped stroking Tim's cock for a moment to pull him away from the group, over behind a few larger rocks in the water so no one could see us. I peek over one last time to see John and James jerking off more obviously now to the sight out Ashley and Alex masturbating each other.
I turned again to Tim and planted my mouth over his, reaching down for his cock and stroking it again. "Mmmmmm, Gosh Tim," I moaned softly. "Tim your cock is so amazing!" My pussy was on fire, aching for stimulation as I jerked Tim off faster and faster.
Tim grasped my shoulders and forcefully turned me around so my back was to him. Tim reached around my stomach and hips and placed his hand over my pussy. It felt incredible. Tim's hand swirled around, causing water to flow over my clit as well and the sensation was amazing! "Oh, god Tim. Tim I need your cock!" I moaned as his hand swirled faster and faster, rubbing me with sensual strength.
I reached back and grabbed his penis again, even harder than before, if that was possible, and jerked Tim's cock in hard, long strokes.
Tim reached around with his other arm grabbing my breast and squeezing tightly.
"Oh, YES, Tim. Oh God, you feel amazing! Tim, I think I'm going to cum soon!"
"Laura," Tim responded. "Oh god Laura, yes! Your pussy feels so warm and TIGHT," he emphasized as his middle and index fingers slipped inside me, pulsing them in and out, in and out.
"Oh god, Tim I'm about to cum!" I moaned.
"Oh, yes, Laura, me too!"
I pulled Tim's hand out from me and turned to face him. I pulled his cock forward, pressing my pussy on top of it, reaching my arms over his shoulders for support, and began sliding my pussy forward and back, jerking him off with my hot vagina.
"Oh god Tim, Yes! Yes this feels amazing!"
"Laura I'm going to cum any second!" he warned, grasping my breasts, putting me over the edge.
"I'm cumming, Tim, I'm cumming. Oh god yes I'm Cumingggggggg!"
I felt Tim's cock pulse cum into the lake as I slid my pussy on top of it, wave after wave until it finally died down.
Exhausted but finally relieved of the tension I'd built up the last two days, I lied back and let myself float in the lake for a moment.
"Tim, that was incredible," I told him, floating on my back, not caring about being naked anymore.
I looked up to see Tim nodding his head.
"Laura, I'm speechless," he told me. "That. That was incredible."
We were quiet for a bit, relaxing, letting the water flow over our bodies as we swam next to each other.
"Want to find out what the others are up to?" He asked.
"Yeah," I laughed. "We should probably do that.
We swam back over to where the other were and found Ashley, Alex, John and James all swimming quietly about.
"Welcome back!" Ashley greeted us. "We were thinking of leaving without you!"
"Yeah, guys let's head back, the water's starting to get kind of chilly!" James said.
"Same, my teeth are st-starting to ch-ch-chatter," John agreed.
We stepped out of the water and hurried to our towels, the colder night time air felt freezing over our wet bodies. It seemed no one cared about being naked right now, everyone just wanted to get warm. While drying off I peeked over at the boys again, noticing none of them were hard anymore. We all threw our clothes back on quickly and started off back to the campsite.
"Hey," I whispered to Ashley, pulling her back behind the rest of the group. "What happened back there with you and the boys?"
"I was going to ask you the same thing about Tim," she said slyly. "I'll tell you tomorrow though!" she added excitedly.
"Awesome, I can't wait!" I told her.
We got back to camp and everyone quickly said their goodnights and ran off to their tents to change into dry clothes and get warm in their sleeping bags.
I pulled Tim aside right before he got to his tent, and kissed him.
"Have a good night, Tim!" I told him.
"You too, Laura," he replied, looking deep into my eyes, smiling. "Sweet dreams, go get warm!"
"I will!" I said. "See you tomorrow!"
Tim entered his tent and zipped it up, and I went back into mine. Just before zipping up all the way, I peeked out to Alex's tent, hoping I could catch him changing, but this time he had his tent zipped up all the way.
"That's probably for the best at this point," I told myself, laughing as I changed into my pajamas, curled up in my sleeping bag, and fell asleep.