[Part 4]
Elfman tests fate. Andrea is thrilled.
Edited by A_Little_Show's spouse
Please start with Parts 1,2, and 3.
Summary so far: Andrea is a witch. She casts her spells by wiggly her clitoris instead of her nose. She's an unrepentant exhibitionist with a particular kink for masturbating in front of crowds. Elfman is her new source of vicarious thrill. He seems poised to provide endless entertainment for her.
Warning: Part 4 container scenes of mild humiliation followed by tender after-care.
---------- ~ ----------
"Are you sure you want to test Fate?" Andrea tried to emphasize the seriousness of her question.
"I have to know!" Elfman insisted.
"Tell me what you want to try." Andrea slumped in resignation warring with anticipation of the thrills his incautious attitude might provide.
"So," he explained, "There's one part of my theory we can probably verify."
Andrea waited.
"Here's how we'll do it. We'll pick some tweak to the universe that is reasonably implausible. Then, just as you pick it, I'll do something to make it impossible. I'll do something you can't anticipate. If you're still able to make the tweak, it disproves my theory. By making it implausible, we'll have confidence that if it happens in spite of everything, it wasn't just coincidence."
"What if I'm not horny, or for some reason my orgasm-o-meter is on empty? Maybe your suddenly impossible future just didn't happen because I had an off day?"
"Good point! What can we do to make sure you don't have an off day? How can we as certain as possible that you'll cum HARD."
"Now you're talking! Let me give it some thought."
---------- ~ ----------
Elfman looked pale. It was not a good complexion for him. Andrea shook her head in unconscious reflection of her own gnawing doubts. "This is your last chance to back out."
"We should do it - if this is what it takes." He didn't make any moves though.
"There's always the possibility it doesn't work no matter how high you dial my arousal. Can you live with the consequences?"
"Don't talk me out of it. I must know. This is for science!"
"Well, if it's for science, we'll have to go through with it." She pulled open the door and pushed him through.
The inside of the women's locker room was painted pink and had cushioned benches in front of small desks with makeup mirrors. "This place is a lot fancier than the men's", Elfman observed aloud.
"Quit stalling." Andreas dragged one of the cushioned benches into a corner with a view encompassing most of the room. "Strip off and lay down on the bench in the middle."
Elfman's hands trembled as he unbuttoned his shirt. Too late to be shy or modest, he nevertheless turned his back to Andrea as he slipped off his briefs. Andrea's face didn't conceal how much she loved it. The more he squirmed, the hotter she got. As a bonus, she watched his balls dangle when he bent over.
Andrea checked her phone. There were still a few more minutes before the women's intramural volleyball practice would finish in the nearby gym. "You better fluff up to make it good." Andrea smirked.
"Fluff up?"
"Yah. rev your engine. Get that cute little wiener of yours as big as you can."
"You said you wouldn't tease me about that. You know I'm insecure about it."
"I'm sorry," Andrea said, and she meant it.
Elfman was already panting. "You're sure all this is necessary?"
"You don't want to take any chances that I don't cum. Think of the scandal! This is the best way to crank up my arousal that I could think of on short notice."
"Do you want me to go to jail?"
"It won't come to that," Andrea assured demonstrating more confidence than she really felt. "So, remind me, what are you going to make impossible right as I make them not notice you masturbating? I mean - it's a tall order. It's pretty implausible."
"You know I can't tell you in advance. It's nothing compared to making hundreds of people forget your masturbation festival and somehow end up with no recorded evidence."
"Sure, but that was a huge orgasm. It was one of my most powerful. What if you don't get me hot enough this time?"
"I'm doing the best I can," Elfman grimaced. His penis began to deflate.
"Buck up buddy. Don't give up now. Stroke yourself some more. I was enjoying the view."
"Maybe you're right. I shouldn't test fate."
"I took the chance at the lawn party without any certainty of success. Don't worry. This won't be nearly as hard." She looked at his hard penis. "If things go too badly, I'll make it right."
"If you're sure."
"I am," she lied.
---------- ~ ----------
In an adolescent fantasy come true, Elfman watched a dozen athletic women in tiny spandex shorts begin to shuffle in. They were engrossed in their own conversations and hadn't noticed him yet with or without Andrea's magic. The timing seemed perfect.
He glanced to Andrea. She was naked reclined into a corner for support. Her legs were spread and she teased herself by stroking her inner thighs in-between dipping fingers into her honey and spreading it around. She looked pleased with herself. Andrea waved one hand in the prearranged signal that she was close.
Elfman watched intently to see the exact moment when she would cum. As he judged the time right, he jumped up and yelled "FIRE, FIRE! Hurry get out!" He actually performed jumping jacks with his stiff dick flopping every which way.
The amusement added to the excitement of seeing her plan unfold, and Andrea's body jerked with only a soft touch to her clitoris. "Damn. This is going to be hot," she whispered to herself.
"Oh, little boy. I think you're in the wrong changing room," one of the athletes said in a baby voice.
"He's so cute though," another observed.
"What the fuck!" Elfman shouted toward Andrea.
"I took a few liberties," she shrugged and delivered the Cheshire Cat smile.
"Don't stop widdle boy. You can keep playing with your ding-a-ling. We understand."
The women encircled Elfman making retreat less likely.
"Keep going, or we'll hand you over to the big boys and see what happens." The threat was venomous.
Elfman's penis had shrunk in the moment of Andrea's plan was revealed.
"Aww. He needs his baby sitter to dress him."
"No, little boys can't get dressed unless they obey. I said to ring your ding-a-ling. What are you waiting for?"
Andrea still simmered from her orgasms moments prior, and the look of horror on Elfman's face rang her bell even if it made his floppy. She watched him experience embarrassment - humiliation - fear. It was an exhibitionist's worse nightmare, the wrong kind of attention. It was her greatest fear being lived right before her eyes.
One of the women flicked his soft penis with her finger.
"Baby is disappointing us. Let's call security."
"No, give it a minute. I think this is turning him on."
"Is little baby ready to do what he's told?"
Elfman's penis was hardening. Andrea could glimpse it through a gap between the athletes. "Oh yes. Oh yes. Make little elf-man play for you," Andrea subvocalized. As the orgasm slammed into her almost without warning, she only belatedly remembered her promised pity.
To Andrea's horror, the women started collapsing. First one at a time and then in groups as they scrambled in panic. Elfman's head lolled, and his dick turned plum purple right before her eyes. Actually, his lips were purple too. The women were turning purple. "Oh no! Oh no!" Andrea tripped as she tried to get to them. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Please. Please." Tears streamed down Andrea's face.
They were alive. She was sure. They all took frantic shallow rasping breaths. Andrea tried to drag one of the women to the door, but the woman was heavy dead weight, and Andrea felt light headed herself. She barely stumbled naked into the corridor. "Help!" she screamed. "Somebody help!". A pair of men exited the men's room, to find Andrea pushing herself along a wall she used for support. One - more - step, and the alarm sounded. She'd pulled the fire alarm, and now, it was out of her hands. She sank to the floor in a heap but never quite lost consciousness.
---------- ~ ----------
Firemen with full respirators carried the women out one by one and leaned them agains a wall where a mix of firemen, gym staff, and the two men from earlier held oxygen masks against each woman's face. Andrea shook her head to get out from under the oxygen mask pressed against her own face and found herself partially covered by a fireman's fire proof jacket.
"Please, please," she begged Fate out loud.
A firemen emerged with Elfman's lanky naked body thrown over a shoulder. Elfman's derriere was still cute as ever. As the firemen worked on Elfman giving him oxygen and checking his vital signs, one of the gym staff crouched beside Andrea. "What happened?" the official wanted to know.
"I - I, I saw everybody start to collapse. I screamed in panic. That man," she pointed to Elfman, "Came running. I pulled him into the locker room pleading for him to help. He picked up one of the women and pushed me ahead. He told me to get help. So - so - came back out and screamed and screamed for help - and - and - I think I pulled the alarm, - and then... he must have collapsed too!"
"There - there", the official soothed and pressed a mask back in Andrea's face. Someone talked to the men who came when Andrea screamed. They more or less corroborated her story."
"Looks like we have a hero here," One of the firemen announced for all to hear.
Andrea shrugged off the jacket to give the handsome firemen a good look at her naked body. The official covered her back up.
While Elfman refused transportation to the hospital, one of the firemen brought Andrea's clothes out from the corner where she had left them. She took her time getting dressed as a couple of firemen held their jackets in front of her for modesty. She was sure they peeked themselves though. A Firemen brought Elfman's clothes out, too. Andrea extemporized, "He was holding them when I pushed him in." Elfman slowly dressed himself, but curiously, nobody made any attempt to shield him from view of about 40 people crammed into the hallway by then. To be fair, Firemen were trying to get bystanders out as one shouted, "The danger is not over folks!"
Later, Elfman complained, "You completely ruined the experiment." Andrea combed his wet hair. She had insisted he come to her room so she could keep an eye on him. Once there, she made him take a shower. When he eventually lay on her bed in exhaustion, she cuddled beside him.
---------- ~ ----------
Neither Elfman nor the athletes had any memory of the events leading to the carbon monoxide leak that overcame them all. At breakfast the next day, Andrea slapped a special edition of the school paper onto the table in front of Elfman.
Headline: "Near Tragedy Shocks Campus" The article explained, according to sources, "A heater in the basement below the women's locker room was years overdue for maintenance." A second article below the fold contained a large photo of Elfman collapsed in the hallway with firemen attending him. The paper placed a small black bar over his genitals, but a bit of his balls remained visible at close inspection. "Hero student saves lives!"
Elfman ate silently with his head hanging.
"Oh, I wonder how many of the newspaper staff saw the digital photo before they censored it? Oh, and how many photos did they take of your," Andrea was about to say "little" but instead said "heroic penis?"
Elfman groaned.
"I know some of the girls at the paper. Maybe they'll tell me. Maybe they'll even show me the pictures of my hero?" Andrea's eyes sparkled. "Even better! I know John. John is flamboyantly gay, and you're just his type. I bet he has copies on his computer already."
Elfman groaned. "Please fix this."
"Sorry. The past is the past. You knew how it worked. I told you that I sometimes don't like the explanations Fate provides. There's nothing I can do now." Andrea grinned.
Elfman could probably have guessed there was nothing Andrea wanted to fix. He knew her well enough to recognize the near perfect fulfillment of her fantasy for vicarious titillation. "Tell me again what happened before I passed out, but keep your voice down this time, please."
Andrea promised herself to reward Elfman somehow, and then she told him again. She relished every detail.