When I exited the bathroom, the lights in the hotel room were out and so was Bushra. I tip toed across the room and climbed into the bed as gingerly as possible. She rolled over until her warm, naked body was against mine, moaned, and threw her arm over my chest. Before I knew it, I was in dreamland.
*****
When I opened my eyes it was fifteen minutes past midnight. A thought raced through my head.Mmmmmmm, I wonder...My movement in the bed shook her from her sleep.
She squinted her eyes. "What...what are you doing?"
"I'm hungry," I said as I picked up the phone. "I worked up quite an appetite with all this fucking. I'm ordering some pizza. Want some pizza?"
She rubbed her eyes. "Mmmmmm, sure, I guess. I have worked up an appetite as well," she giggled. She fell into me and ran her hands across my chest while I ordered the pizza. They said they would be here in 30-45 minutes and I hung up. "I am feeling very aroused," she whispered in my ear. "Would you like to make love again?"
I sniggered. "'Make love'? You mean fuck again?"
She nodded. "Yes, that. Fuck again," she said in her broken Indian accent.
"Mmmmmm, as inviting as that sounds, let's hold off on that a bit."
"Hold off?" she said with disappointment in her voice. "Maybe you would like more deep throat?"
Hell yeah I would!"How does that satisfy your arousal?"
"Hmmmmm, this is true."
"You know what I'd like?"
She perked up. "What?! What would you like?! Tell me!"
"I'd like to see you in that chair over there fingering yourself until you cum."
"(gasp!) Really?! You would like to see me pleasure myself while you watch?" I nodded. She thought about it. "Well, if this is what you desire..." She climbed off the bed, walked to the chair in the corner of the room, and sat down. A wicked look crossed her face. She lifted her legs onto the ottoman in front of the chair and spread them wide. I could've seen her soul if I looked hard enough. Her pink lips were swollen and wet. She gasped at the first touch of her hand, then began to gently pet herself. "This is what you want to see? You want to watch me pleasure myself? Hmmmm? You do not want to insert your big penis into my vagina?"
Now I was stroking myself under the covers. "You mean wreck your tight little cunt with my fat cock?"
She nodded and grinned. "MmmmmHmmmm."
"I want to hear you say it."
"Mmmmmm. Do you want to...wreck...my tight little cunt with...with your big, fat cock?" She gasped when she slipped a finger through her slit.
"I will later. Trust me. But right now I want to watch you finger yourself until you cum."
"Mmmmmm. You are very aroused, are you not?"
"I am."
"Let me see. I...I want to see your big peni...cock. I want to see your big cock." She gasped when I threw back the covers. She stabbed herself with two fingers. "It is so big! I...I love how it feels when it is inside mmmmme." She was pumping harder and rubbing her kernel.
"You like it when I fuck your tight little pussy hard, huh?"
"Mmmmmm, I do."
"You love sucking on big, fat cocks, don't you?"
"Mmmmmm, I do." Her eyes were closed.
"And having their balls slap on your chin when you swallow their cock."
"Yes. Yes I...I do."
"You're such a fucking slut, Bushra."
"I am. I a-a-a-a-am a fu...fu...fucking slut. MmmmmHmmmm."
"You love cock, don't you, Bushra? You're nothing but a cock loving whore, aren't you?"
"Yes! Yes, it is true! I...I am nothing but a...a...a cock...cock loving...whore!"
"You wish I were fucking you right now, don't you? I could fuck your tight little cunt...your throat...you'd even let me fuck your ass right now, wouldn't you?"
"Yes! Yes! Anywhere! I want your...your cock...inside me! Ah!" She was completely unaware I had left the bed. She squawked and her eyes flew open when I lifted her legs and slipped between them. "OH! Aaiiiiyyyyeeee!" she howled when my face dove between her legs.
Her hands went to the back of my head. She squirmed in the seat as my tongue lapped at her vibrating nob. She barked when I gaped her gash with two beefy fingers. She felt two locomotives chugging up her thighs. I sucked her bean between my lips and swatted it with my tongue. It felt like a tuning fork quivering. Her muscles began to spasm around my fingers. Her hips bucked into my face.
Her back arched. "Ohmagawd! Yes! Yes! Oh my goodness, yes! That...that is it! Yes! Yes! Yaaaaasssssss!" she howled as her lithe body lifted off the chair and her head turned side-to-side, her eyes closed the entire time. Her hands pressed me tighter into her snatch.
She finally settled back into the chair. She placed her palms on top of my head and pushed. "Stop. Stop. Stop!" she giggled until I withdrew.
Without wiping my face, I rose up and planted my lips against hers. Her arms wrapped around my neck and pulled me close. Our tongues danced in each other's mouths while I mauled her perky breasts.
I finally broke off the kiss and stepped back. We looked at each other with crooked grins. I swiped my forearm across my face while she ran her fingers across her chin.
"That...that was amazing!" she panted.
"You liked that, huh?' I asked smiling as I sat down on the bed.
"Oh my goodness yes!"
We sat in silence for a moment before I mentioned what I had planned.
"Okay, so the pizza should be here any minute. Here's what I want you to do. When he knocks on the door..." I proceeded to explain to her what I wanted. Her eyebrows slowly raised higher and higher as I went on. "So, how 'bout it?"
"Are...are you sure?"
"Oh yeah! It'll be great!"
"It sounds very naughty," she giggled.
"Oh, it's naughty as fuck. That poor bastard won't know what hit him!" We both laughed at the thought. "And I'll record the whole thing. It'll probably go viral!"
"(gasp!) Viral?! I do not think I want people seeing me in this way."
"Oh, come on. It'll be fine. Hell, they show worse than this on TV."
She thought about it. "This is true. Yes, I will do it!"
Right on cue, there was a knock at the door. "Who is it?" I called from bed.
"Pizza delivery!"
Bushra looked at me. "Are you sure about this?"
"This is gonna be great!"
I held up my phone and began to record. Bushra held up the towel she had worn out of the bathroom a few hours ago and draped it across her chest, holding one corner with her hand while pressing the top against her body with her forearm just above her breasts, leaving her backside fully exposed. It hung down just above her knees. She strolled to the door.
Even from where I sat, I could see the delivery boys eyes bat when this vision opened the door.
"Uh, um, pizza," he stammered.
"Oh good!" she said with joy. "Mark paid you on the phone when he ordered, yes?"
"Uh, yeah, I guess."
"Did he include the tip?"
"Uh, well, uh, no, not really."
"Oh! We cannot have you come all this way and not get a tip! Come in, come in. Let me get something from my purse." His jaw dropped and his eyes flew open when she turned, exposing her bare back, luscious ass, and long, toned legs to him. She looked over her shoulder and fought back a giggle. "Come in, come in!"
In walked a freckle-faced, redheaded young man and spotted me in the bed. "Oh, uh, hey."
"Hey! You brought the pizza. Right on time. Sweet! Make sure you give him a good tip." I replied, recording the whole time.
"Yes, yes, of course. Here, put the pizza here," she said, tapping the dresser the TV was sitting on.
Bushra bent at the waist to pick up her shorts off the floor, giving him an eyeful, then spun around to face him. She struggled to hold her towel, hold her shorts, and reach into the tight pockets to wrestle her money out all at the same time.
The towel and pizza boy's jaw hit the floor in unison. Bushra feigned shock. I fought back a laugh. Instead of covering up, Bushra held her arms open wide for a count of ten, until she finally covered herself as best as she could, but not trying too hard. She, too, was trying not to laugh at the young man's reaction.
"Oh my goodness!" Bushra yiped. "I am so sorry! How embarrassing!"
"No, uh, it, uh, it's, uh, uh, fine. It's, um, okay," he muttered.
"Jesus, Bushra," I said in mock anger. "Dude, what's your name?"
"Uh, uh, um, Tommy."
"Jesus, Bushra, you've embarrassed Tommy. Jesus."
"I know! I am so, so sorry!"
"No! It's okay. It's fine. Really."
Bushra bent down and retrieved the towel, covering herself back up. Then she truly gasped.
"I...I do not have any money to give Tommy for a tip! I have not cashed in my ticket yet!"
I shrugged my shoulders. "Well, don't look at me. Those fucking machines ate all my damn money."
She looked at Tommy pathetically. "I...I...I am so sorry!"
"No. It's okay. It's fine."
I shook my head. "No, no it's not. Tell you what. Grab her tits. Go ahead, she's got great tits. Go ahead, grab 'em."
"Seriously?" Tommy asked.
"Sure. Bushra loves to have her tits played with, don't you, Bushra?"
"Well, I, uh..."
"Go ahead, dude." Bushra hesitantly exposed her chest and Tommy slowly reached out until his hands were full of dark breast meat, causing Bushra to lightly gasp. "They're great, aren't they?"
Tommy began to gently grope them. "They're fucking awesome," he moaned.
"See? He loves your tits!"
She wasn't sure how to respond to this strangers groping. "Yes. Uh, thank you?".
"Don't forget to tweak her nipples. She loves that." She squeaked when he pinched an erect nipple. "Drives her crazy. Doesn't it, Bushra?"
"Y-y-yes. They...they...(gasp)...they are very sensitive."
"Go ahead, suck on one. She loves that."
Bushra's eyes closed and her head tilted back when Tommy latched on to a teat. "Oh my God," she moaned softly.
"Tommy, tell you what. You want a blow job? Do you want this lovely lady to give you a blow job?"
Two heads snapped in my direction.
"Wait...what?!" Bushra asked in shock.
Tommy was equally shocked. "Uh, what?"
"Do you like blow jobs, Tommy? I asked.
"Well, uh, yeah, sure. Blow jobs are good, yeah."Like you've ever had a blow job!
"Come over here, have a seat," I told him, pointing at the end of the bed. "Go ahead, Bushra, give the man his tip. He's earned it."
Tommy hypnotically crossed in front of a stunned Bushra and slowly sat on the bed.
Bushra was in disbelief. "Mark...are you...are you serious?"
I watched her face through the phone. "Absolutely!"
"You...you want me to orally please this man?"
"Yeah! I want you to suck his cock. Yeah, exactly."
"But...I..."
"You just told me you were a cock loving whore, did you not?"
"Well...yes. But..."
"No but. This dude's got a fuckin' hard on. You've got a hard on, right, Tommy?" He nodded his head. "See? He's got a stiff cock. You and your naked, sexy-ass body gave this poor man a hard on. You love cock. Show the man your deep throat skills."
"Are you sure? You...you would be okay with this?"
"Fuck yeah!"
She looked at Tommy. "And you would be okay if I gave you deep throat?"
"Uh, well, yeah."
She paused before dropping her towel again and stepping forward. Her demeanor changed once she accepted the fact she was about to take this young man's pole down her throat. She looked down at him with those smokey, fuck-me eyes. They stared into each other's faces as she fell to her knees in front of him. Tommy's heart stopped beating for a moment when she placed her hands in his groin. The room filled with the sound of a zipper.
She smiled up at him. "I can see you have a rather stiff penis by the bulge in your pants." He lifted off the bed when she tugged at the waistband of his pants and underwear. She pulled them down. And down. And down. "Oh my goodness!" she squealed when he jumped out at her like a Jack In The Box. Tommy moaned when she wrapped her long fingers around his already throbbing post. "You are not as large as Mark, but you have a very nice penis."
"Uh, thanks."
"Uh, just for future reference, Bushra, no man wants to hear how he compares to another man unless he's bigger."
"Oh! Yes. Of course." She looked up at Tommy while she slowly stroked him. "I am sorry. You have a very nice penis."
"Uh, yeah, thanks."
"Would you like for me to orally please your penis, Tommy?"
"Come on, Bushra. Jesus. We've talked about this."
"Oh! Yes. I am sorry." She looked into his eyes with a sultry look. "Tommy, would you like for me to, uh, to deep throat your cock? Would you like for me to take your big cock down my throat?"
"Uh, yeah, sure. That'd be awesome. Ack!" he croaked when she took him into her mouth. He put his arms behind him on the bed and leaned back onto them, allowing his head to fall back. I could see his eyes were closed. "Ohhhhhhmagawd," he quietly moaned as her head bounced in his lap.
"She's good, isn't she?"
"Ohhhhhhmagawd." His body jumped when her face fully planted itself in his groin. "Oh fuck!"
"She's a professional sword swallower, man, I'm fuckin' tellin' ya. "
"Oh fuuuuuuuuck."
It wasn't long before he was throbbing in her throat. She knew exactly what was coming. She began to suck him hard and fast. His heart began to race. It was getting harder and harder to take a breath. His body tensed.
"Oh God! I'm gonna...I'm gonna...I'm gonna do it! Oh God! Oh God! Here it comes! Here it comes! Oh gggggaaaaahhhhhhkkkkk!"
His vein thumped inside her throat. She couldn't believe the volume he was unleashing.My goodness! So much stuff!She swallowed as hard and as fast as she could but her mouth quickly overflowed. Streaks of milky white streaked down her chin and fell onto her fleshy mounds. His hips bucked several times during the event, snapping her head back. To her credit, she was able to keep him contained.
When the throbbing finally ceased, she released him from her suction and he fell back onto the bed.
"That did not take long. You did not last very long," she said as she wiped a finger across her chin and tucked its contents between her lips.
"Yeah. Uh, sorry," he panted. His shiny, twitching pole was pointing straight up to the sky.
"Jesus, look at that. Still hard as a rock. Ah, to be young again," I sighed.
"Yes! That is quite impressive," Bushra stated. Tommy shivered when she reached out and gripped his stiff pole.
"Uh, thanks?"
"Well, damn, we can't let him leave like that." I patted the bed. "C'mon up here so Bushra can give you a proper fuck." Once again, two sets up eyes focused on me and my phone.
"Seriously?"
"Wait...what?! Now you want me to have intercourse with him?"
"Yeah, why not? I'll bet your slutty cunt is just begging for cock right now."
"Well...that might be true. I am quite aroused right now. But, what about you? Are you not aroused?"
"Oh hell yeah, I'm very aroused!"
"Well then, why do we not make love instead of having me make love with this stranger? I very much desire your big penis to satisfy my arousal."
"Ha! You're such a slut! First of all, there ain't no love making goin' on here. Just pure fucking. Secondly, don't worry about me, I'll be satisfied soon enough. Lastly, you just had this man's cock in your throat and you swallowed his fucking load. Now you've got an issue with fucking him? Please."
"Yes...well, when you it put it that way..."
"And it's a fucking cock, goddammit!"
"Yes, of course. I am sorry." She paused. "So, you would not mind if I made love with Tommy?"
"I might mind if you 'made love to him'. But you're about to fuck. So, no, I don't mind."
She focused on Tommy. "So, Tommy, you would not mind if we made...if we fucked right now?"
"Uh, no, I guess not."
"You guess not?! Seriously?!" I barked.
He recoiled. "No no! I mean, yes. I mean, no, I wouldn't mind!"
Bushra clapped her hands. "Oh good! I cannot wait to have your big peni...cock in my aroused vagina!"
I rubbed my forehead. "Bushra, you kinda kill the mood when you call it a 'vagina'. Guys would much rather hear pussy, cunt, whatever. Anything but 'vagina'."
"Oh! Yes!" She stood up at the end of the bed. Her facial expression changed. She massaged her breasts and ran her hand over her shaved slit. "Tommy, would you like to...fuck my...my pussy with your great big...cock?"
I can't believe this is happening! The guys won't believe it!"Uh, yeah, absolutely. I would love to, you know, uh, fuck your, you know, pussy!"
I leaned my phone against the lamp on the night stand and started to climb out of the bed. "She's got a tight little cunt, too. You're in for a helluva ride, kid!"
"Where are you going?" Bushra asked as she climbed onto the bed.
"I'll be right back," I said as I walked away. "You can start without me."
By now she was hovering over his waist wearing a devilish expression and nothing else, while Tommy looked like he was about to have a stroke. He grunted when she gripped his handle.
"I cannot wait to have your big cock inside of my tight little pussy," she purred.
"M-m-me neither," he stuttered.
"Try to last longer than you did with my deep throat, okay?"
"I...I...(gulp) I'll do my best."
They squeaked in unison when his swollen tip split her folds. Moans echoed off the thin hotel walls while she slid down his staff until she landed in his lap.
"Oh wow! You...you really do have a...a...tight pussy! It's squeezing me so hard!"
"Mmmmm, that is because you have such a big, manly cock," she cooed. The truth was, he was half my size. But her pussy was so hungry for something stiff, anything would do. She leaned over him, braced herself with her arms and began to raise and lower her hips. "Mmmmm, you feel so good inside of me, Tommy! Mmmmmm, yes, just like that! Oh! Ah!" she squealed when he sucked a nipple into his mouth and began to maul her caramel globes. "Oh, yes! Just like that!" The pair didn't realize I had re-entered the scene until they felt the bed move. Suddenly, Bushra jumped so high Tommy nearly fell out of her. Her head snapped around. "What...what are you doing?!"
"I'm doing you a favor and putting lotion on your ass," I said as I rubbed the hotel body lotion around her puckered hole.
"It is cold! Why are you doing that?!"
"Because I'm going to fuck your ass and I didn't think you'd like me to do it dry," I chuckled.
"You what?!"
"I said I'm going to fuck your sweet little ass." CRACK! YIPE!
"You...you...you are going to...to put your...your penis in my butt?!"
I shook my head. "Nooooooo. I'm going to put mycockin yourassand fuck it."
"You...you are too big! You will tear me apart!"
"Nah. You'd be surprised how big of an object will fit in there. What? Has nobody ever fucked your ass before?"
"No! Of course not! And I have never had two men at the same time before, either!"
"A slut like you?! Ha! Then today's your lucky day, isn't it?"
"What?! OH MY GOD!" she screeched when I slid a finger in knuckle deep.
"See? Nice and slick. You'd better relax, though, or thiswillhurt like a motherfucker. At first, anyway."
"Wait. What?! Relax?! How can you say such a thing?! How can I relax?!"
I climbed onto the bed. "I'm just sayin'."
Bushra shuddered when I touched her rosebud. "Wait! Wait!" she screeched almost in a panic. She started to take deep, heavy breaths and blow them out. I could physically feel her heart slow and her body relax. Her back door twitched then began to open. My bulbous head disappeared. "Gah!" Two inches slid past her sphincter. "Ah!" Four. "Ahhhhh!" Her moan grew more animalistic and low the further I slid in. Until I landed against her. "Oh. My. Fucking. God!" she barked. "Are you...are you all the way in?"
"Balls deep, baby. You swallowed the whole fucking thing. See? I told you."
"You are stretching me so wide! I can feel it! I...I do not believe it! Oh my God!"
"Goddamn, you weren't lying. You do have a virgin ass! It's tight as fuck!"
"Oh...oh my God! I...I can feel both of your cocks...rubbing inside me! Oh my God!" I pulled back and slid forward. "Ohhhhhhhh my God!" Again. "Oh God!"
I gripped her hips and quickly got a nice rhythm going. Each thrust of my hips slid her athletic body on Tommy's inexperienced wood. Her breasts slapped his face while he groped and squeezed them. She was soon pushing back to meet my thrusts. Moans, groans, and cursing filled the room. It took on the smell of a brothel.
Bushra felt two fighter jets flying up her loins ready to unload their cargo in her "V". Tommy and I both felt her body motions change.
"Oh God! She's squeezing me so hard! She...she's going to break me off inside her!" Tommy called out.
"Holy fuck! Her ass is like a vise grip! Fuck!"
"Keep fucking my holes, you fat cocked bastards!" Bushra demanded. "Oh my God, it is incredible! I...I...I am going to cum! Holy shit! Do not stop! Do not stop! Yes, right there, just like that! Please...please do not stop!"
"I...I don't...I don't know how m-m-m-much longer I...I can last! I...I'm gonna do it again!" Tommy announced almost in a panic.
Sweat rolled off my face onto her bouncing ass. "Me, too, kid, me, too! Give it to her! Give it to this bitch! Let her have it!"
"Yes! Yes! Give it to me! I...I want it...all! Oh my fucking God! Yes! Yes! Oh my God yes! That...that is it! Yes! Yes! Yaaaaasssssss!" she screeched when the fighter jets launched their payload. Her body trembled. Her muscles violently spasmed around Tommy and I. She felt like atom bombs were exploding in her tiny body. Every nerve ending was on fire.
Tommy's hand grabbed onto the blanket as if his life depended on it. "Oh God! I'm gonna...I'm gonna...I'm gonna do it again! Oh God! Oh God! Here it comes! Here it comes! Oh gggggaaaaahhhhhhkkkkk!" Bushra felt the same throbbing she had recently felt in her throat. She could feel his warmth shoot into her. The feeling of this stranger dumping his second load into her only made her own orgasm more violent.
My fingers dug into her hips. My thrusts stuttered. "Oh, you slutty fuckin' bitch! Take it! Take it up your fucking ass, you slutty fucking bitch! Oh fuck gah! Grrrrrr cumming! Cumming! Gggguuuuhhhhhh!"
Bushra felt my hot spunk fill her once forbidden cavity. She knew it's taste. She knew how thick and hot it was. Her orgasm went into overdrive.
Her back arched. "Yes! Yes! Yaaaaaaaassss! Oh my God, yes! Give it to me! Give it all to me! It...it feels so...so good! Amazing! Ohmagawd, yes!"
After what felt like a day later, the flailing of the three bodies on the bed finally slowed. I pulled back and rolled over onto my back. A stream of white immediately began to roll down her thighs. Tommy grunted when Bushra fell onto him panting.
"That...that was incredible," she said breathlessly.
"Yeah it was!" Tommy croaked.
I chuckled. "Yeah, that was pretty awesome."
Bushra finally rolled off of Tommy and onto her back. Her eyes were closed. Her chest heaved. "I...I will not be able to walk for a week," she giggled.
Tommy sat up and pulled his phone out of his pocket. "Oh shit! My boss wants to know where I am! Fuck!" He jumped off the bed and frantically tucked himself back into his pants.
"Tell him we told you the wrong hotel. You want me to call him up and tell him how you went the extra mile to satisfy your customer?"
"Uh, well, would you mind?"
"Not at all!" I smiled at him. "So, how was your tip? Pretty good?"
"Are you kidding? Best tip ever!" He paused. "Well, I should go. Uh, thanks for the, uh, you know..."
I winked at him. "No, thank you."
"Yes! Thank you, Tommy!" Bushra said sincerely.
Tommy raced out of the room as I picked up the phone and called his boss, who was very happy and relieved that I had called and assured me Tommy wasn't going to be in trouble. I fell back onto the bed.
"Fuck me. I'm exhausted," I moaned.
"Yes, me, too." Bushra rolled over next to me and threw her arm across my chest.
"So, how was your first DP?"
"DP?"
"You know, double penetration?"
"Double penetration?"
"Jesus. Two men at one time."
"Oh! Amazing! The feeling of two men inside of me at the same time...it was amazing! And when you both reached orgasm inside of me? Oh my goodness! I have never had such a feeling!"
"And the anal?"
"You mean your, uh, cock in my butt?"
"Yeah, that."
"It was quite intense! Once I got over the, you know, initial discomfort...I mean, it was an incredible feeling! It seemed to heighten everything! It was quite an incredible feeling."
"So you enjoyed it? I mean, everything?"
"Oh my goodness, yes! I was quite nervous at first, of course. It was so naughty! But, yes, it was amazing!" She paused. "I will not be able to walk for a few days," she said with a giggle. "You men, you know, fucked me so hard! But, yes, it was amazing!"
The room went dark when I turned off the light and we fell asleep in each other's arms.
You didn't think this was the end of the story did you? Of course it doesn't end there!