"Wake up, sleepy-head!" Aunt Jennifer said, while pulling the bedsheet from my bed, fully exposing my morning wood. Over the last couple of days I had gotten used to being this exposed to her. Nevertheless, it was feeding my horniness to have her look at my hard-on. "Get dressed; Judy will be here in half an hour. We're going shopping!"
"Judy?"
"Judy is my neighbors' daughter. You'll like her. She's about your age I guess."
"Does she know about our... arrangement? I mean, the rules?" I asked
"Well, she hasn't heard it from me. Although I don't think she's the type to be offended."
After breakfast Judy arrived and was introduced to me. I stuck out my hand to greet her but she ignored that by grabbing my shoulders and kissing me on the cheek. Judy was a vibrant and attractive girl with high energy and a happy-go-lucky demeanor. I liked her immediately.
We got into Aunt Jennifer's car and drove to the shopping center, about a 30 minute drive. I volunteered to drive, because I suspected that the ladies would like to plan their shopping spree. It turned out I was right; they were enthusiastically discussing the different stores, the outfits they needed, for sale items... Very stereotypical, but I did not mind. I was happy to tag along and secretly hoped to sneak a peek or two in the fitting rooms.
Judy tried on a short skirt. When she showed it to us, I did not dare to mention the fact that her underwear was peeing out on top. Aunt Jennifer was not so inhibited; "Stripes and dots don't match, dear!" Judy laughed and adjusted the waistband.
Both Judy and Aunt Jennifer were apparently looking for new bikinis and had collected a stack which they handed to me to hold while changing. This was almost too enjoyable for me: two beautiful women were taking turns showing sexy poses and walks that would not look out of place on the catwalk. Aunt Jennifer seemed to use her slightly more rounded features to compete with Judy's younger and very fit body, walking with swinging hips and even squeezing her breasts together.
"You need one with a bigger bottom, or we need to shop for razors too!" said Judy, taking revenge for Aunt Jennifer's tease earlier and she pointed to the tuft of pubic hair sticking out of the top of her bikini bottom. I had seen this before on her over the last few days, and found it sexy on her. I found myself staring and it was clearly too obvious: both ladies were looking at me and laughed. "Little perv." whispered Judy with a smile.
"Don't you need something?" Aunt Jennifer asked me.
"No, I'm not really into wearing bikinis." I answered jokingly, and also remembered that I was supposed to be naked around the pool, so swimwear was not needed.
Judy tried on a summer dress and showed it to us, slowly turning around to show it from all sides. We both confirmed it looked very good on her. Aunt Jennifer walked away for a moment to hang back some of the clothes they tried on. Judy started to walk back to the changing room, and made a fast twirl which swung up the dress showing me that she was not wearing underwear! She quickly threw a smile at me, before disappearing behind the curtain.
We had some lunch together and with several bags of shopping under their arms we went back to the car. I was about to drive the same route back when Aunt Jennifer stopped me: "we're not going home yet, way too early. Go left here."
Following her directions, I finally pulled up at a parking lot for a beach. We got out and Aunt Jennifer handed me some bags to carry from the back of the car. "The beach?" I asked, "I did not bring any swimwear!" I protested as we walked to the beach.
"That's on you, I even asked if you needed anything, and you said no!"
"Don't worry, we'll walk a little farther; there's a clothing-optional section there" Judy offered. We walked on.
She was right, there was a nice, and more or less secluded cove. At the edge there were some trees that provided shade. We picked a spot near the edge and settled. Aunt Jennifer and Judy were changing into their new bikinis under a large beach towel and I stripped down to my boxer shorts. "That has to come off too!" Aunt Jennifer instructed me.
"But the two of you are wearing swimwear!" I protested.
"Yes, swimwear, but you did not bring any, did you, now go on, take it off." I looked around and saw that there weren't a lot of people at the beach. Nearest to us, about ten yards away, a young woman in a bikini was reading a book. A bit farther, a nude couple who I guess were in their thirties were eating some fruit. There were also a few people going for a swim. Nobody was paying attention to us. I also realized that Judy had just flashed her pussy at me in the clothing store. That put my mind a little more at ease and I pulled down my boxers, stepped out of them and laid down on my towel.
After lying in the sun for a while, I felt the need to pee, so I stood up and excused myself: "I have to take a leak." and started to make my way to the trees to find a place to relieve myself.
"It's so cool that guys can pee standing up, I'm so jealous!" Judy remarked while jumping up from her towel. "Wait, can I... I mean I want to know what it's like to aim. Can I hold it?" She looked at me with begging eyes and jumping up and down enthusiastically. There was no way I could deny her.
With Judy in my footsteps I picked a tree that gave some cover from people that might see us from the beach and took position. "No, this way." Judy corrected me by grabbing my shoulders and turning me away from the tree so that I was facing the sand. One arm still on my shoulder, she grabbed my penis in her other hand, pressing her boobs into my back. "Go ahead."
I started to pee and Judy let out an enthusiastic "Yeah!" It took her a few seconds to get the hang of aiming the stream. Then she got creative and wrote her name in the sand in cursive letters. It was an odd experience to pee hands-free. Coincidentally I was finished when Judy ended writing the final letter of her name.
"How do you get the last drops out?" She asked. "Do I just shake it?"
"Then those drops will fly everywhere. I sort of milk them out. With my fingers I squeeze from the base to the end".
I wanted to show her but she stoppen me: "No, let me." she said, making the milking motion. I corrected her motion and told her to start farther back. Suddenly I heard voices coming from deeper among the trees.
"Ssst." With my finger in front of my lips, I motioned Judy to be quiet and pointed to the source of the sound; the nude couple that we saw on the beach had made their way to the trees. They did not seem to have noticed us because they were locked in an embrace. The woman pushed softly away from the man and slowly lowered herself on her knees, revealing that she had been holding the man's erect cock in her hands. She proceeded to put his cock in her mouth. I looked at Judy who was fully focussed on the scene unfolding in front of my eyes. In the meantime she was still making slow milking motions on my penis, which was now rapidly growing hard in her hand.
The blowjob that the woman was giving was a work of art. She went from tracing the entire shaft with her tongue to taking his full length in her mouth, alternating between jerking him off and adding her spit as lubricant. I was not the only one who was impressed by her performance: Judy moaned softly and licked her lips. She had changed her grip on my cock from just her fingers to a full hand grab. I sighed in response.
The man was clearly approaching a climax. He looked like he needed to steady his balance against a tree as he stretched his body standing on his toes pushing his cock deep into her throat. She took it out of her mouth and helped him over the edge with her hands. His first shot went over her head and she adjusted her aim and the next shots landed in and around her mouth. He continued to blast on her face and we saw his semen drip down her chin onto her tits.
Judy was still stroking my cock and I felt that my own orgasm was not too far away. I tapped Judy's hand and I whispered: "I can't cum yet." She stopped stroking but did not let go.
"Why not?"
"I'm not allowed to cum: Aunt Jennifer has set some rules."
"Not sure if I completely understand, but okay, I'll play along. Let's go back."
I now had a bit of a problem: we were going back to the beach, but I was fully erect and if I walked back with my hands covering my hard cock, I would only attract undue attention. Judy seemed to understand: "Just walk close behind me. Noone will notice." I did as she said, but when she grabbed my cock again behind her, I was not sure if it was as inconspicuous as she said.
Back at our beach spot, Aunt Jennifer quickly cracked a smile upon seeing my predicament. I lay down on my stomach and hoped my erection would subside. Judy lay down between Aunt Jennifer and me and whispered a few things that I could not hear. A few moments later, we saw the couple come out from the trees. His semen was still clearly visible on her face and her chest. They walked straight into the water, probably to rinse off.
"Turn around!" Judy suddenly told me.
"What?"
"Turn around, you want to get an even tan don't you?" She said. Still in full state of arousal, I turned around and sat up, pulling up my knees to hide my state from the other beach guests. The young woman near us looked up for a moment, but continued to read her book. "No, not like that, you won't get any sun like that. Stretch your legs." I had just met Judy this morning, and now, only hours later, she was ordering me to expose my hard cock in public. It was both scary and exhilarating.
The woman with her book was no longer reading, but looking over the edge of her book in my direction. Her sunglasses hid her facial expression but it did not look like she was shocked. I'd say she was intrigued. "It looks like you have her attention." Judy said. I broke my gaze to the woman and looked at Judy. "Jennifer explained the rules to me. Don't worry, I won't make you break them."
Judy suddenly jumped up, picked up her phone and walked to the book-lady and talked to her. I could not hear what was being said but I saw Judy pointing in our direction.Book-lady appeared to agree as she stood up and followed Judy back to our spot, grabbing her own phone and sticking it in her bikini-bottoms.
"Get up, she is going to take our picture for us!". Judy said, handing her phone to our photographer.
Aunt Jennifer and I got up and took a position where Book-lady instructed us to stand. I held my hands in front of me trying to hide my engorged state. I was standing in the middle, Aunt Jennifer to my left and Judy to my right. Book-lady took one picture and pointed at me. "Don't be so shy. Put your arms around their shoulders!"
I slowly moved my hands away from my now semi-erect cock and tried to protest: "but..."
"Ah, I see. Perhaps the two ladies can give you some cover."
They turned slightly towards me and each moved a hand in front of me, but instead of merely holding their hands there, Judy grabbed my shaft and Aunt Jennifer cupped my balls. Book-lady took another picture. Judy gave me a light squeeze and moved her hand up and down, revealing more of my rapidly hardening cock to the camera. Click! "Hands up in the air!" I lifted my arms up, and so did the ladies, letting go of my cock, which was now pointing straight up. Click! Click! "Yeah, there's bound to be a good one among them." She said,
We broke from our pose and Judy walked to get her phone back. Book-lady took her own phone from her bikini bottom and quickly took a selfie with me as background. "Not like that!" Judy said "Go ahead, stand a little closer!" She guided Book-lady right in front of me and pushed down on her shoulders to get her on her knees. Click! another selfie, with my cock next to her face.
Book-lady grew a little bolder and used her free hand to hold my cock, now lightly oozing pre-cum. while she took two more selfies.
"That's enough for now!" Judy interrupted when she saw the glistening on my cock. "We don't want you to break the rules now, do we?"
Clearly not understanding what rules Judy was talking about, Book-lady stood up, holding on to my cock for balance before letting go. "Thank you." she said to me and walked back to her own spot on the beach. I noticed her swiping on her phone, probably looking at the photos she had just taken.
Aunt Jennifer walked to the water to cool down, and I followed close behind her, in an attempt to obscure my erection. There were not many people on the beach, but among those that were there, I saw a few do a double take and smile at my state.
The water was cold enough, and we stayed in long enough, to let my hard-on subside. Not too long after getting out and air drying on the beach, we called it a day and left for home.