1
Charlotte's day was not going as she'd hoped. She'd arranged to leave early but something came up last minute and she'd had to sit in on one of those godawful, interminable Zoom meetings for an important client.
She had planned a lovely relaxing massage in the spa before dressing for dinner. Now she'd have to quickly get changed here, in the office, into that scandalous outfit and race all the way across town in rush hour. She was regretting it already and this was only the start. She should have know he'd push his luck.
The office slowly began to empty as her meeting dragged on. Charley, as she was known to her friends, spotted Simon her clerk putting on his coat to leave and asked him to book her a cab.
It was well after 5 by the time the meeting wrapped up and the place was deserted. Stressed and flustered, she was struggling with the clasp on her anklet when the blast of the mini cab's horn sounded from the street below.
She hurriedly pulled on her little trench coat, grabbed her overnight bag and teetered down the stairs on stiletto heels. The tiny black leather mini skirt he'd picked out barely covered her stocking tops. Her ample tits swung freely beneath the sheer fabric of her purple blouse. Although in her haste she hadn't fastened it, her overcoat did help to preserve a modicum of decency.
All the same when Jim, the Corps of Commissionaires doorman, looked up from his crossword at the sound of heels clicking down the final few stone steps his eyes almost popped out of his head. She enjoyed teasing Jim, incorrigible old flirt that he was, but neither ever anticipated him seeing her dressed like this!
Charley tried to style it out and breezily wished poor old Jim a good weekend as she sashayed past on the way out, her nipples proud, the seams of her stockings reaching mid thigh before finally disappearing beneath the hem of her coat. Jim didn't manage to say anything merely nodding, open mouthed, as he buzzed her out of the front door.
2
It was dark and drizzling as Charley clambered into the back of the immaculate white Prius. She resigned herself to the fact that it would be impossible to do so modestly. The driver, a young Asian lad, really couldn't have helped seeing right up her tiny skirt as she clambered into his car.
"Wood Hall Love yeah?" he asked cheerily
"Yes Please," she flustered as she tugged at her Mac and clamped her knees tight together trying to regain some composure.
The driver's ID hung from the rear view mirror. Sahir Khan, the grainy photo on the badge didn't do him justice. He was early twenties, thick black quiff shaved at the sides and a neatly manicured beard. Slightly let down, Charley thought, by his leisure wear look. If she ran a cab company, she mused, all her drivers would be neatly suited and booted.
Before they'd even left the city centre, the ever chatty Charley had ascertained that Sahir was an engineering student working for his Uncles cab firm at weekends. He played Cricket for the county and hoped to one day run his own custom fabrication company.Their pleasant small talk was rudely interrupted by the loud ping of a text alert from Charlote's phone.
"Excuse me, I'll just get this" she said politely as she fumbled for it in her bag.
How's it going?
In the cab, finally! 30/40 mins, (wink)
Are you dressed...appropriately?
(cross face) Poor Jim must have thought I was moonlighting as an escort!
Good, let me see
Charley switched her phone to silent and discreetly took a photo of her lap, the decorative, lacey welt of her stocking tops just visible.
She sent the photo with a grinning devil emoji
I'm sure the driver got quite an eyeful as I got in! (giggle) he's quite cute though (wink)
A few minutes later, Charley was scrolling absentmindedly through her news app when the text alert pinged again.
Open your knees
Her stomach flipped. She noticed the time. After 6, she'd have to do it.
The plan was to be in a nice quiet corner of the hotel by now. Dam that stupid meeting.
She let her knees part knowing that, in this skirt, the driver would see right up her skirt to her entirely inadequate thong.
Sahir inquired about her plans for the weekend, glancing back in the rear view mirror as she explained about her spa weekend...with a friend.
The phone screen lit up with a new message
Show me
She snapped another pic and sent it.
Wider
Charley cursed to herself but, crossing her feet at the ankles, spread her knees as wide as her skirt would allow and send another picture.
Sahir had been observing his passenger with regular, furtive glances in his rear view mirror. She wasn't at all the sort of fare he expected to pick up at a fancy law firm. Twice his age perhaps but undeniably attractive and, though he couldn't quite believe it, she was obviously teasing him.
Feigning a check of the traffic in the inside lane, he glanced as casually as he could over his left shoulder. Proper stockings and suspenders. He'd never seen any in real life but she was showing him, and if she wanted him to see, he was more than happy to oblige.
As they approached the outskirts of the city, the Friday night exodus slowed traffic to a crawl. While stopped at traffic lights, Sahir reached up with left hand and angled the rear view mirror to see up her skirt. As he did so, their eyes met knowingly. Charley shuffled her skirt a little higher up her thighs and lifting her right foot, rested it on the centre tunnel.
"Traffic's bad this evening" she remarked casually.
Her tiny black lace thong had pulled slightly to one side exposing one of her pussy lips.
Can he see?
Yes, he's looking now.
Sahir reached into his track bottoms to adjust his swollen cock.
Road works around Roundhay park slowed their progress further.
Show him your tits
Charley felt strangely uninhibited. It wasn't her choice to display herself to the young stranger, she had no choice. She would never renege on a promise, to him or anyone else for that matter.
The simple white card he had received in the post read;
I.O.U. 48 hours of yes valid from 6pm Friday
Love Charley xx
She untied the belt of her trench coat and peeled it open to reveal her breasts nestling in their cupless bra. Her excited nipples pressed against the see through material of her top.
Show me what you're showing him
She reversed the camera and sent the salacious selfie.
Play with your nipples
The cab picked up some speed again heading out past the suburbs. Gazing out, unseeing, as the rain streaked against the window and hedgerows whizzed by, she allowed her right index finger to casually circle her left nipple.
He knew exactly the effect nipple play would have on her, she would quickly reach the point of no return and crave release.
3
Sahir had figured out by now that she was responding to someone else's instructions. He was clearly the third party in their erotic game. Not that he minded, it was the hottest thing he'd ever seen. He looked back again, seeing her start to squirm in the seat, her head pressed back against the headrest.
Charley's phone rang, it was him.
"Put me on speaker phone"
Fighting the urge to think before acting, she turned the volume up and leant forward holding her phone between the front seats.
"Driver?"
"Yes sir?"
"A58?"
"Yes Sir, just passed Bardsey"
"I'd like you to do me a favour if you'd be so kind?"
"Absolutely Sir, it would be my pleasure"
"The woman in the back of your cab is my slut. She's going to cum for us and I'd like you to Face Time it for me. "
"Certainly Sir"
" There is a lay by on the left, past Collingham just before Wetherby, call me back when you pull in."
The phone rang off and Charlotte sat back, her thoughts a maelstrom of embarrassment, near panic but at the same time, undeniably, thrilling sexual excitement.
They continued the next few miles in an awkward silence, the chatter from Sahir's dispatch radio the only occasional break in the tension.
Her stomach tightened into anxious knots as she heard the rhythmic click of the cab's indicator. The car slowed, veered left into the lay by and pulled up opposite a five barred gate into a farmer's field.
Sahir switched the car off, returned his hands to the wheel, looking out apprehensively but expectanly through the rain streaked windscreen into the dark empty lay by.
Charlotte too sat for a second gathering herself. Closing her eyes, she took a slow, deep, cleansing breath in through her nose and resolved to follow through with the outrageous adventure.
She removed her coat, folding it neatly across her bag behind the driver's seat. Shuffling a little gracelessly across onto the middle section of the rear seat, she positioned one foot either side of the central tunnel her knees now demurely closed.
She reached up, switched on the rear interior light, then leaned forward proffering her phone to Sahir. He turned in his seat but before accepting asked,
"Are you sure you're ok with this? I wouldn't want to..."
"No, I'm good" she smiled, reassuring herself as much as him. Wasn't it just this sort of crazy, reckless abandon, this break with her hum drum, her sensible, responsible real life that she'd secretly hoped this weekend might provoke? This particular scenario was perhaps toward the extreme end of her expectations. She might well have been physically ill at the prospect had it been put to her in the cold light of day. Here, now though, she was good, excited even.
The people in the cars zooming past on the road just above had no direct view down into the dark rest area. They were no doubt hurrying to their weekends, oblivious to the outlandish turn hers had taken. She knew too, from teenage experience, that with the car switched off, the windows would soon mist up and become comfortingly opaque. She felt surprisingly safe, it emboldened her.
The young driver was a practically perfect protagonist. She couldn't have picked better. Attractive and intelligent, respectful and non threatening but clearly aroused and keen to play his part. She would play the game, play it and enjoy it.
She nodded again and Sahir took the phone.
"He's saved as Master" she confessed a touch bashfully.
Sahir found the contact and hit the green button.
4
An immaculately dark suited man appeared on the screen. He sat in a wing back chair, his phone angled so as to crop out his face.
"We're here Sir"
"Excellent, let's proceed then, shall we? he said matter-of-factly, "Turn the camera towards Charlotte please"
She looked defiantly back into the lens, her steely countenance almost daring him to do his worst.
"Tell her to take her knickers off"
Sahir obediently but somewhat meekly relayed the instruction
"He says you should..."
Charlotte interrupted firmly, "I heard what he said. He wants you to command me."
She spoke with the assurance of someone who, although seemingly having surrendered authority, knew the power being exercised over her was ultimately within her gift. This control was merely on loan.
The sharp prompt made immediately clear to Sahir the role he was expected to play. He cleared his throat and looked her straight in the eye.
"Take your knickers off Charlotte"
The new found mastery in his voice, and the fact that he'd used her name, gave her an unexpected, electric shiver of excitement. He was good at this.
Lifting her backside, she pulled her skirt up over her hips, hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her thong, slowly slid them over her suspender straps and down her long, shapely legs. Untangling the tiny garment from her heels before handing it to her new, surrogate master.
Sahir could feel that the crotch was soaked through.
"She's at your bidding" suggested the disembodied voice.
Charlotte raised her eyebrows as if to say "Well?"
Sahir's heart was pounding out of his chest but he didn't let it show.
"Spread your legs "
Charley maintained her haughty disposition but obeyed without hesitation. She sank down in her seat, placed her left foot on top of the passenger seat outside the headrest then repeated the manoeuvre with her right foot on the driver's side. She couldn't have complied more fully. She felt too deliciously exposed.
Sahir looked on enthralled as his passenger proudly displayed the vivid pink of her ripe, open sex. She was freshly shaven with just a tuft of black pubic hair crowning her mound. With her legs spread wide her swollen outer lips had parted, the smooth, round tip of her stiff clit stood proud of its fleshy hood, her cock hole gaping expectantly.
He dutifully moved the phone's camera lens between her legs.
"Good, very good" came the response from her master, "tell the filthy slut she may request permission touch herself"
"Ask nicely" Sahir directed.
She knew how she was to respond, they'd played this game before.
"Please Sir, may I play with my pussy for you?" she asked with faux innocence.
"Yes... you may"
Charlotte, in preparation for the weekend, had had her nails done professionally, candy apple red. Taking the index finger of her right hand, she delicately dipped the tip into her shamefully wet hole, coating it in her sex juices. Both men watched as she slowly drew her finger up between her silky, pink lips and began circling her achingly engorged bud.
The release of pent up sexual tension was immediate and powerful. She groaned and bit her lip.
"oh god..." she mewed almost pitifully.
Sahir moved between the front seats, placing a knee on either side and sliding his hand down the front of his sweat pants.
Alternating between rubbing her clit and fingering herself, Charlotte masturbated vocally on the back seat of the taxi as it's young driver stroked his cock and relayed the scene to her lover.
"Let him taste you" came the voice from her phone.
Charlotte's left hand moved to attend to her dripping quim as she offered the fingers of her right to Sahir. Her licked her sweet, salty secretions from the tips before taking them in his mouth and sucking greedily on the fingers she'd been fucking herself with.
"Isn't she delicious?"
"Oh yes, Sir. Exquisite" agreed Sahir
"Tell her to unbutton her blouse"
" Get those gorgeous tits of yours out for me Charlotte" he instructed her while jerking his thick, pulsing hard on.
Without comment, she complied. Unbuttoning the blouse and peeling it open to display her breasts. Her pretty cupless bra serving only to support and shape it's ample contents, showing them off to best effect.
Charlotte took a breast in each hand and rolled her erect nipples between her thumb and forefingers.
"May I see his cock please?"
"Sahir? does her display so far warrant such an indulgence?"
"I feel it may spur her on to greater effort Sir, if it's acceptable to you?"
"Yes, I agree, our slut does love her cock, isn't that right darling?"
"I love cock", she practically growled in agreement
Sahir pushed his bottoms down, pulled his fully erect prick and heavy balls out over his waistband, and continued to stroke it as he watched her pull excitedly on her nipples. His dark knob glistened with pre-cum.
Charlotte eyes widened and she immediately dropped one hand to attend her hungry cunt.
Sahir pulled his top up over his head, vainly allowing her to appreciate his toned torso. Charlotte drank it in, from the chunky gold chain draped around his chiselled collarbones, to his well developed pecs, dark chest hair and tight sportsman's abs. Her eyes followed the thin neat arrow of body hair below his belly button back down to where his virile young cock sprouted from a nest of manscaped black pubes.
Charley could feel the first signs her orgasm beginning to build deep inside her, but her Master hadn't finished with her just yet.
"Her dildo and vibrator are in her bag, tell her to get them out"
Sahir nodded towards her overnight bag. With one free hand and without taking her eyes off his gorgeous hard cock, she unzipped the side pocket of the leather duffel and retrieved a realistic dick shaped dildo and her lelo vibrator.
"Shall I fuck myself for you?"
She didn't need to wait for a reply
Charley licked the tip of her dildo provocatively before reaching round behind her right thigh and nudging the bulbous head between her lips at the threshold of her gaping fuck hole. She observed Sahir's incredulous expression as she slowly penetrated herself. He watched open-mouthed in the dim light as she stretched wider and wider to accommodate the thick toy. It's entire shaft gradually swallowed up as she took it to the ball shaped base.
Sahir's envy was etched on his face, how he wished it was him buried so deep inside her.
Now fully impaled, Charley revelled in the sensation of fullness for a moment before reaching for the vibrator and pressing it to her clit. Even on its softest setting the rhythmic pulses from her favourite toy soon drew moans of pleasure.
"Fuck it" Sahir ordered without prompting, "ride that big cock"
She stared back at him, "I wish it was yours, I hope he wants you to fuck me"
Her Master smiled.
Sahir's hand gripped his throbbing dick tightly, matching her stokes, placing himself vicariously inside her tight, warm cunt. Slowly at first, but gradually gathering momentum. Charlotte's labia rippled over her sex toy's veins as they accumulated her pussy cream. His balls tightened, she could see he wouldn't last much longer.
Having set the scene in motion, Charlotte's master sipped whiskey from a crystal tumbler in a quiet corner of the hotel lounge. Viewing the debauched spectacle on his phone screen with quiet satisfaction.
Charlotte's cries grew louder and faster as the rubber cock ploughed in and out of her greedy swollen snatch and her orgasm built.
"Tell him what you are"
"I'm a slut, a filthy slut for cock...of fuck! I love it, I love cocks in my dirty, slutty cunt..."
Shair's hips bucked and he grunted as a thick spurt of cum erupted from his cock head. It arched onto her chest between her tits and trickled back down her taut belly. Another and another. Ropes of hot spunk shot over her skirt, stockings and thighs as she fucked herself. He forced his clenched fist to the base of his shaft, she saw his whole length twitch and spasm. His dark knob glistened, dripping sperm. He jerked it again, 3 or 4 rapid strokes. One final jet shot onto her inner thigh and drizzled between her buttocks towards her asshole.
"Well, aren't you a lucky girl. How generous your young friend has been. Shouldn't you say thank you?"
"Mmmm, Thank you, thers's so much! Thank you for spraying your hot spunk all over my body...oh god...yes...I'm cumming"
Charlotte shuddered and convulsed as she orgasmed noisily on the back seat of the cab. Her legs shuddered involuntarily as the waves of her climax kept her cunt muscles contracting. Withdrawing the dildo, her vacant cock hole twitched and blinked for the camera Sahir positioned between her thighs.
"You dirty bitch" her Master commented with a note of mild surprise. "Bring her to me now please Sahir, make sure she leaves a good tip"
5
The phone disconnected and the pair, strangers less than hour ago, slumped exhausted and spent in the steamy cab.
Sahir recovered his top and sat back in the driver's seat. Neither spoke as he reached into the door pocket and turned to hand Charlotte a packet of wet wipes.
By the time the Prius crunched on to the gravel drive at Wood Hall, Charlotte had re-dressed and was touching up her make-up with a compact mirror.
As the car pulled up, a dark suited figure stood in the portico by the main entrance.
"Is that him?" asked Sahir.
"Yes, that's him" Charley replied somewhat ruefully as she reached the driver the fare, plus a generous tip.
Sahir wasn't going to accept but she insisted.
"It's part of the game, remember?"
Sahir handed her his business card in return.
"I hope I may be of service in the future?" he asked hopefully.
Charlotte shrugged teasingly before opening the car door door, the interior lights came on, Sahir noticed her little damp thong sitting on the passenger seat and picked it up to return to her.
"Keep it" she smiled kindly, "A souvenir, besides I don't think I'll be needing it"