My Boyfriend likes to expose meor perhaps it should be calledThe exhibitionist in denialby Vanessa Evans
All characters involved in any sexual activities in this story were over the legal age of consent when the events took place.
Before you read this part I strongly suggest that you read the earlier parts. They will give you the background that will make this part a lot more enjoyable.
Part 12 – More embarrassment======================
Ryan goes on another Training Course-----------------------------------------------Ryan had to go on another week long training course, and the bad news was that I couldn't go with him. The other annoying thing (from my point of view) was that it was in southern France.
Ryan wasn't happy and offered to let me go to the seaside for a few days. He said that we could afford for me to stay in a small hotel and that it would be a good opportunity for me to get out and get some good, fresh sea air, and some exercise.
I didn't fancy a hotel and asked him if I could go to his uncle's mobile home. A quick phone call and it was all fixed up.
We had 2 weeks to organise everything. The weather was still reasonable and we decided that I wouldn't need many clothes with me. After all, I wasn't planning on going to the pub or anywhere nice; I planned to spend the time reading, eating, exercising and sleeping.
Ryan downloaded lots of erotic stories for me to read and put them onto our kindle.
I was feeling quite sad as I got up on the Friday that I was to leave. After a last fuck and a shower I put a skirt and top on. Ryan stopped me and suggested that I put on all my piercing jewellery so that it might take my mind off us being apart.
I'd already packed my small bag and Ryan zipped it up after I'd put the jewellery on.
A final kiss and a fingering from Ryan, and I set off for the bus, train then bus journey.
On the train journey I was sat opposite a man slightly older than me. He kept staring at me so I looked down my front and saw that my nipple jewellery was trying to poke through my thin top. I hadn't crossed my legs and there was a good chance that he might have been able to see my pubic bone or even my pussy. I was still in a sad mood so I just ignored him.
Day 1-------As soon as I got to the holiday park I went to reception and got the key, then to the little shop for some essential supplies.
In the mobile home I stripped naked, made a coffee and went and sat outside the back to relax. I saw that the little fence between the mobile home and the path to the beach had been blown down. It was a small fence anyway and wouldn't have stopped anyone on the path (if they looked) from seeing me, but I didn't care.
I dozed off and woke a few minutes later in a better mood and decided to start my exercising. I took off my jewellery and put on my tennis skirt, a tank top and trainers, and set off along the beach. I must have run for about 30 minutes before turning to run back. None of the people on the beach took any notice (that I saw) of me as I ran passed them.
I decided to take a different path onto the mobile home, and continued running round the mobile homes back to mine.
I ran along close to the front of one mobile home and as I turned the corner I suddenly collided with two people. We all went down with me on top of a young woman. I opened my eyes and saw a girl about 18 years old; and she was mad.
"Get off me you stupid girl." The voice was deep and sounded very threatening.
I pushed myself up and got onto my feet. I was stood between the legs of the girl and I could see her red knickers. They were very brief with side ties.
She got up and turned to a young man who was sat on the floor with his back to the van.
"Get up Tony," she demanded. Then she turned back to me,
"Where's your mother and father girl? You need to be taught some manners and to be more careful."
"About 60 miles that way." I said pointing inland.
"Don't get clever with me you little shit.... So who are you here with?"
"I'm on my own." I replied.
"In that case I'd better teach you a thing or two."
The girl was tall and strong. She grabbed my arm and pulled me towards the door of the van.
"Come on Tony, the shop can wait." She said as she pulled me into the van.
Once inside she pushed me against the table and told me to bend over it.
"Why?" I asked, "Who do you think you are anyway. It was an accident, no one is to blame; besides, you have no right to punish me; I'm leaving."
"I'm Jenny, and you need to be taught a lesson. You WILL do what I say."
She pulled me back and pushed me over the table.
"Hold her arms Tony."
Tony went round the table and held my wrists. I was stuck.
I felt an almighty whack on my butt.
"Ooowwww!" that hurt.
"Good."
"Bloody hell, a slut as well as a shit. Tony, look, she hasn't got any knickers on. Where's you knickers girl?"
"I haven't got any."
"What do you mean haven't got any? Where are they?"
"I don't own any."
"You are a slut then. In that case you'd better take the rest of your clothes off. If you don't we'll rip them off you."
I looked at Jenny, then Tony. They were both a lot taller than me and I wouldn't have been able to fight them.
I started stripping. When I was done Jenny said,
"Right slut, get back over that table."
Reluctantly I bent over the table.
"Open those legs slut."
I did; and soon felt my butt hurt again. Jenny's spanking went on and on and on. My butt was hurting and I was screaming and crying, but Jenny's assault continued. My butt hurt like hell and I was sobbing loudly.
Jenny stopped her assault on my butt.
"Right slut, are you sorry for barging into us?"
I nodded.
"Say it slut."
"I'm sorry."
Sorry for what slut."
"Okay, I'm sorry that I barged in to you."
"I can't hear you slut."
"I'M SORRY THAT I BARGED INTO YOU." I shouted.
"Well, that's a start. Tony, you come and take over from me, my hand's starting to hurt."Tony started on my butt. His hand hurt even more than Jenny's did.
Oh the pain; it was horrible.
After a couple of minutes I realised that I wasn't complaining about the pain any more. I was still crying but my butt had gone numb. After a few more slaps my pussy started getting wet and warm.
"Why was that?" I thought. "I couldn't be enjoying it."
But I was; I felt an orgasm building. I tried to fight it, but I didn't stand a chance. All of a sudden it hit me. The spasms jerked my body all over the place. Tony stopped spanking me and just stood there.
"Is she..... ?" Tony asked.
"Yes, I think she is." Jenny replied.
"She looks too young to have orgasms." Tony said.
"Well the slut is having one now." Jenny said.
As the waves receded and the spasms stopped, Jenny pulled me to my feet.
"Well slut, that was a surprise, I didn't think that you had it in you. We'll have to try that again to see if it was a one-off or if we can repeat it. In the mean time we have to get to that shop, there a couple of things that I have to get before we leave in the morning; and you're coming with us. I don't want you sneaking off."
With that Jenny picked up her purse and told Tony to grab my arm. I reached for my clothes but Jenny told Tony to stop me and he pulled me outside without a stitch on.
"Please, please don't do this to me. You've punished me enough already, please let me go. Please!" I pleaded.
"Girl, if you don't stop winging I'll give you round 2 out here. And don't go trying to run off. I bet that Tony can run faster than you can."
What could I do? With my head hanging down I followed them through the site to the little shop. We only saw one couple, and they ignored us.
"I'll wait here." I said as we got close to the shop, hoping that I'd get the chance to run away.
I didn't get the chance; Tony pulled me right into the shop. I just stood there with my head hanging and my hands covering my pussy.
"What have we here? The shopkeeper asked Jenny.
"She's been a naught girl and she's being punished. Girl, come over here and show the nice man your butt."
I walked over and Jenny told me to turn my back to the man.
"Wow, it's good to see some old-fashioned corporal punishment. The world would be a better place if more of that was doled out."
"Bend over slut and let the man get a proper look." Jenny said.
I did, and hoped that the man couldn't see my pussy.
"She's been told that she has to stay naked for a week so that everyone can see her red butt. I hope that you don't mind."
"Not at all, and I can't see the owners having a problem with it. We tend to agree with what's wrong with the world today." The shopkeeper said.
"All week! It's a good job that I'm only staying here for a few days. I've got to escape from these 2 morons." I thought; "Anyway, I thought that these 2 shit-heads said that they were going home tomorrow."
Jenny bought a couple of things and we headed back, Tony holding my arm all the way.
"Right slut," Jenny said, "get over that table again; I want to see if your last performance was a one-off or not."
"No please, you've done enough, I won't barge into you again, I promise." I pleaded; but it was to no avail as Jenny pointed to the table.
I reluctantly bent over the table again and my butt got tortured again. With my butt already being red and painful, it didn't take long before first, I was balling my head off; and secondly, I got wet and felt another orgasm building.
I didn't want to cum again; not with them forcing me; but they were determined to humiliate me some more.
The orgasm waves started and I started shaking. My muscles were jerking and I was moaning and screaming with pleasure. I think that Tony was still spanking me, but I wasn't sure.
Eventually the waves receded and I looked round to Jenny. She had a big grin on her face.
"So it wasn't a fluke slut. I guess that you're starting young. Don't think that you are done here. I've got other things for you to do. Get down on the floor, flat on your back."
The floor was cold on my hot and sore butt but I did as she said, keeping my legs together and covering my nipples with one arm.
What happened next both amazed and scared me; Jenny started taking her clothes off. Her lower half looked good, slim legs and flat stomach; but as her top came off I nearly laughed at her rather large, ugly bra. And when it came off I really did appreciate the fact that I have no tits. They were like 2 floppy footballs. How she manages to walk around with them amazes me.
Anyway, Jenny knelt down with her knees over my shoulders. The scary bit came next; she lowered her pussy onto my face.
"Eat it slut; and you better be good."
What choice did I have? As her hairy pussy came into contact with my mouth I automatically opened my mouth and closed my teeth round her clit. I decided that the sooner I got it over with the better. I decided that since she'd been rough with me then I was going to be rough with her. I chewed hard and almost bit her clit off. She was loving it and she soon started cumming. It was quite a small orgasm – by my standards; she didn't seem to be letting herself go.
All the time Tony was just watching, but as soon as she could she told him to play with my pussy, but warned him not to fuck me.
"You don't want to end up in jail," she said.
As soon as I felt Tony's hand touch my pussy I opened my legs.
"Why did I do that?" I thought. "Why did I make it easy for him?" There was no way that I was going to cum with him touching me.
I was right. Despite his probing and squeezing he was hopeless. I nearly smiled when I realised that if that was the best he could do then poor Jenny.
Why was I feeling sorry for her?
When Jenny got up she told me to get up and onto my knees.
"Here's a treat for you Tony. Open your mouth slut; and Tony, unzip and get it out."
I kept my mouth shut; even when Tony got his cock out and pressed it against my mouth.
"SMACK!"
The pain on my butt made me gasp and Tony's cock went in.
"Suck slut." Jenny said.
What could I do? I sucked. In less than a minute I felt that Tony was about to cum.
"I don't want to swallow his cum." I thought.
Just as I was resigned to having to swallow, he pulled out and shot his load all over my face and chest.
"Thank fuck for that." I thought.
"You could have cum insider her mouth Tony, I wouldn't have minded." Jenny said, then added,
"Right slut, we're going for a shower. Tony, go and lock the door. I don't want this slut escaping. I've got more planned for her."
They both went to the bathroom and I heard the shower start. I suddenly had a brainwave. I grabbed my clothes and went to the big window. It opened. I had an escape plan.
I threw my clothes out and was just about to climb out when I had another brainwave. I ran to the suitcase that was still open on the floor and rummaged through it. I pulled out every pair of knickers, tights, bras, trousers and shorts that I could find. Remembering to pick up the red knickers and bra that Jenny had been wearing, I threw the lot out of the window and climbed out.
I quickly picked up everything and ran.
I spotted a litter bin and dumped all Jenny's clothes into it. With a satisfied feeling I picked up my clothes and ran to my mobile home. I quickly locked myself in and breathed a sigh of relief. As I started to think about what had happened I moved to a chair to sit down but as soon as my butt touched the seat I stood up again; it was too painful. That brought me back to the here and now. I needed a hot shower. I wanted to get rid of every trace of those 2 horrible people.
When I finished drying myself I put the kettle on and stood there thinking.
It all started because of a simple accident. I didn't want to crash into them. That girl's reaction had been way over the top, but in a weird way I'd enjoyed part of it. Yes, my butt still hurt like hell but the orgasms that I'd had when they were spanking me were amazing. In a way I'd enjoyed eating her out, and giving him the blow job but I certainly didn't enjoy having their pubic hairs stuck in my throat. I needed a coffee to clear that problem.
Being dragged to the shop while naked was horrible. The man in the shop had only seen me a couple of hours previous when I bought some supplies. I was amazed that he didn't pick up the phone and call the police. But there again, he must get quite a few scantily clad people in there at times; maybe some of the parents let their kids run around naked. Oh, just remembered, the last time that I was there with Ryan we did see a few kids running around naked, so maybe that's why the shop man wasn't freaked out. I wondered how many kids bare butts that he had seen that were as red as mine.
Maybe I should go to the shop naked again. I don't want to think about that anymore at the moment.
I know that I'd been wrong to steal that girls clothes but she deserved some punishment. Perhaps she might learn something from it.
As I got to the end of my coffee I went and got my phone, I wanted to talk to Ryan before he left for the airport.
When I told Ryan all about my ordeal he was very sympathetic and offered to cancel his training course and come straight over. I explained that I was okay and that it wasn't necessary. The conversation lightened up and Ryan suggested that perhaps I should do what Jenny had said (if the weather was okay) and stay naked for all the time that I was there. He wanted me to walk around the site naked, and go to the shop again, naked. He reminded me that I still look like a 12 year-old and can get away with doing these things.
The more that I said that I didn't want to, the more Ryan said that I should. As usual Ryan got his way. Then he asked me if I'd unpacked my bag yet. When I said that I hadn't he told me to go and look in the bottom of it. When I did I found my Ben Wa balls and a new remote controlled egg vibrator.
He then gave me another challenge for my holiday. He said that it was something else to take my mind off being on my own. The challenge was to have more than 15 orgasms each day using any method that I wanted. He said that for every day that I succeeded he would treat me to a new dress, pair of shoes or a handbag.
That was a challenge that I liked and quickly agreed to it without realising that I'd be out and about naked and maybe having orgasms whilst outside. Ryan said that this challenge would help me with the staying naked challenge.
After the phone call ended I started thinking about what I had agreed to do. Why the hell had I agreed to do the 'naked all the time challenge'? I was mad; but I had agreed, and I always keep my word. I just couldn't not do what I had agreed to do. I needed to think about it; but quickly realised that I had already started; I'd never got dressed after my shower.
I decided to get something to eat and stood up eating my food.
I went to bed early that night, going to sleep face down with my right hand under me, holding my pussy.
Day 2-------I woke up next morning in very much the same position, except that my fingers had obviously been at work on my pussy during the night, my legs had spread wide and I was quite wet.
I looked at the clock and discovered that it was still early. Feeling refreshed I decided to go for a run before there were too many people about. I had a pee and cleaned my teeth then went for my trainers, skirt and top. Just as I started to put the skirt on I remembered the challenges. I knew that trainers wouldn't count so they went on.
I know that the 2 shit-heads had me walking around the site naked the previous day, and that no one had said anything; but Ryan's challenge meant that I would be out and about naked on my own for the rest of the time that I was there. That thought was scary and I wondered what I could do to reduce the chances of me getting into trouble. I needed to look more like a kid. I remembered the other times that I wanted to look like a kid and that I'd put my hair into pigtails. I decided that it would be pigtails for the rest of the holiday. I went to the bathroom and put my hair up.
Then I thought about the cumming part and considered the vibrating egg; and immediately dismissed the idea. It would be way too much while running. I wouldn't get more than 100 yards.
Ben Wa balls it was. Previous experience told me that I can run for quite a distance before they get the better of me. I remembered the incident with the workman getting out of a van and had a little chuckle.
After I pushed the balls home I looked outside to see if anyone was looking, then stepped out. It was still a bit fresh, but I knew that I'd soon warm-up – one way or another.
Off I went, heading straight for the beach and the path at the edge of the beach. I guess that it was too early for most people and I never saw anyone, but I did have to stop twice when my balls got the better of me. Two down, 13 to go I thought as I started running again.
As I ran back through the holiday park I saw a taxi with Jenny and Tony in. I had a little chuckle wondering how Jenny was getting on without any underwear.
I had a shower then got myself some breakfast. The sun was coming up so I went out the back and gently sat on the chair to eat and plan my day.
I'd done a little exercise and had 2 orgasms already; and I was still naked. So things were going well for Ryan's challenges. I decided to swap the balls for the egg and do some reading. I took my plate and cup in and came back out with the egg and my kindle. Looking round to make sure that no one was watching I squat down and squeezed the balls out and pushed the egg in.
I didn't switch the egg on, instead I went and got a towel to put on one of the sun loungers and lay there starting to read about Vanessa's New Life. I wanted to relax before driving myself crazy.
It didn't take long for me to start getting aroused. That Vanessa certainly threw herself into what she wanted for a new life. I started thinking about Ryan and I and how I'd changed since I met him. There was a little similarity, but unlike Vanessa, I could never get to like people looking at me naked.
I think that Ryan wanted me to read these stories to see if I will change my mind about being an exhibitionist. I doubt it. Even if I complete Ryan's challenges I will be doing them while sexually aroused, when the sexual desires have taken control of my body; not when I'm not aroused.
I stopped reading and thought about Vanessa getting spanked by her father, and how she'd got aroused and actually had an orgasm. Then I thought about how I'd cum hard when I'd been spanked the previous day. I'd thought that I was some sort of freak reacting like that, but Vanessa had done the same, so maybe I'm not a freak, maybe it's normal.
My arousal got stronger, up to an AF factor of 6 or 7. I decided to switch the egg on and let me have number 3.
That was the first time that I'd switched that vibrator on and it surprised me. It felt different; more 'active'. It felt like it was dancing inside me.
I put the kindle down and lay back to let it happen.
It happened reasonably quickly and it left me covered in sweat. I had to go and have another shower, but left the switched off egg inside me. I'd decided that I was going to leave it inside me until the batteries needed changing.
Whilst in the bathroom I looked at my butt in the mirror. It was still quite red and tender. I still had to take it easy when sitting down.
I relaxed on the sun lounger and soaked up the not so hot, but pleasant sun.
After a while, and a quick nap, I decided that I needed to get a change of scenery for a while. I decided to go for a naked walk on the beach, taking the small remote control for the egg so that if I get a bit scared about being naked I can give myself a quick burst and move my attention from being scared to being aroused.
Walking onto the beach I saw a few people there, some with kids down by the water's edge. As I walked close to some of them, none of them took any notice of me. That both pleased me and disappointed me. Pleased because it meant that everyone was treating me like a kid, and disappointed because everyone was treating me like a kid.
Yes, the same reason; I'm an adult and want to be treated like one but I didn't want to get arrested like an adult would. I suppose that I want the best of both worlds.
At one point when I wasn't close to anyone I switched the egg on and just stood there with my legs apart. The egg did its job and I soon started cumming. I bent over and put my hands on my knees to help stop me from collapsing. It was a good thing that I wasn't close to anyone. I sure would have got some funny looks. As I calmed down I thought that the beach might be a good place to have the orgasms for Ryan's challenge; quite public, quite big, but quite remote. If I picked my place no one would ever know what was happening.
Walking back to the mobile home I decided to 'test the waters' by walking through part of the holiday park. It was only when I got near some youths that I got noticed. They stared at me as I passed them. I didn't look back after I had passed them so I don't know if their eyes followed me. I didn't hear any comments about my red butt.
I walked past the swimming pool and had a quick look in. There were a few people, adults and kids there, some on sun beds and some in the pool. No one looked at me as I went to investigate an addition since I was there a year ago.
It was an outdoor jacuzzi and by its looks it had hot water in it. I was definitely coming back there later.
I don't know if it was because I'd had an orgasm a few minutes before or because I was walking passed people while I was naked, but I was starting to feel horny again. I knew that I should leave it until later, but I turned the egg onto low and kept walking.
I felt it building as I left the pool area and made another about 50 yards before it hit me. Looking around I saw no one and again bent over, put my hands on my knees and started shaking. The spasms were just dying down when I heard a youth say,
"Nice butt kid. It looks like you've been a naughty girl."
As he started the second sentence another boy's voice said,
"And pussy."
I stood up straight quickly and started walking. My face felt like it was as red as my butt obviously was.
Back at the mobile home I got myself a drink and did a mental count. Five, I'd had 5 orgasms so far that day. I was still horny thinking that those boys had seen my pussy so I went out the back to the sun lounger and switched the egg on to full. I was going to try for 2 more in quick succession.
I got them, but I wasn't quiet about it. At one point I thought that I saw someone looking at me but I was in the middle of something that I couldn't stop so I ignored it.
The second orgasm started to subside so I switched the egg off; I needed a rest.
I had a short rest but quickly became restless. I needed to get out somewhere, and I needed more orgasms. I'd only had 7 so far that day and it was already mid-afternoon.
I didn't fancy the beach or the swimming pool. I was going to save that pleasure for the next day so I decided to walk round the parts of the holiday park that I hadn't seen so far. I had seen parts that looked different and I wanted to see what they were.
I had a decision to make, Ben Wa balls, egg and control unit, egg and no control unit – switched off, or egg and no control unit – switched on.
I chose the latter and set off totally naked, nothing in my hands and a purring in my pussy. How far would I get before I started having 'problems'?
I hadn't gone more than a couple of hundred yards when those damn youths appeared again; three of them this time. When they saw me they stopped and watched me walk past them. As I got just passed them one of them said,
"Still bright red I see."
I ignored them, but my face was starting to go red. It was partially to do with the teenagers and partially the egg. I was starting to get aroused.
I kept walking and they followed me. I suddenly realised that I had an orgasm approaching and 3 youths following me. If it arrived soon they would be able to watch it happening. Now that would be embarrassing.
I started walking faster but time was running out. Turning a corner I saw the kids play area. I went straight to the swings and sat on one. Then it hit me.
The next thing that I knew I was sat there, hands gripping the chains for dear life; my legs were up, parallel to the ground and wide apart.
I looked up from my legs and saw the 3 teenagers in front of me staring at my pussy.
OMG! I closed my legs quickly.
"Noisy little slut isn't she." One of the teenagers said.
"Yeah, and look at that pussy; it's leaking. What's that white stuff?" Another one of them said.
"It's like your jism, but for girls stupid. You have wanked and got white stuff out haven't you?" The third teenager asked.
"Of course I have stupid."
"But why's she cumming? No one's touching her or fucking her."
"I don't know. Why don't you ask her?"
"Not me. You ask her."
"Don't look at me." The other one said to his mates.
After a few seconds pause when they stared at me and I stared at them, one said,
"So how come you ain't got no clothes on kid?"
I thought about ignoring them but decided that if I answered their questions they might go away and leave me alone.
"I've been naughty and this is my punishment." I said.
"I'm glad that my mum and dad don't punish me like that." One said. Another followed with,
"Then we'd all have a laugh."
"Fuck off."
"So how long do you have to stay without clothes?"
"All week."
"Can't you just stay in your room?"
"No, they say that I have to be outside all day."
I don't know if it was the egg, or the fact that these 2 youths were talking to me, or both, but I could feel another orgasm approaching. I had to get away from them. I slid off the swing seat.
"I've got to go now; my dad will get upset if he sees me talking to boys."
I walked away, and thankfully they didn't follow. After a few seconds I heard one of them say,
"See you around nudie kiddie. I hope your butt doesn't hurt too much."
In between the silent moans I smiled a bit, my butt did still hurt a bit, but I didn't think that it was noticeably red.
I turned a corner and saw that I was at the back entrance to the swimming pool. Could I make it to the jacuzzi before it arrived?
Not knowing whether the water in the jacuzzi was cold or warm I quickly slid over the side and into the water. It was warm.
I sat there with my eyes closed as my body jerked and bucked. Thankfully the water was up to my neck. I fought to stay silent but a couple of muffled moan did escape.
"I know that it's nice in here, but I didn't think that it was that good." A man's voice said.
I opened my eyes and instantly went red. There was a man sitting in the jacuzzi opposite me.
"Shit, does he know that I've just cum?" I thought.
After a few seconds pause I said,
"It's all hot and bubbly, it's tickling me."
"You must be that little girl who's being punished; you must have been a bad little girl."
"Does everyone on the site know about me?" I thought.
I just stared at him.
"Never mind, the bubbles will make your backside feel better."
I looked down at the water and saw that the bubbles were covering all of me. With the warm water feeling so good and no one being able to see my body, I decided to help number 10 on its way. My right hand went to my pussy and started playing with my clit. It seemed so naughty masturbating right in front of that man, even if he couldn't possibly know what I was doing.
I slid first one then a second finger inside me. I could feel the egg vibrating away. It felt sooo good. I got my fingers round the egg and pressed it different ways until it pressed against different parts of me. Ooohhh so nice. I started cumming again.
I opened my eyes and saw that the man was still staring at me. Were my eyes giving me away, did he know what I was doing? At that moment I didn't care, the pleasure was so overwhelming.
As I slowly got back to normal I suddenly realised that I would have to get out of the jacuzzi in front of the man. I could either stand up and walk over to the steps, in which case he'd see my pussy from the front, then my butt; or turn round under the water and climb out over the side. That way he'd see my pussy from behind as I bent over to climb up. Either way he'd see my swollen pussy.
I chose to climb out over the side; at least I wouldn't see his face as he looked. However, things didn't go to plan. As I turned and stood up my left foot slipped. I went flying forwards and ended up with my stomach on the edge of the jacuzzi, my butt in the air and my legs spread wide, half under the water.
For a few seconds as I recomposed myself the man must have had great view of my butt and spread pussy. I vaguely heard him say something, but I was more interested in getting out of there. I got myself together, climbed out and nearly ran out of the pool area.
It was only as I hurried away that I remembered that I was dripping wet and didn't have a towel with me; and the egg was still purring away.
As soon as I got back to the mobile home I switched the egg off, dried myself and went to lie on my bed. I needed a rest.
I woke up about an hour later to find that I had a text from Ryan. In my reply I had to admit that I'd only cum 10 times. I was disappointed that I hadn't achieved Ryan's target and I'd missed out on a new dress or shoes. I vowed to try a lot harder the next day.
At least I had a few hours to relax without trying to make myself cum.
I got myself some food and relaxed on the bed reading. Sometime later I stopped reading for a while and reflected on my day. I'd gone the full day without putting any clothes on at all; I'd walked about in public butt naked; I'd had 10 orgasms and felt horny nearly all day. I knew that I had to try harder the next day. I still didn't think that I was an exhibitionist. I wouldn't have done any of that if I hadn't been horny and Ryan hadn't challenged me to do it.
I fell asleep reading more of Vanessa Evan's New Life.
Day 3-------When I woke the sun was shining through the window. I felt refreshed and ready to earn myself a new dress. It was Sunday and a potentially a busier day with regards to people being there. I felt a little apprehensive.
A nude run along the beach was my first pleasure of the day. I got ready (had a pee, cleaned my teeth and inserted my balls) and set off.
I had a good run and only saw one couple walking their dog. I had orgasms 1 and 2 of the day, both with no one around.
Orgasm 3 came with my fingers in the shower.
Orgasm 4 came when I swapped the steel balls for the egg. To check that the egg worked with the new batteries I turned it on to full and just had to see how long it took to make me cum. I came before I'd finished getting my breakfast ready.
After breakfast and cleaning my teeth again I dried my hair and put it into pigtails for the day. I looked good and the sun was shining so I went for a walk.
I was starting to get over the nervousness of when I step out of the mobile home naked and just set off down the road with just the remote control round my neck. Earlier that morning I'd had the idea of putting a bit of string through a hole in the control and wearing it round my neck. That way I had both my hands free and still have the control if I want to turn the egg up or down. I only hoped that I'd remember to take it off when I went swimming.
People were starting to walk about, but apart from a couple of odd looks, no one said anything to me. I was getting more and more convinced that most people on the park knew about the little girl who was being punished by having to stay naked.
I passed the swimming pool and it looked inviting so I went back and got a towel and my kindle. On the way back to the pool I decided that I'd better have number 5, I wanted to spread them out during the day and not have to give myself half a dozen all at once. I figured that if I did that I might not get so knackered.
I stopped round a corner where I thought that no one could see me and switched the egg to full. I was anticipating the sudden activity but I still jumped a little. I was just starting to cum when a dog, followed by an old man, came round the corner.
It was too late, I couldn't stop. I think that the old man must have been a little deaf and blind; he just kept walking; although the dog did come and have a quick sniff of me before walking on. Maybe it was a gay dog and didn't like the smell of human pussy.
Anyway, I got to the pool, claimed a sun lounger, took the remote control off and dived in. It felt good, a little cold, but good. My nipples were rock hard when I got out.
I dried myself and settled down for a long read.
I got very engrossed in Vanessa's New Life and loved reading about her holiday in Ibiza. I really liked the part where they were standing in that bar and Jon slid his hand into her skirt and made her cum without anyone being able to see. I also loved it when they were in that dark bar and Vanessa was getting groped by different people.
All the pussy playing must have had a subconscious effect on me because I suddenly realised that my legs had drifted apart and my right hand was resting on my pubic bone. I wondered if I'd been fingering myself without realising it. I looked round and no one was staring at me so I guessed not.
What I did do though was to switch the egg on, on low. I wanted to feel good.
Just as I was getting to the end of Vanessa's New Life I read about their fun with a vacuum cleaner. I remembered seeing one in the mobile home and wondered if I should have a play with it. The thought was getting me horny, so horny that number 6 was fast approaching.
I put the kindle down, got up and just managed to jump into the pool as it hit me. I put my hand into my mouth to stifle my screams.
At least no one would be able to know that I'd just cum.
After cumming in the pool with the water up to my neck I did a few of the short lengths then got out and turned the egg off. I wanted some peace while I started reading about Vanessa's friend Debbie.
That too made me horny and again I found my legs open. I could easily see my swollen, shiny lips. Shit, I hoped that no one else noticed.
I quickly closed my legs and got back to reading 'Debbie's Pussy Power' and got to the part where she showed her pussy at job interviews. I wondered if I should do that when I manage to get an interview.
All of a sudden I heard a man say,
"Hello Tanya."
I stopped reading and looked up. It was the man who'd talked to us last time Ryan and I were there; the one with the 2 young kids.
"Shit, I don't want to get lumbered with them." I thought.
"Oh Hi, Pete isn't it?"
"Yes, that's right, are you here with your brother Ryan again?"
"No, Ryan couldn't make it; I'm here on my own this time."
"Wow! Your parents must really trust you."
As Pete was saying that I looked at the kids stood next to him. Something wasn't right. I remembered 2 young kids but these 2 were much older, about 17 or 18, one boy and one girl.
"Oh, these 2 are my oldest kids; the other 2 are at school this week."
I looked at the kid's faces and saw where they were looking. I looked down and realised that I'd done it again. Every time that I read about girls flashing their goodies my legs open without me realising and my pussy gets wet(ter). I looked at Pete's face and his eyes were looking at my pussy as well.
I clamped my legs together.
"Tanya, this is Alfie and Freya."
"Hi." I said.
"Well it's good to see you Tanya. I'll let you get back to your book. Maybe see you around." Pete said and they started walking away.
When they were a few feet away I heard Pete say,
"She was naked the last time they were here; apparently she has trouble keeping her clothes on."
Alfie looked back at me and smiled when he saw that I was looking at him.
I blushed.
I needed something to take my mind off the possibility of Pete and his kids making a nuisance of themselves. I switched the egg on and started thinking about Debbie's ability to control men by teasing them with flashes of her pussy. The theory was good but I could never do anything like that.
I got back to the story but it wasn't long before I could feel number 7 approaching. I didn't fancy the idea of cumming while I was laid out on the sun lounger; there were way too many people around. I looked round and decided that the jacuzzi was my best bet. I could see 2 heads there but I couldn't decide whether they were male or female, or what age.
I switched the egg on to full and walked quickly to the jacuzzi. As I got close I saw that it was 2 youths; 2 of the ones that I'd come across the previous day. It was too late to change my mind and I quickly climbed in and sat down with the water up to my neck.
I put my hand over my pussy and pressed as reached my peak. Number 7
"Oh, that's nice." I thought as my legs started shaking. My other hand came up to my mouth to try to hold in the moans that were about to escape.
"Hey kid!"
"Is there anyone at home?"
"HEY YOU!"
"What, what did you say?" I said as I started to calm down and realise that the 2 youths were talking to me.
"I said ARE YOU FEELING OKAY? You've got that strange look on your face again;" one of the boys asked.
"Err yeah," I replied, looking down to check that they couldn't see my body through the bubbles. "I'm err, I've got a pain in my stomach. I'll be okay."
"Do you want me to rub it better?" The other boy said.
"Ignore him, he's a moron." The first boy said. "So you still can't wear any clothes then?"
"No."
"Is your butt still red?"
"No, I don't think so."
"Stand up and turn round, I'll check and let you know."
How stupid could I get; I stood up and turned round.
"Yeah, that looks normal; apart from that bit."
Before I could say anything the teenager reached over and touched my butt.
"Hey, get off me." I said.
I turned round and sat down.
The 2 teenagers started asking me questions about who I was, where I came from, did I like having to walk around naked, did I like showing my pussy to people? I was getting sick of all the questions and I only gave brief answers.
Talking to them with the egg vibrating away inside me was getting me turned-on – again. I could feel that tingling getting stronger and stronger. I didn't really want to cum in front of them again, but I was getting close and it looked unavoidable.
Orgasm 8 hit me like a bolt of lightning. It crept up on me then hit me when I wasn't quite expecting it.
"Aaaaaaarrrghhhh, ooooooh, ffuuuuuuck."
The 2 teenagers sat in silence as I told the world that I was cumming. When it subsided one of the teenagers said,
"How come your cumming? You're not getting fucked and I can see your hands so what's going on? Are you ill with some weird disease or something?"
"I'm not cumming," I lied, "I've got this problem with my stomach; it hurts like hell as times."
"It sounded like you were cumming." One teenager said.
"How would you know? When have you seen a girl cum?" The other teenager asked.
Teenager one said nothing.
Just then a man appeared beside the jacuzzi and told the teenagers to get out and follow him. Peace at last.
I sat there and closed my eyes. The egg was still doing what it was supposed to and I waited for number 9. As I waited I felt a little chuffed. It was only late morning and I'd already had 8 orgasms. I day dreamed about the dress that Ryan was going to have to buy me.
Number 9 wasn't as strong and number 8, but it was satisfying. My eyes were shut all the time so I didn't see if anyone saw or heard me. I didn't care.
After number 9 I realised that I was a little hungry so I got out of the jacuzzi and rushed to the sun lounger to switch the egg off and get dried. I said 'rush', but my legs were a little weak. Orgasms are tiring.
After getting some food inside me I felt better. So much so that I decided to go for a long walk on the beach. With the egg control hanging round my neck and nothing else with me, I set off. There were more people on the beach than I'd ever seen there before, well it was a Sunday, and the weather was sunny.
No one took any notice of me as I walked along the sea's edge; not even a couple of older looking boys that were making sand castles. I thought one father may have been looking at me but he suddenly said something to his kids and turned away.
In a way I was slightly disappointed, but at the same time I was glad. As the people thinned out I decided that I needed a distraction, and number 10, so I switched the egg on to low. That felt nice.
I kept walking and a few minutes later I moved the switch up to full. Soon I was standing there shaking as orgasm number 10 hit me.
Oh, that was good. I decided to leave the egg of full and let it take me to another high. Just as number 11 hit me I became aware of 2 men on quad bikes coming towards me. My orgasm was in full flow with my arms and legs quivering and shaking; and there was no way that I could stop.
"Are you okay little girl?"
It took a minute or so before I could take in what was he'd said. The 2 men were policemen, obviously patrolling the beach on their quad bikes.
"Oh shit!" I thought, "I'm in deep shit now."
"You don't look too well, are you all right?"
"Err, yes, I think so."
"Where are your parents?"
I pointed down the beach to where the holiday park was. I could only just see it. I must have walked for about a mile.
"You shouldn't really be out here all this way from your parents, especially dressed like that. Come on, climb on, we'll take you back."
I just stood there, looking at the 2 men, not knowing what to do. My orgasm had subsided but the egg was still of full; I couldn't last long before I'd have another one.
Stupid me, I didn't think to turn the egg off, instead I climbed on the back of the quad bike. To do that I had to lift one leg over the seat, I just hoped that the other policeman wasn't looking.
"Put your arms round me and hold tight." The policeman said.
The quad bike slowly moved off towards the holiday park. It wasn't long before the egg, the vibrations from the quad bike and the fact that my nipples were rubbing against that policeman's back; took me over the top with number 12. I could feel myself squeezing the poor policeman's waist.
"No need to be scared." I heard the policeman say.
When we stopped at the first entrance path to the holiday park I just sat there still squeezing the poor policeman's waist. My orgasm was just starting to subside.
"You can let go of me now and get off."
"Hey Dave, does she look okay to you?" The policeman said to his colleague.
"Her face is all screwed up but apart from that she looks okay. I guess she's just scared being on the bike."
"Come on luv, time to get off." The first cop said.
By that time I was getting back to normal. If you could call being naked and just having had an orgasm sat on the back of a police quad bike and holding onto the policeman, normal.
Anyway, I managed to stand up and climb off. As I stood there I looked at the bike that I'd just got off; there was a big wet patch on the plastic seat. I'd leaked and I just hoped that it would dry before the 2 cops looked.
"Okay, off you go to your parents, and don't go for long walks on the beach without them, okay?"
I nodded and slowly walked into the holiday park with my head down and my right index finger in my mouth.
I went back to my mobile home and sat on the sun lounger out the back. I started realising how lucky I'd been, if they'd had any idea that I was actually 23 years old I'm sure that I would have been on the way to the police station right then. For once I was really glad that I look like a little kid.
I remembered how hard my nipples had got rubbing up against the policeman's back and felt another orgasm building. I decided to let that one happen then switch the egg off, I needed a rest.
The thing was, for some unknown reason that orgasm was a double. Number 13 hit me, subsided, then number 14 hit me. I looked over to the path to the beach. A family was walking to the beach and the man was looking over towards me. I wondered if he realised what was happening to me.
After a little nap I woke up feeling restless. It was mid-afternoon and I needed to do something. I wanted to go somewhere, but where? Being naked my options were limited. Then I remembered walking to the nearby village with Ryan, when we'd first met Pete and his young kids. I'd been naked most of that day as well. The only difference was that Ryan had been there to protect me if anything had gone wrong. If I was going to do it again I'd have to make sure that nothing went wrong.
I decided to head towards the village and see how far I could get. After all, I could turn back at any time.
Wearing only the egg's remote control round my neck I set off. Walking down the beach wasn't a problem. I only saw one middle-aged couple and they both ignored me. As I headed inland I started to get a bit nervous. It was time to turn the egg on, on low, and let it take my mind off my nervousness.
The car park was quite full of cars but I only saw one couple, about my (real) age. They both looked at me, but were more interested in each other. I wondered if she was going to have an orgasm on that beach.
As I left the car park I needed more of a distraction so I switched the egg onto full for a few seconds. That took my mind off where I was.
A couple of 'beeps' from a passing car's horn brought me back to reality, but I was too far gone to turn back. Too far gone as in it was a shorter distance back to the holiday park if I kept going; and too far gone in that I was getting close to cumming.
I looked for somewhere 'private' to have number 15. There was nowhere, I was on the side of a public road totally naked. Any number of cars, cyclists or pedestrians could appear at any second; but it was too late, number 15 had arrived.
As my body spasmed I was oblivious to anyone who may, or may not have been there. I was in a different world. With me bent over and my hands on my knees I let it happen – not that I had any choice.
As I recovered I saw a pair of bare legs in front of me. I looked up and saw that it was that girl, Pete's daughter, what was her name, oh yes, Freya. She was wearing a red string bikini and some flip-flops.
"Hey!" Freya said, "Are you okay, you don't look too good."
"Yeah, yeah, I've just cu... err, had a pain in my stomach." I replied.
"There's a seat over there, let's go and sit there for a minute." Freya said.
Freya got hold of my hand and led me over to the seat, which was in the kids play area; the one that Ryan and I had been to the last time that we were there.
As we crossed the road I used my other hand to switch the egg off. I didn't want to have another orgasm with her there.
We sat on the seat and Freya said,
"How are you feeling now Tanya?"
This girl has such a friendly, soft voice. She seemed like such a nice girl. For some strange reason I liked the girl and felt comfortable with her.
"Yeah," I said, "I'm much better now."
"What was the pain?"
"It wasn't a pain, I was having an orgasm."
Why had I just said that?
"Well, I did wonder. I recognised the signs." Freya said. "You're not really a kid are you?"
I shook my head sideways.
For some reason I felt better knowing that my secret was out. I'd been alone for a couple of days and I guess that I needed to talk to someone. I sat there and told Freya the whole story. As I was doing so Freya kept saying things like,
"Wow!"
"That's amazing."
"I wish that I could do that."
"That Ryan seems to be a really cool guy."
"I wish that I was you."
"I'm jealous."
It was so easy talking to Freya. I wasn't at all embarrassed saying some of the things that we / I had done. She took it all in, and when I'd finished Freya said,
"Tanya, you are one amazing woman, I'm so jealous of you and your life. I only hope that I can find someone like Ryan."
Now it was my turn to be embarrassed, and it was nothing to do with my state of dress.
There was a bit of a pause in the conversation and I realised that time was getting on and it was cooling down a bit. I shivered a bit and Freya said,
"Yes it is a bit, shall we head off back."
I felt so relaxed walking with Freya, she was wearing only her red sting bikini and I was totally naked. We walked right through the front gates of the holiday park and no one took any notice of us.
We got to the place where Freya had to go one way and me another. Freya asked me what number mobile home I was staying in and promised to come over first thing in the morning. Apparently her brother and father were going off playing golf the next day so she would have been on her own for the day.
I was feeling happy as I walked those last hundred yards, so happy that I switched the egg on to full. I just made it back before number 16 hit me.
As it subsided I switched the egg off and went for a shower.
After that it was a long text to Ryan; so long that I had to go up it and delete some of it so that I could finish. I even forgot to tell Ryan how many times that I'd cum that day.
I was hungry and had to decide what to eat. I was undecided as to what to do about food. I could make something for myself, go to that takeaway part of the on-site restaurant; or phone them and get them to deliver a pizza or something.
I chose to go to the takeaway. I also chose to switch the egg on to low just before leaving.
I felt good walking around the site in the partial darkness of the evening.
I made it to the restaurant just as number 17 hit me. I dodged into a shadow and let it happen – not that I could have stopped it. I dashed in and placed my order. The man behind the counter stared at me, but never said anything.
It took ages to get the food ready and I was dangerously close when I final got my food.
The same shadow saw number 18 arrive.
I switched the egg off and continued back to the mobile home. I ate in peace then had another shower before collapsing into bed. I was knackered.
Day 4-------I woke to the sound of someone knocking on the door. I opened it to see Freya standing there.
"Good morning my little exhibitionist."
"I'm not an exhibitionist." I mumbled as I turned to the kitchen to put the coffee on.
Freya was wearing a miniskirt, tank top and trainers. It was obvious that she wasn't wearing a bra.
"What time is it?" I asked.
"It's 7 o'clock. Dad and Alfie have already left so I thought that I'd come and see my little exhibitionist."
"I'm not an exhibitionist."
"Of course not. So what have you got planned for today?"
"Well, after a coffee I usually go for a run. Do you fancy joining me?"
"You go like that then?"
"Of course, how can I keep to Ryan's challenge if I put some clothes on?"
The kettle boiled and we were soon drinking coffee. As soon as we'd finished Freya said,
"Okay, let's go."
"Err Freya, how about you strip before we leave?"
"I don't think that I could do that."
"Why not? I'm naked."
"Yes, but you look like a kid. I've got these." Freya said as she cupped her tits.
Freya's tits are probably an 'A' cup so I said,
"So what? No offence, but there's boys out there with tits bigger than those. Come on, get em off."
"I don't know, people might see me. I've got my bikini in my bag, I can wear that?"
"No. On my runs the last couple of days I've only seen one old couple and they totally ignored me. It's too early for most people so come on, get 'em off."
"But!"
"No buts."
"Well, I know that I said that I was jealous of you being able to walk around naked, but I don't know if I can do it."
"No buts, there's only one way to find out."
"I don't know." Freya said, but as she was saying it her hands were already gripping the bottom of her top.
Freya's top came off and she started undoing her skirt. As it dropped to the floor I said,
"No knickers Freya. There's hope for you yet."
"I thought that I'd give you a bit of moral support. I never expected to have to put it on display to the world."
"I think that you're going to enjoy showing the world your bald puss more than I do. Oh, nearly forgot, I've just got to put these inside me."
I picked up my Ben Wa balls and squat down.
"What are those?" Freya asked.
I told her.
"How do they work?"
I told her.
"Won't they fall out?"
"Not if you clench your pussy muscles."
"Can I try them?"
"Of course, but when we get back. It being your first time I don't want to risk one dropping out on the sand; we might never find it again."
"Fair point. Can I try them when you put your egg in please?"
"Of course."
"Good, I don't want you to be the only one having fun all day. Talking of which, how many did you get to before going to bed?"
"18 – That's 1 new dress that Ryan owes me..... I wonder if he'll let me use an average of each day?"
"Come on my little exhibitionist; if I've got to do this then the sooner the better."
"I'm not an exhibitionist."
With that we opened the back door and stepped out.
"This feels so weird." Freya said.
"Don't worry, you'll soon get used to it."
"I don't know if I do want to get used to it."
"Just act like you are doing something that you do every day and that millions of other people do it as well."
"It's alright for you to say that, you've done it hundreds of times. This is my first time."
"Just follow me."
With that I started jogging along the edge of the beach with Freya in hot pursuit.
After about half a mile of seeing no one, the balls in me were really working well. My AF was rising quickly. Another couple of hundred yards and I had to stop as it hit me. Bending over like I usually do my body started shaking. Freya stopped too and stood next to me, looking at me and grinning. She was still grinning as I calmed down.
"That the first for today? Only another 14 to go." Freya said.
"You're enjoying this aren't you?" I asked.
"Of course; but not as much as you." Freya joked.
Freya wasn't as used to jogging as I am and she wanted to go back. I agreed and we turned round. My second orgasm of the day hit me just before we got back.
When I made it back inside, Freya was already in the shower. I waited for her to finish then went in myself.
When I'd finished I went into the lounge and saw Freya with her towel wrapped round herself.
"A bit late for modesty isn't it?" I asked.
"I guess so, force of habit I guess, when you live with your mom, dad, brother about the same age and 2 much younger kids, you tend to keep yourself covered up."
"I can understand that, I'm lucky, there's only Ryan and me so we often walk around our place totally naked. I like looking at his cock and see it go hard and soft again, and everything between. I'm glad that I'm not a man, it's so much easier for us girls to hide our arousal." I said.
I got us some breakfast and while we were eating I asked Freya,
"So Freya, how did you enjoy your first nude run?"
"Well, you were right about soon getting used to it, although I don't know what I would have done if we'd seen anyone. It was sort of exhilarating; I mean it was a sort of turn on."
"Try it with a couple of steel balls clunking away inside you." I interrupted.
"I suppose I kind of enjoyed it."
"Tell you what," I said, "If you wear these balls today and you don't have any accidents, you can wear them tomorrow when we go for a run."
"Who says that I'm going for a run with you tomorrow morning?"
"Your choice." I said.
"So I can try those balls today then?" Freya asked.
"Yes, of course you can."
"Good, I don't want you to be the only one having fun."
"Anyway, you never did tell me how you knew that I wasn't a kid?" I asked.
"Well, the first clue was when I first met you at the swimming pool. You were lying with your legs open and your whole pussy looked way too developed for a young kid. The second clue as the way you talked to my dad. You didn't say much but it was the way that you said it; it wasn't like a kid would have said it. The third clue was your kindle. What kid would be reading a book in a place like this? The fourth clue was as I watched you walking around; you just had a more 'adult' look to the way you walked. Finally, when you were bent over cumming, you just looked like you'd done it lots of times before. A young kid would probably be still getting used to it."
"Oh, you're an expert on what women look like when their cumming are you?" I asked.
"No, no, it's just that you looked like you'd done it hundreds of timed before."
"I have."
We both laughed a bit.
Breakfast over, and cleaned away, Frey said,
"Okay, what's your plan for today? I want to watch you have these hundreds of orgasms."
"Well... If you hadn't been here I'd probably swapped these balls for the egg then gone outside and read for a bit."
"Can I try that egg before you use it? I've never used anything like that before."
"Yeah, sure," I said, "I just need to put some more batteries in it."
I went and got the batteries. When I got back Freya had taken the towel off and was fondling the egg in her hands. She gave me it and I put the batteries in.
"Are you ready for this?" I asked.
Freya shook her head; she looked a bit nervous as she squat down.
"Put some spit on it so that it'll go in easy."
"I don't think that I'll need that." Freya said.
"You must be as horny as me."
Freya gently pushed the egg up her vagina.
"As far as you can get it."
Freya's finger disappeared, came out then she slowly stood up.
"I feel full."
I smiled and picked up the remote control.
"Are you ready for this?"
Freya nodded so I switched the egg onto low.
Freya gasped then her face settled to a contented smile.
"Ooow, that's nice. I've got to get one of these things."
I let it run for a minute then turned it up to full.
"Aaarrrggghhh! Bloody hell, that's wonderful."
Thirty seconds later she started cumming. I thought that I could be loud, but Freya was unbelievable. I thought that the neighbours might come over and complain.
Freya put out an arm for me to help steady her; she did look as though she might collapse into a quivering pile of jelly. I switched the egg off.
When Freya got some way back to normal she said,
"Bloody hell Tanya; I think that I could get up to 15 in less than an hour with that thing. I really do have to get one of those."
I let her wallow in the aftermath for a few minutes then asked her for the egg and added,
"If I don't get started soon I won't have the energy to get to 15."
Freya squat down and squeezed. On the third attempt the egg popped out and fell on the floor. I rinsed the dirt from the floor off and squat down and pushed it in. When I stood up I gave Freya the Ben Wa balls (which I'd taken out when I was in the shower) and said,
"Your turn."
Freya took them and pushed them in.
"As far as you can." I added. "Remember, if you feel them slipping out, stop and clench your pussy. You should be able to keep them in with a bit of practice."
When Freya stood up she grabbed the egg's remote control and said,
"I'm going to have some fun with this."
I'd only known Freya for less than 24 hours but I trusted her, but at the same time I wondered if she had a cruel streak that I hadn't seen before; I hoped not.
"If you're going to read a book then I'm going to listen to my mp3 player." Freya said as she picked up her bag and we went out the back and set ourselves up on 2 sun loungers.
As we settled Freya told me that she'd never sunbathed naked before and was a bit worried that someone might see her.
"I've done it the last couple of days, and the week that we were here last year, and I've not had any problems." I said.
"Yeah, but you're an exhibitionist."
"I'm not an exhibitionist."
I'd just got into reading about Vanessa's Holiday in the South of France when Freya switched the egg on to low. I jumped a bit, smiled at Freya then got back to the story.
Five minutes later I couldn't concentrate on Vanessa and her friends having a race carrying wine bottles in their pussies and put the kindle down. I let Freya bring me to my third orgasm of the day. It was a good one, causing my muscles to spasm and my mouth to let out long moans.
As my body returned to normal and the Freya turned the egg off, I looked at Freya and saw a big grin on her face.
"I'm enjoying this; I'm going to have some fun with you today my girl."
"I enjoyed that as well, but please don't make me cum in front of strangers, it's so embarrassing." I replied.
"We'll see, I think that perhaps you secretly enjoy things like that." Freya said.
"No I don't, please don't do it Freya."
"We'll see." Freya said as she switched the egg back on, on low.
It was pointless picking up my kindle and I just lay there waiting for the inevitable fourth orgasm. I was just getting close as Freya turned the egg off.
I groaned and asked her why she'd done that.
"I want you to be a horny little exhibitionist all day. Besides, I don't want you to get worn out, or should I say orgasmed out too soon. Can a girl get orgasmed out? I've never had more than 4 in 1 day. What's the most that you've had in 1 day?"
"Eighteen, yesterday; I think. If I'm having lots all together I tend to loose count. I suppose that spreading them over a day helps me to keep track of how many." I said; "and I'm not an exhibitionist."
Freya grinned,
"Of course not. Oh, these Ben Whatsit balls aren't doing anything for me, I can hardly feel them."
"You won't, not just lying there. You have to move around to get them clunking together." I said.
"Shall we go for a walk then?" Freya asked.
"Okay, but it will have to be round the holiday park; I don't want to risk losing one of the balls."
"I can't go round the park, not like this."
"If I can then you can."
"No I can't, I don't look like a young kid."
"Tell you what, let's just go for a walk round this mobile home and see how it goes?"
"I can't."
"Yes you can."As I said that I got up I grabbed Freya's hand and pulled her up.
"No, I can't do this." Freya said.
"Yes you can." I replied; pulling Freya towards the end of the home.
"See, no one's looking. Move your hands; you'll attract attention to yourself."
"I thought that you said no one was looking."
"They aren't, so drop your hands."
We continued walking and Freya said,
"I can feel the balls clunking together. It feels nice."
We made it back to the sun loungers without incident and as we sat down Freya said,
"I enjoyed that, I've got a tingling."
"Shall we do it again?"
"NO! Once was quite enough for me; get back to your kindle."
I did, but 5 minutes later Freya turned the egg back on, on low.
I smiled and continued reading.
A few minutes later the egg vibrations increased. Two minutes after that number 4 arrived.
I got back to my kindle and started reading about Vanessa's trip to London. That reminded me of my time in a London hotel while Ryan was on another training course.
I was still wet from my previous orgasm, but instead of the fresh air drying me I was getting wetter; and hornier. If Freya didn't turn the egg off number 5 would arrive soon.
Freya must have seen what state I was in and instead of turning the egg off she turned it up to full. Number 5 hit me as I lay there with my legs open and Freya staring at me. Not content with giving me 1 orgasm, she left the egg switched on full until I'd had number 6. I was so glad when she finally turned it off; I was knackered.
"Enough, please Freya, I need a rest. I need to do something different for a while." I said. "How about we got for a walk?"
"Okay," Freya said, "I'll just put some clothes on then we can go for a wander around the site."
"I was thinking more of once more round the mobile home then out onto the beach. It's still only mid-morning and I haven't seen anyone go down to the beach yet."
"Okay, give me a second to put a skirt and top on then we'll go."
"No, you can come like that, you've been round the mobile home, and out onto the beach once today without any clothes on so you can do it again. You know that you want to Freya." I said.
"Yes and no, I like the idea but I don't want to be seen by anyone."
"Come on, I bet that you won't regret it, and those balls will take your mind of your lack of clothes."
"Weeeeell, okay then, can you go and have a look to see if anyone is out there?"
"Okay then."
I said and got up and went round the corner. I didn't go all the way, only out of sight of Freya. After standing there for a minute I went back and told her that no one was there.
"Let's go!" I said.
"Are you sure that it's clear?" Freya asked.
"Would I?"
"I'm not sure; I think that you're trying to turn me into another exhibitionist, like you." Freya said as she got up and walked over to me.
"I'm not an exhibitionist."
"Yeah, yeah."
We walked round the corner, out onto the main path through the site and I was both glad and sad that there was no one else there. Glad because I didn't really want anyone to see me, and sad because there was no one to see Freya. I wanted her to know what it was like to be naked in public.
We got round the back of the mobile home and then went onto the path to the beach. There were a few people there, but way off in the distance.
"We'll turn back before we get to them." Freya said as she walked swinging her arms.
After a minute or so she said,
"These balls are funny; every time they knock together I get this little jolt. I can see why you like them."
"So you've never been naked in public before Freya?"
"Not before today."
"How are you enjoying it?"
"It's a nice feeling and a scary feeling. I like the feeling of the warm air all over me, the freedom of having no clothes. I don't want to be seen by anyone but I do want to be seen by lots of people, especially men. I don't really understand it."
"Wait until you try swimming naked; now that IS a nice feeling." I said. "You're getting a bit turned-on by this, aren't you Freya?"
"Well yes, but I think that might just be the clunking in my pussy, how can you tell?"
"Your nipples are a bit of a giveaway."
Freya giggled then said,
"You must be turned-on as well then."
With that she turned the egg onto low. I saw her hand go to up to the control that was still hanging from her neck so it wasn't a surprise when it went on.
We kept walking. As we got closer to the people that were sunbathing, I expected Freya to say that she wanted to turn back, but she kept walking; even when we got close to a couple of teenage lads.
I looked at Freya's face, she was blushing, but she had that wanting, lustful look. I was sure that she wanted the lads to look at her. Her nipples certainly did, they looked rock hard.
As we got passed the lads Freya said,
"OMG! That was awesome. Did you see their faces as they looked at me? I could tell that one of them definitely had a boner. Oh shit, I'm gonna cum. Are they still looking at me?"
"Do you want them to look at you?"
"Fuck yes."
"Turn and look at them Freya."
Freya did turn, and she stood there shaking as the waves rushed over her.
I wasn't doing any better (or worse); the egg and Freya's condition got me cumming as well. I reached out to Freya and we held each other's hand as Freya's second and my seventh orgasm of the day took control of our bodies.
All that time Freya was staring at the lads. I wondered if they creamed their pants – that was if they knew what was happening.
We got control of our bodies back and started walking again.
"That was fucking awesome." Freya said; "now I know why you like being naked all the time."
"I don't like being naked all the time, I told you; it's Ryan that talks me into doing it."
"Whatever. You can't tell me that you didn't enjoy that."
"Of course I did, but I wouldn't have been here if it hadn't of been for Ryan. Oh, and can you turn the egg off please."
"It was your idea to go for a walk on the beach with both of us naked, and these things inside us."
I couldn't argue with that.
"Let's do it again." Freya said.
"What! No, no, I don't want to."
Freya grabbed my hand and we set-off running – away from the lads. After about 100 yards she turned us round and we set-off back, towards the holiday park, and those lads.
All of a sudden I felt the vibrations in the egg increase and realised what Freya was doing. The running was to get Ben Wa doing his job so that she was ready to cum again, and the turning the remote control up was to make sure that I'd cum as well.
We got closer and closer to the lads, and I could tell that I couldn't last much longer. I wanted to keep running past the lads but Freya stopped right in front of them. She was still holding my hand as she turned so that we were facing the lads. She'd timed it right and we both started cumming again. Freya's third and my eighth orgasm of the day. This time Freya got vocal; and I let out a couple of low moans.
The 2 lads just stared. One had a blank expression on his face but the other was grinning from ear to ear. As I calmed down I saw a wet patch on one of the lads shorts grow. I wondered if he'd creamed his pants.
When Freya was back to normal she said,
"Did you like that boys? Shame that's all you're going to get."With that Freya pulled my hand and we walked off. When we were out of hearing range Freya said,
"That was fucking awesome Tanya. Have you ever done anything like that?"
"If you turn the egg off I'll tell you about some of the times that my so-called friends have made me cum with people watching me," I said.
We walked back to the mobile home with me telling Freya about just a few of my humiliating experiences. On the way we saw 2 couples walking in the opposite direction. Both of the men looked at Freya's tits. Thankfully, none of them took any notice of me.
Back on the sun loungers Freya was really enjoying my humiliating memories. When I'd finished she said,
"Think of all those men who were lusting after your body, think of all those orgasms, and the fucking that you got afterwards. You really are a lucky girl."
"I don't feel it."
"You should, I wish that I had done half of what you've done."
It was lunchtime and we were both felling hungry. I didn't have much food in the kitchen
"Do you think that I could get away with going to the shop naked?" Freya asked.
"No, not naked, your bald pubes look like a little girl but those tits are too big for you to be a little girl; but you might get away with topless; people seem more tolerant at the coast."
"Yeah, I know what you mean. I saw a couple of topless women at the swimming pool the other day. Alfie couldn't take his eyes off them. Maybe I should let him look at mine; and my pussy. It's a long time since we saw each other without clothes on and I want to see what his cocks like these days."
"How will he seeing you naked get you to see his cock?"
"I'll do the 'I'll show you mine if you show me yours' thing. We can do it tomorrow, dad's going out but Alfie is supposed to be staying here, to keep me company."
Freya put on her skirt then said,
"Can I try on one of your skirts, this one is so heavy that there's no way that I'll be able to flash anyone."
I took Freya to where all the clothes that I brought with me were. There were 3 skirts and a few tops. Freya said,
"You didn't bring much with you; I guess that you knew you wouldn't be wearing much. Can I wear this as a skirt?"
Freya was holding the tube top that I'd brought.
"That's a top." I said.
"I know, but it will make a great skirt, just what I have in mind."
"Well okay, but it will look more like a belt than a skirt."
"That's what I'm hoping." Freya said.
And it did look like a belt. The top of her butt crack was showing and I'm sure that if she bent over, even the slightest bit, her butt would be showing. As for the front, With Freya stood up straight I could just about see a hint of her vulva. I wondered how much would be showing when she walked about.
We set of to the shop with me wearing absolutely nothing except for the egg; and Freya wearing only my skirt and my Ben Wa balls.
We got about half way there when those damn youths appeared again. This time they seemed more interested in Freya's tits. I saw Freya's hand go up to her chest, but it wasn't to cover her breasts, it was to switch the egg on. I wasn't expecting that and I jumped a little and gasped.
"Like what you see boys?" Freya asked them.
I don't think that they were expecting Freya to be so 'up front' and they just stood there staring and watched up walk passed them.
The egg was still purring away inside me as we went into the shop. There was only the man serving in the shop. He looked at both Freya and I but he never said anything about our state of dress. Freya must have decided to try to tease the man because she decided to bend over (at the waist with straight legs) to check something on a low shelf.
I nearly let out a gasp as I realised what both the shopkeeper and I could see. Freya's pussy was all swollen and wet. I looked over to the man and saw a slight grin on his face.
The show only lasted a few seconds before Freya stood up and said,
"I think that we'll just get a tin of sardines and a baguette;" and she went and got them as the man and I just watched.
"Tanya, can I have some money please?"
I went to the counter and opened my purse. As I gave the man some money I wondered if he could hear the egg vibrating away inside me. That thought made my AF rise. I had to get out of there. I certainly didn't want to have an orgasm standing in that shop, in front of that man.
We got about 10 yards away from the shop before it hit me. I was shaking and moaning. The problem was that those damn youths were still there.
"Is she cumming again?" One of the boys said.
"Err yes, but how did you know? It's her ninth time today." Freya said.
"Because we saw her on the swings yesterday and she cumming then."
"Tanya! You've been cumming in front of these teenagers; how could you? Haven't you got any morals?" Freya said.
I couldn't answer her. I was a little pre-occupied.
When I could talk I said,
"Listen who's talking, remember what you did on the beach a couple of hours ago. I bet that if I told you to go and sit on the swings and show your pussy to these teenagers you would, wouldn't you?"
"Come on Tanya; and come on boys. That's if you don't want to miss the show."
Freya grabbed my hand and almost dragged me to the kid's play area. Fortunately it wasn't far away, and there was no one there.
Freya took me to the swings and told me to sit on one of them. As soon as I was sat down she pushed me so that I was swinging backwards and forwards. The thing was, Freya hadn't turned the egg off. It was still on low, but Freya turned it up to full.
Freya got on the next swing and started swinging back and forwards. As she swung, her legs were wide open. I was sat on the swing next to her and I could see her pussy so the boys in front of her must have had a great view.
The egg got the better of me and I had my tenth orgasm of the day. Like the last time on the swing I was hanging on for dear life. I remember moaning and cursing as the boys just stared.
As the waves subsided I said,
"Turn it off Freya, pleeease."
Fortunately Freya took pity on me and turned the egg off.
"That was fun, now watch me." Freya said.
Freya's swinging was quite slow by then and she was able to let go of the chain with her right hand, which moved to her exposed pussy. She started frigging herself while the boys and I watched.
Freya's AF must have been high. Either the balls were working over-time, or she gets really turned on just by boys looking at her, because it didn't take long for her to cum.
All the time the teenagers just stared at her.
When she was done Freya got off the swing, pulled her 'skirt' back over her butt and told me to get off my swing. Then she turned to the teenagers and said,
"Okay, shows over; go and have a wank somewhere."
With that she picked up the bag with our lunch in it, grabbed my hand and we walked away, leaving 2 stunned youths.
As we got out of earshot Freya said,
"That was fun; we'll have to do that again before we leave."
"And you call me an exhibitionist." I said.
We got back to the mobile home, made lunch and sat on the sun loungers eating. Oh, Freya had taken her 'skirt' off as soon as we'd got back.
"So how many are you up to today Tanya?"
"Ten;" I replied, "Only another 5 and I'll get another dress out of Ryan.
"Good," Freya replied, "We'll have to get the next 5 over quickly; I'd like to borrow that egg – if you don't mind."
With that Freya turned the egg on to full for a few seconds.
"Don't want you forgetting what's coming, or should I say cumming." Freya said.
Lunch over we decided to go to the swimming pool. Freya decided that she'd go topless, but couldn't decide whether to wear her bikini bottoms or my tube top as a skirt again. In the end she decided on my tube top, taking her bikini bottoms in case she wanted to go for a swim or into the jacuzzi.
When we got to the pool we commandeered 2 sun loungers and lay there, Freya listening to her music and me starting to read about Vanessa's life. We'd both crossed our ankles when we'd got on the sun loungers and after a few minutes I saw that Freya was rhythmically squeezing her legs together. I wondered it that was making the steel balls clunk together.
About 15 minutes later I realised that I had uncrossed my legs and my knees had drifted apart. Vanessa's adventures were getting me horny.
Freya must have noticed because I suddenly felt the egg start vibrating.
"Oh no, not here, not with all these people around." I thought, but it was too late. Freya had got me started again, and she turned the egg up to take me to my peak.
I put the kindle down and gripped the sides of the sun lounger waiting for the inevitable. Freya was ignoring me but she had a slight grin on her face. She was looking around to see if anyone was looking at me.
I was beyond caring as number 11 hit me. My knuckles went white as I tried to stay still and quiet. I just about managed it and I don't think that anyone noticed.
As I returned to normal I looked at Freya. The grin was still there, her nipples looked very erect and her legs were no longer crossed. Anyone who cared to look must have been able to get a great view of her pussy. I guessed that it would be nearly as swollen and wet as mine.
Then I saw that Freya's stomach was jerking to a constant rhythm. After a few puzzled seconds I decided that she was clenching and un-clenching her pussy muscles. I guessed that doing that was clunking the steel balls together inside her. I continued to watch her, occasionally looking round to see if anyone was looking at us. No one was.
Freya started shaking and she too gripped the side of the sun lounger. I grinned as Freya reached her climax. Fortunately she managed a quiet one. I hate to think what would have happened if she'd been as noisy as she'd been earlier.
The egg was still on full throttle and I approaching number 12. I was getting tired as well. My knuckles went white again as I fought to stay still and quiet.
I think that I managed not to attract any unwanted attention.
"Time for a swim Freya;" I said, "and please switch the damn egg off."
Fortunately, Freya did then she said,
"I'll have to change into my bikini bottoms."
With that she got the bikini bottoms out of her bag, stood up, pulled her 'skirt' right off then put the bottoms on. She may only have been totally naked for a couple of seconds, but she did attract the attention of one man who I saw staring at her.
We dived in and it was so good to relax knowing that the egg was switched off and that the control was in Freya's bag.
We stayed in the water for about 15 minutes before Freya wanted to go into the jacuzzi. As we climbed out I noticed that Freya's bikini bottoms were hanging quite low, she'd probably not tied the strings very tight and when the material got wet it had slid down revealing the top of her butt crack and part of her hairless pubes.
The warm bubbles felt great; if the swimming pool was relaxing then the jacuzzi was heaven. I sat there with my head back on the edge of the jacuzzi and my eyes closed. It was wonderful.
When I opened my eyes and looked at Freya I saw her bikini bottoms in a heap on the side of the jacuzzi. One of her arms was out of the water and the other was under the water. By the look on her face that hand was frigging her pussy.
After a minute or so Freya's face got a satisfied smile on it. A few seconds later Freya said,
"Your turn; I want to see you cum again my little exhibitionist. How many is it so far today then, 11 or 12?"
"Twelve actually; and you've got the nerve to call me an exhibitionist after that little display on the sun lounger. Wearing that belt and showing what you were showing made you look more naked than actually being naked. At least I look like a kid. With those tits you definitely look like a gorgeous woman... And how many are you up to today?"
"I think it's about 5 or 6, I'm not really counting. Come on then, I want you to get up to your 15 so that I can borrow that egg."
It was only early afternoon and I was up to 12 orgasms. I thought about another new dress as my right hand descended to my clit.
I was just getting worked up when a middle-aged man came and climbed into the jacuzzi. I looked down and checked that the bubbles were hiding what I was doing then continued. As I frigged myself I looked at the man. I hadn't seen him around the pool so I wondered if he realised that he was sat opposite 2 naked young women.
I looked at Freya and saw a glazed face; I smiled and assumed that she was doing the same as I was.
When number 13 arrived I managed to keep my mouth shut and the jerks and shaking were all under the bubbles. My face however wasn't, and I must have had a few unusual facial expressions as the man asked me if I was okay. I waited until I was capable of giving a coherent response and told him that I was okay.
After a few minutes rest I decided that I was going for number 14. I'd just got into it when Freya decided that she was getting out. She tuned and picked up her bikini bottoms the stood up. The expression on the man's face was priceless. There was no way that he was expecting Freya to be naked. Freya's pussy was about 2 feet from his face for a couple of seconds before she climbed out and walked back to the sun lounger with her bikini bottoms screwed-up in her hand.
When she got there she wrapped her towel round herself and sat down. I saw her reach for the remote control and was surprised that it could communicate with the egg with me being in the jacuzzi. The egg burst into life, on full blast.
It wasn't long before I was cumming again, but this time my hand was cupping my throbbing pussy under the water. Number 14 was a really intense one and the man opposite was staring at my screwed-up face all the time. At least I managed to stay quiet.
Freya must have realised that I'd just cum because I saw her grinning and holding the remote control up. She switched the egg off and I relaxed. After a minute or so I decided to join Freya. I wanted to get out and over to the sun lounger without anyone seeing me but that was impossible so I just did what Freya had done.
I didn't look at the man as I put my pussy 2 feet in front of his face. I just climbed out and walked.
I lay on the sun lounger next to Freya and breathed a sigh of relief. I told Freya that I wanted to go back to the mobile home. Freya agreed and stood up; the towel still wrapped round her.
Somehow we managed to get back to the mobile home without either Freya switching the egg on, or her taking the towel off and showing the world her tits and pussy.
Once there Freya dropped the towel and led me out the back.
"How many are you up to Tanya?"
"Fourteen."
"Oh goody; 1 more to go. Come on."
Freya grabbed my hand and the 2 naked girls walked out onto the beach. Just as we got on to the sand Freya switched the egg on. Fortunately there weren't that many people near us because I jumped a little.
"I want your last egg induced orgasm of the day to be outside, in totally natural surroundings, with perhaps the odd 1 or 2 strangers watching you."
"Please Freya; can we go back to the mobile home? I'm tired and I was to rest for a while."
"No my little exhibitionist you're going to cum right here; at one with nature."
With that Freya turned the egg up to full blast and I had no choice but to accept the inevitable. Freya was still holding my hand and she slowly led me along down the beach to the water's edge.
We didn't make it because I stopped and started shaking; my arms and legs jerking as number 15 hit me. I nearly collapsed onto the sand but Freya held me up.
A passing young couple must have thought that I was having some sort of epileptic fit because the woman asked Freya if I was okay. When I heard the woman ask I was expecting Freya to tell her what was really happening, but instead she said,
"Yes, thank you, she's just practising for play that she's in. She plays the part of a girl that fakes illness to get money out of people. Thank you."
The couple obviously bought it because they kept walking.
Freya left the egg on at full blast as my spasms subsided a little then rose up again. I dropped to my knees (spread wide) and let out a few low moans. I wanted to scream out but I wasn't going to do that out there.
Finally Freya turned the egg off as she stood in front of me grinning. As I calmed down she said,
"Your pussy's been blowing little bubbles in your juices as they've been flooding out; look."
I looked down and saw that there were some little bubbles in my juices. I quickly stood up and squeezed my legs together.
"Now you've got your 15 can I borrow the egg please? I want some of that fun." Freya asked.
"Yes, but I'm not squeezing it out, down here; let's go back to the mobile home."
We walked back and then squeezed out the foreign bodies that were inside our bodies. I cleaned them up then put new batteries in the egg. Passing it to Freya I held it out and said,
"Swap this for the control; I want to make you suffer like you did me."
Freya grinned, passed me the control and said,
"I hope so."
"So where and how do you want to start Freya?" I asked.
"How about right here and now?"
I switched the egg on at low power. Even though Freya was watching me she still jumped a bit.
"Let's go for a walk." Freya said, and headed outside and towards the beach.
I was glad that she chose the beach because there was more chance of her getting away with being naked on the beach than in amongst the mobile homes.
We hadn't got more than 50 yards when Freya asked me to turn the egg up, so I did, on to full. Thirty seconds layer Freya stopped walking and started shaking.
"Oh fuck, shit, fuck, fuck, aaarrrggghhhh, oooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhh."
Freya put out a hand for me to grab, she needed a bit of support. I turned the egg down but Freya said,
"No.......... back up to full......... please."
So I did, and Freya dropped to the sand. She lay there on her back; legs spread wide, and just shook and jerked. It was a good job that no one else was nearby. I could see her juices flowing out of her pussy.
After a good 30 seconds there was no sign of Freya's spasms stopping. After another 30 seconds I decided to turn the egg off, Freya looked like she was about to collapse and die. It took another minute for the spasms to stop and for her to look almost normal.
"That was fucking amazing." Freya finally said, "It was like I was on a different planet; nothing seemed real. It was wonderful."
"Ready for another?"
"No, yes, no; give me a minute please. Let's go back to the mobile home; I want to find a man to do that in front of him."
"You can't go walking around the holiday park like that; you'll get arrested. You'll have to put your bikini bottoms on."
"I'll wear your tube top as a skirt again; I don't want my pussy covered. I want a man to see it as I'm cumming."
"Bloody hell girl. Listen to yourself; and you've got the nerve to call me an exhibitionist."
"I never said that I wasn't one."
"True."
"Besides, I wasn't one until I met you. Look what you've turned me into Tanya."
"Don't go blaming me Freya; I didn't ask you to strip off and flaunt your body in front of those young men."
"No you didn't, but if you hadn't been naked then I wouldn't have thought of doing it."
"Hey Freya, that's not my fault, I didn't want to spend all my time naked and to cum 15 times a day."
"Yes you did, you want those new dresses."
"Well yeah, but........."
"But nothing; you wouldn't have done it if you didn't want to Tanya."
"It was a bet, a challenge' of course I've got to do it."
"Not if you really didn't want to."
Fortunately we'd got back to the mobile home by then because I didn't know what to say; so I switched the egg back on, on low.
"Take that bitch." I said.
"Slut." Freya said; and turned and kissed me full on the lips, before turning and picking up a towel off a sun lounger.
"Can you rub the sand off my back and butt please Tanya?"
When I'd finished I went and got the tube top for Freya to wear as a skirt. She put it on and we walked out onto the main path through the holiday park.
"Oooow, that's nice." Freya said as she rubbed her stomach.
I hadn't noticed before but Freya's nipples were very big and they looked hard. I smiled and felt mine remind me that they were there.
A couple of people passed us and didn't take any notice of our state of dress. By the time we'd got near the entrance Freya's skirt had ridden up and her pussy was on display.
"Let's go out onto the main road." Freya said in a kind of suggestive way. The egg must have started to get at her and I wondered what exhibitionistic thing she was thinking of.
As we walked down the road a car with a couple of young men in it beeped its horn and the men shouted something at us. I couldn't understand what they actually said, but I could guess what sort of thing it was.
"Can we go back now?" I asked.
"Not yet, I haven't cum yet." Freya replied.
"I can soon fix that." I said, and turned the egg up to full blast.
Freya's arousal had been simmering nicely and it didn't take long for her suddenly shout,
"Oh fuck!" and she start cumming.
No sooner than she'd started, a car pulled up alongside us. It was the car with the 2 young men it that had passed by a couple of minutes previously. One of the men started to ask for some directions, but stopped speaking as soon as he saw Freya shaking all over.
"Is she okay?" He asked.
"Oh yeah, she's just cumming." I replied. It was really nice to not be the centre of attraction.
The 3 of us just watched Freya shaking and listening to her moans and expletives. She went on for ages and I was wondering if it was because she was stood there, naked, in front of 2 unknown young men. Then I remembered that the egg was still on full blast. I reached for the control and switched it off.
Freya's reaction was almost immediate. She started coming down from her high.
When she was just about back to normal, the young man asked us where some place that I'd never heard of was. I told him so and grabbed Freya's arm and started pulling her towards the holiday park."Was that good enough for you?" I asked Freya.
"That was so cool; I want to do it again." Freya replied.
"The chances of 2 more young men stopping their car alongside us in the next 5 minutes are so remote that it just ain't going to happen. Let's get back to the mobile home."
Freya didn't object as I led her though the park to the mobile home. We passed a few people but no one took much notice of us.
No sooner than we'd gone through the door Freya took her skirt (my tube top) off and asked me for the control. She switched the egg back on and went out the back and lay on one of the sun loungers.
Freya was obviously craving more orgasms because she was jerking about in pleasure for the next half hour or so. I just lay on the other sun lounger, rested, and read Vanessa's story 'If only I knew then what I know now.' That got me horny and about half way through the story I realised that my hand had gone to my pussy and my fingers were playing with my clit.
By the time that I got to the end of the story I was so close that I just kept going and gave myself number 16. As I calmed down I saw that Freya had stopped making herself cum and was watching me with a contented look on her face.
We both lay there for a while, soaking up the late afternoon sun. It was Freya that broke the silence by saying,
"Let's go for a gentle stroll, no egg and no Ben Wa balls; just a relaxing stroll."
"Okay, but you'll have to take it out, and put a skirt on Freya."
"Okay." Freya said and she stood up, squat down and squeezed the egg out. Catching it she put it to her mouth and licked it.
"I taste quite nice really."
We went inside. Freya put the egg on the table then my top round her hips and we left. We slowly wandered round the paths, talking about boys, sex, orgasms and her brother Alfie. Apparently Freya's father was going off golfing on his own the next day, leaving both of them behind. I asked Freya what she was going to do but she hadn't decided. She wanted to spend the day with me but didn't want to abandon Alfie.
"Bring him along."
As soon as I'd said it I realised that I was inviting a 17 or 18 year old young man to look at me naked all day. What's more, if I was going to complete Ryan's challenge, and get myself another dress, I was inviting that man to watch me have 15 orgasms. What the hell was I thinking?
"Yeah, I could," Freya said, "he hasn't seen me without clothes on for years, maybe it's time to educate him. What about you Tanya, could you put up with a horny teenager staring at you all day?"
"Yeah no problem." I stupidly replied. Of course I minded; I didn't want a young man watching me cum multiple times. Even once was once too many.
We found ourselves near the kids play area and those 2 damn youths were there again. They weren't on the equipment; they were messing about near some big trees at the other end. One of them was trying to climb up a tree.
For some reason, Freya guided me over to the teenagers. As we got close I looked over to Freya and saw her tweak her nipples. The minx wanted them to see her nipples all hard. I looked down at mine and saw that they were already hard. I also saw that my top had worked its way up a bit and the front of Freya's slit was on display. I guessed that this was going to be a 'Freya showing-off' session. I didn't mind that, at least it took the attention away from me.
"Whatchya doin?" Freya asked.
"What does it look like?" One of the youths replied.
"I bet that either of us 2 can climb higher that he can." Freya said pointing at the youth just off the ground in the tree.
"Bet you can't." Another youth said.
"Right then, you see how high you can get then we'll show you how it's done."
"Yeah right." One of the youths said. "Get out of the way Ben I'm going to show these 2 girls what a man can do."
I smiled to myself and had a good look at the tree. The branches started quite low and there were enough of them; although some looked quite far apart. I reckoned that I could climb it.
The first problem that the youth had was getting onto the first branch. Its height was such that the youth had to jump up, grab the branch and pull himself up onto it. It was difficult for him, but he managed it.
Five minutes later he was as far as he could get and he started to come down.
"Beat that." The youth said.
"Off you go Tanya, you can get higher." Freya said.
"Why me, you were the one saying that you could beat the youths." I said.
"I'll climb it in a minute, you go first." Freya almost ordered.
I went to the tree and jumped up. I grabbed the branch and pulled myself up so that my waist was over the branch. Then I swung my right leg out and up, and got my foot on the branch. All I had to do was push myself up so that I could start climbing from there, but Freya suddenly shouted,
"Stop! Hold it there Tanya; I just need to do something."
The thing was, my left leg was hanging straight down and my right leg was at 90 degrees with my foot on the branch. In other words, my pussy was spread wide.
"Hey youths," Freya said, "time for a human anatomy lesson."
"What! No Freya; don't do this; let me climb up."
But Freya grabbed my left leg and stopped me from climbing. Meanwhile the 2 youths had moved in close and were looking up at my spread pussy.
I felt Freya pull my pussy lips apart then she started describing all the parts using the medical names and the slang names. When she got to my clit she pulled on the hood and said,
"What have we got here? Tanya, have you been pierced?
"Err yes, my nipples too."
Freya then explained to the youths what piercing was before pulling and pushing my clit to let them have a good look. All that attention to my clit got my juices flowing and they started seeping out of me. My now wet pussy gave Freya the excuse to explain to the youths why I'd got wet and what the effect it had for something going into a pussy. She started to finger fuck me right in front of these 2 teenage youths.
Fortunately she stopped before I got close to cumming. I didn't want the humiliation of cumming with their faces a couple of feet from my pussy.
Anatomy lesson over, Freya let go of my ankle, slapped my butt, and said,
"Go girl; show these 2 how to climb a tree."
And I did, I got a bit higher than the youth had before deciding that the point was proved, and climbing down.
When I landed on the ground I turned to Freya and said,
"Okay, Freya, prove that you're good at climbing trees as well."
Freya grinned, looked at the 2 youths and said,
"Watch closely gentlemen."
Freya jumped for the first branch and stretched her leg up, then stopped, as if she was waiting for something. I suddenly realised that she was waiting for me to do to her what she'd done to me. I grabbed her ankle and said,
"Okay boys, come over here and show me what you've learnt. Touch each part and tell me what it's called."
One youth stepped forward and hesitatingly put a finger out close to Freya's pussy.
"Go on, it won't bite."
The youth touched Freya's labia and she let out a soft moan.
"Don't be shy; use both hands to open her up." I said.
The youth got more confident and started telling me what each part was called. When he got to Freya's clit I said,
"Rub it, and pull it; she won't mind."
I watched as Freya's pussy got wetter and more swollen. A couple more moans escaped from her mouth.
"Do what she did to me." I said.
The youth looked nervous so I said,
"It's okay she likes it when you do that. Listen to her moaning; that's a happy moan.
The youth's index finger slowly disappeared inside Freya.
"Move it in and out." I instructed.
He did, and I saw Freya get wetter.
"Okay, stop now. It's time to let your mate have a go."
Youth one stepped back and youth two eagerly moved in. He was more confident and quickly went through naming Freya's bits. When he got to her clit he rubbed and pulled and squeezed. Freya's moaning told us that she was enjoying it.
"Okay, that's enough of that, finger fuck her." I instructed the youth.Freya was getting really turned on, but when I thought that she was getting close to cumming I stopped the youth.
"Okay, female anatomy lesson over. Now just look."
"Tanya, why did you stop him I was just getting close?" Freya asked,
"I know." I said with a grin on my face.
"Bitch."
Freya pulled herself onto the branch and just stood there with her feet wide apart. I could see her very wet pussy and inner thighs. If I could see that then the youths could see it as well.
"I've decided that I don't want to climb this tree anymore; instead I'll just frig myself right here." Freya said, and she did.
As the 2 youths and I watched she masturbated to an orgasm with her right hand while her left hand was used to stop herself from falling off the branch.
Personal satisfaction taken care of Freya jumped down and started walking off.
"Come on Tanya, I'm starting to get bored here."
As we walked off towards Freya pulled her 'skirt' down so that her pussy and butt were covered.
"So Tanya, have you got your clit and nipple jewellery with you?" Freya asked.
"Yes."
"Will you put them on, or is it in, when we get back?"
"If you want, but I daren't wear it outside the mobile home because it will attract attention and people might start thinking that I'm not a little kid."
"Wear it all day tomorrow; it's your last day here and it doesn't matter if you get asked to leave."
"Let me think about that, I don't know that I want the attention. Besides, aren't you going to have Alfie with you tomorrow?"
"I'm sure that he won't mind."
"Yeah, but I might."
We were soon back at the mobile home and realised that we were starting to get hungry. While I went and got my jewellery Freya phoned the on-site restaurant and ordered a pizza to be delivered. I told Freya that I'd stay in the bedroom while it was delivered. Freya laughed and said that she'd better get ready. Her version of ready was to get totally naked.
"I'm going to enjoy this;" she said then added "So did it hurt when you got pierced?"
"It did a bit, and I was sore for a few days, but it wasn't that bad," I told her.Freya had one of the barbells and stirrups in her hands and was unscrewing it.
"Doesn't it feel funny when you have those chains dangling from your nips and clit?" Freya asked.
"At first it does, then you get used to it; but when the chain slides against your skin, or bounces against it, it reminds you that they're there, and what they're attached to. It's even better if something or someone gently tugs on the chain."
By that time the chain was dangling from my clit and Freya reached over and gently tugged it.
"Like this you mean?"
"Yeah, just like that." I replied.
Freya continued gently pulling the chain in all directions. When it rubbed against my clit it felt good.
"Stop it, I said, "I can't concentrate on getting this through the hole in my nipple."
"Let me help." Freya said.
Freya started playing with my left nipple, slowly teasing me as she slowly inserted the barbell and hooked the stirrup and chain on. Then she started gently tugging on each of the 3 chains in turn.
"Have you ever cum just by someone playing with the chains?"
"No, but if you don't stop doing that there might be a first time."
Freya didn't stop. She kept going and my AF kept rising.
"I'm gonna cum." I said and just started to cum when someone knocked on the door.
"Come in." Freya shouted.
The door opened and in came this gorgeous young man. When he saw us he stopped dead in his tracks and just stared. I wasn't so lucky; I couldn't stop cumming with number 17.
Freya stood back and the pair of them watched me.
"Looks good doesn't she?" Freya asked the man.
"So do you." He replied.
When I finally calmed down the man looked at me and said,
"You I recognise, I've seen you walking around the site. I take it that you're still being punished? Was that little performance part of the punishment? And what's with the chains?"
Before I could answer – even if I'd wanted to, the man turned to Freya and said,
"I haven't seen you before. Are you being punished too?"
"No, I just want to be like this. I like men looking at me." Freya said.
"Wow! We don't get many like you out here. I'd look at you two all day if I could. Are you going to put on a bit of a performance like your friend here?"
"And what sort of performance were you thinking of?" Freya asked as she walked over to the man who still had the pizza box in his hand.
The man adjusted his cock in his trousers as Freya continued,
"How about I give you a blowjob while my little friend here makes herself cum again?"
"Works for me." The man said.
"Oh, and we get the pizza for free."
"You do what you just said and we've got a deal."
The man put the pizza box down as Freya went and knelt in front of him. I hadn't wanted to frig myself in front of the man, but Freya had done a deal with him; besides, he'd just seen me cum, so I kept Freya's side of the bargain. I was still 'high' from cumming a couple of minutes previous, and the sight of Freya getting the man's hard cock out of his trousers and engulfing it with her mouth made making myself cum with number 18 quite quick and easy. I guess that the man watching me helped as well.
It wasn't such an intense orgasm, but it certainly was one.
It didn't take Freya long to make him cum, and she swallowed every drop.
"Do you want a go Tanya?" Freya asked.
"No, it's okay, my boyfriend wouldn't approve.
"Shame." The man said as he put his softening cock away and zipped up.
"Thanks for the appetiser." Freya said as she led the man to the door.
When he was gone I said,
"Wow Freya, I wasn't expecting that. You certainly do like exposing yourself, and me."
"Yeah, and I didn't think that you mind; you certainly seemed to enjoy it." Freya said.
"Can we have the pizza now please?"
"Yeah then I'll have to go, dad and Alfie will be back soon."
"Are you going back dressed like that?"
"I'd love to, but I don't think that my father would approve. As for Alfie, we'll see tomorrow."
"What do you mean by that?" I asked.
"I'm not sure yet, but whichever way it goes I know that we'll all have a good time."
I was a bit concerned by that comment, but I let it go. We finished the pizza and Freya put her (her) skirt, tank top and trainers on and left. In a way I was looking forward to the next day, but at the same time I didn't want it to happen.
I cleared up, had a shower, texted Ryan and settled in bed with my kindle. Reading about Vanessa's adventures got me gently playing with clit and brought myself to a slow and gentle nineteenth orgasm.