It was after noon before Maria dropped Irene off at her office. Except that she'd taken off early on Friday (only to find she had to wait for Maria who was late) and then arrived at work late today -- it didn't feel like she'd been gone much longer than normal. Her email inbox, which normally got handled almost immediately, seemed to say otherwise. The entire page was full of innocuous every-day stuff, mostly handled with a quick glance and delete, until she saw the email from Tina with the title: "Did you see it?"
See what? She thought, but when she clicked it open, she found it was a copy and paste of an email from corporate to her, Tina, Ryan, Lori and Sherry, advising them of the planned upcoming meeting for the 5 of them in Oslo. Clicking out of the email, she paged down, finding Tina's original email quite obvious at the very beginning of the unread emails, the time tag saying it had arrived less than 20 minutes after she left a bit early on Friday. She'd only received a couple of "Personal and Confidential" emails in all her years with the company, which explained why Tina had copied and pasted rather than forwarding as their email system blocked anyone from opening a Personal and Confidential tagged mail except by the original addressee. Red letters made it stick out as different, and with a lock showing, even the IT guys (supposedly) couldn't open and read unless they were logged in as the person it was addressed to. She had her doubts about that, several times over the years she'd had to ask IT for help on different things, and they'd done something that supposedly couldn't be done. Although, she admitted to herself, they had consistently been unable to help with problems on the new program, she'd had to go back to the company that provided it when something went wrong. So far, that had only happened once to her.
The email asked to reply with confirmation that she would be attending, and corporate travel would then arrange for transportation and lodging. The distance of travel was such that overseas travelers would need to travel on Saturday to allow a bit of jet lag reduction and to be available for Monday meetings. European travelers could travel on Sunday, even spending most of the day at home, if desired. She immediately responded with a yes with an "early flight preferred," without reasoning why her heart had suddenly taken a leap or that despite just having completed a weekend of non-stop sex she had felt her pussy gush in heat and wetness. Clicking out of that e-mail, she realized that, just minutes after that corporate e-mail had arrived and long before Tina's, an email had arrived from Ryan with the subject "Going?" His note inside just said "Hope you're going. Looking forward to spending some quality time with 'The Boss.'" She giggled at his having capitalized and putting quotes around "The Boss."
Despite just having spent an entire weekend having unfettered sex with Carmen and Maria the additional rush of arousal, knowing that she'd soon be meeting Ryan again, left her tingling. From her desk she knew she was virtually invisible to anyone else in the office, but dropping her hand to her leg, stroking the inside of her thigh, caused her eyes to roam around the office. If anything, her touch just increased her arousal. Slipping her hand further up her leg, under her skirt, her fingers made contact with her panties and she realized that, just in that very short period of time, she'd already managed to get them wet. Perhaps not soaking, but her juices had definitely made them damp. Pushing against and around her clit through her panty, images of Ryan pummeled her brain; his hands fondling her breasts, his fingers tweaking and pulling her nipples; his tongue dancing on her clit, his cock filling her and taking her to pleasures beyond anything that Maria and Carmen had given her. Thoughts of her tongue swirling around his cock head as it filled her mouth, so deliciously pleasuring him until his cum burst into her mouth filled her mind as her body exploded in ecstasy from her fingers on her clit. An orgasm washed over her, shudders running through her body. She realized that for the first time ever she'd masturbated, in her office, at work. Afraid that someone might have noticed she let her eyes travel around the office, inadvertantly finding her co-worker Lidia walking in through the security door, her eyes latching on to hers as she did. She must have seen something as she detoured from her normal route directly to Irene's office.
"You OK Irene?"
"I'm fine," she answered, her hands once again out in the open, the squishy wetness of her panties now magnified. "I didn't have lunch as I was so late, and I think my stomach was protesting. I think I'll go get a bite."
What's gotten over me? She thought as she stepped into the toilet and locked the door on the unisex toilet.I just masturbated at my desk! Sitting down on the toilet she pulled her panties down, finding that they were, indeed, soaked. She slipped them totally off, catching a whiff of her own arousal as she did. Lifting them closer to her nose she remembered Ryan telling her that he loved the smell of her pussy when she was aroused. She realized there must be something to this pheromone thing she'd read about. It wasn't a strong smell, but if she could smell her arousal -- could others? Now there was no way to tell -- with her panties in the open, no longer under her skirt, she couldn't perceive odors the same way that others could. She wiped to dry herself before she stepped over to the sink and rinsed her panties out. That immediately helped defray the faint odor in the room, but now left her with wet panties. There was no way they were dry enough after she wrung them out to put them back on; she knew, when she sat, the extra moisture would press through into her skirt. She tried to dry them a bit with a towel, unsuccessfully, and finally rolled them into a damp ball and slipped them way down inside her purse. Stepping over to the door she hesitated momentarily, the feeling of being naughty and about to step back into the office without panties on causing another burst of heat.I've got to stop this, she thought, and opened the door. She turned to the cafeteria instead of going directly back to her desk.
She shifted as she slipped back into her chair half an hour later, feeling her naked bottom sliding against her skirt instead of her panties slipping against her skirt. Normally, it wouldn't have even been noticed, except that without panties on,everythingseemed different. Despite having masturbated earlier, the naughtiness of being without panties at work sent another wave of arousal through her body.
"OMG!" she sent to Tina, explaining that she'd left early Friday and had just gotten back into the office and was getting caught up on emails right then.
Sorting the email by sender popped up yet another mail from Ryan where he said that his travel plans had been already been confirmed for Saturday evening departure and, with an overnight flight, he'd be arriving just after noon on Sunday.
Just having received this email from Ryan confirming his travel plans made it that much more real. Sitting back, she recognized her own arousal had increased. She could feel the wetness in her pussy, not contained by panties as she no longer had any on, and realized that Oscar was going to love life that evening. Now, without having to tell him how she'd spent the weekend eating her first pussy (or rather, two,) having her clit tantalized by Maria and Carmen, having experienced being fucked by a strap on -- and truly enjoying it - she'd be able to explain her extreme arousal and demand of his tongue on her clit was due to this upcoming conference in just a few weeks. He would understand perfectly that she was planning on going to spend the week in bed with Ryan, and would be almost as excited about it as she was.
Clicking over to her personal e-mail, she logged in and found messages from Ryan and Tina both. She clicked Ryan's first, finding him excited and horny for her and saying he couldn't wait to see her.
Tina's message was a bit less certain. Trying to allow Irene to back out of her previous offer of sharing Ryan with her, she said she had told her husband about her offer to share, and that he's said to 'go for it,' but she understood if Irene had changed her mind and didn't want that to happen. She also said that she and her husband already had a weekend skiing getaway planned for the weekend following the conference. Just a couple hours from Oslo, the cabin they were staying in had two double beds and, if she could arrange it, they wouldn't mind if she and Ryan wanted to come with them. She didn't even have to think about it; it had been several years since she and Oscar had gone skiing in Switzerland, but she always loved those winter getaways. Before answering Tina, she immediately sent the return note to Ryan and proposed the same thing. Glancing at the clock she realized that it was 6 am in San Francisco and figured she wouldn't receive an answer for a couple of hours.
~
She hadn't ever really thought too much about the value that corporate was placing on their group until her itinerary showed a business class seat. Out of curiosity she googled trips from Barcelona, and from San Jose, to Oslo and gasped at the cost. It wasn't that bad for her, just a couple of hundred Euro extra, however Ryan's, and presumably Lori's, were severalthousandsmore. Having a business class window seat allowed her to comfortably see the city, the fjord, and the snow-covered mountains as they approached Oslo. Seeing multiple planes already at the terminal, she wondered momentarily if Ryan's plane had been on time. He'd sent a note as they were about to leave Chicago where he'd joined up with Lori coming from Atlanta, so she knew they'd departed on time, but not unexpectedly hadn't heard anything since. She shook her head again at the marvel that she was close to arriving in Oslo at the same time as Lori and Ryan, but Ryan and Lori would be approaching Oslo from the north while her flight was from the south. It seemed strange that with Lori in Atlanta and almost 5,000 km's further east of Ryan, in San Jose, that by flying northwest to Chicago, and then flying almost straight north over the hump of the earth it actually became a shorter flight. She frowned to herself a bit, knowing that Lori and Ryan would be arriving together, meaning that her thoughts of having Ryan to herself, for at least the rest of the day, probably wasn't quite what was going to happen.
She immediately checked for a message from Ryan as she exited the plane and made her way towards baggage claim, disappointed in that there was nothing awaiting. Typing her own text, she sent him word that she was in the terminal and on her way to baggage claim. Hitting send, in just seconds, a return text told her they had just cleared Norwegian customs, along with their baggage, and would meet her shortly.
The broad smile on Ryan's face at seeing her caused her to beam in greeting in return as he extended an arm and pulled her into a hug. She barely even noticed Lori, but a moment later turned to Ryan's shadow partner, receiving a knowing smile from her. "So," Lori smirked, "I guess you two probably aren't interested in dinner tonight?"
"We'll call you later," Ryan acknowledged with a smile.
"Sounds good," Lori replied with a smirk, "Irene and I are supposed to be sharing a room this week, so... uh... if you get tired of being alone in your room, you can callus." That she was poking fun at them there was no doubt, Irene once again bashfully pulled her lower lip between her teeth. Although every one of her three female colleagues knew about their relationship, she still had a hard time admitting in front of others that she was having an affair with Ryan.
~
"Oh my god!" Ryan exclaimed. They'd barely been able to control their passion when the door to the hotel room has swung shut. His hands and mouth had been all over her body almost immediately, unbuttoning and pulling her blouse off, the thin translucent bra underneath not hiding the diamond nipple decorations that he'd purchased and that she'd worn underneath for him. His arms had gone around her, his kisses concentrating on the tops of her breasts and the valley between, at least until he got the clasp loose. His face and chin pushed her bra aside so his mouth could find her nipples. His tongue and teeth had her gasping and dripping wet immediately, but it wasn't until he'd stripped her pants and panties off, pushing her now totally naked onto the bed, that he'd seen the ruby colored jewel decorating her bottom. He'd been leaning in to go down on her and apparently the jeweled butt plug had become visible.
Despite that Maria hadmadeher purchase the training plugs and jeweled butt plug -- (although truthfully Maria hadn'tmadeher do anything she hadn't want to,) she hadn't tried any of them until their return from Muxtamiel and found they'd all been called to Oslo for a team meeting. In Muxtamiel she had witnessed anal sex for the first time -- up close andalmostpersonal -- as Maria had first gone down on her, and then flipped over into a 69 -- only to have Carmen slip the smaller cock onto the strap on and take Maria's ass -- all while Irene was licking Maria's pussy just inches away. She'd closed her eyes to begin with, but when the obvious extended orgasm of Maria hadn't slowed down, even when she had eased off on tonguing her clit, she'd opened her eyes again to see the phallus, covered with extra lubricant, slipping in and out of Maria's asshole.
She'd never seen a strap-on before, let alone used one, but obviously Carmen and Maria had. Carmen especially liked wearing it and fucking her lovers with it, of which she did Maria, both in her ass and her pussy, a couple of times.
Later, when Carmen had fucked Maria's ass a second time, she'd asked Irene if she wanted to try it and she'd turned her down. But when Maria took the strap-on, changed out the smaller phallus for the larger one and fucked Carmen with it, she'd gotten her toy friend and played by herself, watching Maria fuck Carmen. When Maria turned from satisfying Carmen, she'd stepped over to Irene, reached down and gripped her hand, pulling it and her monstrous friend from her pussy. Without asking, she'd leaned in and slipped the cock, which had just moments before been pleasuring Carmen, into her wanton and ready cunt. Irene didn't even look, just leaned her head back and let the self-induced start to her orgasm, finished by Maria's use of the phallus, wash over her. It didn't matter to anyone that she was thinking of Ryan as she came. Later she let Maria do her with the strap on, and then they both had her do them. She'd been surprised at the dominant feeling she'd had of fucking her new and old friend with the plastic phallus.
The following week, after they returned and she found out about the trip to Norway, she'd gotten out the training plugs, her lubricant, and tried them for the first time. She'd found the first was actually the hardest, once she'd learned to push back with her anus with the smaller plugs, the larger ones weren't that much different. A few minutes of the medium size inserted, and she moved right on to the larger taper, although she'd tried it again a second day before she felt truly comfortable with that. When she tried the jewel on, she found it didn't adversely affect her at all -- she could walk and sit without a problem, actually feeling quite comfortable when it was in. She had kept that from Oscar however, he had no idea that she'd inserted it in her ass before leaving that morning. Having worn it on the plane, she had literally forgotten she had it in, until then.
"Diamonds... frontandback?" he whispered, his fingers sliding down to touch the ruby jewel just below her pussy.
"Oscar said you'd like my nipple jewels," she confessed, "he had me put them on for you."
"Oh, wise man, your husband. I do love them, that's why I got them for you. And this one?" his finger circled the decoration.
"He doesn't know about that one," she said.
"Oh? It's just for me? What gave you this idea?"
"My friend Maria thought that you really wanted to do it that way, but that you hadn't wanted to scare me away."
"Hmm. Maybe. And you think maybe now you do want to try it?"
Irene looked him in the eyes, her head nodding slightly. "I'll do anything you want me to. Do you want to do my ass?" He didn't answer, just bending in and suckling her clit while his hand played with her decoration.
"Hmm, good question," he whispered, his mouth gradually working down between her breasts headed for the core of her being. "Do you want me to do your ass?"
Her lack of an immediate answer was all he needed. "I will never do anything, to you, or with you, that you don't want me to do," he said just before moving his tongue to her clit, forcing a gasp from Irene as he did. "What do you say," he said fifteen minutes later, Irene's body quivering after his oral tongue lashing, "that we take this out for now, and we'll discuss it again tomorrow?" His fingers gripped the edge of the jewel and gently pulled until it popped through her sphincter and he then placed it on the end table beside the bed.
~
"How did you sleep?" Irene asked when she woke, naked and cuddled to Ryan's side. It was still dark; sun-up wasn't for another couple of hours even though the day was about to get underway.
"Out of sorts, I'm really feeling the jet lag this time. It feels like midnight to me."
"Then maybe we just need to put you back to sleep," she giggled, her hand slipping down his stomach to find his cock soft but it immediately starting to stiffen to her grip. "Is there anything I can do?" she whispered with a smirk, leaning in to give him a kiss. She really didn't want an answer and didn't wait for one, pulling away from his lips to work her way down his body.
Ryan's penis hadn't yet become totally erect when she reached it with her mouth. Lying sideways, so that all he could do was stroke her bottom, she took him in her mouth and made love to his cock. Ryan's hand on her bottom went back and forth between cheeks. Fondling, squeezing, eventually his fingers settled on the crease between them, his middle finger running up and down the crack. His finger homed in on and eventually pushed against the little pucker of her anus, but didn't push into her. Without saying a word, he'd let her know he really was interested in fucking her ass, and she vowed to wear her jewel again tomorrow -- to be ready for him when they came back to bed.
This time though, she fully intended to suck him off, her ministrations aimed to give him maximum pleasure. Taking just the head in her mouth, she sucked and lathed it with her tongue. Pulling back out she ran her lips up and down the shaft, concentrating on the soft spot, eliciting a groan from him at this. His hands moved to try and shift her body so he could return the oral pleasure, but she shushed him saying, "This is for you... just let me." She stroked him with her hand, slipped it down to his balls where she fondled them, and closed her eyes to concentrate on the feel of his glans in her mouth. Momentarily relinquishing his cock and balls with one hand she reached down and touched herself, confirming that without him even really touching her, she was inordinately wet again. She knew she really wanted to roll over and climb on, to impale herself on her lover's monster cock, but she told herself,not this time-- this time was all for him.
She felt his cock getting harder and harder, the glans swelling larger, the silky skin intimately nestling against the roof of her mouth. Being the gentleman that he was, even before his hand reached the back of her head to warn her, he moaned "Oh...Irene..." and she knew he was almost there. She didn't change a thing she was doing, just allowed his cock head to swell, the slippery smooth skin of his glans savored by her tongue, until with an "argh!!!" his hips rose and his cock erupted in her mouth.
She'd taken Oscar in her mouth before, but had only occasionally swallowed, only when spitting his cum out hadn't been a convenient option. She didn't mind Oscar spewing on her face or chest, even spurting in her mouth -- but she didn't like to keep it there and really didn't like his taste. But with Ryan, shewantedhim to cum in her mouth. Shewantedhim to enjoy the best blowjob she was capable of giving. She wanted to be as slutty and wanton for him as she could be.
It didn't hurt that he was the largest cock she'd ever seen, just the size being a turn on for her.
"Was that OK?" she asked after she'd turned to kiss him again. She'd thought she'd swallowed everything but had wiped her mouth on the sheets, just to be sure, before she'd turned her head back to his.
"Oh My God, it was wonderful."
She snuggled back to his side, her mind beginning to come back to reality. Rising a bit onto an elbow she looked at the clock. "You know what? We never did call Lori for dinner last night."
"She's probably not surprised. I'd bet she met Tina and Sherry."
"I don't think Tina was coming to the hotel last night, she said she'd be staying at home this week with her family. She only lives 10 minutes away. She probably hooked up with Sherry though, she was supposed to arrive a few hours later than us. I think we need to get up, we've just got time to go for breakfast before we head to the office."
Sherry and Lori were indeed enjoying the breakfast buffet when they arrived. "Hey, you two, right on time! We were afraid we were going to have to come bang on your door," Sherry laughed as they arrived.
Irene blushed. Despite that her three woman co-workers all knew she was staying with Ryan, having an affair with Ryan, they had all gone swimming naked with Ryan, and although they didn't know that she and Ryan had sex with Tina watching, her rigid upbringing still had her feeling sheepish about them indicating they knew they'd had sex last night. At least they didn't outright accuse them ofjusthaving had sex, although that was the truth.
The shuttle picked them up a few minutes later; it turned out the hotel was further away from the office than was Tina's home.
~
It was a bit strange to be queried by Mr. Thompson about whattheyneeded to do. In the past, when Carlos had been in charge of her office, he had alwaystoldhis employees what to do. Now the change was obvious. As Mr. Thompson said, "Generally, those who are best suited to identify and solve a problem are those who are closest to it,not," he said with a self-deprecating smile and pointing his thumb at his chest, "somesuitfrom corporate. So, let's hear it. What isn't working? What can we do to improve the program, improve the process? Which of your co-workers are dead weight, which ones aren't pulling their fair share? And particularly, where are the security risks?" He looked around the room and said, "I'm really proud of all of you. I've never been with a group that has been so productive."
Irene was surprised by the call for lunch, a surprise that returned every day that week. After the intro, they'd talked and shared, and immediately become immersed in problem finding, and problem solving. They found they had all, at their respective offices,sort ofrecognized a problem but had never really fully identified it alone. But now, bouncing ideas and feedback off each other they realized their individual observations were all virtually identical -- and therewasindeed a problem. After getting on a conference call with the software provider, through a never before seen secure conference app provided by Mr. Thompson, she had to look at the clock to confirm that it, surprisingly, was time for lunch. After having wondered what they could possibly talk about for 5 days before they began, at lunch time every day she was amazed that the morning had flown by. They were busy, and being productive, without someone, without anyone except themselves, telling them exactly what to do.
~
"Are you going to wear... your jewelry?" Ryan asked as they were in the elevator going to their room. It was only to change and freshen up as they were to meet the girls in the lobby in 15 minutes for dinner.
She hesitated momentarily, a secret thrill running through her body as she thought she understood exactly what he was asking. "All of them?"
"I think I'd like that."
"Ryan?"
"Yeah?"
"You'll have to take it easy with me," she said, turning and slipping into his arms, turning her face up to give him a kiss.
His right hand slid down to her bottom, squeezing her butt cheek, his left hand slipping up to cup her breast. "I will. I'll be gentle," he answered, and she realized she had just committed to letting Ryan fuck her ass.
~
"Ryan, Irene," Tina said as they walked into the hotel bar, "This is my husband, Terry. He works downtown too, and since I'm going home later, he came over to join us for dinner." Lori and Sherry walked in almost immediately afterward, the introductions immediately repeated.
"It seems so late," Ryan said as they stepped out of the hotel into the dark of night. "It's not even 5 and it's so dark."
"The sun has been down for a couple of hours," Tina spoke up, turning back to him. "What time does it get dark in Palo Alto?"
"Sunset is just about now, but it won't really get dark for at least another half hour.
"I guess it's the same on the other end of the day... in the mornings. I think it's getting light about 9 am now."
"Wow, it's been light for a couple of hours by that time back home."
"What can I say, Welcome to the North? Short days in winter, long days in summer."
"So, you're the famous Irene," Terry said, moments later, having stepped up next to her as they walked toward the restaurant. Although below freezing, there was no wind and it wasn't unbearably cold, so they'd decided to walk the few blocks to the recommended eatery.
"Well, IamIrene," she laughed, "although I'm not sure how famous I am. Why? What did Tina tell you?"
"Probably everything," he responded, Irene's stomach constricting at the thought of what Tina had told him. She blushed at the thought, suddenly knowing Tina reallyhadtold him everything, probably just as she'd told Oscar everything. She'd told about them masturbating together, Tina watching Ryan fuck her silly, Tina watching her suck Ryan's cock and probably about the two of them watching Tina masturbate with herborrowedfriend... and...
"That was quite a toy she brought home," Terry said. Irene glanced around, seeing that the others had slipped back a few steps out of ear shot. "We've had a lot of fun with it."
"I can imagine."
"Do you miss it?" he asked, his tone of voice saying that it was a tease.
"Not anymore," she teased in return, "I got me another." Terry laughed outright.
"What's so funny?" Sherry asked, having quick stepped from behind to catch them right then.
"Just talking about how well you all seem to work together. You're quite a team," Terry answered, saving Irene from making up a lie that she hadn't been planning on.
"We do have a great team," Sherry answered. "Isn't that the restaurant?" she said, pointing across the street.
~
"Let me," Ryan said, two hours later, back in their hotel room. Irene had been about to unbutton her blouse after taking off her sweater, reaching behind her back for the buttons, instead stopping as Ryan put his arms around her and pulled her close. Turning her face up to his, his lips locked onto hers as his fingers slipped button after button down her back. Once finished, he eased the material from her shoulders, leaving her with just her full coverage bra. Not a bra for seduction, this was the work version she normally wore during the day.
"Sorry I didn't have time to change my bra for you," she apologized as his hands momentarily fumbled with the rear clasp.
"It's not the bra, it's what's inside..." he whispered, his mouth moving up to nibble at her ear as he lowered her bra straps from her shoulders, her breasts falling free as the cups pulled away. Dropping the bra to the floor his hand filled itself with her breast, an 'ummm' of a pleasurable moan heard as he fondled her. Bending his body, lowering his mouth to her breast, he sucked in her nipple, causing her body to shiver in response. "I thought you were going to wear your diamond decorations again..." he said, just before his teeth clamped onto her nipple. A shudder ran through her body in response.
"I uh, I didn't..."
"Shhh, it's OK," he shushed her, his hand now slipping free to her backside to squeeze her buttocks. Reaching around with his other hand, he gripped her bottom two handed and pulled her forward against him, feeling nothing initially except for bare skin through her skirt. "Uhmm... a thong..." he whispered in her ear as his fingers suddenly found the strings. He'd been about to accuse her of being panty less, but now caressing downward along her ass crack he came across the one jewel that he had hoped to find. Letting his fingers raise the skirt material, once he could get underneath it, he found and hooked her thong panty, moving it slowly down her leg. At the same time, Irene's hands pulled away slightly, sliding between them to find and open his belt and zipper.
"I like it when you don't wear panties," he said, his hands slipping back under her skirt and gripping her now naked ass. His fingers curled into the center, bumping against the ruby adornment it found there. Pulling them back he found the catch on her skirt and seconds later Irene was standing naked in front of him. His own hands reached for the ceiling as her hands lifted his own shirt off. Just dropping the shirt behind him, one of her hands lowered to his enormous erection, gripping him as the other hand worked the edge of his pants and underwear. She just pushed them down his legs, working them off until, he too, was naked in front of her. She leaned in and kissed his chest, letting her tongue and mouth find his nipple, but he interrupted as she continued to drop toward her knees to take him in her mouth. "Not this time," he said, pulling her from her shoulders upright. Wrapping his arm around her he picked her up and moved her backward until her legs bumped into the bed. Pushing her backward, she sat, yet still he pushed causing her to lie on her back. Spreading her legs with his own he slipped forward between them. Reaching down one handed he gripped one of her legs, lifting it to his shoulder and then did the other. "Oh my God, you've got a gorgeous pussy," he said, moving forward. He aimed his cock towards her waiting wetness, but slipped above her vagina, riding up between her lips. He eased back to align himself, and Irene again reached in, pushing his erection down to align with her sex. This time his cock head split her lips, eased in an inch, then two, pulled back and then repeated. On the third time she flinched as his cock bumped her cervix, and then he was entirely inside her.
"Oh My God, Ryan... You feel so good."
"It's supposed to," he answered, one hand reaching down so his thumb could caress her clit. Irene reached down two handed, separating her lips and giving him better access to her most sensitive spot. He pulled back, virtually coming out of her, before sliding back forward, burying himself to the hilt once again. With the slow teasing of his cock internally, and his thumb on her clit externally, he was expertly moving her wanton body towards an orgasm. She knew she was almost there; it wouldn't take but a few more thrusts and she could cum. When he pulled back and didn't push back in, instead moving just another inch back where his cock flipped up and away from her pussy, she groaned in frustration.
Ryan stepped back, allowing her legs to come off his shoulders, lowering them to the bed. "What are you doing?" she asked quizzically, not at first understanding his pulling away. Without a word he turned and stepped over to the end table, picking up a condom and the small squeeze bottle of lube that had been left there. Returning to her, he once again lifted her legs to his shoulders before opening the condom package and she now understood what was about to happen. Irene pulled her lower lip between her teeth. He hadn't answered her query, but she knew exactly what was coming. She watched as he rolled the condom onto his cock and dribbled a couple of drops of extra lubricant onto it, smearing the lubricant around, before reaching between her legs. Finding the ruby butt plug, he slowly pulled until it suddenly popped free. She felt her sphincter protest as the larger portion that had been inside her pulled through, a short feeling of coolness as she realized her ass hole hadn't immediately closed, and then relaxed as her ass began closing.
"You're sure, you're ready for this?" he asked, dribbling another couple of drops of lubricant to her anus, his finger spreading and his fingertip penetrating her partially open ass. She didn't answer, her nonresponse correctly assumed by him as permission. Her eyes wide, she watched, as he pushed his cock down and guided it to her backdoor.
She'd vowed to herself, if it ever came to this, she wasn't going to complain, just let him take, and her give, the pleasure she knew he got from this. She felt his cock head pushing against her bottom, her eyes closing and ass protesting that this was bigger than anything she'd yet passed through that opening. She knew she grimaced at the slight pain, biting her lips, a tear forming in her eye. She felt the dribble of another couple of drops of lube, and then the stretching eased slightly. Ryan stopped his movement, letting her relax and, when she felt she was ready, she said, "Ok, you can do it again. I'm ready to take you in."
"I'm already in," he said. Her eyes flashed open, not realizing he'd stopped when his glans had popped through into her ass. "Are you OK?"
She nodded her head. "Take it slow?" she asked, "Until I get used to it?"
"Of course," he answered, once again reaching down with his hand to let his thumb strum her clit. She could see his body slowly move forward and backwards, each stroke moving another fraction of an inch inside her. Twice more he drippled lubricant onto her ass, and then a drop onto her clit. Although her own juices had her pussy well lubricated, she could tell that the artificial liquid was silkier, smoother, and wetter than was her own. Closing her eyes, she arched her head back, her fingers again separating her labia to expose her clit to his caress, all the while his cock slipping further in and out of her ass.
She really hadn't known whether she'd find his cock in her ass pleasurable or not, but recognized that whether it was or not, his gentle caressing of her clit, was. As his motions inside her increased, his thumb motion against her clit became erratic and her fingers moved from spreading her labia for him to replacing his thumb and touching herself. As soon as she did this his hands both moved to her hips, holding her, as his fucking motions increased. Apparently, he could also tell when she needed more lubricant, several times he applied a few more drops, and now his motions were continuous -- fucking her ass just as he had fucked her pussy, so well, so many times.
Whether it was Ryan's cock in her ass, her own rubbing of her clit, the combination of all -- she felt the heat and tension rising in her body. She surprised herself with the realization that, although this feltgoodshe wished she was feeling her pussy full of his cock at the same time, and surprised herself again as her own orgasm began before his. The full sensation from behind, with the empty sensation in her pussy, was strange: she could easily remember the full feeling of his cock in her pussy from earlier. With a strangled moan she pushed back against the cock pummeling her ass, shuddering in a continuous orgasm until, with a grunt, Ryan thrust hard into her. She yelped and reached for him, but he'd stopped his movements. She realized she could feel the pulse of his cock where it was gripped by her sphincter, and knew he was cumming in her ass. Her own body, tingling all over, gradually eased down from her orgasm.
"You're so big," Irene quietly said, her eyes locked on Ryan, his cock still gripped by her ass, "I wasn't sure I could take you." Despite that his cock was still inside, she could tell that its hardness had relaxed.
"Are you ok?" Ryan asked, slowly pulling back.
"Was it ok for you?" she asked in return.
"Oh my God, I've always loved it that way." He pulled back a bit more and reached down to keep the condom from pulling off his now comparatively soft cock.
"It was ok for you?" he asked again, obviously concerned about her.
"Yeah..." she breathed and nodded, relaxing with a sigh now that he'd pulled completely out, although her legs were still over his shoulders. "Yeah, it was OK." Lowering her legs once again to the bed he turned and stepped to the toilet where she heard something thunk into the trashcan and the water run before moments later he returned.
"You came?" he asked after he lay down beside her and they'd both scooted further up the bed.
"Yeah. I don't know if it was from you fucking me or just masturbating, but yeah, I came before you did."
"Maureen was like that too."
"Maureen?" Irene repeated, remembering hearing the name but not placing it.
"My friend Charlie's mother? The one that..." he trailed off. Remembering, Irene finished.
"The one that taught you all about anal but wouldn't let you fuck her pussy."
"Yeah. Her. She almost always came before I did." They had been laying there cuddled to each other for a while when he asked, "Are you sore?"
As if she didn't know, he felt her arm reach for her butt, and she flinched to her own touch.
"Yeah, a little. Not as much as I thought I would be."
"Thank you."
"Yeah." She rolled onto her side, nestled into his chest with his arm under her shoulder and head. "I guess I know what Maria meant about wanting... about Albert... being too big to be comfortable."
"It was too much?"
"No. Almost. It hurt when you thrust hard there at the end."
"Sorry."
"You know, it's kind of funny. Oscar has some porn movies that I've watched with him a few times. He really likes them, but they've never really done much for me. But a couple of them have had threesomes with double penetration, where the woman gets a cock in front and back at the same time?"
"Yeah?"
"I always thought that was kind of stupid, but when you were in my ass, I had this kind of an empty feeling in my pussy. When I came, I was... craving... a cock in my pussy at the same time. When we are fucking regular, when you're fucking my pussy, I never felt that craving for a cock in my ass, but it was a pretty distinctive feeling." Irene stopped, just lying there, not saying anything for a moment. "Maybe next time we can play with myfriendat the same time?"
"Next time?" Ryan repeated.
"I can tell you're going to want to do it again, but I think you're going to have to wait for a couple of days."
Relaxing, both of them spent, Irene rolled onto her side, snuggling her bottom and backside against Ryan. Although still "early" by her timeline, she could tell that Ryan was about to fall asleep.
"Ryan?" she whispered, not knowing whether his relaxed breathing meant he was asleep or not.
"Umm-hmm?"
"Back in San Jose..."
"Yeah?" he answered, obviously a bit more aware.
"When Tina was with us... did you mind her watching?"
"No," he answered after a short pause. "Did you?"
"I did at first, but then... her playing with herself, letting us watch her too..."
"It was pretty hot. She obviously likes to fuck."
"She does, she said so. She wants to fuck you."
"Me?" he asked, not quite believing that his girlfriend was telling him this. She didn't answer, so he asked, "What did you tell her?"
"I told her I should have shared you with her in San Jose." Irene felt Ryan's cock expanding against her bottom. Reaching over her side she found and gripped it, slowly stroking.
"Is that... I mean... going with them this weekend?"
"I don't know. We haven't talked about it specifically, but I told her weeks ago that if we ever got together again, I was open to sharing you."
"Sharing? As in a threesome? Or swapping, with her husband there?"
"I don't know. We didn't really talk about it. She's had a threesome before."
"Really? She told you that?"
"Back when she got pregnant with her first kid, she said she was horny all the time, so much so that she was wearing her husband out. She said that her husbands' brother was living with them for a while, and her husband set her up with his brother and sometimes both of them at the same time."
"Wow. I wouldn't have thought that of her."
"Six months ago, I wouldn't have thoughtthisof me either." She didn't have to say whatthiswas
"Have you ever had a threesome?" Ryan asked. She thought about it just momentarily before answering truthfully.
"Yes."
"Really?" he said, surprised. "You and Oscar and..." he let the question drift off, waiting for her to fill in the blank.
"Not Oscar," she said and then hesitated, "my girlfriends, Maria and Carmen."
"My sweet little innocent Irene had a lesbian threesome? I didn't know you were into women."
"I didn't either," she answered and then proceeded to tell about the weekend with the two of them in Spain, and how watching Carmen fuck Maria's ass, and that Maria had obviouslyreallyenjoyed it was what had convinced her to let Ryan do her that way.
~
"It's about three hours," Tina said as they loaded into their car on Friday. Terry had come by the office to pick them up for the trip to their cabin. They'd bid their goodbyes to the Lori and Sherry just minutes before as they were flying home in the morning. Ryan and Irene had extended their stay by a couple of days, along with Tina taking a vacation day on Monday.
Tina and Terry's Volvo SUV was comfortably large enough to take all 4 of them and their bags. A blustery wind at the office soon turned into a light snow which increased with time, and the expected 3-hour trip turned into 4. Terry turned into a restaurant parking lot saying, "We'll get dinner here, and then it's just another 15 minutes, but it's going to take a while to heat the cabin up." Climbing back into the car after dinner, Irene slid into the middle and with a shiver cuddled close as Ryan put his arm around her shoulder.
"Well, it's not much," Tina said as they opened the door to the little one-room cabin, but this is home for the next three days."
Terry immediately headed to the wood burning stove, lighting the previously laid out starter. "We always make sure to lay the next fire when we leave, otherwise we're standing around shivering while trying to get it started," he explained. Within seconds the kindling had taken off, and in practically no time they could feel the heat coming from the wood stove. "I'll go turn the water on; we turn it off and drain everything when we leave so the water doesn't freeze in the pipes," he said. "But if you need to use the toilet now, go ahead and we'll just flush it later." He looked up and grinned. "I hope the cabin isn't too rustic for you? It's got all the amenities of a Norwegian vacation home, two double beds, a kitchen, shower, running water, and the most important part -- a wood fired sauna! Speaking of which, shall I start the sauna? It takes about an hour before it's ready, and we can enjoy a sauna before bed?"
There was no response from anyone to his question, Tina's nod implying acceptance of the suggestion, and he turned back to the door.
"I'll get this open," Tina said, pulling a bottle of Cava out of the box they'd brought in with them, "and I'll pour us wine?" Realizing the cork tie, seconds later she expertly eased the cork from the pressurized bottle, with just a slight popping sound, so as not toe shock the sparkling wine.
Ryan stepped up behind Irene as Tina moved away. "One room, two beds? I guess if we're going to be lovers, they're going to know it," he whispered. "Just like San Jose?" Turning, Irene slipped her arms around Ryan's neck and pulled him into a passionate kiss. She let her imagination go, easily imagining Ryan's cock slipping in and out of a pussy in their room in San Jose -- except that it was Tina's pussy, and both of them were watchingherasshemasturbated with her toy while she watched them fucking. Until now it had been a bit academic, the thought of her allowing Ryan to fuck Tina, but now it was getting real and she knew she had no problem allowing this, primarily as she recognized that if she had said no, that Ryan wouldn't do it.
The sound of water suddenly spraying from the faucets and the toilet tank filling let them know that Terry had the water back on. The door swung open as he stepped back in, just as Tina got the faucet turned off. "Ok good. It's always a good thing when everything works as it's supposed to. Ryan, want to give me a hand, and we'll get the Sauna going? It's actually quite old, over a hundred years, but it still works perfectly -- as good or better than a modern gas or electric one in my opinion." Turning back, Ryan followed him out the door.
"I didn't realize it was a one room cabin..." Irene said, taking the glass of Cava that Tina handed her and turned, stepping back to the wood stove. Setting her own glass of wine down, Tina added some larger wood now that the fire was going.
"It's what we've got," Tina responded as she unzipped her jacket and pulled it off, followed by pulling her shirt off, unhooking her bra and pulling it off. Two handed she rubbed her breasts, and then pulled her shirt back on. "God, I hate bras, if I didn't need one for work, I'd never wear one." Reaching back for her coat she pulled it back on. "Not warm enough without a jacket yet but will be soon."
Irene had watched as she'd taken her bra off, not in the least surprised after having shared rooms with her in Spain and in San Jose. That she was much more comfortable with nudity, or at least more comfortable than Irene had been until somewhat recently, she knew. "Which bed do you use?"
"Either, but I think we sleep in the one furthest from the door the most."
"Tina?"
"Yeah?"
"I told Ryan you want him to fuck you." She paused, as she turned her bottom to the fireplace as Tina looked over at her. "Do you still want that?"
Tina slowly nodded. "I think I've imagined that every time that Terry and I have made love since I came back from San Jose." She giggled, "your friend has been quite beneficial in helping me imagine that. Terry said he won't mind, particularly if he gets to watch."
"What about Terry?" Irene asked. Tina looked at her quizzically.
"What do you mean?"
"Terry. If you're fucking Ryan, is he going to want to... be... with me?" Even though she couldn't make herself say the word "fuck", euphemistically saying "be with", there was no misunderstanding on what she meant.
"Oh, yeah," she answered, acknowledging what she was talking about -- not necessarily say yes to the question. "I would assume so, but we really didn't talk about it." She giggled, "He likes your tits."
"Oh my God. I'm beginning to think thateveryman likes my tits."
"I can see why. They're nice tits. Even Mr. Thompson likes your tits."
"What?"
"Yeah, I've seen his eyes stray to your chest a time or two."
"I've never seen that."
"It doesn't happen when you're looking, he's quite circumspect about keeping his eyes up. Probably why he's such a good manager," she laughed. "So... do you want to fuck Terry?"
"Are you ok if he wants to fuck me? He seems to be a really nice guy."
"Yeah, but what about you? Do you want to fuck him?"
"I don't know. When you said he'd shared you with his brother, I didn't get the feeling that he'd ever been with anyone else."
"No, you're right. I don't think he has, at least not since we've been married. He liked to... watch... his brother and me. He definitely got hard when I told him about Ryan."
"I just wasn't sure, whether you wanted Ryan just to yourself or you wanted to join us."
"Join you?" Tina said, a dawning of possibility spreading over her face. "You mean... a threesome? YouandmeandRyan?" Irene nodded. "I've uh, never actually been with a woman before."
"I hadn't either, at least until a month ago." Irene found herself explaining how Maria and Carmen had introduced her to making love with women.
"And you liked it?"
"I did. I've found myself liking a lot of things sexual that I couldn't have even imagined a year ago."
"I take it you no longer consider yourself a prude?"
The door swung open, interrupting their discussion, a blast of cold air and swirling snow coming in with Terry and Ryan. "Brrr! It's cold out there," Terry said, leading the way with Ryan right behind him, "Fires going, won't be long and the sauna will be ready. Give it half an hour and I'll go check it."
"Wine on the counter for you," Tina said, pointing at the two full glasses.
"Almost feels hot in here in comparison," Ryan, said, unzipping his jacket, "At least after out there." Looking around, he peeled his jacket and hung it on a coat tree before turning back to the fire. "Feels good," he said, holding his hands toward the stove. "I always forget whatcoldis like when you live in a place that pretty much has the same temperature all the time."
"I understand that," Irene responded. "It may not get as cold in Barcelona as here, but we get hot during the summer. But wintertime sure feels cold in comparison."
"Sauna's hot," Terry said an hour later after he'd gone out and checked a second time.
"You guys ready?" Tina said to the room. Stepping over to the cabinet on the wall she opened it and withdrew 4 large towels. "Let's go."
"But... what do we wear?" Irene asked, as Tina and Terry began taking their jackets off. Terry took Tina's from her, and walked across the room to the coat tree where Ryan had already hung his.
"We don't wear anything in a Sauna," Tina answered, again pulling her shirt off again, tossing it on the bed, now topless. She didn't hesitate, her hands going to her pants to undo them. Terry had his shirt over his head by the time he got back across the room, and just like Tina, tossed it on the bed. Irene turned and put her own coat on the coat tree, realizing the room wasn't quite as cold as it had been earlier. Turning back to the other bed she found Ryan with his shirt already off, Tina totally naked and wrapping the towel around herself. Terry was standing with his back to her, shucking his pants and pulling them off his legs, his back and butt bare.
Tina looked at her and winked, nodding her head in a "go ahead" motion. Irene pulled her shirt off, leaving her bra on for the moment, and instead sat to take her shoes and pants off. By the time she got her pants off, Ryan had already shucked everything and was wrapping a towel around himself. Terry turned, also now nude, and reached for his own towel. Ignoring the others around her, Irene unhooked her bra and slid it off, stood and pulled her panties off, and followed suit, wrapping herself in the fourth towel.
"Barefoot?" she questioned when she saw that Terry and Tina hadn't put anything on their feet.
"You can put your shoes on, but you can't take them in, or they get too hot and you can't leave them out or they get too cold. It's a bit chilly going over, but as soon as we get inside it'shot. And besides, when we roll in the snow, you won't want them on. Tina had stepped over to the door and pulled it open, a blast of air again telling how much the cabin had warmed up.
"Roll in the snow? Irene repeated aloud. "Really?"
"You'll love it," Tina answered. "If we'd gotten here earlier, we'd have chopped a hole in the ice so we could take a plunge in the pond. We'll do that tomorrow," she answered as she fast walked the 20 meters to the sauna. She pulled the door open and stepped inside, the blast of heat hitting them in the face just as different as the blast of cold had been at the front door when they exited. Irene followed in right behind, feeling the door come out of her hand as she did. Looking back over her shoulder, she found Ryan right behind her.
"Where's Terry?"
"He stopped to put more wood into the stove. He said the cabin will be toasty by the time we get back.
I small light was on the wall so that the sauna wasn't completely dark, and Irene turned toward Tina just in time to see her spreading her folded towel onto the bench, turning and sitting on it herself- once again totally nude. "You'll want to sit on your towel -- the wood gets too hot for your bare skin. Irene and Ryan did as she instructed; the door opening and Terry coming in just as they turned and sat. Terry was carrying a small wooden bucket which he handed to Tina. She pulled a ladle off the wall, splashing water onto rocks in the corner which were apparently already super-heated as the water immediately flashed into steam. "We'll stay until we've broken into a sweat and are about to get too hot -- and then we'll go jump in the snow, and do it again!"
"I've been in sauna's a few times," Ryan commented, "but can't say as I've ever been in a co-ed sauna. Is that normal here?"
"All depends on the people and circumstances. If we're all friends, or family, sure; but if there's someone you don't want to be naked around, or it's a big group -- perhaps the women will go at one time and then men another."
Irene had looked up at Tina as she spoke, but shifted her eyes to Terry, sitting next to her, who had leaned back onto his hands. He was making no effort to hide himself, and glancing at Ryan beside her, she could tell that he wasn't either. Of course, Tina had already seen Ryan naked, several times now, and had also seen him erect. Terry wasn't erect, she just noticed offhandedly that he appeared to be a normally endowed male. "You don't seem to be terribly bashful around anyone," Irene stated, "who would you not want to be in a sauna with?"
"Oh -- sometimes, young men in particular, have a... reaction... that perhaps they don't want to share with their mothers or girlfriends for example."
"I would think just the opposite, isn't there a certain amount of... titillation with being naked with the opposite sex?"
"Not in a sauna. Sauna's aren't about sex -- and when you start getting really hot -- you'll understand that. Touching someone else isn't what you want to be doing." Tina reached over and tossed another scoop of water onto the rocks, another cloud of steam billowing into the air.
Feeling a tickle on her chest, Irene reached down to run a finger between her breasts to scratch, and realized she had a bead of sweat already. She'd felt what she'd thought was extreme cold coming to the Sauna -- and now barely five minutes in, looking down she could see she had beads of sweat glistening on her skin.
"Some people use birch boughs and slap their skin with it when they're in the sauna," Terry commented. "I've never been big on that myself, but we have some birch that we can take some branches from tomorrow if you're interested."
"Yeah, I've heard of that," Ryan said, "never done it though."
Irene was getting uncomfortably hot when Tina finally said "Ok, time for a snowbank!" Standing, she pushed past Terry and grabbed Irene's hand, stepping to the door. For the first time Irene recognized that the driveway and paths between the sauna and cabin were cleared. "We have a neighbor with a skip loader. We called him yesterday and he opened the road today or we'd have never made it from the highway," Tina answered Irene's query as she stepped to one side to a snowbank. "Right here," she said, "jump!"
Tina jumped just as she said, landing face first in an obviously deep pile of powdery snow, and rolled over onto her back. Irene started to step into the snow, but Tina stopped her. "No, you gotta jump. Like going into cold water -- you don't stick your toe in, you just go for it."
Irene pulled her face up into a grimace beforehand, expecting it to be bitterly cold. Not even realizing that she was outdoors, totally naked and barely even recognized she didn't yet even feel the cold air, she did as Tina told her, and jumped -- only to find she barely felt the cold of the snow at all. "It... it doesn't feel cold."
"Of course not," Tina laughed. "It's because you're so hot. We stay out here until we feel cold and then we go in and do it again."
"Really?"
"Yep, two or three times usually. If it's summer, sometimes 4 or 5. When the sun doesn't go down it's a great social time."
"Interesting. How long before you get cold?"
"Individual taste, I guess. But we're here in the snow right now -- are you feeling cold?"
"No. I can tell the snow's cold, but it doesn'tfeelbad at all. It actually feels pretty good." Looking around, she realized that she couldn't see Terry or Ryan but could barely hear their voices. "Where are they?"
"Other side, there's a big spot over there. Yeah, it does feel good, otherwise we wouldn't do it."
"So, two or three times back and forth, and then off to bed?"
"2 or 3 times and then more likely off to sex," Tina laughed.
"I thought you said saunas aren't about sex."
"Oh,saunasaren't, but afterward, it's a natural thing. You're feeling good and you're already naked... it happens a lot."
"I guess,"
"Back in the old days, early last century and before, when there wasn't electricity, a lot of people were swingers."
"Oh my God.Really?"
"Yeah, really. There wasn't much else for entertainment in the winter. No radio, no TV, no bars to go to, at least that you wanted to go to on a cold winter's night, so you invite Anders and Greta over for the evening, dinner, and sauna, and... entertainment. It was actually quite common. You were married to your love, you just shared mutual entertainment with the neighbors." Irene shivered, realizing most of her excess body heat had dissipated, and she was beginning to get chilled. "Come on," Tina said, standing and sticking out her hand to Irene, "Let's go back in."
Once again, the sauna welcomed them with a blast of hot air. Tina immediately added a splash of water to the rocks before settling into her spot. "So... how do you know about the old days and swingers?" Irene asked. "I've never read that. I kind of thought swinging was a 20th century invention."
"No not at all. It's actually quite common in many areas. The Scandinavian countries, Eskimo's in Alaska, natives in Africa, South Pacific Islanders -- at various times they have all had swinging or sharing practices."
"And some still do it?" She nodded. "How do you know?"
"My mom told me."
"Yourmom? Really? Was she a..." Irene didn't have to finish.
"No, but her parents, my grandparents, were."
"Your grandparents?" Irene repeated, aghast at the thought of her grandparents being sexually active.
"Anders and Greta... they were my mom's parents. When you grow up in a one room cabin, you see a lot of things that we don't today."
"A one room cabin -- you mean like the one we're staying at?"
"Exactly the one we're staying in. This was my grandparents' cabin, my mom and her brother and sister grew up here, in this cabin. The beds are all new, but Mom said they had a third bed which her brother slept in. It wasn't until the late '50's when my Uncle was born that they finally moved into town. The cabin sat empty for several years and then in the 70's, after Grandma and Grandpa died, mom and my Aunts and Uncles modernized it for a getaway place. Before then it was a bit bigger, the parts that are now the shower and the toilet were all enclosed and they added running water and electricity."
"Wow. I can't imagine..." Irene faded off in her thought... "three kids with you in a cabin. I guess no such thing as privacy."
"Yeah, not really." Tina giggled, "Mom said that Grandma's favorite position was cowgirl -- on top. In the winter it was dark and she said they'd hear the bed squeaking and stuff, but in the summer -- it never really gets dark, so if you wake up, you can see and figure out what's going on."
"Especially if they're playing with the neighbors."
"They didn't do that with the kids around. They had some neighbors that they would share with all the time. They would go over to their place for dinner or have them over here and then they had an older girl that would take the younger kids back to the other place and be the babysitter."
"So the kids didn't know what was going on?"
"Of course, they knew what was going on. Kids share everything, and once one kid knows, they all know. They just didn't do it in front of their kids."
"Wow, and that was all before the pill?"
"Yeah. I guess they mostly used condoms."
"Mostly?" Irene queried at the indication that it didn't always happen. "Why do you say that?"
"My mom and her sister were born two years apart and both had blond hair and looked like grandpa, but my uncle was 8 years younger and had dark hair and didn't look anything like grandpa. They never said anything, but we always joked about my uncle being a sauna baby."
Ryan and Terry returned to the Sauna seconds later, only for all of them to repeat the cycle again about half an hour later. "What do you say we cool off, and then go in?" Terry suggested as they were about to go back out to the snow for the third time.
~
Irene followed Tina's lead, wrapping herself in the towel and following her into the cabin. Even though she'd been barefoot, her feet had barely noticed the cold outside, but now as she and Tina pulled their socks back on, she said, "Tina... I, uhm, didn't bring a nightgown."
Tina stopped and turned to her. "We're a bit beyond modesty, aren't we? I didn't either. We always sleep naked. Don't you?"
"I do with Ryan," she answered, realizing that despite her sexual awakening, she always wore a nightgown at home around her husband and girls, except that she would put on some sexy lingerie when she wanted sex. That this was happening now at least three or four times a week, instead of the three or four times a month of the last 18 years, passed through her mind.
"You'll want a quick shower, just to get the last of the sweat off. Do you want to go first?"
"Sure," she said. Tina stepped to the large closet that had been created by the remaining space when the toilet and shower had been added on the one wall. Opening it, she reached in and grabbed a fluffy robe and tossed it to her, just as Terry and Ryan stepped into the room. "Even the plumbing has been remodeled since it was first installed. We put in a tankless water heater a few years ago, so you'll get hot water practically instantly. We just have to remember to drain everything when we leave on Monday. You'll have to come out here to dry your hair though -- we don't have any receptacles in the bath."
Terry was the last of the other three to step into the shower, right after Tina. Standing in front of the kitchen window she found it was almost as good as a mirror. Falling snowflakes, were barely visible from the light inside the cabin, faintly drifting to the ground. Looking up she watched Ryan in the reflection look over at her and then take a glance towards Tina before stepping up behind her. She recognized the look of lust on his face. 'Ryan..." she said warningly, but with her arms in the air, brushing and blow drying her hair, it allowed him to easily slip his arms around her, cross over and slip inside her robe. She shivered as his fingers latched onto both nipples, not surprised in the least as he pulled the robe back, exposing her breasts and his hands fondling them. Holding her close like he was, she could feel an erection beginning in his own robe.
"Hey, you two rabbits," Tina giggled from next to her, on the other side of the kitchen sink, where she had her own hair dryer working. Irene looked up into the reflection to see her watching them. "Can't you wait for the lights to go out?"
"Why?" Ryan answered, "we were just naked together in the sauna, so what do we need robes for now?"
"To keep you from attacking us before we get in bed obviously," Tina laughed. "See?" she said, speaking to Irene. "Told you. Sex is natural after a sauna." Whether Ryan heard the shower turn off, or had listened to Tina's tease, he'd just pulled her robe over her breasts once again when Terry opened the door to the bath and stepped out. She hadn't realized he hadn't taken a robe with him into the shower, and he now stepped out totally naked.
Although she had seen him naked in the sauna, she hadn't really examined his body until now. She watched him in the mirror of the window, while also examining his body just by moving her eyes. She watched as Terry moved to the closest bed, pulled the bedding down and slid in. She hadn't truly acknowledged that if she let Tina fuck Ryan, she herself might end up fucking Terry, and an evaluation of his equipment had unconsciously run through her mind. Fresh out of the shower, he wasn't shriveled and shrunken as he would have been if they'd just come out of the freezing water of the pond, but he wasn't erect from arousal either. Unconsciously she'd evaluated him as larger than her husband Oscar, but also smaller than Ryan or Albert. Perfectly normal, is how her mind evaluated it, with the unbidden thought of "I wonder if he'll get me off like Ryan can?" At that point she realized that, although she hadn't said it, if she let Tina have a go with Ryan, she'd let Terry have a go at her.
"You didn't fill the fire," Tina admonished Terry, stepping over to the wood stove. The larger pieces of wood were all that were left, the smaller pieces now all ash, and she added two more large pieces and then closed the damper down to slow their consumption. "First one up, or if you wake up during the night and it's getting too cold, add some more wood," she said. Turning back to the bed, she slipped her robe off, and laid it on the end of the bed, slipping naked under the covers. She turned her back to Terry, his arm sliding up over his wife and pulling her close. "Light switch is by the door," Tina giggled, "last one up gets to put the light out."
"Well that sucks!" Irene laughed, as she'd just pulled her own bedding down, Ryan already under them on the far side of the bed.
"Teach you to get into bed sooner next time," Terry laughed, "Now we all get to watch you."
Irene turned back to step by the bed to the light switch with Terry's naughty tease clicking in her mind. Stopping at the end of the bed she pulled her own robe off, standing naked, while reaching down to pull her socks off. "Nothing you haven't already seen," she teased in return, now stepping naked over to the door. She bent forward, stuck her butt out towards them and wiggled it just before she flipped the light off. They were all laughing as she stepped back to the bed.
Ryan's raised his arm up to go over her and pull her close as she slid into bed. She was going to put her back to him, just as she'd seen Tina do with Terry, and let him hold her close but when he pulled her over onto her back instead, she followed his lead. Pulling her face to his, she returned his kiss while his hands immediately and lustfully roamed her body, fondling her breasts, her already perky nipples responding even more to his caresses.
Initially Irene attempted to be quiet, but her body betrayed her when she shivered to his touches. When his hand slipped between her legs, she spread them slightly to give him better access as her own hand slipped to his body to grasp his erection. His mouth, now next to her ear practically breathed the words, "you're wet." She knew she was; she had been most of the evening.
Not looking at Tina or Terry she initially thought with the silence from their bed that they weren't doing anything, and that she and Ryan were the two being naughty, at least until she heard a sharp inhale from Tina and an "ummm", from Terry. Rolling her head to the side to look toward them, she found the room, which she'd originally thought totally dark when she'd been blinded when the lights turned off, to be surprisingly well lit from the flickering of the firelight.
Tina was no longer completely under the bedding, her upper body exposed and facing them, with Terry's hand on her breast, his fingers latched onto her nipple. She could see his lower body moving slowly against her, and realized that he was slowly fucking Tina from behind. Tina's arm was down along her body, under Terry's where it was fondling her breast, and her slight movements made Irene correctly think she must be touching herself. When her eyes lit on Tina, she found her looking back at her, and when she raised her eyes just a bit to Terry, found that he also was looking her way. Her mind moved back to San Jose and watching Tina masturbate while she and Ryan fucked -- and now it was the same, except that Tina was being fucked and Ryan was playing with her.
Tina's words from San Jose suddenly replayed in Irene's mind,My husband and I like to watch and be watched. The way that Tina had masturbated while watching Ryan and her making love, the way Ryan had told her to show herself, and she had, all came together and she made the decision. Craving having Ryan in her, she made the move.Fuck it, she thought,let 'em watch. Rolling over onto Ryan she pushed the covers aside as she straddled him. Sitting upright upon his legs, she reached down, raised herself up, straightened his cock, and moved forward until she could slide him inside her. Ryan was right, she was wet.
Ryan's one hand rose to the back of her head, bending her face down to his lips, his tongue plunging into her mouth. His hips raised and lowered, her own body lowered and raised -- their hips banging together as they urgently fucked each other. She only vaguely heard Terry say, "Oh my God, that's so fucking hot. That's as good as watching you and my brother."
Irene felt Ryan's cock throb inside her, reaching orgasm before she herself did. Continuing to rock on him after he came, he remained hard enough that by tilting her pelvis she could feel him press against her clit. Rocking harder she felt her own arousal climbing, peaking, and finally she began shuddering in orgasm, stars exploding behind her eyes. Panting, she collapsed forward onto his body, feeling his penis slowly shrinking inside her. The pounding in her ears dissipated, and she realized she was totally exposed lying on Ryan. "Oh my God, you got to see this for a fucking week in San Jose?" Terry's voice whispered, although in the quiet of the room they all heard it. "No wonder you were on fire when you came home."
Nervously, Irene began to giggle. "I swear everyone I've met over the last few months has corrupted me more and more. Nobody more than Tina."
"ME?" Tina indignantly laughed back in return and then changed her tone, "Ok, well, maybe a little."
Rolling off of Ryan, Irene snuggled into his side, sated for the moment before hearing Tina get up and go to the toilet. Realizing she also had Ryan's cum dripping from her pussy, when Tina returned, she followed suit. Like Tina, she just walking naked to the toilet. She glanced at Terry when she was close but couldn't tell whether he was awake or not, but he didn't move. When she got back, Ryan's steady breathing indicated he was nearly asleep. The last thing she remembered was snuggling back up to his side.
~
The light snow of the previous evening had apparently increased overnight. What had been manageable when they arrived had turned into nearly 40 cm's of new snow. The plowed driveway didn't look so plowed, their footsteps to the sauna were now barely visible furrows under the new fallen snow -- and it was still coming down quite hard.
"I don't know about you people," Terry said as he came back inside with an armload of more wood for the fire, "but I think we nix the idea of skiing today. I just checked on my phone and they're saying they won't even have any upper runs open before noon, and maybe not even then. Hardly seems worthwhile to get you rental equipment when the lifts shut down and it's dark by a little after 3. I think we just stay in the cabin today, and try it again tomorrow. Do you agree?"
~
"Come on, Ryan, let's go chop a hole in the pond ice and we can have a complete Norwegian sauna experience," Terry said later that afternoon. They headed outside leaving Tina and Irene alone for a few minutes.
"Do you regret it?" Tina asked Irene. She'd opened a bottle of wine and poured them both a glass, joining Irene on the couch in front of the fire.
"Regret what?" she responded, the question seemingly unrelated to anything they'd been talking about.
Tina looked at her, obviously choosing her words. "Your... boyfriend? Having an affair with Ryan?" Irene nodded, contemplating the answer.
"Do you regret having slept with your brother-in-law?"
"Oh! Good question." She sat nodding her head for a moment. "No, no regrets. If anything, it made Terry's and my love life that much better. It's funny, I would have thought he would have been jealous, but he said he almost liked watching me fuck his brother as much as the three of us playing together."
"That's one thing I haven't done."
"What's that?"
"Two men at the same time. Carmen and Maria and I all played together, but I've never been with two men."
"It was nice."
"Why's that?"
"Terry has never wanted sex as much as I do. Having two good looking men to take care of me... I've never been as satisfied as I was those few months." She took a sip of her wine. "What about you? Is your love life with Oscar..."
Irene nodded. "Yeah, best it's ever been." She smirked and looked directly at Tina. "He's a terrible lover, but I never would have known it without Ryan... and Albert and Maria..."
"I've never been with a woman."
"I hadn't either before that weekend."
"Why'd you do it?"
"Maria, of course. She's led me to everything new that I've experienced."
"And it was good?"
"Yeah," she nodded her head. "Yeah, it was. Being with a woman, I guess we all know what we like and there was never any messy cum to clean up."
They both laughed. "Isn't that the truth. Men make us all messy and then we have to go clean up. So? Which was better? Ryan or your girls?"
"No question. They made me feel good... but Ryan... he's special."
"I can tell."
Irene nodded. "You still want to have a go with him?"
Tina slipped her tongue between her lips and then pulled her lower lip between her teeth, and nodded. "Terry knows?"
"He wants to watch. Whenever I talk about fucking Ryan, he gets really hard. The same as when his brother-in-law took care of me."
"But all three of you played together... at the same time?"
Tina giggled, "Oh yeah. Terry would watch his brother fuck me and then take over. I'd suck his brother hard again at the same time and then after Terry had cum, he'd do me again. I almost always got at least twice from each of them when we did that."
"Oh." Tina thought about how she wanted to broach the subject before adding. "Did you ever..."
"What, Irene? Just ask whatever it is."
"Did you ever do a DP?"
"A DP?" Tina replied, somewhat mystified, and then her face showed she understood. "You mean, anal? At the same time?" Irene nodded.
"I've never had a desire to do anal. Have you?"
"I didn't reallydesireit, but Ryan..." she hesitated. "Earlier this week I let Ryan take my ass."
"Was... It was ok?"
Irene told Tina about the anal toys that Maria had her get, and how they'd really helped to be ready when it happened. "It hurt a bit to begin with, but he took it slow. I thought I probably wouldn't like it, but I did orgasm. It helped to be playing with my clit, but the thing that surprised me was that I had this... this...cravingto have a cock in me at the same time. My pussy just felt so... empty... like I wassupposedto have him in me there. I know Oscar has some porn videos that show double penetration, but until then I'd never believed that anyone would really want that."
"Terry's always wanted to try anal, but I never let him. I just..." she paused looking for words. "It was never anything I wanted to try."
"Maria wanted to do it with my husband because she said her husband, Albert, is just too big to be comfortable... back there. I understand what she means now. Ryan really stretched me. I was sore for a couple of days but I'm back to normal now."
"Are we going to do this?" Tina asked after they'd sat quietly for a couple of moments. She didn't have to say what "this" was.
"How do we do it? Just... swap, and start playing?" Irene asked Tina.
"Are you going to fuck Terry or just let me do Ryan?" she responded.
Irene hesitated. Obviously, the follow through of letting Tina and Ryan do their thing would be Terry and her taking care of each other, having their own fling, too. Although Oscar had known and ardently approved of her having sex with their friend Albert, and again with her lover Ryan, there hadn't been any discussion of her having sex with just "any" man. She'd told Oscar all about playing with Maria and Carmen,afterthe fact, and he'd been most appreciative of those stories. She realized that more than anything, Oscar just wanted her to have fun, to discover her own sexuality. She had seen Terry naked, although without an erection, and realized that his cock was probably bigger than Oscar and smaller than Ryan or Albert. In other words, probably normal, and normal was something she'dneverhad. "If he wants." Somehow, she knew that Oscar would be ecstatic to hear about yet another lover.
"Oh, believe me, he wants. I don't know if he loves your tits or your ass more."
"I'm beginning to understand thatallmen love my tits... he loves my ass too?" The thought popped into her mind of Ryan with his hands so often on her bottom. The way he walked behind her to ogle her bottom whenever they'd been out as a group; of Ryanfuckingher ass, letting her know that, he too, was as appreciative of her back side as her tits. "What do you think, should I just sit next to Terry and you sit next to Ryan... or..."
"I was thinking, when we come in from our sauna later, why don't you go shower off first... and take Terry with you? I guarantee your breasts will bereallyclean when you get out," she laughed outright. "Does Ryan know you offered to let me have a go with him?"
"I've told him. He knows."
"And he's willing?"
"He didn't say as much but he loved watching you playing with our toy in San Jose and I know he was watching you and Terry last night."
The door suddenly opened, and Ryan stepped in, followed by Terry. They'd both worn jackets when they'd gone out, but now they were carrying their jackets and their foreheads were glistening with sweat. "Holy crap!" Ryan said, as he put the jacket on the coat tree. "My God that ice was nearly two feet thick."
"How'd you make a hole?" Irene said.
"Ice axe and ice saw," Terry answered.
"What's an ice saw?" she asked to his answer.
"Just what it sounds like," Tina answered. "Back in the old days, we had an ice-house. The men went down in the winter and cut the lake ice into blocks, hauled it up to the icehouse, and covered it with sawdust for insulation. Then in the summer, they went and carried blocks of ice from the icehouse into an ice box, the equivalent of a refrigerator."
"Really!" Irene exclaimed, "I've never heard of such a thing."
"I'm not surprised, you're from Spain, but it was well before my time too. Mom said that's just the way it was growing up. When was the last time you had a frozen lake in Barcelona?"
"Yeah, I guess you've got a point there."
"Terry chopped a hole and then we used the saw to cut ice into movable blocks and tossed them out onto the surface of the pond. Big Ice tongs let us grab one block at a time and pull it out."
"Will it freeze again before we want to use it?"
"No," Terry answered, shaking his head. "It will crust over tonight, much easier to break out again tomorrow, but it takes a few days to freeze solid again.
"And we're really going to go skinny dipping infreezingwater?"
"Only if you're not a coward and wimp out on us," Tina laughed, joined by Terry and Ryan. "Really, it's like rolling naked in the snow, when your body is so hot, the water doesn't even seem cold - as long as you're not in for long."
"Oh my God, I don't know if I can do this," Irene said an hour later.
They were just getting ready to step out to see Terry and Ryan's handiwork from cutting the ice when they heard the engine of a tractor and the neighbor with the skip-loader arrived and cleared the roadway to the cabin for them. Irene stood and watched through the window, and surprisingly fast, in just fifteen minutes he was moving on to someone else's place with a goodbye wave to Terry and Tina. When he left, they'd finished bundling up against the cold and walked through the fluffy new snow, nearly a half meter deep, to the pond.
Large blocks of ice had been cut and just pushed out onto the surface. The hole, about a meter by a meter, was right at the end of the small dock that jutted from the land. Open water glistened darkly with the reflected grey clouds, and sprinkled by the now lightly falling snowflakes. A ladder off the end of the dock coincided with the opening -- if anyone went in, they would have a rapid exit.
"You'll love it!" Tina assured her. "You'll feel soalivewhen you come out."
~
"Come on" Tina said, giggling, after nearly half an hour in the Sauna, "time to cool down." Taking her hand, both girls headed out the door, totally naked, and not bothering with shoes or towels. High stepping down the short path to the pond, Tina didn't hesitate, jumping feet first, beside the ladder, into the frigid water.
"Oh my God, Tina," Irene said as she came back to the surface, wiped water from her eyes and reached out for the ladder. "That feels so good!" When she reached the dock she said, "Your turn, go for it." Irene started to turn to step down the ladder, but Tina stopped her, "No, just jump. It really does feel wonderful." Scrunching her face up, Irene sucked her lower lip between her teeth, and jumped.
Even though she understood that the water was right at freezing temperature, perhaps even a bit below freezing, amazingly -- it didn't feel exceedingly cold. Even though she could feel herself cooling down, she did as Tina had, reached out for the ladder, and climbed out -- realizing that shestillwasn't cold, although she had definitely cooled off substantially. "Oh my God, Tina! That is amazing! I'm not even cold!"
Tina giggled and reached for Irene's breast. "You may not feel cold, but somebody's just a bit perky," she said as her fingers closed on Irene's erect nipple.
"Stop that," she laughed, slapping Tina's hand away. Glancing at Tina's chest she found her nipples hard and erect too. "Looks like I'm not the only one."
Tina stepped away, heading back to the sauna. "Just another reason why a sauna now leads to sex later," she laughed. Stopping at the same snowbank they'd rolled in the night before, she did it again. "Just for good measure. We don't want to go back in before we're cooled down." They were just climbing back out of the snow when Terry and Ryan walked by, headed for the pond, also naked and talking. Irene and Tina stepped back into the Sauna, joined by their men just a couple of minutes later.
"That's really amazing," Ryan said as the two of them stepped back in. "Even though it's so hot in here and so cold out there,bothfeel really good -- both getting in, and getting out. Who would have believed just a few months ago when they said we were going to be working together... that we'd all end up skinny dipping in winter?" He laughed.
"Yeah, hard to believe," Tina agreed aloud.
"So, Irene..." Terry said, adjusting his position to look at her a bit more. Irene saw his eyes momentarily scan her body, not staying anywhere, but it was more than just looking at her face. "Tina says you've had quite a...sexual awakeningsince this group thing all started?" He went on to explain more of what he knew. "I understand you shared with a friend back home, and have had an affair with Ryan here?" Irene just nodded. "That's quite a change for what... well, what Tina said sounded like aprudishupbringing?" Again, Irene nodded, as she really hadn't been asked to explain anything. "Yeah, we all have our ideas of the perfect marriage passed on by our upbringings. Never in a million years, when we got married, did Ieverimagine Tina and my brother together, or that it would turn me on to share her with him, and especially to see them together. She said she told you all about that?"
"Yeah, she did." Irene acknowledged, feeling the back and forth of Ryan's head glancing around the room, and understanding Ryan only knew a bit of that story.
Terry picked up on it too, and when he asked Ryan if he'd heard the story, he proceeded to fill him in. "So, Tina got the best of both of us. She got...servicedby my brother Eric during the days and I got to sleep with my horny mother-to-be at night," he laughed. "And then we did her together on the weekends. A bit unusual by most people's standards, but we've never regretted it. How about you, any regrets with your... new outlook?"
"No," Irene said, shaking her head negatively. "Every time something new comes up, my love life only seems to get better."
"Oh? Something new? You mean... besides Ryan?" He queried, obviously intrigued. "Like what?"
Irene hesitated, there was no reason to share, but there was no reason not to either. She shrugged her shoulders. "Three weeks ago, just before they told us about this meeting last week, I, uh... I spent the weekend with my girlfriend and with her girlfriend at her villa in the south of Spain..." It was obvious she hadn't finished but hesitated momentarily, "...and I had my first threesome. Just with two other women."
"Oh my. So, you're like Tina, you've had a threesome too?"
"Just with my girlfriends. Never with men involved."
"But didn't you say you and your husband started with your girlfriend and her husband?"
"Maria and Albert. Yeah, but it was only him and me and her and my husband. She's told me she would like to share me with her husband as a threesome though." She didn't say how Maria had indicated they could leave Oscar out of such an arrangement as far as she was concerned.
"So, are you... bi?"
"I don't know," she honestly answered. "I didn't think I'd ever have an affair with another man,orwith a woman, let alonetwowomen, but I have and I can't say as it wasn't enjoyable."
"You liked it? Would you do it again" he pressed.
"I liked it. We had fun," she giggled. "They've got a really private villa near Alicante, and we stayed naked the whole weekend. And yeah, we talked about getting together again sometime."
"Tina's never been with a woman."
"Terry!" Tina exclaimed with a laugh, "you weren't supposed to say that." Irene remembered Tina having said that to her somewhat earlier.
"Well? It's true isn't it?" He shrugged his shoulders, "and you're the one that said you would if you ever had the chance. What about you, Ryan? Ever had a threesome?"
Ryan glanced at Irene, although all three of them were watching him. "I have," he acknowledged, with a nod.
"I didn't know that," Irene said, realizing as she did, that she knew she had asked Ryannothingabout his past. She'd been seduced by him in Spain, or perhaps better said, they'd mutually seduced each other. She'd fucked him for a week, gone to San Jose and been with him for another week, and now again here, in Norway, and to date she'd justneverasked anything about him, his history, or his marital status. She only knew about him having lost his virginity to his best friend's mother, and to her ass.
"Two women or two men... or...?" Terry asked, leaving the idea of three men as a possibility, but not really expecting that.
"Both. At different times," Ryan honestly answered. "In college my roommate and I shared our girlfriends, multiple times. And my wife's girlfriend joined the two of us regularly for several years."
"I didn't know you are married," Tina piped in, obviously surprised at the revelation.
"Was," he acknowledged, "but that was a long time ago."
"You're not married now?"
"No. We're still friends, but she lives on the other side of the country. I still see her girlfriend occasionally, maybe 3 times in the last 10 years, but the only woman I've seen recently is Irene."
"Lucky girl that way, isn't she?" Tina laughed.
"More like lucky me," Ryan laughed. "Time to cool off again?"
"I'm ready," Irene said, standing and moving toward the door. Unlike the previous time all four of them moved to the pond together. Not hesitating to jump in the pond this time, as she was the first one there, she was also the first one out.
"I think I'm ready shall we go in?" Tina asked, "Or one more round?"
"I think I'm ready too, Ryan answered, "let's go in."
"Why don't you go first, Irene?" Tina said as she stepped into the cabin. Outside a light snow had begun to fall, a few gusts of wind making it seem colder than the night before as they moved from the sauna in.
"I can do that," she said, looking over at Tina. She saw her eyes flick from her, to Terry, and back. Realizing this was it, with her eyes locked on Tina's, she pulled her lip between her teeth as she so often did and got a knowing nod from her in return. "Wash my back, Terry?" she said as she stepped toward the door of the bath, reaching out and taking his hand. He at first didn't move, but as her arm extended, drawing his with her toward the bath, he glanced at Tina, received a smile and a wink, and followed.
Irene dropped the towel she'd had around her, reached in to turn the water on and adjust the temperature. She stepped forward before she felt Terry's hand on her hip. Turning back toward him, he stepped forward into the shower with her, his hand rising to her bare breast. "I'm going to want to wash more than your back," he said, his thumb rubbing across her nipple.
"Mmm, I certainly hope so," she responded quietly, her own hand coming forward to grip the rapidly erecting member between their bodies, just the fourth penis she'd handled since she'd gotten married.
She didn't have to look to explore his appendage. The foreskin easily slipped back, the more bulbous knob of his glans slipping into the palm of her hand. She didn't have to measure to know that he wasn't as long as Ryan, or Albert. But she also realized that even Terry was bigger than her husband Oscar. The way her hand could easily slide forward and backward while wrapped around him, where so often she'd reverted to just using her fingers on Oscar to give more movement. Turning her hand over, she ran her thumb over the head, a shiver and quick shudder coursing through Terry when she did.
Raising his other hand so he was fondling her breasts two handed, her own hand now stroking his almost instantly hard erection, he said, "Am I going to get to fuck you too?"
"It all depends on how well you wash me," she teased, "but that's a distinct possibility."
Reaching to the soap dispenser on the wall, Terry got a handful of body wash. Reaching over her shoulders, he pulled her to his body, her breasts pressing into his chest as his two hands spread the soap on her back. "I'll do my best," he answered, looking down at her face as she looked back at his. Raising his hands to her shoulders he spun her in place, pulling her now soapy backside against his front. Having turned her around forced her to relinquish her grip on his cock when he did, he pulled her close with one hand while reaching up and getting another handful of body wash. Pulling it to her chest, his second hand came up to help and two handed he spread the slippery substance onto her chest, and breasts, and belly. "My God you've got the greatest tits," he whispered needlessly, his hands now freely playing with her breasts, the slippery soap allowing for friction free skin on skin caressing. Rubbing his chest against her back at the same time, she felt his erection now pressing against her bottom, upright between her cheeks.
"Are you enjoying yourself? she giggled after a couple of minutes of him playing with her breasts. Lifting and fondling, running his hands over the surface, finding, and pinching her nipples -- his fingers unable to pinch from the slippery body wash.
"I am," he crooned in her ear, and then suddenly raised up a bit, spun her around, and grabbed her bottom two handed. Lifting her off her feet he pulled her against himself, each of his hands gripping and squeezing a separate cheek. "You've got a great ass, too," he said, his face lowering to her face, and suddenly he was kissing her. She raised her hands to his cheeks, holding his mouth to hers as his tongue plundered her mouth. She readily sucked his tongue in, and slipped her own into his mouth when he pulled his own tongue back, setting her back down. She didn't particularly notice as he filled his hand with body wash once again, but felt the slippery skin on skin contact a moment later as this time he lathered it onto her bottom. Just as with her breasts, he fondled and played, eventually a finger tracing up the crack of her bottom. The first time was up high, just tracing the top of the crack but, when he did it again, she felt his finger dive between her legs, press against her taint, and slowly draw up between her butt cheeks. The soap made everything slippery, she barely noticed as he traced up the skin, touching the bottom of her ass crack, drawing against her anus. It was the third time that she realized he was more than just exploring when his finger stopped and pressed on her rosebud.
After having let Ryan fuck her ass and introducing her to anal play, rather than tensing up as she would have just weeks before, she involuntarily pushed back, just as she had when Ryan had entered her. Her eyes flew wide open in shock as Terry's fingertip slipped into her. His, in turn widened also. "I wasn't expecting that to be so easy."
"Neither was I," Irene responded.
"Does that feel good?" he said, pressing more of his finger, up to the first knuckle, into her
"It's different. Not bad."
"Tina's never let me play with..." he didn't need to finish the thought, his fingertip barely moving in her. "I want to fuck your ass," he blurted, his finger pulling out of her ass and sliding through the slippery soap and running water onto her lower back.
Letting him spin her in place again, she reached over to the body wash herself. Taking his arm into hers she ran her hand down to his before joining her other hand and specifically washing his middle finger.
"I think I'd like to start with something more normal like sucking your cock," she said, his hands once again on her breasts, his fingers twiddling her nipples.
"My God you've got magnificent tits. Almost as nice as your ass."
"You like my ass more?" she asked, remembering how, at their first meeting in Spain, Tina commenting on how Ryan was always walking behind her.
"Definitely. You've got great tits, but I think your ass is better."
She'd had Oscar telling her, for nearly 20 years, that he loved her tits and ass. But hearing Terry say this, a man who in reality was still nearly a virtual stranger to her even if he was her friends' husband, triggered her mind. Suddenly all the other comments she'd been told over the last year ran through her mind. Maria saying how Albert loved her tits and got so aroused when Maria had pretended to be her. Tina, and the others commenting how Ryan had the hots for her and always walked behind her and was visibly ogling her ass. Tina having commented that Terry really liked her tits, and now Terry saying that he liked her ass better... She felt a surge of heat run through her pussy at the same time that she realized her life-long obsession of hiding her body, hiding her sexuality, had never been about hiding herself from others. It was merely hiding her sexuality from herself.
Could she have told Oscar, 15 or 20 years ago, that he wasn't really doing it for her? Absolutely, except that in her mind sheknewshe wasn't really sexy. While she'd always allowed Oscar to paw her breasts and suck her nipples, it was something she wasallowinghim to do, even though it did, if he did it long enough, make her wet. She'd always worn thicker, nipple hiding bras; she'd never chosen chest baring or cleavage showing blouses or dresses. Truth be told, she'd always dressed moderately dowdy -- just as her mother had taught her, but now -- for the first time in her life, she knew, and felt, and recognized that she was, indeed, sexy.
Irene stroked Terry's erection slowly, not to get him off, just enjoying the feel of him. When his one hand relinquished her breast and slipped down to her legs, his finger found her slippery wetness and she shuddered when he found her clit. "I think we better go, unless you want me to fuck you in the shower," he said, his finger running back and forth across her clit, causing tiny spasms to shake her body.
Pulling away just a bit, she turned and shut the shower off. "What do you think," she said quietly as she turned back around, finding Terry handing her a towel, "is Tina sucking Ryan's cock or fucking him?"
"I told her she couldn't fuck him until I got to watch."
As it was, Tina's body was shuddering from Ryan's tongue. Ryan was on his back on the bed with Tina on top in a 69, his cock in her mouth, his tongue lapping upward between her labia, tantalizing her clit. Ryan stopped his tonguing, looking around Tina's legs toward the bath as they emerged. His clit tickling done, Tina pulled off his cock, breathing heavily and also looked their way. "It's about time," she said, "we couldn't wait." Rolling off of Ryan, away from them, she reversed herself on the bed, swung her leg back over Ryan and raised herself upright above him. Ryan gripped his cock and held it upright. Tina, aligning her pussy, lowered herself onto him.
Irene watched in fascination. Although she'd had sex with Albert, with Maria watching, and she'd seen Oscar eating Maria's pussy and she'd had sex with Ryan while Tina was watching, she had never, in person, seen a cock actually entering and disappearing into a woman. Sure, she'd seen it in watching porn movies with Oscar, but seeing two people coupling, in real life, was something totally new.
"Oh my God that's hot," Terry groaned again, practically in her ear. He was behind her as they'd come out of the bath. His arms now wrapped around her, gripping her breasts while his cock and pelvis thrust against her bottom. Suddenly he manhandled her, moving her sideways to the bed and pushing her face forward onto it. Initially she sprawled, not knowing what he wanted, but as she started to roll to her side, instead he gripped her hips and lifted. "Hands and knees," he instructed. "Turn sideways so we can watch." He pushed sideways on her hips, reaching down, and spreading her left leg even further outward before positing himself between them and leaning forward, guiding his cock into her.
Almost instantly he grabbed her hips, holding her in place, as he fucked her doggy style. "Oh my God, Tina, look how big his cock is! Oh fuck, this is better than watching you and Eric..." Only vaguely did Irene realize he was talking, not to her, but to Tina. She recognized he was referring to his brother and the time that the three of them had lived together. She remembered Tina saying that Terry had really liked watching her fuck his brother, and now here she was fuckingherboyfriend.
Although she was positioned to watch Tina riding Terry, which she had to agree was quite erotic, what her body was concentrating on was the pummeling she was getting from Terry. Ryan was a considerate lover, always taking time to make sure she was wet and ready. Albert had been... not inconsiderate... he had taken some care and gotten her ready, but his plundering of her body had all been abouthimfirst and that she got off at all, was secondary. But this... this was different. Terry hadn't made any attempt to ease into her, he'd just taken her. He'd aligned his cock, plunged it into her pussy, and immediately began pounding.
But there had also been no doubt that she was ready. They'd essentially done that to each other in the shower. Hehadfingered her there and found that she was wet before they came back to the main room, just as she had been stroking his cock, making sure he was fully erect. But nobody had everdominatedher body the way that Terry was right then. No fondling of her tits, or rubbing her bottom, or fingering her vagina or clit to start; he had just flipped her onto her hands and knees, taken his cock and plunged it into her.
And surprisingly, her body was responding rapidly to his thrusts. A growing warmth, not just in her genitals where he was pummeling her, but throughout her body. She felt a flush on her face and chest arising, and in this bottom up, ass in the air position, by moving her arms just slightly she was able to find her breasts and tweak her own nipples. She found her hips pushing back into Terry as he pushed forward, her hips pulling forward as he pulled back, his pelvis slamming into her bottom with each of their combined thrusts.
Unexpectedly an orgasm suddenly burst from her body, burst from her vagina, as for the first time she orgasmed without any extended clitoral stimulation. The glowing warmth in her body had seemingly concentrated as a heat sensation where her vagina was being caressed from the inside by his cock. With each thrust the sensation grew, expanding to her bottom, her pelvis, her belly; a warm glow spreading upward in her body until her orgasm flooded over her.
Unable to hold herself upright, or to watch Tina and Ryan any longer, her shoulders collapsed forward onto the bed, her entire body shaking and yet still her orgasm continued. Each continued thrust by Terry, now once again doing all the movement by himself, enflamed her body even more. He'd set her body on fire with friction, kept it there, and wasn't letting her fire go out. She sensed his thrusts becoming more urgent; harder and less controlled until, with a groan of exquisite agony, he thrust forward and stopped with his cock buried inside her. She felt the spasms of his orgasm filling her, a vague realization that she hadn't discussed birth control with him, or his wife, and she was glad she had taken care of that after her and Maria's scare.
For the moment she and Terry remained on their knees. The firmness of Terry's cock gradually dissipated inside her until he started to pull back and out. He shuddered and tried to push back in, her pussy constricted around his cock, but his prick, now softened, fell out of her pussy and released from Terry's grip she fell completely forward onto her belly. Terry followed suit, at first collapsing on top of her back, his slippery cock squished between his pelvis and her bottom until Terry rolled to her side and put an arm over her shoulder. When she rolled onto her own side, Terry pulled her close, cuddling from behind.
Looking over to Tina and Ryan once again, she realized they must have cum also. Tina was now collapsed forward, her arms holding her slightly above Ryan's chest. From the angle she was viewing them, Ryan's slightly bent cock was visible between Tina's spread legs, the tip end still partly buried in her pussy. Ryan's hands were visible on Tina's smaller tits, caressing; his fingers gently twiddling her nipples.
Irene found herself panting from the exertion, hearing the slowing of similar panting from Terry behind her. Feeling the oozing of his semen from her pussy, she rolled off the bed and moved again to the toilet to clean up. Grabbing a couple of tissues as she came back out, she found Tina in the same position but Ryan's cock, now limp, had fallen out of her with some of his cum visibly drippling from Tina's pussy. She handed Tina the tissues.
"My turn?" Tina asked, and not needing nor waiting for acknowledgement, arose off Ryan, his now totally soft cock flopped onto his belly. Tina placed the tissue to her crotch and wiped her pussy before holding it to her sex and moved toward the toilet.
Irene crawled back onto the bed beside Terry, lying on her back. Terry's arm again went over her, this time completely across her breasts until his hand drew back, his fingers stopping to play with her nipple. Instantly she knew that four willing adults had all cum while in the same room, but recognized she knew she wasn't done. She wanted more. The fire in her pussy erupted as Terry whispered, "You've really got great tits." For some reason she glanced sideways at Ryan, found him watching Terry's fingers playing with her nipple. An unseen communication passed between them; Ryan had recognized that she wanted more, his slight nod saying to 'go for it.'
Exhaling in pleasure, she lay there letting Terry caress her for a moment before her hand reached between them to find his now wilted cock, still slippery with their combined juices. Squeezing him, she realized that if she let it go, he was done for the moment, but she wasn't ready to do that. Rolling over to face Terry, she again rose to her knees and turned to where she could take him in her mouth.
Having shrunk nearly totally, she found it was nothing to take him totally in her mouth. She instantly recognized the taste of his semen, but also of her own pussy juices. She'd never tried to taste her own pussy before, but her mind correlated it with Maria and Carmen, both of whom she had licked to orgasm. Carmen had tasted slightly different than Maria, both of whom she could now compare to the taste of her own juices. Slightly different, but not unpleasant, and she wondered momentarily if Tina's juices would taste any different. It was just a momentary thought as she felt Terry's cock already responding to her sucking, her concentration moving away from other experiences back into this one. Terry groaned in exquisite agony; her sucking moved more and more towards the head as his cock stiffened to her pleasuring. She had no intention of sucking him off, just sucking him hard, and when he'd grown fully erect again, he suddenly took over, pushed her away and onto her back.
Rolling on top of her, he pressed his pelvis into her belly, rubbed his erection into her stomach. He leaned in and sucked first one nipple and then the other, and then moved upward. When his cock reached her tits, supporting himself on one hand he reached down and taking his cock in hand rubbed it against her nipples. "My God, you're so fucking sexy," he said, rising so he was straddling her chest, his legs pressing against her tits, and thrust his cock into her face. His hand guided his cock to her cheeks, to her nose, stroking her face. When he dragged it back across her lips, she stuck her tongue out to caress the soft spot, his exhaled groan of pleasure all she needed. Pursing her lips, she wet them with her tongue and caressed the sensitive spot as well as she could. "Oh Fuck, Irene... Oh my God," he groaned aloud as he pulled away. Moving his body further down her own, when his cock came to rest between her tits, she knew exactly what he wanted, exactly what every other man had ever wanted -- to fuck her tits.
She pressed her breasts together around Terry's cock. His thrusts small to begin with, confined to her breasts themselves, but as he got more animated his thrusts began to reach to her chin. Unhesitatingly she attempted to lick his cock head whenever it reached her face, her tongue coming out and searching for it. It wasn't every thrust upward, perhaps every second or third, that she was able to run her tongue onto the sensitive spot again, eliciting a moan of approval every time she did. He stopped at the top of one thrust, and she opened her mouth, craning her neck until she could take the head in her mouth. He pulled away with a groan, but returned several strokes later to let her take him in her mouth again. She did, feeling how his cock head had swollen even larger, realizing with every thrust he was approaching closer and closer to another orgasm. His thrusts continually got more ragged until finally his head arched back, his thrust stopping with his cock sticking out of the top of the valley of her breasts, yet not quite to her mouth. His ejaculate came in two spurts, the first spraying onto her face, against her chin and lips and nose; the second one smaller virtually dribbling to her neck. She felt his cock throb in couple of dry spasms, his movements coming to a halt, still sitting on her breasts. Moving her arm around his leg she grabbed his cock, squeezing as he shrank, another dribble of cum oozing from the tip. She ran her thumb over the small dribble at the end of his cock, eliciting another groan of pleasurable agony from him.
When she finally pushed Terry aside, her body sighed in relief as the weight of his body was removed from hers. He started to lie down and cuddle in beside her again, but she stopped him with an "Uh-uh, Buddy. That was nice, but now it's my turn. You need to use your tongue on me now."
"Gladly, my lady," he whispered, still panting from his own orgasm. Leaning back into her, his lips and tongue found her nipples, sucking and tonguing, before kissing down her body. Sliding down, partly off the end of the bed, he stopped between her legs, looked up and then crawled slightly over Irene to grab his pillow. Moving back he had her lift her bottom, sliding the pillow underneath before telling Irene to give him her pillow also. Lifting her bottom once again, when she lay back with her neck and shoulders flat on the bed it felt like her pelvis was pointed to the sky, but it was exactly the angle that Terry wanted.
Irene closed her eyes and let Terry pleasure her. He teased her sex at first, his tongue penetrating her vagina, slipping between her lips, slithering around her clit. He had her on the verge of orgasm several times, only to ease off, let her almost recover, and then do it again. First one finger slipped into her vagina and then another, finger fucking. He closed his lips around her clit and sucked, his tongue buzzing back and forth. She felt his fingers pull away from her pussy, and a second later his middle finger once again was pressing against her anus. She wanted to constrict her pelvis, accentuating the pleasures of his fingers in her vagina, but now unconsciously pressed back against his finger when it pressed against her, and his finger again slipped inside her.
Without much movement at first, he slowly began moving his finger in and out just a bit, up to his first knuckle, while still sucking and licking hard against her clit. Feeling her orgasm approaching, Irene's head arched back, her pelvis rising against Terry's face,willinghim to get her off. Just as her body could take no more, his thumb slipped into her vagina, his fingertip in her ass, and her body exploded in ecstasy.
After her orgasm eased, Terry pulled away and without saying anything stepped to the toilet where she heard him washing his hands. Looking across to the other bed she found Tina lying on the far side of Ryan looking at her, just watching, with Ryan's expended and mostly limp cock in her hand. Whether they had done it again or just the once she had no idea, she'd totally lost herself in the pleasures of Terry's tongue and hands. Tina smiled and winked at Irene, stood up, and followed her husband into the toilet.
Before Terry could return, Irene stood and again reached for a tissue. Wiping her lips and nose where Terry had come on her face, she saw a glistening patch on Ryan's belly. Stepping forward to the other bed she reached down and wiped the semen that had dribbled from his crotch and cock. "That," she said, dropping the damp tissues to the floor and climbing onto the bed beside Ryan, "was hot."
"Hmm," Ryan said, "you're not upset?"
"For what?" Irene asked in surprise.
"For us... swapping... without telling you?"
"What?" Irene replied, now confused.
"Tina said she wanted a go with Ryan if the chance happened," Terry spoke up from the other bed where he'd returned, "And when I spoke with Ryan about it, he said you had indicated you knew about that and hadn't necessarilydisapprovedof it... so we... well, we agreed to swap tonight."
"You?" Tina said, just then walking back out of the toilet, a towel now wrapped around her body again even though the other three of us were naked. "You and Ryan,plannedto do this tonight?"
"Huh," Irene added, "I guess we were all thinking the same thoughts then. I told Tina months ago that if she wanted to, um..." she paused, looking for the right words, "'try Ryan on for size,' the next time we got together she could. It was OK with me, at least ifhewanted to. I told her I figured he might, he... or rather,wedidn't mind her watching us and taking care of herself in San Jose. At least, not after the first time. I kinda thought it wasjust uswho planned this today. When we were alone, we discussed how I would take Terry into the shower with me while you two," she said, her eyes glancing from Tina to Terry and back while her hand slipped behind her, gripping and squeezing Ryan's limp cock, "got to... know each other... better."
With Irene once again lying with Ryan, Tina crawled up on the other bed, snuggling behind Terry, who was lying on his side facing Ryan and Irene.
Nobody said anything for a couple of minutes. "Was Ryan everything you thought he would be?" Terry finally asked, obviously speaking to his wife.
"Hmmm," Tina answered. "I really love the way you take care of me," she spoke aloud to Terry, "but that wasreallynice. I've never felt so...fullbefore. What about you Irene? Did my husband take care of you properly?"
"That was..." she started, and stopped, thinking of the words to use. "That was pretty phenomenal. I've never been so... so...dominated, I guess. I was... he was..." she stopped and shook her head. "That first one, it was anamazingorgasm, and he never even touched my clit, he never touched my nipples, he just...controlledmy body as nobody, not even Ryan, has ever done."
Lifting Ryan's arm, she rolled over to face him, bending her face to Ryan and closed her eyes as Ryan's lips met hers. It wasn't anI want to fuck you kiss, but rather aThank You, as if it was, that they that had just made love. "I'm glad you did that for her," she whispered so that even if Terry and Tina heard her talking, hopefully they wouldn't hear her words. "I really liked sharing you with her." Ryan didn't say anything, just kissed her forehead. "Was she good?"
"She's different. She knows what she wants," Ryan whispered quietly, neither confirming nor denying that Tina had been a good fuck.
Her body completely relaxed, Irene's mind drifted over the last hour as she got closer to sleep. If a year before someone had told her that she'd be having an affair, be swapping with what was becoming one of her best friends and letting her fuck her boyfriend while she herself was fucking her friends husband, that she would have had an all girlfriend sex weekend where she'd been introduced to both giving and receiving sapphic love, and finding that she liked it. Her last thought of tasting herself on Terry's cock morphed into the hints that Tina had given about wanting to explore with a woman. "I know what I want, too," she breathed aloud, her words barely heard by Ryan.
"What?" he whispered in return, answered only by Irene's rhythmical breathing and he realized that she was asleep.