Tribute!
She'd been chosen!
Chryssa was elated! She could barely believe her good luck.
Actually, it wasn't really all that much luck - it was due to her hard work. She'd trained and practiced for three long years. Her training had begun when she'd reached her eighteenth birthday.
On that significant day, Sassa, Chryssa's mother, started the celebration by helping her daughter with her makeup, and then preparing for her the foods she loved most. After the family had eaten, knowing her daughter's desire and ambitions, Sassa said, "Chryssa, stand before us and remove your garment."
Because she knew the Tribute needed to be comfortable with displaying her body, Chryssa's face took on only a slight blush as she untied the cord that cinched her peplos against her waist. As she opened the brooch at her left shoulder, the material parted, and now easily slipped off her right shoulder. The lightweight fabric drifted to the floor by her feet, and she now stood nude, except for the delicate lacing that rose from her sandals and crisscrossed her legs almost to the back of each knee.
Her mother, father, and three older brothers examined Chryssa's body with critical, appraising eyes. Her shining black hair, held back from her face by a delicate silken hair fillet, fell in natural ringlets to caress her shoulders. Her arched eyebrows drew attention to her dark brown eyes, sparkling with health, made all the more dramatic by the eyeshadow her mother had skillfully applied. Chryssa wet her lips, nervously. But that sheen made their redness seem even more kissable, especially when she smiled shyly.
Her father and brothers, being men, had glanced at her face, which they saw everyday, but paid a lot more attention to her body, revealed fully. Chryssa's breasts had rounded out nicely as she'd grown, forming generous globes. But from her areolae to her nipples, they still had the puffy appearance, forming a slight, forward-pointing cone, often seen on young women with little experience with sex. The nipples were a pleasing dark brown, but adjacent to the nipples, the inner parts of her areolae were almost pink, only becoming a brown ring where the areola edge met the breast proper. The effect was rather hypnotic, judging from the way the men gawked.
They were probably paying more attention to her tits than her pussy, because her pubic hair had never been trimmed. A thick bush obscured all of her sex. Vadik, Chryssa's father, told her mother, "She needs grooming down below."
Her mother nodded agreement, saying "I'll see to it right away. I'm sure we can make that as attractive as the rest of her." Chryssa's blush deepened slightly.
Seeing her embarrassment, Vadik said, "You're a vision of loveliness, daughter. Be proud of your appearance, because your skills and intelligence are wrapped in a glorious package." Chryssa's chin lifted slightly, and she stood up straighter. "Now turn, and let us see the rest of you."
As Chryssa turned, her breasts came into profile, causing two of her brothers to lick their lips. Then all studied her back. Her symmetry was delightful, from her swan-like neck to her heels. All appreciated the sweep of her shoulders, her narrow waist, the curve of her hips, and her thighs and calves. But the men especially focused on her buttocks. Uther, one of her brothers, voiced, "I think her butt needs to have more heft and swell."
Vadik nodded, but said, "That will happen naturally as she trains. Hill running will help." Looking at his wife, he stated, "You have good clay to work with, Sassa. Begin teaching her the ways with women. After that, her brothers and I will start teaching her about men and their ways." Turning back to Chryssa, he said, "Daughter, from this point forward, if you really wish a chance to become the Tribute, you may as well remain naked, unless a day is uncharacteristically cold. You need to get used to being cloaked only in your own skin, I think."
Chryssa looked down at the floor, "Yes, Father," she replied.
The men left, going about their business, while Sassa took her daughter's hand and led her out into the bright sunshine, the better to see her pubic area as she carefully began the task of taming the young woman's bush.
After some period of time, the ground beneath Chryssa's stool was littered with curly black hairs, and her sex seemed covered in a fine, dark, silky fur that drew the eye and enhanced the beauty of that part of her body. She ran her fingers back and forth through her fur, gazing at it in wonder. "Thank you, Mother," she whispered. "I love it."
"I'm glad you're pleased," her mother responded. "And I hope you paid attention to how the grooming is done, because you'll have to maintain it." She watched her daughter stroking her pubic hair for a while, and then said, "Now we should start your lesson about the anatomy of a woman, and how to pleasure her, since you may be called upon to do so." With that, Sassa swiftly removed her own garment. Her body was an older, more voluptuous version of Chryssa's. But age had caused her breasts to begin to sag, and there were wrinkles in places where Chryssa had only smooth skin.
Over the next several days, Chryssa became very familiar with her mother's body, as well as her own. She learned that there were a lot more erogenous zones on the female body then she'd ever dreamed. Her mother taught her the basics - the use of her mouth, tongue, finger pads, fingernails, breasts, and toes to stimulate sensitive areas of the flesh. Sassa demonstrated these things on her daughter, bringing her to one shuddering climax after another, showing the efficacy of these techniques.
Chryssa applied the same techniques to her mother. Very quickly she proved herself to be a natural in intimate, sexual things, such as cunnilingus, and analingus. She was pleased to see and hear her mother writhing and crying out as each orgasm demanded its release. Chryssa also learned how exciting the arousal fragrance was, emanating from a woman's body, and how delicious her fluids tasted.
After those fundamentals, their neighbor, Martta, was called upon to further Chryssa's education in these matters. Martta was well-qualified to do so, since nine years ago she herself had been chosen as Tribute. She approved what Chryssa had learned thus far, and went on to instruct her in the performance of a few erotic tricks of which most women were unaware. Martta demonstrated them on both Chryssa and her mother, and then watched Chryssa attempt them with her mother. As a final test, Chryssa did these things to Martta herself.
One of Martta's special techniques involved the use of her eyelashes to stimulate a woman's nipples, belly, mound, and sex. When Chryssa was practicing this on Martta, she managed to get their neighbor so aroused that Sassa had to hold her down as Chryssa's eyelashes were fluttering over her mound, approaching her clit. Chryssa gently pressed back the hood which partially covered Martta's clit, and then flicked it rapidly and repeatedly with her luxurious lashes. Martta began shrieking and bucking with such intensity that Chryssa had to increase the pressure of her hands on either side of the clit to hold her in place. Martta came so hard that she began squirting. The first blast hit Chryssa's face, catching her by surprise. She quickly recovered, opening her mouth, catching and drinking each subsequent eruption, still stimulating that clit with her flutters.
When Martta gasped out, "Enough please... No more... I can't take anymore... Mercy..." Chryssa stopped using her eyelashes, and carefully licked Martta's cunt clean. When the neighbor had finally caught her breath, she pulled Chryssa up into an embrace. Pressing their nude bodies together, she gave Chryssa a tender kiss, and declared, "You're ready. You've mastered all I can teach you." She then giggled, which made their tits wobble together in a delightful manner, and added, "But you can come over and practice on me anytime you wish."
Chryssa replied, "I'd be happy to do so, Martta. I certainly don't want to forget what I've learned from you. But I wonder... what's it like on the island where the Tribute goes?"
Martta gave her a tender smile. "Chryssa, you know that I'm forbidden to discuss anything about that island, other than it's tropical. If I broke my silence, I'd be stripped of my Tribute stipend, and that stipend is generous enough to allow us former Tributes the luxury of doing whatever we want for our living. When you're chosen as Tribute, you'll be sworn to the same secrecy."
Chryssa heard Martta say 'when' rather than 'if' about becoming the Tribute, and felt goosebumps tingle all along her arms and legs. Martta seemed positive that her talents were developing such that she'd rise to the top, if not the first year she was eligible, then surely a subsequent year. She gave the older woman an extra special embrace and kiss, thanking her for her help and confidence.
Chryssa's preparations didn't all involve sex, of course. She had to learn manners and deportment, since the Tribute was also a sort of ambassador. She also had to run every day, gradually increasing her distance, until she could run for miles effortlessly. This was to build up her endurance. She was thrilled to run naked across the countryside, especially on warm, sunny days, or days when the rain fell as a light mist. Mother also had her churn the milk into butter, using the quick up and down motions of her arms that the process required.
Soon Chryssa's body was lithe and lean with obvious but understated musculature. She also had an all over tan, which gave her skin a golden tone, and when she sweated, she radiated a golden glow. A cream that her mother supplied helped keep her skin from damage from such exposure to the elements. She was also massaged regularly, which helped relieve any aches and pains that arose from her vigorous activities. She liked the way the oil made her skin gleam, especially because it drew the eyes of the nearby men. Chryssa chuckled quietly to herself every time one of those men tripped or bumped into something because they were focused on her naked body rather than where they were going.
Next, Chryssa was to begin her studies about males. But before those began, her mother supplied her with a special herb. "Chew and swallow one leaf of this herb every morning, daughter. This will prevent you from getting pregnant. We don't know exactly why this works, but it does."
"Does taking this herb mean that I'll never have children?" Chryssa asked.
"Not at all. When a woman stops taking it, she can usually get pregnant within a year, so it does no permanent damage to fertility," Sassa assured her.
Chryssa's lessons on male anatomy and pleasuring began with her mother using her father for demonstration. Sassa carefully explained the parts of his manhood, noting that a male's erogenous zones were mainly concentrated in and around his pelvis, although his lips, neck, and nipples also responded to stimulation.
She watched her mother skillfully use her hands and mouth to arouse her father's lust. When she saw her mother pump his cock until he ejaculated, Chryssa smiled, since she finally understood why her mother'd insisted she build up her arm muscles by churning all that butter. Over the next several days, she observed her mother perform the equivalent of cunnilingus, calling the act 'fellatio' instead. Even though that act had a different word with regard to a male, she found that 'analingus' was the same word for both sexes, as she watched her mother demonstrate that as well, with her father writhing and bucking with pleasure, reacting to that probing tongue.
Her mother and father then demonstrated coupling in many, many different positions. Obviously men get bored having sex the same way, time after time, so they've invented many new ones, and to be honest, some of them were either strange, ridiculous, or almost impossible to achieve. Her parents did share with her which positions gave more pleasure to the woman, which to the man, and which were mutually beneficial. Her mother also had Chryssa practice with small cucumbers, learning to grip them with not only her cunt, but also with her ass muscles. "Part of the method of pleasuring the man involves learning to control your inner muscles, learning to make them grip and also ripple. If you do this right, you can remain stationary, and the man would swear his cock is being pumped and sucked!"
Like any young person, Chryssa was impatient to actually try what she was being shown on the real thing, not just on cucumbers. After she verbally proved she'd been paying careful attention, she was finally permitted to grasp her father's member with her hands, and begin practicing in earnest. Day after day, while her mother watched, commented, and corrected, Chryssa brought her father to orgasm manually, orally, vaginally, and anally. After that, her mother taught her how to use her feet on his manhood, and also how to wrap her now well developed breasts around his member, receiving his seed on her face and in her mouth. She found that she'd developed quite a liking for the taste of semen, and if his load didn't hit her mouth directly, she often scooped it from her pussy or skin and sucked it off her hands.
Sassa told her, "Excellent. Now you must practice and practice until all these things become second nature to you, daughter. If you did that only with your father, you'd wear him down to a nub." She smiled. "Luckily, you have three brothers, so you may now train with them as often as you can."
As she began working with her brothers, she found that each had his personal fetish. They all fucked her, of course. But Uther relished spanking her ass, making it sore and red before he fucked her. All this stimulation helped her ass to grow into curved spheres whose appearance made men's heads swivel and their sudden erections forced their clothing to tent forward, as they watched her run by. Her brother Lajos preferred toying with her sex, pulling at her labia, fingering her, and even trying to shove his whole hand up inside her, especially when her tunnel was lubricated with his semen. Fariddon, on the other hand, seemed fascinated with her tits, twisting and plucking at them, when he wasn't suckling them. Like her ass, her tits responded by losing their puffy, immature cones and swelling into glorious globes that raise the lust in all that observed them, male and female.
With these brotherly attentions, Chryssa often had soreness at her tits, cunt and ass. She got her own form of sweet revenge. She'd visit her brothers at night to suck more semen from them. They weren't allowed to refuse her, since she must practice constantly. She might only suck a load or two from each, since she wanted their cocks to still be able to function during the day. And they'd better be functional, because, at Martta's suggestion, Sassa now wanted Chryssa to learn how to take on all four men at the same time, using cunt, ass, mouth and hand. With special coaching and some demonstrations from Martta, the young girl became quite skillful in this, as well, before the time arrived for the selection of the Tribute.
Her mother and Martta further insisted that she also pleasure herself regularly, vaginally and anally, with the plentiful cucumbers that grew in their garden. Moreover, she practiced taking them in her mouth, learning to throat them when her father or brothers weren't handy, or when she'd exhausted their dicks completely, and they remained too limp to be useful. She continued taking them into her cunt, gripping them with her inner muscles. But Martta kept selecting larger and larger specimens. Some of these stretched her painfully, until she learned to control the relaxation of her internal muscles as well as control their contractions. A few of these cucumbers were hideously long and wide - very unlike actual male members. Still, Chryssa did as she was told.
No one was permitted to know to what trials the judges might subject the candidates. And the judges and candidates were sworn to secrecy about this sacred process. However, on the day Chryssa was tested, several people noted that the male judges needed to be carried home in sedan chairs, and the female judges staggered home bowlegged.
Chryssa was declared the winner, and a fitting Tribute.
One of her duties was to explain to the new eighteen-year-old women the role of the Tribute, and why they should consider training for it. "We have a critical trading partnership with the peoples of a southern island," she explained. "Each year, we send them a Tribute, a woman between the ages of twenty-one and twenty-five who's highly skilled sexually. This woman spends a year on their island, open to having sex with any who desire it, determined to incite their lust, and deliver to them the greatest pleasures they can imagine. The greater her success, the greater value placed on our trade goods, which benefits our entire economy. Being chosen as Tribute is a high honor, well worth training toward."
She let that thought sink in, then continued, "Of course, there's also a personal reward for performing this duty. The returning Tribute gets a generous monetary stipend for the rest of her years, commensurate with the manner in which she enhanced our economy by her actions. This is usually enough to make her a wealthy, independent woman."
She scanned the eager faces. "Who thinks they'd like to do such training?" Every hand shot up. "Wonderful," she said, grinning. "All right, all of you stand up and get naked." She watched as eyes widened in shock, and was not surprised to see about half the young women get up and strip, while the others blushed and remained seated. "If you want to become the Tribute, you can't afford to be shy about your bodies," she advised them. She'd arrived clothed to address them, but without the slightest hint of embarrassment or shame, she now unpinned her peplos and let it fall to her feet.
She let them feast their eyes on her tanned, nude, voluptuous body, turning and raising her arms to let them see all of herself. "See? Three years ago, my body looked like the ones these brave young ladies have revealed." She indicated the naked ones with a sweep of her arm. "The rigorous training sculpted mine into this shape. Any one of you, with determination and effort, can do the same." She paused a moment. "Of course, you also need a deep lust for sex, and good teachers. I was fortunate enough to have a loving mother and father, three older brothers, plus a willing and generous neighbor - a former Tribute herself. They were all instrumental in my learning process. I wish you all well, whatever you decide."
Soon thereafter, Chryssa took leave of her family, and, with great pomp and fanfare, boarded the sailing ship that would take her south. The mainsail of the ship was emblazoned with a very accurate portrayal of her vulva, proclaiming her dedication to sexuality for all the well wishers. Other than the ship's crew, one member of the panel of judges accompanied her on the trip. His job was to instruct her on the final details of protocol, observe how she was received, and report back about her installation ceremony.
Luckily, they had fair winds, and smooth sailing, and the warm, sunny days passed, one by one. Chryssa felt a bit strange, dressed in a modest tunic-like garment. Even though the mainsail reminded all the crew what was hidden under her skirt, up where her thighs joined together, she wasn't allowed to have sex with anyone on this week's journey. However, she continued eating one leaf of the herb each day, and had brought along enough of it to last her the entire year. If something happened to her supply, she could easily arrange for more to be sent as the trading vessels regularly sailed their goods back and forth between the destination island and her home.
As they sailed into the snug harbor of the tropical island, Chryssa saw small, colorful dots which gradually resolved into a throng of brightly dressed people. However, she'd barely gotten a glimpse of them before the judge who'd accompanied her reminded her that she needed to remain out of sight until the ship docked. Protocol demanded that she make a grand appearance, rather than standing around at the ship's railing staring as they came into port.
When the ship had come to rest and was secured, the judge led her by the hand to the gangplank, and then let her proceed on her own. As Chryssa gracefully descended, she got her first really clear view of the people awaiting her. She was impressed by how tall they were, and mildly surprised at the color of their skin. Her own skin was tanned from long exposure to the sun, but their skin tones ranged from the brown of lightly creamed coffee to the black of polished ebony. The males were amazingly handsome, and the females were dazzlingly gorgeous. All of them maintained a dignified silence, waiting for her to set foot on their land.
Chryssa had been coached carefully about the pattern of the ritual greeting by the accompanying judge during their journey. Therefore, she was not surprised when one of the more imposing figures of a man stepped forward and issued the greeting that started the ritual.
"I am Tahvo, the leader here. I welcome you to our land."
"Thank you, Tahvo. I am Chryssa, this year's Tribute. I am grateful for your welcome."
"Your journey must have been long, Chryssa. Is there anything you require?"
Following the protocol, Chryssa slipped her garment off of her shoulders, exposing her breasts. Cupping them with her hands, she stated, "My breasts have not felt the touch of a man or a woman for seven days. They ache to be caressed."
Tahvo showed her his hands. "These hands, and those of my people, are ready to caress them. Such is our hospitality."
Taking a single step toward him, Chryssa next lifted the hem of her skirt, exposing her sex. Gently pulling her labia apart, she exposed the entrance between them, stating, "My vagina has not been entered by the tongue or fingers of a man or a woman, and has not been filled by a penis for seven days. I seek relief."
Tahvo gestured to the man and the woman who stood on either side of him. They displayed their fingers and their tongue as he told Chryssa, "The fingers and tongues of all our people are ready to provide relief." Lifting the hem of his colorful robe, Tahvo showed Chryssa the largest penis she'd ever seen in her life - even limp it hung more than halfway to his knees. Her eyebrows rose in surprise, but she otherwise managed to maintain her composure as he intoned, "My penis, and those of my countrymen, are ready to end that emptiness of yours. Such is our hospitality."
Taking another step toward him, Chryssa removed her tunic completely, dropping it to the ground. Fully naked, she turned partially away from him and leaned over. Her hands gripped and pulled her ass cheeks apart, exposing her ass hole and stretching it partially open. "My anus has not been penetrated by fingers, tongue, or penis for seven days. I seek succor."
Tahvo, and the man and woman who stood on either side of him all discarded their garments as well. "All of my people stand ready to offer you complete satisfaction. Such is our hospitality," Tahvo assured her.
Turning back to face him, Chryssa stepped into his naked embrace, saying, "I am grateful for such heartfelt hospitality." They kissed, and Chryssa pressed against him, letting her body convey to him that her kiss was genuine.
As the kiss ended, Tahvo asked the question that signaled the final stage of this formal greeting. "How many people do you require for your ceremony of installation, Tribute?"
Looking into his eyes, Chryssa spoke clearly, for the benefit of all of those who stood nearby. "I require two women, and six men for the ceremony."
Now it was Tahvo's eyebrows that rose in surprise. But he smiled gently, and said, "They shall be provided." He signaled four of the waiting women, instructing them, "Please escort our Tribute to her home for the year, and help her prepare for the ceremony." One of the women hurried forward to pick up Chryssa's discarded garment, folding it in her arms as the five of them walked toward the nearby house.
Tahvo beckoned to the judge and ship's crew. Since the ritual was now complete, they were given a friendly escort to a sheltered place where food and drink awaited them. They would receive the privilege of observing Chryssa's installation ceremony before they departed for home the next day.
The women fussed lovingly over Chryssa, bathing her, and massaging her with fragrant oils. They saw to the nails on her hands and feet, trimming them, and painting them with spectacular tiny images of tropical flowers. They arranged her dark hair, with its sun bleached streaked highlights, into a shining, intricate crown and bound its coils with thin adornments of red ribbon.
They dabbed a red salve on her lips, areolae and nipples, highlighting her beauty. As a final touch, they carefully and delicately shaved the black hairs off the very edges of her vaginal lips, and applied that same salve to the exposed portion. Chryssa looked down and was amazed at how those red lips drew her eye.
"Thank you," she told the women, smiling brightly. "I hope that we can do this painting ritual every day." The women hid their mouths behind their hands as they giggled about this statement.
One of the braver ones said, "Any one of us would be honored to do this for you, Tribute. The redness looks especially bright against your fair skin."
They went to the center of the village. Mats were placed there, in the open air, and raised seating platforms allowed all non-participants a good view. Two nude women were waiting for Chryssa. Both were beautiful, with black, curly hair, and flashing dark eyes.
"I'm Binah, and this is Amari," the taller woman said by way of introduction. "We're both thrilled to be chosen for this honor."
Though both of them were brown skinned, like all the people here, Binah's skin had warm, orange-red undertones, while Amari's skin had cool jewel undertones. Other than the hair on their heads, their bodies seemed devoid of any other hair.
Stepping close to them, Chryssa said, "I'm truly blessed to be gifted with such lovely flowers to help me with my ceremony." She kissed each of them sweetly, and caressed their gorgeous breasts gently, watching their nipples swell in response as the breathing rate of both of them sped up with excitement. "Let's start with you, Binah, on your back right here." She gestured to a place near the center of the mat. "I want to use my mouth on your sex. Amari, please play with my body in whatever manner you wish, until Binah cums. Then it will be your turn."
Chryssa got between Binah's legs and lifted them, pressing her knees up and out until they almost touched the outer edges of her generous tits. This tilted her pelvis up toward her belly, and brought her cunt and ass hole into prominent display. Chryssa's tongue went to work, pleasuring the woman with enthusiastic cunnilingus and analingus. For the most part, she ignored the sounds from the audience as they observed.
Meanwhile, Amari knelt alongside and a little behind Chryssa, and began licking and nibbling her ass cheek as her hands moved to Chryssa's dangling breasts. Those hands got busy, pulling and tugging at Chryssa's tits and nipples as if she was milking a cow or a goat. The sensations those hands generated made Chryssa moan loudly, but that moan was muffled by Binah's cunt pressed against her mouth. Her moan did, however, cause Binah's bare labia to vibrate against her lips.
Chryssa soon judged that Binah was ready, so she scooped her hands under the woman's butt to hold her firmly in place. She then flicked her stiffened tongue rapidly back and forth across Binah's clit, to get its attention. Sealing her lips over the opening to the woman's honey pot, she worked her upper lip to massage the swollen clit, as her tongue speared inward, swirling to gather the honey inside. Binah reacted with a shuddering shriek, and unleashed a gush of that honey into Chryssa's open mouth.
As Chryssa helped Binah stretch out her orgasm until the woman's eyes rolled back and she slumped on the mat, her own hips were twitching rhythmically. Amira was still milking one of her tits, but had shifted her other hand to the region where Chryssa's thighs joined. She was swiping her hand along, gathering the copious sexual secretions there. She was smearing them over Chryssa's ass cheek, making certain her finger tips also brushed across the woman's ass hole. Chryssa wasn't quite cumming from these attentions, but she wasn't concerned. Her turn would arise soon.
But now it was Amira's turn. As Chryssa rotated on her hands and knees, Amira also got on her hands and knees and faced away, eagerly presenting her backside to the Tribute. She even tilted her pelvis so that her ass hole and cunt were both very visible. Taking her cue from the way that Amira had touched her, Chryssa scooped some pussy juice from the presented cunt, and wiped it across Amira's ass, making her skin gleam. The Tribute licked and sucked at the brown woman's cunt lips, and then began probing her ass hole with a facile tongue.
If the audience thought that Amira's shriek of pleasure was loud at that point, they must've been amazed at what happened next. Chryssa gathered more of Amira's cunt juice, and slathered the kneeling woman's tits with it. Still performing analingus, Chryssa used one hand to hold the woman's ass steady, while her other hand began a stripping action the started at the base of one of Amira's tits, and ended with a firm squeeze at the base of her nipple, making it visibly swell for a moment before the squeezing fingers popped off its tip. As Chryssa repeated that breast play, over and over, Amira's shrieks intensified to the point where her sounds were making the seats of the onlookers vibrate!
She was howling and bucking, and her actions drove Chryssa's tongue even deeper into her ass. Since Amira was pressing back firmly into Chryssa's face, the Tribute now had her second hand free. She formed it into a wedge, fingers and thumbs together, and pressed it into Amira's sopping cunt, twisting her wrist to make her knuckles bump back and forth over the woman's clit and pee hole. This, together with the tit stripping action and the tongue wriggling deep in her ass hole, caused Amira to have an electrifying orgasm!
The audience broke into loud murmurs as Chryssa's second playmate also slumped into unconsciousness from the intensity of the release provided by her climax. Both Binah and Amira were carefully removed from the mats. They looked like rag dolls, but even though they were out cold, their faces displayed huge smiles of satisfaction. The murmurs of the onlookers turned to clearer sounds of appreciation, and congratulation. But now it was time for the men.
As the Tribute had requested, six men were supplied. They came to the central area in solemn procession, naked, their skins gleaming in the sunlight. Once again, Chryssa was fascinated that, although their skins were basically brown to black, there were so many differing undertones that no two were precisely the same color - she was aware of variants that she might name as copper, clay, umber or sepia - but she ran out of words. All were taller than most of the men she'd known, and had well defined musculature. One was completely bald, and the others wore their hair in differing styles. Obviously, these people took pride in their appearance. Unlike the women, the men had pubic hair adorning their groins, but even here it was neatly groomed. Except their ball sacks needed no such grooming, since they seemed utterly free of hair. The lack of hair made their testicles highly visible, which somehow made them look even larger than she'd imagined.
Tahvo was one of the men, so Chryssa was able to compare his manhood to those of the other men. Their dicks were still rather limp, but all nearly matched Tahvo's in length and impressiveness. As Chryssa stood to greet them, they gave her a ritualistic greeting. Each hugged her briefly, kissing each cheek and then her lips, and then proceeded to kiss her nipples, tongue her belly, and lick her mound, sex, and ass.
By the time all six men had performed this greeting, the air was pungent with the aroma of Chryssa's cunt juices, and the men's arousal became manifest as their cocks stiffened. When she saw how large those truly were as they became swollen, she was grateful that she'd learned how to let her holes stretch with those cucumbers. No wonder Martta had been so insistent, without being allowed to explain the reason why.
As with the women, as the Tribute, it was up to her as to how she wanted to stage this performance. She looked at them, standing in a loose circle around her, slowly pumping their cocks, waiting.
Since her brother Uther was bald, and had used her ass so often, she signaled to the bald man to please get on his back on the center of the mat. Facing his feet and straddling him, she slowly impaled her ass hole on his cock, after lubing that cock and her ass hole liberally with her slippery cunt juices. She sighed happily as her ass hole opened and accepted the stiff fat cock.
Leaning back, she held her labia open, inviting their leader, Tahvo, to insert his dick into her cunt, figuring that since it was the biggest and longest one, her pussy should be able to handle it the easiest. Still, she gasped loudly as he stuffed himself inside her, feeling her cunt stretched to its maximum.
Next, she gestured to two men to stand at each side of her so she could use her hands to jack them off. Once they were in position, she raised her feet and cupped them together to make a shape mimicking her vulva. Beckoning the fifth man, she begged, "Please fuck my feet." Momentarily, he looked shocked, but recovering, he grinned and set to, with a will.
Chryssa addressed the audience. "In a moment, my mouth will be full as this man fucks it." The remaining man, whom she was pointing at, smiled in anticipation. She continued, "Since I'm surrounded by all these wonderful partners, please feel free to leave your seats and wander close for a better look at what we're doing. And to the gentlemen using my body, let me say, I would be happy if you each came where you are. But once you've recovered, and your dick gets hard again, I want each of you to also have a chance to cum inside my cunt. Before you stick your dick into my cunt, though, I want to bathe each of your balls and suck on them, before you plant your seeds inside me."
Instructions complete, she angled her head onto the shoulder of the man fucking her ass, and tilted her head back opening her mouth. It became filled with a tasty cock, and his ball sack nudged her forehead and eyes as he began thrusting. She sucked hard on him, dividing her concentration between her oral skills and the blind manual manipulation she was doing to the cocks of the men at her sides.
She felt the man at her feet spit on them, to make them more slippery, as he fucked her there more rapidly. Tahvo was making happy grunting sounds as he plowed her furrow with his mighty cock. The bald man was holding her pelvis up a little, giving himself room to thrust in and out of her ass. Her cunt and ass were all tingly from the delicious friction of the passionate fucking they were receiving.
The onlookers were milling around, jockeying for good vantage points, watching her mouth being fucked, her tits bouncing and wobbling from the jostling her body was receiving, and her hand movements. Lots of interacting discussions were occurring as the onlookers pointed out this or that thing which caught their eye. Chryssa was much too busy to focus on these subtle conversations, but she was vaguely aware of being pleased to be the center of attention, even though all she could see was darkness created by the scrotum of the man fucking her mouth.
The man that she was jacking off with her right hand made a sound halfway between a cough and a gasp, and, by the tiny impacts of his pubic hairs with her hand, she could tell he was rapidly humping it now. Seconds later, his semen splatted wetly on her right breast. Tahvo must've leaned back to let the ejaculate miss his torso, but he kept fucking her cunt magnificently.
The sight of the semen on her breast may have excited the guy using her mouth past the point of no return. He cried out something meaningless as his load filled Chryssa's mouth! She swallowed it fast, so she wouldn't choke, and then sucked his dick with hollowed cheeks until he felt he'd released what he could and gently backed away from her head.
Able to see once again, she smiled up at Tahvo, and the man whose cock was in her left hand. She was about to encourage the remaining four men when she became aware that the man fucking her feet was changing his rhythm and groaning. She was concerned that he might shoot his cum all over Tahvo's back, but that foot fucker thoughtfully pulled back a little and used his hands to wrap her feet around the head of his dick. She felt his cock twitch several times, and his hot semen was trapped between the soles of her feet, before oozing out and dripping messily onto the mat. As he removed his dick from her feet, he actually massaged his semen into their skin - it felt wonderful!
Chryssa was building toward an orgasm of her own by this point. Subconsciously, she'd decided to try to get the guy she was jacking off with her left hand to cum next, realizing that she needed to sharpen her skills with that hand. She was looking at that cock as she pumped it, focused on the man's body language and facial expressions. Therefore, her eyes widened in surprise when the cock reaming her ass hole suddenly unloaded, flooding her rectum! The guy beneath her was panting, but he made no other sound as he came. He did, however, lower her hips to keep his dick firmly planted in her ass, once his spurts ceased.
The people watching were unaware that Chryssa's ass had just been anointed internally with hot spunk. Unaware, that is, until she cried out, "Oooo! Yes! Yes! I love the feeling of cum jetting deep into my ass like that! Keep shooting, please! Give my back passage all you can!"
This caused excited titters to rip through the crowd, and several of the ship's crew, who were wearing trousers, suddenly found their erections pressing the cloth forward into cock tents. One or two of them had wet spots at the peak of their tent. Chryssa had made them ejaculate just by letting them see, smell, and hear this amazingly erotic coupling.
Her statement also proved to be too much for the man on her left. With a howl of release, his dick began spewing onto her left tit. Grinning, she pumped and pumped, aiming his load to paint her tit with his hot, aromatic man juices.
Now only Tahvo remained, and Chryssa's concentration was no longer divided in the service of six men at the same time. Now she could focus on how wonderfully his awe-inspiring cock was reaming her pussy. Her red edged labia seemed to cling to his cock as it slid outward, trying to suck it back inside. Every time he plunged inward, its girth pulled at her labia so forcefully that her swollen clit was tugged downward, with its sensitive head skittering over the tiny ridges formed by the distended veins on the cock's surface. Chryssa was nearing her peak from this joyful stimulation, but she wanted to climax with Tahvo, not before him. And her practiced eye could tell that he was close. He'd only need a little verbal encouragement, she judged.
"Please fill me, Tahvo! Let your seed be the first to bathe my womb!" she pleaded loudly, stroking his arms and chest with her hands, letting their actions reinforce the communication of her need.
Hearing this, his hips started a movement similar to a jackhammer, pounding her passionately. Moments later, he grabbed her hips and rammed himself fully into her, holding her pelvis motionless as he erupted in her depths!
Her pelvis might've been motionless, but her torso was not. As she felt him climax inside her, her shoulders rose up and down as she curled and uncurled, over and over, her tits wobbling and slapping together, catching everyone's attention. As she was thrashing, she shrieked, "I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Oh fuck! I'm cumming!" Her sounds became a throaty growl as she lost control. More trousers showed wet spots. The onlookers had never witnessed such raw sexuality!
When Chryssa regained her senses, she found that she had her arms around Tahvo's neck, and her legs wrapped around his torso, holding him close. Her pussy and ass were still nicely stuffed with two firm specimens of manhood. Tahvo kissed her, and, a little breathless still, she returned his kiss with fervor as she untangled herself from him. He eased himself out of her cunt, and helped lift her up off the cock wedged in her ass hole, letting her rest back on the mat.
Turning to the other five men, he reminded them, "The Tribute wishes to taste your balls, and wants every one of you to spend your seed inside her vagina, to conclude this ceremony."
One by one, the six chosen men knelt or squatted near her face, each bringing his scrotum to her mouth. Using her hand to not only lift the man's cock up out of the way, but also to caress it in ways geared to increase his arousal, she used her tongue, exploring every part of his ball sack. Once the sack was thoroughly bathed, she sucked in each ball and fluttered her tongue over it lewdly, inflaming his desires anew. To a man, when she finished worshiping this body part, they scooted down her body and took her - took her forcefully! Fucked her like a man so consumed by lust that only planting his seed in her womb would quench his needs!
Their passion was so infectious that Chryssa achieved orgasm with each and every one of them, to the astonishment of the entire village, and the ship's crew. A sort of general orgy ensued, with the villagers coupling together, even inviting the ship's crew and the judge that had accompanied her on this trip to join with them.
Exhausted, but blissful, Chryssa fell asleep on the mat, warm and snug in a sort of nest formed by the bodies of the six men that had anointed her sex with their semen. There were enough extra women present that none of the visitors slept alone that night.
The next morning, Tahvo told the judge, "When you return home, inform your people that this year they've provided a Tribute unparalleled in our mutual trading history. Accordingly, your trade goods will be given the greatest value that they've ever experienced before. Please report our highest gratitude to any and all."
Chryssa stood naked on the beach with her arm around Tahvo, waving goodbye to the ship and its passengers as they hoisted sail, leaving the harbor. They were taking the first load of trade goods back to her land, along with a note to her parents and brothers expressing her happiness here. She ran her hand softly over the skin on his chest, which felt like chocolate silk. Sighing, she gestured at the people nearby them - people that hadn't taken part in her installation ceremony - that had only watched it. "My friends," she began, "my time as Tribute only lasts one short year. Does anyone have need of my tongue, hands or body? Tahvo has spread out this nice soft blanket. Surely someone will help me find a use for it."
She was greeted with a rousing cheer, as several eager men and women hurried forward.