Strip-Off: Chaos!
Part 6
Arrow waved at the audience, the majority of which was sitting on sets of bleachers hitched to golf carts. They were standing on a beach- the very same beach where the final challenge from the first Strip-Off had played out. The four contestants were standing behind the starting line, waiting in anticipation.
"Welcome, fellow perverts, to the final Strip-Off challenge! I'm your host, Arrow Ace, and like before, the final challenge is the Racy Race! Here are the teams!"
The moderately-sized screen next to the starting line displayed the teams: Maya and Lilith vs. Pup and Isabelle.
Isabelle sighed. "Aww, man... I wanted to win with Lilith..."
Lilith smiled. "Aww, sweetie... don't worry, even though I'm playing around with other girls on this show, you're always the only one I love. You are still comfortable with me fucking other girls, right?"
Isabelle blushed, getting a bit wet at the thought of it. "Uh... yes... I'm MORE than comfortable..."
Pup rolled her eyes. "Just explain the rules, please."
Arrow smiled. "Alright! First off, partners for this race should put on handcuffs. The first team to get both of their members across the finish line first, wins. Secondly, there are challenges meant for two people along the way, so you will have to work together in order to win. Third- no cheating! Cheaters lose their clothes."
Isabelle blushed. "Uhh... I'm not wearing any, though...?"
Lilith whispered in her ear. "Special punishments, remember? Lose any more clothes, and you'll have to wear a sex toy for a week..."
Isabelle turned red. "U-uhm... haven't I been humiliated enough...? You walked me around town naked..."
Maya grinned. "Sexy as fuck. I'm jealous, honestly. Those nice, toned muscles sure are something..."
Arrow waved their hand. "Alright, alright, enough of that. Everyone ready? I'm gonna load the dildo."
Arrow started stroking their novelty dildo, and shouted out: "Ready! Set! GO!"
As usual, the race started with a shower of fluid raining down on the contestants. The audience cheered as the contestants rushed off towards the first challenge, the moving bleachers following behind them slowly.
Isabelle and Pup made it to the first challenge, which was simply a note on a table. It read: "Cum within two seconds of your partner before proceeding."
Pup grinned. "Well, this one is easy, isn't it? We're both already naked, after all... Doesn't this turn you on...?"
Isabelle blushed. "U-uh, hold on a moment, I need to prepare myself..."
Pup licked her lips. "Nope. You can't escape me!"
Isabelle struggled to pull away, but the handcuff prevented her from doing so. She tripped, falling onto the sand, with Pup falling on top of her. Pup took the opportunity to rub her naked body on Isabelle, who began to mumble and blush, becoming aroused.
Maya and Lilith arrived next. Upon looking at the paper, they looked at each other and smiled.
Lilith chuckled. "Well, hey, there, sexy. You wanna cum with me?"
Maya nodded. "Here, let me help you out..."
Having only one free hand each, they both fingered each other while making out. Seeing this from her position pinned under Pup, Isabelle got more excited.
Isabelle whispered: "P-please... Pup... I'm about to cum..."
Pup laughed. "Hold it in... you don't get to cum until I do!"
Isabelle moaned, bucking her hips and begging. She was used to being denied by Lilith, so she was able to hold in her pleasure, but she was tormented nonetheless as she screamed and shouted, writhing in pleasurable agony.
Finally, Pup shouted out: "I'm cumming!" and Isabelle quickly followed suit. It took them some time to awkwardly untangle themselves and get up from the sand while handcuffed, and Lilith and Maya both came as they stood up. They all began running towards the next challenge together.
The crowd hooted and hollered at the marvelous display that Pup and Isabelle had put on. Once again, Pup and Isabelle arrived at the next challenge first. There were what looked to be two enema pumps, along with instructions.
"Fill a bucket up to full with enema from both of your asses before proceeding past said buckets."
Isabelle blushed. "M... my ass...? I've never..."
Pup laughed. "It's fine, I'll do it. You just need to come with me." She dragged Isabelle to the machine and stuck the plunger up her ass. She moaned as the fluid went inside her, filling her up. It seemed like she had done this before- she filled herself up so much that her stomach bulged a bit. Pup had a mischievous grin on her face.
"Ohhh, my ass feels sooooo full... It'll feel sooo good running like this..."
Pup and Isabelle ran towards their bucket as Lilith and Maya arrived. Pup gasped and moaned as she ran, clenching her asshole and panting like a dog. Fluid leaked out of her tight hole as they ran. Once they finally reached the bucket, Pup squatted over it obscenely and let out all the enema she had been carrying, causing the audience to cheer.
The bucket was filled, and Isabelle moved to step past it, when Arrow suddenly shouted out: "Penalty to Isabelle!"
Isabelle paled. "What? We filled the-"
Arrow chimed in. "Correction! PUP filled the bucket. The instructions said to fill it with enema from BOTH of your asses. Pick a sex toy!"
Arrow whipped out a folding table seemingly out of midair, and placed a ton of sex toys on it. There were vibrators, chastity belts, gels, lotions, sexy roleplay outfits, bondage gear... Isabelle turned red, looking them over and trying to decide which one would be the least embarrassing.
Suddenly, Maya and Lilith ran up to their bucket. Maya squatted down over the bucket and sighed in relief as enema flooded out of her, through her porous suit's panties. Lilith moaned. "Hurry, hurry, I can't hold it much longer..."
Pup sighed. "Hurry up, they're catching up! Pick one, and hurry back to the enema pump!"
Isabelle picked up a pill labeled "Timed Aphrodisiac" and put it in her mouth. She and Pup ran back to the start for more enema.
Lilith and Isabelle, meanwhile, ran towards the next challenge. When they arrived, they saw two massage-style vibrators on a table with instructions: "Carry a vibrator set to its max setting to the next challenge using all of your boobs. If you drop it, pick it up with your hands, come back here, and start over."
Lilith sighed. "This is gonna be hard. My chest is... uh... meager."
Maya slapped her on the back. "It's fine, I have enough cleavage for the both of us. Besides, your chest is pretty! I bet your girlfriend loves it."
Maya grabbed the vibrator, set it to its max setting, and lodged it in her ample bosom, and quickly pressed it up to Lilith's chest. They both winced a little at the stimulation.
Lilith sighed. "Your boobs are really soft..."
Maya laughed. "Thanks. Now, step sideways. Front foot first. One, two, one, two..."
Isabelle and Pup came running in from behind, having just finished the enema challenge. Isabelle was looking noticeably red now, rubbing her thighs together a bit and breathing heavily. Her asshole was still wet from the enema that had been forced inside her. Looking at the challenge, Isabelle and Pup lodged the remaining vibrator between them and began walking towards the goal.
Lilith and Maya finally reached the last challenge. They dropped the vibrator, gasping in relief- Lilith's nipples were noticeably hard and round from the stimulation, and she blushed as Maya flicked them playfully.
Lilith looked at the final challenge. "Attach the four-pronged nipple chain to all of your nipples, and cross the finish line with them still attached."
The chain in question was really two nipple chains, both attached to a singular weight. It looked quite heavy.
Maya sighed. "See, it's times like this I wish I had your boobs. Yours don't jiggle, and clamps stay on small boobs easier."
Lilith shrugged. "Your cute lil' nips are hard enough from that last challenge. I think we will be okay."
Lilith carefully attached the clamps to both her own and Maya's breasts. They broke out into a run for the final hundred meters of the beach. The audience cheered as they watched Maya's breasts bounce up and down, the shifting weight tugging at both of their nipples and causing both of them to moan in ecstasy. They both clearly were aroused, their love juice soaking through their suit bottoms. Finally, they crossed the finish line.
Arrow called out: "Race over! The winners are Maya and Lilith! Boy, that wasn't even CLOSE. Let's check in on our other two contestants, shall we?"
Arrow clicked a button on their remote. The screen switched over to Isabelle, who was desperately fingering herself at the start of the first challenge.
Isabelle moaned. "I'm sooooo horny... I thought the pill wouldn't be so bad, but it just built up over time, and... and... mmm, please, I need you, you look soooo sexy, Pup..."
Arrow spoke into the mic, which caused their voice to echo through the loudspeaker system installed across the beach. "Hey, the race is over! You two lost. Pick two sex toys from the table over there: EACH!"
There was a conveniently placed table with the same sex toys on it nearby. Pup eagerly grabbed up the dog ears and the doggy tail plug, moaning as she shimmied it into her tight asshole. She let out a small "Woof" as she did so.
Arrow grinned. "That counts as one toy, by the way. You gotta act like a dog with those on."
Pup picked up a collar and put it around her neck. It had the word "Bitch" written on it.
Isabelle immediately went for a bullet vibrator and a vibrating buttplug, eagerly shoving them both into herself and masturbating with them. She gasped in pleasure, spreading her legs and fingering her throbbing pussy in front of the camera. "I'm soooo horny... I don't care anymore, I just wanna cum over and over...!"
Pup crawled over to her. "Let me help you, woof..." She began licking hungrily at Isabelle's wet, pink pussy, occasionally stopping to kiss or nibble at her swollen clit.
Isabelle cried out in pleasure as she began to come. Pup retreated back a bit, seemingly thinking that Isabelle was satisfied. But she pleaded with Pup to continue: "Uhnn, noooo, please, keep going...! I'm sooo horny, I'm not satisfied yet...!"
Arrow shrugged. "Uh... well, the beach opens back up to the public soon, so I guess they will be coming into quite the treat. Lilith, Maya, you're free to go. That's it for the challenges, folks- the awards ceremony will be next week! See you all soon!"