How much do you love me?
The question alone posted the problem of what kind of an answer was she looking for. Sure I loved her but any time she asked things like this it was a test of some sort. Whatever the test was I was going to pass.
"You know I love you," I told her. "Think about all the things I've done for you, haven't I followed your instructions well enough to prove that?"
Suzi liked her men to be, well obedient would be putting it mildly. She was a passionate and driven woman and preferred her life be filled with excitement and laughs. To her that often meant me being the butt of a joke or the bare butt of a joke. I didn't really mind her little whimsical demands most of the time. Sure, I'd been in some embarrassing situations. I'd been exposed to most of her friends and the housekeeper but she was a very rewarding woman and I like nicer things. Why not play along if the sex is good and you're getting treated well.
"Then you wouldn't mind if we had some fun this weekend?" she cooed in my ear, curling up next to me as we watched the ball game on the television.
"No," I nervously told her. "Of course not babe, anything you want."
What the hell was I thinking? I mean sure, I probably wasn't. The combination of her soft spoken voice in my ear, her firm and ample breasts pressing up against me and her hand stroking my cock as she asked couldn't have had anything to do with my answer... Nevertheless, I should have asked what she had in mind.
"Great," she smiled. "I think I might take you dancing somewhere."
With that she said she was tired and wanted to head up to bed. She promised that we'd have a good time Friday night and that it'd be a night neither of us would ever forget. There it was...the nudge, nudge, wink, wink. She obviously had something in mind that was going to be more of her little sexcapades.
All week long I was a bit distracted by the threat of what loomed in the distance. I'd known Suzi long enough to know that she wasn't without her faults and her penchant for pushing the envelope when it came to showing off, or rather showing me off, had been proven a long time ago. Thursday night rolled around and she brought home a pair of slacks and shirt she said she wanted me to wear to the club with her on Friday. Of course, the dress she was wearing was killer. It was a low neckline mini dress that hung loosely to her cleavage while holding snug against her firm thighs and cute little ass. Maybe this would be a good time.
Friday afternoon rolled around and we had an early dinner. We both got dressed and as I watched her primping in front of the mirror, wearing only her heels, I felt a satisfied feeling in me. This was the most beautiful woman I'd ever known and she was mine. I'll admit though, for dancing, I expected her to put a little more on. She slid into the dress nicely but had forgone the bra and panty set she had out.
We were off and running to the Cities and it was a beautiful night for a drive. The sunset was exceptional and I was invigorated by the smell of her perfume mixing in the wind as we opened the sunroof on her Infiniti. When we finally got to the bridge over the Mississippi I asked her where we were heading.
"A friend of mine bought an old tavern on the outskirts of Port City. There's a decent dance floor, a stage for special events and for people to dance on if they're good and a dj. I thought it'd be nice to go check it out and support her during her first couple months and maybe show you off a little," she told me. "She said it's out in the county and the sheriffs don't come out there unless called so you never know what kind of excitement I might find for us."
So we were slumming it. That explained the scant apparel and the way she was practically eye fucking me from the drivers seat.
Be the time we arrived at the joint, a little place called "J.T's", it was a little after dark. There was a little hint of a chill in the air and the parking lot was pretty open with only a handful of cars there.
The inside was nicer than I imagined. It was or had been a country styled place at one point and from the looks of things the former owners hadn't exactly kept it up well. Suzi's friend Jenna ran over to us as we walked in, the girls exchanging a hug and to my surprise a long open mouthed kiss that lasted for nearly a minute. When they finally broke their embrace Suzi introduced me as her boyfriend. The two shared a snicker together that reminded me of two high school girls.
"So," Suzi asked, "We're good for the night?"
"You two kids knock yourselves out..." She told her as she went back to the bar area.
We found our way to a table for drinks, drinks and more drinks. We were both enjoying a pretty good buzz when the dj finally put on some music that was more our pace. My girl grabbed me by the hand and we walked out on the floor to a slow and saucy song. As we were dancing I noticed not too many people were even aware of the dance floor. There were a couple of girls and guys dancing together but it seemed like the girls were more interested in each other than anything else. After a couple of songs and things really getting heated I was half hard and Suzi had her hands in my shirt after unbuttoning half the buttons. When the music stopped we went back to the table and sat down to another round. Suzi slid her chair over towards mine and began to run her fingers down my chest, unbuttoning my shirt down to my waist. It didn't seem to bother anyone and when I looked around she just assured me that Jenna wouldn't complain.
As we were sitting there I heard the two girls on the dance floor yelling in our direction. Neither of them was as hot as Suzi was but they were both attractive in their own right. One of them a curvy blonde with a great ass and nice tits while the other one was a sultry Latina with a demure body, wearing a short skirt and jacket with her purple lace bra showing. They were calling for Suzi to join them and with some encouragement she went for it.
As Suzi got out to the floor a slower song started and she started to turn back. The blonde, who I later found out was named Shelly, wrapped her arms around her and started to sway to the music. The Latina moved in behind my girl and wrapped her arms around her, to my surprise, putting both hands on her chest. As I sat there watching, having to readjust myself from the excitement, I noticed that the Latina girl who I found out was named Racquel, had slid her hands inside my girls dress. My girl was in the middle of them and enjoying the attention as she dropped her head against Racquel while the two girls ran their hands all over her body. I was getting a little nervous about the show they were putting on when I looked over to the bar and noticed Jenna applauding the show. Then, by the time I turned my head back to the action, the girls had unclipped the top of Suzi's dress and slid it down in front of her all the way to her waist. She was dancing topless out there in front of everybody, including the other guys in the room.
This went on for a while until the music stopped. Before it was done I'd seen my girls bare ass exposed as the girls took turns reaching under her skirt, finally just lifting it out of the way. I wondered to myself if she regretted not wearing panties or a bra when the music ended and the girls all enjoyed a big hug before Suzi returned to the table. As she walked off the floor, fanning herself, she left the top to her dress down, letting her magnificent tits sway slightly as she walked. Coming back over to me she gave me a big hug and a kiss as she sat in the chair next to me.
"Aren't you going to cover up?" I asked.
"It's kind of hot in here," she answered. "Don't you agree?"
"Well, ya, it is getting pretty hot in here," I told her. It wasn't just me, I swore the temperature in the bar was pretty warm.
Jenna brought over beers and sat beside us for a bit as the girls chatted. "I see you're having fun," she told Suzi.
"You know me," Suzi smiled, taking a long drink of her beer.
"Good," Jenna told her. "I hate to say it but stories like this will drive in the crowds and I'd love to see more people out here if I'm going to put some money into the place."
"Really," Suzi laughed, reaching over and unbuttoning the last button on my shirt before sliding it off my shoulders.
"Now that's more like it," smiled Jenna as she stared at me. "I'm glad to see you found someone that gets you excited again."
"You ought to see him when I've got him at home. He's built from head to toe," Suzi exclaimed. "I hardly ever let him wear clothes."
"Really," she said surprisingly. "Too bad you decided to tonight."
Both the girls looked at me with a whimsical look on their faces as if they were secretly plotting something telepathically. Then as if on cue, Suzi piped up and said, "Well it is kind of hot in here."
"That little show you just put on out there will do that," said Jenna. "But if you can get this stud to show it off as much as you do I'll buy your next round. In fact, drinks are on me for the rest of the night."
"Really?" asked Suzi. "Is that a bet?"
"Sure!" Jenna said excited. "I like the sound of that."
I personally didn't like the sound of what I was hiring but they seemed to have forgotten for the moment that I was even there.
"What's the terms?" asked Suzie.
"Be nice?" I kind of timidly begged.
"If you can get him all the way out of his clothes drinks are on me for the rest of the night... But he has to stay that way for at least a half hour."
Suzie looked over at me with a gleam in her eye.
"So what if I get him out of them longer?"
"If you can get him out of them for the rest of the night...drinks are on me for as long as I own the bar," Jenna chuckled, staring directly at my chest.
"All he has to do is sit here?" asked Suzi, obviously digging the idea more and more.
"Oh no honey," laughed Jenna. "I think everyone is going to want to see him strutting his stuff."
And if I can't do it my little trouble magnet wondered aloud.
Then that cute little dress comes off in here once a week for a month. Jenna laughed as she patted Suzi on the shoulder before heading over to the bar.
"You've got me," I said. "That's a good one. You certainly got me nervous."
"Honey," Suzi looked into my eyes. It was the first moment that I realized the girls weren't joking. They just made a real bet for drinks and for Suzi to win I was obviously going to be the entertainment.
"No," I protested as she leaned over to me, her gorgeous tan bosom sticking out in front of me. As I refused to play along with this she climbed off her chair and straddled me right there.
"I want you to take off your clothes, everything but your shoes are coming off. Do you understand?" With that she gave me crotch a vicious squeeze that brought a tear to my eye. I tried to withstand the temptation to give in to her demands but it was to no avail. The same part of me that liked it when she paraded me around her friends or made me go for hikes around the ranch with her, was quietly urging me to cooperate. As I sat there, not moving, I felt her undoing my belt and sliding my zipper down.
Suzi stood up and pulled me up to my feet. I wanted to resist but followed along with her urgings in an almost trance like fashion. My heart was beating harder than it'd ever beat as she took my hands and raised them above her shoulders. Before I knew what I'd done I was stepping out of my pants and was now completely nude in a public bar. As I stood there, hearing Jenna's applause, Suzi picked up my pants and left me standing there as she rushed them and my shirt out to her car.
When she got back she took me by the hand and led me to the bar for our next drink. Awkwardly I sat there on a bar stool next to my girlfriend with a bar full of strangers staring on at me.
"You got him that far but will he last till the nights over?"
"He'll have to, I just took his clothes out to the metal trash bin and lit them on fire. He'll be like this until we go home," she laughed...