The Nudist Camp
And a wannabe Gerhard Riebicke
Dave, Suzi and Muriel have appeared in my other "Dave" stories. I've changed the title to freshen it up a bit and take it in a new direction. I've tried to provide background within the narrative of this story, but if you'd like to read the others, please do. Feedback, suggestion and votes always welcome.
Thanks to DominaDearest for proof reading the original and adding her bit of magic, very much appreciated x

"She's such a tart!"
"Who, what?" Said Suzi, not really listening and barely lifting her head from her phone.
"Muriel. The builders have arrived to renovate the old shower block and I can see four of them in hard hats and high-vis jackets and Muriel's just stood there in her birthday suit, naked as the day she was born, chatting away."
Suzi swiveled in her chair and looked over her shoulder. "Looks like fun." She said, turning back with a cheeky grin on her face.
We were sat on the deck of our cabin waiting for our daily 'team meeting'. If it were warm enough we would be naked but today I had on shorts and a light sweatshirt, Suzi wearing dungarees and a tee-shirt. Muriel always went for a nude early morning walk, covering herself with a blanket if needs be when she sat down for coffee with us.
It had been two weeks since the village fete and Suzi and Muriel's 'Lady Godiva' double act had gained not only local headlines but had even made some of the nationals. This combined with the favorable article in H&E naturist magazine and a spell of fine weather meant that we had been inundated with enquiries and bookings. It was still early in the season but some weekends were already fully booked, hence the renovation of the shower block so that guest could come and camp if they wanted to. The shower block like much of the camp had become very run down; Muriel and her late husband Jim unable to keep up with it.
On Mondays a couple of ladies from the village would come and help clean the chalets but other than that it was just the three of us, me doing mainly grounds work, minor repairs, mowing, cleaning the pools etc and Suzi and Muriel looking after everything else. We were very busy but loving the challenge and loving the life style.
"She wouldn't, would she?" I spoke to myself.
"Wouldn't what?"
"Well Muriel has just walked off towards the big old barn, arm in arm with two of the builders."
"I don't think she would but if she does good luck to her." Suzi said, getting up and coming and sitting beside me so she could see what was going on.
Muriel was now out of sight and Suzi lost interest, going back to her phone instead. I however was on high alert, feeling protective of Muriel and maybe a bit jealous of the builders.
"Well if they did they didn't last long." I said fifteen minutes later as Muriel came jauntily towards us with a big smile on her face, Suzi digging me in the ribs.
"Morning you two, it's a fresh one this morning."
"Morning Muriel, come and sit down, I'll put on some fresh coffee."
I couldn't help smirking a little as I said, "I see you met the builders."
"Yes lovely chaps, very efficient, they say they should be finished in three days."
"Well I hope you didn't distract them too much from their work." Suzi said, returning with the coffee.
Muriel laughed, "Maybe just a little, you should've seen their faces when I came around the corner and stood in front of them, they know this is a nudist camp but I don't think they expected me to be so bold." She took a sip of her coffee "That's lovely, good and strong, thank you." After a moment she continued, "I know I'm use to being naked but I have to tell you that having four new pairs of eyes on me gives me such a thrill, makes me feel all tingly and alive. I have big nipples anyway but the chill weather and their stares made them harder and bigger than ever, the poor boys were mesmerized, I'm such a tart" We all laughed and agreed.
My nosiness finally got the better of me "I see you went for a walk with two of them."
Suzi gave me a sharp look but I knew she was as nosy as me, Muriel's face lit up with a knowing look, her eyes seemingly twinkling as she looked at the two of us. With a silly, almost bimboish voice she said, "Well my pussy so was so wet I just had to take those two hunks and suck them and fuck them for all they were worth."
I think a bit of both of us knew she was joking but as we sat there open mouthed I was the first to break.
"Did you?"
"No of course I didn't silly, I might be an exhibitionist tart but I'm not a complete slag, well, not most of the time anyway."
She knew we wanted more gossip but decided to string us along for a bit.
"I wanted to show them my crack." She left this hang in the air a moment as we all smiled "You know, the one in the wall of the barn not the one between my legs."
"I wouldn't put that past you either, tart." Suzi said
"Takes one to know one." Muriel beamed.
"I know, I'm getting turned on listening to you and when I saw you standing in front of them flashing your tits and fanny I felt I was missing out on something."
"I think if you went over there naked Suzi, they'd definitely get no work done." Muriel said and we all laughed.
"Shall I tell you what our little walk was actually all about?"
"Please do." We both said.
"Well they're actually a family of builders, Bill and his three sons. The youngest is James and only him and his dad were able to even look at my face, after a few minutes anyway. The other two ignoramuses could only stare at my tits and snatch the whole time I was there. I was explaining to Bill that I had always wanted to convert the barn into a clubhouse and bar area but never thought it would be viable. But what with the vavavoom you two have put into me and into this place I think we might manage it. Anyway I asked him would he have a look at the barn and come up with a price for the conversion. He said he could look at it now and get back to me by the end of the week. James said he loved photography and taking pictures of old buildings and factories and did I mind if he came and had a look also. His two idiot brothers mocked him for this which is why I put my arms through the two of theirs and marched them to the barn, I think I might have wiggled my arse a bit as we were walking, to show them what they were missing out on."
We were smiling at her, her enthusiasm for the camp and her ballsiness and attitude were enthralling and infectious.
"What did they think of the barn?"
"Well, whilst Bill walked around having a good look, me and James stood talking. It's a bit surreal and refreshing being stood naked talking to a rather handsome young man who's more enthused about old pieces of farm machinery and the way the light shines through than he is my tits and bum. I found him charming and felt a kindred spirit. He told me he had just finished an engineering course but was much more interested in photography than he was in building. Then he mentioned the work of Gerhard Riebicke and my heart nearly missed a beat."
We both looked at each other then at Muriel, wanting her to continue and neither of us having ever heard of this Riebicke
"Then his father came back and started talking about the barn so our conversation finished but I said I'd pop along later and see how their getting on, hopefully I'll talk to James some more then."
"He sounds like a nice chap, but who's this Gerhard Riebicke and what did Bill say about the barn?" Suzi asked, sounding a little exasperated at Muriel's story telling.
"Sorry dear I keep going off at tangents, Bill said the barn looked structurally sound and the project was doable, although maybe quite expensive as it's an empty shell, he'll let me know. Riebicke was a German photographer working in the early part of the last century; he was part of the free body culture movement. He's famous for his nude photos of people playing sport and dancing or sunbathing."
We nodded for her to go on,
"The free body movement promoted nudism and naturism as a healthy, natural way of life, rather than a sexual thing. Riebicke documented this wonderfully; look him up on the web."
Suzi got her phone and we were soon looking at lovely black and white photos of very healthy, good looking Germans playing ball, doing gymnastics and dancing, all completely naked.
Suzi was the first to speak, "I can see what you mean, they do look good, I love black and white anyway, but these are great, they'd make you want to strip off and join in, don't you agree Dave?"
"Definitely, they're great shots, some quite explicit but not pornographic. You say James knows this work, I wonder if he's ever taken any like this."
"I don't know but it'll be interesting to talk to him some more. The suns warming up a bit now, will you join me in the buff?"
We both looked at each other, knowing the answer. I was nude in about 2 seconds, only having two loose items to remove. The warmth of the sun and being with Muriel and Suzi had its usual effect on me and I had a semi erection
"I think Dave rather enjoyed looking at the Riebicke pictures, don't you Suzi?" So the banter begins.
I was to be cleaning the pools and cutting some grass on the mini tractor that day while Suzi was helping Muriel with some paperwork.
I did the pools first and then had to walk up and get the tractor. My walk took me past the shower block and I wondered what response I would get. All four of them were outside having a tea break. I smiled to myself, the great British builder and their never ending tea break is a classic stereotype and as such this appealed to my sense of humour. Naked men walking past is not part of the stereotype.
The older man and one of his sons who I guessed to be James acknowledged me and said hello, another son wouldn't look at me at all whilst the last stared at me like he had a bad smell under his nose. Such is life.
The lawns were reasonably short already so the mini tractor made short work of them, the last couple I had to do were by the shower block. About thirty feet from the block on the east side is a high edge which separates it from a tennis court. I was on the far side of the tennis court looking over when I thought I saw two heads popping up just above the hedge. Smiling to myself and thinking I knew what was going on, I got off the tractor and walked over. Sure enough Muriel and Suzi were on the other side of the hedge with their backs to the men, who all seemed to be messing with the same small bit of pipe work.
The top of the hedge was level with my shoulders and level with the girls eyes, as I looked over they were both giggling, making their boobs jiggle delightfully; trying to keep a straight face I asked them what they were doing.
"Pruning the hedge." Said Muriel
"I thought you did this one last week."
"That was a different one silly." Said Suzi, both of them giggling even more.
"I seem to have dropped my secateurs, silly me." Suzi said as she deliberately dropped them to the ground and then bent at the waist to pick them up, giving the men a glorious full moon to look at. I wished I could see what they were seeing, as it was all I could see was their bulging eyes and their bulging pants.
As Suzi slowly straightened up Muriel smiled and said, "You're a bold bitch." And then taking Suzi's hand and turning, walking towards the men, she said, "Bill do you have anything to sharpen my loppers, they seem a bit blunt."
It took Bill a moment to find his voice, swallowing hard a few times first, "Not with me but I'll bring something tomorrow."
"You're a darling, see you tomorrow." With that the girls sauntered only a few feet from the men, heading back towards the main reception. I gave up on the lawns and headed after them.
When I got there they were in fits of laughter, saying things like, "That was so much fun, did you see his face when I did this or you said that?"
"What are you two like, how long were you up there?" I asked, smiling but feeling a bit left out.
"About 15 minutes before you arrived."
"I thought you were doing paperwork."
"The weather was too nice and that was great fun, we went up there with the idea of talking to James about his photography, under the pretence of gardening"
"Did you talk to him?"
"Briefly, then the rest of them came to have a gawk so we decided to have a bit of fun instead."
Something must have changed in my expression because Suzi said, "Don't be getting all jealous, it was only a bit of fun."
"I'm not jealous, just wished I could have seen it, what were you doing?"
"Things like this." Suzi started talking fast, throwing her arms around animatedly making her boobs jiggle.
"I made out I was mad, talking ten to the dozen, then I would go quiet and reserved, turning to Muriel and rubbing off her accidently on purpose, they didn't know what to make of me."
"It was a great show, I particularly enjoyed the rubbing."
"I bet you bloody did." I said laughing, "What did James say?"
"He said they'd be finished Thursday and did we mind if he came here Friday to take some photos, we said of course he could and we'd talk some more then."
The girls stayed away from the workmen for the next few days, allowing them to get on with their work undistracted, although I think Muriel greeted them each morning which I'm sure gave them a cheery start.
By the Thursday afternoon they were finished and the block looked great, new plumbing and fixtures and clean, modern looking tiles gave the whole place a fresh, welcoming look. Bill said he'd be back next week to give Muriel a detailed costing for the barn conversion and they were off. The three of us came out naked to say goodbye which got us a mixture of smiles, stares and grimaces.
Around 6am Friday I heard a car pull up and got up to investigate. James had arrived early and I got dressed and went out and met him.
"Bit early for nudity?" He said to me smiling
"Bit bloody cold for nudity." I smiled back
"I thought I'd arrive early and get a chance to shoot different lights as the morning gets brighter."
He started to unload what I thought was some impressive looking kit, not that I knew much about it.
"Do you want a hand carrying that lot?"
"That would be great, thanks."
We chatted as we walked, "You must be fairly serious about it to have all this gear."
"I am, most of it's second hand but its good quality, nowadays when everyone's got good camera's on their phones you have to go that bit further to get a different quality, but the finished product is worth it."
I nodded which gave him license to start explaining things to me, most of which I didn't really understand other than that as well as digital cameras he had one that still took film and he'd recently gotten some black and white film from an uncle and was looking forward to using it. This reminded me of the conversation about Gerhard Riebicke and I asked him about that. He told me he had fallen in love with the old images after coming across them in an old magazine and had really gotten into it since.
"Not just Riebicke but also symbolism and I've started collecting postcards of the period, many of them are French, a little bit saucy but innocent at the same time, at least by modern day standards."
I didn't know much about any of this although it sounded interesting.
"I won't keep you from your work, anytime you feel like a coffee pop up to the chalet. The kettles always on."
He nodded and said he would. I left and went back for a coffee myself. It was still before seven but the sun was starting to warm what looked like it was going to be nice day. We had a lot of guests coming for the weekend and would be nearly full by the evening. At my suggestion Muriel had arranged for the Monday staff from the village to start coming on Fridays to give the chalets the once over before guests arrived, this took a lot of pressure off the three of us and allowed us to get on with other stuff.
I knew Muriel would be out and about by 7.30 so I put on a pot of coffee and sat out on the deck thinking that Suzi was still asleep. After a few minutes Suzi came out.
"I thought you were coming back to bed."
I just stared at her, she was so beautiful I was speechless.
"What?"
"Sorry."
"What?" She said again.
"I'm so use to seeing you in the nude that I sometimes take it for granted and forget how stunning you are. You're so beautiful."
Suzi came and sat on my lap, kissing me, nuzzling my neck. As I held her close I realized she was crying gently, a little tremor through her body. I kissed the side of her head, holding her tight as I gently rubbed her arm.
"Shh, it's okay, what's the matter?"
"Nothing."
"It's okay, I've got you." I held tight and found that I was gently rocking. I loosened my hold and moved her head so I could kiss her face, kiss her tears.
Looking back on it I think that was the first time I'd ever seen Suzi cry but somehow it felt okay. When her tears stopped she pulled back a little, looking at me intently, it was my time to say "What?"
"The way you looked at me melted my heart, I've never felt so wanted and so loved."
"I do love you very much."
I was sought of expecting an immediate 'and I love you' but Suzi just stared at me, a small tear starting to fall as she looked directly into my eyes, my soul.
"And I love you with every bit of my heart, will you marry me?"
We were still young and had only been together a few months but I had no hesitation in saying "Yes!"
We kissed and cuddled, then kissed some more. Suzi was still in my arms when we heard, "Morning you two."
Muriel came towards us, a big smile on her face and full of life. She was still ten feet away when I said "You look full of beans this morning."
"Oh what not half; primped, preened and freshly shaven."
We both smiled and inevitably looked straight at Muriel's freshly shaven vagina
"I love these fresh mornings, makes my fanny tingle and my nipples zing."
"You've such a way with words and your nipples are definitely zinging." I said, raising my gaze towards her chest
Whatever spell we'd been under had been broken by the force of nature that was Muriel, but she must have sensed that something was still different.
"What's going on with you two?"
I gently nudged Suzi, "We've just decided to get married."
Muriel nearly screamed, "That's marvelous! Wonderful!" Before diving in for a tight hug, her boobs and hard nipples rammed into Suzi's face.
"This calls for a celebration, what drink do you have?"
"There's some red wine inside."
"Right, get it. In fact David, take off your clothes, get us the blanket and then get the red wine, in that order." As I said, a force of nature.
When I returned with the blanket they were sat closely, side by side with Muriel's hand on Suzi thigh, they were laughing but this stopped when I got close.
"What?'
"Nothing, now hurry up with that wine."
Apart from the continual flirting there had been nothing sexual between the three of us since before the fete, although I wondered whether the girls had gotten up to anything when they spent hours together doing admin. I'd asked Suzi and she had smiled innocently and tapped the side of her nose.
The thought of this, the emotions and feelings of the morning so far and just being naked had me quite aroused and when I returned carrying a tray with the bottle and three glasses and felt the giggling women staring at my dick, I hardened even more.
"How wonderful Suzi, having our wine served to us by a handsome, horny waiter." Muriel teased as they continued giggling.
"I could enjoy being a waiter if I got to serve gorgeous naked women like you all the time."
Smooth patter was never my forte.
They separated so I could sit between them and as Suzi spread the blanket over our three laps she made a point of snagging it on my still hard dick, so that it tented a bit.
"That'll never do Dave, you're letting all the cold air in." She took my dick and smacked it quite hard against my stomach. "That's better." We all laughed; remember we were sat outside with a blanket only across legs.
We raised a toast and were all sipping our wine when Suzi told me to put my glass on the table so I could cuddle the two of them. I did this and it felt wonderful, these two beautiful women and their soft bodies snuggled into me. We sat there like that for a few moments basking in the glow before Suzi lifted her glass to my lips. I swear it tasted better than it did from my own glass. Muriel offered me her glass but deliberately poured some of it down my chest.
"Silly me." She giggled.
Suzi laughed before leaning in and licking at the spilt wine which was quickly making its way southwards.
Now I know my future wife had just proposed to me but as we descended into an incredibly horny, sexy mini orgy, I have to say that anything we ever did with Muriel always felt wonderfully natural, loving and right.
When we were satiated we all sat with silly grins, finishing off the wine.
"It's only nine o'clock in the morning, cheers." Muriel said as she finished her last drop.
"What a wonderful start to the day, a marriage proposal, hot sex and a bottle of wine." Suzi said
"To my wonderful, incredible future wife and to you Muriel, the most special lady I've ever met, cheers."
We sat for a while talking and I told Muriel about James arriving and setting up early.
"I'll go and see how he's getting on."
"Bring him back for coffee and I'll put some breakfast on."
"Will do."
We were expecting them back promptly but she was gone ages. We looked at each other, "She wouldn't, would she?" I asked.
"She might, she's a very sexy woman and I think she was still horny when she left us." We both giggled at the thought.
When Muriel did appear it was arm in arm with James, with anyone else you might take this to mean something, but she was such a loving, people person that it probably meant nothing, probably. James only stayed for a coffee and said he'd see us later. Muriel told us he was coming for dinner that night with the three of us and he hoped to have some of the images printed.
"I look forward to seeing them."
"So do I." Muriel said with a cheshire cat grin on her face.
"Come on spill the beans, what did you get up too?"
"Nothing, I just posed for a few shots."
"He doesn't lack confidence does he, that was quite forward of him to ask." I said.
"He didn't ask, I suggested it." We smiled and shook our heads.
"He was very nervous at first but soon grew in confidence, posing me this way and that and telling me to keep my legs shut. I was trying to give him an eyeful but he said that wasn't the type of images he wanted."
"You're such a tart."
"I know."
We were all fairly tired by 7.30 that evening when James arrived for dinner. We'd had a busy day which combined with the early morning frolicking and wine meant we were more ready for bed than an evening's entertaining. We ate with Muriel three to four nights a week and she usually cooked, her place having a better equipped kitchen and her enjoying cooking more than us. We always got clothed for dinner and so it was that when James arrived I was wearing shorts and polo shirt and Suzi and Muriel wore light summer dresses.
James smiled "I was a bit nervous that you might all still be nude, I love nudity but wasn't sure about having dinner in the nude."
"Don't worry dear, we wouldn't want to put you off your lamb chops, not that we're having lamb chops we're having pasta, but that's beside the point."
James nodded, looking a little bemused whilst we just smiled at Muriel's eccentricity. The food was excellent and a couple of glasses of wine gave us all a second wind. James seemed like a nice chap and enjoyable company. He told us about his family, his mother had died when he was fourteen and there were the three brothers and a sister who was nineteen, two years younger than him. I was only one year older than James but somehow felt older.
He said he was fond of his brothers but didn't have that much in common with them but was close to his sister. It took his dad a long while to get himself going again after his wife's death and he doted on James and his sister, them being younger, supporting them in whatever they wanted to do.
"He knows I'm not going to stay at the building but wanted me to have some skills and a trade as a backup. He ribs me about the photography and interest in art just as much as my brothers, but at the same time it was him that bought most of my equipment."
We all nodded, knowing what he meant. We chatted for a while longer before Muriel asked could she see some of the shots he had taken earlier.
"I've printed five but you can see some others on my laptop."
Of the printed ones four were photos just of the barn, although I hardly recognized it. They were stark yet beautiful, almost atmospheric. They were colour but I think the colour had been manipulated. The one with Muriel in was black and white and simply stunning. She was laid at the edge of a shelf, her left leg straight and a slight bend to her right, only her left arm visible by her side. She looked long and very elegant. But it was the light and shadow that brought it to life. You could see fine definition in her muscles and a slight bulge at her pubic arch, her lower ribs were visible and the edge of her small boob gently curved. Her face was in profile and looked beautiful, although I don't think you could necessarily recognize her from it.
Muriel was visibly moved by it, "It's incredible, so beautiful." She had a tear in her eye.
"I'm glad you like it." James smiled.
"More than like it. I don't remember the light being that way."
"It was, all I've done is emphasize it in certain places, it's your beauty and elegance that make it."
"It's a work of art." Said Suzi.
"Thank you."
Muriel went to speak but her voice faltered.
"I'd like you to have it as a thank you for letting me use the barn."
Muriel welled up again and gave him a big kiss.
The ones on his lap top didn't have the same impact as the printed ones, mainly I think because they were on a screen and not paper.
After some more wine and more talking you could sense that James wanted to ask something, Muriel made it easy for him by asking about his plans for more photographic shoots.
"Well, if it's ok with you what I'd really love to do is to try and do some outside shoots here, try to catch the beauty of movement and of the human form. I have two models lined up who are prepared to pose for me."
Muriel nodded but was quiet, her previous buoyant mood somewhat dampened. Suzi copped on straight away although it took me and James a bit longer.
"Two models sound great but would you like to do some group shots also, like Riebicke use to. Maybe we could help you with that."
"That would be great, I'd really love to but I was too shy to ask, you've been so good to me already."
Muriel visibly perked up, "When would you like to shoot, weekends are too busy but any other time is good."
"I was thinking Tuesday if that suits."
"Perfect!" Muriel gleamed.
The next few days flew by, what with being busy, the joy and excitement of getting engaged and the excitement and building trepidation, for me at least, of the upcoming photo shoot. We had decided to not tell our parents and friends about the engagement until we met them in person so once the last guests had left on Monday morning our thoughts turned to Tuesday.
Muriel was very excited and giddy, constantly talking about different locations in the camp or looking up old images from the era and showing them to us, finding the rudest ones she could and saying she hoped James would shoot ones like them.
Me and Suzi, whilst excited for Muriel were a bit more nervous. We'd both been naked in public, Suzi even riding a horse through the village naked before dismounting and continuing on foot and finishing with a bit of a show for the gathered crowd. But posing for photo's felt like a step up. However nervous we were we knew that we would do it, Suzi even making me go for a run and do push-ups on Sunday and Monday so that I'd look my best.
Muriel's only concern was that the women in the photos had thick bushes and they were both shaved.
"Doesn't matter, it'll make them more modern." Said Suzi.
"Maybe, what do you think looks better Dave?" And with that Muriel knelt in front of Suzi's and pushed her legs apart, putting her head down low and leaving some of hair over Suzi's twat. I had some view, Suzi's spread legs and pussy barely covered by Muriel's fine hair and Muriel's taut arse, arsehole and twat pointing straight at me as she bent low. I hummed and hawed and pretended to look from different angles before finally kneeling behind Muriel, placing my hands on her hips and resting my by now very hard dick between her cheeks.
Muriel moaned a little as I pushed forward "You can put it in if you like."
"Which hole?"
"David!" I think Suzi was shocked and even I was surprised at myself, but Muriel just chuckled. "Just my cunt for now, my arse might take a bit more preparation."
Normally I would have looked to Suzi to see if she was ok with this but I was so turned on that I just lined myself up and started to push. Muriel's legs were still together so it was tight but once I was past her lips I pushed hard, pulling Muriel onto me as I thrust forward, I bottomed out and came almost immediately. As my head cleared and pulse settled I finally saw Suzi, a look of shock and lust on her face as she played with Muriel's hair, pulling her head up and forcing it between her legs.
As Muriel ate Suzi I started to slowly fuck her again, my dick just hard enough to stop it plopping out. Suzi mouthed to me 'slap her', I did, gently at first, then harder as our pace quickened. The motion of my strokes sent Muriel's tongue deeper and deeper into Suzi's dripping cunt with every thrust forward. She moaned against Suzi's swollen clit, and I think it must have added to the sensation as Suzi's eyes rolled back in ecstasy.
She was completely lost in our little tryst, and I wondered if our future would be full of these delicious moments. Me, my cock lodged deep inside of a tight twat as I watched my wife being eaten. It sounded like a dream when I considered it and picturing such a bright future had me squeezing Muriel's hips and fucking her harder. She lifted her mouth to moan out loud at the sudden change in my pace, a string of drool pooling from her lips and connecting to Suzi's soaking cunt.
That sight alone had me almost spent as Suzi grabbed Muriel's hair to bury her face back into her cunt, thrusting her hips forward in passionate delight. I couldn't hold out anymore, and as I began to spill my cum deep into Muriel, Suzi's body shook with orgasm. Each pulse of my cock was matched by the squeeze of Muriel's inner muscles as she milked every last drop out of me, cumming as well with a vibrating shiver. We lay there, exhausted and happy.
"I think I prefer shaven." I said.
There was a light drizzle as Muriel joined us for breakfast on Tuesday morning; she was naked but gratefully accepted the dressing gown I offered.
"I hope it stops raining otherwise it'll mess up the shoot."
"I think he'll still be able to take photos, it'll just be a bit miserable for us all, anyway it's meant to clear, maybe a bit cool and damp early on, good for the nipples."
"You don't need any help with yours." Suzi said to her.
"I know, I'm already tingly thinking about it."
As a precaution we'd gathered some umbrellas and dressing gowns but as James arrived the rain stopped and the sun was trying to break through. The three of them were getting out of the car as we reached them and James made the introductions.
"This is Jenna, we were friends at college." He said introducing a tall and lithe looking girl with red hair, a beautiful high cheek boned face and a golden glow to her skin, an amazing combination. She was only a little shorter than me, 5'11'' I'd guess, and graceful.
"And this little minx is my sister Ann." He said, introducing a 5'2'' curvy blond with the biggest, whitest smile I had ever seen.
Muriel was on them like a shot, pulling them both in for a hug, her dressing gown opening as she did so, probably deliberately, and staying that way. We introduced ourselves and the girls immediately complemented Muriel on the pictures James had taken of her, telling her she looked incredible in them.
"I think James is very talented and could make anything look good."
"It's much easier when he has such a beautiful woman like you to shoot." Ann smiled.
"Thank you." I think Muriel may have blushed a little.
We went to Muriel's chalet and she insisted on everyone having a drink or two, just to get to know each other and let the weather warm a bit, she still didn't do up her gown.
She asked Jenna what bronzer she used and Jenna laughed, obviously not the first time she'd been asked it, "One of my granddads was Indian and the other Irish, this is all natural, I tan rather than burn." "Wow." Suzi and Muriel said in unison, "You're stunning." Jenna smiled, again I think she'd heard it before.
I was talking to Ann and she smiled the whole time, almost forcing me to ask about her teeth.
"My dad paid for them for my eighteenth, I told him I wanted to be a glamour model. I had the tits and bum for it but my teeth were crap."
"So have you done much modeling?"
"No this is my first time; I was too busy in college over the winter. It's like it was meant to be, my dad bought James a load of camera gear for his eighteenth and now he'll take pictures of my present, amongst other things." She said, laughing and smiling even wider.
Jenna explained that she had only done a few fashion shoots before, just for friends, but liked and trusted James and thought it would be cool to do some nude shots.
Muriel put everyone at their ease by taking off her dressing gown with a 'Ta da' and announcing, "As you can see I'm a complete tart and these two slappers will flash their bits at anybody."
Everyone laughed and we took the hint and undressed. Suzi has a tight, fit body and looks great nude, her body confidence shining through.
"Wow, you're beautiful." Said Ann as she looked intently at Suzi, soaking her up. Suzi leant forward and hugged Ann, which I think took Ann by surprise but which she relaxed into. Turning to me she gave me the same intense scrutiny, stopping at my rapidly hardening dick.
"You're not bad either." She smiled
"I know, it's a nice one isn't it; of course he has no control over it, we'll hose him down later." Suzi said to all round laughs. It was my turn to be surprised as Ann leant in and hugged me, her head against my chest and her soft boobs feeling wonderful against my belly and my dick sticking into her belly. I looked over to Suzi who just rolled her eyes up.
James looked a little nervous and unsure of himself, Muriel as always took control.
"Right you two get your kit off and we'll get this show on the road."
Ann started to strip straight away but Jenna seemed more reticent, sensing this Suzi went over with a dressing gown she could wear, Jenna shook her head and said she'd be ok but Suzi stayed with her, chatting the whole time to put her at her ease.
When you are in a smallish room it's difficult not to stare, but I tried to be an equal opportunities perv and stared at both of them equally.
Ann was down to her underwear before Jenna had even started, a lacy red combo that she looked incredible in.
"James I thought you told me not to wear any underwear because it would mark my skin." Jenna said.
"I did, it just didn't seem right telling my sister not to wear any." We all laughed again and Ann said, "I better get out of these quickly then."
She undid her bra and her boobs popped out, jiggling up and down a little but too firm to wobble much. I have no idea of sizes but on her small frame they looked big. Obviously aware of my admiring stare she looked at me and winked, before bending and removing her knickers, revealing a faint blond landing strip and then standing erect, one hip forward as if to say 'what do you think?' I smiled and smiled some more when I saw Muriel behind her obviously enjoying the view.
Jenna had removed her top and was obviously building herself up for the big reveal. It wasn't made easier by all eyes now being on her. She had long, defined, sinewy muscles and Suzi asked her what she did to keep fit. "I dance and I do Jujitsu."
"You can really tell; you look amazing."
"Thanks." She seemed to be gaining some confidence
She removed her trousers slowly as if teasing although it was probably nerves.
"Woohoo, a bush! Thank god one of us has one."
It was Muriel and it seemed to break the ice. Everyone was looking at Jenna's neatly trimmed red pubes which she seemed quite proud of, pushing her pelvis out a bit. "I like to keep it so everyone knows I'm a real red head."
"Now you beautiful people." Muriel clapped, "I know this is your shoot James but I've an idea for the beginning, get us all warmed up and going. Take your cameras out to the green over there and get ready, we'll join you shortly, you'll soon cop on to what we're doing."
You didn't say no to Muriel and after James had left she gathered us all round.
"We're going to have a wonderful, naked day. The most beautiful thing in the world." We were all smiling, she was infectious. She got us to stand in a type of circle with her in the middle, she slowly turned so we could all see every bit of her.
"Touch me." She breathed and my cock twitched. "I want all your hands on me so you can feel how beautiful the human body is."
We were obviously use to Muriel, but we moved slowly to touch her, bringing Jenna and Ann along with us. As our hands touched her she took each hand in turn and moved it across her body until we were all freely rubbing her ourselves. I was more behind and moved in closer so I could reach the front as well as the back, taking my lead everyone moved closer, their hands more confident on her skin. Jenna and Ann seemed intoxicated by the gently eroticism, Ann courageous enough to allow her hand to trail closer to Muriel's twat but cautious enough not to touch it just yet. Suzi saw this at the same time as I and smiled up at me, using her free hand to lightly stroke my hardening dick. The action encouraged Muriel to reach out and caress the flat of Suzi's stomach and before we knew it, we were all off touching each other, almost a four sided Muriel sandwich. It was incredibly erotic and sensual and I wondered if we might all get a go in the middle as our circle had become more of a knot. But Muriel brought the action to a close, giving each of us a slow and lingering kiss on the lips and said we had to go to James.
We left the chalet, linking arms like a team as we did so, everyone giddy and chatting.
"I nearly had an orgasm in there." Ann said.
"I know, I've never kissed a woman but I loved it." Said Jenna, sweetly.
We just smiled, knowing the power of Muriel. When we reached the green James said he was ready.
"Right looking at all the nipples and your flagging todger David I can see everyone's feeling the cold." Muriel said.
Everyone looked at my dick but I didn't care. She continued, "We're going to play 'tag'. David you're on. We'll run around giddily and you try to catch us. Are you ready James? Right count to ten David and come after us."
I nodded my agreement and prepared to count.
" One more thing, you have to cuddle us when you catch us, should help with the todger."
It wasn't a very big green but everyone scattered in different directions, James snapping away as they did so. I didn't know who to chase first, would Suzi expect me to catch her first, maybe one of the new girls. I decided on Jenna and thank god I did, she was very quick and if I'd left her to the end I may not have caught her. She was a joy to chase, her long legs and incredible arse blurring in front of me as she twisted and turned. James was concentrating on the two of us and as I eventually cornered her, he moved in close. I nearly had to dive to bring her down, both of us ending up on the floor. As I helped her up and she came in close for a hug she twisted and I found myself airborne, landing with a thud. She helped me up, smiling at my wounded expression
"That's for catching me first, I do Jujitsu remember."
As we were catching our breaths and chatting James was looking through his shots, "I think I have some great ones. What next Muriel?" He was definitely getting into his stride.
"I think David should chase me but I'm old and will be easy to catch, I think he should chase me with Ann on his back."
I wasn't expecting that and nor was Ann but she was the first to respond.
"Sounds like fun." She smiled
I knelt down and Ann climbed onto my back, her legs around my waist and her arms around my neck. As I stood she held on tightly, pressing herself into me, her short legs spreading further until I could feel her mound rubbing against me lower back and her boobs squished into me. I felt the wetness between her legs touch my skin as she wiggled up and down a bit, spreading the moisture.
"Comfortable?" I asked
"Oh yes." She answered a little huskily.
"Before we start running I think you should get some still shots, come here and stand behind Ann." Muriel said.
James did this and then Muriel told him to kneel down. I heard him gasp and then he started clicking away.
"You dirty bitch, I'm completely exposed. He can see everything from down there." Ann said laughing. She obviously wasn't too worried because she arched her back and stuck her arse out, exposing even more to the camera, all the time whispering in my ear, "I'm so wet, I think I'm dripping."
"I think they're the most incredible shots I've ever taken."
"Stick with me kid, with my dirty mind and your camera skills we'll make a great double act."
As we were laughing at this Ann was still whispering in my ear and rubbing herself off against me.
"Oh James, you have to get a close up of this, I've never seen Dave's dick looking so big, what do you think Muriel?" Suzi asked, smirking and making it obvious she knew what was going on, Muriel played right along, saying, "Definitely the biggest it's ever been." As she encircled it with her thumb and forefinger, making sure James got shots emphasizing the fact they didn't meet. They were right, I was ready to burst, but work to do first.
Muriel ran slowly with James behind her, stopping and bending as if out of breath, insisting he took pictures of her exposed holes, "They're for my private collection."
We could have caught her easily but Ann whispered for me to go slow as she was enjoying it. She was beginning to feel heavy but as her breathing changed and she started to wiggle faster I forgot about the weight. Her mouth was next to my ear as her hips worked, massaging herself against my bare back. A cascade of ohs and ahs followed by "fuck, fuck, fuck... I'm cumming." Let everyone within five hundred yards know she'd orgasmed and nearly deafened me.
As she settled I went to put her down but Muriel had other ideas
"You haven't caught me yet." So off we went again, Ann no longer whispering as she said, "Take it slowly, my nips are sensitive and my clits on fire."
To Ann's relief Muriel let us catch her easily but insisted on mounting from the front for our hug. She managed to clamber up and sat astride me, teasing my upright pole with her twat, allowing James to click away merrily as she did so. This should have been erotic for me but I was concentrating on bracing my body against the weight. It was only when Muriel and Ann started kissing over my shoulder and then both nibbling at my ear that my legs turned to jelly.
Muriel was in her element "I think we should all have some more wine before our next shots or maybe some water, better still wine and water." Whist we recovered on the grass Suzi and Jenna went to get the refreshments. "Bring the baby oil back with you." Muriel shouted after them
"How are the photos coming?" I asked James
"Incredible, I can't believe some of the shot's I've got, very hot and erotic."
"Was it weird taking those sort of pictures of you Ann?"
"Yes and no, as I got into it I forgot she was my sister, it was only after she came that I felt a bit embarrassed."
"Not ones for the family photo album then?"
"I wouldn't put it past her." James laughed.
When they returned with the refreshments I made a beeline for Suzi, feeling a wee bit guilty.
"Enjoying yourself?" She asked, a little narkily
"Not really, it's just what I do for art."
"Bollocks!"
"Alright, I'm feeling fucking great. What have you been doing whilst I've been frolicking?"
"I've been sucking off the camera man."
"Bollocks, he'd be all out of focus." We laughed and I kissed her, my horniness kicking back in immediately.
"Whoa Neddy."
"Neddy?"
"That's what Ann calls her horse."
"Bitch."
Suzi sat there with an 'I got you' smirk on her face.
"Actually I did frig myself when Ann was cumming in your ear."
"Did You?"
"Yeah, three fingers."
"Dirty bitch." I teased, my cock waking up at the thought of her finger fucking herself.
My impending hardon was interrupted as Muriel stood and started speaking, "Are we all ready for some more fun, frolics and photographs?"
"For this next session Suzi is going to wrestle Jenna."
"What? No way, she'll kill me, she does origami or typhootea or something." Suzi said laughing
"That's what the baby oil is for, you'll be greasy like in Greek wrestling, she won't be able to grab you. Anyway, I'm sure Jenna will take it easy, won't you Jenna?"
"Of course." Jenna said, smiling wickedly.
"James, are you ready? I'll oil Jenna up and Ann can oil Suzi. That might make for some good shots. David you sit there with your hands by your side, no fiddling."
"Can't promise." I admitted.
This could be interesting, I wasn't sure how Suzi would be with Ann but she smiled and they were nattering away as Ann lathered Suzi's back. As her hands moved down I was getting intrigued. Ann smothered her bum cheeks, rubbing the oil in with both hands, I could see Suzi was enjoying it. As her hands got closer to the center Suzi leant forward a little, parting her cheeks and giving Ann better access. Ann applied more oil and was running her fingers slowly up and down Suzi's cleft. I could swear I heard a little yelp and saw Suzi's hips jerk forward. Was her finger in Suzi's arse? I wanted to get closer but didn't want to seem obvious. Ann moved so that her hand was wedged between the two of them, Suzi was definitely pushing back onto her, she was finger fucking her arsehole. Dirty, sexy bitches.
My attention was distracted by a yelp. Looking over to Muriel and Jenna I could see that Muriel was using a different technique. She seemed covered in oil and was rubbing herself up against Jenna with James only two feet away, clicking away like mad. Jenna must have seen me looking over because she provided an explanation for the yelp, "This dirty cow bit my nipple, I hope she does it again." She duly did.
Ann was now in front of Suzi, liberally oiling from her fanny up to her shoulders and back again, little flicks of her nips each time she passed bringing groans of pleasure from Suzi.
"Right ladies and gentlemen the Greek wrestling is about to start, take your seats please."
Muriel's announcement brought the oiling to an end, Suzi looked disappointed. Ann whispered something to her and they both giggled and then Suzi nodded, James came over and Ann went into fake trainer mode, slapping Suzi's muscles as she got her ready for battle.
Muriel appointed herself referee and marked out a ring. We stood about ten feet back to give James room to work. Ann stood in front of me and inched back a little so that her bum was just touching my dangling dick , it naturally jerked, bringing a throaty laugh from Ann.
"Behave yourself." I gently chided, keeping my hands by my side and trying to concentrate on the wrestling. Really I wanted to sink my hands into her tits and my dick into her hole as her finger had been in Suzi.
The two girls were circling, sussing each other out. It looked like the real thing. Suddenly Suzi lunged forward and grabbed Jenna by the hair, pulling her head down hard. I wouldn't have been brave enough to do that. Jenna managed to get upright and pulled Suzi in close, I was expecting the worse. Her right hand went between Suzi's legs and she seemed to lift her into the air by the cunt. I wanted to shout to the ref but nothing came out. In what seemed like slow motion she gently laid her on the ground before diving on top of her, their oily bodies squelching off of each other.
As I was watching the wrestling, Ann was getting bolder. She was gently twerking against my hardening dick and as it stood upright and pressed into her back her hands came behind her and started jerking me. I made sounds of protest but she shushed me.
"Enjoy it, I have permission." She whispered.
"What?"
"Shush, enjoy the wrestling."
And I was enjoying the wrestling, James was directing them and it was almost in slow motion. They would slip and slide into a position and when he was happy they would tighten their muscles, the oil making the striations stand out, I'm sure the photos would be amazing. Every so often Suzi would be bold and do something off script, just to get a reaction from Jenna. I think she was enjoying Jenna being rough with her.
Ann turned around to face me, placing both hands around my dick and jerking harder.
"I can't see now, you'll have to describe what's going on." She whispered lustily.
I was describing the action as she started to lower herself down.
"What are you doing?"
"Shush, I have permission, keep talking."
"Suzi's on top, pinning Jenna down, James is telling her to move up so her nipple is in Jenna's mouth...Oh my god."
Ann had put my dick between her gorgeous tits and was titty fucking me. Suzi's or Muriel's weren't big enough for this and it felt amazing. I could have cum very easily.
"Jenna has spun Suzi around and has Suzi's head clamped between her thighs, Suzi's knelt up, face down, bum towards Jenna. She telling Suzi to 'eat me bitch'. With her right hand she is finger fucking Suzi and with her left hand she's slapping her arse... Ahhh"
Ann had taken me into her mouth and was shoving her head down, gagging but pushing on.
"Jenna has sat up a little." I breathed. "She's pulling Suzi's taut cheeks apart, showing everything to the camera which is only a foot away. Suzi is tapping the grass, I think she given up..ahh... I think I'm cumming."
Ann stood up, my jizz dribbling out her mouth as she gave me the widest smile of the day. I was still stunned and could hardly force my legs to move. I walked over to Suzi who was cuddling Jenna and Muriel, her face bright red from being clamped between Jenna's thighs.
She smiled. "That was hot."
"Yes it was."
The End
Even more un-Riebicke shenanigans in the next chapter x