When Diana returned to San Diego, she was definitely a happy camper, as she reveled in the most erotic sex she had ever enjoyed. Because of her spectacular performance at the orgy plus the great camaraderie she had already established with some notable members, such as Natasha Starikovich and Chloe Hamilton, the managers of the TLR, Vickie Vargas and Scarlett O'Hara advised her that she would be a special member with extra privileges. Mainly, that for an extra fee she could attend extra orgies in addition to her regular scheduled events, up to a maximum of seven visits in total per year. She had established three club members as close friends. Chloe Hamilton and Katie Hill lived within a two hours drive, while Angela Peterson lived in San Diego. Through the three of them plus her membership to the TLR, her sex life was thoroughly established to indulge in as much group sex as she could possibly ever desire.
Once Abbie finished with her community college education, she decided to return east. As a result of her acquaintanceship with Angela Peterson, she tapped the latter's friendship with Erica Koeninger, née Laaning, who was the sister to Vivian Laaning. Erica was the owner and operator of a very trendy and highly popular restaurant including a sophisticated nightclub on its premises. Accordingly, Abbie upon Angela's recommendation arranged for an interview with Erica in Chicago. The two women hit it off, and Erica hired her on the spot. Abbie first started as a server, and a month later became an assistant manager at Erica's restaurant. About a year later, Erica decided to devote more time at home raising her three children, and so promoted Abbie to general manager of the entire establishment.
Angela Peterson, incidentally, did get pregnant as a result of the five women two men orgy at her home, and also happily brought her second son into the world. Since her fondest wishes for a family were finally fulfilled, she had her tubes tied. That way she could pursue her alternate licentious sexual lifestyle without fear of any accidental future pregnancy. Angela reveled in considering herself as the sexual combined reincarnation of the fictional Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
Diana settled down to a routine in her Navy life as a nurse at the Balboa Hospital. She was now twenty-six years of age, and her career was outstanding. She had attained the rank of lieutenant commander, and she was pretty sure if she remained in the Navy, she would eventually become an admiral. She was unquestionably competent at her job, and she was universally very well liked by her co-workers.
However, her regular dating life sucked. Her dates rarely progressed to a second or third date and was virtually nonexistent after a third date. She could usually garner a first date easily enough, and a lot of such dates had some potential promise to progress to a satisfactory relationship. Once she would become intimate with her prospective beaus, and usually that occurred on the first date given Diana's unrestrained inclination towards engaging in sex, these men became paradoxically turned off and skittish. It seemed to Diana that during their conversation on their dates, the men would form the impression that she was chaste, which notion was probably reinforced by her station in life, as a naval officer. So as soon as the gentlemen perceived that Diana was really a slut, they decamped.
A glaring example was in the person of Andy Charlton. Charlton was a pharmaceutical sales representative, and the company he represented was a regular supplier for the Balboa Hospital. It so happened that he had a sales pitch to make to the anesthesiology department. He was promoting a brand new drug just recently approved by the FDA, which would calm a patient's nerves, more efficiently, which in turn would make the subsequent administration of the knockout anesthetic much safer to apply, since a lower dose would only be needed. Everyone, including Diane in the department attended the scheduled sales pitch meeting, and she caught Charlton's eye. As the meeting was breaking up, he sidled up to her, and taking note of her name tag and rank, asked, "So Lieutenant Commander, Van Buren, what did you think of our company's presentation?"
Diana answered, "I was most impressed, I can see great potential for this drug. Captain Hightower, our head anesthetist had us all come to this meeting as he wanted everyone's input on the efficacy of his new drug. I can assure you, that I for one will highly recommend it."
"That's gratifying to know. Say I'm in town just for today, and for a brief presentation tomorrow morning at another hospital, before I have to head back to LA. I hate to eat alone, so I was wondering if you're available to keep me company? I expect I'll dine at the Lionfish, in the hotel where I'm staying."
Diana's eyes lit up as Charlton seemed like the quintessential urbane man that she would be attracted to. Mind you for sex, Diana's bar for acceptable men was set quite low. However, Charlton certainly seemed to be a cut above the norm, one whom she would normally entertain an anticipation of a serious ongoing relationship. And the restaurant and the hotel sure were luxurious, quite fitting for the image of a highly successful sales executive. So, she replied, "Oh I would be delighted, and luckily I do get off at 15:00 hours and do not work tomorrow. I'll just have to check with my babysitter, but I'm pretty sure it will be all right."
Charlton was a little crest fallen at that bit of news, so he asked, "Oh you have a child? Are you married then, although I did not notice a ring?"
"Not to worry, I'm a single mom. My daughter's father might be dead for all I know. Now since you do not live here why don't I meet you for dinner, and why don't you give me your cell phone number so I can contact you to confirm our date."
Since Diana was in the military. Charlton assumed that Diana's ex boyfriend was also in the military and possibly in harm's way in the Middle East. That being the case, he did not find Diana's remark about the uncertainty of death of her presumed boyfriend to be untoward. So, he provided his number to Diana and advised her that he would set up a reservation at 18:30 hours deferring to the military time that apparently Diana was accustomed to.
When Diana arrived at the Lionfish, Charlton had already arrived, and so she has escorted to his table. Their dinner date was pleasant enough as they exchanged personal details of each other's lives. Diana's main focus for the date was to ultimately engage in sex. She thought that was surely not an unrealistic expectation given that they did not live near each other, and so a prospect of a follow-up date would be uncertain at best. To this end, Diana laced her conversations with subtle double entendres to signal that she was not averse to a one night stand. He did not seem to pick up her signals, as she could not sense any chemistry developing between themselves.
Diana began to despair that the evening would end up without any sex. However, at the end of the evening Charlton pleasantly surprised her, as he asked, "Say Diana, would you like to see my room, it's quite nice and we could have a nightcap as it contains a well-stocked mini bar?"
Diana's demeanor took on a positively sunny turn, as she replied coyly, "I think I could be persuaded, as I believe I could use a drink."
When they got to his room, which turned out to be a suite with a living room in addition to the bedroom. They sat down at counter area as Diana asked for a gin and tonic, and Charlton settled for a scotch on the rocks. He asked, "How do you like this suite? It's one of my perks with the company, as I may need to utilize the suite to swing a deal. I'm always booked at a five star hotel when I'm away from LA. I have a wide territory to cover in addition to California; I represent the company in Nevada, Arizona and New Mexico."
Diana replied, "Oh wow Andy! That sounds exciting, but I guess it does take a toll on your personal life to have to travel around so much. As you said at dinner that you were divorced, and I'm guessing your traveling had something to do with it?"
"Yes Shirley, my ex, had a hard time coping with the time I was away. Basically, I'm in LA for about half a month, and the other half of a month, I'm away visiting countless physician's offices and hospitals outside the southern California area. Shirley always seemed to suspect that I would have sex with a stranger on one of those out of town business trips. But ironically it was Shirley's adultery that ended our marriage. On one foray out of town, my company summoned me to come home a day early to attend a special company meeting concerning a problem that had cropped up which needed to be immediately resolved. I surreptitiously arrived that evening, keeping quiet so as to surprise Shirley, whom I assumed would be delighted by my unexpected early arrival. She was surprised all right, and so was the man who was in bed with her."
Diana merely smiled, as she surmised that it was probably inappropriate to laugh out loud at the self deprecatory humor. Still, she couldn't help asking, "So are you telling me that you were the innocent victim?"
Charlton bristled at the implication, as he coldly responded, "I had only three one night stands during the three years we were married. And they meant nothing as I don't know if I ever got to know the real names of any of them. Whereas it turned out the man Shirley was fucking was an ongoing affair lasting over eight months, taking place each time, I was out of town. No wonder she kept accusing me of adultery to cover the guilt of her own sins."
Diana was chagrined as she realized she had stepped into it, by her incautious question. She was at wit ends, as how to repair the emotional damage she had apparently inflicted, and to still salvage the evening. So, she opted for a delaying tactic, as she responded, "Oh I'm so sorry Andy, to possibly imply any fault on your part. I sure can empathize your pain of discovering your wife's cheating. But can I use the bathroom for a moment? I really need to freshen up."
"Sure, go ahead."
When in the bathroom, and Diana did really need to pee, she considered thoroughly at what had just transpired. Obviously, Charlton had taken umbrage at any suggestion he had any role to play in the dissolution of his marriage. His now dark mood didn't forbode well for a satisfactory night of sex. Given the fact that dinner was not an especially joyous occasion, the chances of a good fuck seemed dashed. However, Diana did not want to give up the ghost. With the philosophy of a fuck is a fuck, and by definition not to be shunned, she was determined not to waste the opportunity. She believed in her mind, that no heterosexual man was immune from arousal and willing to engage in sex when confronted by an absolutely naked woman.
Accordingly, Diana removed her dress, bra and thong, and hung them on the hook on the door of the bathroom. She also removed her garter belt and stockings and hung them effectively on the hook as well. She decided to remain in her high heels as she also believed some men are especially aroused by a naked woman in high heels. She also kept on wearing the TLR body chain belt and the accompanying ankle bracelet presented to her for her triumph at the TLR orgy. She then exited the bathroom to saunter into Andy Charlton's presence.
Once Diana made eye contact with him and recalling her original episode of sex with her sister Barbara, and how her sister had exhibited her naked body, Diana decided to mimic her. So, she interlocked her hands behind her head to jut her magnificent breasts forward. She then asked, "You like what you see?"
There was no response from the stone-faced Andy Charlton. Diana then dropped her hands to cup and play with her tits. She played with her nipples as well, while she then queried, "How about these tits? Aren't they the best? Wouldn't you like to suck on them? No? How about pinching and twisting my nipples? I'll let you. I would like that. No? "
Still no response from the stoic, Andy Charlton. Diana now reached down to touch her vulva. She parted the folds of her outer labia. She then posed the question, "How about this pussy? Isn't it something beautiful? Wouldn't you like to lick my clit? Wouldn't you like to put your cock into my vagina?"
Charlton still displayed no emotion. Diana turned, around and bending down, she used her hands to spread her ass cheeks. With her head upside down, but making eye contact through her parted thighs she suggested, "And how about my ass? Isn't it sexy as all hell? Wouldn't you just want to lick my bum hole? It's clean but it might smell. Maybe you might like that? Perhaps instead you might like to shove your cock in it? I would like that as well. So, what do you say?"
At this point Andy Charlton finally reacted to Diana's provocative exhibition of her naked body. Throughout her entire antics, the thing that most caught his eyes, were Diana's tattoos of "CI♀", and "XCIX" above her pudendum. So the first words out of his mouth were, "What are those markings on your belly? Do they mean anything? Is there any significance of why you chose such a tattoo? I can't imagine that they are standard tattoo markings offered by tattoo parlors to their customers."
Touching her tattoos, Diana replied, "These? Why yes, they do indeed have special meaning and significance. You see the letters 'CI' represents the Roman numerals for the number one hundred and one, while the letters 'XCIX' represents the Roman numerals for the number ninety-nine. The other marking on my body is the symbol for woman or the female gender."
Charlton interrupted, "OK! I get that. So, what do they signify?"
Diana continued, "Well when I was in college back in Michigan, I was lucky enough to participate in two different gangbang sex."
Charlton snorted and exclaimed in true skepticism, "Lucky? To acquiesce in having sex with multiple partners, you consider to be a lucky circumstance?"
Diana boldly replied, "Why yes! Even in pornographic movies you seldom see occasions where a female porn star will entertain more than ten men. I don't think there is a porn movie yet made where one woman entertained either ninety-nine or a hundred and one men in one session like I did."
Charlton was now totally aghast at what he was hearing. He said, "So you actually fucked one hundred and one men on one occasion and ninety-nine men on another occasion? So, what about your female gender sign? Does that mean you had a female helper to assist you in fucking so many men?"
"Oh no that's not what that means. It so happens that in that gangbang I fucked a woman in addition to the one hundred and one men."
Charlton was starting to believe he was communicating in another dimension not of this world. So, he asked, "One hundred and one men on one occasion and ninety-nine men on another occasion? How do you know you even fucked so many men? Did you keep count?"
"Well no! But these gangbangs were for charity, so it was well organized..."
Here Charlton interrupted again, "These were gangbangs for charity? You must be joking."
"Yes they were, but that's another story and we don't need to delve on that aspect at this time. Suffice it to say the organizers of the gangbangs did keep tabs on the number of sexual contacts I had, so I have no reason to doubt the accuracy of the numbers. As for my own perception of how many men I fucked, those numbers sure seemed to fit in the ball park."
At this point Charlton pointed to the body chain belt and said, "I'm getting the sinking feeling that the chain belt and ankle bracelet you're wearing also have sexual significance?"
Diana was now getting impatient, as she truly couldn't understand his adversarial attitude. She had expected that having appeared naked, and demonstrating her sexual come-on poses, that he would be naked or at least be undressing by now, instead of questioning her in the third degree. So, she replied caustically, "Why yes indeedy! You're so perceptive. I happen to belong to a swingers sex club based in Dallas, called the Texas Love Ranch. The club conducts sexual contests periodically at its orgies and awards this chain belt to the winner. I won in an event wherein I was adjudged as the best to imitate Marilyn Chambers, the legendary porn star, as she acted in her movie 'Behind the Green Door'. The ankle bracelet was another memento from that event."
To say that Andy Charlton was horrified and disgusted is an understatement. He was actually livid. He couldn't believe what to his mind was the most outrageous and brazen admission of sexual depravity, he had ever heard from a woman. He sputtered, "Oh my God you're just a filthy fucking slut and whore."
A little taken aback by his vehemence, Diana replied defensively, "I don't see that its necessary for you to call me names. Surely I haven't done anything to have offended you."
Still angry, Charlton challenged, "What? You are denying that you're a slut? Fucking one hundred men in a gangbang not once but twice? And you're brazen enough to advertise these 'accomplishments'* (*air quotes) on your body. What would you call yourself?"
Diane replied haughtily, "I'm a lieutenant commander in the United States Navy and I am about to become certified as a registered nurse anesthetist. So, by definition I'm a woman of substance. In my view, I happen to be a woman who has a healthy appetite for sex. But with you tonight, I've lost my appetite."
With that, Diana unceremoniously got her clothes from the bathroom, dressed and walked out the door.
This episode with Andy Charlton was an eye opener for Diana. Up to then, she had not seriously considered that her promiscuous ways would come back to bite her in the ass. With her experience with Brad Winters, she came to believe, that had he not died, the two of them would have become a serious item. She also believed that as he could overlook her past sexual history, there should be no reason to suppose that she could not find another man who would not hold her past sexual history against her. So notwithstanding, her dates with Robert Morley and Hank Doran which might have belied such an assumption, she held on to the belief there was a knight in shining armor still out there ready to claim her as his princess.
Ostensibly, she would have preferred to be involved in a traditional marriage. Unfortunately, she now realized, that considering her slatternly tendencies it would be virtually impossible for her to marry. Given her now membership to the TLR and the frequent group sex encounters she participated in, she knew she would be loathed to give up that lifestyle. Even should she be willing to be absolutely faithful to her future husband, she could not imagine meeting a man who would be willing to overlook her promiscuity, and the brazen orgies she had participated in. The encounter with Andy Charlton was proof positive, especially as they did not even have sex. She could of course lie about her past to every new man she would meet, but she knew it would be hopeless to attempt to hide her sexual past. It would come out anyway. Besides a marriage started on lies has no chance of becoming a success.
So, she was resigned to remaining a single mother and be content with her wild sex life. The only real negative in her life now was that she did not have custody of Heather McCord. She had come to regret the bargain she had made with the gay Dr Henry McCord. Heather was just a delightful child. When Diana exercised her visitation rights it was always a joyous occasion. Laura and Heather became fast friends as befits their half sib relationship. Luckily for Diana this was about to change.
About the time Diana was getting ready to graduate and receive her CRNA license, Laura was approaching six years of age, and Heather was three. On one occasion, in picking up Heather for a weekend visitation, Dr McCord happened to casually mention that he and Michael O'Rourke had separated about six months previously, and the divorce would become final the following week. Apparently, Michael had not been comfortable with being a parent to Heather and refused to adopt her. Henry felt utterly betrayed, and he was devastated. Diana properly commiserated with him. Later on, Diana gave some deep thought about the situation, and she came up with a resolution.
She invited Henry to a dinner date at the same restaurant wherein he had asked her to become a surrogate mother. After ordering their dinner and exchanging some preliminary small talk, Diana asked, "With this divorce, do you think you'll marry again? Since you've been separated for some time now, have you in fact found another significant other?"
Dr McCord answered, "No, I'm pretty sure I won't even contemplate a permanent living together arrangement. Since I've left the Navy over a year ago, I've been very busy in building up my private practice, and so I've been swamped with work. And of course, I have Heather to raise, all of which precludes me from having any sex except for an occasional one night stand."
Diana smiled, "Well I have a proposition for you. Why don't we get married? You are aware that all the studies show that children thrive better if both their parents live together with them. I am after all the mother of your Heather, and I know you get along with Laura. Surely you wouldn't mind adopting her so she could have a father too?"
Henry answered, "But Diana you're still quite young. Don't you think you would want to marry a straight man and have a real marriage?"
Diana replied somewhat sheepishly, "You ought to know that I've become something of a libertine in my sexual appetites. In fact, making love to more than one man with sometimes a woman or two thrown in the mix is more of a norm for me than having sex with one man alone, not that I object to the latter case. Given that, I don't think my sexual proclivities for group sex bodes well for my chances in trying to lure a decent man into matrimony.
"So, to my way of thinking, married to you is a win-win situation for both of us. We certainly get along personally, and we certainly got along professionally, when you were at Balboa. Therefore, there would be no reason to believe we could not live amicably together. And because you're gay and I'm a slut, there would no sexual tension or hang-ups between us, which seems to plague a lot of married couples, both straight as well as gay couples. You wouldn't give a shit who I would fuck, because my partners wouldn't want to fuck you, them being straight and all that. Likewise, I couldn't give a shit about the men you fuck, since I know none of them would have any inclination to fuck me. Best of all, as I said it is axiomatic, that, both Laura and Heather would both benefit greatly with us living together. Laura would have a father, and a girl needs to identify with her father just as much as with her mother. And of course, I am the mother to both of them. Besides there are tax advantages for being married. So, as I said, it truly is a win-win situation."
Dr McCord contemplated her proposal for a while before he answered, "I must say that your proposition has merit and I'm at first blush receptive. Give me a little time to think about it, and I'll have an answer for you one way or the other, next time you come to pick up Heather.
"Fair enough. If you do decide favorably, I have two conditions: one, there is to be no sex in our marital home unless both of us are involved. In other words, if you want to have sex with a man, at our residence, both of you must agree to have sex with me as well. The vice versa applies in that my male contact must also be agreeable to have simultaneous sex with you. Two, I insist that our marriage must be consummated on our wedding night. If our marriage subsequently does not work out, I would rather it ends by divorce, and not by annulment. To me annulment of a marriage signifies total failure of getting into a marriage that had no chance from the get go to producing a happy matrimonial situation. And I promise you, that will be the only time I'll demand sex from you. Mind you, I'm pretty sure you're aware that should you at any time desire a woman if only for the sake of variety, I would be available."
"I think I can live with those conditions."
Subsequently, Dr Henry McCord did agree to marry Diana Van Buren. They were duly married in a civil ceremony before a Judge in his courthouse, with only Diana's mother and sisters in attendance as witnesses. Both Diana and Dr McCord believed that since it was common knowledge amongst their mutual friends and acquaintances that Henry was gay, those guests would be constrained to celebrate in a genuine and sincere manner, and would probably feel awkward in a normal wedding reception.
When the wedding date was established, Diana calculated that she would be ovulating on the wedding night. So she slyly had her IUD removed some three days before the wedding. Sure enough she became pregnant, and as she announced the confirmation of her pregnancy to her husband, she observed, "You know Henry, this is only the third time I've had sex without employing a birth control measure, and each time I've gotten pregnant..."
As if on cue Dr McCord added, "Yes I know. You are WOMAN and I hear you roar!"
They both laughed in joy.