I walked slowly toward the shower, holding the huge meaty cocks of my two black porno studs as each guy took a hold of a naked pierced breast each. Still parading around in my Garter belt and fishnet stockings, with my high heeled shoes making clicking sounds, resonating around the studio.
Ali began to unclasp my stockings as Dec undid the clasp at the rear of the garter belt.
Within seconds my stockings, shoes and garter were removed from my body leaving me vulnerably naked. While I wear my slut outfit I feel empowered and in control, being the slut I crave to be, but somehow being naked made me feel aware of my infidelity. This strangely aroused me, partially on account that I was naked holding two huge black cocks that had just stretched my pussy and asshole. The huge blacks cock were beginning to harden, making my eyes open with surprise at the speed they stiffened and the dramatic length of each beautiful black cock.
Ali turned the shower on as Dec kissed me softly, his full black lips tenderly brushing my own with his sexy tongue slipping into my mouth, wriggling sexily with my own tongue. Dec stepped into the shower inviting my sexy naked body to join him. I stepped inside and placed my arms around his neck pulling his head closer to mine and placing my soft lips over his mouth, restarting our gentle passionate kiss. His huge hard cock was between my legs, the throbbing length slipping and sliding along my excited shaved slit. I was moaning into Dec's mouth, enjoying every throbbing sensation of his beast of a cock pulsating against my unfaithful pussy. Ali stepped into the shower directly behind me, holding his enormous cock at the base and rubbing his magnificent meat between my buttocks, making my asshole squirm with delight.
The guys must have a telepathic connection as they both directed their wonderful cocks inside my tight cock hungry holes. Dec lifted my legs upward as I was now impaled on the two black cocks, thrusting in and out of my slut holes pleasuring me, making me desires these cocks as though my life depended on it. This was partially true as I could not imagine going the rest of my life without being fucked like this again.
"You have to leave me your numbers! I need to be fucked by these cocks again!" I implored.
Gently nibbling my neck Ali whispered.
"Don't you worry Suzi, Dec and I will fuck you plenty more and if you so wish we can't bring more black cock for you!"
That sparked my first shower based orgasm of the day as these two black slithering snakes filled my pussy and ass with sublime pleasure. I was kissing Dec with a savage passion, panting frantically.
"Fuck me!"
My pussy and ass were being stretched in the most sublime erotic fashion. I can't deny that a level of sensual pain was involved with an overbearing sense of sexual satisfaction. Both guys began to twitch their huge cocks deep inside me, sending erotic electric impulses through my entire body. My eyes were rolling with a passion I never knew existed as these masterful cocks devoured me.
"Yeah bitch you take our black cocks! When we fuck you next, you're gonna do anything we want you too!" Ali whispered in a menacing but supremely sexual tone.
"I'm your slut!" I stated breathlessly "I'll do anything you want!" I implored.
"We're gonna bring some of the brothers along to fuck you and you're gonna swallow so much black cock you might just choke on all of the spunk!" Ali sniggered "This is black cock you're gonna be fucked by, and the party don't stop until the brothers say so!"
I orgasmed wildly as his words aroused my ears just as much as his magnificent cock was arousing my asshole.
Ali was holding my full firm breasts, squeezing and twisting my erect pierced nipples. I leant my head back in towards Ali's as he unleashed his rather large tongue toward my excited lips. I flicked my own tongue on to his and pushed my lips over his opened mouth, my tongue exploring his mouth and meeting his tongue like mating snakes.
I had a black man inside my pussy, a black man inside my asshole and now I had a black man inside my mouth. Orgasmic juices were gushing out of my pussy and coating the six packed stomach of Dec as I began to flop, sandwiched deliciously by the best two cocks I felt I was ever likely to experience.
"We'll be spunking in your mouth lady!" Dec said with a huge white teeth flashing grin.
Dec and Ali unplugged their huge weapons from my airtight holes. The shower water was cascading down their magnificent black bodies as both guys held their huge cocks, stroking them slowly and pointing the powerful black hoses toward me. I knelt subserviently before my black sexual masters and placed a hand on each sensational specimen.
Ali was the first to twitch as his cock stiffened further, pushing his cock toward my face.
I lovingly opened my mouth, slipping my sexually swollen lips over his bulbous black cock, licking and sucking furiously as his cock began to erupt in my mouth. I swallowed greedily as much of his seed as possible, but these huge balls and massive cocks were producing opulent amounts of spunk. I pulled his cock out of my mouth as the last two spurts splashed across my cheeks. I kissed and chewed his deflating cock sensually as he high fived Dec, making a large clapping sound within the small shower cubicle. The landed spunk had now been washed away as Dec nudged my head, declaring his intentions. I planted my lips over his magnificent glans just in time for his spunk onslaught. Dec's orgasm was more ferocious than Ali's as he emptied spurt after spurt into my mouth as he held my head, keeping my mouth over his cock. I endeavoured to swallow as much as I could but inevitably it began to pour out of my cock sucking mouth. I held his orgasming cock with two hands, stroking the unbelievable length as the final twitches of his orgasm began to subside. Both guys were leaning back against the cubicle as I stroked the magnificent semi erect black cocks. Holding these heavy, black cocks in a semi erect state was still extremely arousing. I looked at the massive depleting cocks with a dreamy look washed across my face. Ali raised my chin upward until I was staring into his deep brown eyes.
"We'll leave you our numbers. You call us tomorrow and we'll arrange something special for you!"
I nodded my head subserviently and obediently.
"You will wear the sexiest underwear you posses when you get your next fuck from some black cocks!"
The three sexual amigos left the shower and picked up a towel each. The ebony skin of Ali and Dec didn't appear to hold water as the beautiful torso's before appeared to be dry immediately. Both guys took their towels and began to gently pat me dry, ensuring their towels got into every nook and cranny. Our giggling brought Neil and James over to us as the drying continued.
"I've had a quick look through the playback and I know we have captured something special on camera!" Neil smiled.
"Yes you did film something very special!" James smiled, staring at me with lust and love in his eyes.
All of this occurred just over a week ago, my porno interracial shoot which was now uploaded to the internet, which so far has had over twenty thousand downloads. That's twenty thousand cocks emptying spunk into a tissue while watching me being defiled by the magnificent cocks. With all of that fucking fresh in my mind, I now find I'm in my bedroom being prepared by James. James is draping my body in the most kinky lingerie and wickedly high heeled shoes. My hair and make-up is perfectly slutty just waiting to be used and abused by three huge black cocks, that just so happened to be in transit, on their way to come around to our marital home and fuck me wildly as my husband sits watching approvingly!
There are times I am so pleased to be me!