Curiosity Broke Kat - Chapter 1: Risky Business
My gut tells me I should turn around, leave and never come back...but I already accepted the goddamn contract. Using the moonlight to check my watch for the umpteenth time tonight, I sigh with relief, realising I'm still on schedule.
Three days ago, a woman had approached me, offering me a crazy sum of cash to sneak into her ex-husband's house and steal a ring. Being an odd-job sort of girl, it hadn't been the first time I took on such a mission. In fact, this particular lady had heard rumour of my services -- Katherine Bloomer's Risky Business --through a friend she met at her local yacht club...fucking rich people.
The job sounded easy enough...but standing here now, peering through the wrought iron bars and down the long lane to the country estate, I'm beginning to realise I should have charged her double. I sigh dramatically and resist the urge to tap my foot as I wait for the porch light to turn off, twiddling my long red hair before tying it up in a tight bun.
"And there it is," I say with a small smile as the porch is suddenly pitched in darkness. I tug my leather jacket tighter around me, pulling the zip up to my neck, then proceed to climb up and over the stone wall. Landing gracefully on the perfectly manicured lawn on the other side, I pick my way across the open gardens, pausing momentarily behind bushes to assess the area. It takes me a good four minutes of ducking and weaving through hedges to reach the west wing. The manor looms above, the main facade adorned with ivy and intricate store carvings which seem to catch the moonlight, emphasising its timeliness.
I pause, pressing my back to the wall as I catch my breath. According to the client, a library should be just beyond the window to my left. I edge along the wall, then lean my head to one side, peeking through the dirty, single pane window. It's quiet inside, vacant besides the endless shelves of books. Carefully, I slip my fingers under the window, and lift. Despite my client telling me the windows are never locked, I'm surprised when the glass lifts with ease, the mechanism still utilising the old victorian method of a string pulley system. Holding the window open with my shoulder, I lift my left leg inside, followed by my right, then slowly lower the pane without a sound.
The butler may be along soon...I should keep moving, but my feet stay rooted as I stare at the shelves surrounding the walls before me. My gaze travels up and up, the ceiling at double room height, with a mezzanine level featuring even more books. On the far wall is a fireplace, and just before that lies a soft, cream rug and three red Chesterfield sofas. I sigh, shoulders slumping slightly. I can only dream of having a library like this someday...such a room isn't for the likes of the lower class like me.
Shaking my head, I tip-toe over the old, rickety floor, towards an oak door with a stained glass window. Glancing through, I nearly groan when I see the hallway beyond painted red through the glass, almost like a bad omen. Nothing moves, no butler around to catch the cat-burglar creeping along the corridor. I open the door, grimacing when the old hinges creak. Waiting a moment, I hear no footsteps racing down the hall or doors opening inside the house, so I step out and continue towards my goal.
Creeping along the stone floor, I continue towards the grand staircase, my mouth dropping in awe of the solid oak beams and polished banister either side of the marble steps. My gloved hand rests on the curvaceous wood as I soundlessly climb the stairs. The second floor is just as opulent as below, with tapestries depicting naked women being carried away by medieval knights, or demons taking their unwilling victims on a bedroom floor. I pause at the final painting...there seems to be a theme going on here. The painted woman before me has her head thrown back in ecstasy, her arms tied above her head and a man between her thighs, his tongue tantalisingly close to her hairy pussy. I lick my lips without thinking, the gesture bringing me back to reality.
Last room on the right, last room on the right. I continue my mantra, ignoring the erotic depictions surrounding me and my suddenly very hard nipples. Sneaking into the far room, the curtains are open allowing moonlight to pour through the window and bathe the room in a soft glow. Thankfully the place is empty, just like the client said. Though, upon closer inspection, the duvet and blanket on a beautiful four-poster bed are all caked in a layer of dust, just as the small side table and chairs against the wall are equally dusty. She had informed me this was her room...how long had the couple been divorced?
Again, I shake my head. Not my problem, no need to concern myself. I march -- very quietly -- over to the chest of drawers. On top is a beautifully ornate mother-of-pearl jewellery box. I open the lid and inside is the gold ring I was contracted to steal, the diamond easily five carats and well above my pay grade...but something else catches my eye. A stunning but much less extravagant pair of pearl drop earrings. I pick them up to inspect the semi-precious stone in the low light of the moon, the glow only serving to enhance their beauty. I tuck the pair in my pocket, along with the gold diamond ring, then close the jewellery box.
Tiptoeing out of the room, I'm heading for the staircase when a dim, red light switches on down the opposite hallway...What was that about curiosity and the cat? I suppose dying of boredom is ultimately worse than dying from a little intrigue. I continue to watch the glowing red light, the way it lights up an entryway...inviting me...taunting me.
"Fuck it," I mumble to myself, abandoning my exit-strategy and heading for the possible death trap. My steps slow as a soft sound grows louder, a thumping noise nearly making me jump. My heart pounds in my chest, nipples still hard and pussy pulsating from the adrenaline when I finally recognise the sound.
Chains rattle and a woman moans just beyond the open door. Either I'm about to witness something traumatising, or something very private...or possibly both. I mean, who could turn away from that? With one hand planted on the doorjamb, I slowly lean my head in, and take a deep breath.
Holy fuck-nuggets.
Ropes wrap around a large, beautiful woman suspended from the ceiling, resembling a bug caught in a spider's web. As her body rotates in mid-air, I hold my breath as her face comes into view, her pretty lips wrapped around a gag, her eyes blindfolded. Whoever her lover is, they've tied her hair in a long ponytail, but odd strands fall about her face, sticking to the spit and drool forming around the gag.
I'm fucking mesmerised, watching as the bound and gagged woman continues rotating like a grand prize at the country fair. Upon seeing a side angle, I tilt my head to one side, wondering why her breasts are a funny shape. Realisation quickly dawns on me they, too, have been bound, a rope wrapped around each breast so tight them seem fit to burst. My tongue darts out to suck on my lower lip at the thought of what her swollen nipples must taste like. I cup my own, squeezing them, wondering if she's in pain. I'm quickly distracted from my thoughts when the woman's slow rotation presents her ass and pussy to me. A groan slips past my lips and my hand flies up to cover my mouth. Her asshole is stretched wide, a large glass plug buried to the hilt and allowing a quick glimpse deep within her most private area. The woman's pussy has faired no better, as strapped to her leg is a vibrator, the constant stimulation to her clit likely agonising. My thighs clench together, and I'm suddenly torn between reaching out and touching her, and running for the hills.
"Like what you see, little thief?" a cool, deep voice calls from the dark corner of the room, making me squeal in fright. He chuckles at the sound, then stands from an arm-chair and steps under the light. I realise then, that the red glow I'd seen had come from a spotlight just above where the woman had been hung, her body a piece of art on display for his pleasure.
"I...I.." My words catch in my throat as I go to take a step back. A hand lands on my shoulder, prompting another scream to rip from my throat. The same hand quickly covers my mouth, just as blind panic settles on me like a blanket. I try twisting my head to see who has me, but an arm snakes around my waist, keeping me still and facing forward.
"Shall I dispose of her, sir?" a posh sounding male voice asks from behind me.
My eyes widen at the question, and I wriggle in his grip, trying to fight without thinking, not gaging my opponent or assessing the situation as per my training.
Before me, the first man's lips tilt ever so slightly in a smirk and he crosses his arms. "Not just yet, Leo. We should question her first, see who sent her, who gave her details to the house...the usual." His voice is calm, almost disinterested as his gaze travels over my slim-fitting outfit. "I've been hoping to find a new toy to play with." He reaches down and plucks a neatly folded rope from the table beside his armchair, then walks towards me.
I glance from the rope, to the man. Fuck this. Lifting my heel, I slam it down on my captor's foot, eliciting an angry yelp. The hand holding my mouth disappears, the arm around my waist loosening just enough that I spring forward and out of his grasp, then turn on the spot, swinging my leg up and around until the satisfying crack of leather against bone rings across the room. My captor falls the moment my boot connects with the side of his head, out for the count. Footsteps pound behind me, an arm reaching out -- I jump over the fallen man and out the door. Tearing around the corner, I fly down the corridor, desperate to escape whatever the two men had planned.
A strong hand grips the hem of my leather jacket, wrenching me back before slamming me face first against the wall. My hands shoot out, barely managing to cushion the impact as a man's body presses against mine.
"Who the fuck are you?" he growls. His voice isn't like the other one -- Leo, I think his name was. No, this man's voice is like velvet, at least an octave deeper, and angry as fuck.
"None of your goddamn business," I ground out, gritting my teeth as his chest pushes into me, his nose going to my hair and breathing in deep.
"You're in my house, on my land...it's entirely my business," he rumbles against my ear.
I shudder, closing my eyes and waiting for the right moment. "You plan to tie me up like that woman in there?" I ask. He tips his head back and laughs -- giving me my opening. Tucking my arms into my chest, I whip my body around, catching him off guard. With a smile and a wink, I slam my forehead against the fucker's chin, making him gasp and jump back. Swaying slightly, I stumble towards the stairs, gripping my forehead and hurrying for my exit.
A roar of anger reverberates up the stairs behind me, but I keep going, not daring to look back as I enter the library and slam the door shut. Going for the open window, I manage to get halfway out when the door bursts open, practically taking the damn thing off its hinges. A scream bubbles up my throat but I clamp down on it, shimmying through the window and outside into the gardens before he can grab me.
We stay like that for a small moment, a mere sheet of glass separating us. The way the man's shoulders rise and fall, his chest puffed out as he takes in several deep breaths...he's like a wild animal, recently released from its cage. A cool shiver courses through me, goosebumps prickling my arms, less from the cold of the midnight air and more from the icy glare directed my way.
His body stills as I reach into my pocket and pull out the ring and the earrings. Taking the earrings, I place them on the head of a stone statue depicting a boy reading a book. "I took more than I should have...I'm sorry," I say. Then, holding up the gold ring, I turn it so it catches the moonlight. "I have to take this. I was hired to steal it, but that's all I can tell you...I imagine you would have noticed it gone eventually and realised that's what I'd taken." I can't be sure of that...but the thought makes me feel a little better about telling him I'd been hired.
"Go ahead, take it," he says, body softening, his eyes barely registering the ring as he grins almost playfully. "I'll have it back by morning."
I swallow the lump in my throat, then turn and run for the end of the garden, and my freedom. Once over the wall, I check my watch. I'm meeting the client at 7am, plenty of time to go home, change and wash off the scent of that man's sandalwood cologne. Fuck, he smelled so good. Continuing along the path, I keep to the shadows as I head towards my car.
Why did he seem so confident he would get the ring back? Had I missed something? Pausing on the sidewalk, I take the ring from my pocket to inspect it. There's no way they can track it...does he maybe know who hired me? Fuck it. I tuck the ring back in my pocket and hurry the last few metres to the car, opening the door and slipping inside. Not my problem.
Turning on the engine, my small Volkswagen Beetle hums to life, making me feel a little safer already. I pull out of the quiet street and onto the main road, heading for the motorway. Considering the early hour and deserted roads, I should have clocked the dim headlights in my rearview mirror. But my mind was elsewhere...mostly thinking about that woman, tied up on display like a mere object. Again, my thighs tighten, my pussy tingling at the thought.
I pull off the motorway, the headlights still trailing in the distance as one hand leaves the wheel to squeeze my breast, I moan, allowing my hand to fall between my thighs as the woman in my mind turns, still suspended under the red spotlight, her pussy dripping wet and asshole stretched wide for anyone to see. My fingers slip inside my trousers, rubbing the wet patch on my panties.
I screech to a halt as a cat races across the road, the adrenaline pouring a bucket of ice water on my fired up fantasy. "Fuck!" I yell, slamming both hands on the wheel. With a sigh, I lick my fingers clean, then put my foot on the pedal, pulling into my driveway, the car behind me continuing on just down the street. "Fucking Cats."
To be continued...
------------
ALL OF MY WORK IS COPYRIGHTED!!
Copyright © Bella Savage 2024
The right of BELLA SAVAGE to be identified as the author of this work has been asserted by her in accordance with the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, transmitted, or stored in a retrieval system in any form or by any means without permission in writing from the copyright owner, nor otherwise circulated in any form of binding or cover other than that in which it is published and without a similar condition being imposed on the subsequent purchaser.
This is a work of fiction. All characters in this publication are fictitious, and any resemblance to real people, alive or dead, is purely coincidental.
------------