Getting to the gym early has its advantages Chapter 2
My name is Andy. From Chapter One, I had just been caught swimming naked at the local gym by one of the gym employees, Marcy. Marcy was holding my erection in her hand when another swimmer walked in for his morning laps. She cleverly deflected his questions about my lack of swimsuit with a story line that it was nude swim for the guys this morning. As John happily swam naked laps, unaware that there wasn't any such event, the two women took stock of their wonderful luck.
As Marcy released my stiffening cock, Marcy told Jennie, "I'm not sure what we do with John, but I'm sure we aren't going to let Andy off easy, at least not any time soon. I love how he looks right now."
I couldn't disagree at that moment. Still dripping wet, my one-hour adrenaline infused workout was faster and more intense than anything I normally did. With my hands on my hips, gasping for breath, the full inhale and full exhale to get control of my breathing accentuated the six-pack I was developing. Plus, it was making my now rock-hard cock raise and lower with each full breath.
"I agree," Jennie said. "There are a couple more women in the locker room getting ready to work out. I'm sure they wouldn't mind having some fun. What do you think?"
"I don't like that idea AT ALL," I offered. "I'm not sure about any more folks enjoying my predicament!"
"I wasn't offering you the choice, Andy," Jennie scolded. "I was talking to Marcy!"
"Absolutely," Marcy grinned. "The least we can do is let him go get a drink of water. I'm sure he's thirsty after the workout he just finished."
"But there are people coming in the gym and the water fountain is by the basketball court entrance," I countered!
"I know," Marcy replied. "That's exactly why we're going out of the pool area...to get you seen! You know you want me to make you do it. Besides, I know the girls in the locker room right now, and they would kill me if I didn't let them in on this. Besides, by now, the other attendant has cut the lock off your locker and taken your clothes and gym bag and put it behind the front desk for safe keeping. You'll need to go up front to get any clothes anyway."
"Jack did what," I asked?
"I asked him to take your clothes, since you didn't seem to want to wear them this morning," Marcy purred. "If you play this right, you're about to have a wonderful time...and so are we! You've entered an exhibitionist's greatest dream. Now, move...you look awfully thirsty."
My mind was racing and my hormones were on overdrive. I wanted this, but I didn't want this...if that made any sense. To be forced to be naked in a public place was erotic as hell to me. I guess at the gym early in the morning was a fairly controlled environment. Plus, if Marcy and Jennie knew the women likely to see me, I knew the one or two guys who were normally here and they would probably just laugh at me for getting caught...so what the heck did I really have to lose?
Resigned to my fate, I nodded 'yes' and opened the glass door to the gym. As I walked the few steps on the concrete floor, the cooler air of the gym was a shock to my wet skin, reminding me that I was naked in public. I passed the basketball court entrance, where I could see several women getting ready for a yoga class, but I passed quickly enough that none of them seemed to react to my state of dress. I glanced quickly around the gym, locking eyes with Jack at the front desk, who slightly smiled and waved. Nodding an acknowledgement, I bent over to get a drink from the low hanging water fountain, trying to drink while still trying to catch my breath and soak in all the new sensory stimulus that comes with walking naked where you know you aren't supposed to be and realizing that this was sending me on a path of no return very quickly.
Jennie walked closely behind me as I was bent over at the water fountain, taking to opportunity to lightly stroke my bare ass with her hand as she walked toward the entrance to the girl's locker room. "Susannah, I have a surprise for you," she called into the locker room.
Susannah...wait...which Susannah? This was a small town...it couldn't be the same Susannah who was an ex-girlfriend, could it? If it was, at least she had seen me naked before, but I didn't know what her reaction might be.
As the mystery girl came out of the door to meet Jennie, she immediately spotted me, naked as the day I was born! Oh, crap! It was her...
"Andy," Susannah squealed! Not taking her eyes off of me, she began to address Jennie. "How in the world did you get Andy like this? He looks almost good enough to eat! He's dropped a few pounds, toned up, and lost all of his body hair and tan lines since the last time I saw him naked," she said, chuckling. "I wouldn't have wanted to miss this for the world! What do you guys have planned?"
"We're kind of making it up as we go along," Jennie told her.
"Well," she hissed coolly, "I'm sure we girls can think of something to do with him!"
I couldn't tell by the tone of her voice if she was an old, unhappy girlfriend, or just a playful horny woman checking out a naked catch. I didn't have long to wait to find out what she had in mind.
"Where are his clothes," Susannah asked?
"Andy was a bad boy this morning. He decided he was tired of swimming with a bathing suit on," Marcy offered. Holding my suit up on the end of her finger to show the other women, she continued, "even though his swimsuits don't leave much to the imagination, we just decided for him that he wasn't getting dressed any time soon. We're making sure he doesn't get a towel, either. His clothes and his car keys are at the front desk. Any ideas on what to do with him will be considered. Any thoughts?"
I didn't know the other woman who came out of the locker room with Susannah, but she just stood in the background with a smile on her face and her arms crossed. Now a total of four women, possibly a yoga class, and four or five guys in the free weights were watching my current situation. I had no idea my erection could get any harder or any bigger...but I was starting to worry about my old girlfriend interjecting a revengeful turn into this, rather than something fun.
As Susannah came closer to me, I automatically stepped back slightly and moved to cover my crotch with my hands. "Don't you dare cover up," she said. "I haven't seen you for a couple of years. I want to take a closer inspection, just for the fun of it." Continuing to inspect me from head to toe, she reached out to feel my smooth hairless stomach, and at the same time, reached with her other hand to cup my ass. While continuing to feel for any hair on my flat stomach and rounded ass, she looked me dead in the eye and winked. "I love the hairless look, Andy. Very nice," she cooed. "I like what you've done with your body. I always thought your cock was good size, but it really does look bigger when there isn't any pubic hair. Better for blow jobs, too, I'm sure. You liked those back in the day, if I remember correctly. I don't remember the last time I saw the head of your dick so big and purple and you're flowing precum like crazy." Her last comment caused all of the women to take a closer look at my now glistening cock. Up until then, it just looked like I was still wet from the pool. Her light touching as she explored my body in front of these other women ramped up my excitement even higher.
Moving her hands to now cup my balls with her right hand while beginning to stroke my steel hard, throbbing pole with her left, she let the other women in a little secret. "I bet he's so excited that he won't last very long before he cums. If he's still anything like he was when we were dating, he shoots buckets of cum when he's this excited! Anybody here mind if I demonstrate?" Not waiting for an answer, she began stroking my cock, spreading precum along the length of my shaft. Her soft hands fell into a still familiar rhythm... from the glans of my tender, swollen head of my dick to the base of the shaft.
Her actions were definitely having the expected effect on me. As the other three women watched withraptattention, Susannah continued slowly jacking me off for the audience in a public gym. The guys also stopped lifting to watch a little closer, too...adjusting themselves discreetly as they watched. Feeling the cool air conditioning on my naked body and under the control of 4 clothed women, I was in exhibitionist heaven. The whole morning's events of Marcy taking control, showing me off to the additional women, and then forcing me to walk out into the gym, naked and erect, had ramped up my libido as high as it had even been! As Susannah continued her practiced motions, my breathing became short, my stomach muscles spasmed uncontrollably, and my legs felt like jelly. I erupted with rope after rope of thick white cum! Wave after wave of orgasm wracked my body as I pumped shot after shot. The first shot hit me under my chin. Susannah skillfully aimed additional shots onto my chest and stomach. Final weaker shots ran over her hand and my shaft and balls and down on the floor, much to the delight of the open mouthed, smiling women around me.
Milking the last remaining cum from my still erect cock, Susannah smeared my fresh cum all over my chest, stomach, crotch, and thighs. As I was still recovering from the strongest orgasm that I can ever remember, she wiped the remaining cum on her hand on my ass. Scooping some of the cum running down my stomach with her right hand she smeared it on my face and into my hair. Actually, looking back on it, I was going to need to clean up, but I wasn't expecting her to smear me with my own fresh jism!
As I stood in complete humiliation and shock, Susannah smiled broadly and said, "Just as I remembered! You can parade him around in the gym now, if you guys want to, until his cum dries and a few more people come in to see him. The fella's in the free weights seem interested in him, too. I would keep his clothes, give him his car keys, and send him home naked just like he is!"
"Wow, not sure we were expecting that! As much fun and revengeful as that sounds," sputtered Marcy, "that's not the course of action we probably will choose...but thanks for the show and your input! Obviously, you and Andy have a past, but the rest of us kind of hope to continue to play with Andy more in the future."
"Andy, I'm sorry for that," Jennie offered. "I didn't realize Susannah was an old girlfriend with an agenda. If you don't bail on us now, I promise we'll make it worth your while."
Despite the mess that Susannah had caused, the smell of my own cum and the coolness of it drying on my skin, while humiliating, was erotic in a strange kind of way. It also got the other three women feeling sorry for me...which sounded like might work to my advantage here shortly. Plus, I think the guys watching were impressed with my volume and distance.
"We're not inclined to give you your clothes back, but I do think this might have just earned you a shower," Marcy offered. "Maybe one of us will take pity on you and help you clean up. Would you like that?"
"Yes," I replied softly. "I think that might keep me interested in playing."
As Jennie was chewing out Susannah for what she had done, Marcy walked me into the girl's locker room. "I can't go into the guy's side, but I sure can take you into our side. I would tell you to strip and get into a shower, but how convenient, you don't have anything to strip," she said with a wide grin.
Not being familiar with the women's locker room, Marcy led me to the shower stall that the girls used before they go to the pool. It was remote from the other bank of showers, but I didn't think anything of it, other that I hoped nobody walked in on me while I was cleaning up. Before turning on the shower, Marcy took a finger and swiped a small load of my come and tasted it. "Just for future reference to see if I like how you taste," Marcy whispered with a twinkle in her eye. "Mmm, you taste really good. I'll definitely go to the source soon for some more of that," she admitted, while she reached down and stroked my softening cock. As the water was warming up, Marcy smiled as she left and said she would be back with some towels shortly.
With the water warm enough, I ducked into the shower and closed the curtain behind me. As I was lathering up, I was soon surprised to hear the curtain being pulled back and a soft pair of hands soaping up my back. As I turned around, I was met with the wonderful vision of a smiling, naked Jennie with a washcloth and soap in her hands. She looked even better out of her suit than in it. As I suspected, she shaved, revealing the most beautiful pussy I have seen in a while. Her arousal was beginning to show, as her clit was starting to poke out from its hood and her outer labia lips were beginning to flower and glisten with her own moisture. A swimmer's body, with broad shoulders and very little body fat. Her small perky, tanned, tits barely jiggled as she moved and talked. While she had string bikini bottom tan lines, she obviously was going topless often. My softening cock reversed course at the sight of her.
Stepping into the shower with me, she said, "I've been dreaming of grabbing that cock of yours since I first saw you in swimming laps in those tiny swimsuits of yours... but, besides wanting to play with it now that I've seen it, I also figured I owed you an apology for what Susannah did to you. I wasn't expecting her to act that way. I'm sorry."
"You don't have to..." I began...but before I could say anything else, Jennie leaned in and gave me a big, wet kiss. Stepping back, she erotically locked eyes with me and playfully lathered soap on her chest and arms. She then embraced me, pulling me to her, pressing her bubbly breasts to my chest and trapping my hardening erection between us. Using her body as the wash cloth, she playfully cleaned off my previous cum shots, while also soaping my back and ass with her hands.
Whispering, she said, "I'm just getting this cum off your body so you can make me some more."
Breaking her embrace, she took one final visual and hands-on inspection of my body and made sure I was clean and appropriately hard. My own quick visual inspection of her womanhood showed her labia to be in full rose-colored flower. Satisfied with what she saw and felt, standing on her tip toes, she skillfully wrapped her right leg around my left hip, and her left arm around my neck. She then raised herself up and proceeded to guide my stiffened rod with her other hand into her awaiting, slippery cunt. Her excitement and lubrication allowed me to slide right in, all the way to the base of my seven-inch shaft. She growled softly in my ear, "fuck me like you mean it," as she then put her right arm and left leg around me, skewered on my pole. Backing her up to the side wall of the shower and putting my hands under her firm ass for support, we soon found a rhythm that worked for both of us. As I pounded her pussy for all it was worth, she nibbled and tongued my ear, whispering her instructions to fuck her faster... or slower... or harder. Having just had one of the biggest orgasms I had ever had, I was able to hold off for quite a while. For her first orgasm, she tightened her legs around my waist and whispered, "stop for a minute", and ground her smooth, slick pubic mound and clit into the base of my shaft. After she spasmed and panted for a couple of minutes, she then started to ride my pole again. A few more minutes of her bucking wildly using my tool as a boy toy, she had her second orgasm. She was on her third orgasm before I finally shot my load into her awaiting honeypot.
As we came down from our mutual orgasm, Jennie whispered, "am I forgiven?" Not waiting for an answer, she lowered herself down, allowing my softening cock to slip out of her full flowered love tunnel. As my dick popped out, our mutual juices flowed down her legs.
I quickly assured her that she was forgiven and kissed her passionately for several more minutes.
As we finished re-soaping and rinsing the sex off of each other, she stated with a grin, "this doesn't mean you're getting your clothes back any time soon."
"I can live with that," I assured her. "As long as the rewards are as good as I just got."
"I think they will be," she cooed.