Tim was an 18-year old high school student nearing graduation. Tim was tall and athletic, but a shy kid. He had lived next door to Sadie and her family his entire life. Tim and Sadie's parents were good friends and often went out to dinner and had parties together. Any time one family had a party or event, the family next door was invited. Which also meant that most times Tim and Sadie got drug along to the event with their parents. The families occasionally even took vacations together.
Sadie was 24-years old and had recently moved back home to stay with her parents. She was taking some time off before attending graduate school in the Fall. Sadie was very attractive. She had blonde hair and a petite frame with nice legs and a perfect, firm, round butt. She also had a very nice set of boobs. Sadie was well put together. From the moment Tim had become interested in girls, he had always thought Sadie was gorgeous.
Sadie was always friendly toward Tim. Because their families were close, Tim and Sadie had spent a decent amount of time together growing up. When they were younger, Sadie even babysat Tim a number of times. Because of their age difference, they weren't close friends, but they occasionally hung out together without their parents and always got along well when they were together.
Most people knew Sadie as a sweet, innocent girl. She wasn't a conservative prude, but no one knew her as a wild child either. She got along great with her parents and never really got into trouble. Sadie did, however, have an adventurous side most people did not know.
Tim and Sadie's parents' houses were typical tract homes with not a lot of space between them. Tim and Sadie's rooms were both upstairs and faced each other. The other bedrooms in the houses were on the opposite sides of the houses. So, the only real view into Sadie's room from outside was from Tim's room, and vice versa.
One evening Tim was at his desk in his room surfing the internet. The light switched on in Sadie's room and caught his attention. Tim turned and looked. Sadie's drapes were open, and he saw Sadie enter her room. Sadie proceeded to get undressed, stripping down to her bra and skimpy thong panties. She laid face down on the bed and opened her laptop.
Tim continued to watch Sadie, but he did not want to get caught staring. So, he quickly turned the lights off in his room. He continued sitting in the dark watching her. Tim had seen Sadie in a bathing suit bikini before, but nothing ever this revealing. And the fact it wasn't her bathing suit, but rather her bra and panties which were not meant for public viewing, excited Tim. Tim continued watching her intently for 30 minutes. Eventually, Sadie closed her laptop. She went to the window and closed her drapes.
The lights then went out in her room. Tim was very excited about what he had seen. Tim hadn't dated a lot, so seeing a beautiful woman in her panties in person was exhilarating.
The next evening, at about the same time as the previous evening, Tim looked out his window. And, at about the same time, Sadie entered her room and repeated the same routine from the night before. Tim quickly turned off his lights when Sadie entered her room. Tim again watched Sadie from the darkness. This routine repeated almost nightly as Sadie routinely went to bed at nearly the same time.
Tim started watching out his window in the daytime to see if he could catch a glimpse of Sadie from in-between a small slit in the middle of his nearly closed drapes. On numerous occasions, he got a glimpse of Sadie changing or laying around in her panties.
On a few occasions, Tim thought Sadie might have seen him. When he did, he quickly closed his drapes or turned out his lights. Since Sadie didn't change her actions and still exposed herself, Tim assumed he hadn't been caught.
One afternoon, Sadie walked by her window in her panties and noticed the curtains moving in Tim's room. He had just tugged them closed hoping she didn't see him. The next night she caught a brief glimpse of Tim dashing across his room to turn off his lights when she entered her room. She didn't take any action to indicate she caught Tim peeping on her, but she had figured out he was. Sadie actually kind of liked having a secret admirer next door. She knew Tim was harmless and his interest in her was a tiny confidence booster for Sadie.
Once Sadie discovered Tim was watching her, she decided to have fun with it. Since she did not mind Tim seeing her, she intentionally gave Tim a tiny show from time to time. Sadie started being more deliberate about giving Tim a look, but not so obvious that he would know she was on to him. She occasionally would walk to the window topless to close or open her drapes to give Tim a good view. Sadie enjoyed it. She figured what 18-year old boy, including Tim, wouldn't want to see her beautiful body? She thought it was harmless fun teasing Tim a little.
Sadie almost always knew when Tim was watching her, as she could see a faint glow from his laptop in the corner of Tim's room with the rest of his room lights off. She rarely actually saw Tim in his room, but she kind of knew when he was there. She knew his parents didn't allow Tim to go out on school nights, so she definitely knew he was home every school night even though his room was typically dark and she couldn't see in.
Sadie often laid out in her back yard to get a tan. Her yard was secluded from view from most of the neighbors with hedges and tall trees between the yards. You could however get a view of a portion of Sadie's back yard at a distance from Tim's room. Sadie purposefully placed her lounge chair where it would be in view of Tim's room. When her parents were not around, Sadie often laid out topless in a position Tim would be able to see her, or would get up without her top on and walk inside to retrieve a drink.
Tim's parents owned a boutique women's clothing store downtown. They mostly catered to women in their 20s up to about 35. The clothing was too expensive for high school students, and too trendy for anyone over 35. Sadie shopped there often. She liked the clothes and Tim's parents sold them to her at cost, so it was a great deal for her.
Tim's parents made him work at the clothing shop, mostly on the weekends. They insisted he did so to learn work ethic and responsibility. He got paid normal wages, but Tim hated working there. It was the least cool job for a high school kid he could imagine. Attractive women often frequented the store, but they were substantially older than Tim. And their age didn't matter, because Tim was too shy to flirt with anyone that came in the store. So, Tim really saw zero upside to working there.
Sadie always had Tim help her when she came to the clothing store. She preferred interacting with someone she knew, and he knew about her discount, so it made it easier than working with any of the other employees. Since the store was small, it was common that Tim was the only one working there when Sadie visited. Sadie knew the times when the store typically wasn't crowded, so she often shopped there then.
After Sadie had discovered that Tim was peeping her, she decided to extend her teasing fun to the store. The doors of the dressing rooms were half-sized, so they were open at the top and the bottom. They came within a foot of the floor and were almost seven feet tall from the floor to the gap at the top, so no one could see in when they were closed. Sadie had frequently asked Tim to get her other sizes of clothes she was trying on in the dressing room. He would fetch what she asked for and then drape it over the top of her door.
But now, Sadie started leaving her dressing room door cracked partly open as she was changing when no one else was in the store. When she did this, you could get a slight glimpse inside the dressing room as you walked toward it. She often would wear a sexy thong or V-string to the store and would purposefully strip down to her panties and call out to Tim to grab her another size. She turned her back toward the door as Tim approached.
This gave Tim a brief glimpse of her tight ass, but also gave him the impression she didn't know he could see since her back was turned to him and the door. Sadie could see in the mirror and through the crack in the door Tim approach her dressing room behind her, but he never noticed that. She confirmed Tim was in fact peeking at her. Sadie enjoyed being a little exhibitionist in this manner.
Occasionally, Sadie got bolder teasing Tim at the store. When no one was around, if she was wearing more of a bikini style set of panties, she would come out of the dressing room wearing a sweater or blouse and no bottoms, revealing the lower half of her panties. She would ask Tim to get her another size or go get one herself off the racks. She purposefully moved her arms in a manner that caused the lower half of her top to raise up momentarily, giving Tim a very brief view of her panties.
It had been several weeks since Sadie initially caught Tim peeping on her. She was enjoying the attention. One evening after she had been out at happy hour with a girlfriend and had several drinks, Sadie was feeling particularly frisky. She was in her room at her normal bedtime. She confirmed Tim's room was dark with the faint laptop glow in the corner. Sadie couldn't see Tim, but she knew he was watching.
Sadie undressed in view of the window as she often did. This time, she stripped naked and laid on the bed with her back against the headboard. Sadie proceeded to masturbate as she leaned against the headboard. Tim couldn't believe it. He quickly removed his hard cock from his shorts and started jerking off. He was so turned on he couldn't help himself.
Sadie felt a little naughty knowing Tim was almost certainly watching her. It wasn't long before Tim lost it and came all over his hand. Sadie continued for a while until she arched her back, bit her lip and came. Sadie enjoyed it so much, she made a new habit of masturbating like this a few times a week where Tim could see her.
A few weeks later, Tim was in his room and he noticed Sadie's lights go on. It was a bit earlier than normal so caught him off guard. He stumbled across his room and turned his lights off. Sadie didn't see him, but she did notice his light go out. To Tim's surprise, Sadie wasn't alone. There was another girl with her. She was also attractive and appeared about the same age as Sadie, with a similar height and figure.
The girls sat on the bed for a while and talked. Tim continued watching from the darkness of his room. After a while, Sadie leaned forward and kissed the girl. Tim was shocked and excited. He continued watching intently as they made out. The girls slowly peeled each other's clothes off and were soon down to their bras and panties. Tim pulled his cock from his shorts and started jerking off as he watched.
The girls continued kissing on the bed for a bit. Eventually, Sadie got up and went to the window in her bra and panties and drew the drapes closed. However, the lights staid on for quite a while after the drapes were shut. Sadie did this on purpose to tease Tim and make him wonder.
Tim continued to look out his window. His mind raced imagining what was happening behind the closed drapes. He couldn't believe what he had seen. Tim continued watching, desperately hoping the drapes would be opened. To his disappointment, they never did. Eventually, Sadie's light went out and dashed Tim's hopes of seeing more. Tim eventually fell asleep.
The following weekend on Saturday evening, Tim and Sadie's parents went out to dinner together. Sadie went over to Tim's house and knocked on the door. When Tim opened the door, Sadie asked, "What are you up to?"
Tim replied, "I was just finishing dinner."
Sadie asked, "Can I come in?"
Tim answered, "Sure." Sadie came inside and they went and sat at the kitchen table. Tim asked Sadie if she wanted anything, but she said no. They talked for a bit sitting at the table.
After a while, Sadie said, "Tim, I know your little secret?"
Tim inquired, "Huh? I don't have a secret?"
Sadie continued, "I know you have been a naughty little boy."
Puzzled, Tim asked, "What are you talking about?"
Sadie said, "I know little Timmy has been a naughty peeping Tom. Or should I say peeping Tim? You've been spying on me through my window. I saw you. More than once. I know you've seen me naked."
Tim's face turned red. He fumbled for what to say as he knew he had been caught red handed. He had hoped Sadie hadn't seen him on a couple occasions when he suspected she might have, but now he knew she had caught him. He stuttered, "I... Uh..."
Sadie cut him off and said, "It's ok Tim. I actually don't mind. I'm not ashamed of my body." Sadie raised one leg under the table and put her heel on Tim's chair between his legs. Her bare foot was barely touching the fabric of the crotch of his shorts. Tim was still flustered from being caught and didn't know how to react.
Sadie continued, "Do you think I'm attractive?" Tim hesitated and didn't know how to respond. Sadie asked again, "Do you?" as she pressed her foot into his crotch.
Tim jolted and blurted out, "Yes."
Sadie asked, "Tell me. I want to hear you say it."
Tim remarked, "I think you are gorgeous."
Sadie replied, "Thank you. That makes me feel good. Do you have a crush on me?"
Tim answered, "Yes."
Sadie asked, "How long have you had it?"
Tim responded, "As long as I can remember."
Sadie remarked, "I'll let you in on a little secret Tim. I've always known you had a crush on me. I think its sweet." Sadie paused and then asked, "Have you dated a lot of girls?"
Tim replied, "No, not really."
Sadie asked, "Have you French kissed a girl?"
Tim answered, "Ya, a couple."
Sadie inquired, "How far have you gotten?"
Tim replied, "Mostly just making out and kissing?"
Sadie asked, "Have you gotten to second base?"
Tim said, "I guess that depends on your definition of second base. I've felt up a girl, over her clothes though."
Sadie remarked, "So you are a virgin, then?"
Tim replied, "Yes."
Sadie commented, "Mmm... I really like that. It turns me on a little."
Sadie began moving her bare foot gently back and forth on Tim's crotch, rubbing his cock through his shorts with her toes. Tim was soon rock hard. After a long pause, Sadie continued her inquiry. She said, "I've been wondering if you jerk off when you watch me through my window at night." After a short pause she continued, "It's ok if you do." Tim didn't make any response. Sadie continued, "You've watched me masturbate, haven't you?" Tim didn't answer. Sadie said, "Tim?" as she pressed her foot firmly into his crotch again.
Tim blurted out, "Yes."
Sadie asked, "Tell me what you thought about it."
Tim responded, "It was really hot. I liked it a lot."
Sadie said, "I see." Then she inquired, "Did you watch me with my friend Becky last night?" Tim didn't respond. Sadie said, "Tim?" as she pressed her foot firmly in his crotch again.
Tim replied, "Yes."
Sadie asked, "And what did you think of that?"
Tim commented, "I thought it was incredible. Really hot."
Sadie responded, "I'm glad you liked it."
After a long pause, Tim asked, "So, are you two like a couple?"
Sadie replied, "You are asking am I a lesbian?"
Tim answered, "Ya, I guess."
Sadie said, "No, I'm not a lesbian. I enjoy being with a woman every now and then for fun. It is so different than being with a man. When it happens, it is usually after drinking too much. Becky and I were roommates and sorority sisters in college. We've been close friends ever since. She has a wild side for sure. Much more so than I do. Do you think she is attractive?"
Tim said, "Yes, she was pretty hot too."
Sadie asked, "Hotter than me?"
Tim replied, "No, you are better looking than she is."
Sadie commented, "Good answer. Smart boy. Remember that." Sadie pulled her foot back from Tim's crotch. She stood up from the table and said, "It's getting close to my bedtime. We'll talk later. Sleep well." Sadie walked out of the kitchen and returned home.
Tim went up to his room soon after Sadie left. He was incredibly horny from the conversation and Sadie rubbing his hard cock with her foot. At her normal bedtime, Tim saw Sadie enter her room and turn on the lights. She proceeded to strip naked in her window as if she didn't know Tim was there watching in the dark. Sadie laid on her bed and started masturbating. Tim quickly got out his cock and jerked off while he watched her. He came two minutes later spurting a large cumload all over his hand.
Tim continued watching as Sadie rubbed her pussy. About five minutes later he saw her arch her back and jerk and spasm. After she finished cumming, she drew the drapes shut and turned off the lights.
The next night, Tim tuned in at Sadie's normal bedtime. When he looked, the drapes were drawn closed but the lights in Sadie's room were on. Tim watched hopefully from his dark room. After several minutes, the drapes were drawn open by Becky, followed by her opening the window for fresh air. Tim was ecstatic to see Becky there again. He anxiously awaited what would happen next.
Sadie and Becky sat on the bed talking for about 15 minutes. Then, Sadie leaned in and kissed Becky. They kissed for a few minutes on the bed. Sadie broke the kiss and they both got undressed, stripping completely naked. They kissed some more and eventually got in a 69 position. As they licked each other's pussies, Tim started jerking off.
Tim wasn't sure if Sadie was purposely putting on this show for his benefit. He didn't care. He was so excited he came a few minutes later. He continued watching the girls until they made each other cum. Eventually, Sadie got up and went to the window. She stood naked in the window for a brief pause, shut the window, then drew the drapes shut and turned off the lights.
The following Saturday, Sadie's parents threw a party at their house. Tim's parents were invited, and they drug Tim along with them. There were about 30 people at the party, but all of them were Tim and Sadie's parents' age. There weren't any younger people around other than Sadie and Tim.
Both Tim and Sadie were quite bored. Sadie asked Tim, "You want a beer?"
Tim replied, "Sure."
They walked in the kitchen and Sadie grabbed two beers from the refrigerator. She commented, "Let's go up to my room so your parents don't see. I don't want to get you in trouble." They slipped upstairs and went in Sadie's room. After they entered, Sadie said, "Close the door." Tim closed the door as Sadie handed him a beer. Sadie said, "You don't mind if I get more comfortable, do you?"
Tim answered, "No, go ahead."
Sadie pulled her dress off over her head and tossed it aside. Underneath her dress she had on a pair of small, black satin thong panties and a matching bra. She climbed on the bed and sat leaning against the headboard. She told Tim, "You can sit on the bed if you want." Tim sat down on the corner of the bed and tried his hardest not to stare at Sadie's gorgeous body. They drank their beers and talked for a few minutes.
Then Sadie said to Tim, "Show me your cock?"
Tim was caught off guard and replied, "What?"
Sadie continued, "Come on. You've seen me naked, now it's my turn. Don't be shy. I want to see your cock." Sadie slipped her hands in her panties and started playing with her pussy.
Tim stood up and undid his pants. He pushed them down along with his underwear as his semi-erect cock sprung loose. Sadie commented, "You have a really nice cock." After a pause, Sadie continued, "Show me how you jerked off when you watched me and Becky the other night?"
Tim objected, "I didn't."
Sadie responded, "Don't lie Tim. I know you did. It's ok. Actually, I was hoping you did. Come on. Show me." Sadie continued playing with her pussy with her hand in her panties. Tim hesitated for a second, then proceeded to start jerking off as he stood at the foot of the bed. Tim's cock quickly got hard. Sadie commented, "That's hot. I don't know why, but I really love seeing a guy jerk off." Tim continued stroking his rock hard cock as Sadie played with her pussy.
After several minutes, Sadie pulled her hand from her panties and said, "We better get back to the party before anyone starts to wonder where we got off to. No pun intended of course." Sadie giggled as she retrieved her dress and put it back on. Frustrated, Tim pulled up his pants and carefully tucked his hard cock inside as he zipped up.
The next evening around her normal bedtime, Sadie's drapes were open. She was on her bed naked and masturbating with the lights on. After a few minutes she sent a text to Tim saying, "I'm thinking about you watching me." A minute later she sent another saying, "I'm imagining you standing at the foot of my bed stroking your big hard cock. Are you jerking off to me?"
Tim texted back, "Yes."
Sadie replied, "Text me and tell me the second you cum."
Sadie continued masturbating as Tim watched her and jerked off. She was writhing in pleasure and feverishly rubbing her clit. Five minutes later Sadie heard her phone 'bing'. She looked down and saw Tim's text saying, "I came." Sadie instantly spasmed into orgasm.
When her convulsions stopped, Sadie texted Tim, "We practically came together. Thank you. Sleep well." Sadie got up and went to the window. She stood naked in the window for an extra-long pause, then closed the drapes and turned off the lights.
A few days later, after dinner, Tim received a text from Sadie. She asked, "Can you come over?"
Tim looked out the window to see if he could see Sadie. Her lights were on, but her drapes were closed. He replied, "Yes."
Sadie responded, "Parents are at dinner. Door is unlocked. I'm in my room." Tim excitedly rushed over to Sadie's house and let himself in the door. Sadie's bedroom door was shut so he gently knocked on it. Sadie said, "Come in."
When Tim opened the door, he was surprised to see that Becky was there with Sadie. Tim's jaw practically dropped when he saw that both Becky and Sadie were sitting on the bed topless with nothing on other than their panties. Sadie said, "Don't be shy Tim. Come in." Tim entered the room and Sadie said, "Shut the door." Tim did as she asked.
Sadie said, "Tim, this is Becky. Becks, this is Tim." Becky got up from the bed and went and shook Tim's hand.
Becky said, "It's nice to meet you." She asked Sadie, "Is this your neighbor you were telling me about?" Tim became flush not knowing what Sadie had told Becky.
Sadie replied, "Yup. This is naughty little Timmy. Well, I happen to know he is not little at all. Quite the opposite. But he is naughty. He spied on us from his room the other night when we were together."
As Becky stood next to Tim she said, "Really? You watched us? Tim, you ARE a naughty little boy. Did you like what you saw?" Tim didn't know what to say so he nodded his head yes. Becky remarked, "That's a little kinky. I like it."
Sadie added, "Tim said he thought you were really attractive."
Becky asked, "Is that true?"
Tim didn't respond so Sadie remarked, "Go ahead, tell her Tim."
Tim sheepishly said, "I told her I thought you were hot."
Becky remarked, "Well aren't you sweet. Thank you."
Sadie said, "Do you want to touch her Tim?" Tim nodded his head yes. Sadie continued, "Just ask her. She won't bite. Well, unless you ask her to."
Tim asked Becky, "Can I touch you?"
Becky replied, "Where would you like to touch me Tim?"
Tim answered, "Your breasts."
Becky responded, "Yes you may Tim." Tim reached out and began fondling Becky's tits. Becky commented, "Mmmm. That feels nice."
Sadie said, "If you want to kiss her, just ask."
Tim asked Becky, "Can I kiss you?"
Becky answered, "Of course. I'd like that." Becky put her arms around Tim's neck, and they kissed.
After a few minutes, Sadie called out, "Becks, Tim's never touched a girl, you know, down there."
Becky broke their kiss and responded, "Really? Well that is a shame for sure. Tim, you can put your hand in my panties if you like. I'd love to be your first." Tim looked down at Becky's panty clad pussy. He slowly reached his hand out. Becky gently took his hand and guided it down to her panties. Tim slid his hand inside her panties and felt Becky's warm, wet pussy lips.
He slipped a finger inside Becky's pussy and she commented, "Oh that feels magical. Keep going." As Tim fingered her pussy, Becky placed her hand on Tim's cheek and guided his gaze back to her face. They resumed kissing as Tim fingered her.
Sadie could tell that Becky and Tim were starting to get worked up. Sadie said, "Ok you two. You better cool it before things get out of hand. My parents will be home any minute. Tim, you'd better head home before they get here. I don't think they would like it much if they found you in the house with their near-naked daughter and her friend."
Tim and Becky broke their kiss and Tim pulled his hand from Becky's panties. Becky said, "Bye Tim. It was a pleasure to meet you. Literally. I hope I will see you again soon." Tim said goodbye and returned to his room in his house. He sat in his dark room and looked out the window at Sadie's closed drapes. He was disappointed to see that they never opened. Eventually Sadie's light went out. Tim jerked off and then went to sleep.
The following Friday, Sadie went over to Tim's house early in the evening. She knocked on the door. When Tim opened the door she said, "Hi. Can I come in?"
Tim said, "Of course," and let Sadie in.
They sat down on the couch in the family room. Sadie asked, "What are you up to?"
Tim replied, "Just watching TV."
Said asked, "Where are your parents?"
Tim answered, "They went to the beach today, then out to dinner down there."
Sadie inquired, "When are they coming back?"
Tim replied, "Late they said."
Sadie asked, "You want to fuck me?"
Tim remarked, "Huh?" not believing he heard her correctly.
Sadie said, "I want to be your first. Do you want me?"
Tim replied, "Yes, of course."
Sadie remarked, "Then take me up to your bedroom." Sadie put out her hand and Tim took hold of it. He led her up to his bedroom and shut the door. Sadie started undressing so Tim did the same. Once they were both naked, they started kissing. They moved to the bed and Tim laid on top of Sadie. Tim reached down and started fingering Sadie's pussy. She was instantly wet.
After a few minutes Sadie said, "I'm ready."
Tim asked, "Do you want me to get a condom?"
Sadie replied, "No, not your first time. But don't cum inside me, I'm not on the pill right now, ok?"
Tim nodded yes as he positioned his cock above Sadie's warm box. Sadie reached out and guided Tim's thick cock in her wet pussy. Tim pushed forward driving his stiff shaft deep in Sadie's cunt. Tim remarked, "Oh my god, that feels amazing."
Sadie replied, "You feel good too. Your big cock is stretching my little pussy. Go slow."
Tim slowly fucked his cock back and forth in Sadie's pussy. After a minute or two Sadie said, "Ok, you can go a little faster now." Tim increased his tempo. Sadie remarked, "Yes, like that. That feels good."
Tim continued fucking Sadie at a moderate pace. After a few minutes Tim started grunting and groaning. Sadie looked up at him and asked, "Are you going to cum?" Tim nodded his head yes. Sadie said, "Go ahead. Cum. But not inside me."
Tim pumped his cock in Sadie two more times. He pulled his stiff dick from her slick pussy and exploded. Tim's first blast of cum shot up Sadie's ribcage almost to her tits. The second barrage landed on her flat stomach. Tim proceeded to spew four more full volleys of cum on Sadie's stomach. When he was done, Sadie had a very large pool of cum covering most of her stomach.
Tim climbed off the bed and retrieved a towel from the bathroom. He wiped the cum from Sadie's stomach. Tim remarked, "That was amazing."
Sadie commented, "You did good your first time."
Tim awkwardly asked, "Did you, uh... cum."
Sadie responded, "No, not yet."
Tim said, "Sorry."
Sadie remarked, "It's ok. You want to try eating my pussy?"
Tim replied, "Definitely." Tim moved his head between Sadie's thighs and started licking her pussy.
After a few minutes Sadie said, "Now lick and suck on my clit." Tim did as she instructed. Sadie continued, "Oh that feels good. Right there. Just like that." A few minutes later Sadie said, "Now use your fingers too." Tim slid his finger in and out of Sadie's pussy as he continued licking her clit.
Tim continued for a few minutes and Sadie started moaning. She called out, "That's it. Right there. Oh fuck yes. Right there. Just like that. Don't stop. Don't stop." Soon, Sadie arched her back and spasmed into orgasm. She twitched and convulsed as Tim kept licking away at her pussy. Eventually, Sadie forcefully pushed Tim's forehead from her pussy as she said, "Stop. Stop. That's enough."
Tim raised from Sadie's crotch and said, "Oh, sorry."
Sadie responded, "No, no, it's ok. My pussy gets super sensitive after I cum. I couldn't take any more. I just need a rest." They rested on the bed for a while and then resumed fucking. They went on for almost two hours.
As they were lying in bed recovering, Sadie asked, "Do you want to sleep with my friend Becky?" Tim didn't know how to answer the question. He wondered if it was a trick question. Sadie continued, "I told her you were a virgin and she also wanted to be your first. I told her no, I was going to be, but she could be your second. You can fuck her too if you want. But only if we do it together. I'd probably get a little jealous otherwise."
Sadie and Tim continued having sex almost every day for the next two weeks. One night when they were lying in bed, Sadie said, "Becky is coming over Friday night to spend the weekend if you want to join us since our parents will be out of town all weekend."
Tim asked, "You mean, like, have a threesome?"
Sadie replied, "Yes. I said you could fuck her if you wanted. Did you think I was kidding?"
Tim replied, "I wasn't sure if you were serious."
Sadie said, "So, you are coming over, right?"
Tim answered, "Definitely."
Friday evening Sadie texted Tim, "She's on her way." Tim rushed over to Sadie's house and was there within a minute. Sadie commented, "That was quick. She's not here yet, but I see someone is an eager beaver."
Tim fumbled for words and said, "Well, uh..."
Sadie cut him off and said, "Relax. I was just messing with you. She will be here any minute. I'm going to warn you about Becky. She has a little more direct and aggressive personality than me. She is still really sweet and fun though."
When Becky arrived and entered the house, she exclaimed, "Oh good. Tim, I'm so glad you are here. So glad Sadie and I have a cock to play with this weekend."
Sadie commented, "Nice Becks, you are always so classy."
Becky remarked, "Oh hush Sadie. I'm really horny. I can't wait to have sex. It's been way too long."
Sadie said, "Calm down tigress. There's no rush. We have all weekend."
Becky remarked, "Oh my god. Sex all weekend. That sounds amazing. No point in wasting any time, let's go up to your room."
Sadie commented, "Tim, did you bring condoms? You may want to use one with Becky. As you can see, she's a bit of a slut."
Becky barked back, "Sadie, you are such a cunt. Tim, don't listen to her. I've been tested recently, which is more than Sadie can probably say."
Sadie replied, "Maybe that's because you have more of a reason to need to be tested."
Becky remarked, "Touché. Tim, you don't have to use a condom with me if you don't want to. I'm clean." Becky looked at Sadie and suggestively said, "And I'm on the pill, so you can finish wherever you want with ME."
Sadie added, "I'm on the pill now too, thank you very much."
Becky said, "Oh, single and on the pill. So, there's more than one slut in the room I see." They all laughed. Becky continued, "Enough chit chat. I'm horny. Let's get naked and fuck."
They headed up to Sadie's room as Sadie said to Tim, "I did warn you about her."
Becky quickly shed her clothes and was the first to get naked. Sadie and Tim undressed as Becky asked, "Tim, has Sadie given you a nice sloppy blowjob yet?" Tim nodded his head yes. Becky remarked, "Damn. I wanted to be your first. Oh well. But I bet I give better blowjobs than she does." After a pause Becky said, "Come on Sadie, let's have a contest. Whomever loses has to cook dinner tonight."
Sadie remarked, "Becks, you can't cook." They all laughed.
Becky responded, "Ok, loser has to ORDER dinner. But I'm not going to lose. Tim, you have to be honest. No playing favorites."
The girls got down on their knees in front of Tim and took turns sucking his cock. They each deep throated his large cock and sucked passionately away on his member. After ten minutes, Becky ended her turn and released Tim's cock from her mouth. She asked, "Ok Tim. Who's better? Me or Sadie? Be honest."
Tim thought for a second. Becky was a much better cocksucker, but he didn't want to say it. He eventually replied, "It was a tie. You both are amazing."
Becky responded, "Bull. You are such a liar. But that was a pretty smart answer. I'll give you points for that." Becky jumped on the bed and laid on her back. She spread her legs and said, "Now show me what you can do with that big cock of yours." Tim moved into position and Becky guided his hard cock into her pussy. As he slid it in Becky's tight pussy, Sadie climbed on the bed and laid near Becky. Sadie started masturbating as Tim started fucking Becky's pussy.
Becky remarked, "Oh my god. You weren't kidding Sadie. His cock feels incredible."
Tim looked over at Sadie and she commented, "Sorry, we girls talk about everything."
Tim continued fucking Becky. After five minutes Sadie said, "Hey Tim, remember me? I could use some attention over here too." Tim withdrew from Becky and moved over to Sadie. He lowered his cock to her awaiting pussy and drove his rod deep inside her warm cunt.
Tim continued fucking Sadie for a while. Becky got on her hands and knees and said, "I think it's my turn please." Tim slid out of Sadie and positioned himself behind Becky. He thrust his cock in Becky's wet slit with force and she gasped. Tim began slow, but forceful thrusts of his cock deep inside Becky's cunt. Becky remarked, "Oh fuck yes. I like it hard. Give it to me." Tim continued thrusting into Becky. She let out a comment with each thrust saying, "Oh yes. Yes. Fuck me. Fuck me."
Sadie slid in front of Becky and said, "Enough chit chat Becks, your mouth has work to do on my little pussy." Becky lowered her mouth to Sadie's pussy. She began licking away at Sadie's clit while Tim continued fucking her hard from behind.
About ten minutes later Sadie remarked, "Tim, it's my turn." Tim withdrew his cock from Becky's cunt. Becky moved aside and Ben moved forward on his knees. He grabbed Sadie's legs and put her calves on his shoulders. Tim slid his hard cock back in Sadie's box and resumed fucking her with her ass lifted in the air.
Becky crawled over and straddled Sadie's face. She lowered her pussy to Sadie's mouth. Sadie began lapping away at Becky's pussy. As Tim fucked Sadie harder and faster, Becky pulled Sadie's face deeper into her crotch. Sadie slurped away at Becky's pussy. Sadie began moaning, with her cries muffled from her face in Becky's pussy. Sadie soon erupted into orgasm. She pulled back from Becky's pussy and cried out, "Oh my god I'm cumming. I'm cumming."
As Sadie's orgasm subsided, Becky said to Tim, "Sadie came. She's good. My turn now." Tim pulled out of Sadie and climbed on top of Becky. He resumed fucking her missionary style. Becky commented, "That's it. Fuck me Tim. Fuck me. Fuck my pussy." She continued, "Faster. Yes. Harder. Oh, I like that." Tim rapidly fucked away at Becky's box.
Sadie watched as she relaxed against the headboard. She commented, "Fuck her Tim. Give it to her." Tim fucked Becky even faster and harder. Sadie added, "That's it, Tim. Fuck her hard. She likes it rough." A few moments later she continued, "Fuck her Tim. Give her all you got. Ram your cock in her pussy."
Tim fucked Becky as hard as he could. Soon Becky called out, "Oh shit. Shit yes Tim. Fuck me Tim. Oh my god." Then Becky started screaming, "Oh shit. Oh shit. I'm gonna cum. Oh shit I'm gonna cum. I'm... FUCKKKK! FUUUUUUCKKKKKK!" Becky exploded, cumming all over Tim's cock as he continued fucking her. Thirty seconds later Becky started screaming again, "FUCK. FUCK. I'M CUMMING AGAIN!" Becky convulsed with another orgasm as Tim continued fucking her.
As Becky's orgasm subsided, Tim slowed his pace and paused with his cock buried deep inside Becky. Sadie said, "Tim, I forgot to warn you, Becks can be a real screamer. But, the lucky little slut is multi-orgasmic, so go ahead and keep fucking her till you cum."
Tim resumed fucking his cock in Becky's slick cunt. After a bit, Tim started moaning. Sadie remarked, "Get ready Becks. He's gonna cum soon."
As Tim fucked her, he looked down at Becky and asked, "Where do you want me to cum?"
Becky replied, "Wherever you want baby."
Sadie called out, "Cum all over her face Tim."
Tim looked back down at Becky with an inquisitive look. Becky said, "Wherever you want." Tim fucked away at Becky's pussy a few more seconds and then quickly withdrew. He quickly climbed to his knees straddling Beck's midsection. As he worked his way toward her face, Tim exploded before he got there. His first blast landed short of Becky's face, dribbling over her throat. He continued moving closer to her face with the second blast landing across Becky's lips. The third volley landed on her nose. Tim continued spewing barrages of his sticky cum at Becky's face. By the time he was finished, he had covered Becky's face with six or seven streams of thick, white cum.
Becky exclaimed, "Oh my god! That's a lot of cum."
Sadie commented, "Oh, did I forget to tell you? Tim's quite the cummer. Maybe I should have mentioned that before you told him he could cum anywhere?"
Becky said, "Sadie, you're such a wench. Since this was your idea, how about you come over here and lick it up?"
Sadie replied, "Gladly. You know how much I love cum." Sadie went over to Becky and began licking the cum from her face. Sadie slurped most of it in her mouth, then she let it slowly dribble down to Becky's open mouth. Becky pooled most of the cum on her tongue and in her mouth. She leaned up and started French kissing Sadie. They swapped Tim's cum back and forth as they kissed. A few minutes later, they broke the kiss, and each swallowed the cum in their mouth.
Becky remarked, "God I love a big cummy kiss."
Sadie added, "Me too."
Tim chimed in, "You girls are so hot."
Sadie remarked, "Just wait Tim. The weekend has barely started. We haven't even gotten the toys or restraints out yet." The girls both giggled. The trio continued their fuck session for a couple hours before taking a break for dinner. After dinner, they fucked again, each cumming once before all falling asleep in the same bed.
At four a.m., Sadie was awakened with the bed shaking and noises of two bodies slapping together. She barely cracked one eye open to see that Tim was fucking Becky lying next to her. Sadie inquired, "Are you two going at it again? I'm trying to sleep." Sadie tried to go back to sleep but couldn't with the shaking and the noise. After a few minutes Sadie said, "Well, now I'm awake so might as well join in. Tim, it's my turn." Tim switched places and fucked Sadie for a while. The girls continued switching off until each of them had come. After Tim came, they all fell back asleep.
The trio continued fucking on and off all the next day, late into the evening, and half of the day on Sunday. They tried many different positions and arrangements, resulting in countless orgasms among them. The girls used toys on each other as well as engaging in some light bondage. At the end of the weekend, the girls were sore and could barely walk. Although Tim had yet to graduate from high school, by the end of the weekend he had received an advanced degree in sexual education from Sadie and Becky.
