"I understand Roman. I forgot about Football practice too. I could come...out to the football field and watch." Josie McKellen smiled knowing most of the faculty and students had gone home. With her kids out of the way thanks to a ride from Kelly Herbert, she pretty much had free reign to prowl as she pleased. The only real exception was Piper's detainees up on the third floor above her classroom. What a fiasco that was! Piper was never going to live that one down.
"You can do that if you want. Just don't distract the boys. Bad enough they got the hots for you as it is." Roman growled.
"Are you afraid they'll carry me to the end zone?"
"Pretty much." He chuckled, "Get what you have to do done and come on out. You changing dresses? I know you said you brought a less revealing number."
"Would you be upset with me if I stayed in my comfy chemise?"
"Nope! There's a breeze though. Might wanna keep your skirt from blowing."
"Roman! What have we talked about?"
"More than I remember. What?"
"Push my limits Mister Crandell. I don't mind teasing. Just don't treat me all clingy. Promise?"
"I'll work on that. Course we both know that dress isn't clingy." He had to laugh. "Like I said don't distract my boys. I need these dickheads to focus on Marquette."
"Understood. No promises. I'll take my time getting outside just for you." She meant for her basketball boy toys practicing in the gym. After yesterday and this morning she needed more of their mischief. "See you soon Lover." She hung up and bit her lower lip. "I hope Sable isn't too upset with me. I really do need to spend more time with the girls. Boys for now though." She giggled, "God I'm soooo wet just thinking about this." So wet her seat was pooling up. Definitely not from sweat.
********
Epicenter Court, the McKellen home...
"Was that Tina Wiles?" Sable McKellen looked out the window of Kelly Herbert's Kia Soul to see a white Camry leaving Hooters Crossing just as they turned into the housing division. Shrugging her sister Dakota didn't really notice, her mind was a million miles away. Not even Travis had seen the car, he was too busy staring at Sable. Kelly not knowing Tina had no clue. "I wonder what she was doing out here?"
"I have a hunch." Dakota finally entered the conversation. "She was staring hard at Mace during cheerleading practice last night. She might be stalking him."
"True. I hope he's smarter than that. Tina is trouble."
"Who isn't these days?"
"Are you okay?" Sable winced at her sister, "One minute you're smiling, the next you look ready to cry."
"Just not feeling so hot."
"Embarrassed about what Corey and those assholes did to you?"
"What did they do?" Travis chimed in, his ears were on fire.
"Nothing Travis." Dakota scowled at Sable for even bringing it up.
"She was strip searched." Sable snorted.
"Do you ever keep quiet? How can we be related? For the record I was not strip searched. I was...just stripped I guess." She withheld the search part from her sister seeing as she hadn't heard the rumor of Angus and Robin yet. She would deal with that shame tomorrow. No way that secret could be kept long. Everyone loved to brag about the jocks and the hot cheerleaders. She would most likely be the butt of their jokes, or have her own video go viral like the one of Travis and Sable. She was sick to her stomach. Not completely due to what they did to her, but that she liked it until Robin joined. Angus was a really good kisser, at least in her mind, she had never been kissed before him, so her experience was bliss. Having her chest sucked on was another first, it gave her goosebumps that were still evident. Even her nipples were still lively in thinking about it. "Why did Robin do that?"
Pulling up to the McKellen house Kelly looked over as the girls unbuckled. Outside sitting on the front steps was Henry talking on his phone. Seeing her pull up he cut his conversation short and took a stroll down the sidewalk to Kelly's SUV. As the twins climbed out Dakota reacted to her Father instantly running into his arms and hugging his waist tightly. Sable instead walked around the car and went to Travis leaning out his window acting as if he was waiting on a kiss. Sable smirked and palmed his face pushing him back inside. Kelly grinned at their playful hijinks, as well as how much love Henry seemed to have for his girls.
"Can I talk to you Daddy?" Dakota pouted.
"Sure. Go on in, I'll be there shortly." He kissed her forehead and sent her on her way. From there Henry stepped behind Sable planting his hands on her shoulders. "I'm done working for the day, you can invite Travis in if he wants."
"YESSSSSSS!" Travis unhooked his seatbelt then hopped out of the car. Sable seeing his excitement pulled away from her Father and ran toward the house squealing, "Why did you do that Daddy?" He knew she was beet red and found it funny. Once the kids were gone Henry opened Kelly's car door and got in. Having to adjust the seat, him being taller he growled, "Damn short people."
"Hello Sir."
"Drive to your house."
"What about Dakota? She seemed upset."
"Questioning me?"
"No Sir."
"Drive."
"As you wish." She put the Kia into drive and drove around the block to her own street and pulled into her driveway, shutting the car off.
"Invite me in."
"Would you like to come inside?"
"You know I do." He winks.
"I would be honored Sir." As Henry steps out she follows and locks her vehicle. Going to the front door she wiggles her keys for a quick entrance. Following her in Henry watched her tight little ass in her white shorts, no panties, as she led him into her domain. Stopping to turn she begins to kneel in front of him when he clears his throat halting her. Pulling her upright by her biceps he walked her back against the wall of her hallway. Pressed there he puts his forehead against hers.
"I met with Dominic today."
"Did it go well?" He took his right hand and circled the left side of her neckline.
"My hand goes here just like this, Dom's hand takes up the other half. He understood me better than I thought. You're now co-owned. He owns you 100%, I own you 50%. Not 50/50. I know it sounds crazy but I can't overpower his authority but he has given me power over you unless he overrides it."
"This makes me very happy Sir. I will serve you well. Shall I undress for you?"
"Not this time. Soon though. I have this serious need to make love to you. Not just some hardcore fuck. From me you get passion, from Dom you get the rough stuff. Happy medium."
"You make my heart flutter Sir."
"Good!" He kisses her warmly on the lips and maintains his half of her collar, his thumb lifting her chin to meet his kiss. She melted in his possession. "It's all about balance." He says as their lips gravitate barely touching. "I call you come to me. I arrive you greet me with love."
"Travis?" She worried.
"He's bound to stay in school longer than a few days. I'll keep you company when I'm not working. This house can't be your prison. Live Kelly."
"For you Sir." One more three minute kiss he pulls away and walks out. She lingered there against the wall until he closed the door. Pondering it all she grew excited and danced about her living room. She had the best of both worlds.
********
On his walk back Henry found his cell ringing and looked at the caller. Answering it he chuckled, "Bet you heard what happened."
"WHAT THE FUCK HENRY?" Tessa Harper busted up laughing on the other end, "You stole my bitch."
"She's still yours. I just had some fun with Svetty."
"Bullshit! She keeps telling me you're God."
"Quit making shit up." He rounded the first corner of the block listening to his co-worker brag over how Svetty was acting.
"I'm not making anything up. She really thinks you own her. What did you do?"
"Put on an Oscar winning performance I suppose. I didn't get to finish telling you earlier today about my ideas for Frisque. I want to add a storyline about BDSM. I'm exploring it to try and be authentic. Matter of fact I now own Kelly Herbert...well, co-own her anyway."
"Barely remember her, I was babysitting your daughters while you guys pissed on that freak who stole Sable's bikini. How did you manage that?"
"Struck a deal with her actual Master. My side of the ownership is more passion. His is the rough stuff. In my mind she deserves to be happy not just degraded. I'm trying for balance. I'm the better half of her collar. Dom is the not so better half."
"You're getting weird Henry. Loving it!" She laughed. "Maybe Svetty's right you are God. Can I pray to you too?"
"Prey on my cock."
"Bring it over."
"How about tomorrow morning? I'll take the girls to school and drop by. Shoot me a text with your address. Tell Svetty to be on her knees when I get there. You can join her if you want to."
"Gotta be bossier than that Henry."
"OBEY YOU STUPID FUCKING CUNT." He rallied his best authoritative growl.
"Mmmm! That's better, so I can be the other half of you and Svetty." She giggled.
"I'm almost home, Dakota was acting kind of funny when she got home from school, said she needed to talk to me."
"She wants you Daddy."
"Will you stop it, Dakota does not want me."
"You'll see. Don't be mean to her she's still young and naïve. If you have to let her down be gentle."
"I'm not dumb. See you tomorrow. Oh, which shirt tomorrow? Star Wars or Star Trek?"
"Battlestar Galactica. Have a good night...Master."
Hanging up he received her address before he even made it in his front door. Stepping in unexpectedly he found Sable and Travis sitting on the sofa watching TV. Travis sat up straight and smiled, "You took off with my mom. Everything cool Mr. McKellen?"
"Yeah, I just wanted to talk to her about you two."
"Us Daddy?' Sable rose from her slouch.
"Yeah, I was thinking maybe with all of your birthdays so close to one another we should just celebrate together. Pool party at Piper's maybe." It was a good bluff that actually sounded right. He would run it by Josie and Kelly, then Piper.
"That would be so dope." Travis looked with awe. "Last time I had a real birthday was when my dad was alive."
"Big day for all of you. I think you deserve it. Let me work my magic." He looked around, "Where's Kota?"
"In her bedroom. She had a rough day at school."
"Worse than what happened to you two?"
"You saw the video didn't you?" Sable pouted.
"Uhhh? Yeah...you know what? You two should have a whole couch between you."
"DAAAAAAAAADDDDDY!" Sable stomped her foot pouting as Travis busted up.
"Don't laugh I'm serious. After that backyard incident with you two over at his house I should put even more distance between you." He offered a strict look then winked, "You can hold her hand. Nothing more though. I'll be watching."
"Yes Sir!" Travis spoke with respect.
"Hearing Sir from Travis kind of ruins how it sounds from his mom." He grimaced in thought, "Mr. McKellen is fine."
"Can I call you Dad?"
"Don't push it Herbert."
Everyone laughed as Henry headed upstairs. The second he was out of sight Travis had his hand on her leg. She couldn't stop trembling, what he didn't know was Sable had taken off her panties when she went to the bathroom. She was just waiting to see if he would notice.
Upstairs Henry went to Dakota's bedroom door and heard sniffling. Knocking gently on an already ajar door it fanned open ever so slowly. Dakota was on her bed hiding her face in a pillow. She hadn't even changed out of her dress, in her outstretched form her butt cheeks were peeking out vividly. Stepping to her bed he noticed no panties, all clam. Gritting his teeth he sat down next to her and placed a palm on the small of her back. His light touch alone made her hips rise to greet him.
"Are you crying?"
"Yes."
"Heard you had a bad day. Sorry I took so long I had a talk with Kelly about combining your birthdays with Travis' he being two weeks after you girls."
"It's okay. I needed a minute to myself."
"Scoot over punkie." She shifted her weight and moved enough for him to lay down next to her. Pulling her to his side she cuddled with him, her left hand laying on his lower abs. He didn't think anything of it until he noticed her knee rubbing along his leg. "Talk to me."
"Do you remember Corey Samson?"
"Vaguely, football player right?"
"Yes. I should have listened to you about buttoning my shirts and dresses up. He and some boys were goofing off and pulled the back of my dress. I had so many buttons undone my boobies fell out. I was sooo embarrassed."
"Awww hell! Did you tell Carl Manley?"
"No."
"Your mom?"
"She doesn't have time for me like you do Daddy." She looked up at him with puppy dog eyes. He melted instantly.
"Piper?"
"She rescued me. Sable and Tawny did too. I wasn't sure if I should tell you, I thought you might say it's my own fault, that I asked for it."
"Did you?" He sneered.
"A little. Daddy I want to be noticed. Boys are paying more attention to me now. Even Angus Furlong."
"The guy who asked you out but already had a girlfriend?"
"Yes. They broke up." She fidgets, "At least I think they did. Daddy? Angus kissed me."
"Oh yeah? First kiss?"
"Yes. I felt silly not knowing how to even kiss a boy."
"I'm sure he didn't think you were a bad kisser."
"I do though. I'm scared Daddy. I liked it but I'm afraid I'm not good enough." She was bluffing hard, she was confident her kiss was well received. Her Father didn't need to see her confidence, she wanted to lure him in. "Daddy? I know it's not right but, can you show me how to kiss a boy properly?"
"You've kissed me a million times before going to bed."
"Not that kind of kiss Daddy, a true kiss."
"Uhhh? I don't know Kota that's asking a lot. I..."
"Please Daddy?" She pouted and rubbed his abdomen slightly lower than it was resting moments prior. Between her perfume, touch, beautiful eyes, and plea he was getting aroused. Knowing she wasn't wearing panties only made it more difficult. Dress unbuttoned mid drift exposing flesh he was already stressed.
"Am I missing something here Punkie?"
"What do you mean?"
"It just seems like here lately you've been trying to show me more and more skin. I've seen it all now. Are you doing this on purpose?"
"I trust you Daddy. Seeing me nakie doesn't bother me. I know I'm safe with you. Should I...not..."
"You do what you want Punkie. I'm not telling you to stop. Just...don't get too..."
"Too what?"
"Nothing. Be yourself. Okay listen...I'll show you how to kiss a boy properly but let's close your door in case Sable comes up, or God forbid your Mother comes home earlier than predicted."
"I'll go shut it." She hops up heart racing and wiggles to her door shutting it and going so far as to lock it. Turning back she unbuttoned her dress all the way down until it fanned wide open.
"Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What are you doing?"
"Getting comfortable. You said to be myself. I told you I trusted you Daddy."
"I am not going to kiss you while you're naked."
"You don't have to I understand. Angus reacted the same way, like he was...repulsed."
"That bastard." He frowned as she feigned another sob. He wasn't sure if it was real tears or just an act but he sat up and patted his knee. "Come here Punkie." She kept her dress on but sat on his knee and let him hug her tightly too him. More tears fell and she actually trembled.
"I want Angus to want me Daddy. How do I make him do that?"
"Want you? Are you thinking about losing your virginity?"
"I hope so." She looks directly into his eyes, "I...just want to know how to kiss then what else to do when the time is right."
"Uhhh! You're not asking me to show you everything are you?"
"Not everything...just the important stuff. How to touch a man. How to make him...happy."
"Okay listen...a kiss is one thing. I'm not showing you what to do outside of that."
"I can go ask Mace. I trust him."
"YOU ARE NOT GOING TO HAVE MACE SHOW YOU HOW TO TREAT A GUY." Henry rolled his eyes knowing Josie had let Mace see her naked a couple different times. That, and he just had some girl over earlier while Piper was at work. He even heard the girl's cries of ecstasy echoing between homes. "ABSOLUTELY NOT!"
"I'm out of options Daddy." She was playing him like a fiddle. "I'm not asking Travis. I guess I could ask Knox Hardecker."
"Now I know you're full of shit. After what he did to Sable?"
"Oh yeah! Scratch him off the list. I just know he likes me."
"I forbid you ever date that little prick."
"I don't want to date him Daddy. I just want someone to show me what I need to do."
"This is just plain dumb." He snarls then yanks her in for a liplock catching her off guard. Without pausing he melded in to her lips like hot wax spilling. She reacted with a moan right out of the gate. Caressing his cheek he froze and pulled away making her pout.
"That was how Angus acted."
"Punkie...I just panicked some. You caressing my cheek like that...the moan."
"Was wrong? Where should I put my hands?"
"Oh Jesus! I can't do this right now. Listen, do not ask anyone else just let me figure out how best to Coach you and not feel as if I'm..."
"Liking it?" She whispered.
"Yeah! I need to make dinner. You get yourself together and we'll discuss this more tomorrow night."
"I love you Daddy. Thank you for the help."
Rubbing her bare leg briskly he stared into her eyes as she refused to blink. Swallowing dryly he stuttered, "Just let me relax some."
"I can give you a back massage. Sable and I used to rub your shoulders all the time. We even walked on your back."
"That actually sounds nice."
"Good! You can show me how a guy likes a massage too."
"Angus is gonna be one lucky guy."
"Only if I'm really good at things. Practice makes perfect, right Daddy?"
"Yeaaaah!" He cleared his throat. Easing her up he stood in front of her then realized his sweatpants were sticking straight out. Dakota ignored it trying to act as if she were naïve. "Hot dogs with mac & cheese?"
"Plumper's. I love the thick dogs."
"See you downstairs." He had to go or bust a nut. "Soooo wrong. Damn you Battlestar Gal." Tessa Harper was right on the money.
Lingering in the hallway to relax his nerves Henry put his right hand down the front of his sweats to drag his cock into a less inconspicuous state before going downstairs and letting Sable and Travis catch a glimpse and wonder why he was blessed at this time of day. Especially after just talking with Dakota. Sadly, his plan backfired Sable stood at the bottom of the stairs peering up with her jaw wide open seeing him with his hand gone missing. Removing it quickly didn't assist him his erection flipped back down and stood out like a very huge sore thumb.
Regardless, Sable came running up the stairs and hugged him none the worse except from the side. "Love you Daddy." She then acted as if she had to suck in her gut to step around him. Watching her opening her bedroom door at the end of the hall she dropped a hair clip and bent over to pick it up. It was then he realized that even Sable was going commando. She didn't even look back to notice he saw her tight little snatch peeking out from under her skirt. Once in her room she came back with a DVD to find him still standing there lost in thought. Eyes bulging at his still enormous tent she slid in front of him cautiously and showed him the DVD. "We're gonna watch Beauty and the Beast." His beast was growling at her goofy intent.
"Good choice. Nothing like dancing candle sticks."
Her eyes lit up at his comment then looked down at his tent before blushing. "Bye Daddy." She shot off like a light. All this unexpected tension he too was ready to fire off warning shots.
"Dear God! Why me? Cease fire already Soldier." Sable used to be the better half of the twins. Now he was beginning to wonder. He had to go put on some underwear and jeans.
The Beast was snarling way too much at Belle...Belle's.
********
Shoes in hand Josie McKellen left her classroom and stepped cautiously into the hall. Dead as a doornail she felt confident enough to just leave her other dress there for tomorrow. Purse over her shoulder she closed shop and started to head for the gymnasium. Three steps forward she heard moaning. A Man's moans.
"Is that Kevin Fowler?" She thought to herself then grew inquisitive. Tiptoeing over to his classroom she peeked around the opened door trying to go unnoticed. She didn't really have much time to waste. He wasn't at his desk so she began to think she was just imagining it. Stepping back she then heard a female moan. "Mimi Alexander?" Eyes lighting up at the possibility she stepped back into the doorway for further moans. Joining forces this time made Josie need a visual. Hugging the threshold she peered out over the classroom of desks to find both Kevin and Mimi masturbating in front of one another.
"Well now!" Josie grinned, talking to herself in thought, "You two are getting chummy."
Both Mimi and Kevin were dressed, Kevin with his slacks down to his hips nurturing a decent sized pecker, Mimi her skirt up to her waist while seated on a small table in the back of the room. Fingers buried knuckle deep Mimi squeaked. Each time she did Kevin jerked harder.
"She sounds so much like a mouse. Too funny. I'm glad she's coming...out of her shell. Clam shell anyway." Josie held her mouth to avoid giggling. "You two have fun. My turn." Abandoning the adorable playmates she reached the stairs when she heard a loud guttural snarl from Kevin.
"Cat's out of the bag." One step down she hears Mimi squeal smiling proudly at her friends. Without another thought she just continued on. Let Tom chase Jeri! By now her boys were probably all sweaty and competitive.
"Lord I hope the basketball players double dribble." She was in such a delicious mood. "The football team can pile on. I don't mind being on the bottom. I'm a good sport."
Yes she was.
Wait until the halftime show.