Simon sat there, twiddling his thumbs and bouncing his knee, not knowing what else to do with the nervous energy that was flowing through him. After all, it wasn't like there was an established code of behaviour for when your wife was on a date with another man--especially when that man was your son's friend.
It had been an hour or so since Anna, his wife, had left the house in a taxi, her clothes and makeup rendering her more beautiful than he could ever remember seeing her. His son's friend Jacob was a lucky guy, that was for sure. And if he played his cards right, he would be able to get a whole lot luckier.
Simon couldn't help but chuckle at the bizarreness of the situation. Had someone told him just a few weeks earlier that his wife would be out on a date without him, he would have laughed in their face. But here they were. He wondered which of the two of them was feeling more nervous at this moment.
All of a sudden, he had an idea. He brought up the maps app on his phone, remembering that he and his wife had once shared their location with each other on holiday. With any luck, it would still be active.
Bingo. A dot representing her location popped up in town. She had wisely chosen not to go somewhere local, where prying eyes might recognise her or her date and wonder what the two of them were doing together. Instead, she was currently inside an Irish pub he had never heard of on the other side of town.
Seeing where she was had the curious effect of calming him down, while also simultaneously setting his mind racing. He cursed himself for not having thought of tracking her earlier. At least from now on he'd be able to see where she was going and imagine what she was up to.
***
Across town, Anna had no need to imagine what was happening to her--she was living it, after all. She had arrived not long ago to find Jacob already inside, exactly as she had instructed him via text.
She was disappointed that he hadn't made much effort in his appearance. He was dressed casually, much the same as he always was. It made her look a little desperate in comparison, considering how glammed up she was. But then again, he was just a kid after all. He probably didn't even own a suit.
After an awkward, nervy hello, he had offered to get her a drink while she found them a table. Having found one, she fidgeted in her seat, tugging self-consciously at her dress. She was simultaneously flattered and somewhat perturbed to notice more than a couple of hungry eyes looking her way.
She asked herself yet again what the hell she was doing. Here she was, a hitherto perfectly respectable wife and mother, out on a date with another man.
For what seemed like the hundredth time, she considered her motivations for agreeing to the date. In some sense it was revenge against Simon for misleading her. But that seemed like pretty weak reasoning when this eventuality was seemingly exactly what he wanted.
Partly it was to placate Jacob, who she saw as a fairly innocent party in all this. Besides, she couldn't deny she was flattered by his interest in her.
Then there were her own reasons. It was true her life up to now had been relatively... unadventurous. The fact that their son would soon be off to university had already made it seem like the perfect opportunity to remedy that by embracing new things. And then, when her husband had dropped the bombshell that he didn't mind her being shown attention by other men, it felt natural to follow the interest up.
What she still couldn't fathom was why her husband had been orchestrating this in the first place. Their marriage had always been happy, at least as far as she was concerned. The only explanation that made sense in her mind was that he wanted an excuse to sleep around himself. If he'd been successful in surreptitiously pushing her into Jacob's arms, he could have manufactured a way of discovering them. Then he would be able to discover her cheating, meaning she wouldn't have a leg to stand on if he said he wanted an open marriage.
She was still pondering all this when Jacob reappeared at the table and placed her drink in front of her before taking a seat himself. For a second they both took long sips, pondering what to say. Anna took the initiative. To break the silence, she launched into some idle chit-chat about his hopes for university and what he planned to do afterwards. She'd always been good at that, as most women have to be.
As she expected, in the cold light of day, unguided by her duplicitous husband, Jacob really wasn't all that attractive to her. They were very different people, at very different stages of their lives, and as a result had very little in common. Inevitably, the conversation, such as it was, turned to the only thing that they did share. A place in Simon's fantasy.
"So," she said. "How... how did you get involved in all this?"
"Oh, um, well it started when I was fixing Simon's laptop and I found some stories."
"Stories?"
"Yeah, stories he was reading about... cuckolding and stuff."
Cuckolding? She had a vague memory of having heard the term before, but no idea what it meant. It sounded vaguely Shakespearean.
"What the hell's a cuckold?"
"Oh, you don't know?"
She shook her head.
"Well I mean I don't know too much about it myself, but it's basically a man whose wife sleeps with other guys."
He read stories about it? That's why her husband had set this whole thing up? This was too much for her to deal with right now.
"Actually, you know what? Let's stop talking about Simon."
They returned to their drinks. It was up to her to break the silence a second time. "I really hope you don't currently have a girlfriend, by the way."
"Oh, haha, no I don't. Not now or ever."
"So you're a virgin, then?" It was an awkward question to ask, but she had to admit she was interested in the answer.
He simply nodded, turning slightly pink in the face. To both of them, this was beginning to feel a bit like a job interview, or perhaps an inquisition. Anna knew Dutch courage was the order of the day. She wasn't that much of a drinker on normal occasions. But this was anything but normal. And it would help both of them loosen up. She sent Jacob to get them another.
***
A few more drinks in and, as she had hoped, their mutual tipsiness was improving things. Despite earlier declaring the topic of her husband off limits, her curiosity was getting the better of her.
"One thing I don't get. So you discover my husband is a cockle, or whatever you called it."
"Cuckold."
"Yeah, that. How the hell does that lead to the two of you coming up with your idiotic plan?"
"I suppose when I saw that story, it felt like an opportunity, you know? One that I couldn't pass up. So I told Simon I'd be willing to help make it happen in real life."
She felt slightly better knowing that Jacob was an all too willing participant in their game, rather than just a puppet of her husband.
"What do you mean 'an opportunity you couldn't pass up'? I'm sure there are far easier ways to have sex with someone."
"Sure, but not sex with you. I've kind of... well... had a crush on you. For as long as I've been able to have crushes."
"Oh my God, you're just flattering me now."
"It's true!"
"I mean, I'm not even in the top three sexiest mums in your little friendship group..."
"Well that's part of what's hot about you. You could easily be the sexiest. But it's like you choose not to. I mean, If you dressed like you are right now every day, everyone would think of you as a MILF, no doubt."
She couldn't help but laugh at that. It was true she didn't think she looked bad for a woman of her age. But the notion of herself as a MILF...
"Anyway, so you're saying you didn't have a crush on me back?" Jacob added cheekily.
"No, of course not! First off, I had no idea you felt like that. And besides, you were just another one of my son's friends..." She took a sip before adding, conspiratorially: "Of course maybe it would have been different if I knew what you were allegedly packing."
"Allegedly?"
"Yep. What is it the kids call it? Catfishing? It could be anyone's penis that you sent me."
"I don't mind giving you a live demonstration if you want."
"Hmm," she laughed. "I'll bear that in mind."
***
While all this was happening, Simon was driving himself to distraction, picking up and putting down his phone, only to see his wife remained in the same spot.
What were they talking about? Was it going well? Were they hitting it off? Even now he knew where they were, the lack of details was agonising, albeit not entirely unpleasant.
His mind left to wander, he entertained fantasies of them having already done the deed in the toilets, his wife playing the role of the insatiable slut he had read about in so many of the stories he consumed.
Of course he was worried, too. The transition of his fantasy into reality brought up plenty of anxieties around whether he was destroying his marriage. His simultaneous fear and excitement fed into each other, heightening the sensation of both.
He looked down at his phone again, and his eyes widened in sudden surprise. They were on the move.
***
After the imbibing of plenty more alcoholic beverages, and more flirtatious conversation, they decided to vacate the premises of the pub they were in and venture off in search of somewhere else. It wasn't long before they stumbled upon the entrance to a club. Now neither of them were club people, in any sense of the word, being a nerd and a mother respectively. But Anna figured this was a night for trying new experiences, and duly dragged Jacob inside.
Inside was dark, noisy and packed with people, as any club would be. She had to shout in Jacob's ear to get him to come with her towards the place where people were dancing.
As they made their way through the throng of people, she couldn't help but notice the general youth of the clientele, with many girls both much younger and much more sluttily dressed than her. Still, she didn't feel as out of place as she expected.
She was definitely drunk now, drunker than she had been for a very long time. Rare as it was, she didn't know her drunk self very well. One thing was becoming increasingly evident and increasingly hard to deny, however. She was horny.
They found a space and started dancing together, albeit at arm's length. Anna was frustrated at Jacob's lack of confidence. She wanted him to reach across, wrap his arms around her, and snog her silly. But here she was, sending every signal known to man, and not getting anything back.
But maybe that was the problem. He wasn't a man, not really. It seemed she would have to up the ante to get what she wanted.
Before she could put that into action, however, it became apparent that her signals were attracting the attention of some of the other men around her on the dance floor. Looking around, she made eye contact with one man in particular. He was far from her usual type, muscled and slightly seedy looking in his skinny jeans and shirt. A wicked thought came over her.
"I'm thirsty," she told Jacob. "Could you get me a drink?"
He dutifully obeyed her request. As he retreated, the man made his move, sidling on up to her. She turned away from him, and he was briefly disappointed. But then she ground her pert arse into the stranger's crotch, a gratifyingly hard lump pushing back into her. His hands were on her hips. She felt small all of a sudden, a puppet being directed by another. It wasn't a bad feeling.
After dancing close for a while, he spun her round to face him. Before she could even consider what was occurring, their lips met. This was no chaste peck, more a battle to see who could stick their tongue further down each other's throat. The overwhelming taste was of alcohol.
Mouths disengaging, she couldn't help but glance down to survey the effect she had had on him. Even through the tightness of his jeans the outline of his hardness was obvious. It didn't seem as big as Jacob's, but it was certainly bigger than her husbands.
Her husband. This was going too far. She was here to punish Simon for his machinations, not to hook up with random men. She was a wife and mother, for goodness sake. With a soft but insistent pressure, she disentangled herself from the kiss before deploying the same trick she had just used to get rid of Jacob.
***
Back at home, Simon was in disbelief. It was quite incredible to imagine his wife in such a setting. Clubbing was not something that she had ever expressed an interest in, but he couldn't believe someone like Jacob would have suggested it as an activity. Which meant the impetus must have come from Anna.
For once, Simon's fantasies were paling in comparison to the truth of the situation. He couldn't begin to imagine, as he looked at the blinking dot revealing her location, that his up-to-that-moment faithful wife was kissing another man--and not even the other man that she had started the night with.
***
Just as the stranger disappeared from sight headed to the bar, Jacob appeared once more, Anna's drink in his hand.
"Quick," she giggled, "we have to get out of here."
"We do? What about your drink?"
In response, she grabbed it from his hand and, much to his apparent surprise, downed the whole lot.
"Come on," she said, dragging him off the dancefloor. "Before he comes back."
"Before who comes back?"
"I don't know. Some guy. He came on to me once you'd gone. And I... I may have kissed him."
"Y-you did?" The poor kid looked crestfallen. She almost felt like apologising. But then she thought of something he'd much prefer.
"I'll be honest, I wasn't expecting my first kiss outside my marriage to be some random guy on the dancefloor."
"You weren't?"
"Well, all signs were pointing to you..." she said, the implication perking him up. "Oh don't look so disappointed. Here."
She leaned forwards and planted her mouth on his. Within a microsecond they were hungrily kissing one another, tongues duelling for advantage. That was one way to break the ice.
She noted with approval that Jacob was a better kisser than the stranger, more tender and less forceful. There she was, kissing her second man in as many minutes. The longer the kiss went on, the more her pussy tingled. But they couldn't stay there forever, not with the stranger on the prowl. She broke off the kiss and dragged Jacob outside.
***
Now that they were more comfortable in each other's presence, Anna wanted to go somewhere quieter, so they departed the club and headed to a bar, where they ordered a drink before finding a secluded booth.
Anna found herself very much in the mood to continue with her flirtation. She decided to probe a bit more regarding her husband's behaviour.
"So... Who's idea was it to cum in my bikini bottoms?"
"Both of us I guess. I told him I'd done it before, and he saw the opportunity for me to do it again.
"Wait, 'done it before'? That wasn't the first time you'd done it?"
"Oh right, you don't know. Yeah. I did. That's kinda how my crush began actually. We were all round your house and someone dared me to steal them. I forgot all about them until I was back home. Once I rediscovered them in my pocket, I couldn't resist using them to wank with."
"Jacob! That's outrageous," she laughed.
"He said he vaguely remembered them going missing, I guess you don't."
"No I don't. I mean I probably would remember if I had found out what ended up happening to them..."
"How would you have reacted if you had found out?"
"Are you asking if I'd have spanked you?" she giggled, then shrugged. "I think you'd have gotten off lightly. It's an inconvenience. But it's flattering too, I guess."
Jacob looked thoughtful for a moment. "What if I stole them right now?"
"Well I have to admit I'd be very impressed. There's not much access, after all."
"Oh I don't think I'll need to take them myself. I think you'll give them to me right now."
Something about his sudden burst of confidence was a real turn on for her. They locked eyes for a while, a silent battle of wills occurring. And then he won. She went to stand.
"Where are you going?" said Jacob.
"The bathroom. I thought you wanted me to take off my knickers?"
"You can do that right here."
He was really pushing his luck. But she couldn't deny there was something thrilling about the thought of taking them off in public. And sober, boring Anna was nowhere to be found right now. She sat back down in her chair, carefully hiking up her dress slightly as she did so. Nothing was on display, but it gave her just enough wiggle room to grasp the sidebands of her underwear. A few seconds of discreet wriggling and glances over her shoulder later, and they were around her ankles.
Jacob had watched the whole affair with a great deal of intrigue. Seeing his friend's mother, the object of all his fantasies, behave so lewdly was a dream come true--as the bulge in his trousers could attest.
"Care to pick them up then?" she asked coyly.
He bent down underneath the table as if he had dropped something, but instead worked quickly to unhook Anna's silky black lingerie from her heels. He couldn't resist sneaking a peek up her skirt while he was down there. It was too dark to make anything out, but the thought of her pussy being utterly exposed was intoxicating.
"Thank you Anna," he said smugly, sitting back up while she returned her dress to its default position. He pocketed his haul and the conversation turned to other matters.
***
A few drinks later, Anna indicated she was ready to leave. Jacob headed to the toilets, leaving the bottomless Anna squirming slightly in her seat. She could feel the wetness of her exposed pussy thanks to the occasional breeze blowing against it. Sitting there like that, with everyone but Jacob none the wiser about her behaviour, had definitely upped her horniness ante.
Eventually, Jacob returned.
"I need to use the bathroom myself," she said. "And I hope you're not expecting me to leave without any panties?"
Anna held out her handbag expectantly and, to her surprise, he put the knickers inside, albeit while giving her a strange look. She was half expecting him to refuse to give them back. A part of her even wanted him to do that. But apparently he had decided to behave.
"Thank you."
In the toilets, she found a stall and locked the door behind her. Her first surprise after pulling her knickers out of her bag was that they were neatly folded. Having a teenage son herself, she didn't think that was a skill in their repertoire.
It was the next surprise that elicited an actual gasp, however. Unfolding them had revealed her thong wasn't the only thing she was holding in her hands. The bastard had cum in them, presumably just now when he had gone to the bathroom herself.
For a few seconds she just stared at the sticky white mess pooling in the gusset. Jacob's propensity for cumming in her underwear seemed just as strong as her husband's desire to share her. Men and their fetishes...
What was Jacob expecting her to do? She couldn't put them back in her bag for fear of them leaking over everything. And she wasn't going to just abandon her cum-stained underwear in a public toilet. Which left just one course of action.
She delicately manoeuvred them around each of her heels, trying desperately not to spill any cum on herself, before gingerly pulling them up her legs. Then, with an audible splat, his mess made contact with her freshly shaved cunt.
Unfortunately, it was then she noticed she hadn't been entirely successful at containing Jacob's voluminous load. A long smear of cum snaked up her thigh, finishing well below the hem of her dress. She couldn't leave it. Before her conscious brain could even rationalise against it, she reached out a finger, scooped it up and deposited it in her mouth.
Having not once taken her husband's cum in her mouth, she didn't have anything to compare the taste to. Semen had always been just an annoyance to her, something to wash away--certainly never something to savour. But here she was, unable to deny the frisson of excitement that occurred as her son's friend's cum travelled easily down her throat. She idly wondered if the presence of sperm in Jacob's load meant it would taste different to that of her vasectomy-having husband.
Having finished putting her knickers back on, she scolded herself for her impulsiveness. Now she'd have to waddle about with cum-filled panties for the rest of the evening. Lucky for her it wasn't just the volume that differentiated Jacob's load from her husband. It was thicker and stickier, too, meaning it clung to her thighs as she walked instead of dribbling down her legs. She swore if she listened closely, she could even hear herself squelching as she went. The humiliation of that knowledge wasn't entirely unpleasant.
Arriving back at the table, Jacob looked at her expectantly, but she wasn't going to acknowledge his little stunt.
"Ready?" was all she said.
***
Back home, without the excitement of a night out to perk him up, Simon was flagging. It had been a long time now since they'd moved from the club to the bar. Not even thoughts of what they might be discussing were enough to stop his eyes from drooping. Of course, had he known his wife's pussy was currently covered in the teenager's sperm, it might have been a different story.
There was no way he knew of to check Anna's location history with the tracker, just her live position. Which is why he was determined to stay up long enough to find out where they were off to next. But try as he might, he was losing the battle against sleep. His eyes closed.
***
Jacob and Anna stood outside, waiting for a taxi.
"Where next then?" said Jacob.
"Well, seeing as you've made it so I'm in danger of leaving your spunk on any surface I sit on, we'd probably better go back to the hotel."
There was a treasure trove of information in that sentence for Jacob to unpack. He started with the obvious.
"Wait, you put them on? I was expecting you to flush them!"
She groaned. That hadn't occurred to her for some reason.
"And what do you mean, 'the hotel'? You've already booked one?"
She shrugged in response, tapping her nose for good measure.
"Always be prepared. Anyway, quit asking questions, the Uber's here."
***
It wasn't a long trip to their hotel. Sitting in close confines with each other after their night of sexual tension was really making it drag, however. That was exacerbated by the presence of the driver, a typical cabby, portly and middle-aged, with thinning hair, whose presence made both of them feel unable to communicate openly.
Each of them had chosen the seat nearest their respective door for some reason, leaving an empty space in the middle. As the seconds ticked by, she realised she was waiting hopefully for Jacob to shuffle over next to her. Judging by his previous bouts of indecision that night, however, Anna knew she'd probably be waiting a long time.
So she once again took the initiative herself, unbuckling her seatbelt and shuffling over into the middle seat. He seemed surprised by her actions, and even more surprised when their mouths instantly gravitated towards one another.
Out of the corner of her eye, Anna saw the driver in the rear view mirror, observing them. Lost in passion, that was perhaps the only thing stopping her undoing Jacob's zip and letting his cock free. But being watched was also emboldening her in ways she didn't fully understand, and she made sure the driver could see her hand frantically squeezing Jacob's crotch.
She turned her attention back to Jacob, and resumed kissing him frantically. She felt his massive cock underneath her fingers. There was no longer any doubt that they were going to fuck. It was now just a question of how soon it would be.
***
"Err, we're here."
It was a couple of seconds after the driver's pronouncement that the two of them finally managed to break it off. Lipstick smeared, Anna managed a mumble of acknowledgement and followed Jacob out his door.
As she stood up, however, both of them could see she had left a small puddle of Jacob's cum on the seat. It could only have leaked out of her panties. Before she could even consider how raunchy her behaviour was, a potent blend of her drunkenness, her tidiness, and her rapidly accelerating propensity for showing off compelled her to bend down and in one smooth motion lick up the stain. If the driver was watching her she knew he must be very confused. She imagined him later discovering the remnants and putting two and two together. The thought made her tingly.
Back in the here and now she turned to Jacob (who looked suitably impressed at her little stunt), opened her mouth to show him his load and swallowed his cum for the second time that night. She had a feeling she'd regret that display when she sobered up, but hey, that was future Anna's problem.
***
Walking into the hotel, they were forced to resume a more outwardly chaste relationship as Anna checked them in at reception. She was probably imagining things, but nevertheless it felt like the girl behind the counter was silently judging her as a slut. Of course she had no way of knowing Anna had the fresh taste of cum in her mouth, or that she wasn't wearing any knickers. But she could plainly see the much younger man Anna was checking in with. The thought knocked Anna's confidence somewhat.
A palpable tension accompanied their short journey to their room, and no words were spoken between them, nor any affection displayed. Opening the door, it was undeniable that a pall of shyness had descended over the both of them, despite the fact that they had just been furiously making out.
"Umm, I suppose I'd better take a shower, considering... well, this," she said, gesturing towards her crotch. He simply nodded in response.
Inside the ensuite, she kicked off her heels and shimmied out of her outer clothes, leaving herself in just her lingerie. Well, that, and a coating of cum. She undid her bra first, before delicately peeling down her knickers. Unlike her more robust bikini bottoms, the frilly little pair was probably beyond saving. judging by its weight, it was more cum than fabric at this point.
Because of that, she used it as a rag to mop up the rest of his cum that was currently coating her pussy lips and thighs. Shame, she thought, I liked that pair. Then she dropped it in the bin.
***
The shower felt amazing on her skin after all the evening's activities and stresses. Underneath the water, she forgot for a moment that she was halfway through the most unusual date of her life. Then she heard a noise.
"Oh." She jumped, noticing for the first time that a naked Jacob was in the room with her. She noted he was holding a condom in his hand. She had brought some of her own, but it seemed he had also come prepared.
She also couldn't help but notice that he was already hard. Or that the camera had not been lying when he had sent her the pictures. She stood there a mixture of fear and awe as he rolled the condom onto his dick. It was a tight fit.
As he entered into the shower next to her, it was obvious the time for words was over. Foreplay was definitely not necessary either. The entire evening had been leading up to this, and as a result he was as hard as he could possibly be, and she was as wet.
Nervous as they were, their bodies knew exactly what to do. He grabbed her by the waist and spun her round to face away from him. Collecting up her wet hair, he brushed it to the side, revealing her neck which he promptly kissed. She groaned in response, thrusting her arse backwards and grinding against his dick.
A hand went under her leg, hoisting it into the air and exposing her pussy. She put one arm on the wall for balance. His other hand, meanwhile, lined up his condom-clad penis at her entrance. They were ready.
He pushed into her steadily but forcefully, his cock gradually disappearing into her slippery folds, his virginity with it.
"S-s-slowly," she groaned, feeling every inch a virgin again herself.
After what felt like an age, he was in, the whole way, his closely trimmed pubes tickling her arse. They both luxuriated in the sensation for a moment. Shower sex was something Anna and Simon had attempted a few times over the years, but his anatomy was just not conducive to sex standing up. It was evidently very different with Jacob.
With a grunt, he began pulling himself out of her. His retreat at first felt as difficult as his entrance, but as he began sawing in and out, Anna's discomfort faded away. Lewd, wet sounds began to be heard over the noise of splashing water from the shower.
She felt the rational, thinking part of her brain fading away. Even so, she couldn't help but marvel at how right this felt, how their bodies seemed to match each other perfectly. His cock was a key she never knew existed, unlocking parts of her cunt that had never before been reached.
Anna had no sense at all of how long they had been fucking. It could have been minutes, it could have been hours, it could even have been days as far as she was concerned. All that she knew was that she was about to cum. That in itself puzzled her. All her life, in all her years of sex with Simon, she had never once cum from penetration. She knew it was possible, sure, having heard as much from friends. But she'd always figured she simply wasn't built that way. For Anna, orgasms were things to be extracted via her fingers, whether that was during the deed, or, more commonly, after her husband had finished.
But at that moment, Jacob was fundamentally rewriting her understanding of how her body worked. She felt him picking up the pace, and as he did so the corners of her vision began turning white. She opened her mouth to tell him she was cumming (it was only polite to do so after all), only to find all the air had been fucked out of her lungs.
Within seconds, she was experiencing the deepest and most profound orgasm of her life, an orgasm so intense it seemed to render all her other orgasms unworthy of the name. Instead of the powerful yet brief sensation emanating from her clit she was used to, this orgasm came from deep inside of her, from the previously untouched places Jacob's big dick was currently pounding against.
This orgasm was slow building, and as she was currently finding out, just as slow to depart. Her cunt pulsed and milked Jacob's member, trying desperately to fulfil its biological purpose, unaware of the condom that would prevent it from ever receiving the cum it so craved. Her legs, meanwhile, had turned to jelly. She sagged in Jacob's arms.
"Are you OK?" Jacob managed to ask, all the while continuing to pound into her. It seemed to him, judging by all the porn he had consumed over the years, that she was cumming. In the absence of any response from her, he decided that that was what it must be.
He'd always assumed such theatrical orgasms were faked, but he didn't think Anna was the type to do that. The sight of her cumming was incredible. He couldn't help but plant an animalistic kiss on the back of her neck, sucking hard as he did so--part of an inescapable biological urge to mark her as his.
Eventually he slowed up a little, wary of the way her pussy was rhythmically squeezing his dick. He didn't want to cum yet. So far, Anna, and sex in general, was absolutely living up to the high expectations porn had given him. All he wanted was more.
Slowly, Anna was coming back to reality. Her pussy no longer felt like a diffuse glow of pleasure, and she could once again differentiate the individual strokes as her fucked her. Without even thinking, she turned her head to the side and began to kiss him, passionately.
Jacob was all too pleased to reciprocate, but in short order he broke off the kiss. Anna was momentarily disappointed until he dropped her leg and spun her sideways to face the wall. She instinctively put her hands against it, bending over slightly to expose her pussy to him.
For the briefest of moments, Anna was able to consider how her cunt actually felt empty, like it was missing something. But then he was back inside her and the thought dissolved away, replaced by the ecstasy of his hard dick parting her folds. She had never experienced post-orgasm sex before, her orgasms always being either timed with her husband or taking place once he was done. Part of her was expecting it to feel sore. Instead, it felt even better. She immediately knew her second orgasm wouldn't be long in coming.
Jacob, too, was finding it harder and harder to resist the urge to cum, a combination of the position (which had the effect of making her seem even tighter), and his view of her perfect, creamy arse, rippling as he fucked her. There wasn't a man in the entire universe who would have been able to resist slapping it at that moment. One on each cheek, they were delivered in quick succession, eliciting a gasp from Anna. How unlike him it was to do that, but then again, how unlike her it was to be bent over in a shower getting the fuck of her life from one of her son's friends.
Despite the fact that this was their first time with each other (and in Jacob's case his first time ever), their bodies were already attuned enough to know they were approaching the climax together. Though nothing was verbalised, the pace of their fucking and the volume of their moans all pointed to only one eventuality: they were both about to cum.
"Fuck, I'm close," Jacob groaned, a fact which slightly irked Anna as she was once again totally unable to produce any sound out of her mouth. Even if she could have spoken, however, she was much too preoccupied by the onrushing of another, somehow even more powerful, orgasm.
The two of them had timed it to perfection. Inside her, Jacob's cock short ropes of cum into the condom, the loss of his virginity now undeniable to anybody. Anna was losing another virginity of her own--her first time cumming more than once during sex. This time it wasn't just the corners of her vision which were turning white. Everything was.
Jacob watched with delight as she vibrated and quivered, her legs drawing together and butt pushing towards the wall as if to expel him, as if his dick was providing too much pleasure to bear. He resisted, keeping her impaled on him until the tremors died down into aftershocks.
For a long while, the two of them simply rested, Anna slumped against the wall, him stood there still inside her, luxuriating in the sensation of her pussy as it twitched gently against his cock. Eventually he withdrew and Anna, feeling like her foundations had been knocked out, slid down the wall. When she eventually turned around, her eyes couldn't help but be drawn by the sight of his penis. In particular, the drooping bulb of cum just about contained within the condom. How could one man produce so much of the stuff? Especially considering this was his second load in as many hours. And to still be hard after all that?
"I'm sorry," he said, "I'd have liked to have gone for longer."
"Are you kidding? Don't be," she replied, catching her breath. Longer? Nothing about that had felt short. She was glad he had stopped when he had--had he kept it up she feared she would currently be a gibbering wreck lying on the floor. For a moment, both of them just stared at each other, unsure of what to do next.
"I'm going to finish my shower, seeing as you so rudely interrupted," Anna said.
"Oh right, sorry. Of course," he mumbled in response, climbing out of the shower. She listened for him to leave the bathroom, at which point she turned her attention towards her body. Curious fingers traced their way down to her pussy. It wasn't sore as such, but it did feel very well fucked. She couldn't help but touch her clit, gasping at how sensitive it felt. And not just her clit. Her entire pussy felt like that.
She wasn't the type to masturbate, ever, but as her fingers traced a path around where he had been moments before, that was exactly what her body was crying out for her to do.
Summoning the last of her reserves of strength, she dialled the temperature of the shower down and splashed cold water on her face. That did the trick. For the first time in a while, her mind was not consumed with thoughts of sex. She set about washing herself in earnest.
As she did so, doubts came flooding back to her. She had just cheated on her husband. True, it seemed like in some fucked up way that was exactly what he wanted her to do. But what did it matter when her ultimatum meant he would never know if he had gotten his wish. She was the one who would have to bear the knowledge that she had broken her marriage vows. And not only that, but broken them with her son's friend! And all for what, exactly?
The best sex of your life, said another voice inside her. She begrudgingly conceded that point. It had been good. Very good. But now here she was, rapidly sobering up, stuck in a hotel room with a horny teenager. Oh God Anna, she thought to herself, what have you gotten yourself into this time?
She finished up in the shower, taking as long as possible drying off so as to prolong the inevitable moment she'd have to face him again. She looked around for her clothes, only to find they were not on the floor where she had left them. Jacob. Did he expect she might be having second thoughts? If he had hid them maliciously instead of idly tidying them up, he was no doubt hoping she'd emerge from the ensuite naked. Instead, she demurely wrapped herself in a towel.
She found Jacob on the bed, lying naked atop the covers. The condom was gone, but unbelievably, he was still as hard as the moment he had left her.
"Does that thing ever go down?" she asked sincerely, eyes wide with curiosity.
"Not around you."
Smooth. She blushed, but her face was red enough from all their mutual exertions that Jacob didn't notice. Whether to entice her or simply as a means of occupying his hands, Jacob began stroking his cock. She couldn't help but continue to stare.
She bit her lip. Despite her reservations, it seemed there was only one path for her to take. She dropped her towel and crawled onto the bed between his legs. Jacob's eyes lit up.
Tentatively, she reached out and closed her hand around the base of his dick. She was handling his cock outside of his clothes for the first time, and touching only the second penis of her life.
She squeezed it gently, noticing that it was thick enough for her thumb not to touch her fingers as she gripped the shaft. With their trousers down, it was hard to believe that Jacob and her husband were even members of the same species. It was as if she was holding the heavy cock of some hitherto undiscovered cousin of humanity. But then again, she wasn't exactly experienced with the things. Maybe penises tended towards being this size, and her husband was the freak of nature with his little thing.
Part of her recoiled at the cruelness of the thought. A bigger part of her was too cock drunk to care.
She stared at it with something approaching awe. She'd never really looked at a penis before, not properly anyway. It wasn't part of a man's anatomy she had ever considered could be attractive before. Why obsess over a silly little lump, when there were things like strong arms and beards and tight arses and whatever else. But she had to admit this was a fine specimen, with nothing silly or little about it.
She took some time to study it. How the veins on this one were so prominent, how easily the tip appeared out of his foreskin as she stroked it, and how warm it was underneath the tacky, greasy stuff that comes off condoms. Around the tip, there were remnants of his load, begging to be licked up. Her tongue came out of her mouth unbidden, but she brought it back inside just as quickly, styling it out into a licking of the lips.
Jacob was watching her unhurried exploration with delight. This was better than his wildest fantasies had suggested (and they had certainly gotten pretty wild over the years). Anna Peters was practically giving him a handjob, just minutes after he had lost his virginity to her. He couldn't imagine that his life would get any better than today.
Her lust was rising again in the presence of his cock, leaving her fighting the urge to put him in her mouth. He wanted her to suck his cock. She wanted to suck his cock. But there was a problem. As a rule, she didn't do blowjobs. No matter how many times her husband had pestered her over the years, she had refused. There was something gross about the thought of putting a penis in her mouth. At least, there was with her husband's. Confronted with Jacob's dick, she was no longer so sure.
Her hand ceased moving on his dick. Anna was paralysed by indecision. She could imagine that many would argue a blowjob wasn't as bad as what they had already done together. But this was something she wouldn't even do for her husband. Despite her anger with him, it felt like a betrayal to bestow that gift upon Jacob, knowing that she never would with Simon. Not to mention it required her to be an active participant, unlike back in the shower. Her mind was made up.
Jacob's face was one of disappointment as Anna joined him on the bed. Nothing had been spoken, no requests had been made, but something about her manner made it feel like a rejection. But he didn't want it to end here. He decided to take the initiative again. If she wasn't going to give him oral, he could at least do her.
Before Anna knew what was happening, he was at the foot of the bed, occupying the same position she had just moments before. Any thoughts of protest were silenced as he gripped her feet, pulling her body towards him.
Jacob surveyed the feast laid out before him. Her cunt, in particular, with its neatly trimmed hair and glisten of arousal, looked particularly inviting. But he was in no rush to skip to the main course. He was quite happy to take it slow and tease her, as Anna had done with her languid inspection of his dick.
Anna was mortified to be in such an exposed position, with no hope of hiding the wetness of her pussy from his inquisitive eyes. But as the heat of his breath played over her most intimate areas, her embarrassment mixed with lust. She gasped as he began his assault, planting a kiss high up her thigh.
Her attitude to receiving oral was much the same as giving it. It simply wasn't something she had ever done. And while she baulked at the concept of putting a penis in her mouth, having a man's head between her thighs somehow seemed even more shameful and embarrassing. Early in their relationship her husband had offered to go down on her on a few occasions, but he had soon learnt not to ask following a string of rejections from her. She was having trouble mustering the words to tell Jacob about her reservations, however.
It had a lot to do with how he was currently working his way down her thigh in a string of kisses which left a ticklish, tingling feeling in their wake. She had been lifting her head up off of the pillow to inspect what he was doing, but the sensation was so relaxing she couldn't help but allow her head to fall back down.
Eyes closed, she basked in the sensation. She had never known her thighs to be an erogenous part of her body, but it seemed the heightened sensitivity of her pussy had leached into the surrounding areas. His kisses were getting closer to her pussy now, dangerously close. But then he switched to her other thigh and she relaxed again.
It was a nice change of pace from the intensity of the sex earlier, all thrusting and grunting. This was slower, more sensual. Less about lust and more about... love. Oh God. The L word. The casual way she had arrived at the concept disturbed her. There was no denying there was lots to love about the way he had made her feel tonight. But were the sensations the only thing she loved? Or was it his dick? Or even the person it was attached to? In her mixed up state, she had no way of knowing for certain.
"Ow!" She was awoken from her reverie by a sharp pain. She sat up and looked down at him, only to see him returning her gaze with a guilty expression. Evidently he had gotten a bit carried away in his ardour. There, near to the crease where her thigh met her torso, was a freshly minted hickey.
There was something clarifying about the pain. Instantly, she thought of the trouble she'd have hiding that from her husband, located as it was directly next to her sex. Spell erased, the doubts came rushing back in.
She knew then that they should stop. The two of them had had sex. That was more than enough reward for Jacob having been made the subject of her husband's machinations. And it meant her husband had apparently gotten what he wanted to, not that he'd ever know what had transpired. And yes, she too had gotten something out of it, an experience she never in a million years could have imagined would happen to her.
If they kept on fucking all night, as Jacob would surely want to, she feared just how much she would give in to her lustful feelings, just how good he might make her feel. What if it ruined sex with her husband for her forever? That was the last thing she wanted, and the last thing he would want too, no doubt.
"Stop," she said forcefully. "I... I think you'd better leave."
"Look, I'm sorry--"
"Just go," she said with a sudden intensity. She felt guilty and angry and sad and horny all at once.
He looked a little bit like a beaten dog as he silently scrambled to get dressed. Internally, she imagined he was ruing the fact that such a little mistake had blown it for him. He wasn't to know that her thoughts were tending in that direction already, and that the outcome would likely have been the same even if he hadn't overstepped the bounds.
Fully dressed, he lingered at the door, looking back over his shoulder and desperately trying to think of something to say. Anna, however, already had her eyes closed. He left without a word.
***
Simon started awake, finding himself still sitting fully dressed on the sofa. He was momentarily confused before remembering exactly why he found himself in the position he did. His wife.
He brought up his phone in a hurry. Sure enough, Anna's location was somewhere new. A hotel. That didn't tell him too much. Even if they hadn't hooked up, she had told him to expect her home the day after, so naturally she would have needed a place to stay.
He kicked himself for falling asleep and potentially missing any locations she had gone in the interim. Still, the places he knew she had been pretty much confirmed that she really had met up with Jacob. She wasn't likely to be clubbing on her own after all. Now there was just one mystery to be solved. Did she fuck him?
He looked at his watch. It was much later than he usually got up. Work beckoned. It would have to be a mystery for later.
***
Anna awoke the morning after in an empty bed, nursing a wicked hangover. Immediately she felt guilty. Guilty at having cheated on her husband, at the ways she had behaved and the things that she had said. Mixed in there was even some motherly concern for having turfed poor Jacob out late at night. She was sure he was big enough to fend for himself, though.
She had been pretty mean to him at the end. But that was probably for the best. A clean break would allow the both of them to put all this behind them. The last thing she wanted was for him to get hung up on her, after all.
It was a struggle to get out of bed, but she knew she'd feel better once she'd had a coffee. As the kettle boiled, she collected up her clothes and dressed herself, except of course for her discarded knickers.
She opened her phone and sent a text to her husband to make sure he was working in-office today. Her crumpled, faintly-alcohol scented clothes betrayed the night she had had. If he saw her coming home in them, he would surely be able to put two and two together. Simon's reply was a simple confirmation, and didn't contain any inquiries about her night, which she was glad of. She texted him back to tell him he could expect her at home once he was finished at work.
Coffee consumed and brain fog slowly lifting, she trudged out the door to begin the long journey home. What was it people called it? The walk of shame. Well, walk and bus ride of shame. Anyone who saw her would definitely be able to tell she got fucked last night. The thought made her oddly excited. Or maybe it was the way the cool breeze was once again interfering with her bare pussy.
She had plenty of time to mull over everything that had happened last night. In the cold light of day, she was shocked at some of her behaviour. But the more she thought about it, the more certain she was that there was nothing she regretted per se, and nothing she couldn't live with. It wasn't like anyone else but Jacob would ever know what had happened, after all.
Unless he blabbed, of course. But over the course of the night she had discovered that she found him unusually trustworthy. That was a big part of why she'd taken him back to the hotel room in the first place. In a way she was proud of herself, too. For resisting more sex, despite the temptation to give in. Through it all, she had remained in control of her desires (though at times it had been a close run thing).
When she finally walked back through the door of their home, she finally felt she had closure. She was actually in a very good mood, and figuring that she was dirty already, managed to get a long list of chores completed before finally heading to the shower.
Standing under the spray, however, she suddenly felt tired again. Very tired. It wasn't very long at all since she had last been in a shower, albeit this time there was no man about to intrude. If only there was...
"No," she said aloud. The whole reason she had stopped herself was precisely so she wouldn't fantasise about what had happened with Jacob. But in that moment she was finding her will subservient to the desires of her body. She wanted to touch herself. Her fingers traced across her trimmed bush, alighting on her folds.
"No," she told herself again. This time she tried the same trick of turning the temperature down. The icy blast just about did the trick. "Don't do this to me, Anna..."
***
While this had been happening, Simon had been counting the seconds until his work day was over. He desperately wanted to see her. He backed himself to be able to tell if she had or hadn't done the deed by the way she looked and behaved when he saw her. But when he finally burst through their front door late that afternoon, Anna looked exactly as she always did. Save for still-wet hair.
The two of them regarded each other silently for a moment, before giving each other a long hug. Both of them knew in that moment that their marriage had never truly been in jeopardy, despite what had or had not happened. Eventually they disengaged.
"Enjoy your shower?" Simon asked.
Anna's stomach briefly lurched, until she realised he could only mean the one she just had.
"It was fine. I got dirty cleaning the house."
"And that was the only thing getting you dirty?"
"Don't," she said sternly. "I meant what I said. You're never finding out if anything happened between us. My forgiveness of you is conditional on you not trying to find out. We're putting your nonsense behind us. OK?"
"OK, OK," he said, raising his hands in submission. "You're the boss."
***
Over the next few days, they settled back into something approximating a normal routine on the outside. Internally, however, both Anna and Simon were consumed with memories of the fateful night.
For Simon, it was agonising not knowing whether or not her wife had made him a cuckold. That she had had a evening out on the town, followed by a night in a hotel, was undeniable. The question was whether she had been alone in that hotel room.
Any attempt to broach the subject was met with a wall of silence and a hard stare from Anna. Even when he avoided the subject, she had adopted a generally frosty demeanour. In the evenings, for instance, she always went to bed first without him, concocting some excuse about being tired. You didn't have to be a genius to infer that sex was off the cards.
Of course, what Simon didn't know was that Anna's sex strike wasn't just motivated by her still struggling to forgive him for his betrayal, but the fact that she had an incriminating hickey directly adjacent to her pussy. Terrified of having more, one of the first things she had done upon getting home was to thoroughly inspect her body for bright red marks everywhere else Jacob's wandering mouth might have reached. There had been plenty of times when she would have been too far out of it to notice him giving them to her, after all. Thankfully, it seemed like she was in the clear.
***
Before long, the weekend rolled along, the last before their son was due back from his travel in the middle of the following week. Then normal life really would resume proper. At least for a few weeks until he was off to university, anyway.
Simon had volunteered to make her breakfast in bed. Left to her own devices, she fingered the hickey on her thigh. It was still perfectly visible, meaning no sex for at least a few more days. That annoyed her. She had been fizzing with sexual energy the past week, peaking every day in the shower, which now had the unfortunate effect of bringing everything back to her. And a blast of cold water was becoming less and less effective at dampening her ardour...
She was certain, however, that it wasn't Jacob she was missing, but sex in general. As soon as she could do it with her husband again, it wouldn't be the all-consuming obsession it currently was for her. In the meantime, she badly needed a way of working off her excess energy.
Hearing her husband coming up the hall, she flipped the covers back over her legs and tried her best to look nonchalant.
"Looks delicious," she said with appreciation at the offering of bacon and eggs. As they ate together, she suddenly alighted on an idea to distract herself and deal with her abundance of energy.
"You know what," she added. "I think I'll go for a run."
"You will?"
"Yep."
She already had all the necessary gear, having a number of times started the couch to 5k programme in a bid to lose a bit of weight. She had never finished it, however, always losing motivation as soon as she was happy with how her body looked. Of course that inevitably resulted in her slowly gaining weight again, at which point the cycle would start anew.
"Think you'll stick with it this time?" Simon asked. He couldn't help but wonder if this had anything to do with her night with Jacob. Little did he know how close he was to the mark.
"What's that supposed to mean? You don't think I can do it?"
"That's not what I said. But maybe that is what I think." He was having fun prodding at her competitive spirit. "You get bored as soon as you see some results."
"Well I'm not running to lose weight this time. I'm running for myself." She placed the plate next to her on the bed and, judging that she could get dressed while facing her hickey away from Simon at all times, walked over to the dresser.
Simon watched her arse in appreciation as she struggled to pull some tight leggings over her bountiful butt. That accomplished, she packed her generous tits into a sports bra and threw on a t-shirt over the top. The transformation into running mode was almost accomplished. All that remained was getting her hair out of the way.
As she put her hair up in a high ponytail, Simon's heart stopped. There, on the back of her neck, was a greenish-purple bruise, quite unmistakably the fading remnants of a hickey.
He went to say something but managed to stop himself. It was proof, proof undeniable that Jacob had fucked her. How else would there be a hickey on her neck? That was the kind of thing that only happened in the throes of passion. This one was perfectly positioned so as to escape her attention, especially considering how rarely she wore her hair up. Even with her hair in a ponytail, she would have no chance of seeing it, even in a mirror.
A right-thinking man would have been enraged by the knowledge. But Simon instead had to stop himself from breaking out in a grin. His heart was racing and his dick was rock hard. His instinct was to let her know her mistake straight away. But that would be boring. He could have a lot more fun teasing it out of her, after all. A lot of fun, indeed.
TO BE CONTINUED...