Bachelor Behavior - Part 4
by Simon Underfoot
Copyright 2022, All Rights Reserved
Day 7
Nobody joined me for Pull Day in the exercise room, and I found I didn't have nearly as much energy as normal -- it hadn't taken long to get used to the distraction and motivation my workout partners offered.
After showering, I stepped from the bathroom and found Red sitting on my bed, snuggled under the sheets. She was doing something on her tablet, so I snagged some underwear and a pair of shorts to get changed, but she cleared her throat loudly. "Morning, Kai." Her smile was all bright, with none of her usual cheekiness.
"Good mood this morning?"
"Very good." She patted the bed next to her. "Come sit and you'll see why."
Conscious of just having my towel, I sat and scooted until I was where she had indicated, hoping I hadn't flashed the cameras too badly. "What's up?"
"We talked last night until almost four. About lots of stuff."
I wasn't sure where this was going, but it made me glad that they'd had time to work through some of the open issues. "And today things are...?"
"Definitely better." She handed me her tablet.
The scene on the screen was like something out of a movie, if that movie had a bunch of gorgeous women that happened to have a thing for me. Even from the single frame, I could see the lighting was good and they'd applied some light makeup to go with their nightwear, which had somehow become much skimpier than when I'd seen them the previous evening. I gave Mandy a curious look.
"After we got through the hardest part, Amy suggested we act like it was a sleepover -- bonding time, she called it -- which went way better than I expected, especially since it was new for Kat. I guess that's not a thing where she grew up. Anyway, Merci showed us how to give an amazing five minute foot massage, then Kat had us trying on each other's clothes; Amy even taught me a few tricks with makeup."
"Well, you look lovely." To be honest, she looked fucking amazing with a matching set of pajamas made from a satiny, pastel purple colored material -- I was struggling to keep my eyes from returning to her obviously hard nipples, which had created a crease down to the hemline.
Mandy grinned and sat up a little straighter. "Thanks, they're Stephanie's."
"Really?"
"Don't be so surprised, Kai -- she's a firecracker. Once she gets a little more comfortable, she's going to be a force."
"Don't mess with Texas?"
"Something like that." I got lost in Mandy's smile, and her beautiful eyes, and silently raged against the fates that we weren't meant to be. Red's expression faltered just a bit and I saw her disappointment peek through; she patted my hand. "Here, watch this." She reached over and hit Play.
Amy: "It can't be Kat."
Kat [offended]: "Why can't it be me?"
Merci: "Because you'll break him. Or ruin him. At least give the rest of us a chance."
Kat [to Merci]: "Who then, you?"
Merci [shaking her head]: "I'm not ready to take that step. What about Stephanie?"
Amy & Kat together: "No!"
[pause in the conversation, then all women but Stephanie start giggling]
Mandy [to Stephanie]: "It's because he's so into you already."
Stephanie [blushing]: "Oh."
Amy [definitively]: "So it has to be Mandy."
Stephanie [to Amy]: "Not you?"
Amy [indicating Kat]: "She'd never let that happen, and I don't blame her."
Kat [to Amy]: "We could do it together."
[Mandy laughs and claps]
Amy: "I think we might literally break him."
Kat [grinning wickedly]: "Would that be so bad?"
Amy [to Kat, grinning]: "Maybe we save that for the second or third time."
Amy [to Mandy]: "So, Red... what do you think?"
Mandy [smiling broadly]: "I think I'm going to do my damndest to make him forget about the rest of you."
Red took the tablet out of my hands and swung her leg over my much larger lap, then settled onto my hardening cock. "You heard, I get to be first." With a quick flourish she was out of her top. My eyes boggled and my mind shut down. Absolutely-fucking-gorgeous. Puffy nipples, well formed breasts, and a dusting of freckles sneaking down her cleavage. But something was still bothering me.
"I thought you were leaving."
"After, but right now, I'm going to show you how to fuck."
I rolled on my hip and dislodged my gorgeous rocker chick, then tried to get off the bed, only to have my towel pull away because she had landed on the edge. Standing there nude in an extreme state of arousal didn't help what I was going to say, but I bowled forward anyway. "I can't, Red, not when I know it won't be us together at the end."
I felt gutted, not because of my obnoxious waving dick and the lost opportunity to use it, but because she was a great woman that deserved a great guy, and I sincerely wished we met some other way.
"What if I stayed?"
"Would it be for the right reasons?"
She didn't reply and the moment stretched. "Fuck." Mandy wasn't a crier, but I could tell how upset she was -- her peppiness was entirely gone.
A knock on the door frame surprised us both. I looked down at my nakedness, then at Mandy's -- oh well. "Good morning, Amy."
She gave me a nice smile, but her expression made it clear that what she was going to say was important. "Kai, I know this is going to sound crazy to you, but you need to get this over with."
"I... what?"
"The rest of us, we're committed to the process, but sex has become an obstacle. It's going to lead to even more hurt feelings and conflict. Mandy's awesome, and as far as the show goes, safe -- it's why we all agreed that she's the best pick."
I gave Amy a disapproving look. "I'm not going to use Mandy to make the rest of you feel better."
"Actually, Kai, I really, really want you to use me."
"Stop it, Red, you're not helping."
Amy continued on. "Pretend, just for a few hours, that you met a great girl on a date and things progressed from there. Forget the show, forget the rest of us, and focus on her."
"Seriously?" I shouldn't have been struggling so much, but I just couldn't wrap my head around it. "The others are okay with this?"
"Some more than others," Amy replied evasively. "Don't you trust me?" She seemed hurt; I waggled a finger in response.
"You and Kat are forces of nature, and Merci and Steph are probably still overwhelmed. I can't, not until I have a chance to talk with them, and even then I'm still thinking it's not a good idea."
"Fair enough," Amy replied. "I'm sure they'll be along in about forty-five seconds.
Right on time, the others walked in. I was still feeling self-conscious about my state of undress when Kat led the procession over to me, blondes in-tow. "I will get you ready for her," she said, then dropped down between my knees.
"Woah!" I exclaimed, pushing myself away from the now pouting woman on the floor. I pulled the bed sheet over my lap, although I had no hope that it would actually protect me from my would-be fellatrix. "Merci, help." It hadn't worked the day before, but I thought I'd try again.
She walked around the bed so she was on the side opposite from Kat, who had stood. "I want to take it slow, but in this... situation... Mandy is the least threatening. If it means that things will be easier in the future, then you should... you know."
"That's the thing," I reasoned loudly, "I don't know." I looked at the gorgeous redhead, practically holding her breath while we talked about her. Her pale features, her toned body, and those fucking freckles. "What if I fall for someone that can't love me back?" It came out in a near whisper.
"Oh, Sweetie," Merci responded, her eyes full of compassion. She used a finger to pull my chin toward her so that we could look into each other's eyes. "I told you yesterday that you're mixing things up. Let her take care of you and you'll understand."
I tried one last escape route, finding Steph's eyes with mine. She didn't say anything. "Steph, is this what you want?"
"No, but I'm too scared to do anything myself right now." She took a breath and let it out. "We are still working things out, but I think it'll be fine, as long as we continue to be open with one another."
I looked around the room, and while I still didn't agree, they all seemed to be on the same page. "Fine, but not today." I pointed at Merci. "Would you like to go out for lunch?" A surprised grin and nod came my way, so I looked to Stephanie. "Dinner?"
"I accept." The smile she gave me was warm and it made her whole self light up.
I breathed out in genuine relief, then turned back to Mandy. "Can you be okay just being friends for a while longer?"

~ ~ ~

Lunch with Merci was a dream, because Merci herself is a dream. Engaging, smart, sweet, and generally, genuinely charming.
I don't recall the flow of our conversation, or exactly what was said, but we covered a lot of ground. I already had a good starting point from her biography, so after more than four hours of talking, it was like I'd known her most of my adult life. By the time we finished, I was well on my way to falling in love and almost certain she was the one I'd choose to marry.
I wasn't the only one.
We ate at a cafe with a view to the water a few blocks from the apartment. On the brief walk there the cameras caught people's attention and it quickly turned into a bit of a parade. The first marriage proposal floated Merci's way before we were even close to the restaurant; two more arrived while we were eating, and one of those was from a strikingly pretty Latina woman two tables over. My date took it well, but did turn a pretty pink in her cheeks -- I think she liked the attention.
Not surprising really, because all of us were exhibitionists of one kind or another.
I asked to do a reality television show, so that's pretty obvious.
Steph is an on-air TV personality.
Red is a wannabe rock star.
Amy is an actress and model.
Kat was also a model, once upon a time, but of a more risque variety -- I hadn't mentioned it to the other ladies because it wasn't my place, but the trend held true.
However, I hadn't figured out Merci yet, other than that she agreed to come back in front of the cameras. I explained, in general terms, my musings. "What do you think?"
Rather than stop at pink, her cheeks raced right on to red. Delicious. I told her so and earned a beautiful, toothy smile, but nothing more for the moment. We finished our walk back to the building in silence, but it was of a strange sort -- her pace increased and she pulled me forward, making it clear she wanted to get back more quickly than our initial pace had projected.
Through the outer doors and toward the elevator, speedwalking, leaving poor Bill and his camera behind, stuck outside lobby's rotating door, waiting for someone with a key card to open the regular door for him. I'd have done it, but Merci was insistent.
Into the elevator we went and she hit the button for our floor, slamming the gate shut as she did. As she turned around to face me, the look she gave was playful, if intense, so I stopped worrying. As soon as we lifted she hit the Stop button, bringing the car to an abrupt halt that left us bouncing briefly -- up to that point, I didn't think those buttons actually did anything.
She held out her arms with a smirk, so after an appropriately glib eye roll, I picked her up. She wrapped her legs around me and smiled warmly from inches away, then closed the distance.
Our first kiss was soft and sweet, then became more insistent, much like Merci herself. I could feel her opening to me, walls being knocked down one after another. I put all of my feelings into that kiss, turning to press her up against the elevator wall. Her breathing hitched and she started squeezing rhythmically; I hardened immediately as I realized what she was doing.
"9-1-1, what is your emergency?"
The voice came from a speaker next to the button Merci had pressed.
"Oh, shit. I mean, sorry, we didn't mean to call you." I pushed the Stop button again and the car lurched upward. I turned back to Merci with a mildly accusatory 'I can't believe you did that' look that made her start laughing into my shoulder. Then we arrived at our floor and I was carrying her toward my room.
The other ladies were there in the hall, talking, each holding a phone or tablet. Sassy, in particular, looked ready to burst when she saw us, so I set Merci down. Rather than the blow up I was expecting, Amy pulled my Delicious blonde into a hug, laughing appreciatively. "I thought you had him."
"Me, too," Merci replied without looking up at me; I could see she was still wearing her naughty-guilty-mischievous look.
I poked her shoulder and gave her a mock glare. "What does that mean?"
Before she could answer, Steph grabbed my hand and let me toward my apartment. "It means she was trying to get into your pants where nobody could interrupt, and with as few cameras watching as possible."
"Woah, wait a minute. How do you know that?"
"Because the same thing occurred to me," Stephanie said, swatting my behind as she guided me into through my door. "Go take a cold shower, but no playing around, just in case we do something later -- we're leaving for dinner in twenty minutes.
I looked at my watch and couldn't figure out how the afternoon had flown by so fast. Then her 'just in case' hit me; I looked up and she smirked, then stepped into the hall to get ready.
You already know I'm not good at backing down from a challenge, and because she didn't want me rubbing one out anyway, I followed her trail and caught up just as she entered her new apartment, having been moved up from the crew floor.
"Wha--" she exclaimed as I picked her up from behind.
I made sure to support her so she wouldn't feel unsafe, and also to keep my hands away from anything that might be deemed too inappropriate -- it left her sitting on one forearm with my other wrapped around her waist.
"I guess we could just stay in," I whispered into her ear. "Save you the trouble of trying to trap me in an elevator."
She leaned her head back, exposing her throat to me, and let out a sexy purr. "I would have gotten you into the studio -- there's just two cameras, and they can't see the whole room.
I kissed her jaw, then her ear, then worked a little lower, down the side of her neck; her purring got louder. When I scraped my teeth lightly against her collar bone, she sat up in my arms, and tapped me several times urgently. "Down, set me down, please." I did so immediately.
"Are you okay?"
"No, not really," she replied, moving to the other side of the living room. She took several deep breaths to calm herself, then looked over to me. "I was staring over the edge -- I almost said 'Fuck it' and jumped."
I nodded, knowing exactly what she meant. "Should I apologize?"
Stephanie shook her head at once. "No, it was my fault. I was teasing, trying to get you interested -- I knew you might take the bait. I just didn't expect the pull to be so strong."
"Dinner first?"
She shook her finger at me menacingly, but her eyes made it clear she wasn't actually mad at my return of her implication, which may or may not have been serious -- I doubt either of us knew for sure. "Dinner, then we'll see."
"Well, we better get going then. I have a standing Netflix and Chill date with Red at eleven." I turned and stepped out before she could retort, feeling like I'd one-upped her. She practically stormed out a few moments later. "Italian okay?"
Caught off-guard again, she stopped cold, then folded her arms indignantly. "I love Italian," she snarled.
"Excellent. Me, too." I held out my hand, which she took after giving me a pinch on the arm, and I led back toward the elevator. The ladies were still in the hall, and as I passed, Kat gave me a very loud, aggressive smack on the ass. I stopped mid-stride.
"To remind you of us," she explained sweetly.

~ ~ ~

Dinner with Stephanie didn't have the easy ebb and flow lunch had, but I enjoyed it anyway, although the conversation was much more intense. Rather than tip toe around key issues, Steph jumped right in, which set the tone of the meal. The main point was that Stephanie Renee Perkins had big aspirations. To achieve those, there was a certain game she had to play, and it wasn't the one with me and the other ladies.
"If I cross that line, Kai -- hell, if I show up nude on camera -- I'll never have a chance."
I nodded. This was an issue my money couldn't fix -- despite my relative success, I didn't have nearly enough to influence media networks. "So what is it that you want precisely -- to be famous?"
She shook her head.
"To be wealthy?" At least that one I could work on, but she shook her head again.
"Attention?" That one earned a shrug, which was at least a start. I began to suspect that Stephanie had decided a long time ago what success meant to her and was afraid to challenge that notion. I decided to push a little.
"A question then: when you were thinking about what you wanted to be when you grew up, did host on an internet reality dating show make the list?" She barked out a short, rather unrefined laugh; fortunately, my jibe caught her when she didn't have any food in her mouth.
"As a matter of fact, it did not." Her tone was a little snarky, but there was no vitriol behind it.
"And yet you signed on anyway. Left a pretty good gig behind, too." She didn't respond right away, so I gave her time, enjoying my veal.
"It was because of you."
"So it's my fault?" I replied with a smile.
"You're unique," she continued, ignoring my comment. "That was clear the first time I was in a room with you, right after the Super Bowl. I know you said you remembered it, but for me, it's clear as cut crystal. You were engaging without even trying -- just naturally charismatic -- and then there's this "Ah, shucks" thing you have going that I knew would play well in a series."
Rather than let her divert the conversation, I set my fork down and pushed away my plate. "Right. So now you're an integral part of a show that's doing even better than expected. I don't really know what's considered good, but I assume you've seen whatever numbers are published?" She nodded. "And they're good?"
"Better than good."
"And you'll get compensation for that, right? They said I'd get eleven points."
Steph's eyes shot wide and she looked at Will frantically. "Don't let that go out." He nodded behind his camera and hit a button attached to a black box on his belt.
"Did I say something wrong?"
"Jesus, Kai -- you don't tell people how much you're making -- it creates all sorts of resentment." She leaned back in her chair. "Eleven points -- even I'm jealous."
I leaned forward, putting my forearms on the table. "Sorry, but I was trying to make a point. If the show's as successful as you say, will whatever percentage you get be a lot?"
She shrugged and allowed a little smirk to show. I sat back up and held my arms wide. "Then I don't see the problem.
"By the time we're done, you'll be recognized everywhere you go, you'll have enough money to do most anything you want, and it's even possible you'll have found a guy to spend your life with." I ticked words off on my fingers: "Fame, Fortune, Family. That doesn't sound completely awful."
Stephanie was back to being quiet, an introspective, contemplative version of silent that didn't break when I ordered dessert, nor when I motioned her over to sit on my lap, or when I fed her little bites ofcrème brûlée.
It wasn't until our walk back that she spoke again. "You're making rational arguments when dealing with emotions. I don't think that works."
"Okay, so make an emotional argument."
"I can't do that, either," she said with an embarrassed grin. "They'll all lead to me fucking you in the elevator."
"Well, I can think of worse ways to spend my time."
Stephanie pulled my arm around her and snuggled in close. "Could I intrude on your Netflix date with Mandy?"
"Of course. Are you okay if the others want to join?"
"As long as I get the prime spot, I'll be fine."

~ ~ ~

The prime spot, it turns out, was to be on me, but not until I was properly attired for the evening.
So as I laid on the couch in just my boxers, waiting for Stephanie to change into her evening wear, I took in the scene.
Mandy had grabbed the remote and was steadfastly ignoring Kat's offered advice regarding foreign language films, Amy was repositioning the chair again, and Merci was stroking my hair while my head rested on her thighs. Everyone was dressed for a casual evening -- lots of loose, soft cotton, ponytails, and makeup so subtle I couldn't even tell it was there, although I assumed it must be because nobody could look as beautiful as these women did without at least a little help. I closed my eyes contentedly.
And opened them when I heard Mandy greet Stephanie, who was standing by the door wearing a lovely deep green silk kimono; in contrast to the others, her hair was pinned up and she was wearing makeup designed to entice, including dark eyeliner and stunning deep red lipstick that looked almost black at the edges.
Stephanie took in the attention, shivered once, then looked from woman to woman, challenging, ending with Mandy, at whom she winked. Then she turned her gaze to me, rose up on her toes, stretched out her neck so she was looking down her nose at me, and dropped the kimono in a subtle shrug.
"Oh, fuck." That was Amy, but it summed up my feelings exactly.
Stephanie had painted her nipples with the same color as her lips, which drew my eyes immediately. I followed the contours of her belly, down to her hairless lips, all the way to her feet, then back up again. When our eyes met, she started gliding toward the couch, only pausing to remove the four long pins that had held her hair in-place; she handed them to Kat, who hadn't yet said anything. "I'd like to watchPlaisir de la Langue, if it's okay with you."
From my reclined position I could see Kat chewing on her lip, deciding; my attention abruptly shifted when Stephanie reached the couch. The look she gave me was sultry, and she held it just long enough that I was ready to lunge for her, before lowering herself to my chest, crushing her amazing breasts against me and nuzzling into my neck, where she started to nibble and lick.
I looked up at Merci, who was flushed a beautiful scarlet. "To Hell with it." The words came out with a decidedly British bend, as did her breasts, which spilled from her top when she pulled it over her head.
"Oh, my God."
Except that wasn't me, either -- it was Amy again. On the huge screen was a very young, vulnerable looking version of Kat, spread wide while a fellow actress licked her asshole.
"This is my favorite of her movies," Stephanie whispered to me. "She looks so innocent." Then she turned to Red. "He's never going to be more ready than he is now."
Mandy's eyes went wide and she looked to Merci. "Do it, or I will," the buxom blonde told her, bending forward to place a nipple within reach of my mouth. Somebody, probably Mandy, chose that moment to begin licking me, and I bucked violently.
An exchange happened and Merci sat upright, leaving Steph looking down at me intensely. "Kiss me." I did, and then I understood why she was so insistent as Mandy pushed herself onto the head of my cock. Slow and wet and tight, and yet so much more was happening. Steph let me up for air, only to be replaced by Merci, who had somehow scooted out from under me without my noticing. Fireworks went off in my head, then they ramped up even more when one of them started playing with my balls and anus.
Merci backed off and I had a moment to see the room before Steph started on me again.
The ladies were absolutely ruining me, which they had promised to do. Even though I recognized it, I was too overwhelmed to fight back.
Until the competitive part of me kicked in.
I worked my arms loose of Stephanie's legs and reached for what I figured were Mandy's hips, which were still moving up and down slowly. "Huh?" I heard her yip in surprise, but I didn't give her time to think about it. I bent my knees, planted my feet on the couch, and thrust up into the beautiful woman I couldn't see. "Hooo!" she exhaled. I withdrew slowly and did it again, pushing up into her hard. It earned me another grunt, but she didn't seemed upset, so I did a third time, a little faster than the first two.
Then it was off to the races, pushing into her steadily, fucking a tight pussy and feeling amazing about the entire experience. Merci and Steph continued to kiss me, but were also working in other experiences, like love bites and pulling my hair; at one point, somebody tweaked a nipple, hard, and it felt better than I would have ever expected.
"Let me see her," I begged in a moment when my mouth was free. Steph kissed me and slid toward the back of the couch, still partially on top of my chest, but letting me see Mandy bouncing up and down on my cock for the first time. I would have been fine for a little while longer, but she smiled at me, that Cheshire smirk, and I lost it, up inside her, pulling her hips tight to mine as I released.
When I opened my eyes again, I was surprised to see Mandy's attention elsewhere. On the chair, legs spread wide in a dancer's pose, my Sassy Canadian was being eaten out by my former pornstar. I sat up, mesmerized, and slipped free. "Unbelievable."
"Jealous?" Merci asked, her voice concerned. I shook my head, surprised I wasn't, but then again, I was having trouble forming rational thoughts at that moment. "Then go to her. She's wanted you so badly." Merci began stroking me with one hand while rubbing my back with the other, a strange but wonderful mix of caring and arousing. "Just scoot up behind her and slide in."
I wasn't all the way hard, but I was confident I'd get there soon enough, so I followed directions for once.
I brushed my hand down Kat's back and ass, then back up the other side; she moaned into Amy's pussy, who mewed in response. With a couple simple tugs, I made my desire known and Kat made herself available to me. Even kneeling , the height difference between us was too large to have it work at first, so I lifted her into the air before easing forward. It left her supporting her weight with her arms, but gave me tremendous flexibility to move her around any way I wanted, which she seemed to like immensely. In less than a couple minutes she'd lost track of pleasuring Amy and was simply holding on to the blonde's waist while I pumped in and out. Since I'd just cum, and really had no idea what I was doing in any sort of practical sense, I started moving faster, then harder, then faster, until I could feel sweat running down my chest.
Kat began to make inarticulate noises, then started shaking, then started wailing. Held up like she was from behind, all she could do was go along while I did my best to fuck her straight through Amy and the chair. With a final shriek she spasmed, propelling herself forward and off of me; fortunately, Amy caught her before she hit the floor.
"Is she okay?" I asked, more out of breath than I realized.
Kat started whispering something in another language while still shaking in Amy's arms. "Give her a few minutes and she'll be fine. You up for another round?"
I looked down at my very hard, very wet penis. "I think I'm still on round two."
Amy extracted herself carefully, then helped Kat to the floor, where she placed a pillow under her head. "Let's go to the bedroom then." She took my hand and led me away, but not before I made a come hither motion to the others. Once there, something seemed to change, from fun and erotic to serious. I couldn't tell you what it was, but Amy's eyes made the moment's import very clear.
She laid herself down on a nest of quickly arranged pillows, then beckoned me to her. I moved between her legs and leaned forward to kiss her; with barely a movement, my tip slipped inside. "Ohhh," she moaned, which I echoed.
We did slow and smooth for a while, then she began to get impatient. She kicked my ass with her heel, like spurring a horse. I thought it was an accident until she did it again. I picked up the pace a little and she made her appreciation clear. Then she kicked me again.
I didn't have the muscle memory for the motion, stupid as that might sound, and I was tiring, so instead of speeding up further, I put more weight behind the next thrust. I slammed into her hard enough that it drove most of the air from her lungs, the sound of our hips colliding loud in the otherwise silent room; inside, I felt my cockhead hit something, but rather than object, she kicked me again.
I slammed into her a second time, every bit as hard, and she spurred me on again.
So I kept fucking into her, hard, then harder, until I was scared I would hurt her. "Faster, Kai," she begged, so I did, as much as I was able, but without letting up. Bang-Bang-Bang our hips went, until she locked up, the muscles in her neck straining and her head thrown back in agony. I tried to thrust into her again, but her legs were locked so tight around me I could barely move.
Suddenly she untensed and breathed in a great gasp of air. Just as suddenly, she was crying, great tears pouring down her cheeks. "Amy?"
"I have her, Kai." I turned and Kat was behind me, looking worse for wear. Nodding, but not understanding, I disengaged.
"Oh, fuck," Amy moaned as she rolled to the side and drew her knees up. Kat patted me, then snuggled in behind Amy, wrapping an arm around her now shaking chest.
"Did I do something wrong?" I don't know who I was asking, but it was Merci that answered.
"Sometimes, when strong emotions get involved, it can be a bit overwhelming. You should definitely spend some time with her tomorrow, see if she can tell you what happened." I nodded, then gasped as she took hold of my penis and led me back toward the living room. "Come on, Kai -- let's take care of this thing so you don't hurt in the morning."
Merci sat me on the chair, because Red was still lying on the couch, sleeping peacefully. Then she and Steph played rock-paper-scissors, which Merci won. "I'll kiss him," she said happily, leaning forward. A sense of peace washed over me as she poured herself into our connection, and even as I felt Stephanie start working on my cock with her hands, it didn't diminish or distract from the sensation.
Somewhere along the way I orgasmed, but it's that warm comfort from the connection with Merci that I remember most.
Day 8
I spent two hours alone in the workout room, switching between cardio machines, trying and failing to find a rhythm.
Amy was in my kitchen when I returned, two large dishes of food sitting untouched on the counter in front of her. "That looks amazing," I gushed, pulling up one of the stools.
She shrugged, embarrassed, and I gave her a concerned look. "I didn't know you'd be so long."
"Come here, Sassy," I said, pulling her into a hug. "Don't be upset -- this looks amazing."
"Maybe an hour ago," she said dejectedly into my side.
"No, no, no -- it'll be fine. Watch this," I enthused, picking up the plates and carrying them around to the kitchen side of the bar. "There's this magic box that can make food hot again." The look she gave me made it clear she wasn't a fan of microwaves or my attempt at levity, so I winked at her, then moved on to phase two, which consisted of several rapid button pushes, an act at which I excelled.
If she was disappointed at reheating the food, she was appalled by my application of hot sauce to the contents of my plate. I smirked at her as I lifted a combination of eggs and bacon to my mouth, then mmm'ed my way through a second bite before sliding hers across the counter. "You should try this."
She didn't actually smile, but I did get a hint of a grin as she popped a bite in her mouth.
Since I had just worked out, my appetite hadn't caught up yet, so it wasn't very long before I set my fork down. "Want to talk about last night?" She nodded and made eye contact, which I figured was a good sign.
"It was overwhelming."
"The sex?" My question slipped out before I had a chance to think, and I immediately felt like an asshole.
"Yes, Kai," she answered with a brief chuckle, reaching out to take my hand, "but I've had great sex before. Hell, nobody has ever gone down on me like Kat did." Amy paused, trying to find the right words while the image of Kat between her legs came rushing back to my mind. "It was like I'd built you up as this amazing thing -- not even a person anymore, but an idea -- and then when we finally got together, it was better than I'd hoped." She looked away and her voice dropped. "It was wonderful."
My stomach dropped, like I'd eaten a hunk of lead. "So why do you look so sad?"
"I..."
I gave her half a minute, and when she didn't continue or meet my eyes, I squeezed her hand. "It's okay, Amy." She nodded, returned the squeeze, and slipped off the stool, all without looking at me. I watched her go, feeling nauseated. I didn't fully understand, but I didn't really need to, either.
Mandy was the first into my apartment. "Holy shit, Kai -- I can't believe she walked away -- not after last night." I didn't really want to talk about it, so I just nodded.
"May I have some tea?" Stephanie asked, hopping onto the stool next to Red.
"And coffee for me," Kat added, sliding onto the final seat.
I looked gratefully at Steph, then made a face at Kat; in return she smiled and blew a kiss. "Thank you," I said to all of them at once. I filled and switched on the electric kettle, pulled out the tea bags and instant coffee, then started on toast -- anything to keep my hands busy. The ladies gave me a few minutes to putz around and get my mind right.
"You know it wasn't your fault, right?" I looked up at Stephanie through blurry eyes and shrugged.
"So what was it?" Red asked. I was a bit relieved she'd asked for me.
"Amy got scared," Merci said as she walked up to the counter -- I could see the shoulder of her t-shirt was wet. "She didn't expect real feelings to be involved."
"She's okay?" I asked.
Merci waggled her hand. "More or less. She told me she wants to love you, but doesn't know how, and didn't want to ruin your chance at real happiness. I believe her."
"So she never wanted to marry Kai?" Red asked.
"She was going to married him," Merci answered, "but it wouldn't have been for the right reason."
Mandy was shaking her head, looking deeply upset. "How did we not figure it out?"
"Savannah knew," I supplied as subtle puzzle pieces clicked together in my head. "Amy's an actress."

~ ~ ~

After the morning's heartbreak, I didn't really want to go on a date, but I asked Kat anyway.
I'm glad I did.
Even with the gaggle of cameras, paparazzi, fans, and general hangers-on, our stroll through the park was wonderful. Walking along the water on Lakefront Trail under clear skies was relaxing, and the conversation was easy, if not particularly deep. Covering first and second date material after having had sex felt strange, but every new thing I learned reinforced my opinion that Kat and I would make a great couple.
We ended up talking into the afternoon, and with some help from our ever present entourage, were able to get into the party room at a nearby pub without too much fuss for a late lunch. Kat taught me how to eat burgers with a knife and fork, which was interesting, as were the sweet potato fries covered in caramel sauce. The conversation even moreso.
As a thirteen and fourteen year old, Kat had been a relatively successful model, travelling around Eastern Europe and Russia with several popular brands. By sixteen the work was slowing down -- her figure had filled out too much. Her eighteenth birthday brought a new opportunity to support her family back in Romania and she took it. Kat's pornography career in Paris lasted six weeks and resulted in an STD that left her unable to have children; her time as an escort was longer, about three years, during which she earned enough to put all four sisters through school and buy her mother's house.
"I'm sorry, Kat."
"It was a long time ago," she said easily, "and I don't regret it."
"But what about kids?"
She shook her head, her expression neutral. "I don't think I would be a good mother. I have nine nephews and nieces, and that is enough for me."
I smiled and sat back in my chair, but it felt like I'd been punched in the gut. How could we have gotten this far and be so different on a fundamental issue?
The rest of our meal passed in a blur and I'm certain Kat noticed, because conversation trailed off toward the end. I wanted to be better for her in the moment, but images of tossing a ball with my son or learning how to braid my daughter's hair kept flashing in front of me. I apologized as we left and went on a long soliloquy about how I always pictured my family life: several kids, a couple dogs, a few acres to play on, and a caring wife to keep me honest. She didn't say much, but she snuggled in close under my arm while I described the pictures in my head -- I probably talked for an hour as we meandered along.
Kat stopped me in front of the apartment building. "I will think about what you told me and we can discuss tomorrow. Okay?"
"Of course," I replied, pulling her tight to me, "but this isn't just about what I want."
"Yes, but it is very important to you -- that is clear. We should forget about serious things for now and enjoy ourselves."
I looked at her and narrowed my eyes. "What did you have in mind?"
Her mouth turned up in a ridiculously sexy way. "I heard what Amy said about me pleasuring her. Maybe you will let me teach you some things.

~ ~ ~

"Are you sure this is a good idea?" I asked the room.
Rather than say anything, Mandy dropped her shorts and hopped on my bed -- she didn't have the natural grace that Kat possessed, but at the moment it didn't matter.
Merci looked at Stephanie, blushed, then pushed her bottoms down and situated herself next to Red.
"I'll just watch," Steph said uncertainly, moving around to the other side of the bed.
"Kat, I don't know what to do."
"I am sure you have some idea," she retorted, crossing her arms and cocking her hip.
I glanced at Stephanie, who was no help, then knelt between Mandy's legs. "Go slow," she instructed. "Start with my thighs, then work your way up." She then gave me a quick anatomy lesson, finishing with, "and I like really, really light licks on my clit. Tease me until I start cumming, then get more forceful."
As I leaned forward, feeling much less confident than Red apparently did, she laid her head back and closed her eyes; she was trying to be calm, but I could see her chest rising and falling rapidly. I leaned in and smelled her beautiful pussy, which was covered by a nest of reddish brown curls, spread at the moment to offer a look at pale pink lips. I breathed out hot air and she shuddered, her head popping up in surprise. I grinned, so she grinned back, then laid down again.
She had told me to start with her thighs, but the sight in front of me was more interesting, so I started nosing around gently. I accidentally nudged her clit and she took a deep intake of breath, then let it out shakily. I extended my tongue and touched the pink nubbin as gently as I could.
Tiny, itty bitty little flicks had her breath catching more. I chanced a long, slow lick and it didn't get the same response.
"Don't just play with her pussy," Kat whispered in my ear. "Tease her other places, too." She leaned forward and planted a light kiss on the inside of Red's thigh, punctuating it with a little nip from her teeth, which earned a deep moan. Merci, who had rolled onto her side and was watching, joined in with long, sensual strokes up and down Mandy's arm and shoulder. Deciding I could add to the fun, I reached around Red's legs and started caressing the backs of her thighs, then leaned in again to resume playing with my tongue and lips.
After a couple minutes of experimentation, Mandy's hips started gently pumping on their own, pushing upward a little at first, then higher as her pleasure built. I tried to stay with her, but she started to buck and it was getting more difficult, so I flattened my tongue and began taking big swipes at her -- the combination of sensations must have worked, because her volume rapidly increased.
We continued for a short while until Red's cries reached a peak, then she was calling out, "Now!" over and over again. Taking a chance, I grabbed her still frantic hips and pinned them to the bed, then sucked her clit into my mouth, using my tongue to swirl it around gently between my lips. Mandy's legs clamped around my head harder than I would have believed possible as she climaxed, her hips fighting to break free of my grip the entire time. I kept going until she pushed hard on my head, then watched her legs flop apart helplessly with no small amount of satisfaction.
Mandy was flushed down to her navel, the beautiful red curls matted against her skin. "I can't believe that was your first time," she managed, her throat hoarse.
I smiled up at her, then turned my attention to Merci, who had given up waiting for me and was slowly tracing a finger around her puffy sex. Locking eyes, she smiled warmly. "Hello, Kai." It was an invitation and I stood immediately. She didn't seem surprised as I leaned over and kissed her; apparently deciding I'd learned enough about oral sex for the night, she took hold of my cock and began sliding the head up and down her slit. A couple light tugs to make her desire known and I was pushing forward, slowly spearing into her.
Sex with Merci was sweet and warm, somehow made better by the softness of her body. Her large breasts pushed into my chest and her generous thighs felt amazing against my own as we rocked back and forth, kissing the entire time. "Just like this," she whispered into my ear when our mouths finally broke apart, "then spill in my cunny."
I remember the heat that passed through me and my pace picked up for several thrusts until I got under control again; Merci's shudder made it clear I'd inadvertently done something right, so I tried again. A little faster didn't seem to matter to her, but when I started pulling nearly out, then pushing forward until we met, she let out a cute little, "Oh," and I knew what she wanted.
Long and slow I could do, and Merci reacted beautifully, so responsive to my motions. When she started moving her hips to meet me, I pinned her to the bed without breaking my rhythm; for good measure, I took hold of her wrists and pulled them above her head. I could feel her straining above and below, but she had no chance, and the sudden loss of control caused her breath to catch again. "Kai," she gasped, her eyes wide. "Kai."
Hoping I'd read her correctly, I pumped into her hard, a vicious thrust that forced the air from her lungs, then waited. "Kai."
Then I was kissing her hard, stealing her breath. I backed off for a moment and she gasped, then started ramming her as fast as I could. I caught her by surprised again, and since she was unable to move, she could only lay there and take my thrusts. "Kai--"
I cut off whatever she was going to say with another fierce kiss, letting go of her wrists and rising to my knees, then putting every bit of my athleticism into fucking her as thoroughly as my limited experience would allow. In and out I moved, focusing on the sensation, feeling my orgasm start to boil.
She bit my lip hard, forcing me to back off, then let out a banshee wail as she came on my still pumping dick, her legs akimbo and shaking wildly. Still I fucked into her, only dimly aware of her nails on my ribs. With a desperate groan I met her demand, pushing my cum as deep into her spasming pussy as I could, my own body shaking with the release.
I blacked out a little, probably from failing to breathe, and came back to myself with my penis still inside her. I started moving again, loving the extra lubrication.
"Not again, you brute," Merci said tiredly, rubbing a thumb affectionately across my cheek. "If you're still horny, you'll have to find another hole." I laughed and she gave me a smile that sent a ripple of heat through me. I pulled out gently, amazed at the amount of fluid that came with my dick. Her comment caught hold and I placed my penis at her sphincter, grinning up at her like I was clever. "Be gentle," she said, closing her eyes; beneath me, I felt her entire body relax.
With my bluff called, I wasn't sure what to do, so I delegated decision making to my second brain.
The pop of my cockhead through her anal ring is a sensation I will never forget, especially because it was accompanied by a smile from Merci. I was too afraid to hurt her, given my lack of knowledge regarding most sexual matters, so I stroked myself with just the tip inside, eventually leaving a second spend inside my busty Brit.
As I pulled out, I happened to meet Stephanie's gaze; in a moment she was there, kissing me possessively, her hands tangled in my hair. "Rest up, because next time it's my turn."

~ ~ ~

After our debauched late afternoon session, it seemed all of us were content with a low key evening. Too bad it didn't turn out that way.
I figured a simple pasta dish with a light sauce and plenty of vegetables would be a good fit for our group, being reasonably healthy, if a bit heavy on carbs, and wouldn't necessitate too much concentration from my addled mind. Mandy offered to help, so I set her to slicing zucchini and squash while I did the rest of themise en place. I was not aware she had never handled a santoku before; she was not aware of the claw grip.
The veggie slipped, she gasped, then she called my name in panic.
I had just applied a dish towel to her effusively bleeding finger when the show's on-call paramedics arrived from wherever it was they hung out when we weren't injuring ourselves. The professionals took over and I was left feeling helpless while Merci and Kat looked on. As Mandy was ushered quickly out the door, I made to follow, only to be intercepted by a concerned looking Gloria, flanked by Stephanie.
"You need to stay here, Kai."
"Like fun," I rebutted. "I need to make sure she's okay."
"She'll be fine," soothed Gloria. "A few stitches and some antibiotics will fix her up."
"Says who?"
"Ronnie -- he's the taller EMT."
"Oh." I felt like a jackass. I also felt guilty, which both of the women could read easily.
"Not your fault, Kai," Stephanie added. "Accidents happen."
I rolled my eyes, frustrated, but knew she was right, so I spun around to examine the kitchen. It was a mess of vegetables, blood, and two broken plates that had been knocked to the floor in the commotion. I no longer felt like making dinner. "Eat out?"
"You already did," replied Kat unhelpfully from across the room, so I shot her a snarky look over my shoulder that she easily brushed aside with a grin.
"Sounds good," Merci offered. I nodded and turned back to the task in front of me. A hand took hold of my elbow.
"I'll take care of it, Kai."
"That's not fair, Gloria. I'm not going to let you clean up our mess. Besides, you're dressed too nice to be crawling around on the floor."
She laughed like I'd said something clever, or perhaps stupid, and gave my arm an extra squeeze. "Not me, Kai, the production assistants. Besides, we have health and safety protocols we have to follow and you're not trained to deal with blood."
"Seriously?"
"They're not my rules," she said with a chuckle. "So, still feel like pasta?"
Giving up the argument, I shook my head. "Absolutely not."

~ ~ ~

We drove to the restaurant, partly because we were collectively feeling worn out, and partly to minimize the attention a walk through the city would bring. The ride was quiet, though not what I would call subdued. It was more that we were starting to get comfortable with one another and the weird dynamics of the situation. I spent the time thinking through the day, and when we arrived at our destination, my appetite had completely disappeared.
Kat had lied.
Not to me directly, so far as I knew, but on the questionnaires. It was the only possible explanation for how we could have such different ideas about children. In the ten thousand questions I'd answered, several hundred involved family; I knew it had to be the same for her in all the various rounds of culling.
Then I thought back to her cocky smirk as she looked at me that first night when she'd figured out the The Plan when none of the other ladies had; gaming the survey wasn't really so different. The thing that had me stumped was how she could possibly have known what responses to pick.
Even more troubling was that I felt glad she'd done it, because the two of us were so compatible.
Or maybe not.
What if I was just assuming we were good together -- is that why she'd been so aggressive?
I was pretty quiet through the meal while the ladies chatted about nothing in particular, pulling me into the discussion from time to time, but largely giving me space; I assume they thought I was still shaken up over Mandy. For the record, given my choice, I would have gone with her to the hospital.
"You okay, Kai?" Merci asked as we rode back to the apartment building.
I nodded and smiled, despite still feeling unsettled. I did my best to be a little more upbeat those last few minutes of the drive and felt much better when we arrived; I was with three amazing women, after all.
As we stepped up to the elevator, I paused and looked to Kat, then Merci. "I'd like to ride up with Steph, if that's okay." Both were surprised, but neither looked hurt; Kat actually gave my to-be elevator buddy an appraising look. As the door closed, I waved sheepishly to the two staying behind, then quickly reached around Night William's back to hit the button on his belt; he and Stephanie both looked shocked.
"I need to have a conversation with you and Gloria tonight, off-air. It's not anything dangerous, but it is really important." Stephanie seemed to understand immediately, despite looking justifiably concerned.
"Will."
He nodded to her and pulled out his phone; he was still texting rapidly with one hand when the elevator arrived. My plan in motion, I let out a relieved sigh and pulled Stephanie out after me, a bit at a loss for what to do. She saw my indecision and decided to act, pulling me down the hallway.
No, we didn't make love -- I wasn't in the right frame of mind and Steph could tell. We did enjoy ourselves, touching lightly and kissing softly underneath the covers on my oversized bed until we fell asleep.

~ ~ ~

"This better be important, Kai."
Gloria didn't seem mad, but it was clear she wanted to make sure I knew how serious going off-line was, even though it was less than a minute during the elevator ride. For the moment, the show was still plowing forward, following Stephanie back to her apartment in a combination walk of shame / victory lap; the others migrated there shortly after for a group debriefing.
"Kat shouldn't be here."
"What?"
I explained my suspicions as succinctly as I could. While talking it through, I started to have doubts; Gloria could tell and tapped my leg reassuringly.
"This is bad, Kai," she said firmly, standing. "Act as normal as you can until I let you know what I find." Gloria turned to leave, then paused and came back to me. "Are you okay?"
"Not yet," I answered with a weak grin. She nodded and squeezed my shoulder, then stepped away.