The morning after my orgy with the missionaries I was sore. My pussy was sore from being fucked again and again by their big cocks, and my legs, my arms, my shoulders, even my back was tired and sore from all of the exotic positions those boys had bent me into as we screwed. "My god, what an afternoon!" I said as I rose from my bed and stretched. Then I laughed. "That sure beats being depressed about my husband's death."
I felt good. Really good. I had tried Hervé's seduction technique and it had worked. It turned out that all I had to do was ask, in the right sort of way. Of course I realized that not everyone was going to be as readily available as Alex and Andrew were. But, nonetheless, Hervé's approach had worked, and I was certain I wanted to try it again.
I didn't hear from either of the boys for two weeks, and frankly I didn't expect that I would hear from them ever again. But to my surprise one afternoon the doorbell rang, and when I opened the door there was Alex. Was he back for more, and if so where was his wingman? It turned out he wanted something different that proved to be very interesting.
We exchanged pleasantries and a brief hug that he pulled away from before I could take it any further.
"I was wondering if I could ask a favor," he said.
"Sure, what?"
"Well, my girlfriend is coming to visit next week, and she needs a place to stay."
"I didn't know you boys could have family visits during your mission?"
"Ahhh . . . We aren't supposed to, but . . ."
"I know," I said. "Don't ask me about the rules. Just ask me about what I need. Right?"
"Uhh . . . yeah," he responded with a smile. "Something like that."
"And how old is your girlfriend?" I asked. "This is Laura, right?"
"Yeah, it's Laura and she's 20."
"Do her parents know about this little visit?"
"Oh god no. They would have a fit. They don't like me. They think I'm too much like Andrew."
"Oh, so you're the good twin and Andrew is the bad twin?"
Alex grinned broadly and nodded his head. "Most people think so," he said.
"But not Laura's parents?"
"No. I guess not."
Then he went on to explain that Laura's parents thought she would be staying with her cousin in Oakland, but they wouldn't be calling to check because even though Laura and her cousin were good friends, the two groups of parents were not on speaking terms.
He launched into a description of why the two sets of parents weren't on speaking terms, "See, Laura's mother used to date her cousin's father. Then he married her sister, but he was still secretly meeting Laura's mother on the side until her father found out and then . . ."
I stopped him. "Too much information," I said (and too many pronouns, the English teacher in me thought). "I just want to be sure that she can come here, and the police won't be looking for her as a runaway or a missing person."
"Oh no problem. Laura and I have it all thought through."
That had a dubious ring to it, but I was hoping the arrangement would end up with me having another round of sex with Alex or Andrew or both of them, and besides, after everything they had told me about Laura, I kind of wanted to meet her. My lust was overcoming my good sense.
"How long will she be here?" I asked.
"Only three days."
"Okay," I said, trying to sound as reluctant as I could, which was a little hard because I kept thinking about how good the sex had been with the two brothers and hoping this would be an entry into another round with them. It's always amazing how easily lust can overcome good sense.
We spent a few minutes talking about the logistical details. When she would arrive, how she would get to my place from the Oakland airport, when Alex was going to be available to see her, and how sneaky he would have to be to get away with it.
Finally I asked, "Will Andrew be here?"
"I don't know for sure. I haven't told him."
"Oh, I see." More avenues for difficulty, I thought. Still, I wanted to meet Laura and who knew, I might wind up in a foursome with Alex, Laura, and Andrew. That thought made my pussy twitch.
Alex was beginning to fidget. He looked at his watch and said, "I have to go now. They'll be looking for me if I don't show up."
"Okay, get going," I said.
I followed him to the door and as he stepped through it, I reached out and swatted him on the fanny. He turned and looked back, "What was that for . . .?" he started to ask but stopped abruptly when he saw that I had both hands under my tits and I was holding them out to him. "Oh . . ." he said blushing. He paused for a moment and then said, "No, I really gotta go." Then he was quickly out the door, on his bike and headed off down the street.
"My, my, my," I said to myself. "This will be interesting."
* * * * * *
It was about 5:30 on the following Tuesday afternoon. I was standing at my kitchen sink looking out the window when I saw an Uber car drive up. A young lady got out and took a small carryon bag from the driver. As he drove away she stood at the curb fiddling with her cellphone, presumably to confirm the charge for the driver.
"Right on time," I said aloud (I had gotten over my depression, but not my habit of thinking aloud when by myself). "So this is Laura."
She was on the porch by the time I got to the door, but I opened it before she could ring or knock.
"You must be Laura," I said.
"Yes . . . and you're Alice?" she had a sweet soft voice. It was just lovely.
"Yes, please come in."
As she stepped through the door I was wondering just how much about me Alex had told her. I'm sure she was wondering the same thing. Alex knew a good deal about each of us that I was sure neither of us would voluntarily share with a stranger.
My first impression was that this young woman was drop dead gorgeous. Not in the movie star glamorous style. She was the girl next door. The one that makes men's heads turn wherever she goes. She was about five-five or so. Her thick, lustrous hair fell not quite to her shoulders with a soft curl. It framed her face beautifully. The color was a soft brown with shades of blonde and pale red. She had big round eyes with thick lashes and neatly shaped eyebrows that were the same shade of soft brown as her hair. Her large round eyes were . . . I guess I would call it hazel. They were almost green. Her make up was subdued but just perfect. I could see why the boys had fallen for her. She was one of those women who men fall in love with before they ever get past their first look at her face.
She was carefully dressed in a tan skirt that fell to just a bit below her knees. It wasn't tight, but it still accentuated her round soft-looking ass. What I could see of her legs below the skirt were perfect, not fashion model emaciated, but muscular and shapely all the way down to her low heels. She wore a creamy lightweight blouse that looked like it should be translucent, but wasn't (I don't know how some fabrics do that—hinting that they will let you see what's beneath, but showing nothing but perhaps shape). The blouse beautifully draped her good-sized breasts that stood high and firm on her chest. It was open at the neck, but not so far as to be anything but tasteful.
Over all the effect was gorgeous—not Marilyn Monroe gorgeous, but as close as she could get to it without slipping into the tawdry look that Hollywood uses to sell films today.
I led her into my living room and said, "Please sit down. Can I get you something to drink?"
She sat on the edge of the couch leaning forward just a bit, her knees tightly together and turned to one side. Now I could see a demure string of pearls peaking out from the opening at the neck of her blouse.
"Please," she responded to my query.
"I have iced tea, cola, and I think some lemonade," I said. Then after a pause, I added, "Or if you would like, I also have some white wine."
She pursed her lips for just a moment as she considered her response. Then as she reached her conclusion she discreetly licked her upper lip with a quick flick of her tongue. My god, I thought. Even her tongue is beautiful.
She smiled and said, "I'd like that. A glass of wine would be nice. It was a hectic flight."
As I started to the kitchen, I said, "Oh and there is a washroom down the hall on your right if you want to freshen up."
I heard, "Thank you," as I left the room.
So, I thought, as I opened a chilled bottle of wine and retrieved glasses from a cabinet in the kitchen, she looks like the good little girl her church wants her to be, but . . . maybe not. Perhaps she is just like the boys. Mmmm. I hope so, I thought, although at that point I was not at all sure what I was hoping for beyond something hot and sexy involving the boys . . . or if not the boys, maybe just with Laura. Oh that's a nasty thought I told myself as I carried the wine and glasses from the kitchen. Should I try to seduce her? Another opportunity to try Hervé's technique? But she's barely older than the kids I teach at the high school, I told myself. Still . . .
When I returned from the kitchen I set the wine and the glasses on a coffee table, poured a glass for each of us, and took a seat on the couch at the opposite end from where Laura had been sitting.
Laura returned a few moments later and resumed her seat at the end of the couch opposite me. She kicked off her shoes, picked up her wine glass, and took a long drink.
"Oh that's good," she said. "I wish we could have wine at home." She pulled her legs up and tucked them beneath her. I could see more of her thighs than before. They were as shapely as her lower legs.
"Your family doesn't drink?" I asked.
"Not permitted."
"You mean by the Church?"
She nodded.
"I got the impression from Alex and Andrew that what the rules are and what people choose to do in private may differ a good deal."
She smiled demurely. "That's true."
"But your parents don't drink?"
"So they say," she said. She took another long pull on her wine emptying the glass and leaned back pushing her breasts out toward me. They looked bigger than I had thought earlier.
"But you think your parents do things that they don't admit to?"
"Doesn't everyone?" she said with a smile. "I know they did when they were younger. That's why they aren't on speaking terms with my aunt and uncle who live in Oakland."
"Alex told me a little bit about that. It did sound like they were a bit outside the limits."
"Ha! It was way more than a bit." She paused for a moment. "May I have a little more of this wine?" she asked holding her glass out with a smile. "It's very good."
"Of course." I stood and refilled her glass. As I poured, she leaned forward letting me see more than just the pearls as I looked down the front of her blouse. I continued to lean forward, as did she, for just a bit longer than was necessary to refill the glass. She knew what I was looking at, and I knew she was enjoying it, but neither of us was going to say anything about it.
I refilled my own glass and returned to my seat at the end of the couch, pulling my legs up in the same fashion as Laura.
"Those are lovely pearls," I said.
She smiled with a look that said, I know you weren't looking at the pearls, but I'm not going to say that aloud.
"Oh, these old things. I inherited them from my grandmother." She released two buttons on her blouse and held the string out towards me briefly. One button would have done just to show me the pearls, I thought. She was leaning forward holding the pearls out for me to look at and showing me a good deal of the top of her breasts at the same time. I thought they were much prettier than the pearls.
"They're very nice," I said with deliberate ambiguity,
"My mother said I should wear them," she said, ignoring my deliberate ambiguity. "She thought I should be dressed up to travel. I don't know why. No one else does. These clothes are uncomfortable."
"Why don't you change?" I said. "Let me show you to your room."
"Oh, that sounds great." She drained off the second glass of wine and then leaned forward as she rose from the chair, giving me another good look at the top of her tits. I didn't think it was an accident. She didn't have to lean forward that far to get up. I delayed standing up myself as I enjoyed the view.
"Since when did I find a woman's tits so beautiful and sexually arousing," I asked myself. "Well, all the sex you've had with Joan might have something to do with it," I responded in silence. "You certainly enjoy her tits."
Fuck it. She's sexy and I'm horny I told myself, silencing my internal debate as I pulled my eyes from Laura's tits and stood up. I showed her to her room telling her I would take the wine out to the patio and she should meet me there.
It occurred to me that I was still wearing my teaching clothes, a knee-length cotton skirt and a loose blouse, with school-appropriate undergarments. I hustled to my room and pulled off my panties and bra and replaced the blouse with a T-shirt that made my lack of a bra obvious. As I carried a second bottle of wine (we had just about killed the first one) out to the patio, I realized I was getting quite horny. The sensation of my swinging tits rubbing against my T-shirt as I walked out of the room just made it worse. Well, actually "better." "Worse" is a word that just doesn't work in that context.
Sitting at the back porch table, having filled up both wine glasses, I was wondering how I was going to make this work. Alex was due to arrive in about an hour, as soon as he was able to escape from his mission. Was it Alex I wanted or was it Laura? Or was it both? I didn't know but I was sure I wanted to have sex with someone.
A few moments later Laura came out. Now she was dressed as I expected someone her age to dress—a T-shirt and a very short, very tight pair of denim shorts. The shorts were faded and frayed, a bit of the white pocket fabric hung beneath the bottom of the denim in the front, and her cute round ass cheeks were peeking out in the back. Like all young ladies her age she had a cell phone tucked in the hip pocket. Her boobs bounced saucily beneath a scooped neck T-shirt as she stepped down from the house.
"Bad news," she said looking disappointed. "Alex won't make it until late tonight. They are having a special evening worship session that is going to run until 10:00."
"But he is going to make it?" I said. "Right? I mean you aren't going to have to do without after flying all this way." My last comment was a bit suggestive, but I had helped kill the first bottle of wine so I was feeling a little uninhibited.
She giggled at my mildly lewd comment. "Certainly not!" she said in mock outrage. "I sure as hell didn't fly to California just for a peck on the cheek." Apparently the wine had loosened her inhibitions also.
Now it was my turn to laugh. "How long has he been gone?" I asked, meaning how long have you been doing without.
"Four weeks," she responded. She smiled for a moment and then continued, "But it hasn't been as bad as you think."
"Oh?" I asked.
"Well, we had some cousins visiting. Third or fourth cousins, I guess. It's hard to say. I come from a big extended family and I can't quite keep track of all of them. Anyway, I had a fling with one of the cousins last week."
"I see." I paused for a moment trying to decide where to go next. "Was he good?" I asked.
"Shewas very good."
"Oh, I see." Another pause. "So you're bisexual?"
"I guess so. I certainly like guys, and I seem to like girls too. My roommate says I'm just a slut."
"You seem much too nice for that," I said.
"Oh no. Even nice girls can be sluts."
Given what I had been doing since Larry died, I thought perhaps she was right. I laughed. "Yeah, you're probably right," I agreed with a chuckle.
"When I was in high school I was really prissy. I turned down all kinds of boys and more than a few grown men who wanted me. The guys in school called me the 'ice queen' in those days. Just after I graduated I came out here to visit my cousin over in Oakland. Their family was totally different from mine. That trip changed my life."
"How so?"
"I'm not sure of the right word to describe them," Laura responded. "Hedonistic? Libidonistic? Is that a word?"
"I don't think so," I said, "But I get the idea. They were horny."
"No shit," she said implying my characterization was a gross understatement.
"Tell me about them."
"When I arrived, my aunt and uncle picked me up at the airport. They looked pretty much like normal people, but as soon as we were out of the airport and on the freeway, I could see that my uncle was driving with just his left hand. He was using his right hand to stroke my aunt's leg. I was sitting behind my uncle, but I could see between the seats. He had her dress pushed up and his hand was stroking the inside of her thigh. Within a mile or so she had slouched down and put her left foot on the dashboard giving him better access to her sex. I was sitting in the back seat watching in silence, my eyes as big as saucers. I had never seen anything like their conduct."
"Wow. Had they forgotten you were there?"
"As I learned later, they didn't care what I was seeing."
"Really?"
"Oh yeah. But there was more, much more. After another mile or so, she reached across and put her hand in his lap. By the time we got off the freeway she had pulled her panties off and I could hear his fingers sliding in and out of her pussy. That's about when I heard his zipper slide down. I worked up my courage and leaned to my right so I could see what was going on. It was the first erect dick I had ever seen in my life. My aunt had her hand wrapped around his hard-on and was stroking it. She sensed my movement and looked back at me, smiling as though their conduct was normal. I couldn't resist continuing to watch her masturbating my uncle's cock."
"That must have been a shocker for an ice queen," I said. I was thinking about how I would have freaked out if that had happened to me before Larry died.
"No shit," she said. "But that's just the beginning of the story. I was shocked by what I was seeing, but to my even greater shock, I realized that I was becoming very aroused."
"You did know what that sensation was didn't you?" I asked.
" Oh yes. It wasn't that I didn't have normal impulses in high school. I just repressed them."
"What happened next?"
"When we pulled up to their house in the Oakland hills my aunt and uncle buttoned themselves back up and we walked in, with my uncle carrying my case. I was beginning to think things were going to return to normal until my cousin, who is the same age as me walked in from the back porch where she had been sunbathing. She was naked. Her parents didn't even seem to notice she had nothing on. If I'd done that at home, my mother would have had a stroke. She walked over to me and gave me a big hug and kissed me hard on the lips."
"Okay, that was probably a little different," I said.
"That was when my aunt said, 'Excuse us for a few minutes dear. Lisa can show you where your room will be.' She and my uncle walked out of the room together, with my aunt fondling my uncle's ass. Then Lisa took me to her bedroom where we stood in the closet listening to them fucking."
"And this experience was what changed you from an ice queen to a slut?" I asked.
"Well there was a lot more to it than that. I was there for a couple of weeks and I learned very quickly that the family was completely hedonistic. They rarely wore clothes around the house, and they all fucked each other every chance they got."
"You mean . . .?"
"Absolutely—my uncle and my cousin; my cousin and my aunt; my aunt and uncle; all three together; and before the first week was out, me with any or all three of them."
"But that's incest isn't it?"
"Probably."
"Probably?"
"It's not clear that my cousin was really my uncle's daughter."
"So who was her father?"
"Well it might have been my father. I don't think the family is really clear on who sired whom, if you know what I mean. Nine months before my cousin and I were born they were screwing around a lot."
"Is it possible that he was your biological father?"
"I s'pose. I never really thought much about that possibility."
"So when you were 18 you came to California and had sex for two weeks with your aunt, your uncle, and your first cousin, who might have been your sister and father and aunt, or something like that?"
"Yes. Oh and there were a few other people who seemed to drop by from time to time. I think they were all shirttail relatives from the California branch of my family."
"And you had sex with them too?"
"Most of them, I think. I didn't keep a black book with a list of who I fucked."
"Wow." I was speechless. I mean I'd read porn fiction about people who lived like that, but I had never really met someone who had done it.
"After I got back home, I started running around—a lot. In California I had discovered that I just loved sex, and I wasn't about to give it up just because I was back home. I started saying yes to all those people who had been trying to seduce me for the last couple of years."
I was staring at her in silence.
"I know, I know," she said. "When you are seduced by your uncle you are supposed to be really screwed up and have a lot of problems and I s'pose some people do. But all it did to me was make me horny. I had discovered sex and I wanted more of it. So I kept it up when I got home, but I had to be a little careful about it. It wasn't like my aunt and uncle's place where sex was totally accepted. I couldn't be screwing Alex and Andrew in my parent's house unless I was sure they were going to be away for a while. I did a lot of fucking in the back seat of cars for the next few weeks. Fortunately, we all went off to college in the fall. Sex is no problem when you are in college."
"And women?" I asked.
"Oh my California experience included plenty of sex with my aunt and my cousin Lisa. I love sex with either men or women. I really wouldn't want to do without either one."
"Wow. That's quite a story," was all I could say. I was getting redundant.
"So what about you?" she asked. "You must have tried almost everything by now. What turns you on?" Her comment made me feel old.
I laughed and then took a big drink of wine. "Well," I said, "my sex life got off to a much slower start than yours. I did nothing in high school and not much more in college. Then I was married for several years to a man I just dearly loved, but I have to admit that our sex life was next to nothing. He just didn't seem interested, and I was so naïve, I thought that was the way things were supposed to be. He died in a car wreck about a year and a half ago. At first I was devastated and I went into a deep depression. For almost six months I could barely get myself to leave the house and go to work."
"Oh how awful," she said, her big eyes almost brimming with tears.
"Wait," I said. "My story is almost as strange as yours. About six months after he died I discovered that he had a huge porn collection on his computer."
"Oh wow!" She looked at me in silence trying to process what I'd said. Then, like everyone else I told this story too, she said, "But why? I mean if he didn't like sex?"
"Damned if I know, but the interesting part is how I reacted to his porn collection. At first I was outraged. But then I discovered I really enjoyed it. In fact I became obsessed with it. I couldn't wait to get home and explore his porn collection while I masturbated furiously. Somehow or other, the depression just went away while I was doing that. It's hard to believe obsessive masturbation would cure depression, but I really believe it did," I said.
"What?" she asked not believing what she'd heard.
"I know. It sounds crazy, but it worked. The more time I spent watching Larry's porn and masturbating, the better I felt. Since then I've branched out. There's more to a sex life than just watching porn."
"How?" she asked. "Er, . . . I mean how did you branch out?"
"Well, I found I like to be naked, just in the house at first but then in the back yard, and I found I like going places with no underwear on. I guess I'm an exhibitionist. I don't know. But it's fun. Have you ever tried it?"
"You mean like this?" she pulled up her T-shirt and flashed her tits at me. I only got a brief look but I felt this urge to jump across the table and suck on her nipples. When the T-shirt fell back into place I could see that her nipples were making little tents in the shirt. Was she as aroused as me?
"Yes," I said as I pulled my T-shirt up exposing my own naked tits.
Instead of dropping it back down, I pulled it over my head and tossed it to the side. Laura stared in silence and briefly licked her lips.
"What else did you do?"
"Ah . . . I watched my neighbors fucking in their back yard." As I spoke I nodded my head towards the fence I had been looking over when I watched them.
"Oh wow! I've never watched anyone else have sex. Well, except everyone in my uncle's house. Was it hot?"
"Yes," I said.
"What else?"
"I've been having an affair with my best friend for several months now. Recently we added her husband, so sometimes it's the three of us and sometimes it's just me and one or the other of them."
"So you like women too?"
"Seem to."
"And men?"
"Oh yeah. And then there were a couple of young missionaries who came calling a few weeks ago."
"You mean Alex and Andrew?"
I was silent for a minute. This could be touchy. If Alex hadn't told her, she might blow up.
"Yes."
She smiled, "Oh those naughty boys. Fucking a Gentile."
"A Gentile?"
"Someone outside our church. Were not supposed to do that."
"I thought you weren't supposed to fuck people other than your spouse? And your aunt, uncle and cousins? How does that work with the Church?"
She smiled. "Well, we're not, but if we must, it's best to keep it in house so to speak. And then again, rules relating to sex were made to be broken. That's what Alex says."
"So you're not upset? I mean about me having sex with Alex and Andrew?"
"How could I be? I was probably fucking my cousin about the same time. Let me explain. Alex and I are going to get married, and when we're married we are going to raise a passel of children, and we will be good straight-laced church members just like my parents and his, but before we get married . . . well, we have both decided we are going to play around, a lot."
"And Andrew? Where does he fit into this plan?"
"He fits very well. In fact sometimes I have trouble telling which one of them I'm fucking." She laughed at her own joke.
"I had a similar problem," I responded. "But what about after you're married?"
"Oh no. Once we're married we'll be on the straight and narrow. Andrew will just have to find someone else. Which won't really be very hard for him." She was silent for a moment.
"This conversation is making me very horny, or maybe it's your tits. They're very sexy," she said as she starred at me. After another long silence she pulled her T-shirt over her head so now we were both sitting half naked on my back porch.
"Can anyone see us?" she asked. She was fondling her tits as she spoke.
"I don't think," so I said. "Does that matter to you?"
"Yes," she said with a hiss as she pulled on her nipples. "I like the idea that someone might be watching us."
"I'm watching you."
"I know," she responded, speaking softly. She licked her lips.
I held my tits out towards her. "Would you like to suck on these?" I asked.
"Yes," she responded in a low-pitched gasp as she pinched her nipples.
"Is there anything else you would like to do?" I was still holding my tits out towards Laura, but now I was massaging my nipples between a thumb and forefinger.
"Yes. . . . I want to watch you masturbate."
"Have you ever watched a woman masturbate before?" As I spoke, I moved my chair so it was along side the table and then put one leg up on the table. It pushed my skirt up and I tugged it a bit further so my naked pussy was fully exposed to Laura.
"Just in porn videos, but that's not the same as the real thing, is it?"
"No it's not," I said. "It's so much nastier when you're masturbating as you watch someone you know doing it at the same time. It's like everything your mother ever told you not to do."
"That's a long list," she said with a chuckle.
I had two fingers sliding between my pussy lips now. I was very wet. "But, if we are going to do this," I continued, "You need to take your shorts off and put your leg up like mine so I can watch you."
"Okay." She stood just long enough to push her shorts down. Then she was sitting naked in a chair opposite me with her leg on the table alongside mine. It felt warm and soft where our calves were touching.
She had two fingers in her cunt now moving slowly in and out. Her pussy was, as I expected, beautiful. It was also cleanly shaved. She wasn't fucking herself hard, just slowly, languorously sliding her fingers in and out.
We stared at each other in silence for a long time, our eyes jumping from scanning the other's lewdly displayed naked body, to an intense focus on the other's masturbation, to periodic riveting eye contact.
It was her eyes, I decided, that were the key to her attractiveness. Her eyes, large and round, with a color that changed with the light, almost green, then hazel, and then in some light nearly grey. But it wasn't the color or the shape. It was the way she used them, looking directly at me, holding my gaze as long as she wanted. Yes, she had a nice shape, perhaps a bit curvy, but nonetheless voluptuous. Still, lots of women had that seductive figure. But with Laura, it was her eyes that were reeling me in. I wanted to watch those eyes as I pushed her over the edge into a climax.
"Your pussy is shaved," I said.
"Yes," she said, the corners of her mouth turning up in a lascivious mini-smile. "There's a small group of us in the house who shave for our boyfriends. There is no place in our little college town to get it done, so we shave each other. Alex really likes it, especially when he eats me."
Do you have sex with any of those girls when you shave each other?"
"Sometimes," she said with a smile.
"What about Andrew? Does he like your naked pussy?""
"It's hard to tell about Andrew. I think he just likes to fuck. . . . Oh, and to have me suck his cock. That's why I like Alex better. He likes to do a lot more things than Andrew, and he likes to tell me what he likes."
I had two fingers in my cunt now, just slowly stroking like Laura was doing. I let them press on my G-spot occasionally and gasped with the electric shot it sent through me. "So he likes to talk dirty?" I asked.
"Alex does. He's just filthy sometimes," she said. "But not Andrew. He just just grunts and groans as he pounds away at your pussy or as he squirts buckets of cum down your throat or onto your face and chest. Don't get me wrong. He has a great cock and it feels really good, but he's just not creative like Alex."
I chuckled, remembering how the boys had coated my chest with their hot slippery cum within half an hour after I had invited them into the house.
"You're smiling?" she said, cocking her head inquisitively to one side.
"Oh, it was nothing. Just something I remembered."
"Did Andrew spray his cum all over you, that nasty boy?" She was playing with her tits now, holding them up towards me and pinching the nipples with her fingertips.
"Actually, it was both of them. They coated my tits with cum."
"How nasty," Laura said. She did that thing again with her eyes that just locked me into eye contact with her. I couldn't pull my eyes away. There was a long silence while we stared and slowly fondled our tits and stroked our sex.
"Let's go inside," she said.
"To?" I asked.
"I want to suck on your tits," she said, her voice dropping an octave.
"These?" I said as I held my tits out to her.
"Yes," she hissed.
"Okay." I stood and walked towards the house. As I passed her I let my hand slide up her leg and then across her pussy. Not hard at all. Just a slow soft sensuous drag of my finger tips. When I reached the door, I stood naked and looking back at Laura who had risen from her chair and was facing me. I slid two fingers of the hand that had dragged between her pussy lips into my mouth and slowly and languorously sucked her pussy juices off of them.
"Mmm," I said. "I want some more of that."
Laura walked up to me and put her arms around my neck. Then she pulled me down to her level and kissed me. It was a long sensuous kiss. Her lips were soft and her tongue invaded my mouth and dueled with my tongue as I responded in kind. While we kissed I was using my hands to fondle her tits.
Eventually I broke the kiss and said, "Let's go to my bedroom. We can do much more on my bed. Besides," I lied, "if my teenage neighbor sees us, he will be jacking off all night."
My little fib didn't faze her. "Hmm," she smiled up at me. "I would like to watch that."
"I know something you will like more." I turned away and led Laura into the house.
In the bedroom we stood on opposite sides of the bed. I wanted to take charge and do things my way, but her eyes were pulling me in. I stood just staring at her. I never knew that simple eye contact could be so erotic. Her eye color was grey in the subdued light of the bedroom. All I could think of as I stared into her eyes was how unbelievably beautiful and sexy I found her. At that moment I wanted Laura as I had never wanted anyone before.
"Well?" she said, breaking the spell.
"Lie down on the bed on your back and spread your legs. I want to fuck you."
In response she silently dropped onto the bed and spread her legs. She had a look on her face that said, "I'm a slut. Take me." So I did.
I dropped to my knees between her legs taking a long slow look at her pussy. I resisted the temptation to jump right into her pussy. Instead I sat back on my haunches and then pulled her hips toward me so she was lying on her back with her hips in my lap and her legs splayed to either side of me. Her sex was spread out before me like the most delicious piece of pie I'd ever seen. I couldn't wait to taste it. Laura was looking up at me with her big round eyes waiting to see what I was going to do.
I began to fondle her tits pushing and pulling them up and away from her chest and teasing each nipple with the tip of my tongue. She gasped each time my tongue made contact with her swollen nipple. Then I took a nipple between my lips and sucked on it, softly at first and then harder, eventually nibbling lightly on it with my teeth. Laura was groaning now, and I could feel her hips bucking up beneath me and pushing against me.
I shifted back and forth between her boobs, subjecting each to the same treatment.
"Oh fuck that feels good," she said. She had her hands entwined in my hair holding me against her chest and she swore and groaned as I tortured her tits.
I pulled my head up and begin to drag my fingers down her lower chest and stomach lightly stroking her soft sensuous flesh. Her tummy was a bit plump, not really fat, just not anything like the six-pack you see on a lot of men and a few women. I lifted her hips and licked her belly button and then blew in it. She shrieked in response.
Then I put that delicious piece of pie back down on my lap and began to use my fingers to explore her sex. She was dripping wet. I spread her outer lips and slowly and softly dragged a finger up and down her inner lips, starting just above her opening and stopping just short of her clit, which was peeking out from between her lips. Each time my fingers reached her clit and stopped short, she gasped.
Her hands had replaced mine on her tits now, massaging them and pulling them up and out away from her body until her fingers reached her nipples which she pulled on and twisted.
Then I pushed two fingers into her cunt and began to slowly fuck her. I twisted my fingers, pressed against her G-spot, and then pulled them in and out. As I finger-fucked her I watched her face. Her eyes had me again. They were big and round and the color had shifted again, closer to the green I thought I had seen earlier. I couldn't look away. I had thought I was in control, but as I stared into her eyes, I realized how wrong I was. I couldn't pull my eyes away. I would do anything to keep looking at her.
"Faster, Alice," she whispered. "Fuck me faster."
I picked up my pace, shoving two fingers and then three fingers into her, harder and faster with each stroke.
"Oh yes. That's it. . . . Faster. Faster and harder. Fuck me faster and harder, you slut!"
I was shocked by her language. It wasn't that I hadn't been called a slut before. Hervé and Joan did it all the time. But it was hearing it from someone as young and beautiful as Laura that shocked me, and the force with which she said it combined with the power her eyes had over me. She was daring me to look away, but I couldn't. I just kept staring and pounding at her cunt with my hand.
She was crying and whimpering now as her orgasm built. I could tell she was getting close. "Oh fuck! Fuck, fuck, fuck!" she said in a low growl. But she didn't throw her head back and forth or take her eyes off mine, and I couldn't look away.
Finally I had a thought that was independent of the control of her eyes. I reached down with the hand that wasn't finger-fucking her and I began to rub her clit with two fingers—lightly at first and then progressively harder. Finally I pinched her clit between my forefinger and thumb. That tipped her over into a climax. She screamed and I could feel the muscles in her cunt trying to crush my fingers. I just held them still, pressing against her G-spot while I watched her face. The climax did it. She closed her eyes as she was screaming out obscenities and her control over me was broken.
I let her come down from her climax just a little, until I could no longer feel her little aftershocks pressing against my fingers that were still in her cunt. Her head was tipped back, her eyes closed and her lungs gasping for breath as she recovered from her climax. Then I pushed back and let her hips drop off my lap. I stretched out lying between her legs. My legs were hanging off the end of the bed. My face was right in front of her pussy and before she could say anything coherent, I began to stroke her inner pussy lips with my tongue, just softly nicking her clit at the top of each stroke.
"Oh god, No. No. I can't take any more," she cried out.
"Oh yes you can, you bitch!" I said. Now it was my turn to talk dirty. I was in control now. "You know you want more, and I'm going to give it to you!" I had two fingers in her sopping cunt again. Not fucking her, but pressing against her G-spot while my tongue continued to work over the outside of her sex.
She kept saying, "No," repeating it again and again, but it became progressively softer and now she had both hands in my hair holding me in place.
"No, no, no," she whispered. Then it was, "No . . . Don't stop. No. Oh god. Please no. Please don't stop."
I flicked her clit with my tongue harder than I had been doing and she gasped. "Oh you bitch!" she said. "You nasty fucking bitch! Don't stop. Don't you ever stop! Oh fuck. That's so good. So fucking good."
I was in control now. With my face in her crotch I couldn't stare into those hypnotic eyes, so I took my time pushing her to the edge of a climax and then backing off—again and again. It was probably fifteen minutes, but who knows. I had her on the edge for a long time. Then I had another nasty thought. I began licking her clit harder and faster and I pulled my fingers out of her pussy and pushed one into her ass. Once it was in I pushed hard all the way up to my hand. She screamed and fell off the cliff into the climax she had been hanging on the edge of for so long.
That was how our evening started. She did to me everything I did to her and probably more. At some point in the evening her phone rang. It was Alex saying he couldn't come tonight but he would sneak away and be here tomorrow morning. She cooed and cried about how disappointed she was, which was an amazing performance given that I was sucking on one of her tits and had two fingers in her cunt again. Once she hung up she pushed me away and jumped between my legs to shove her marvelous talented tongue into my cunt. God, I don't know how many times she did that to me and I to her.
We kept it up until we finally both collapsed from exhaustion.
When I woke the next morning, there was a note, "Gone to meet Alex. Back later.Love, Laura."
It was late and I had to teach, I scrambled into my clothes and hurried off to school to teach remedial English to a bunch of kids who had no interest in anything but sex as far as I could tell, and after my night with Laura I understood their attitude. I wasn't interested in English either.
Laura hung around for three more nights. Each day she disappeared early to rendezvous someplace with Alex, but her nights were mine and the sex was fabulous. On the last morning I awoke to find her still nestled beside me in bed. We showered together. I made her cum one more time. Then we went out to breakfast, and I took her to the airport for her flight home. I retrieved her bag from the trunk of the car at the terminal and set it down next to her. I intended to give her a little peck on the cheek, but she turned her head and kissed me hard on the mouth. The kiss went on for a long time, our tongues dueling lasciviously. I could feel her rubbing her tits against my chest. We finally had to stop when a driver locked in behind us lost his patience and blew his horn.
"Will you be back?" I asked as we stepped out of the cranky gentleman's way.
"Maybe," she said with a smile and then she was gone through the doors of the terminal.
As I drove home I reflected on how far I had come since Larry's death. Not only had I conquered my depression, but I had made a good start on developing a taste for sex. There were more things I wanted to explore, but all in good time.
Author's Epilogue
This concludes our tale of Alice, her recovery from depression, and her sexual development, at least for now. Undoubtedly there is more I could write of her and perhaps I will in the future, but for now this is enough. I have other characters and issues to explore.