Carnival Capers
Our young son was a member of the local junior soccer club where we had lots of friends and acquaintances. From time to time they would hold a carnival with soccer games between surrounding junior soccer clubs followed by various fun games which the parents were encouraged to participate after which a BBQ and drinks would finish the day off.
These carnivals were usually held either at the beginning or end of the soccer season which would normally ensure better weather. One such carnival was pending but on the morning of the carnival my wife Helen woke with a migraine. She had been suffering the previous few days with hay fever for which she had been taking anti-histamines together with a cough mixture for a chesty cough. I put these aliments down to the probable cause of the migraine. She took a couple of strong painkillers hoping to ease the migraine so she could attend the carnival. An hour later the migraine had eased only slightly. Against my advice she took another couple of even stronger painkillers. I was concerned about her taking all this medication at the same time. She surprised me half an hour later to say the migraine had gone and that she felt wonderful!
We readied for the carnival and as I loaded the car she went to the bedroom to get dressed. She surprised me when she came out. She was dressed in quite a short and light dress. It was the height of summer so although it was appropriate, it was out of character for her to dress like this. I hadn't even seen this dress before. It was so light I thought I could almost see through it. When she passed a backlit window I could indeed see the outline of her legs and figure. "It's a bit short to what you would normally wear." I said.
"It's going to be quite warm today so I thought it would help me to keep cool."
"It's not going to help me keep cool, you look ravishing. How about a quick ravish before we go?"
"Promises promises" she said. "Maybe later after we get back."
Our son had been picked up by the parents of one of his team mates earlier and we would see him there. He was also to be taken home to their place after the carnival for a sleep-over, so we didn't have to worry about him.
We set off shortly after with her in a really bubbly mood, arriving at the club grounds well in time to see the soccer games. As we arrived she was rummaging through her purse for something as I got out. Before I opened the boot to get our picnic and drinks out I walked around to the passenger door and ever the gentleman, I opened the door for her to get out. She finished rummaging in her purse and swung her left leg out and slid forward to exit giving me a clear view of her crotch with her legs wide open.
"Crikey what a view." I gasped
"It's nothing you haven't seen before." she said all the while leaving her legs open.
"Yes, but not something everyone else has seen before!"
"Don't worry, there's no one in the car park but us and a few empty cars."
Just at that another car pulled into the car park.
"Quick, a car has just turned in."
She didn't move, just sat there with her legs even wider apart. "I might wait a while." she teased, before climbing out and straightening her dress as the car drew alongside her side of the car. She smiled wickedly at me. I couldn't believe what she was doing. She had never acted this way before. She was never a prude but she was never an exhibitionist by any stretch of the imagination either. The people in the car were friends of ours, Jenny and Phil, and she greeted them warmly with a hug. I noticed when they hugged her; it made the back of her short dress ride up to just below her panties.
We picked out a spot and took our chairs and esky full of drinks and picnic items over and set ourselves up for the day. The day was very enjoyable, watching the kids play their games and the occasional alcoholic drink. The soccer matches came to an end and the fun games began. All the usual stuff -- three legged race, sack race, and 50m sprint all including parents taking part. The men's attention peaked during the sack race watching the women's boobs bounce up and down as they went, my wife included as she was reasonably well endowed. She caused a bit of a stir and extra attention from some of the fathers as, during the three legged race with our son they fell flat on their faces and her dress flew up over her butt revealing her lacy white panties. She didn't appear phased or embarrassed at all.
The greatest spectacle happened during the water balloon competition. It involved throwing a water filled balloon between two people in ever greater distances until they were disqualified either by dropping or bursting the balloon.
I was still approaching the starting line of the event when Phil said to my wife "Come on Helen, lets partner up for this."
I knew exactly what he was hoping for and I stood on watching from behind as the game unfolded. One pair was out on the first throw and a few more exited as the distance increased. They were up to about six metres when my wife was the receiver. The balloon sailed high and long and Helen reached up to catch it. Her long nailed fingers grasped the balloon too sharply and it burst against her chest drenching her.
I think Phil had picked a particularly large balloon to get the maximum effect. Her arms went out and back in apparent shock as she looked down at her drenching. The pale blue dress had become see-through! Not only her dress was see through, she was wearing a flimsy white bra which did nothing to hide her breasts and clearly defined dark nipples. She stood there for what seemed a long time. I was looking at my wife almost naked in public.
Phil didn't take his eyes off her for even a millisecond. I walked over to her and we started walking back to our car. She made no attempt to cover her breasts with her arms and even I couldn't stop looking. I was beginning to get a boner on! Men and women stared as we walked past them.
We got in the car and she said that corny old phrase "Is that a gun in your pocket or are you just please to see me?"
My boner was obvious. She grabbed my cock and squeezed. "Let's go home and you can change" I said but meant "let's go home and fuck."
"You have a sweatshirt in the boot. I can wear that until my things dry out. I can sit in the car for a while until they do. Will you go and get me a drink out of the esky?"
I got out and went to the boot for my sweatshirt. While I was doing that she had got out of the car and was pulling her dress over her head.
"What are you doing?"
"There's no one around"
With that she reached behind her and undid the clasp of her bra removing it and standing there in just her panties. "Do you think I need to dry my panties?"She giggled.
I quickly handed her the sweatshirt which she put on before getting back in the car. "Will you get me that drink now?"
"I can't. I still have that boner sticking out the top of my pants."
"I'll take care of it." With that she reached over and undid my pants, took out my cock and began wanking it. "Keep an eye open for people."
After a short time she said "This is taking too long." With that she bent over and engulfed my cock with her mouth.
Blow jobs were few and far between for me. I didn't understand what was going on but I wasn't complaining. It didn't take long for me to cum and when I did, she took it all down her throat.
"How about that drink now?"
I went and got her a drink. As I went I tried to make sense of her abnormally outrageous behaviour. The only thing I could put it down to was the combination of medication she had taken this morning, some of which we had picked up in Bali, notorious for the chemist supplied medications. When I got back her dress was on the roof, and her bra and her panties were on the bonnet.
"They should dry quicker laid on the hot metal" she explained. She reclined her seat and pulled up the sweatshirt. "What do you think darling?"
"I think Phil would cum in his pants if he could see you now. I think he engineered the whole balloon bursting thing just to see you in a wet dress."
"Of course he did darling. I knew that before we started the game.
"Did you burst it on purpose?"I asked.
"Yes of course. I wanted to give him a thrill, that also why I stood stock still for a couple of seconds afterwards. I think you got a massive sexual thrill out of it as well?
"I can't deny it."
After we finished our drinks we checked her clothes to see if they were dry. They were, and I am sure that if there wasn't anyone around she would have repeated the earlier display. "I will take my clothes and dress in the ladies toilet in the clubrooms."
By this time the afternoon was coming to an end so I went to the bar to order us a couple of drinks and secure a table in the clubrooms to order dinner. While I was ordering I began to think again of the day's events and what had triggered them. It could only be the combination of medications she had taken, and I tried to think what she had taken. If I wanted a repeat of a similar behaviour from her, I had to remember what she had taken. I would ask her later if there was anything else she had taken.
As I sat sipping on a beer Jenny and Phil came into the bar and Phil said "I wondered what had happened to you. Where's Helen?"
"She'll be out in a minute. I thought we might duck in here before the crowds pile in to secure a table."
"Good call. They are wrapping things up out there, so there is going to a scramble for a table very soon."
"I thought we might get a bite to eat before we head home. Are you staying for dinner too?
"Yes they replied together."
Helen walked out of the ladies, changed back into her now dry clothes. "Can you drop this sweatshirt back in the car darling?" she asked.
"I will, I was just about to collect David and bring him in for some dinner before he went to his friend's house."
I went out to drop off the sweatshirt and spotted him almost immediately. He raced over and before I could say anything he said he didn't want any dinner as his friends parents were taking them to McDonalds for a burger for dinner. I said it was OK and off he raced I waved to his friends parents and they waved back. "See you tomorrow" I called. He turned and with another wave he was gone.
When I got back in the clubrooms Helen had already ordered dinner for me and Jenny and Phil had seated themselves at our table and also ordered. I was hoping for a quick dinner and back home for a night of raunchy sex while she was (I hoped) still in the mood.
My hopes were dashed when Jenny asked if we would like to have drinks round their place after dinner.
Helen said "That would be nice. That way we can have a few more drinks and leave the car and get a cab home."
I had to admit it was probably a good idea as we had already had a few drinks today and Phil and Jenny's house was within walking distance to the club.
We finished dinner and drove the short distance to their house. Phil brought me a beer and a glass of white wine for Helen. I noticed it was a rather large glass, perhaps he was hoping for more of what happened this afternoon. We settled in next to the pool sipping our drinks. The conversation came easily. Jenny and Phil had been our friends for a long time now and I began to relax, figuring a few more drinks inside Helen might further my cause for later this evening.
Jenny suddenly said to Helen "I wish I had the foresight to dress as lightly as you, it's been an extremely hot day"
"In more ways than one" Phil said.
"You should change now it's still very warm" Helen replied.
With that Jenny disappeared.
"Why didn't you ask Jenny to partner you in the balloon game Phil?"
"I didn't know where she was, you weren't around and Helen was standing there."
"You weren't hoping for a little mishap like the one which happened?"
"You can't blame me for that; Helen is an extremely attractive woman."
"Thank you Phil. Keep the compliments coming. Isn't Jenny attractive enough for you though?
"Yes of course" Phil squirmed in his chair. Jenny was indeed very attractive, but I could appreciate any man wanting to view what had happened regardless of how attractive his wife.
"What's this about me not being attractive enough for you sweetie?"She asked Phil, joining us mid conversation.
Phil began to blurt out the story of what had happened during the balloon game.
"I know what happened" Jenny said "one of the other ladies told me all about it, and it's quite alright. I know how men's minds work. As long as you don't overstep the mark."
She had dressed similar to Helen in a very short very thin dress. "I'm sorry Richard but I don't have any water balloons." Helen and I both laughed. Phil looked very sheepish.
"Perhaps you should just wet your dress in front of Richard to give him a show. That would even the score." Helen quipped.
I wasn't sure on whose behalf the score was being evened but I was all for it.
"I am nowhere near enough drunk to find the courage to do something like that."
"Another drink my dear?"
She slapped him playfully and we all laughed. It was obvious from her smile she took his comment as approval to 'find the courage'.
As the evening wore on the mood became very carefree. I regaled them with her impromptu strip in the carpark. Jenny was wide eyed with awe. Phil squirmed some more in his seat crossing his legs to hide what I thought might be the beginnings of an erection.
"Are you getting an erection?" Jenny said to Phil.
"No, no, no "denied Phil.
"Alright, stand up".
"OK, I am getting a boner" he admitted.
"Oh you must be so embarrassed Helen, first your husband telling what you did in the carpark, then my husband admitting he had got a boner on in the telling of the tale."
"Oh no it is quite a compliment when you think about it." She said.
"I will have to think about that and try and come to terms with it."
"Has that boner gone down yet darling?" She asked Phil. "We need more drinks."
Phil looked sheepish again.
"Never mind, I'll get them." She leaned across the table to pick up my empty bottle of beer giving me a clear view of her ample cleavage.
"I think my husband just appreciated that view you gave him of your breasts"
"I did" I said. "Don't ask me to stand up." I laughed.
She picked up the empty wine bottle and wine cooler and disappeared indoors. When she returned she brought out a couple of beers and two fresh wine glasses for her and Helen, putting my beer down in front of me bending low as she did, looking at Helen for any sign of disapproval. Helen smiled. She went back in and came out with a fresh bottle of white wine in an ice filled wine cooler together with a pitcher of water. She put them down on the table and poured wine in the glasses.
"Fill your glass a bit more" Phil suggested hopefully.
"That's enough" she said. "That's all I need apart from a couple of water balloons". With that she began to pour the pitcher of iced water down her front gasping with the intense cold. "Oh my god that's fucking cold." Instantly it made her dress and flimsy white lace bra completely see through, her nipples became stiff and prominent and stuck out like the proverbial organ stops.
"Jesus" said Phil.
I could only stare dumbfounded.
"Yeah! You found your courage" cried Helen applauding.
I watched as she continued to pour the water down her front where it continued on down to her thighs clinging to her flat belly and revealing her red pubic hair. I was getting a boner!
"Consider it evening the score" Helen said. "If you look I think you will find my husband has a boner on. Stand up darling let's see!"
I had to stand to arrange my cock to stop the discomfort.
"Let me do that for you darling."Helen said. I was wearing shorts so she reached inside the waist band and pulled my cock free so it was poking out the top of my shorts." She whipped my pants down to my knees. "See the power you have over my husband Jenny? He was like this in the carpark this afternoon and I had to deal with it" Oh well, I shall have to deal with it again, unless you would like to deal with it for me?"
"Oh I couldn't. I have never done anything like that since before we were married."
"Where's your courage now sweetie" said Phil. "you have my full blessing if you want to, in fact I would like you to."
Jenny stared at her husband for a second before nodding and moved towards me. I stepped out of my pants and removed my tee shirt. She took hold of my cock with one hand in an overhand grip but not moving. Helen walked over and put her hand on Jenny's wrapping her fingers over hers and moving her hand back and forward along the length of my shaft.
"Kneel down in front of him and move your hand like this, you will find it easier."
She stood behind Jenny and said "Let's get you out of those wet things" and unfastened the buttons down the back of Jenny's dress, peeling it off revealing a very firm body. She unfastened her bra and let it fall away. Standing up again she slipped Jenny's panties down her legs so she could step out of them. "Now kneel and do it like I said."
She turned to Phil who was mesmerised. "Phil I presume you have a boner as well. Would you like me to deal with it, presuming also you have your wife's blessing?" Both Phil and Jenny could only nod their approval. "Well get your gear off then." Phil was so eager he fell over while taking his pants off and nearly fell in the pool. " Stand next to Richard so you can watch your wife wank Richard while I deal with you."
Phil stood there next to me while my wife took off her things. Teasing Phil more she said "Can you imagine me in the carpark completely naked?"
Drawing her dress over her head revealing her tight panties stretched over her mound conforming to the shape of her vagina, unfastening her flimsy bra holding the cups over her breasts while the straps fell away from her shoulders until she took the cups away revealing her perfect breasts. "Take off my panties" she ordered Phil. "Slide them down my legs." He slid them down to her knees bending at the waist. "Kneel down."He did as he was told. He then slipped them down to her ankles, where she removed one foot, placing it on his shoulder as she moved her groin within inches of his face. "Like what you see?"
It was only then I realised Jenny had stopped wanking my cock. She was completely engrossed as I was, watching my wife's antics with Phil. I could not believe how erotically she was acting seemingly to take charge of the situation with complete command.
She put her foot back on the ground, lifting the other one to allow Phil to take off her panties completely. She turned to Jenny and I and gave us a huge disarming smile. "Relax Jen, enjoy the moment." Leaning across and kissing her cheek.
"I have never seen you like this before" Jenny said.
"I have never been like this before" Helen replied. "I can't explain it, and I am not sure I want to", I only know that I am finding it an exhilarating experience and enjoying it beyond measure."
"I will follow your lead, it might make me throw my inhibitions to the wind."
She began to wank me again. I prompted her to use two hands, "There is plenty of room"
"There's enough room for three hands" she replied.
"I'll bet you would like my husband's dick between your legs Jenny"
Jenny didn't say yes but murmured a noise which sounded in the affirmative. I think she didn't want Phil to hear her wanting another man's cock.
Helen began wanking Phil's cock with great gusto. He was making lots of noises like he was close to coming.
"Be careful" Jenny said "he is liable to shoot his load right in your face"
"I think my husband might like the idea of that, but it's not going to happen, at least not yet, I have something else in mind."
Wanking away in a frenzy Phil was moaning loudly. He gave a cry and immediately Helen took his cock straight in her mouth while he obviously ejaculated again and again taking her head in his hands and pumping his cock as far in as he could.
Jenny's eyes were wide at the sight of this and true to her word took Helens lead and swallowed my cock as far as she could.
Phil was momentarily spent laid back on the pool recliner.
Helen came over alongside us and knelt down, her face alongside of Jenny's. "He really likes that Jenny you must be good at cock sucking. Let's try something else."
Helen took her by the hand and led her to another pool recliner, where she laid Jenny on her back and put one leg either side of the recliner exposing her vagina. Without warning she pushed her head between Jenny's legs and judging from the resulting sounds began to lick her pussy. Jenny moaned and squirmed when she lifted her head I saw that she had been fingering her at the same time. She still had most of her fingers buried deep in her cunt as she said to me "I think Jenny is ready for you to fuck her now. Are you ready Jen?"
"Yes"
She stood behind the pool recliner lifting Jenny's legs high and wide while I positioned myself at her pussy entrance. Helen leaned close nearly mouth to mouth and asked "Rough or gentle?"
"Rough" Jenny replied. Whereupon Helen kissed her full on the mouth in an open French kiss. At the same time I drove my cock into her pussy. She screamed but her cry was muffled by Helens open mouth kiss. I was buried about six inches deep with still a couple of inches of cock to hide away, and paused.
"OK" Helen asked.
"Yes, keep it rough but if I make too much noise muffle me again with your mouth. I don't want to the neighbours to hear."
I began pounding away. Jenny was obviously enjoying it moaning and making little yelping sounds from time to time. Helen was cupping her breasts and playing with her nipples. Jenny had very large nipples which seemed to grow bigger and bigger.
Phil had recovered somewhat and looked on while his wife was being shagged and she was responding energetically. Helen grabbed him by the cock and led him to the head of the pool recliner. "Turn her over and fuck her doggy style she ordered me. Jenny couldn't wait and turned over without any prompting, she was obviously looking forward to being fucked doggy style. Her head was now at the top of the pool recliner where Phil was waiting with his cock sticking forward. Jenny needed no urging and took Phil straight in her mouth without hesitation. "Deep throat her" she ordered Phil. He was hesitant at first his hands resting lightly on her head. "She wants it rough! Do her rough!" Phil's cock wasn't as big as mine but enough to make her gag. He was about six and a half inches long and about an inch and a quarter in diameter. He rammed it in and immediately she gagged, coughing. He withdrew to let her get her breath back, pausing. There was no need for me to pause and I continued to pump away burying the whole eight inches on each stroke. Phil started again a little more gently but a little deeper with each stroke. She grabbed his buttocks with both hands and lurched forward taking as much cock as she could, withdrawing each time to gasp for air. Again and again she did this until she got past the gag point pushing her mouth down his shaft sliding his cock down her throat. With watering eyes she looked at him before withdrawing to breathe. She pushed him away as her body began to shudder and shake from the pounding I was giving her until her orgasm was like a shuddering earthquake, and she lay there inert, spent.
"OK you two, you haven't finished yet it's my turn for a fucking" Helen said.
"Who do you want first" I asked.
"Both together. One can fuck me in the cunt while the other one deep throats me just like you did with Jenny, then I want one of you to do me anally, then the both of you to do a double pentetration, one in the arse and one in the cunt. It's a pity there are not more guys here tonight I could have had a gang bang. If you are both still going you can come on my face and give me a facial.
Even after everything that had happened I was still being surprised by her behaviour.
Jenny lay on her recliner and watched us.
Helen kneeled on the recliner with her arse in the air and her head on the raised backrest. "Come on Phil give it to me." Phil moved around behind her and positioned his dick at her entrance.
Jenny said "Can I push it in?"
"Yes" Helen said "I would like that"
"Wait I think I can do better than that. I'll only be a minute. " and she disappeared indoors, only to reappear a minute later wearing a strap on dildo. It was black and shiny about ten inches long and about two and a quarter inches in diameter. "Phil bought it to use on me but it was too big though I may be able to make it fit after tonight."
"I think I will need some lube before I can take that" Helen said.
"Like this?"She held up a tube of lube.
"Kiss me first before you shove that thing in me" she joked.
Jenny kissed her anyway full and sensuous on the mouth.
"Squeeze some of that lube on my hand," giving the tube to Helen.
Helen squeezed a large amount into Jenny's palm where she erotically coated the dildo with the lubricant paying attention to the bulbous end. Her hand was still liberally coated with the stuff and she slapped it hard against Helen's pussy, inserting her fingers. "Rough or gentle?"She asked.
"Rough" Helen smiled back.
"Open your legs"
Helen did as she was told, and Jenny roughly jabbed two fingers into her pussy.
"I am going to stretch your cunt wide with this dildo and you are going to feel it push up past your belly button. After that I may turn you over and stick it up your arse. Did you see the movie Deliverance where the hillbilly told him he was going to make the guy squeal like a pig? That's what I am going to do to you." She paused and said "I am getting carried away. The safety word is 'soccerball' if you need me to stop"
"Phil can fuck me a little first, then my husband, then you with that black dick."She resumed the kneeling position on the recliner where Phil duly entered from behind. She was already wet and lubed up and Phil slipped in without much resistance.
"My turn, my turn" I said.
"I need cock in my mouth Phil" Helen said.
I mounted her from behind and had to push a little before I got my cock into her love tunnel. I wondered how she was going to be able to take a dildo of that size. Phil was sliding his cock slowly in and out of her mouth relishing the sensation. Helen had held her arm out to Jenny who took her by the hand and was squeezing it. The bonding was apparent between them.
After a little while Jenny said "Stand back its time for this big black cock to send her to heaven."
Phil and I both stood back while Jenny took up position. "You're gonna be stretched like you've never been stretched before," positioning the bulbous end at the entrance to her vagina. "Turn her over on her back and hold her down guys, one hand each on her shoulders, and one hand behind each knee and pull her legs up and as far apart as you can. Her legs came up off the recliner until she was bent almost double with her vagina completely exposed. Jenny began pushing with her hips but the knob end refused to penetrate. Her cunt was just too tight. Jenny grabbed the dildo just behind the knob end and tried to work it in; Helen was making low hurting noises. With a combine working of the fingers and determined push the knob disappeared inside her. She made a yelp but managed to stifle the sound with a hand over her mouth.
"Wait, give me a minute" she asked Jenny, breathing hard. Jenny only waited four or five seconds before she said "no more breathing space, rough is what you asked for and rough is what you are going to get." She pushed in a couple of inches before sliding it back out to the accompaniment of Helen moaning "OHH" and "AHH" coming back out. This was done slowly and deliberately. Another stroke in of the same length of stroke brought the same "OHH" another withdrawal "AHH". This was a little quicker. There followed a further dozen insertion and withdrawals of a similar length each time stopping on the withdrawal stroke before the bulbous head was withdrawn. It was obviously becoming easier to penetrate, so much so that Jenny was adding to the length of insertion. She was patient and kept up the rhythm for some time. After about five minutes she was burying about six inches of shaft into my wife. Adding a couple of inches for the bulbous head she was now taking around eight inches of massive dildo. Surly she couldn't take more. All this time the "OHHs" and "AHHs"had not diminished. After a further five minutes of patient stroking she was ploughing around ten inches of total dido into her abused body. Jenny was banging away harder and the associated "OHH" was growing louder but not making any further increase in depth, The strokes began to quicken and the intensity of the thrust was diminishing. The moans became different interspersed with "Yes,yes"and "Oh god" together with some unintelligible sounds and noises. Suddenly she froze before shuddering through her whole body. You could see every limb shivering with a massive orgasm. She went limp.
Jenny became the one doing the ordering. "Help me lay down on my back with her on top facing down. I will keep her impaled on the dick." We picked them both up laying Jenny on her back as she asked. Helen was spiked on the black strap on dick with her legs wide apart. "Ok guys one of you stick their cock in her arse and the other one deep throat her like she asked.
"You fuck her anally Phil, I will deep throat her" I passed him the lube they had used earlier. I watched as he slicked up his cock and her butt cheeks and arse hole. I could see her vagina wrapped tightly around the black dildo forming a tightly stretched flange around it. Phil lubed her arsehole with his finger first then his thumb. She still cried out when his cock went in, but I presumed she wanted to carry on when she hadn't called out the safety word. Phil began pumping away with his cock up her arse while Jenny was slowly moving the dildo in and out. She was making little mewling sounds but sounded content.
I moved around to her head and smoothed her hair and looked her in the eye. She smiled at me and said "Let's see if I can deep throat that big cock of yours." She opened her mouth and I slipped my cock in. I pushed it in slowly until I felt it hit the back of her throat and she gave a reflex gag. My cock was a bigger diameter than Phil's and I thought that it may be a problem. I tried again and had the same result, pulling my cock out so she could breathe. "I can't deep throat you in this position, I will just give you a blow job until I can change the angle your cock is coming in. After a couple of minutes of sucking. Phil piped up with "You did say we could come on your face"
"OK. Whenever you are ready, but first I want to try again to deepthroat my husband."
We all pulled out of her various holes and she took up a position on the table with her head hanging over the end. "Alright darling let's try again" I approached and slipped my cock in pushing it gently to just before I knew she would gag. She sucked for a little while before she said. "The angle is about right, so I want you to hold my head and as soon as it hits the back of my throat push hard."
I stroked for three times and on the fourth I continued on and held her head firm while I pushed harder. Down her throat it slipped with a slight constriction. I could see the bulge of my cock moving further down her throat until the whole length of my cock was in her mouth and my balls were on her face. I held it there for a full three of four seconds before she tapped my hand and I withdrew quickly. She was gasping for breath but between gasps she said "I did it!"
"Can we come on you face now" asked Phil.
"What about my face" asked Jenny.
"OK. Do you want to go first Richard?"Phil said.
"We'll try to do it together" I said.
Helen and Jenny wanked us both at the same time sucking us between stroking and swapping cocks between them. "Whoa I am nearly there" I said
"Me too" said Phil.
"See if you can both come together" said Jenny, kneeling in front of us.
We continued to wank ourselves so we could direct the sperm where we wanted it. I was wanking quickly knowing I was only seconds from ejaculation. I grabbed the back of Jenny's head and pushed my knob close to her mouth. My cock jerked and I shot my load. It went up and past her mouth and it landed along her nose, into her eye socket and over her forehead and into her dark red hair. The second spurt went across the other side of her face and over her nostril so she blew a sperm bubble from her nose when she breathed out. The next couple of spurts were less powerful and I rested my knob end on her mouth covering her upper lip and on her tongue. Phil shot his load immediately after filling her eye socket, the side of her nose and upper lip. She put out her tongue to catch the remnants of his load. The spunk ran slowly down her face until it dripped from her chin.
We were all spent. We all had showers before we had another drink, called a cab and went home to sleep the peaceful sleep of the contented.
I still haven't found the combination of medications to repeat her highly unusual sexual behaviour but at least she seems to be more 'out there' than before. When I find the magic combination of medication I hope to write about it and post the details here.