This story is pure fiction. Any resemblance of characters or businesses to real people or companies is purely coincidental!
*****
Meagan turned on the computer to look at the bank account. Her husband Todd always took care of the finances, but since she was going to be a stay at home mom now they had decided that she could start doing them. She was easily as good with numbers as he was, and now that she had Jr. in a routine where he napped everyday she had some time to do it.
While the computer loaded she looked over at the 1 year old sleeping peacefully in his bassinet and smiled. He was such a joy. She loved spending her days with him. It was such a change from her life before. She did kind of miss working, the challenge of the position, the prestige of working with the president of the company. If she was to be honest she also missed the attention she got from all the guys in the office. They were always trying to check her out, some surreptitiously, some openly. From the young man from the mailroom trying to look down her top to the president himself watching her walk out of his office. It made her feel sexy. She had always enjoyed being noticed by men. While some girls were put off by men leering at them, Meagan liked the attention. She couldn't figure out why women put so much time and effort into looking good only to resent men who took a good look. She liked when men looked at her, and it turned her on thinking about men fantasizing about her. It was a huge turn on for her to think of men stroking their hard cocks while imagining her body naked.
Her husband Todd of course always told her she was beautiful and sexy, but he was her husband, he was supposed to feel that way. Still, it was always nice to be noticed. And she was noticeable. At 5'5" and 135 lbs she had been "built for sex" as Todd said. She had been 120 lbs prior to the baby, and she was losing some of it, she told herself. Long dark hair and big dark eyes. Nice firm C cup tits, flat belly, tight bubble ass and athletic legs, she had been turning heads as long as she could remember, and Todd seemed to get a thrill out of it. He said he loved it when other men checked her out, it confirmed his belief that she was a hottie!
She was currently closer to a D cup, and her tits and ass weren't as firm as they had been since the baby. She still had some excess around her belly and waist, her legs weren't as slender, she was no longer slim and trim and sometimes she just didn't feel very sexy like she used too. She didn't fit any of her old clothes and never, well rarely got to get dressed up to go out anyway.
Todd had been such a sweetheart about it. He'd given her money to go get some new outfits that she felt sexy in and had lined up date nights where his parents watched the baby and they could go out. But she had been worried about the baby and while she did catch some guys checking her out it just wasn't the same.
Of course Todd had still pointed out that she was turning heads, and he still told her how sexy she was. And still gave her great sex when they got home. But she kind of missed the prebaby days.
Their sex life had slacked off too. She was just too tired at night when they finally got the baby down, and Jr. never slept through the night. She found she was horniest early in the day, but of course Todd was at work. The days he was off though she made sure to jump his bones while the baby napped.
They were both 30 years old and had been married for 4 years, but had been a couple for 8. She had worked for Delaney Inc. for 3 yrs as Mr. Delaneys personal assistant.
She thought about the first time she realized that she could see Mr. Delaney in the reflection of the window of his office. She was on her way back to her desk after getting his signature on some form or other and she had glanced at the office window only to see this handsome, distinguished gentleman staring at her ass as she walked away from him. She had been wearing a new snug fitting skirt that showed off her tight ass and firm thighs and calves nicely. Especially with her heels on. Her husband Todd had said as much as she was getting ready for work that day. As a matter of fact he had pressed himself up against her from behind, pinning her to the kitchen table. She could feel the beginning of his erection as he pushed himself against her and reached around to grab her C cup tits. He nuzzled her neck and told her how sexy she looked, he asked which panties and bra she had on and offered a quickie right there on the table. She had declined his advances (at least that morning) but had felt sexy all day. Catching Mr. Delaney watching her ass had only increased those feelings. She was also aware of all the other looks she got all day, and that helped to keep her damp all day.
When she got home that day Todd had renewed his seduction as soon as he walked in the door from his job in construction. She had deftly fended him off, telling him he was filthy and would ruin the clothes he loved so much.
He had smiled and said "No problem" and started to strip off his work clothes right there in the kitchen! She had fought off the arousal she felt seeing his muscular body come into view as each piece of clothing came off until he was naked and his hard prick was pointed straight at her. She resisted the urge to drop to her knees right then and there and take that beautiful cock into her mouth. She kept him at arms length and told him he needed a shower. He finally relented after getting her to promise to keep her work clothes on until he got back. He wanted to remove them himself.
When he returned from what was probably the fastest shower in history, he was wearing only a towel, and his erection was trying to push it off!
He pulled her close and kissed her passionately while running his hands over her ass. She had been in a state of suppressed arousal all day and now just gave in to her feelings of lust. She was immediately wet and returned his kisses with a passion equal to his own. Of course he noticed her arousal and as he started to kiss her sensitive neck he'd asked if she had been hot all day. She had told him she was turned on since she felt his dick pressed against her that morning. She'd pulled his towel off and started to stroke his cock. He was so big and hard for her.
He started to unbutton her blouse and asked if all the guys at work liked her outfit?
"I guess, I don't know " she had said. But her mind flashed back to the boss watching her walk.
"I bet they all did" breathed Todd into her now exposed cleavage. As he undid the front catch on her lacey bra he told her "I bet they all wished they could undress you! And do the things I am about to do to you"
She squealed as he sucked one nipple into his mouth hard before pulling off with a pop. He pulled her blouse free from her skirt and slid it and her bra straps off her shoulders and let them fall to the floor.
He asked if Mr Delaney ever checked her out, if she thought he wanted to undress her, and kiss her all over?
She gasped out a reply about Delaney being married, but the thought of her boss, a handsome, confident, sophisticated older man doing to her what Todd was doing was now stuck in her head. Todd kneeled in front of her and continued kissing her body as his hand slipped up her legs under her skirt. His work roughend hands snagged on the silky nylon of her pantyhose. She remembered Mr. Delaneys soft hands, with his manicured nails and long fingers. She imagined they would slide smoothly across the material.
Todd was saying something about her wearing stockings and a garter belt, how she would be even sexier in that. She told him the straps would be visible in the tight skirt she had on. He replied that that would even be hotter.
As he pushed that skirt up over her flared hips he told her how much "old man Delaney" would love it. He would probably have to go into his private bathroom and jackoff.
As Todd started pulling down her pantyhose and kissing her lower belly, and hips and around her well kept pubic mound she had a vision of her boss in his bathroom, stroking what she imagined was a long slender cock and thinking about her. She shuddered at the thought and Todd thought it was from the kiss he had just placed in her inner thigh. He slipped off her heels and got her to lift her legs to remove her hose and kissed the inside of her thighs while he did and then sat back on his heels to admire the beautiful woman in front of him. Naked but for the skirt bunched up around her waist.
She was completely turned on now and felt her pussy was dripping. The total lust on Todds face as he admired her was as much a turn on as his kisses had been. His thick, hard cock pointing at her only added to her excitement.
"Soo fuckin' sexy" he whispered as he gazed at her swollen pussy. His strong calloused hand wrapped unconsciously around his big hard cock and he started to stroke it slowly as his other hand gently slid up her thigh, making her quiver. He stopped his hand just below her pussy and her breath caught in anticipation.
"You're really wet aren't you" he asked in his low seductive voice.
"You know I am!" She replied. She slid her own hand down over her small tuft off hair and over her swollen lips. She slipped her middle finger up between her puffy labia and wiped it on his mouth. His tongue came out automatically to lick it clean.
This was a game they'd played many times, and neither of them tired of it. Todd sucked her fingers into his mouth and cleaned them off for her. She smiled at the pleasure he got from her taste.
As she reached her fingers back into her wet lips he reached past her and retrieved his cellphone.
She smiled and pulled out a chair and leaned back against the table, she put one foot up on the chair, opening herself up to his view. And his camera.
She continued to diddle her pussy as he snapped a few pics. Some with one then two fingers reaching inside, then pulling her lips back to expose her throbbing clit. It excited her when Todd took pictures of her, just as it excited her when men looked at her with lust. Todd always looked at her with lust, but when he was snapping pics he looked so hungry for her.
She still remembered the first time he had taken pictures of her. They had been dating for a year and had been at the beach and he took a couple of her in her bikini. Later he had talked her into flashing her breasts, and then her pussy, for him and he took pictures saying that he would look at them when they couldn't get together and he needed to masturbate. That had given her a thrill.
She had stopped him from taking any of her later as she blew him and they fucked. It had been a wild fuck though. She couldn't stop thinking about him jacking off to her pics.
Eventually they did progress to pics of their sex, and she found it to be very hot. She felt like a porn star. They always looked at them together and it always led to more hot sex. Todd always commented on each one, telling her how hot she looked. How other men would love to see them, jackoff to them.
He took videos of their sex and she always tried to put on a show for the camera.
Todd had a file of all the pictures and videos on his laptop. While the idea of other men seeing her always turned her on, it also terrified her that people she knew would see them and she made Todd promise to never ever show them to his buddies or anyone else.
The idea of other men watching her, stroking their cocks and cumming hard while lusting over her turned her on to no end. But ot also scared her that someone could someday use them against her somehow.
As she masturbated in front of him in the kitchen that day she knew she wouldn't take long to cum after being horny all day.
He stopped her long enough to put her sexy high heels back on. And he made sure to get them in some pics too.
That made her think of all the guys at work again. How the sounds of a womans heels clicking on a tile floor always turned their heads. And that made her think of Mr. Delaney again. She closed her eyes and thought of him kneeling on the floor in front of her as she worked her swollen wet pussy. His handsome face, the slight gray at his temples, his soft hands stroking a long hard prick, ready to spurt. The lust and desire in his eyes.
That pushed her over the edge and she started to moan and quiver with her orgasm. Her legs tensed up and just as she was reaching her peak she grabbed Todd by the back of his head and pulled his face into her contracting pussy!
In her minds eye she was perched on the edge of Mr. Delaneys large oak desk and it was his tongue lapping up her juices. His face she was humping. She cried out as Todd latched onto her clit with his lips and sucked hard. "OH, OH FUCK YES, EAT ME BABY MMM YEAH! OHHNNNGGG!" She came on Todds face until her legs started to give out and she began to drop to the floor. Todd helped her down until she was lying on top of him. He kissed her tits on the way down, and when they were flat on the floor with her on top he kissed her mouth hungrily.
She was still riding her orgasm as she kissed him back and felt his hard thick cock rubbing on her quivering pussy. She tasted herself on his face and his love for her pussy kept her excitement flowing as much as his treatment of her body. He was grabbing her ass and running his hands over her hips and mauling her big tits and kissing her mouth and neck and telling her how much he loved eating that sweet pussy. He was as turned on as she was and that made her feel so desired, so fucking sexy!
She worked her wet pussy up and down the length of his raging prick, her extended lips spread on either side of it, her hard throbbing clit rubbing on its length. When she reached the top she felt his swollen head at her entrance and she shifted her hips to take him inside. Once the head was in she pushed back against him as he rammed it home in one thrust and they both cried out their pleasure.
They continued to kiss and moaned into each others mouth as they fucked frantically right there on the kitchen floor. She was still cumming and totally lost in the feelings she was experiencing until he grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled her face away from his. He kissed her neck and told her he was going to cum soon!
She put her hands on his chest and pushed herself up, pulling her knees under her so she could ride his hard cock to the finish.
They looked in each others eyes as she began to quickly lift herself up until just his head was still in her entrance and slam herself down.
"Give it to me baby, fill me up!" She gasped.
"Yeah honey, your pussy feels soo fucking good!" He replied as he mauled her tits with his calloused hands.
They continued to urge each other on and gaze at each other and fuck furiously in the dimming light of the kitchen.
She looked down at him as he told her how sexy she was, and what a great fuck she was, and the look of lust and desire on his face made her so hot. She felt powerful riding him. Giving him so much pleasure. She was in total control of him and demanded that he fill her pussy with his cum.
He grabbed the phone and snapped a few pics of her wet lips stretched around his big cock. She knew they would look at them later, and probably fuck again.
Soon she felt him grow even bigger inside of her and his eyes went closed. She tried to fuck him even harder as he yelled out that he was cumming. She felt spurt after hot spurt deep in her pussy and that pushed her deeper into her own orgasm that had never completely quit. They yelled incomprehensible words of joy and encouragement to each other as they rode their climaxes.
Eventually they did start to slow and come back to earth. They were both sweaty and exhausted from their spent passion. She had lost count of how many spurts of hot jizz he had pumped into her, and had certainly lost count of how many times she came. Or was it just one huge very long orgasm. It didn't matter. All the mattered was the satisfied look in her husbands face below her, and her own feelings of gratification.
The sound of Jr. stirring brought Meagan out of her erotic reverie. She realized she had moaned out loud as she masturbated in the office chair and must have woke the baby. She had one bare foot up on the chair beside her ass and one up on the desk. The computer was open to the home screen, waiting patiently for her next command.
As the baby started to fuss more she fought the maternal urge to run to him. All the parenting books advised against that.
She imagined what she must look like, her big tee shirt bunched up around her waist, her least sexy panties pushed aside and her pussy swollen and wet.
"Wouldn't Todd love to see me now?" She said aloud. The baby whimpered in reply.
Looking at the home screen she thought about the bank but she knew she'd never get that done with the baby waking, soon he'd be howling for attention.
As she was still wound up from her fantasies, the thought of Todd made her smile and mouse over to the camera icon. She wasn't sure if the baby would let her email pics or just save them to the naughty file, but she wanted to capture the moment for her husband.
With the camera on she saw herself splayed lewdly on the screen and took the picture.
She knew she wasn't as hot as she had been before the baby, but right now she felt sexy, and the tee shirt hid her belly. Todd still desired her and did his best to make her feel sexy. But sometimes she didn't feel it. She had planned on a workout routine "with all the spare time" she would have as a stay at home mom. What a fucking laugh that was, she thought. Still, she knew Todd would be excited to see her like this. And she liked to still be able to excite at least one man, she thought.
Jr. started to cry.
She used her mouse to manipulate the software and zoomed in on her wet freshly worked pussy and clicked on it.
Jr. stood up and saw her across the room and cried to her.
"Hi Baby, Mommy's right here" she told him. His cries said she should be coming to him! She knew she shouldn't run to him despite what her maternal instincts said, but she knew he would soon be shrieking. "Mommy's right here Baby, it's OK!" She tried to reassure him. He, of course didn't want to hear that!
She got one more pic of her snatch as she held it open for Todd, showing how wet she was and her clit still somewhat extended. But the mood was fading fast with the baby starting to howl.
"Jr, Baby! Mommy is right here!" She said, trying not to get frustrated with him. She knew his diaper was probably wet and play time for her was over.
She went and picked him up and cooed and soothed him until he settled down. Then she changed his diaper and got him his favorite sippy cup to keep him busy until she could move her new pics into the naughty file.
Holding the baby in her lap she sat back at the desk and moved the pics to the proper file for Todd to see later. She knew they weren't much, he may want to take more, and better ones later, with the new camera she got him for his birthday she thought with a smile.
After moving her new pics, she closed the file and was about to log out of the computer, she thought she should at least take a minute to look at the finances, so she opened the favorites. She was about to scroll down to the bank site when she saw a link labeled "A". Curious, she clicked on it. What she saw would change her life forever!