In previous chapters: My father suffered a devastating car accident and remained paralyzed from the neck down. He felt sorry for the unique situation it left my 43-year-old mother and asked her to start dating other men, but she refused. Then he convinced me to seduce her, giving me clues on how to do it. I succeeded. Later, he suggested the 2 of us go on a trip to enjoy and know each other better. We flew to Hawaii's Big Island and stayed in a luxury resort on the west side of the island. We toured multiple attractions and bonded mentally and physically. Our sexual adventures progressed successfully, with my Dad being curious and even wanting to watch. In Chapter 5 he did...
............................................................................................................
In the week that followed our live show in front of Dad, Mom started opening up to me about their uninhibited past. I approached the subject gingerly. She and Dad had wild adventures during a different era - Back then, young couples were more promiscuous, and certain psychotropic drugs were easily accessible. Initially, she was reluctant to talk about events that would paint her as a cheap floozy in front of her son. I may have been mature enough to love and bed her, but she was embarrassed discussing that particular subject with her child.
Most of the information I got when arousing her, and keeping her from cumming until she confessed to some of her prior experiences. About a month later, I had a better idea of how much they did together. They went abroad to a nude island in Croatia, participated in Spain's naked bike riding, and France's nude swimming. They also spent several vacations in Florida's South Beach, and in 10 days it would be the 20th anniversary of the first time they had fun in Mon Chalet.
I never heard about Mon Chalet before. Mom shed a tear and then smiled, "It's a small establishment in a suburb of Denver. I think it has only 10 rooms. Each one has pieces of equipment that allow for a unique sexual experience. However, the main attraction is the meeting area. It's a large room with a swimming pool in the middle, 2 large jacuzzis, a large bed, and multiple chairs. This area is clothing-optional and more than 90% of the guests are naked or, in the case of women, at least topless. People go there to enjoy voyeurism, exhibitionism, and to find partners for sexual fun."
"Mom, you seem to have good memories from this place. Would you like us to go there together?"
She giggled, "Both Dad and you keep forgetting I am older now. I wouldn't have the 'hutzpah' and courage to do what I did before. May I also remind you that my body does not look the same?..."
"Mom, I hear about your biological age too many times. I am your son, and as such, I may be biased, but the fact is I am attracted to your gorgeous body irrespective of my feelings. Do you remember the onlookers in Hawaii? How come they ogled your 'ancient' body? I suggest you stop underestimating your physical attraction and do whatever you think you might enjoy."
Mom gave me a skeptical look, "Would you come with me to Mon Chalet if I was willing to go there?"
"I'd love to COME and CUM there with you. Why not? It sounds like an interesting place. And again, just like our trip to Hawaii, nobody knows us in Colorado."
"Let me think about it and discuss it with Dad."
I chortled, "I learned a lot about Dad's deviant mind. I think he'd like the idea and would want to hear the details when we return."
Mom agreed, "Adam, I think so too. It's so unfair his body is dead while his brain is young and still searching for adventures. Do you realize these days he lives through you? He imagines himself as being with me in all the wild places. I agree that he may like us to go to Mon Chalet, but I still have to talk to him about it."
"Mom, I promised Jerry to help him for an hour or two. Talk to Dad, and let me know what he said. If you two agree it's a good idea, I'll make all the arrangements for the weekend of the 20th anniversary you mentioned before."
...
Needless to say, Dad was thrilled about us going to Mon Chalet. The one thing he was disappointed about - The facility did not allow to take pictures in the common area, so he would not be able to visualize the fun part. Mom promised to tell him all the juicy details when we returned...
I reserved a room online and we arrived Friday evening. We checked our room. It was a suite with a 'Love Machine' and a 'Swing'. Mom had a mischievous smile when she saw the equipment. I gazed at her, "It seems like these instruments bring nice memories."
"Yes, Adam. They definitely do. I suggest we discuss the devices later. Pour me a glass of wine. I'll take it with me to the bathroom and be back in 15. Afterwards, we can go to the main area. You've already read about this place. You'll find additional instructions and suggestions in the brochure on the table.
I sat down and read 'the manual'. It was interesting - Vague enough to let the guests do almost anything in the common area. Even though it wasn't mandatory, they encouraged nudity and socializing in the pool and whirlpools. At that time, I could only imagine what it meant. When I was done, I was anxious to go, trying to guess Mom's behavior there.
Mom came out having on a nice white bikini. I noticed she put on a water-resistant red lipstick and a touch of makeup. Her wavy hair was loose and framed nicely her pretty face. Her eyes twinkled and she smiled, "Honey, good times are here again. I am ready. Are you?"
I wore my Speedo, and both covered ourselves with robes. We strolled toward the main area. We entered at 6 pm. Around 30 people were already there. 7 guests sat in each jacuzzi and the rest were either in the pool or sitting on chairs, chatting. Except for a young girl in a skimpy bikini, everybody else was naked. It was an interesting mixture of people of all ages and races.
Mom chose to enter one of the Jacuzzis. I pulled 2 chairs and she began undressing. Everybody in the whirlpool was watching her, and I mean EVERYBODY! Her fantastic tits got free first. They swayed nicely when she put the top on the chair. Then she bent to remove her bottom. Her breasts jiggled wildly, and now many additional eyes were focused on her from the other jacuzzi and the pool. She stood for a moment and stretched her body. She was by far the sexiest female there and I suspected her stretching was a show-off. I liked the idea she felt good in that environment.
Next, I took off my Speedo. Only after removing it, I noticed my pecker was at half-mast. It was Mom's fault!... We entered the hot water in the jacuzzi and glanced at our new neighbors. There was a black young couple, I'd say around 30 years old. Another older couple in their 50s, 2 younger, fairly handsome guys, and a redheaded woman about 35-40 years old. Everybody pretended to be busy doing something but I saw all the stares, suggesting they checked the others for socializing and perhaps more.
Mom leaned on the wall and closed her eyes, enjoying the bubbly water. Her voluptuous boobs hang above the water's surface.
I turned to her, "Mom, what do you think?"
She kept her eyes shut and giggled, "Honey, I love it here. The water is perfect, and the company looks interesting. To your knowledge, my eyes are only partially closed. This place brings out the naughty in me. Do you mind if I move in front of you and float on the surface?"
I chuckled, "You know what will happen - Your whole front will be exposed; tits, cunt, everything..."
She whispered, "Do you mind?"
"Not really. But remember I never went to CPR class, so if somebody is too excited by your heavenly body and suffers a heart attack, we'll have a problem..."
"Adam, don't be a party pooper. As a reward for letting me play, you can massage my breasts. This will signal to anybody who's interested, that I belong to you."
Subsequently, she moved before me, and her head leaned on my shoulder. I cupped the round beauties and tweaked them lightly. All eyes were on her tits. I noticed the black lady's hand moved underwater toward her mate, likely giving him a hand job. The older guy licked his lips. The others simply stared, as if hypnotized.
Mom whispered, "Honey, it seems we can have anybody we want. Who would YOU like?"
"...I am not sure..."
"Do you mind if I select a person to socialize with?"
"No. Go ahead. This game is new to me. I wouldn't know where to start..."
"Well, I want the redhead lady."
I gazed at the woman one more time. Her face was not pretty but cute with multiple freckles. Her hair was shorter than Mom's. She was about 5'4", 120 pounds, and B cup breasts with reddish nipples. Her eyes were directed at Mom's partially closed eyes.
I couldn't hide my surprise, "Interesting. I thought you'd go for one of the guys. This woman reminds me of Debra, your friend who died of cancer last year."
I could barely hear Mom, "Exactly. And now I can tell you she was more than a friend..."
"Mom, WTF! Are you saying you knew Debra intimately?!..."
She smiled sweetly, "Yes dear. I had a long time relationship with her, and occasionally, Dad joined us as well."
"And I had a guilt trip thinking I seduced and corrupted you... Dad was right, you are much more... liberal than what I was led to believe."
"Adam, you were too late to affect my behavior. Dad corrupted me. I was, the way he called me, 'his private slut.' Perhaps I should be ashamed of it, but surprisingly, I am not. Honey, if everything I tell you is too much or too fast for you, let me know. I will be very happy to spend the time here with you. However, if you are ready for new adventures, this is a good place to start."
"Mom, I'll let you take charge. If you set your eyes on the redheaded, how do you want to proceed?"
"Easy. Look at me." Next, she opened her eyes and smiled at the other woman.
The redheaded blushed, noting she got caught ogling Mom.
Mom said to her, "I love your red hair. Is it your real color?"
She mumbled, "Yes. It is."
Mom's smile broadened, "I can hardly hear you. Why don't you come closer?"
The other woman walked slowly in the water toward us. Mom extended her hand, "Hi, this is my mate, Adam, and my name is Ruby. What's yours?"
"I am Sheena. Are you guys here often?"
"We've just arrived an hour ago. Is this your first time here?"
As the 2 women were chatting, my fingers continued kneading Mom's tempting areolas. Sheena's eyes began wandering between Mom's face to her tits.
Mom was aware of the lady's stare, and sighed, "Sheena, I am cursed. Everybody stares at my breasts, and only Adam dares to do something about it..."
Sheena blushed again, and I saw a little smile, "Ruby, are you complaining or inviting me?..."
Mom chuckled, "If Adam is willing to free one of my girls, you are welcome to touch. By the way, your freckled boobs are also very attractive. And the rubbery nipples look like they are ready to be sucked."
I couldn't believe my ears! I've never heard or imagined Mom would be able to talk like that to a total stranger. It was so bizarre and unexpected, yet arousing, and my penis started engorging and stiffening. I lowered one of my palms and caressed Mom's ass cheeks.
Sheena placed her tiny palm on Mom's large breast and cupped it gently. She muttered, "It is so firm and beautiful. I am jealous."
Mom smiled at her, "You shouldn't be." Her hand moved to softly massage Sheena's pinkish mammary, "Yours may be smaller, but it's very cute. I'd love to suck on it. May I?"
Sheena's eyes widened. She seemed stunned and didn't answer.
Mom moved slowly. Her face leaned onto the redheaded chest and her lips wrapped the reddish nipple. She nibbled on it gently while glancing at the other woman's eyes. Sheena moaned and her hand caressed Mom's hair.
I was still playing with Mom's other boob and looked around. Not surprisingly, nobody was looking in other directions. Every eye was on the 2 women.
Mom disengaged and whispered, "Sheena, your breast is very tasty. Usually, I share everything with my lover. Do you mind if he touches your fantastic tits too?"
Sheena's eyes explored my face for a moment and then she said, "That's OK. Adam, your girl is amazing and, frankly, irresistible..."
I smiled, "I know. That is the reason why I spend every minute I can with her. But you look terrific as well."
My large palm found her tit and rubbed the soft flesh. It was warm and smooth. The nipple was rock-hard. She groaned again and arched her back, pushing her chest toward us. By now my cock was at full-mast and nestled in Mom's crack. She turned to me, winked twice and her hand caressed my organ a couple of times. She whispered to me, "Honey, be patient. It will be worth it, I promise..."
Subsequently, her palm left my achy cock. She gently lifted Sheena's chin and kissed her full lips softly. She murmured, "Sheena dear, your lips taste great. I'd love to taste your tongue..."
Sheena didn't say a word. Her eyes were mesmerized by Mom's lips. Mom kissed her again, this time gently forcing her lips open and sliding her tongue into Sheena's mouth.
The sight was very unreal! I was horny like hell and my cock twitched against Mom's ass. She countered it without stopping her French kiss with Sheena. Mom cupped Sheena's breast and squeezed it, causing Sheena to whimper.
Next, Mom grabbed Sheena's hand and placed it on my shaft and together they began bobbing it slowly. Sheena moaned louder, somewhat muffled by Mom's lips blocking her mouth. Seconds later, Mom moved slightly sideways, and now the 3 of us were entangled in a triangle of mouths, hands, and bodies.
Mom disengaged from Sheena and stared at her lovingly. Sheena's face turned dark red. She was breathless and gazed at Mom. My mother caressed her face lightly and whispered, "Sheena, we want you to join us in our room. Will you?"
Sheena was speechless. She ogled Mom's face, now and then turning to me and seconds later again at Mom. She seemed ready to obey, though powerless to express it.
Mom looked at me, "Adam, bring our stuff to the suite. I'll help Sheena."
Next, she wrapped her hand around the other woman's shoulder and led her toward the exit. I followed them with our belongings. I read somewhere that outside the rooms clothes were mandatory, so I covered them with large towels. Walking behind them, I ogled their rear. Mom's butt was slightly fuller, while Sheena's was smaller, more muscular but attractive no less. My head was spinning - It was me with 2 attractive mature women! A fantasy I knew many men shared, although I never imagined one day I would be able to experience it!...
...
I hurried to open the door for the ladies. Mom looked comfortably in charge, while Sheena seemed lost. She was shivering mildly and stared around. Mom brought her to bed, whispering kind words in her ear. She removed the towels, hugged her, and kissed her lips. I sat by the side, naked, and watched them.
Gradually, Sheena's trembling stopped, and she responded to Mom's soft kisses. Her hands started traveling on Mom's body, focusing on her boobs and later descending to her mound. Mom let her explore her body and relaxed on her back.
Sheena raised her upper body and smiled at Mom. Then she kissed Mom for the first time. Mom closed her eyes and spread her lips, giving Shenna an opening. Sheena gazed at me with a look that signaled, 'You stay where you are.'
Sheena began descending on my mother, kissing her way down. Her gentle kisses made Mom moan, as Sheena's lips trailed to the side of her neck, slowly continuing to her fantastic nipple. Mom's hand pulled Sheena's face into her chest as the redheaded sucked hungrily on the ample tit. A moment later, she continued down, pausing at her navel before moving to her cunt.
Mom spread her legs and Sheena's head got lost between her thighs. Mom groaned louder. Despite not being able to see the action, it became obvious Sheena was doing a great job with her tongue and lips.
Suddenly, Mom opened her eyes and turned her head to me. She signaled to come closer. She pulled gently on my dick and inserted it into her mouth. Seconds later, while I watched Sheena working Mom's pussy, mother milked me hard. As Mom became more aroused by Sheena's manipulations, the pace of blowing me intensified.
A short time later, I felt Mom starting to shake, and my cock was being milked at a furious pace. Her muffled cries vibrated my organ, and soon after I climaxed as well. I ejaculated deep inside Mom's mouth during her own orgasm. It was fantastic!
Mom continued to quiver for as long as Sheena's face was buried in her cunt. Eventually, a wet, smiley, red-faced Sheena appeared. I grinned at her and showed thumbs up. We waited for Mom to recover. It took her 15 minutes.
She hugged Sheena, whispered something in her ear and both went to the bathroom together. They came out 20 minutes later, glancing at me and giggling. Seeing them bonding woke up my shriveled pecker.
Sheena lay supine and spread her legs apart. Mom knelt near Sheena's chest, caressing lightly her small tits. Then she stared at me and pointed toward Sheena's cunt. I took my place between her skinny thighs, lifted her legs over my shoulders, and aimed my now erect cock at her pinkish opening.
As the spongy head touched her exposed labia, Sheena started whimpering. I penetrated gingerly, noticing her cunt was much tighter than Mom's. Her noises grew louder. Mom bent over and kissed Sheena's lips. Sheena continued making sounds for as long as my cock was pushing into her. It took forever, but at last, my pole nestled all the way inside her pussy. I began slow pounding and her body jerked immediately. Sheena started crying and screaming until Mom inserted her thumb into Sheena's mouth. I gradually increased my speed, realizing Sheena's orgasm would continue until I stopped moving inside her.
I watched Mom caressing Sheena's swaying tits with her thumb still in Sheena's mouth. My climax was approaching. I whispered to the 2 women, "Ladies, you are extremely sexy. One of you blew me and I am going to dump my load inside the other one's pussy. Take it!" Shortly afterward, I ejaculated deep in her womb.
Sheena's body continued to tremble for a few more minutes, and slowly, the shaking died down.
I looked at Mom and then leaned toward Sheena's face and kissed her luscious lips. With her eyes still shut, Sheena's hands grabbed my neck and she shoved her tongue into my mouth. We French kissed for a while under Mom's watchful smiley face.
The 3 of us hugged together for several minutes and then I went to the bathroom.
When I returned, the 2 ladies were sitting naked on the bed, chatting enthusiastically. I asked what this was all about, and Mom answered, "Sheena was interested to know how I found such a handsome young guy like you. I told her that you were attracted to cougars."
We all laughed and I understood Mom did not divulge our family relation. Good! Both women looked radiant. Then Sheena said she needed to leave. I asked her where she was staying. It turned out she did not have a room, and came to Mon Chalet for one evening from her home in Denver. We offered her to stay the night in our suite, but she declined. Sheena apologized and said she needed to be somewhere early the next morning. We gave her our contact number, kissed her goodbye, and she left.
I looked at Mom, "What did you think?"
She laughed, "Oh, honey, that was awesome, just like when I was young and restless with your father. And what about you?"
"Mom, I heard other people talking about threesomes. Now I know what it means. I loved it. If you decide to have another three way, count me in."
She chuckled, "Darling, tomorrow we'll still be here. We can choose another person to join us - Would you rather it be a guy, another woman, or... a couple?"
I winked at her but didn't answer.