It was Thursday night and Annette decided to go to dinner by herself again.
The restaurant was near her home and it was called Contemporary Cuisine.
Contemporary Cuisine was a huge facility. The theme was one of a rustic style. They had multiple rooms for dining, entertainment rooms, sports bar, dance floors, and even a babysitting room. It also had live entertainment on Friday and Saturday nights. Best of all, it was staffed by a bunch of handsome young men.
Annette had a reputation at this restaurant.
It was only 2 months ago when she went to the snack bar part of the restaurant in her tight little red bikini with the red miniskirt. You see, she was at the pool and it was lunch time and she was very hungry. She didn't think much about going there dressed like that. As she walked in, the waiter's jaw dropped and his eyes bulged out when he saw her. Her waiter that served her totally lost his composure. He got very nervous and stuttered when talking to her. He couldn't believe that a gorgeous woman in a bikini was prancing around in there and he was the lucky one who got to talk to her. Annette sat at a booth that night at the edge of the table. She liked to bend her leg up while sitting for comfort reasons, but doing so amounted to flashing her leg and the bikini area of her crotch. Her crease of her pussy was visible. It made the waiter insane to watch her in that position. His hormones went into overdrive looking at her. On top of that, the miniskirt was so short that her cheeks showed out from the bottom of them as she walked. The waiter especially liked her silky white skin. Yes, she was famous there with the staff. They talked about her when she was there and when she wasn't there. Many of the male staff secretly lusted after her. They looked forward to looking at her legs, skin, smile, tits, and ass.
Now let's get to today's story.
On this particular night, Annette was restless. Her husband was away on a trip. She was feeling very horny and didn't know what to do about it. She decided that she needed a distraction. She needed to do something. She wanted some fun.
Annette liked this restaurant since it was usually staffed by a lot of young handsome men from the local colleges. They always liked when Annette came in since she was so pleasant and beautiful. They usually fell over themselves wanting to take care of her. She liked the attention. It made her feel good about herself. She was pleased how a bunch of young guys could sneak looks at her and smile and shyly make eye contact with her. It was always a confidence booster to go there. There is nothing like being a middle aged woman and having young men lusting after you. The sexual tension and energy was always intense. She would cross her legs a lot to draw attention to them. She could make someone lose their train of thought by crossing and showing off her legs.
Annette decided to doll herself up. She put on makeup, white bikini cut panties, a tight revealing red dress, and black high heeled boots. The dress had a long exposing cut on both sides of her legs and it showed off her long silky legs and hips. She also put on her pearl necklace, pearl ear rings, and she wore long red gloves with white trim. The finishing touch was her dark pink lipstick. She looked like a hot MILF, or model, or a princess. It was fun for her to dress up. It occupied her time and it was a successful distraction.
She didn't appreciate the affect it would have at the restaurant staff however.
Annette was a 35 years old with straight blond auburn hair that goes just below her shoulders. She had hazel blue eyes that sparkle and a great smile with sexy lips. She had medium sized breasts, great hips, a perfect full tight ass, and long silky fair colored legs. Her proportions are 38-30-38. She was basically gorgeous and men can't resist looking at her. She had become used to this. This night was no exception. She was a gorgeous full figured woman in a very tight red dress. Any normal man would notice her. Any normal man would lust for her.
Annette pulled into the parking lot in a cab and there were only a handful of cars. It was a slow night for the restaurant.
The cab drive refused to take payment from her.
"No money..No...If you need ride...I drive you for free" the cab driver said in a think accent. "You too beautiful to pay...My honor...All my honor." He was obviously taken by this sexy woman.
She wanted to strut her stuff. She got out of the car and she felt the tight dress tighten as she got out of the car. She had to walk with more of a sway than usual due to the dress and she couldn't help but feel very very sexy in her outfit. She could feel eyes glued to her ass and watching every move. The cab driver watched her with intent eyes until she was out of view.
It was a cold night and she forgot her jacket. Her large cleavage got exposed to the elements, and her nipples hardened immediately. As she walked and swayed her hips, she pulled up on and adjusted the long red gloves on her hands. She felt like hot dynamite.
Like an emotional explosion, the entry door opened and two waiters in tuxedos were at the foyer talking at the station. They stopped in their tracks. Their eyes bulged open and their jaws dropped looking at the doorway. As if in slow motion, a gorgeous blond in a tight red dress and a half smile swayed into the restaurant confidently as she adjusted her gloves again. You could see her legs peeking on the sides of her thighs a little and her full breasts were accentuated by her hardened nipples. She was like a wet dream come true.
Almost stuttering, the waiter said "Good ev....evening, uhmmm...ahhhh....do, do you have reservations?"
"No handsome" Annette purred in a slightly raspy voice and smiling, "Is that OK?"
While blushing, the waiter replied "Ohhh...of course, Ma'am?"
"Do I look old enough to be called a Ma'am, young man," Annette said teasingly.
"No, of course not," the waiter stammered, "You are just a little old, I mean older than me...and you look great....I mean you look nice..and well..to be honest, you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen." the waiter confessed shyly looking down.
"Oh, I am just teasing you young man, I am old enough to be your mother," Annette said.
"No way, Ma'am...I mean Miss. There is no way you could be that old. The guys here thought you were maybe 27 years old. I mean....we don't sit around talking about pretty girls.... I mean....Oh shoots. How old are you for the record?" the waiter innocently asked.
"Well, I usually don't like to admit it, but you can tell the guys that I am 35 years old," Annette said with a big smile.
"Wow, I thought you were just a few years older than me and I am 20 years old." the waiter explained.
With a big awkward smile, the waiter walked her to her booth table. She sat down and started looking at the menu. Annette was pleased to hear that the staff talked about her. She wondered what else they talked about.
Their was a cool breeze in the main dining area.
She looked up to look for a waiter and one of the waiters immediately came up to her asking if she needed anything.
"It is a bit chilly in here for me," Annette explained, "Are there any warmer rooms?"
"Well, ahhh...we have a private room that is farther in the back away from the front door and that room seems warmer usually. No one is in the room now but if you like we could let you use it." he explained.
"That sounds perfect. Thank you so much," Annette responded.
Annette stood up to follow the waiter and her dress hiked up her thighs exposing her legs even more . The waiter couldn't look away and he simply stared at her legs. She wiggled her hips to allow the dress to be pulled down. It was an intimate and sexy maneuver that made many heads turn. The waiter standing next to her kept staring, stopped breathing, and his eyes soon glazed over. The waiters all started to peak from their work stations and the chef even came out to watch her walk to the private dining room.
Annette pretended not to notice but the restaurant's productivity came to a stand still because of her. She swayed her hips and walked confidently while showing off her legs through the slits on the dress. She liked to be the center of attention.
The private room was well lit and cozy. It had candles on the tables and it was well furnished. She sat down and had to shift the tight dress to feel more comfortable. The waiter enjoyed watching her adjust her tight dress. He felt himself getting a hard on.
""What would you like to drink Miss?" the waiter asked.
"I'll have a glass of red wine please" Annette replied. She did a double take as she saw a bulge in the waiters pants. She smiled and grinned and he felt embarrassed and quickly went away.
She heard a burst of laughter from the kitchen area and she figured his colleagues probably saw his woody too. She felt warmer in the new room but it was lonely and she was still cold enough to have hard nipples.
Another new waiter came in and gave her the red wine.
"Here you go," he said.
She caught him looking at her breasts.
"Is there anything else I can get you" he said. Again he looked at her breasts.
Since her dress was so tight, her nipples showed through. And with her breasts bulging out, it was just one step away from complete nudity according to the hormonally driven young men.
Annette smiled and looked at him and he developed a hard on that was obvious. She crossed her legs. Annette couldn't help but giggle when she noticed it and he quickly excused himself. Again, shortly after leaving the room and burst of laughter could be heard. That makes two waiters who couldn't even serve her without getting hard.
"My goodness, what have I done," she thought to herself.
A third waiter came in the room.
"OK, Are you ready to order?" he asked. He was using his peripheral vision to look up this now famous MILF up and down.
"They are right," he thought, "she is truly gorgeous."
"I'll have the filet mignon and veggies," Annette said.
"Great choice," the waiter added. "And by the way, if you don't mind me saying, you look more beautiful tonight then I have ever seen you look." he said. "I mean, I noticed you before but I don't keep track of when you are here....uhmmm.....I just noticed you tonight that's all." he stammered.
Annette giggled.
"Oh thank you young man" Annette said. "Flattery will get you anything," she joked while crossing her legs.
"Well how about a kiss" he joked back.
Annette was a little tipsy with the wine on an empty stomach, so she replied "Sure handsome, just a little kiss" she said.
She stood up and her dress was crunched up around her waist exposing her hips, the sides of her panties, and legs. The waiter was breathless as he watched her in slow motion get up. He got a great view of her cleavage. She gave him a peck on his cheek as he had his eyes closed and lips puckered. He blushed and smiled but was disappointed since he didn't get a real kiss on the lips. Annette finally noticed her dress was very revealing and she pushed it downward so it fit better.
The waiter number three had a little smudge of lipstick on his cheek and he excused himself while still blushing. He couldn't believe that she gave him a kiss. He couldn't believe how she smelled too. She smelled great. It wasn't even a perfume. He figured it was her natural smell. "She is perfection in every way," he thought.
Annette finished the bottle of wine and then she ordered another one. She had a great buzz going and she wanted to have it continue for a while. Her inhibitions were lowering as she drank her wine. She felt drop dead gorgeous and was reeking of sexuality. She was feeling very horny and she felt like she was going to explode. She repeatedly crossed her legs in order to create friction between her legs. She felt hypersensitive sitting there at the table. She thought of touching herself since she felt like she was in a very private place. It took all of her will power not to masturbate right there at the table.
Annette made a big sigh.
Finally her meal came and the fourth waiter was very attentive to her. He would sneak glances at her breasts, lips, legs, eyes, hips, neck, etc.
"Boy, you folks have a lot of waiters tonight don't you?" Annette asked with a hint of slurred speech.
The fourth waiter noticed her slurred speech.
"Excuse me Miss, but can I have a kiss too," he asked the beautiful woman in the red dress. "It is my birthday today, and it sucks having to work today, but if you could just do me this one favor it will turn it into the best birthday I ever had."
Annette giggled a little.
"Boy, good news travels fast doesn't it? How old are you" Annette replied, then she crossed her legs.
"I am 18 years old today. Please Miss," the fourth waiter continued, "I have never been kissed by a beautiful woman like you before. Actually, I have never been kissed by a girl before. Could you please kiss me on the lips though?" he continued. "If I go back there and have your lipstick on my lips, I will be a hero to them."
Annette was taken aback by his boldness. Still, she was flattered. She knew it was an awkward request and she should say no but she felt like teasing him for the fun of it.
Annette got up after hiking up her dress and while leaning forward and exposing her cleavage for the waiter to see. He tried to memorize every detail of her beauty.
After making sure that she was taken care of, he went into the bathroom stall and started thinking about her. He thought about how beautiful she was and the expressions on her face. He thought about her long legs and her tits. He thought about her full lips and how perfect they were to give blow jobs.
While masturbating in the stall, the waiter's imagination took over during his elaborate masturbation daydream.
"Is that all you want?" Annette asked. "Are you sure you don't want something else?"
"Well, what else could I get?" he asked innocently.
Annette was still feeling a strong buzz and her sexual tension and energy were expanding tenfold since she got to the restaurant.
"Come here," Annette said. Annette wanted to tease him and have some fun.
The fourth waiter came up to her and he started to get nervous. He started to breath heavily. He felt dizzy and he could feel a hard on starting. She gently held his hand and asked if he has ever been with a girl before. Embarrassed, the fourth waiter said "No. But some day."
"How about today handsome? How about now?" Annette asked with a serious smile. She felt generous and wanted to give this young man confidence.
"Ahhh....sure Miss...I would love to....Here? Now?" the waiter inquired.
Annette pulled him from his belt closer to her and she gently rubbed on his groin with her red gloves on. She caressed him while looking at his face.
"I can't believe this," the waiter said, " I can't believe this. You are so beautiful and all. I never thought I could be with anyone as beautiful as you are."
"Shhhh" Annette whispered.
She hiked up her dress to be more comfortable fully exposing her panties, hips and legs. It was an intense erotic sight for the waiter and he felt like he was going to come in his pants.
"Oh God Miss.....I feel like I'm going to come." the waiter said.
Annette stopped rubbing his penis with her red gloved hand.
"Not yet handsome," she said. She proceeded to unbuckle his belt and pull his pants down.
The excitement and possibility that someone could walk in at any second intensified their sexual feelings.
Annette was on a mission and she wasn't thinking straight. She was drunk. She felt like she was doing a charity service for this young man as he entered adulthood. She wanted to be his Mrs. Robinson experience. She wanted to be his fantasy for the rest of his life.
Both were breathing heavily now and Annette proceeded to take out the waiter's penis. He was well endowed and his very hard penis was pulsating and the veins were engorged. Annette looked up at the waiter as his penis was about a foot away from her face. It pulsated while standing at attention and as pre-cum formed at the tip.
"You are so handsome" Annette offered. "I am lucky to get to do this with you. You could have anyone you want , I bet." she said.
Still not believing his eyes, the waiter stood there with his throbbing and engorged penis right in front of this beautiful classy woman.
Annette began to slowly jag him off with her red gloves on.
The waiter started to moan and to rock his hips.
The waiter looked at her lips as she spoke.
"Yeah....yummy. It is so hard. Is it that hard for me?" Annette teased. "Do I make you hard? Do I make you want to come handsome?" she asked.
"Oh fuck....yeeeees," the waiter added, "You make me want to come whenever you come into this place. In fact, you make us all want to come. Some of the other waiters are obsessed about you. You are famous here."
Annette started to pump his cock harder but the fabric made it awkward. She took her gloves off and placed them on the table.
Annette started to stroke his shaft again. The feel of her real skin made the contact even more intense this time. Annette started pumping him harder and harder and faster and faster. He moaned and groaned as she roughly jagged him off. His eyes started to get glassy and she knew he was near his climax.
"I want you to come for me right now, OK? I want you to come right on the table here. I want you to show me how hot you think I am. Show me with your come." Annette said.
"I will Miss....I will...You are so hot.....shit man......you are so fucking hot....I can't believe this... I can't believe this is happening." he continued.
Both of them were sweaty and flushed.
Annette's hair began to get a little messy, but in a sexy kind of way.
Annette was smiling looking up at him as his penis was in front of her face.
The waiter began panting and sweat trickled from his forehead. "Everything about you is so perfect, and so beautiful. I love the way you look. I love your expressions. I love your smell. I love your body. You are so fucking hot," the waiter added as he spasmed his body in an intense orgasm as he shot his load on the gloves on the table.
With a big satisfied smile on her face, Annette placed the now flaccid penis in its place and buckled his belt.
"Wow.....Good job. I'm impressed, handsome." she said.
The waiter stood there not knowing what to do or to say.
Annette enjoyed his personal state of confusion and disbelief.
"Can I see you... I mean...can I see your .......pussy?" the waiter asked. " I have never seen a real one before."
Annette smiled broadly and slowly positioned herself at the edge of the seat with her legs up in a squatting frog-like position in her boots. She moved the panties to the side exposing her cunt. She had beautiful thin pink pussy lips that were somewhat reddened and engorged. Her clitoris was hard and protruded toward the waiter. She had a beautiful pussy.
The waiter dropped to his knees and instinctively inhaled deeply. "You are beautiful, Miss." he said.
"Can I touch it please?" he asked.
Annette had an insatiable horniness going and she wanted to have her own orgasm badly. She started to slowly caress her clitoris and vagina while moaning and closing her eyes. The waiter stood there in disbelief watching the sexy woman in red touch herself in front of him in the restaurant. He saw her pussy lips and clitoris bend with each motion of her fingers.
"I need .....to come too. Finger me .......please....Finger me now" she told him.
"What? What do you mean?" the waiter stammered.
"Take two fingers and put them inside me.....Yes.......That's it," she said.
He slowly inserted two fingers and he enjoyed the warm, wet, and tight feeling.
"Now go in and out. Good......Feel how wet it is? Do you like it? Now put three fingers inside. Now go in and out....faster.....Ummmmm......Yeah.......Nice....Keep it up. That's perfect.....Now rub the upper part just as you enter me. There it is...now push harder upwards....Yes....That's it.....that's perfect...faster...harder....harder." Annette started to raise her voice.
Annette was squatting in the seat and she was starting to get sweaty and breathing heavily. Her face and upper chest became flushed. Her eyes started to get glassy and she had a wild determined look in her eyes which showed through her now messy hair. She was an extreme erotic sight. She was a middle aged woman in heat. Hell, she was on fire.
"I am going to come soon...You are so good...Keep it up ..Oh yes...I am going to come! Oh Yes!" Annette ejaculated. Her body spasmed with an intense orgasm.
Just then the waiter bucked his hips in an orgasm as he shot his load in the toilet. He thought to himself that he felt better getting some of the pressure out.
He wanted to come again so he tried immediately to get hard and continue touching himself while thinking about the woman in red. He got his shaft half hard quickly.
The waiter thought she was even more beautiful as she spasmed at the table. Both were panting and the waiter was speechless. Her couldn't believe his luck. He slowly removed his drenched fingers. He smelled his fingers.
His fantasy continued.
"Taste it now." Annette said.
The waiter licked his finger while closing his eyes as if to savor the moment.
Do you like it?" Annette asked.
"You are delicious." he answered with a big confident smile.
Annette then stood up and kissed him firmly on the lips. She forced her tongue in his mouth and he finally recovered and reciprocated with his curious probing tongue. He could taste her saliva. It tasted good. She made a point to press her breasts firmly against his chest.
"Bye Sweety, you can go now." Annette purred.
"Ah...OK...Thanks...I mean thanks!" the waiter said.
He walked out of the room slowly in a daze.
The second time around didn't work out as well, so he stopped jagging himself off in the stall and went back to work.
Back to reality, Annette finished her delicious dinner and wine. She regretting drinking too much. As usual, she enjoyed the sexual energy with the staff. Teasing the boys at this restaurant has become a hobby of hers. It made her horny in ways she never thought possible. It made her feel younger.
After paying her bill, she swayed out of the restaurant in her tight red dress and gloves. She couldn't wait top get home out of her uncomfortable bra and boots.
Now it was back to business as usual at Contemporary Cuisine. Or was it?
She got in a cab and went home.
At home she masturbated in the bath tub thinking about the waiters and their reactions to her.
Her husband got home and joined her in the large tub. She was startled when he came in but she was extremely horny and needed a release.
She told her husband about the evening and he made love to her in the tub. He got turned on hearing about all of the young studs lusting after his wife.
Annette was getting off too while she thought about how they all wanted to look at her and get in her pants. Her husband entered her with his rock hard cock and pumped away aggressively as he grunted with each thrust. She remembered all of the stares and looks from the young men. She fantasized about how they masturbate at home thinking about her. She fantasized about having all of them masturbating in front of her as she was on the restaurant table exposing and touching herself. She verbalized these thoughts to her husband who roughly fucked his beautiful MILF of a wife. She had three shuttering orgasms in the tub thinking about the waiters while her husband was inside of her. Her husband thought she was possessed with sex and he loved every minute of it. He always loved it when she went out alone to dinner, since she would always come back dangerously horny. Eventually he climaxed inside of her and then they snuggled in the tub together while gently kissing each others lips.
She never knew that one of the waiters masturbated thinking about her at the restaurant that night.
Back at the restaurant, the waiters patiently waited for her return.