Author Notes:
Ok so first thing's first. This is not my usual story. I don't usually write multi-part stories but this one inspired me. I don't think it's long winded, however it will definitely have multiple chapters to it. If you tend not to like those sort of stories than this prolly won't be as enjoyable for you.
Secondly, I deliberately wrote this first part with enough vagueness that you can just about make up any setting you want, let your imagination run wild, fill in the blanks, take guesses, I don't care but I'll not listen to any complaints about that one thing. You want it to be a college party, go for it, is it a community or maybe even a halloween event for the like minded? Have at it. Is it a secret society of perverts? Be my guest, A lot of the currently missing backgrounding will be in subsequent chapters. I'll try to post them every 1-3 months in as much as I have time for them.
--------------------------------------------------------------------
Incest Anonymous
It was a crisp summers night outside along the American east coast. The wind was warm but still cooling, and the night air itself was hot enough that keeping the blankets or even pyjamas on yourself while in bed was considered doing things the hard way. Stars were out and the sand between the two story home and the surf was delicately soft and slightly cool to the touch under the midnight air, with no moon to cast its reflected light up on possible onlookers.
In the two story home itself, a party carried on and showed little sign of slowing down or stopping any time soon. The gardens and front lawn were littered with scantily clad party guests dressed in bikini's, bathing suits and without any exceptions, all had full or partial face masks on, none walked around without. The age range was vast but not universal. Eighteen was the lower limit and the upper limit only meant you had to be able to walk, talk and drink without serious risk to life and limb so people from every walks of life partook of the event. Maybe one hundred guests, possibly more and the house could comfortably support them all on its own, even without the garden. Two stories tall with six bedrooms scattered in the house somewhere between the attic and the basement and people were still showing up to join in, most only to be turned away by the bouncers. Eight lucky devils that got paid to watch a night of fun pleasantry and utter, depraved debauchery. It was a rather big party but relatively quiet and respectful of local neighbours... at least in comparison to other late night parties. You could say its like a controlled fire. Hot, wild but isn't anywhere or anything the hosts don't want it to be.
The host made some house rules very clear from the get go. Absolutely no vaginal and/or penetration sex. That meant no dick in pussy, but fingers and tongues were still fair game. More of a challenge than a rule but enforced by the bouncers all the same. Bedrooms and closed doors are absolutely off limits. Eight couples that couldn't control themselves had already been shown the way out and, or course, no sex outside of the house until after midnight out of modest respect for the people and the very few kids that may have resided in the neighbourhood. The hosts were very professional about the whole thing but didn't charge guests to come. They merely sent a few targeted fliers around the city and worded it in such a way that only the invitees and mentally mature enough would figure out exactly what kind of party it was.
At about eleven thirty is when George showed up. He chose a squinty eyed mask that limited his vision just a little bit and covered all of his face except for his lips. The nose of the mask bulged outward. It had a black background with different shades above and below the eye line. George thought it looked mysterious and cool. His blue eyes barely showed through it and his brown hair was highlighted by the darkness of the masks top half while his square, chiselled jawline was accentuated by the masks slightly lighter half.
For a little while he felt out of place in his knee length swimming trunks with the rest of his thirty eight year old body on full display. He by no means had anything to be embarrassed about with his well toned and tanned, fleshy arms and fleshy legs. He sported a four pack and a humble pair of pecks. 'At least he didn't have moobs', was his passing thought as he caught the glimps of a dangly pair off of two large but jolly men while he sipped his ice topped, cold beer.
He couldn't help but notice the strong taste of delicious green apple mixed in with the fizz hitting his palate. It was enough to almost offset the tender bitterness that followed. He revelled in his great choice to come here as the numbing taste of the alcohol itself just seemed to effortlessly slip down his throat while he swallowed.
Soon, with each successive gulp, he felt the slight buzz of the alcohol mixing with his blood and started to relax into the party. His doubts about coming here, slowly left his mind and the more they did, the more appealing the party guests looked.
By about eleven fifty five George was eyeing every pair of legs that walked within a three foot radius of himself but the very slight doubt that was left held him back from doing anything more than staring.
He thought about his wife and how, whether anonymous or not, cheating is still cheating. He so desperately needed a release though. His wife hadn't so much as glanced his way in almost two years. He tried to be patient. He tried to be reasonable, he even tried asking her about it but she gave no real, or helpful answer. He tried different things to entice her. Leading, naughty talk during foreplay, playful nibbles and tantalizing touches beneath her panties and shirt but she refused and rebutted him every single time, even when he offered to delve into some of her fantasies they hadn't yet explored and he just couldn't understand why anymore. Hence his insecurity with his otherwise manly body. So when he saw the flier for the event he thought 'why the hell not' as he tucked it safely away where he knew his wife would not find it.
By his third beer he was getting more and more in to the swing of things. His staring became less subtle and as it did he found himself getting hard. He noticed a few of the girls were looking his way too. Especially at his obviously tented trunks, which stuck out like a sore thumb even as he sat down, hunched over the bar. For the first time in months he started feeling good about himself as a male of the human species. His guilt almost completely subsided now but he still had that niggling doubt about right and wrong in the back of his head.
That's when he noticed a drop dead gorgeous bombshell waltz through the street door. She must have been about five foot seven or eight with the purest and longest, ginger hair in a pony tail that just seemed to suit her to a T. Her mask had cat like ears coming out of it and colour wise, was the exact opposite of his. A deep white on the bottom half with a darker, cloudier white on the top half. Her masks eyes were a little more open than his, so he could just barely make out the hazel in her eyes. Like George, her mouths lips were exposed from the mask. She wore beige lipstick that, compared to her dark, golden brown skin tone looked like a sparkling sprinkle of sand. She also wore a full bodied swim suit, which while modestly hiding everything else, only seemed to accentuate her already gorgeous legs. Had he ever seen a pair of legs both that smooth and shiny. A pair of legs that just never seemed to end?
As she walked by he took a double take. His eyes had deceived him in his drunken state, she must have stood at roughly six foot two inches tall. At least a little taller than him by maybe three inches. He couldn't keep his eyes off of her as each leg moved one in front of the other. With each time her feet made contact with the ground, his hairs stood up on end and electricity shot through his body almost as if her bare feet were directly jacking him off. He'd never had that fantasy before.
At that instant, he got up and moved towards her. His doubt and insecurity fled him. It was now, or it was never. He moved in behind her, their relative angle changing with each passing step until as they stood a mere seven inches apart, she felt his presence on the back of her neck. Her eyes widened. This was followed by a gasp as his hand slipped between her legs from behind. His fingers circumnavigated the little flap of her swim suit that modified her crotch and slid effortlessly up on her slick, left side pussy lip.
Her gasp only widened as this strangers fingers continued their journey upward until he skillfully found her clitoris. She inhaled sharply as her brain got the message that such exquisite contact had been made. She leaned back and felt the muscular contractions of his chest and his taught belly press against her back as she leaned in to him. She certainly didn't expect such a flippantly forward approach from any man, even in this setting, but as she settled in to it, she certainly didn't seem to oppose the proposition right now. She leaned back further forcing his hand to unbury itself, or be crushed between them. Instead George was rewarded by the feeling of his still covered and mostly erect dick being enveloped between her legs.
She'd found a real man, she thought to herself as seven inches of his manhood made its presence known between her legs. If her bikini hadn't been there, he'd be balls deep already, but as it happened, his not insignificant shaft had wedged itself between the lips of her pussy. She bent over at about thirty degrees, just enough that the mushroom of his head was now pressed indirectly against the very top of her vulva and her clit. She revelled in this feeling. The sensuality of it. How long had it been? She wondered. She smiled to herself and she figured, not very. But never had a dick, on its own, made her feel like this. Maybe she was just part exhibitionist all this time and never knew it. All of these people were in plain sight. Fully able to see what was going on and she enjoyed it, but she especially liked that fact that despite all of these people watching, he just couldn't help himself. He wanted her and he made her know it. Even more than that, she loved it.
For the first time in a long time, she felt like a woman and wanted. She was a wanted woman right now. This strange man lusted for her almost beyond his own control and with no regard for other people around them. With but a glance on his part and a strut for hers, she'd snaggle-snatched him for herself for this very moment. He's the treat she reserved for herself after a long marriage of good behaviour. Now it was time for parole. She compared the men in her head subconsciously too. Her husbands chest was hairy, and small. She didn't feel secure leaned up against it. Now this one, was strong, wide, muscular. It had a presence she now realized she had craved all of this time. She couldn't yet attest to its hair content, but she was now resolute in finding out. She knew this chest wouldn't crumble from under her like a hollow infested ground. Now her hand cupped the bulbous head of George's cock while it was still lodged between here legs. She pressed it slightly in to her, and mercilessly teased his shaft on the underside of his cock, where his foreskin meets the crown using only the very tip of her nail that was dug in just enough to create a little pressure with each stroke.
Oh how George had loved this. No one else had teased him so and it only made him want more. Even drunk, he still knew the rules of the party, and felt very keen on playing them with her. He wanted to explore every tiny crevasse of her body while he could, while he dared. His free hands now willfully cupped her breasts with even less subtlety than his previous actions. Some nearby people had their attention on them both. She could feel the gazes slowly shifting to them as curious eyes now wished that they had been so bold themselves. What a powerful woman she felt as right now while a gasp was forced out of her mouth as if she'd been wanting this for years. Her hips instinctively started rocking right before he pulled away.
She was disappointed, thinking he was only interested in teasing her until she felt him rip at the lower half of her bathing suit. Now a gap had been made where her modesty once was, exposing her puffy pussy lips for all to see. They glistened nakedly, exposed without the pubic hairs that would normally protect such a delicate piece of equipment. He turned her around, forcefully and dove down onto one knee. She almost thought he was going to propose to her, even as she saw his head moving forward before partially disappearing between her legs. She stood on tip toe, almost wanting to back away from being part of such a sudden display. But the better half of her just didn't want to stop. The woman in her demanded that she be satisfied, if only for this one time. She let out a loud half grunt, half groan and started face fucking him whilst his tongue lay siege, probing in between her lips, prying them apart as hot, lava-hot liquid filled the opening.
He continued lapping, his dick remaining swollen the entire time. The woman's breathing turned heavy very quickly. Her eyes darted around her, watching people nearby whom were watching the oral spectacle they were being given.
'They'll never be able to settle for mere porn videos again', she thought to herself, blissfully, almost arrogantly. She started to tense and suddenly he released the pressure. On the very outer most edge, he left her dangling. A smug grin could be clearly seen as he looked up at her unashamedly. She was so close to peaking it almost hurt. She could feel the beginnings of her muscles convulsing. He was daring her to go over the edge without any more interference from him.
In her mind, he was saying something along the lines of 'Now cum for me you horny bitch' behind that smug, malevolent grin. It drove her crazy but lit a fire under her at the same time. For a second or two, as she rode out the aching need, he could see the fire smouldering in the back of her eyes that seemed to glare down in to his, like a beautiful golden eagle that had locked on to it's prey.
He found himself rather impressed by her iron clad will power and self-control. He maintained his smirk and didn't say a word. He didn't know why he was edging her like this. Maybe it was the drink, maybe it was a secret kink that even he didn't know he had until now. Maybe his overwhelming lust for this woman simply made him want to get under her skin in the most obscene ways. George wanted to impress her with his skill, and he wanted her to want him as much as was the other way around. The rules of the party just seemed to make him want to for the sake of it as well. Did he even want to make her a little cross? Was he taking his frustrations with his wife out on this beautiful, undeserved bombshell?
Now the question was, how would this stunning member of the female species respond. Would she stomp off in a huff? He knew that once upon a time, he'd have been pretty annoyed at being edged like that. Would she slap him and then storm off in a huff?
No, instead, She grabbed him by the ends of his shoulder length hair on either side of his face and motioned for him, without hurting him in the least, to stand up. He thought for sure she was super pissed. He even closed his eyes in anticipation, knowing he somewhat would deserve a few slaps. Instead she felt a hand cup his balls and a pair of delicate lips on the lobe of his ear, nibbling away as only a womans lips could.
'Oh fuck, she wants me.' Is what ran through his mind. Confirmation came in the form of her ripping his swim shorts down his legs. She did it so quickly and inconsiderately that he winced when he felt his cock whip from the sudden down force in it's mostly erect state.
He couldn't help but to let his body respond in kind. He looked around and noticed, for the first time since he started this, the people nearby, watching them. By this point, a few of them even had their bits and pieces hanging out while they played with them. It gave him a slight buzz to know other people were enjoying his display, that his body, his physique could be so pleasing to another.
Two security guards were keeping their eye on them at this point, as per their instructions. Was this part of the hosts sick pleasure too? The guards must be getting driven insane with all of this stimulation and no outlet. George began to wonder is the hosts were both a pair of sadists. But he didn't mind one bit. He wanted to play along. Now that he'd started, he didn't want to stop. He was entirely complicit.
He ached for her lips to swallow him whole as she teased his exposed, mushroomed head with the entrance of her dripping pussy. The bouncers drew a few steps closer as it happened, keeping a clear sight of what was going on. They were very strict on the rules. No full penetration, among a few others. A gutteral groan built up inside of him as he watched the two guards, knowing he was entirely at her mercy right now. He even thought it might almost be worth it if she just slipped him in.
She moved his head up and through her pussies lips, slowly, sensually, then back down again, stroking him as it happened. Every fiber of his being begged him to take her, but he resisted as few men ever could. He let himself be completely at her mercy, was only fair after all.
As he felt his loins hardening further, having grown a full half an inch since she started, she slowed down. His breathing was deep and quiet, almost at a stop but his chest clearly heaved. The woman was half driving herself crazy with lust too but she wanted to show him who was boss.
She pulled away ever so slightly until only cold air could be felt on the tip of his dick. Her finger tips etching a path of pleasure on him as she dragged them savagely along his pleading knob. She wasn't done with him yet though. She knew she hadn't quite driven him there yet. He still had room to grow. She was going to show him what real edging was about.
Before his dick had a chance to retract even a smidge, she squatted, then put her mouth around him. She kissed him on the tip of his dick and with a popping down, she released again. His dick twinged. A woman in the corner of his field of vision was starting to finger herself, having lost control already, needing a release. 'Weakling' He thought as he fought every nerve in his body.
She did it again and his dick pulsed this time. He felt as if he must have grown a quarter inch with that alone. Then she engulfed his entire head and with a slurpy sound this time, pulled her mouth back, sucking on him as she did so until once again his dick had released, creating that same pop noise once more. The amazing pleasure with the intermittent nature of it was slowly driving him mad.
He noticed her moving her head forward again and 'oh fuck' rang out in his head but this time she just kept going until the vast majority of his cock was engulfed in her mouth. She wasn't quite deep-throating and wasn't gagging yet at all as she stared him in the eyes, daring him to face fuck her with all his might. A gleeful grin exploded on his face as his dick was forced to grow in size. His eyes bulged just a little as he strained to keep himself in check.
If she tried to fuck or finish him right now he'd be powerless to resist, and the best part is she knew it. He held on and resisted as he felt himself grow. Then she did the unexpected. He must have been his full eight inches now and hard as granite. Her eyes locked on to his through the masks and then he felt his balls vibrate as from the depths of her vocal cords an almighty hum resonated down his shaft. His balls practically danced, inperceptibly to anyone on the outside.
He finally let out another gutteral groan as he quickly lost his ability to control himself. That familiar tingle in his loins began to appear and then she released him by pulling her mouth along his shaft, keeping a perfect seal the whole time, continuing to hum. She pulled his balls downward, almost with a yank and then repeatedly released, and then resealing her lips around him, making sure to seal her lips just behind where the crown of his dick started from.
It drove him almost insane and she stopped right before his point of no return with the skill of a true master courtesan. He'd stepped into the realm of simultaneous heaven and hell and he adored it. In the vagueness of his subconscious mind, he could hear other people reaching climax around them. No one else was orally fucking, just masturbating to the sight of George and this woman.
It was his turn to look at the smug impression of this womans face... or mask in this case. She didn't have that same self satisfied grin that he had, but he could tell she was very pleased with herself. There was this magnificent spark, between her and himself. He felt objectified and like a small piece of his manhood had returned to him. She felt like the most powerful of women, politics be damned.
She disappointingly thought he was going to give up as he slowly eased himself down out of the first stage of climax. He returned to his earlier line of thought. Yep, at least three inches taller than me, maybe three point five.
She yelped out loudly as he picked her up. The bouncers got closer, thinking this was about to get out of hand but stopped when George buried his face between her still covered tits while he parked her on top of the unusually and conveniently low, free bar. Her hands instinctively clasped the back of his head. Waves of pleasure flooded through her again as if her body was reliving the tongue lashing he gave her all over again. She moaned out loud as she felt his mouth cup one of her nipples through the bikini. The top half didn't give her much support but it did hold rather tight to her body so it almost felt as if he were directly touching her through the swim suit.
He was still pretty much naked but he was content to leave it as is for now. She needed a come back though, she couldn't allow this to be a one sided show again. His dick was still rock solid from earlier but was nowhere near climaxing like before as she grabbed his dick with her bare left foot, pushing his hips away a little in order to gain easy access.
Her soft, delicate feet felt nice at first touch and when the other foot accompanied, adding to the delicate pressure, the sensation only grew. As she jerked him off with her feet, his hips started to move a little. Her back was arched at this point and by some miracle, both of them were keeping the rules of this particular game somewhere in their minds. Then she got his dick between her middle and big toes. It almost felt like a hand and was so kinky at the same time. Now he moved forward, purposefully. Her flexibility that enabled this womans feet to stay glued to his shaft comfortably shining through as he did this. He skillfully, and with great control, pressed the head of his dick against her clitoris. She had a sharp, noticeable intake of air so he knew not to push anymore forward than that. Then he fucked his dick into her feet whilst repeatedly tapping on her clitoris meanwhile his hands took over the previous, playful ministrations of his mouth.
It had been a solid fifteen minutes since this entire show had begun. It had even drawn the attention of the host and hostess whom stood a ways off, masturbating together, their full focus only half on each other. The breathing of George and the woman had been excruciatingly heavy the entire time but neither showed much signs of tiring. They were however, incredibly turned on. Occassional grunts and groans and moans could be heard from on lookers but non dared to get involved. No one else was invited to this, and no one dared interrupt this sexual game of chicken for fear of breaking whatever spell this was.
George switched his hands with his mouth once more, applying just the tiniest bit more pressure on the womans clit as he pushed once more between her feet, clamped onto his dick with ever so fine a balance that felt simply exquisite.
That drove both of them to the edge. They nearly took each other down together in a blaze of glory but she pushed him away by the hips using her feet.
Then she dragged him back, again by the hair and he let her, but this time she placed him on top of the bar, lengthwise so that he was flatly laid up on it. His dick jotted upward proudly in all it's eight inches of glory. Had it actually gotten girthier too since they began, the woman wondered. How good it would feel to have that battleship buried deep inside her child factory. She resisted again.
From the side angle and standing while bent over him, she took him in to her mouth again. He wasn't going down quietly though. George didn't exactly know what he wanted to win, but he just knew he had to. So he plunged multiple fingers deep into her treasure trove and finger fucked her like his life depended on it. She moaned on to his dick as she did so which only worsened Georges cause. Then, with his the sheer brutish strength of his fleshy arms, he grabbed her tightly by the hips then yanked her up on to the bar with him, her ass end pointed towards his face.
She held on to his hips with both hands to stop from falling face first into the ground but had to release his dick from the suddenness of it. This gave him a few brief seconds to cool down while she settled. She had to stretch out her legs almost fully so that her knees were on the bar surface, the soft skin of her inner thights caressing his freshly shaven cheeks. This also gave him a few seconds to rally as he lined his mouth up with her vulva. He gave a confident lick all of the way along her slit from clit to the very far edge of her pee hole.
She gave out a loud, unrestrained moan as she suddenly sat up on her knees which just barely had the edge of the bars surface beneath them. She had a huge grin of her face as she could feel the stretch of her legs around him as she dove down and buried that dick in her mouth once more. She loved that he wasn't so small, both in dick and in general physique.
George was definitely leading the charge this time but she wouldn't let him have it without a fight. Simultaneously, both resisted the urge to erupt from their loins while trying to force a dramatic climax out of the other. Somehow nearly the entirely of the party had focussed in on them now. Most had already climaxed long ago and yet still could not tear their eyes away. Some were even on their second or third climax by now. Neither could control their gutteral soundtracks anymore. The room was a muzzled reverie of fornication.
George could feel it, he had briefly gained the advantage but was going to lose if he kept the same pace as her. He changed tact and poked the tip of his middle finger up against the pucker of her asshole. He remembered briefly that anal penetration was also off limits, but not for fingers, just like the pussy. Poking instead of penetrating would be more effective though. She moaned louder and hummed harder, sliding up and down his glistening shaft faster as they went. The climax was nearing, they both felt that they were beginning to lose the battle. Then she returned the favour and poked a finger into George's asshole. But going a little deeper and stopping at the second knuckle. He was about to let out a serious moan as he lost his shit but craftily translated that into a penultimate vibration against the womans clit, using her own tactic against her. His dick exploded with amazing force in to her mouth with only a quarter second delay of the womans own blistering climax. She poured a river onto his face and he lapped at her quivering cunt. After twenty five minutes, the stalemate had finally been broken. Both came crashing down in an amazing blaze of gory.
George smiled at her, still neither saying a word. He acknowledged that she had won in the end, he did come a quarter second sooner after all, but he didn't feel like he'd lost at all. Neither moved for about thirty seconds after their twenty second long, combined orgasm. Then they got up and smile stupidly at each other for at least a few minutes while a roar of cheers and claps erupted throughout the building. They blushed hardcore but didn't lose their smiles while very slowly, their breathing returned to normal. Sweat and cum dribbled off of both of them. She had swallowed most of his and he had caught as much as he could himself from her. They were like star struck lovers but neither would say a word for fear of waking up from their dream.
He had felt fullfilled, for the first time in two years as a man. He felt powerful and young and like the king of the world again because of this vixen of a queen sat before him. She in turn felt estaticly pleased, and genuinely interested in the male half of the species once more. Never had she felt so powerfully desired, toyed with and then fucked to oblivion. Her womanhood right now had never felt more real.
And that is the end of Chapter One.