It had been a month since Jake had watched Harriet with Tom and during that time she had an insatiable appetite for sex. The strange mixed of feelings still swirled within him but he had an overwhelming sense of liberation. Some of their feelings had been under the surface for a very long time and now they were being expressed in the most passionate way.
They had delved further into their respective fantasies and whilst they hadn't had any further encounters of the sort with Tom, they both agreed that bringing other people into their relationship was going to happen again to help them live out their fantasies.
It became clear to Tom that Harriet had a clear bias towards being the centre of attention and had a large exhibitionist streak which had been surpassed under a huge lack of confidence throughout their relationship. Conversely, he was more submissive and liked to be under someones control, a complete opposite to his natural public persona.
They were both looking forward to a relaxing weekend in the city with no study or impending deadlines for their law degrees to worry about. A rare occurrence with their highly pressurised schedule. Jake's phone beeped and he saw that it was a message from Tom. Their relationship had been slightly odd after the encounter between him and Harriet. These two friends and teammates sharing slightly awkward conversations without touching upon the topic of Harriet.
Jake read the message to Harriet, noticing the subtle bite of her lip when he mentioned Tom's name.
"Hi guys, hope you are looking forward to the free weekend. I am going away with some friends but my parents are in town with some of their business partners. They have asked if you would like to have dinner with them as they want to pick your brains on the current legal teachings in uni. 7pm at the townhouse on Friday"
Harriets eyes went wide whilst I read the message aloud,
"Oh my god Jake, dinner with Clark and Marcia Walker! They are the owners of one of the best law firms in London! This could be a great opportunity to network for jobs after we graduate."
They both re read the message and agreed that this was a fantastic opportunity for them and replied immediately to Tom to let know that they were definitely keen to meet his parents and their partners. Tom replied with further details that there would be four of the firm's business partners attending for the weekend with their respective other halves.
Harriet hugged Jake tightly and then said
"Its Wednesday night! That only leaves me a day to find something to wear!" And with that she was gone through the door to the bedroom.
Thursday passed without incident for Jake but Harriet was busy getting her nails done and waxing her legs to ensure she looked her best in the little black dress she had found to wear. Friday seemed to drag and Jake suggested that they spent the morning in the gym to work out some excess nervous energy.
As 7pm approached they were walking down the affluent terrace of townhouses. Tom lived in the house which Clark and Marica owned and it was an impressive place. Spread over 5 floors there were 4 large ensuite bedrooms and a large entertaining space looking out onto a terrace and garden.
Tehy rang the bell next to the large black door with brass fittings and Jake suddenly though that the last time they were here he woke up in the middle of the night to the sounds of Harriet with Tom. He quickly shook the memory from his head to concentrate on making a good first impression.
The door opened and a well dressed male greeted the pair. Jake had been expecting to see Clark or Marica but instead a butler had opened the door. Jake thought to himself that he should have known better that someone of the means and wealth of Clark and Marica Walker wouldn't be opening doors themselves!
The butler lead them through the hallway into a large open plan kitchen diner. There were 8 people stood chatting in the room and Clark, upon hearing the three approaching, turned and walked towards Jake and Harriet, with his hand outstretched to greet them.
"Hi, you must be Jake and Harriet. It is fantastic to meet you. Thank you so much for coming along!" Clark was about 6 feet tall and of medium build, he was an attractive older man, with the obvious benefits of a wealthy lifestyle which gave him numerous holidays to top up his tan and personal trainers to keep him in shape. As they made small talk a woman came to join him.
"Jake, Harriet, this is my wife Marica." Jake and Harriet shook hands and made some introductory comments about weather and study.
Marica took two glasses of champagne from the tray the butler was holding and passed them to the two students before her. She was early forties but could easily pass for being in her thirties. She was about 5'10" and had a very curvaceous figure with large breasts and a very round ass. She was wearing a long red dress and complimented Harriet on her choice of a little black number.
"Come and meet everyone, everyone is dying to meet you and Tom has told us so much about you."
I wasn't sure if it was just me but there was something about the way she said the end of the sentence that stuck in my mind.
The other guests were Mike and Annabel, Jonathan and Carla and Max and Isabelle. The men were all partners at Walker & Co and both they and their wives were all impeccably well turned out. Jake began to feel a little intimidated in his £100 suit.
They all exchanged pleasantries and discussed the current legal situation in the country. Clark was particularly interested in the current teachings at the university as he was struggling to recruit good calibre individuals. Jake and Harriet shared a brief touch of hands under the table when they sat down for dinner in a silent nod to the fact that this could be the best opportunity to secure graduate jobs after university.
The meal passed very pleasantly for everyone and by the end of it Jake and Harriet felt extremely comfortable in the company of all the people around the table. It turned out that Annabel and Harriet shared a love of tennis and Jake had discussed the merits of various sports with both Max and Jonathan for the duration of the meal.
One the dessert was finished the butler announced that coffee would be served in the basement. Harriet and Jake looked at each other, both had been to the house a number of times and had never seen or heard mention of a basement.
"We only use it on special occasions." Said Clark getting up from the table. "And tonight is a special occasion of welcoming two new friends."
With that he beckoned the rest of the party to follow him to a door behind the stairs which opened to a large staircase winding down into the basement. Jake was amazed at the size of the basement. He had envisaged bricks and damp but what greeted him was a large room with a full dining suite at one end, and two large sofas facing each other in front of a fireplace at the other end. It as impeccably decorated and the furniture alone would be worth a fortune. There was exposed brickwork behind the fireplace and two wooden beams which ran from floor to ceiling in between the sofas and the dining area.
'Please, sit everyone." Said Clark as he went to a glass cabinet and took out a bottle of wine. "Unless anyone really wants coffee?" He said with a laugh, joined by the whole group.
The conversation continued and Jake kept noticing Marica from the corner of his eye looking towards the couple. Everyone was laughing and joking away but he sensed that she was waiting to say something.
Suddenly she interrupted the conversation.
"Harriet, Tom tells me you had a very interesting time last time you were in this house."
Harriet's cheeks went a crimson red and I thought she would run from the room but she sat, waited a moment or two and let the flush of embarrassment subside. Marcia gave her a little wink to soften her previously stern demeanour.
"It's OK honey." she continued "Tom told us everything, he always does. That little episode is the reason you are here tonight, and the reason why you two will be graduate interns at Walker & Co next year, providing tonight goes smoothly." Jake and Harriet didn't know which emotion was going to overcome them first. The looked at eachother and smiled with the knowledge that their futures would be secure with great jobs in a fantastic company and then they started to think more deeply about why Marcia had referenced the sexual involvement of Tom.
"Hang on a second." Said Jake "What do you mean 'if tonight goes smoothly.' As he scanned the faces around the table he could see that there was no embarrassment or emotion from the rest of the guests. They all looked to Marcia denoting that she was fully in charge of the situation.
Marcia stood up and walked slowly around the table, her heels clicking as she stepped on the wooden floor. She stopped behind Jake, trailed her finger from his ear down to the collar of his shirt and dug her fingers in-between the shirt and his neck.
"Better to show you rather than tell you, Boy" she whispered in his ear and yanked his collar so that he immediately stood up.
She lead him across to one of the wooden beams and pushed him back against it. She stared intently at him, eye to eye at the same height due to her heels. She walked behind him and the beam and pulled his arms back behind him and the beam. Behind the beam and out of sight was a set of cuffs which she swiftly and expertly coupled around him.
"Hey, what are you.."
"Shush Jake. I will give you that one for free but speak again without my permission and you will regret it. Do you understand?" She said with a menacing tone.
"Erm Yes, I guess" stammered Jake.
Marcia strutted away from Jake and back to the table. She sat down at the end of the table in her original position at the head with her back to the restrained Jake at the beam. Everyone was looking at her, but Harriet was avoiding eye contact, struggling to take in the scene around her.
"Harriet, this is how tonight will go. Tom has informed us of the exploits of you and Jake. We know from our experience and that of Tom with you, what you will like and dislike. We are not new to this, nor are we incompetent. You are going to have a fantastic time and are in no danger whatsoever. You can leave at any time. Our little gathering here happens for anyone wishing to graduate into our business, but we have made an exception this year in inducting both of you rather than then traditional one. Everyone here is clean and respectful. I you were ever going to live out these fantasies of yours, this is the best possible environment for you to do it."
Harriet looked at Marcia now, trying to take in what she had heard. Whilst she had really opened up in the last couple of months, this was completely new territory for her and she was obviously intimidated by vixen who was talking to her.
Clark interrupted by putting a reassuring hand on Harriets forearm.
"Dear, this is going to be a lot of fun and with it, you get the added bonus of the job of your dreams afterwards. All you need to do is say yes."
Harriet looked over Marica's shoulder at Jake and then looked back and gave a brief nod accompanied by one word. "Yes."
Once that happened Marcia picked up a small bell on the table and gave it a short ring. The door to the basement opened and everyone turned at the unmistakeable sound of high heels coming down the wooden steps. Into view came a pair of black patent leather heels followed by slim black toking clad legs. The legs seemed to go on forever until Jake realised that there was not going to be a dress, a skirt or any other clothing for that matter. A shaven pubic area came into view with the next step, then a slim toned midriff, followed by a gorgeous pair of medium sized breasts with small nipples and finally the face. At that point both Jake and Harriet gave audible gasps.
The naked beauty walking down the stairs was Jennifer Mallory. Current 1st year graduate intern at Walker & Co and previous of the University Law programme and captain of the netball team. Harriet's face hardened. She had an intense dislike of Jennifer Mallory ever since she saw her dancing up against Jake one night at the University Sports Dinner. Jake had admitted to finding her attractive (which was only natural given her looks) and Harriet had hated her ever since.
Marcia looked over at Harriet as Jennifer stood silently, and very nakedly at her side. She had a small collar on her neck and Marcia clipped a silver leash to it.
"Harriet. Your dislike for Jennifer is known to us and we are going to explore that with you tonight. You need to be able to use your emotions in the right way to fulfil your fantasies. We are going to now deal with jealousy and how you use it in a positive way."
With his Marcia stood up and walked to a cabinet across the room. From the drawer she produced a pair of scissors and walked over to Jake. She started to cut away at his clothes.
"Hey what are you..." Exclaimed Jake until Marcia swiftly and expertly grabbed and squeezed both of his balls tight.
"I told you boy, speak when spoken to!"
Jake grimaced and nodded. Marcia kept going with her scissors for a couple of minutes until Jakes clothes were ribboned in a heap on the floor. She then cut through his laces and slipped his shoes off.
Jakes embarrassment was obvious from his face but his cock was already semi hard, mainly from the vision of Jennifer Mallory naked in from of him.
"Jennifer, on your knees please." Said Marcia. Immediately Mallory was on her knees kneeling with her face at equal height to Jakes rapidly hardening cock and about a foot away.
"Harriet, you are going to watch this, and you are going to get all angry and frustrated but I want you to take it all in and then we will use it later."
"Jennifer, start to suck Jake's balls. I want them very wet. Then when they are, I want you sucking his cock very deep. Work him up, and no hands."
Jake felt like he was going to explode and he hadn't even been touched yet. The last ten minutes had been a complete whirlwind and here he was with the stunning object of his desire about to suck his cock.
Mallory went to work on Jake's balls noisily slurping and spitting on them to get them in the state demanded by Marcia. Once she was satisfied that her mistress would be happy, she started with the head of his cock in her mouth and slowly pushed down inch by inch until the entire seven inches was engulfed in her throat.
"Good girl. See how good that is making him feel Harriet? Jennifer is deepthroating your boyfriend and he is loving it. Possibly loving it more than when you do it."
Harriet was visibly angered and her nails were gripping the side of her chair.
Marcia looked content with the control she had over the situation and the emotions of the individuals involved. Jake's head was back against the beam and Jennifer's head stayed pushed right against him with his cock wedged in her throat. Marcia instructed her to bob up and down on his cock which she dutifully did for the next couple of minutes.
"Stop." Said Marcia suddenly. Jakes eyes opened with a pleading look which Marcia chuckled at. "OK Jake, I want to hear from you. Did you enjoy that?"
"Yes." Said Jake
"Come of Jake you can do better than that. Describe it for me and Harriet!"
"Er, yes it was good having Jennifer sucking my cock." Replied Jake.
"Jake!" Said Marcia suddenly "You enjoyed facefucking my little slut Jennifer and having your nice dick down her throat didn't you!?" Marcia almost shouted at him. "Remember this for next time!"
Marcia walked around the table and stood next to Harriet as Jake and Jennifer were absolutely still in their respective positions. All eyes in the room followed Marcia.
"Right Harriet, now your turn to help. Jennifer is going to be a good little slut and make Jake cum. You are going to choose where. So where is it to be, face, tits or ass. Your choice."
Harriet's face reddened again at the thought of her boyfriend orgasming with Jennifer fucking Mallory. Suddenly Marcia grabbed a fistful of Harriets hair and pulled her head back and whispered in her ear "face, tits or ass".
"Erm ass" said Harriet without really thinking, the decision more being that it was the last option than a conscious choice.
"Oh good choice dear girl. Good choice. You heard the girl Jennifer, make Jake cum on your ass."
With that Jennifer stood up swivelled round on her heels and back her gorgeous butt up against Jakes cock. She bent over and reached behind herself to slowly walk him whilst rubbing her ass cheeks up and down. Jake's eyes were wide with the sight before him and he was getting close. She gripped him tightly and kept squeezing her ass check around the sides of his shaft.
"Make sure you cum over her ass Jake." Shouted Marcia for her position behind Harriet, enjoying her see her shift uncomfortably in her seat at the thought.
All of a sudden Jake exclaimed that he was cumming. At this, Jennifer looked up directly at Harriet and gave her a little wink before the first stream of cum covered her ass. Jake continued to shot stream after stream of cum all over her ass as he noisily orgasmed and Jennifer smiled and bit her lip as she smiled every drop from him.
She grabbed his thick shaft and proceeded to rub his cum all over her cheeks and paid particular attention to covering her little asshole.
"Beautiful Jennifer, well done. A little naughty with the wink but I will punish you for that later." Said Marcia. "Its about time you got cleaned up isn't it.
Harriet finally started to regain some composure as she realised that Jennifer would be leaving to get rid of Jake's cum from her ass. Marcia had other ideas. She walked round to where Jennifer was dutifully standing in front of Jake and grabbed her leash. She walked her back round the table to where Harriet was and pulled the chairs slightly to the side to give her access to the table.
"Hop up on the table Jennifer." Marcia said. 'Get on your hands and knees with your ass facing me." Jennifer did as she was told and soon she was on all fours on the table facing Jonathan and with her ass to Harriet.
"Clean her up Harriet." Said Marcia matter of factly.
Harriet looked up and backwards at Marcia with a pleading look as if to say 'I can't, I've never done this.'. Marcia quickly countered any argument by gripping her hair firmly and whispering in her ear.
"Clean her up now or you can kiss goodbye to any of the pleasure you are going to get later and two jobs in our firm. Lick all that cum off her ass and asshole NOW."
Slowly Harriet edged her seat forward, gave a nervous glance to Jake who was still breathing heavily and the put her tongue against Jennifer perfectly formed ass. She took one long lick from top to bottom, scooping a good mouthful of Jake's cum into her mouth before swallowing. Marcia gave a contented sigh behind her, and Jennifer gave a low moan in front of her and then she repeated the process.
After a couple of minutes Harriet had cleaned up most of Jennifer ass cheeks and then had to go deeper to clean her pussy and asshole. As she pressed her face further forwards her nose brushed against Jennifer ass as her tongue started to clean her dripping wet pussy. Harriet couldn't tell what was Jake's cum and what was Jennifer own juices at this point and just kept licking. Jennifers moans grew louder as Harriet started to get into a rhythm pausing only to make sure she licked the remaining cum from her asshole before starting on her pussy again. As Jennifer got closer to orgasm, Marcia sensed this and grabbed Harriets head. She firmly pushed her face into Jenniferes pussy so that Harriets tongue goes deeper and her nose squashes up against her ass. Jennifer suddenly exclaims that she is coming and Harriets muffled moans are heard as Marcia pushes her facing into the orgasming pussy in front of her. Jennifer bucks and squeals as she cums and floods Harriets mouth as she does.
As the orgasm subsides, Marcia releases her grip on Harriet's hair and lets her recline to her seat breathing heavily.
"Good girls." Says Marcia. "That is number one completed. Now it is time for our friends to help."