Joana was having a gay day. She stood in her high heeled shoes, full makeup and a short black dress giving evil looks to every guy who checked her out, and practically blowing kisses at all the women. She did this same thing for around two months every time she broke up with a guy.
This time however, she had gone a little further with it. She had been dating Sarah for around two weeks now. I had only met her once, but Joana seemed to be enjoying the whole girl on girl experience. Apparently Sarah had suggested her and Joana go on a double date with another gay couple she knew, I was dragged along because I'm practically Joana's pet these days.
So here we were, standing in the cold outside the Barfly waiting for Sarah and the other couple. Joana couldn't stop fixing her hair and reapplying makeup, I just smoked cigarettes one after another and tried to show how pissed off I was at her dragging me along by violently flicking them at the pavement when I'd finished.
So I flick my third cigarette to the floor and this is when they show up. Sarah was looking reasonably good (she's actually quite plain looking) but when she introduced her two friends Stephanie and Katie I felt like my evening had gotten a little better. Katie was HOT. I mean blonde bombshell hot. I could tell that Joana had noticed this too by her reaction to the introductions. First she was in shock, utterly speechless but after a few seconds to recuperate she turned on the charm.
Joana is a real life Megan Fox, she has the power of good looking and she uses it for evil. When she takes a couple seconds to look over someone and figure them out, she knows exactly what they're into and she becomes it. That's what she had just done with Katie.
Joana's whole stance, her complete personality had changed within a matter of seconds. She had switched from strong confident to shy girly girl. The worst part was Katie actually looked interested.
Sarah actually worked at barfly so we wouldn't really see her much throughout the night, she had just arranged the evening so that Joana and I could meet her friends.
We all said a quick hello and exchanged smiles and pleasantries. We made our way inside and picked a table. Sarah had about a half hour before starting her shift, so she stuck around for a while, once she left we ordered some strong drinks and had a really awesome time.
One hour later everyone is getting pretty drunk. Joana and Katie are openly holding eye contact across the table and Stephanie, Katie's girlfriend is getting jealous and overprotective. I realised it wouldn't be long until Joana makes her move, so when Stephanie finally went to the bathroom I got things moving.
I'd already told a few made up stories backing up Joana's new found girly girl persona, now I would have to breakup Steph and Katie. "Stephanie seems really nice, she obviously cares about you alot. I noticed she wouldn't let go of your hand the whole time you and Joana were talking, so sweet. I wish I could be in a relationship like that."
Now though it sounded like a compliment, if you'd read between the lines you'd see that what I was really saying was "Stephanie is really insecure and she is suffocating you." Joana shot me a smile, she knew what I was doing.
She then piped in with "If you ever want to talk about anything I'm here for you". Which was basically "I'm sweet, sensitive and a good listener." Also cleverly implying there was a problem in her relationship she might wanna talk about. "Wow, you two are such good friends, here, take down my number." Katie said taking out her phone. She was just slipping it into her bag when Stephanie came back, she flushed a little and took some lipstick out to cover up what she'd been doing.
Around ten minutes later Katie was getting to the 'trouble walking' stage of drunk. This is when Joana made her move.
She always had a small fold out mirror in her handbag with some girly cosmetic powdery stuff attached and if she snapped it shut the powder went all over her. She did this now. Poof! "Oh gosh, I can't believe that happened, it's all over me now!". When you stand up fast enough, like its a real emergency, especially at a round table, everyone else around you will stand up too.
She started twirling and patting herself down and Katie patted her down to. Then Joana started patting Katie down with an "oh no, you're getting it all over yourself". It was totally lame but it had worked for Joana before and it was just enough to send Stephanie over the edge. She shouted things like "all over each other" and "flirting like mad all night" before storming off upset.
Katie made an attempt at going after her, but when she figured out she'd had trouble walking she sat back down. Joana moved in closer to comfort her and they whispered for a while to each other. When Sarah came over to check how things were going I told her Stephanie had stormed off, to which she replied "She's always getting jealous for no reason, I'll talk to her later". Joana told her that Katie was a bit upset so we were gonna walk her to the bus stop then go home ourselves, and after giving her a kiss on the cheek and saying goodbye, we left.
What happened next is obvious. On the walk to the bus stop Joana had alot of fun touching up Katie, using the excuse that she was to drunk to walk. At the last minute Joana invited her to come home with us, an offer which she accepted, because 'her parents would be mad if she came home drunk'. For the whole bus ride the two of them were stroking each others hands and thighs.
By the time the bus journey back to Joana's was over, Katie had completely sobered up and it was absolutely pissing down with rain outside. As we walked from the bus stop through the park to Joana's we all got soaking wet. The two girls were dancing and skipping throughout the whole walk and they stopped around the corner from Joanas house and made out. Joana had Katie up against a wall with her hand up her top stroking her perfect C cups, while Katie stroked her hips and ass, pushing her closer.
As Joana knocked at her front door (dripping from head to toe and looking very disheveled) Katie stood behind her with her hand up Joana's dress, squeezing her ass. She was still doing this when Joana's mother answered and asked her how her evening had gone and who her guest was. Joana just shook the rain from her face and told her it was a friend of hers and she would be staying the night. Joana's mother never said anything about her behaviour, she liked to think she was understanding but really she just didn't care.
The three of us walked up the stairs and into Joana's bedroom, dripping all over the floor. Once we had shut the door behind us we all started to take off our wet clothes. Joana and Katie helped each other, pushing each other close and pecking on the lips. When they had gotten to their underwear they dried each other with a large pink towel and laid down together on the bed, pushing the covers over them.
I could hear the sound of them kissing and new that Joana was laid on top of Katie as they softly made out. After a few minutes the duvet lifted and Joana (with Katie's pink bra and silk panties in her hand) rose up from them and dropped them to the floor. I could see her down to her waist where the covers had moved and her bra had already been taken off, revealing beautiful big DD's with perfect hard pencil eraser nipples.
Katie's head rose up from the duvet beneath her and gently began to kiss and suck them, wrapping her arms around her waist and pulling her back down on top of her. After a few more minutes the shape of Joana moved down the bed along with the covers and I saw Katie's face contorting in pleasure as Joana gave her 'the best oral pleasure she had ever had'. I heard Katie whisper 'fuck' over and over until she reached an amazing climax that even Joana's parents downstairs must have heard.
When it came Joana's turn to cum she insisted to Katie that I watch. Joana then sat at the edge of the bed facing me with her legs hanging down and exposing her amazing trimmed pussy and Katie sat on the floor between her legs at a slight angle so I could get a better look at what she was doing.
First she stroked Joana's legs tenderly whilst kissing her breasts and stomach, then kissed downwards past her perfect hips and began to kiss her thighs, then slowly and teasingly worked her way to Joana's pussy.
She licked gently at first, making circles with her tongue. Joana lovingly stroked Katie's hair, soft cheeks and lips as katie wrapped her arms around her waist, gently pushing her body closer and lapping deeper at her pussy. As Joanas moans became more frequent, Katie's movements became got faster as she seemed to get more excited. Katie then gently stroked at Joana's pussy lips with her thumb moving gently downwards, getting it all wet, and then gently sliding it in and out of Joana's pussy as she massaged her clit with her tongue.
Joana started to get really excited, she looked me right in the eyes as she climaxed with a loud moan, pushing Katie's head hard into her wet pussy. When she came, she came hard and loud. When it was over Katie licked her lips and wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. She looked like she was getting tired.
Joana reached to the side of her bed and took a small cardboard box from underneath. When she laid back down on the bed she had a smile on her face and a large purple vibrator in her hand...
The evening wasn't over yet.