I'm in my 50s now, but back when I was barely 20 at college I'd been out running early one chilly November Sunday morning and found myself completely alone in the shower room enjoying the hot water blasting over my lean fit body. Lost in my own thoughts, I started thinking about my girlfriend, a lovely girl with the most perfect breasts I have ever seen before or since. The night before, slightly drunk, she had told me she would really like to watch me stand in front of her and masturbate, and the latent exhibitionist in me was rapidly starting to wake up.
As a scenario started to play through my mind my cock quickly began to grow and soon I was acting out the scene for her, stroking a very hard cock in my shower cubicle. I was getting close to a very hot orgasm when suddenly I heard the changing room door opening, and practically jumped out my own skin. Shit. An old building in Manchester (UK), the showers were those old fashioned open tiled walls, set in two rows of six, opposite each other. No doors or curtains. Shit.
I quickly faced away from the opening and began washing my hair with plenty of shampoo and trying to think of things like cold half eaten burgers or changing the oil in my car. Behind me I heard another shower start up and the sounds of someone washing. Was it right behind me or one down? I couldn't tell, and I couldn't really risk looking round because, despite my thought processes although my cock had subsided a little, it was still obviously semi hard. Worse still, my predicament was strangely arousing and that damn exhibitionist in me was starting to overcome the oil change and cold burgers!
Just brazen it out, I thought. He probably won't even see, but even if he does, he'll look away embarrassed and ignore me. Hair rinsed, I turned off my shower and turned around. Oh God. He was staring right at my cock and did not even blink, let alone look away... and he was also semi hard. Very clearly semi hard. It was a strange moment and I could hear my heart pounding in my ears. In only 3 or 4 heartbeats my cock simply surged into life and I was massively erect. My erections have always been very hard but this was an erection like no other.
The effect on my voyeur friend was equally electric and suddenly we were both openly staring at each other's hardons and not a word had been spoken. As if it was the most natural thing in the world, I squeezed a bit of shampoo on to my hand and started stroking my cock right there in front of a naked, erect stranger. It was a very, very horny moment and I was clearly enjoying the situation as I leaned back and pushed my hips forwards to give him the best possible view. He quickly started working on his own cock and let out a small involuntary groan of pleasure.
Neither of us was going to last very long, especially me since I had already been masturbating before he got there. Also, it was quite a risky situation and anyone could walk in at any time, which seemed to add considerably to the excitement. Anyway, after no more than a minute or two I turned sideways, leaning back on the shower dividing wall, my back arched even further and my cum jetted out of my cock with the second and third blasts spraying against the opposite dividing wall. Seconds later my friend let out a long low guttural groan and he creamed as well. It was an incredibly erotic moment and my exhibitionist genie was well and truly out of the box.