All my adventures are from when I was 18 and over.
The rest of the workmen had joined the guy I'd had fun with earlier in the week. Because of college and a work placement, I'd not seen much of them, apart from when I'd walked past my bedroom window naked and caught several of them glancing up, nudging each other and grinning like schoolboys.
My lone worker friend from the first day of construction had assured me he hadn't spoken of our adventure, not that it would have bothered me if he had, and said the guys had been very excited about catching me walk past my window, although they were worried about being caught spying.
"You can tell them there's nothing to worry about." I'd said, adding, "I think you know that," with a cheeky smile.
The extension to the decking and the rest of the landscaping was almost complete, and knowing they would be finished in the next day or so, I decided to have some fun. Late afternoon I went for my usual run, waving at the guys as they watched me jog out of the garden, knowing they were looking at my ass in my skimpy, high-cut running shorts, taking in my breasts, clad in only a sports bra.
On my return, I could see them looking slyly at my breasts. The material of my sports bra was damp, as I'd deliberately wet it from my water bottle, and light enough in colour that my nipples showed through. Taking a fresh bottle of water from the fridge, I stood by the large kitchen window. I looked over the garden as I sipped it and heard a low whistle from one of the guys, followed by a few comments.
Pretending not to hear, I turned away, my back to them, and took the damp sports bra off, pulling on a T-shirt that came down to the top of my thighs. Taking my bra to the washing machine, I put it in, bent and swiftly removed my shorts and panties and did the same with them.
The washing machine was visible from the large bi-fold patio doors. Looking up, I could tell from their faces that they'd seen me take off my shorts and panties, although they wouldn't have seen anything except my toned legs as the T-shirt rode up almost to my buttocks.
They were all staring at me, my first-day friend grinning in anticipation as I walked over and sat in one of the garden loungers. The T-shirt slid high over my legs as I settled back, and I could tell they were trying to see if there was anything on show, which made me smile. "Haven't you got work to do?" I asked. And some looked away, a bit sheepish, knowing they'd been caught staring, perhaps worried about being 'pervy'.
My friend said, "I think you've excited them." I let a devilish grin flash across my face, "And why would that be?" I looked down to see his crotch shift slightly and knew he was getting hard, perhaps remembering our masturbation fun. "Is it because you spied on me when I put my panties in the washing machine? Is this what you wanted to see as I bent over?"
I stood and leaned forward from the waist, placing my hands on the lounger, feeling the T-shirt slide over my legs, exposing the curve of my bottom, feeling the air on my bare cheeks, knowing full well that if I bent a little more and splayed my legs, my pussy would also be on display. There was a disbelieving gasp and a comment, "No, but that's pretty hot," from one of the guys.
Turning towards them, I smiled and squatted. My pussy was undoubtedly a little open in this position but shadowed by the T-shirt and closed thighs. "I won't let any of you touch or fuck me, but I can put on a show, and you can masturbate over me if you like?" I said as I inched up the T-shirt and opened my legs, putting myself on full display in front of them. I wanted to touch myself very badly, so I stood and pulled my top up over my head, freeing my breasts, which from the smiles, they seemed to like.
A minute passed in silence. It was like the men were taking in every inch of my body. I sat back on the lounger and dangled my legs over the sides so the ball of my feet rested on the ground. In this position, my pussy was open to them, nothing hidden. I dropped my hands between my legs, running a finger over my lips, spreading myself, slipping it easily between them as I was so wet.
"Are you going to join me or what?" I said a little breathless.
My friend broke the silence, saying, "What the hell?" As he undid his zip and pulled out his cock, it was as hard and large as the day we'd had fun, a sheen of pre-come glistening at the head, and I shuddered at the memory of touching it.
The other guys followed suit as he stroked over me until everyone had their cock in hand. I imagined their rough hands exploring my body, taking me one after the other, my climax building. I moaned and shifted my hips as I slid my finger inside, then withdrew it and rubbed my clit. I felt the urge building and knew I wouldn't be able to stop myself if one of them decided to touch me.
As my orgasm took over, I felt a gob of something damp hit my breast and realised I wasn't alone in my excitement. Before I knew it, three guys were coming on me, semen landing mostly on my breasts and one or two drops on my face. One guy had positioned himself at the bottom of the lounger, and cum that had begun running down my lower belly joined the globs landing on my upper thighs and between my legs, covering my fingers as they worked on my pussy. I could do nothing about it, as my orgasm had me bucking my hips, gasping and enjoying the damp sensation of our mingled juices.
Most aimed for my chest, and I soon became glistening wet. As my orgasm began to subside and my senses returned to normal, I touched the sticky rivulets on my breasts, belly and thighs, catching my breath as the guys sorted themselves out, still not taking their eyes off me. My friend from the first day offered a hand as I stood, still a little shaky, and looking at the mess covering me, said apologetically, "Are you okay? I'm sorry if things have gone a little too far."
Really? I smiled at him reassuringly, granted it was an unusual way for a girl to behave, but then again, he should have known better from our first adventure.
"I would've stopped if it was going too far. I invited this, and it's what I asked for. I enjoyed it today. Who knows, maybe tomorrow I'll be horny again, but now I must go and shower you off me." I walked to the kitchen, pausing to let them (and probably my neighbour) have one last look at my nakedness before I took a long hot shower, wondering if I'd have the courage to let them all play with me next time if there was a next time.