Alice gets a new job
Alice needed a job. Her husband was always spending money, using a credit card that they couldn't afford. She never understood where the money was going, but they struggled to pay the bills. So Alice was happy when she got the job at the supermarket and saw a way out of their financial problems.
Margret was the boss and helped Alice learn the job. She was firm but fair. Alice worked hard, and soon Margret was confident that Alice could run the office without her assistance. It wasn't long before Margret left Alice alone in the office to run things, and Alice appreciated the confidence.
Margret would pop into the office and check things and then disappear. After a while, Alice realised that Margret would go shopping and have long lunches and was never there. Alice was running the office.
As Alice closed the books one day, she realised the float was over by $30. To make it all balance, she took $30 out and put it aside, meaning to talk to Margret about the surplus later. When Margret returned, however, she had been drinking and just said to Alice that she was going home and asked Alice to close up shop. Alice looked at the $30, slipped it into her dress, and closed the office. Over the next three months, this happened a few times. Once there was almost $300 in surplus. Alice took the money home to pay for school things and took the family out for dinner.
The next day, however, when Margret came into the office, she seemed a little upset. She asked Alice into her office in a somewhat stern tone.
Margret looked at Alice sternly and began, "I know you have been stealing money from the office!" she exclaimed.
"I will need to call the Police, it's Company Policy," she continued.
Alice started crying. As Margret passed her a tissue Alice just blurted out everything, her money troubles, her hopeless husband and the surplus money.
Margret picked up the phone and started dialling a number. Alice was sure it was the Police.
"Please, stop!" cried Alice.
"Can you return all the money you stole?" asked Margret, momentarily cancelling the call.
Alice just shook her head.
Alice looked at her, "I will do anything, please."
Margret looked up at Alice, and a little smile appeared.
Margret looked at Alice in her standard office dress with a zip down the back. The office where they worked was totally enclosed, the door was closed, and no one could see in.
Margret instructed Alice to stand up. She walked around her, inspecting her like a headmistress.
"I need you to take off your dress," Margret instructed.
Alice just stood there a little surprised, but she unzipped her dress, which fell to the ground. Margret continued to walk around her looking her up and down, and Margret then undid Alice's bra.
"Take it off, your knickers, too," instructed Margret as she admired Alice's young body and firm breasts. She tapped the desk and told Alice to bend over the desk, and Alice complied.
Alice felt Margret's hand on her bottom and then felt the sting of a slap.
"You are very naughty," Margret said as she slapped her again.
Alice had not been spanked before, and it made her instantly wet.
After each slap, Margret would run her long fingers over her bottom and inside her thighs. After a few more slaps, Margret's fingers toucher Alice's labia. Margret's fingers were wet, and they lingered on her outer lips. Alice was very aroused and could not help but let out a low moan.
Another slap stinging her bottom, and then Margret's wet finger slid inside her wet cunt.
"hmm, you are a hungry little thing, aren't you?" Margret inquired.
"Aren't you?" asked Margret, demanding an answer.
"Yes. Yes, I am," replied Alice.
Margret then started to finger Alice, teasing her, fucking and tapping her clit. Alice was pushing into Margret's and close to cumming when Margret just stopped.
"Now get dressed and get back to work," Instructed Margret.
Alice was about to put her knickers back on when then Margret said, "No, leave the panties off".
Alice spent the day at the office working, but she did slip into the changing rooms and bought on her needy orgasm. Margret came to see her late in the day.
"So Alice, I have reviewed what has happened and decided not to report to you," Margret explained.
Alice was so relieved.
"Alice, I will need something in return," Margret continued.
Alice nodded. A little confused.
"I have some people coming to dinner on Friday, and I want you to be my waitress. I will need you to wear lingerie," Margret continued.
"If you do a good job and do what I ask, I will pay you $300," Margret concluded.
Alice thought about this for a moment. She felt indebted to Margret, needed the money, and the thought of herself in lingerie serving people turned her on. She Agreed.
Alice rang the doorbell at Margret's house. She was excited about what was about to happen. Margret walked her into the lounge, where three other people sat. She introduced her husband, Mark and her friends, Helen and Grant.
"Alice is going to be our waitress tonight," Margret announced.
Alice followed Margret into her spare bedroom.
"Okay, show me," instructed Margret.
Alice slipped off her dress to reveal a beautiful blue matching bra and panty set. The g-string back exposed her shapely bottom, and Margret ran her fingers over her and then gave it a little smack.
Margret showed Alice her kitchen, and Alice felt sexy in her lingerie. Margret instructed her to take champagne into the lounge and fill the guest's glasses. In the lounge, the three looked at Alice intently. She was making comments about how great she looked. As she poured Marks champagne, Helen commented on her perfectly shaped bottom. As she topped up Grant's glass, Mark put his hand on her and told her she was doing an outstanding job. Alice started to feel relaxed. In the kitchen, Margret poured Alice champagne, and Alice gulped it to Margret's amusement.
Alice invited the guests to sit at the table as Margret bought out the entrees. Margret guided Alice to stand beside Helen as the guests ate and drank their wine. As Alice stood next to Helen, she suddenly felt Helen's hands start to stroke Alice's bottom, and Helen squeezed her buttocks. Alice felt instantly wet as Helen's fingers ran over her panties. Grant was watching Helen's hands on Alice. Alice could see his hand on his pants and the outline of his hardening manhood.
When they finished, Alice was instructed to clear the plates. Helen moved to the lounge as Margret went back into the kitchen.
"Come sit with me, Alice," said Helen. Helen was an attractive woman in her late 30s, wearing a tight skirt and blouse. They sat on the lounge as the men sat across from them. Helen's hand slowly stroked Alice's leg.
"Alice. I want you to open your legs for the men," instructed Helen.
The men watched as Alice did what she was told.
"Now Alice Margret told me you have been a very naughty employee. Is that correct?" inquired Helen.
Alice nodded
"Margret said you will do anything we ask?"
Alice nodded again.
" Well, I see you have made Grant very horny. I think he wants you to suck on his cock?" Helen laughed.
Alice watched as Grant stood up and unzipped his trousers and revealing his large and very hard cock. Alice had always loved to suck cock. She slipped off the couch and crawled over to Grant, taking his manhood in her mouth.
They all watched Alice work Grants' cock. Helen stood beside them and asked Grant if she was doing a good job, and he nodded as he slowly fucked her mouth. It wasn't long before Grant started moaning.
"You want him to come in your mouth, don't you, Alice," asked Helen.
Alice was busy sucking him but looked up and gave a muffled sound of agreement. Grant filled Alice's mouth. His hot squirts made her gag.
"Good girl," said Helen as cum dripped from Alice's mouth.
She was bewildered at first and did as she was told because she didn't want to get into trouble with the Police. Alice was very turned on now.
Alice wiped her mouth and returned to serving drinks. Margret undid Alice's bra and told her to take off her panties. The guests enjoyed looking at and touching her, and Mark said he wanted to suck her breasts.
"He does love breasts," Margret informed Alice.
Alice offered Mark her nipples and breasts. Mark was very experienced. He sucked her whole breast and then took time licking her nipples. Alice was dripping by the time he had finished.
As she moved around the table, she noticed that Helen had her hand in her underwear and was teasing herself. She watched Helens' hand in fascination. Helen removed her underwear, exposing her glistening pussy. Helen looked at Alice pushing her chair back, and opened her legs.
'Alice, come and lick me," Helen instructed.
Alice dropped to her knees and sank her mouth and Helens' wet pussy. She had a woman lover in college and enjoyed the experience. Helen was in bliss as Alice licked and sucked her. Holding Alice's head against her, Helen violently shook as she pushed her clit hard into Alice's face. Everyone watched as Helen moaned and purred. Alice slipped a finger inside Helen, which made her cum almost instantly. As Helens' orgasm subsided, Alice got up. Her face was soaked.
Alice cleared the table as she wiped Helens' juices from her mouth. When she returned from the kitchen, Mark stood naked next to Margret. He was in good shape for a man of 45. Margret instructed Alice to come to the table and bed over. Alice did what she was instructed and bent over the desk. Helen, Margret and Grant watched Mark walk behind her, sliding his wet fingers deep into her. Mark took time to feel all of her, stroking her inner walls.
She was enjoying his fingers but then slipped his fingers out and then pushed his large cock deep inside her, stretching her. He felt strong, and he filled her. He started fucking her harder. She looked at them, watching as he used her. He played with her nipples and kissed her as his balls slapped her outer lips. It wasn't long before Mark exploded inside her. He held it there, pulsing inside her, throbbing. She felt his cum dripping out of her as he withdrew.
"Hmm, good girl," said Margret. "You liked that, didn't you?" Alice nodded.
"But you haven't cum yet, have you, Alice? You want to cum don't you, Alice?" smiled Margret.
Alice nodded as Helen came in from the lounge holding a vibrator. Come into the lounge.
"Could you put on a show for us?" asked Helen.
Alice was led into the lounge and offered the lounge and the vibrator. All four watched as she turned on the vibrator and held it against her clit. She was very turned on and had lots of small climaxes, and Margret instructed her to fuck it. Alice did as she was told and plunged the vibrator deep into her pussy, fucking herself as everyone watched. Within minutes she moaned and screamed as she experienced the strongest orgasm she had ever had. She lay spent as the audience clapped.
Margret told her she had done an excellent job and it was time for her to go home. Alice walked to the front door, exhausted and glowing.
Margret met her on the way out and gave her 300 dollars.
"You have a beautiful body. Did you enjoy yourself?" smiled Margret.
"If ever you need extra money, you should do this rather than steal from the office," Margret suggested.
When Alice arrived home, he was lying on the couch. He asked how the meeting was.
"The boss has offered me a new role with much more money!" Alice replied with a smile.