A loving brother helps his shy sister come out of her shell
^^^
I'm not a sick bastard!
I know it looks that way.
I'm sneaking into the bathroom while my younger sister is in the shower. Sure I glanced at her, but I wasn't there to spy and I couldn't see anything anyway. Her naked body was a dark shadow behind the opaque shower curtain. I didn't look to satisfy some prurient curiosity, I was checking to see if I had been detected as I crawled on the floor to complete my task of stealing her clothes and the towels.
I successfully pulled the towels off the bars and scooped up her clothes which were in a heap on the floor. I couldn't help but notice the stain on her panties and I swear I never intentionally smelled them. I didn't lift them to my nose. Her musky bouquet permeated her underwear and I got a whiff.
Once I had the targeted items, I crept out of the room and put them in her suitcase. I grabbed our luggage and a box full of towels, sheets, curtains, and anything someone could use to cover their body and hid everything in an old shed. I stripped off my clothes and left them there too.
I swear I'm not a sick fuck who is executing some elaborate and indecent scheme just to see his eighteen-year-old sister naked or, worse yet, to have sex with her. Maybe, It would help my case if I gave you some background information.
Hi, my name is Daniel. I'm twenty-two, a recent college graduate, and the only sibling of Shay. Our mother died five years ago so it's just my dad, Shay, and me. I love my kid sister and want the best for her. We were close when we were younger. We grew apart over the years due to the differences in our ages and personalities. I'm very social and outgoing and my sister is the opposite. She's always been quiet and shy.
My family wasn't worried about Shay when she was young. We expected her to become less timid and reserved as she got older, but it never happened. The death of our mother hit her particularly hard and I'd say it made her more introverted.
The last time I was home my father said, "Daniel, I'm very worried about Shay. She has no friends. She's never been on a date. Her life is school and her room. She barely interacts with me. I know it's tough finding oneself and the poor girl had to deal with puberty and the drama of high school without a mother."
"You did the best you could, Dad."
"Thanks, but I worry about her. How will she make her way through life? She's smart but she has no self-confidence and no social skills."
"High school can be tough with the cliques and bullies. She's going to college in the Fall. She'll have a chance at a fresh start."
"Yes, but I don't see her taking advantage of it. She'd have to reach out to others. Talk. Smile. Share. Those are not things she does. Daniel, your postgraduate studies abroad don't begin until August. Could you do something? Please spend time with her over the summer and get her to engage with people."
"Okay. I'll think of something."
^^^
Educating myself on shyness was easy as there are plenty of books and articles on the subject. As I boiled down the treatises, I learned that the experts believe shy people lack confidence and let anxiety and fear - the fear of failure, rejection, criticism, or of being humiliated - control them and limit their interactions with others.
Shy people are their own worst enemy. They have an inner critic constantly questioning everything they consider saying or doing. This leads to inaction as they are afraid anything they say or do will be a mistake and embarrass them.
Those that have studied the issue suggest that to overcome shyness people need to engage with others, try new things, and learn that being vulnerable and making mistakes is okay. After all, no one is perfect.
The goal isn't just to give them a happier, more fulfilling life, but to avoid the negative effects of self-isolation. Shy people often feel lonely which can lead to depression and anxiety. They can self-medicate with alcohol or drugs and are at a higher risk to commit suicide.
That's why I did what I did. I wasn't living out some voyeuristic or incestuous fantasy. I love my sister and was trying to save her from becoming a recluse and living a sad, lonely life.
Here's my story. Judge for yourself. Am I a good brother or a sick bastard?
^^^
Daniel stood naked in the hallway of the secluded lakefront house his father had rented. He heard the shower stop and the metal hooks rattle as they slid on the shower rod. Then there was silence. He imagined his sister was looking for a towel to dry her body after her morning shower.
"Daniel," she yelled. "Can you bring me a towel?"
"No."
"What? Why not?"
"Because there aren't any in the house."
"How can that be? I swear there were bath and hand towels in here when I got into the shower."
"There were. I snuck into the bathroom while you were showering and took them. I got rid of them along with all our clothes, the bedsheets, and anything we could cover ourselves with. Welcome to our naked summer!"
There was a pause. Daniel smiled as he imagined his sister looking perplexed as she processed this information. Her response was, "This isn't funny!"
"It isn't meant to be funny. Sis, I love you. This is an intervention. Dad and I are worried about you and your shyness."
"Is Dad here?" She sounded anxious.
"It's just you and me. When you were four, being shy was cute, but at eighteen it's a problem. Dad tells me you have no friends. No life."
"I have a life," she protested.
"In the Fall, you're going to college. It's a chance for a fresh start. Dad and I want you to have friends and be social. You're smart, pretty, and you deserve to be happy. Don't you want a BFF to confide in? A boyfriend who loves you?"
"I want a towel!"
"It's a beautiful day. I made coffee. Grab a cup and join me on the deck," Daniel said before he walked away.
He topped off his coffee, went to the deck, reclined on a lounger, and looked at the forest, the lake, and the sky. He smirked and imagined his sister cowering in the bathtub with water running off her body as she debated what to do.
Shay got out of the shower and searched the bathroom for a towel. Not finding one, she cursed her brother, slowly opened the door, and stuck her head out. Not seeing anyone, she scurried wet and naked to her room and quickly closed the door.
She searched the dresser, closet, and bedroom for something to wear and again came up empty. Her bed was a bare mattress and there were no pillows or curtains. Stymied, she cursed her brother again, "Damn it, Daniel! Where are my clothes!"
She opened her door slowly, peeked out into the hallway, not seeing anyone, she tiptoed down the hall with one hand covering her pussy and the other over her breasts. She searched the whole house and found no clothing.
She did find a small patterned throw pillow on the sofa. She took it and returned to her room where she fumed.
Three hours later, Shay walked naked to the deck where her brother was resting, and said, "You sick bastard!" Venom dripped from her lips.
Daniel turned and saw her clutching a small throw pillow to her groin and pressing an arm against her chest that squished her breasts. She looked angry. He said, "Hello, Shay," as he lay naked in the sun.
"Where are my clothes?"
"Gone with the sheets, towels, curtains, and anything that could cover our bodies."
"Why are you doing this?" she whined.
"It's summer. I thought we could work on our tan. You're as white as a ghost."
"You're not funny, Daniel."
He sat on the edge of the lounger facing her. She averted her eyes from his naked body as he said, "Dad and I are worried about you. We want a better, happier life for you. I understand you're anxious and terribly shy. I know you're fearful of making mistakes and appearing foolish. The answer is not to hole up in your room. Accept that you, like everyone else, will make mistakes. Most people will understand and forgive you and for those that won't, well, fuck 'em."
He stood exposing his body to her and said, "I know being nude is weird. I never imagined I'd be naked in front of my sister, but I had to do something to get you out of your rut. To shock you. The literature says you can get over your shyness by trying new things. This certainly is new." He laughed.
"The books suggest you engage more with others. Look people in the eye, greet them with a firm handshake, and talk to them. You'll realize that they aren't perfect and you don't have to be perfect. I promise the pleasure you derive from being closer to people by talking and sharing will be worth the anxiety and fear you'll feel. Friends are the key to a great life."
"So you brought me out here in the middle of nowhere for some grand experiment," Shay huffed. "And us being naked is going to have some transformational effect on me?"
He chuckled and said, "I hope so. Being naked is part of my plan. The other part is to introduce you to my group of friends. You'll never meet kinder, friendly people. I hope when you see how great it is to have friends you'll be open to meeting people and making friends when you're at college."
They heard vehicles pull up, car doors opening and closing, and people talking and laughing. Daniel announced, "My save-my-sister project begins in earnest now. My friends have arrived. I promised them a two-week-long party of sex, drinking, hiking, fishing, and swimming in this beautiful setting. The price of admission for them is to be naked and for this crew that's not a problem.
"Let's go meet our guests," Daniel said. He went to his sister, grabbed her wrist, and pulled her arm away from her breasts. They were a nice size and shape and set high on her chest. She was pale, her breasts were whiter than white, and they were topped off with stiff, pink nipples.
"Ahh!" she screamed. "Don't look at me!"
He looked at her boobs and then looked her in the eyes and said, "Shay, you have nice breasts. Better than most women. They're full and round. You've nothing to be ashamed of. They'll feed a baby and please a man."
She shrieked again and fought, striking him repeatedly with the pillow until it fell out of her hand. Then she slapped him with open hands. Daniel grabbed her swinging hands and ended the assault.
"Oh!" Shay gasped as she recognized that a 5' 7" tall, 130-pound woman was no match for a 6' 2", 190-pound man. Her face turned red as she stood nude one foot from her brother. Daniel looked her over from head to toe including her pussy. She was fit and beautiful.
"I'm surprised you shave down there. Dad said you don't date."
"I don't go on dates. I wax because I think it's more hygienic."
"It looks nice," Daniel said to her face. He noticed her eyes were looking at his penis. The warmth of the sun and her nudity had made him semi-hard. He spread his legs and let her have a good, long look.
She gasped when she looked up and realized he'd caught her checking out his equipment. She said, "Ah. Ah. Sorry for staring."
"No problem. It's a pity that the first dick you see is your brother's."
They shared tight-lipped smiles and Daniel said, "I've seen you naked, you've seen me, and neither of us has died. Do I have to drag you outside to meet our guests or will you be brave and walk with me? They're great people. We always have a blast when we are together."
"Is one your girlfriend?"
"We don't do the traditional boyfriend-girlfriend thing. We are best friends and we hook up when the mood strikes us. I've slept with all the women and they have had sex with the other guys. We keep it cool and casual."
"Oh."
"If you fancy one of the guys, kiss him or do more. The other women won't get jealous and the guys will love it. You're gorgeous." Her face turned red. He released her wrists and took her left hand into his right. He smiled and squeezed her hand. He could feel her trembling, but she took a step and they walked outside.
"Hi, guys," Daniel shouted when he saw his gang. Those that weren't naked were stripping and tossing their clothes into the trunk. They didn't stop undressing until everyone was showing off their full-body tan.
Randy slammed the trunk close when the last article of clothing was thrown in and shouted, "Freedom! Two weeks of nudity! What a great idea!"
A short blonde stepped forward and said, "Hello, I'm Greta. You must be Shay. It's nice to meet you." She extended her hand. Shay was slow to grasp it and smiled shyly.
Greta was not put off. She said, "I know we'll be the best of friends. Oh, come here." She pulled the quiet girl to her and hugged her tightly.
Randy walked up, shook Daniel's hand, and said, "S'up. The big hulk got behind Greta, wrapped his arms around both women, and kissed them on the tops of their heads as he said, "Hello, I'm Randy."
He squeezed them tightly and added, "Greta's hugs are the best. She really gets close to you. You know how some girls are hesitant or stand-offish. Not our Greta. She commits and gets up into your grill."
He moved his hips from side-to-side rubbing his cock against the short blonde's ass and said, "Of course, Greta can get so close because she has no boobs."
He laughed loudly at his joke. Then he shouted, "Ouch!" and jumped back because Greta stomped on his toe. She broke her hug and said to Shay, "Pay no attention to the Neanderthal. He can't help himself."
She turned to Randy and said, "Yes. My chest is as flat as a board, but that didn't seem to be a problem last night when you begged to fuck me." She had a smirk on her face.
"I'm sorry for teasing you," Randy said. "You know I love you and your body. I'm a dumbass."
"Yes, you are." The two kissed and made up.
"Hello, my name is Dane," another member of the group said, introducing himself to Shay. "Let me apologize for my friend. He says foolish things at times, but really he's a big, cuddly teddy bear."
Shay shook his hand and stared at the handsome, young man. He was taller than her brother, blond, and slim. He had a fit, cut body, and an uncut dick. She stared at his face and his penis. He didn't seem to mind.
A beautiful Latina and a BBW came up to Daniel, said hello, kissed, and hugged him. He hugged them and said, "It's great to see you." He turned to his star-struck sister who was still staring at Dane and said, "Shay, this is Maria." He indicated the brown-skinned woman with jet, black hair. He put his arm around the chubby woman with light brown hair and said, "This is Julie."
The women shook hands and casually checked each other out. Shay had no confidence, but she should have. She was tall and slim with an hour-glass figure and great breasts.
Maria was also attractive. Everything about her glistened from her toned body, shiny hair, to her lustrous cinnamon-colored skin.
Julie was big. She had a stocky build with no waist and giant bazongas. Her colossal thighs appeared to be more than capable of supporting her two hundred pounds and her broad, forty-inch hips and fat ass were stupefying. Despite her size, Julie appeared calm and happy. She greeted Shay with no hint of being distressed over being fat or naked.
The last person to greet Daniel and Shay was Mike. He was an attractive man with dark hair and eyes. He was five inches shorter than Daniel yet only ten pounds lighter. He carried the weight well with thick arms, broad shoulders, and a barrel chest. Shay glanced at his cock. It wasn't overly long, but it was thick like the rest of him.
The gang came inside. Daniel said, "There are four bedrooms upstairs. One for each of the ladies."
"And the guys will rotate through moving in a clockwise manner. Dane tonight you're in room one. Daniel is in room two. Mike will be in room three and I'll enjoy the hospitality of room four," Randy said playfully.
The gang laughed. Shay appeared horrified because she wasn't sure whether he was joking or not.
Daniel and Mike filled a cooler with beer and everyone went to the lake.
"Shay, stand still for a second," her brother said. "I need to put sunscreen on your back. This will keep you from burning. You need to re-apply it every hour and after you go swimming. Your skin is so pale you need to be cautious until you build up a tan. Stay in the shade of the trees as much as possible and wear a hat."
She allowed him to coat her neck, shoulders, and back. He handed her the tube and she did the rest of her body.
Daniel and his friends drank, swam, horsed around, and laid in the sun. Shay stayed onshore lying on her stomach in the shade hiding her private parts and watching everyone warily.
An hour after going to the lake, Daniel knelt beside her, re-applied sunscreen to her back, and asked, "What do you think about my friends?"
"I'm surprised at how bold and brash the women are, " Shays said. "They don't attempt to hide their bodies or avoid the kisses and gropes of the guys.
"They are a confident bunch. I admit me and the guys playfully surprise the girls by grabbing a breast and their ass. It's done in good fun. We've also been tender and respectful as we kiss and caress them."
"Yes. I can tell you all care for one another. Being a woman, I'm more interested in their behavior. Take Julie, for example, she's fearless. She has a pretty face, but wow, is she fat. She's the last person I'd expect to see prancing around in the nude. And Greta's cute, but she has no breasts. I was more developed at ten than she is at twenty-one. And Maria is a pretty woman, nice like the others, but she's not movie-star beautiful. She has a hooked nose and cone-shape boobs with large, puffy nipples.
"All the women have flaws and they don't seem to care," Shay said astonished.
"What's the saying Mom told us when we were kids? You get what you get and you don't throw a fit. A healthy person learns to be grateful for what they have and to accept their shortcomings." Daniel got up and left, leaving her to put the sunscreen on the rest of her body.
From time to time one or more of the gang would plop down next to Shay and invite her to join the fun, to put sunscreen on her back, or just to talk. She declined the invitations and struggled to keep up her end of the conversation.
Daniel brought his sister a beer, sat down beside her, and they drank in silence. When the can was empty, he said, "You're doing great, Shay. You haven't freaked out over being naked and all my friends like you. Shall we go for a swim?" It was hot. She joined him and the others in the water briefly.
Greta followed her out, chatted amicably, and put sunscreen on her back. Shay returned the favor.
The day wore on. Daniel and his friends were bushed from drinking, the horseplay, and the sun. Everyone gathered in the shade of some oak trees and rested. After a while, they paired up. Julie rolled over and sucked Daniel's cock. Dane and Maria made out. Randy went to Greta and said, "I'm sorry I teased you earlier. Can I make it up to you?" She said, "Uh-huh." She raised her knees and spread her legs. He knelt and ate her pussy.
Mike went to Shay, sat beside her, and said, "I'm not here to hit on you. I felt if I stayed away you'd think I didn't like you or that you're not attractive and that's not the case. You're very pretty. You're quiet, but that can be a good thing. My last girlfriend never stopped talking. She drove me crazy. She was always asking me if I thought she was pretty, smart, or nice. She was needy and required constant reassure. Don't you agree, there's nothing more unappealing than someone with no confidence?"
Shay gulped and flinched as his complaint hit close to home. She croaked a yes and Mike continued, "Daniel mentioned you are off to college in the Fall. Where are you going?"
"Stanford."
"Stanford! Good for you. You must be smart to have gotten accepted there. What do you plan to study?" He lay on his side beside her propped up on one elbow.
Shay looked into his kind brown eyes, heard the sincerity in his voice, relaxed, and answered him with a full sentence. She rolled onto her side exposing her face and body to the college boy. She held her breath as Mike glanced at her boobs and lower body. His eyes returned to her face and the conversion resumed.
While he was talking, she studied his broad shoulders, furry chest, and thick cock. His penis appeared to be bigger than before. Her eyes looked into his and she saw no trace of nervousness or embarrassment about her seeing his nude body. He smiled. The redness on her face matched the warm feeling she had inside.
When the conversation waned, Shay didn't become flustered or stressed. Mike smiled at her, leaned in, and kissed her lips. She kissed him back. It felt so good and natural that she scooted over, pushed Mike on his back, and climbed halfway on top of him to kiss him more passionately.
He kissed her and ran his fingers through her long, auburn hair. She pressed her hand on his chest, a shoulder, and squeezed a muscular bicep. He reciprocated and gently compressed his hand on a breast. She squealed and sat up quickly.
"Did I hurt you?"
"No. I'm scared." She stood and ran to the house.
Mike watched her go, regretting her departure. He squeezed and stroked his erection to ease his discomfort. He looked around and saw that the others had progressed to intercourse.
Dane and Marie were fucking in the missionary position. Greta was riding the big man and Daniel was pounding Julie doggie-style. They were all grunting, groaning, and breathing heavily. Mike watched his friends and then stood to leave.
"Lost your partner?" Julie asked. "A good erection is a terrible thing to waste. Stick it in my mouth, and I'll suck it."
Mike went to her, and the boys two-timed Julie fucking both ends. Soon cries of pleasure were heard, and the bodies of those enjoying waves of joy lay on the ground.
The gang cleaned up in the lake and returned to the house. They drank more beer, grilled, and ate dinner. Daniel was able to convince his sister to join them for the meal. After which, Mike pulled Shay aside and apologized, "I'm sorry I scared you."
"No. It was me. You were kind and gentle. I don't date, and I haven't made out with a guy before. My heart was beating a mile a minute, and I was light-headed. When you touched my breast, I felt a lightning bolt strike my vagina. I got scared and like a little kid, I ran away. Pitiful, huh?"
"No, it isn't. It's completely understandable. We can take it slow," Mike said. He smiled at her and grimaced when he had to walk away because Randy was calling his name. He needed his help to settle an argument with Dane.
Greta overheard the conversation. She went to the other women, whispered into their ears, and got their consent to help. The women gathered around Shay. Greta announced, "Boys, amuse yourselves. We are having girl-time."
She smiled at Shay and said, "We are going upstairs, and we are going to talk about boys. Think of us as the older sisters you wished you had."
Julie and Maria smiled, looped an arm with one of Shay's, and they followed Greta upstairs to the largest bedroom. Greta closed the door as the three women sat on the bed.
"Shay, I overheard your conversation with Mike," Greta said. Shay put her head in her hands and said, "You must think I'm such a loser!"
"No. I don't," Greta answered. "Girls, do you think Shay is a loser?" The others said no.
Shay looked up. Surprise showed on her face. Greta laughed kindly and said, "Shay, you're young and inexperienced. We've all been there. I thought I was going to die when I first got my period. Some older girls heard me wailing in the toilet, looked in on me, learned what had happened, and laughed at me."
"I thought God was going to strike me dead with a lightning bolt with Kevin Taylor slipped his hand under my bra," Maria said. "When that didn't happen I held my breath waiting for him to laugh and tease me about the shape of my breasts and the size of my nipples. That didn't happen either. He was so happy and grateful and he couldn't say enough nice things about my boobs."
"My most awkward moment occurred during my first make-out session," Julie confessed. "The boy was Timmy Mitchell and I was in love. I didn't understand why after kissing and some light petting my panties were soaking wet. It was like I had peed myself. I was so upset and embarrassed that I got up and ran away leaving him wondering what was going on."
"See Shay," Greta said. "Your experience is the same as ours. We've all been confused, scared, and embarrassed. We can laugh at those episodes now. We want you to know you're not weird or the only girl who thought she was about to have a heart attack while making out with a hot boy because your heart was pounding in your chest."
"Yes," Julie said. "And we are here for you. If you have questions, ask them. Don't know how to give a handjob or a blowjob? We'll tell you."
Shay looked around the room at all their faces. She saw honest expressions of concern and a willingness to help. She took a chance and said, "I'm a virgin. What is sex like? Does it hurt?"
The other women practically fought to answer that and her other questions. They were honest and forthright. They share their experiences, good and bad, what they wished they had known, and what they wished they had done differently.
Shay was overwhelmed by their kindness, honesty, and sharing. They told her about the mistakes they'd made and how they overcome them. To a woman, they said that they were better because of them. And that she too would make mistakes, survive, and learn from them.
They talked long into the evening and hugged her goodnight. After they left, Daniel knocked on Shay's door and entered when she invited him in. He said, "Just checking on you."
She ran to him, embraced him, and said, "You're a wonderful brother. I hated you this morning, but I now know what you did was necessary. If you hadn't, I'd never have made out with Mike or had wonderful conversations with the girls. I've learned so much. This has been a great day."
"I'm glad to hear that. Go to sleep. I'll see you tomorrow."
"Okay. Um...Do you know where Mike is?"
"He's balls deep in Greta. I'm about to join them. Do you want to come?"
Her face turned bright red and she said, "Ah. No. I had my first kiss today. I'm not ready for an orgy. Good night."
^^^
The next morning, Shay was up at her usual time. The others slept in having drunk heavily and fucked heartily. Bored, Shay went for a walk. That wasn't something she normally did. She saw and heard many birds and enjoyed her time in the woods and by the lake.
She heard a loud noise coming from the woods and froze wondering if it was some dangerous, wild animal and if she should run. Randy crashed through the brush and appeared before her. "Hello," he said. "I am collecting pine cones. Look at these big ones." He held out three, large, open cones.
"Those are nice. What are you going to do with them?"
"I don't know. How about we gather some wildflowers and make a centerpiece for the dinner table."
"Okay. I saw some on my walk," Shay said.
She took him to the flowers and they picked them. Shay was negligent in how she went about it and gave Randy quite a show bending over at the hips and squatting with her legs splayed. Randy got an erection due to the views he got of her ass and pussy.
Shay stood and said, "Do you think we have enough?" She turned to face him, saw his penis, and gasped, "Oh my God! It's so big!"
"Yes," Randy acknowledged. He turned to give her the side view so she could appreciate it's length. He laughed merrily and said, "I'm sure you wondered how I became part of the group. I'm not handsome or in great shape like the other guys and I tend to say things I regret. My dick earned me an invitation. What woman says no to a big, thick cock?"
Shay stared at it slack-jawed. "Ah. Ah. I'm sure the others enjoy it. I'm not ready for it." She backed up increasing the distance between them.
"That's okay. I not expecting to have sex. It's just you are so beautiful and you were carefree picking the flowers. I got great views of your pussy and ass. Men are visual creatures. I liked what I saw and got an erection."
"Oh. I didn't mean to have that effect on you. I was focused on the flowers and didn't realize that I flashed my privates."
"I guessed that was the case. Everything is okay. Just because a guy has an erection doesn't mean you have to fuck him."
"Oh. Good to know," she said, staring wide-eyed at the beast.
"You can touch it if you like. Most women can't encircle it with one hand because it's so thick.
She reached for his dick, stopped, and asked, "This won't overly excite you, will it?"
He laughed and said, "You don't have to worry that your touch will cause me to try and have my way with you. Men aren't wild animals. We can control ourselves. I'll enjoy your touch, and I'll behave. I respect you and your brother too much to do something stupid."
She breathed a sigh of relief and grasped his dick. "It's warm and hard and huge! You're right. One hand isn't enough." She put both hands on his cock and squeezed it. "Is this okay?"
He smiled broadly and said, "You're not hurting me. Explore. Daniel told us you were inexperienced. You can touch me and I promise not to touch you or expect anything in return."
"Really?" she said gleefully. He nodded and put his hands behind his back. Shay did study his penis. She looked it over, touched, stroked, and squeezed it. "For the life of me, I can't believe this would fit in my vagina."
"I fuck the other women. Carefully, of course, and they love it. Greta can only fit the head of it in her mouth, but Julie and Maria can give me blowjobs."
"Can I try? With my mouth, I mean." He nodded. She opened her mouth wide and enveloped the head of his dick and an inch of his shaft before pulling off.
"Wow. I can't believe I did that. Yours is the first penis in my mouth." She laughed nervously and added, "I'm clueless about giving you a BJ."
"It's okay. Talk to the girls. I'm sure they will share their tips and expertise with you. I'm honored to be the first man in your mouth. Shall we head back to the house and work on our centerpiece?"
She nodded, smiled, and they returned to the house. He lost his erection on the way.
^^^
The guys were out on the deck and the women were sitting in the living room. Randy and Shay shared what happened while picking flowers. The men smiled. Greta screeched, "You got your mouth around Randy's dick?" You're a better woman than me."
"Only for a few seconds," Shay confessed. "And I didn't do anything. I don't know how to give a guy a blowjob."
"We'll fix that," Maria said. "Randy is not the dude to use to learn. He's too big."
"Who should we get for BJ school?" Greta asked and laughed. "I'm sure all the guys will volunteer."
"Randy is too big for a beginner. Mike isn't as big, but he's pretty thick. That complicates things," Julie ruminated. "Daniel would be perfect. He has an average dick."
Shay tilted her head and looked at the fat woman in a questioning manner. The other women laughed. "Sorry, sweetheart," Julie said. "We aren't laughing at you. We know it sounds funny to say that average is best, but in this case, it's true."
"Yeah," Greta said. "No one wants to be called average. Saying I'm an average student or average-looking is not a compliment. We want to be the best or very good or at least above average."
"But when it comes to dicks," Maria said, "average is great because it means it fits inside most vaginas. Small or skinny dicks disappoint every woman and monster dicks like Randy's are dangerous. A girl has to be careful and you still can get hurt or be sore for days after having sex with Mr. Above Average."
"With an average penis," Julie said, "you can be as wild as you want to be. Slam your pussy down on it. Have the guy pound you and all positions are available. You can do anything with it; sucked it, fuck it, and take it up the ass."
"I won't do anal with Randy," Maria said shaking her head.
"I'm petite and I can't do oral or anal with Randy," Greta said. "And I have to be in the mood to fuck him. Even then, I'm sore the next day."
"I'm not petite," Julie said and everyone laughed. When the chuckling stopped she said, "I'm a big woman with big appetites and I don't deny myself anything. I enjoy eating, drinking, and having sex. I've had Randy and the other guys in all three holes."
"Wow," Shay said. "Ah. Getting back to our volunteer, my brother may have the perfect, average penis, but he's disqualified due to family ties. I think I'll save Randy and Mike for the advanced BJ class. That leaves Dane. Is he a suitable subject."
"I like him and his dick," Greta said. "Yes," Maria concurred. "He's nice, fit, and good looking. His dick's on the slim side and he's longer than your brother. He's a good guy to start with."
"I agree," Julie said. "I'll ask him. I'm sure he'll be glad to help."
A few minutes later, Julie returned with all the men. She said, "I have a happy volunteer for Shay."
"Why are all the guys here?" Greta asked.
"They're for the rest of us, for demonstration purposes. You know how sometimes when you're explaining something it's hard to convey the information in words and much more effective to show someone? Think of Randy, Mike, and Daniel as demonstration models for us teachers."
"You are clueless, Julie," Maria said as she shook her head.
"What?" Julie replied.
"The girl's here to learn how to suck dick. It's an awkward situation. She's nervous and embarrassed and you bring a crowd?" Maria said.
"I thought this would ease the tension. Make it feel more like a party. You know, the more the merrier."
"Bad idea. Scoot, guys," Greta said as she waved her hands. "Dane, you stay."
"No. Wait," Shay said. "This is awkward and scary for me. You all know my situation. I'm a weird, super-shy girl who has never been on a date. For some reason, you've agreed to help me come out of my shell. Thank you. It's very kind of you."
Shay glanced around the room and said, "I'm about to put Dane's penis in my mouth. I'm nervous as all get out. Having friends beside me, making this a party will ease my anxiety. Please stay."
Julie took charge. She had Dane sit on the middle cushion of the sofa, Mike was to his right, and Daniel to his left. She put Randy in the upholstered chair off to the side and knelt in front of him. She had Shay kneel in front of Dane, Greta was paired with Daniel and Maria with Mike.
The news that the guys were all going to have blowjobs fueled their erections. Julie covered the basics blowjob instructions and said, "Greta, you start."
Greta grasped the base of Daniel's cock, held it straight up, and said, "For me, sucking dick is theatre. I make it a visual as well as an oral experience. I start slowly. I hold his dick, make eye contact with the owner, and smile. I love the look on their faces. The breathless anticipation. Next, I kiss or lick the dick. I pause again and make eye contact as I slowly put it into my mouth."
She did her routine and took Daniel's hard-on into her mouth, bobbed up and down, and paused periodically to look him in the eye.
"Ohhh," Daniel groaned as he looked deep into Greta's blue eyes. Shay blushed when she heard his voice. She had been so focused on observing Greta's technique that she forgot the dick she was staring at was her brother's.
Greta continued her efforts while the women sat on their heels and watched. Daniel looked around the room and received smiles from all his friends. He peeked at Greta's flat chest, surveyed Maria's cute cones, glanced at Julie's saggy melons, and settled on his sister's fine pair. He stared at her boobs.
Greta paused the BJ and did her looking-him-in-the-eye thing, but couldn't get Daniel's attention. She followed his gaze and saw that he was ogling his sister's breasts and thought, "Can't blame him. She has great boobs." And resumed the blowjob.
Daniel's eyes flicked up and found his sister looking at his face. She caught him dead to rights and gave him a questioning look. His face reddened, he looked embarrassed and then his eyes bulged, he groaned and shoved his dick into Greta's mouth as cum flew out of his dick.
"Ah. Ah," Greta grunted and gulped as she struggled to deal with his sperm. She managed to swallow it all, pulled off him when the flow stopped, coughed, and said, "Shay, most guys give you some warning when they are about to come." She slapped Daniel on the arm and said, "What's a matter with you? You know better than to do that."
"I got carried away. Sorry."
"Poor form, Daniel," Julie chastised him. She looked at Shay, shrugged, and said, "Shit happens." She turned to the Latina and said, "Maria, show us your moves."
"I like the way Greta uses her eyes," Maria said, "I'm going to start doing that. I, too, tease my guy. I do it by stopping and starting, and changing things up when he sounds like he's close to orgasming."
She grabbed Mike's thick dick, stroked it, and pounced on it. She did various things - licking, sucking, bobbing, and stroking - and as she said, when Mike appeared to be enjoying what she was doing a lot, she'd do something else including abandoning his dick and sucking on his balls.
Her efforts did the job. Mike cried out and came. She swallowed his first blast, pulled his dick out of her mouth, and jacked him off directing his cum on her pointy tits.
Mike groaned and gasped. Maria smiled broadly, thrust out her chest, and said, "An old boyfriend once told me boobs are great, but cum-covered breasts are hotter. Anyone disagree?"
A chorus of no's was heard as all the guys seconded that conclusion.
"My turn," Julie said. "Those were excellent demonstrations. I don't know why we didn't do this earlier. I've learned stuff and the boys will be the beneficiaries."
Greta and Maria voiced their agreement. Julie said, "I'm an enthusiastic cocksucker. In my opinion, the key feature of a good blow is the tongue. It should be rolling, twirling, and swirling the entire time. Of course, you play with his balls, run your nails on his inner thighs, tweak a nipple, and stroke his shaft.
"I vary the pressure and motion as I beat him off. I use the standard up and down motion and I swivel my hand in a corkscrew motion. My thought is the constant motion of your tongue coupled with the movement of your hands creates a barrage of sensation that takes a good blowjob to a great blowjob."
She thoroughly wet Randy's immense cock and attacked it. Everyone watched. It was obvious that Randy loved what she was doing and that Julie enjoyed it too.
"Oh, babe. Oh. Oh. Oh! I'm going to blow!" Randy groaned as he climaxed. Julie slowed her actions, sucked out his cum, and swallowed every drop.
"That was hot," Dane said. He smiled and asked with a twinkle in his eye. "Is it my turn?"
"I guess," Shay said. "Here goes."
She licked all sides of his long penis, paused, and looked him in the eye. "That's a great start. You're so beautiful, Shay," Dane said.
She returned his smile and, with a surge of confidence, she wrapped her lips around his penis and did what she saw the other young women do. Dane was vocal and responsive. She relaxed, made eye contact, and varied the things she did. She even sucked his balls.
Dane complimented her and reached down, rubbed her breast, and played with her nipples. She cooed in response, her sex got wet, and she doubled her efforts.
"Oh, God!" Dane exclaimed. "I'm going to come," he warned her. She kept sucking with a busy tongue. His first blast filled her mouth, causing her to cough and pull off. Rope after rope erupted from his penis. She was stunned, frozen, and her face was coated with his sticky, white spunk.
Everyone looked at Shay and waited for her reaction. She started to laugh. Loudly and gleefully. She said, "How come no one told me this could happen? I feel like I've been doused by a firehose!"
"Sorry," Dane said. "I told you I was close."
"It's not your fault. I knew you were going to ejaculate. I wanted to make you come. I didn't expect there'd be so much and that it would be sprayed all over my face!"
"Sex is a messy business," Julie said. "You did great."
"Congrats, Sis, on your first facial," Daniel teased.
"Well done, Shay," Maria said. "I went with cum-covered tits. You one-upped me."
"Come on, Shay," Maria said. "You and I need to clean up." Shay followed the other woman to the bathroom. Maria turned on the water and asked, "You okay with sharing a shower?"
"Yes. I can't wait to get this sticky mess off me."
Maria stepped into the water, wet her body, and moved aside. Shay got in, put her face directly in the spray, and scrubbed Dane's cum off her face. "Your turn," she said and let Maria stand under the spray. The two washed.
"You'd better shampoo. When a guy comes on my face some ends up in my hair."
"Good idea," Shay said as she picked up the Herbal Essences bottle, squirted some on her hand, and worked it into her hair. She rinsed and turned off the water.
"I forgot we don't have towels," Maria said and laughed. "I guess we aren't leaving the bathroom. Do you have any questions about blowjobs or anything?"
"Why do you let guys shoot their cum on you?"
Maria laughed and said, "The same reason I shave my pussy, watch what I eat, and spend hours doing my hair, nails, and makeup because it brings pleasure to someone I love. I don't let men I just met hose me, but I let Mike, Dane, Daniel, and Randy. I don't get any physical pleasure, but they get a big kick out of it and it washes off easily."
"You don't feel dirty or degraded?"
"I can understand why you asked that. When you think about it cum on your face is gross. Many sexual acts, like giving head or being fucked in the ass, appear on the surface to be degrading to women, but I disagree. I say it depends on the circumstances.
"I'd leave in a second if the guy I'm giving a BJ disrespected me by saying, 'Suck my dick, Bitch' or if he shoved his cock in my mouth making me gag or cry. With a good partner, someone you care about and trust, dick sucking is fun and empowering. We are in charge. We make men squirm, groan, and we tease them. We can delay, deny, or give him an orgasm."
"I see what you mean," Shay said. "But anal?"
Maria laughed, "Do you know how much work a guy has to do to prepare a woman for anal sex?" Shay shook her head no. "A lot," Maria said. "First, they beg you to let them. I make them beg for weeks. While they plead their case, they shower you with attention and gifts.
"The night of the big event, the guy has to get you extremely aroused so you relax and stop worrying about whether it'll hurt or how big his cock is. For me, there is a minimum of thirty minutes of foreplay and one orgasm. Then, he has to stretch your anus."
"But how is it not degrading?" Shay asked. "He's dominating you by sticking his dick in your ass."
Maria chuckled. "One, when done right anal sex is amazing and the orgasms are bigger and better than oral or vaginal orgasms. Two, you can't fight biology. Men are built to penetrate and women are built to be penetrated. We only have holes. Guys have fingers, tongues, and penises that fit nicely and pleasurably in our mouths, vaginas, and asses.
"In my mind, any sex act done lovingly and for mutual pleasure is not domination or degrading."
"You're right," Shay said. "My hair is damp, but my body is dry. I think we can join the others."
"Yes."
The women found the others on the deck. Shay went to her brother and said, "Maria and I had to drip dry after a shower because there are no towels. I'm comfortable being naked and am happy to be nude with the rest of you. Do you think you could bring back the towels and sheets? I promise I won't hide behind them."
"Yes. I'll go get them now."
^^^
After lunch, they went to the lake and swam and played. Having towels to dry themselves and beach blankets to lay on made them all more comfortable.
Shay was lying on a blanket that was in the shade of a mighty oak. Mike came to her and said, "I liked making out with you yesterday. What to kiss some more?"
While he was speaking, Dane approached her. After Mike asked his question, Dane said, "I was going to ask you the same thing. The blowjob you gave me was great. I thought we should get to know each other."
"Ah. Ah," Shay stammered. "I don't know what to say."
"If it were me," Julie hollered. "I'd make out with both of them."
"I can do that?"
"You can do anything you want," Greta said.
"But one of you will be without a partner," Shay said.
"We've shared before," Maria said. "Randy, lay with me and Greta. Daniel, you and Julie can play. There. Problem solved." Randy, Greta, and Daniel went to their assigned partners.
Shay looked at the two men standing beside her blanket and said, "This is all new to me. I don't want to hurt anyone's feelings. Are you okay with this?"
The men nodded and lay down beside her one on each side. She was on her back. They were on their sides. She looked at Dane. He leaned over and kissed her. She looked at Mike and he kissed her.
Her face turned red, she smiled, and said, "I could learn to like this. Are you okay with it?"
They answered yes. She took turns kissing the men. At first, the guys patiently waited for their turn. They began using their free time to caress her arm, neck, or shoulder or running their fingers through her auburn hair.
The touches gave her goosebumps.
It wasn't long before they filled their free time by caressing the breast near them.
"Oh. Mmm," she cooed. "You like my touch?" Mike asked. When she finished her kiss with Dane, she said, "I like kissing you both and being touched by both of you."
"Then you'll love this," Dane put his lips on her breast. Mike sucked the nipple of the other one.
"Ohhhh!" she cried and reached out and pulled their heads to her chest. The young men didn't disappoint. The lavished attention on her boobs. She cooed, sighed, and her pussy got wet.
"Like it?" Dane asked.
"I love it!" Shay replied.
"You want more?" Mike asked.
"Yes!"
The guys reached for her pussy. They sucked a tit and fingered the virgin. Mike rubbed her clit and Dane put his finger inside her.
"OH! God!" she moaned loudly.
The others heard her cry, stopped what they were doing, and looked at Shay. She continued to cry out. Her hips moved by their own accord. Her cries and movements became more frenzied and then... There was an explosion of pleasure inside her.
"Oh. Oh. OH!"
Her body froze. The men stopped what they were doing, grinned, and let her enjoy the wonderful sensation of her orgasm.
"Wow! That was hot!" Maria said. She pushed Randy on his back, impaled herself on his stiff dick, and they rutted like animals.
"I've got to have some dick," Julie said. She crawled over and stuck her head in Greta's pussy, gave her a big lick causing the petite thing to moan loudly. She looked over her shoulder and said, "Stop gawking at your sister and stick your prick in me."
Daniel crawled to Julie and fucked her urgently doggie-style while the big woman dined at the 'Y' between Greta's legs.
It didn't take long for the five of them to get the relief they needed.
Dane and Mike had penises as hard as stone. They hungrily looked at Shay who lay in a daze before them.
Greta stood, grabbed Julie's hand, and said, "Come with me. We need to knock the horns off Dane and Mike before they make a move on Shay."
The women hurried to the guys and mounted them. The guys groaned, rolled the women onto their backs, and pounded them.
Shay woke from her trance to see and hear the four of them grunt, scream, and climax.
^^^
After dinner, Shay said to Greta, "That was something down by the lake."
The blonde laughed and said, "Yes. It was fun and you were the fuel that turned the fire into an inferno."
"Really. How?"
"Your climax was so powerful, so pure, the rest of us got so turned on we had sex like wild animals."
"The feeling..." Shay paused. "I don't know how to describe it."
"Unbelievable bliss. Fireworks. Like your insides simultaneously melted and exploded. Or did D. H. Lawrence get it right in "Lady Chatterley's Lover" when he penned, 'She felt pure deepening whirlpools of sensations swirling through her tissue and consciousness, till she was one perfect concentric fluid of feeling'?
"Yes. Like that!
The women laughed.
"How do I thank Dane and Mike for what they did for me?"
Greta squinted, stared at the younger women, and said, "Really? Nothing comes to mind?" Shay got flustered and her mouth opened and closed, but no words came out.
"You fuck them!" Greta said.
"But which one?"
"Both!"
"Together?"
"In this case, I say yes," Greta said. "You made out with one and sucked the dick of the other and together they fingered you to your first orgasm. I don't know how you'd choose one over the other. You do find them both attractive, don't you?"
"Yes, but bedding two guys at once seems so ..." She didn' finish her sentence for fear of insulting the other woman.
"Were you going to say slutty?" Great asked and laughed. "What's wrong with being a lover of pleasure? Call me a hedonist, a wanton woman, or a slut. I'm not ashamed to say I like sex and sometimes I'm with a man and other times I'm with a woman or a group. Why should the act be judged differently?"
"I see your point and it would solve my dilemma. Do you think they'd do it?"
"In a heartbeat. Leave it to me," Greta said. "I'll arrange everything. Take a bath and come to your bedroom in twenty minutes."
"Okay," Shay answered giggling.
Shay went to the bathroom and Greta went to the group. They were all out on the deck. "Shay is ready to do the deed."
"Who's the lucky fellow?" Daniel asked.
"She liked being with Dane and Mike today and can't choose so she's going to have sex with both of you. Together. I know you'll be gentle. Now, wash up, brush your teeth, and be in her bedroom in twenty minutes. The rest of you are going to help me make this the most romantic night of Shay's life. I need candles, flowers, ribbons. You know the drill."
The group scattered. The lovers cleaned up and the others decorated the bedroom. Shay stepped into her room gasped, smiled, and said, "This is so beautiful."
The men had seen her go in. They followed her. Mike, the sweet-talking one, said, "You're beautiful."
The game was afoot. The men kissed and embraced Shay. They led her to the bed and made love to her. Shay melted. The men were patient, conscientious, gentle, and wonderfully cooperative. They focused on Shay's pleasure.
When she was ready, they pulled out condoms. "You don't have to wear them," Shay said. "I'm on the pill for medical reasons."
"Good to know," Mike said, "Going bareback is more fun."
Per the earlier coin flip, Dane entered her first. He pulled out after a few thrusts and Mike penetrated her. The men took turns making love to her one at a time in the missionary position.
Dane brought her to the edge, Mike took over, and she had an orgasm. Her pussy pulsated and squeezed Mike's thick cock. He joined her in the moment of bliss.
After a brief rest, Shay reached for Dane, and said, "I want you to climax with me too." They started slowly, the wonderful feelings began to build in both of them, and they peaked together.
The three of them slept together. Shay in between the two men that in her mind took her virginity.
^^^
The next morning, Shay and her lovers came to breakfast and found the kitchen festooned with signs and banners. Randy popped a balloon when they stepped into the room and Daniel waved a sign that said, "Shay's cherry has been popped!"
Other messages were: "Someone got laid!" "Farmer Mike and Dane plowed the virgin field." "Shay's had her V-card punched!" "Fornicators eat for free!"
"Need Fireworks? See Mike and Dane."
The women were off to the side holding a sign that read, "Welcome to the Club!"
Shay, Mike, and Dane stopped in their tracks, looked around, and read the signs. Everyone waited for Shay's reaction. She burst out laughing and asked her brother, "How long have you been waiting to spring this on me?"
"An hour," Daniel said, "but it was worth it."
Greta said, "We couldn't stop them, but we did make them throw away the crass and vulgar signs."
"Thanks."
Daniel came to his sister, put his hands on her shoulders, and said, "I loved you when you were a child. I love you now that you're a woman." He kissed her on her right cheek, left cheek, and gave her a peck on the lips.
"I love you too," Shay said. She beamed.
^^^
The men went fishing and the women had a day of beauty that mainly consisted of giving Shay basic makeup tips and a make-over.
Julie got out her salon-quality, styling shears and said, "Dear, we have to do something with your hair."
"What's wrong with my hair?" Shay asked.
"You have great hair," Greta said.
"I love the auburn color," Maria said, "and it's thick."
"It's not your hair," Julie said. "The problem is your hairstyle. You look like every girl in my seventh-grade class with your long, straight hair."
"I've always worn my hair this way," Shay said defensively.
"Isn't it time for a change?" Greta said. "Something new. Fresh. More suitable for a college woman."
"Sit in front of the mirror, Shay," Julie said. "Let me show you what I'm thinking." Shay sat, Julie got behind her and brushed the eighteen-year-old's hair.
"You have a square face," Julie said, "with a wide forehead and a strong jaw. Your long hair does nothing to soften your hard angles or highlight your good features, like your big eyes and full lips."
She gathered up Shay's hair and manipulated it, giving her an idea of what the change would look like as she talked. "I can downplay the hard edges of the face with wispy layers, sweeping side fringe, and giving you volume at the crown of the head. Kids have hair that reaches the middle of their backs. Let's give you an adult look. Shoulder-length hair with soft waves."
"That would look nice on you," Maria said. "And it would be easier to manage," Greta said. "You'd have less hair to wash and brush."
"I'm ready for a change," Shay said. "Cut my hair."
^^^
The boys cleaned the fish they caught on the dock and they fried some up. The rest went into the frig for dinner. When the women came to lunch, Daniel teased his sister by asking, "Who's the new girl?" The other young men complimented Shay on her new hairdo.
After lunch, everyone went down to the lake, Shay walked with them and joined in the conversation. The guys played two-on-two football on the shore and in the water. The women helped each other with sunscreen and laid in the sun.
When the women entered the water to cool off, Randy tossed Maria the football and said, "The game is keep-away. The boys versus the girls."
Maria smiled, squealed, and ran into deeper water as all the young men chased her. "Come on," Julie said to Shay. "We need to be near her so she can pass the ball to us."
The women went after Maria. "How do you play this game?" Shay asked
"It's a very simple game," Greta said. "If you have the ball, hold on tight and don't let the boys take it from you. You can throw or give it to one of us to keep the guys from getting it."
Julie laughed and said, "It is a very simple game because there are no rules. When you have the ball, do what you can to keep it, When they have the ball, do anything to get it. This includes tickling and grabbing their dicks. When you have the ball, they will accidentally touch your boobs and ass."
"Basically, "Greta said, "this game is an excuse to touch each other. We played it a lot when we were younger and not so sexually active."
Their opponents had caught Maria. She had her arms wrapped around the ball and was attacked on all sides. She was tickled, grabbed, pinched, and groped. She laughed and shrieked.
The other women tried to help. Julie grabbed Dane's arm and pulled him away. Greta jumped on Randy's back. Shay followed her example. She hopped on her brother, wrapped her legs around his waist, and her arms around his chest.
Daniel ignored Shay because she was doing nothing that inhibited his fight for the ball. Shay changed tactics, moved higher on his body, and put her arms around his head, covering his eyes.
"Oh, you think that will stop me," Daniel said playfully. He submerged, surprising his sister by taking her underwater. She let go of him to swim to the surface. Daniel spun around, grabbed her waist, momentarily prevented her from surfacing, and then stood bringing their heads above the water.
They inhaled deeply. Daniel's head was in his sister's bosom. He rubbed his face against her tits as he said, "These are very nice." He kissed her nipples, lifted her in the air, and tossed her backward into the water.
When Shay surfaced, she wiped the water off her face and discovered that Randy had the ball. She joined the other women and attempted to get it from him. The other men pried the women off Randy and tossed those they could lift, Greta, Maria, and Shay, into the air and laughed as they splash upon landing. Julie was too big and strong to be manhandled.
Randy let Julie steal the ball from him and she became the center of attention. The ball was passed around so everyone got a turn being the holder which was just an excuse to be groped. All the women rubbed their bodies on all the men and grabbed their cocks. All the men got their fill of squeezing boobs and grabbing asses.
The game ended, everyone went to shore, and got a beer. Daniel said to his sister, "Are you okay? That was a grabfest. I'm sorry about kissing your breasts. I got caught up in the moment."
"It's okay. Treat me as one of the gang. That's how I plan to treat you." He nodded and looked relieved and then, concerned. "Ah. Does that mean during the game you grabbed my dick."
"Maybe," she answered and winked at him. "In the excitement of the game with everyone crowded together, it's hard to know who's cock you're squeezing. Do you always know who's bottom you're pinching?"
"No. It's chaotic."
The ladies went to their beach towels. Dane and Mike showed up at Shay's. She invited them to stay. They made out, made love, and finished dirty. The men split-roasted her. Mike took her from behind and pounded his thick cock into her teenage pussy while Dane fucked her face. Shay ended up thoroughly satisfied and with another cum facial.
The others also had sex. Greta and Maria shared Daniel. Julie and Randy went at it no holds barred, fucking noisily, and howled when they came.
^^^
They had grilled fish for dinner, more drinks, and danced to music on the deck. There was a lot of bumping and grinding. All the men had erections. Randy impressed Shay and the other women with his dance moves and his cock.
He took the grinding to a new level when he slipped his cock between Julie's legs. He didn't attempt to penetrate her; he teased her by rubbing the top of his immense shaft against her vagina. The other men saw what he was doing and followed suit. At every song change, the guys would rotate and dance, and stroke their cock against another woman.
When Daniel came up behind his sister, he hesitated. Shay's ass was stuck out and her legs were spread in anticipation of the next dance partner, the next dick. When she didn't feel a cock, she looked over her shoulder, saw her brother, blushed, and said, "Sorry. I didn't know it was you."
She straightened up, faced him, and said, "How about a waltz?"
"I hated cotillion, but Mom insisted we learn to dance," Daniel said. He held up his arms as his dance instructor had taught him., Shay stepped to him, put one hand on his shoulder, and grasped his left hand. He put a hand on her back, they both stood ramrod-straight and did the box step with his erection touching her belly.
Shay giggled and said, "I've waltzed before with a guy with an erection. Remember Frank Green? He was short and had thick glasses. He'd get a big bulge in his pants whenever we dance. It's different when it prods your belly in three-quarter time!" They laughed and danced while those around them engaged in more lewd, sexual behavior.
Shay looked at her brother's dick and said, "You have a pretty penis."
"I do?"
"Yes. It's pink, not crooked, or veiny, and I don't mean to hurt Dane's feelings, but it's circumcised. An uncut penis feels as good as a cut one, but I don't think it looks as nice. The other women agree with me. They told me you have the perfect penis."
"Really? Randy's is bigger."
"Yes," Shay said," but bigger isn't better. Bigger can hurt a girl and limit what she can do. Greta can't give Randy a blowjob and Maria won't have anal sex with him. Not only is your cock cute and adorable, but it's also the perfect shape and size. If it was shorter or thinner it would disappoint a woman and leave her wondering why she bothered to go to bed with you.
"As I mentioned, monster cocks are scary and dangerous. Your penis fits every woman and can satisfy them, The others told me one of the things they like about you is that they can have sex with you in any position and as wild and passionate as they want."
She added, "Your penis is like that baseball player that can play many positions."
"A utility player?"
"Yes, because you can do it all. Women don't have trouble giving you a blowjob. If they want anal or regular sex you fit, and you don't hurt them."
Daniel smiled, poked her with his penis, and said, "A perfect penis needs a great nickname. What do you think of Excalibur, Vagina Miner, Knobgoblin, or Vlad the Impaler?"
"If you give your penis a name no self-respecting woman will ever have sex with you!
They shared a laugh, the song ended, and they drifted apart and found their next dance partner.
During a pee break, Greta and Shay shared the bathroom and the petite blonde asked, "Having fun?"
"Yes."
"You've come out of your shell. You seem very happy."
"I am. Thanks to my brother and all of you."
"Your welcome. Now that we're all friends, can we treat you as a mate?"
"Sure. Please do."
"Great. All the girls were glad to help you, but now that you've lost your virginity and are enjoying sex can you limit yourself to one man to your bed tonight? There are four cocks and four women. We don't begrudge you sleeping with Dane and Mike last night, but we would each like a man in our bed tonight."
"Oh. Sure. I understand."
"I was hoping to hook up with Dane," Greta said.
"Yes. Please do. Mike will be enough for me," Shay said.
"Great," Greta said and gave Shay one of her close-up hugs.
The women washed their hands and rejoined the group on the deck. Greta went to Dane, whispered in his ear, and the two of them went upstairs to have sex.
Maria knelt and took Randy's member in her mouth. Daniel sat Julie on a lounger, pushed her legs apart, and dove in. Shay and Mike were dancing. He embraced her and they kissed. They sank into a lounge and made out.
Randy got erect. He stood Maria up, turned her around, leaned her over the railing, ate her ass, and licked her pussy.
"You know how to eat pussy, Daniel," Julie said, "I'm wet and ready. Stick it in me." Daniel crawled on top of her and pushed his dick inside. Julie squealed and moaned as Daniel penetrated her and enjoyed the cushiony softness of her body.
Mike lay on his back, Shay straddled him and lowered herself on his cock. Her tits bounced as she rocked back and forth on Mike's cock.
Greta was hot, sweaty, happy, and relaxed. She got on her hands and knees and said, "That was a great orgasm. You've earned a reward. Lube my ass and bugger me, you handsome man." Dane put lube on her butt and his cock, got behind her, and smoothly slid his long, slim cock into her bowels.
"Oh. Randy. I love your tongue. I'm so wet," Maria said. The big man stood, wet his dick by rubbing it against her slick slit, and slowly drove it into her vagina. "Oh!" she moaned. "I love your big dick!"
Shay heard their words and looked their way. She saw them in profile and got a good view of Randy's monster cock going into Maria. "I've got to try that dick," she told herself. It was as if Randy and Maria heard her thoughts. They looked at her. Randy smiled. Maria mouthed, "So big. So good." and gave her the thumbs-up sign.
Daniel was jackhammering his cock into Julie. They both moaned. He slowed, looked around, and saw his sister riding Mike. Her nice tits bounced and jiggle. He looked at them and smiled and looked at her contented face. They locked eyes. She smiled. He blushed and refocused on Julie.
"Are you good, lover?" Shay asked. "Or do you want to change positions?"
"Mmm. I'm good," Mike said. He sat up, put his hands and mouth on her tits, and squeezed, sucked, and caressed her fine pair.
Dane stroked his long cock in and out of Greta's ass while she groaned and fingered her clit. Sweat dripped off him as he pounded her ass. Greta sighed, gasped for air, and mumbled incoherently until the big 'O' hit her. Her body froze, her pussy spasmed, and Dane shot his load inside her ass.
"Oh. Oh. Oh," Maria cried out in rhythm with Randy's deep, powerful thrusts. She felt so full. His dick was touching all sides of her vagina. She gasped and came. Randy felt her pussy clench his dick multiple times in rapid succession, he smiled knowing he'd made her cum, and took his release.
Shay bounced rapidly on Mike's cock. She felt a warm, blissful surge building in intensity inside her. Her whole body squeezed in on itself for a nano-second and then, there was a release of tension and an influx of pleasure. Mike felt his dick explode and spray her insides with cum.
^^^
The next morning, the crew stumbled down to the kitchen for coffee and breakfast. They talked and teased one another.
After lunch, they went to the lake. They had a series of 'chicken fights'. Greta, Shay, and Maria got on the shoulders of the men and tried to make the other rider fall off. They grasped hands or arms and pushed and pulled trying to unseat their opponent.
They all played. Julie was too heavy to be a rider so she was a mount. She carried the other women into battle. There was a lot of screaming and splashing and good fun.
After the game, they sunbathed. Daniel went to his sister who was lying on her stomach, he got the sunscreen bottle, and said, "Sis, you're getting a tan, but I think you still need this." He knelt beside her and rubbed the lotion on her back. He said, "You want to build up a base tan slowly."
"You're right. Thanks," she replied sleepily and sighed as he massaged her back and shoulders.
"There, your back is protected. You want to finish the job?"
"Would you do it? I'm so comfortable. The sun feels great. I don't want to move."
Daniel put more lotion on his hands and did the back of her legs and her butt. She spread her legs to give him access to her inner thighs. He did a thorough job and had an erection that proved it.
When he was finished, he sat beside her. She glanced at him, giggled, and asked, "Did I cause you to get a hard-on?"
"Penises have no brains or morals," Daniel said and chuckled. He lay beside her and his erection faded.
An hour later, Julie shouted, "Rest time is over. We are having another lesson for our best girl, Shay. The other day, the women with the help of the men, taught you how to give a blowjob. Today's lesson is also about oral sex. This time with the women on the receiving end. The men will eat us and have a turn with Shay."
"What's good for the goose is good for the gander!" Maria shouted.
"Shay, think of this exercise as a Whitman's Sampler," Greta said. "You don't know which chocolate candies you like until you've tried them all. This is your chance to learn if you like your clit sucked, circled, or rubbed. Hard or soft. With a finger in your pussy or your ass." She laughed and the others joined in.
"I don't know," Shay said.
"That's the problem," Julie said. "You don't know and after this exercise, you will. This isn't just for you. After the sampling, you will pick your favorite and the other men will eat us. A win for everyone!"
"Okay."
Mike went first. As the other watched, he kissed and licked her pussy. He had a light touch. Randy went next. He was more aggressive, licked her slit from bottom to top with a broad tongue, and they alternated sucking on her button and circling it with the tip of his tongue. She moaned loudly.
Dane took things to a higher level. He had an active tongue and utilized his hands more than the other guys. He caressed her thighs giving her goosebumps, sawed two fingers in and out of her vagina, and surprised her with a slick digit in her ass.
"Oh!" Shay squealed.
"There's the zinger," Greta said. "You can always count on Dane to keep things interesting." Maria and Julie laughed knowing what she was referring to.
"Next," Maria said, keeping things moving.
Dane removed his mouth from Shay's crotch. Daniel and the others spied Shay's glistening thighs and sex. Her button was engorged and prominent. Shay lay there with her legs spread wide open enjoying the sensations that her body was experiencing.
"Ready, Daniel?" Julie asked. There was an awkward pause. Daniel shook his head and said, "Ah. Ah. Shay, who do you choose to bring you to orgasm?"
"They all were great," she said. "It's a difficult choice. Randy, would you come back?"
"Glad to," the big oaf said and resumed eating her pussy.
Julie said, "I'm sorry, Daniel, for putting you in that awkward position. We've all been hanging out and having fun. I forgot you were Shay's brother. I wasn't presuming you'd have oral sex with your sister."
She spread her legs and said, "Let me make it up to you. Fuck me. Ass or pussy or both."
"I know you didn't mean anything, Julie," Daniel said. "I look forward to fucking you, but first let me give you oral sex." She nodded. He took a knee and licked the big woman's tasty snatch.
Dane gave Greta oral sex and Mike licked Maria. They all settled in. The men took their time and the women benefited. They moaned and sighed and loved the sensation the men generated. They stretched out and luxuriated in the good feelings.
It wasn't long before the synapses fired off, the women cried out, and climaxed. The men smiled, pulled back, and let the women drift off into the void and enjoy the moment.
The men lay with their partners. When the women recovered, they smiled, kissed ,and fucked. Randy was spooning Shay, when her eyes cleared, he thrust his dick into her pussy slowly and deliberately.
"Oh!" she squealed and her body tensed.
"Relax," Randy said softly. "Trust me." He pressed forward.
"But it's so big!" Shay said.
"Yes, but not too big. You can handle it. All the women here were apprehensive the first time we had sex and now they look forward to our time together. I'll be gentle. How do you feel?"
Shay took a deep breath and released it. She said, "It doesn't hurt. I feel stretched. I'm so full." She moved, pushed back, and helped him penetrate her. "Full in a good way," she cooed.
Randy pulled back even though he only had put half his cock in. He calmly, gently fucked her with half his cock. When she got used to it, he gave her more and more until he worked all of his substantial cock into her.
"Oh, My God!" Shay called out. "Your cock is wonderful!"
The other women laughed knowingly. "It is, isn't it?" Maria said. Maria petted Mike's face with her hand and said, "Please don't take any offense. You have a great cock and are a wonderful lover."
Mike quickly thrust his dick into Maria causing the brunette to groan and said, "I know you love me and you love Randy, Dane, and Daniel. I'm okay with that. I don't get jealous. I'm thankful you are in my life and you understand I love you even though I sleep with Greta, Shay, and Julie."
"We have a special relationship," Maria said. She and Mike kissed.
They all fucked. Shay came first and cried out the loudest. Everyone teased her about it for the rest of the night. Shay was a good sport and took it without getting annoyed, upset, or embarrassed.
They had dinner together on the deck followed by drinks. They laughed, joked, and talked. Shay sauntered over to Randy and requested a repeat performance. They went to bed early. She rode the beast and cried out so loudly when she orgasmed that the others who were making love in their bedrooms heard her both times.
^^^
The next morning there was a beautiful sunrise. None of the group saw it. They slept late and had an easy morning. After lunch, they went to the lake. As the beach towels were spread and the first beer was pulled from the cooler, Randy loudly pretended to play a trumpet and created his own fanfare, "Da dada DAAA!"
Everyone looked his way, the big man had a beach towel over his shoulders like a cape and a cardboard crown on his head. Daniel asked, "Is it time for the nude Olympics?"
"It is," Randy answered in his most majestic voice. "I, King Randy, and my beautiful queen, Greta." He paused as Greta ran to join him wearing her crown and faux cape. "We will defend our title and once again prove that not only are we the most handsome, intelligent, and awesome couple, but we are the most athletic!"
Everyone cheered and jeered them. Shay asked," What's going on?"
"We are going to run, jump, and play some silly games we did as children while drinking," Daniel said. "Oh, another average day at the lake," Shay teased.
"Yes," Daniel said. "My partner from the last game isn't here..." His sister interrupted him, smiled, and said, "You don't have to beg. Sure, I'll be on your team and win the tournament for you."
The teams were: Randy and Greta, Daniel and Shay, Dane and Maria, and Mike and Julie. The first event was the tug-of-war. Lots were drawn and the contest began. Randy easily defeated Dane. Shay beat Greta. Julie crushed Maria. Mike and Daniel had the longest, closest contest and Daniel managed to win it.
Daniel took on Randy in the finals and Shay was up against Julie. They all dug their feet into the sand, gripped the rope tightly, and pulled with all their might. The big folks couldn't be moved. Daniel and Shay tugged, sweated, sweared, and lost.
"Good effort, Daniel," Randy said as a truly good sport. They and the others shared a beer.
"Next up! Is the sack race!" Randy announced.
"Gosh. I haven't done that since I was six-years-old," Maria said. The men put their legs in the bag, tried to anticipate the start, and hopped for all they were worth. The women watched and laughed as the men raced. Dane eked out a victory over the others.
Randy lined the women up for the twenty-five-yard sack race. "Hold it," he said. "We have a fault. One of you is over the starting line." He went to Shay, put his hands on her breasts, and pushed her back. "Your full, firm, round breasts were hanging over the line." Everyone laughed. The race began. The men at the finish line hooted and hollered. Mike said, "Whoever thought of this race is a genius. Look at those bouncing titties."
"Except for Greta," Dane snickered
"Of course," Mike said, "Shay is a great addition to the group. She's got great boobs. Look at them shimmy, jiggle, and shake. Oh, baby! I like."
It was a close race, the judges conferred, and Mike announced, "Shay is the winner in a photo finish by a nipple!"
Shay jumped in joy and rewarded the boys with another titty bounce.
Next up was the limbo contest. Maria found some appropriate music on her iPhone and the competition began. This was another crowd-pleasing event. The women laughed at the men contorting their bodies to get under the bar. Randy was out first, Dane was surprisingly inflexible. Mike won for the men.
The men enjoyed watching the women go under the bar. They spread their legs and leaned back giving the men a great view of their pussies. The petite and limber Greta won this one. She claimed it was her lack of breasts that allowed her to clear the low bar. Everyone laughed and loved her for not being overly sensitive and self-conscious about her flat chest.
They had a ring toss. Everyone chugged a beer, picked up a hula hoop, and tossed it at their partner. The goal was to encircle them. The target was allowed to move. It would take a perfect throw by Greta or Mike to capture big Randy and Julie and that didn't happen. The rest accomplished the task and earned a point.
They had a relay race. The women ran, tagged their partner who had to down a beer, and run to the finish line backward. Randy and Dane tripped. It was neck-and-neck for Mike and Daniel. A final backward lounge gave Daniel the victory.
"A wheelbarrow relay race?" Shay questioned.
"Yes. We did this every year at my county fair," Randy explained.
The women grasped their partner's ankles and men took off. Greta had trouble with Randy's large legs and kept losing her grip, his feet fell to the ground, and they fell behind. The other three were neck-and-neck.
At the turn, they switched positions and the women became the 'wheel'. The women concentrated on winning the race and didn't realize that they were giving their handlers the mother of all pussy shots with their legs spread wide.
The women struggled due to their lack of upper body strength to complete the race. Their men cheered and encouraged them and angled their legs so the other men got a great view of their snatches. Julie's bulk slowed her down and it became a two-person race with Dane and Maria pulling it out at the end. None of the men considered themselves losers because they saw a lot of pink during the race.
Julie announced, "We have reached our final contest. The task is simple. The ladies will guide their blindfolded partner backward through the curving, twisting course. The guides cannot give verbal directions, but she is allowed to use their joystick."
"Joystick? I don't understand," Shay said.
"You can use their dick like you use the joystick of an Xbox or Playstation," Maria said with a laugh. Greta elaborated, "You can't tell your partner which direction to step, but you can signal them by moving their dick."
"As we move into the final contest, the scores are close and it's anyone's game to win," Julie said with all the drama of a TV announcer at a sporting event. "Shay and Dane have a slight lead, but since you lose a point for every step outside the line and the team can earn two points for completing the maze in under a minute, anyone can be our next king and queen,"
A roar went up from the competitors. "What's the prize?" Shay asked.
"You mean besides the honor and glory and cardboard crown?" Randy said. "Yes," Shay said and giggled.
"The king and queen receive the love and adoration of their subjects for one night," Greta said and grinned. Shay looked confused. Maria said, "If you win, the three losing men spend the night with you and do whatever you want and likewise, the king will be serviced by the three losing women."
"Oh."
"More like 'Oh! Oh! Ohhhh!'," Julie playfully moaned like a woman orgasming.
"Shay," Maria said. "Just in case you want to know, the men do rock paper scissors to determine the order of play. Their partner gets one minute to give them an erection, the man is blindfolded, and directed through the course. My phone will count down the time and the other women will assign demerits for stepping outside the line."
Daniel went to his sister and said, "We don't have to do it if you're grossed out by the thought of holding my dick."
"So now you have scruples and are concerned about me? After you watched my boobs bounce during the sack race? You practically saw my cervix during the wheelbarrow race."
"Ah...Ah...Ah," he stammered.
"It's cool," she said. "We said we'd treat each other like regular members of the gang. I'm okay with you looking at me and I'll be okay with touching your dick. I'd like to win the prize. Don't you?"
"Yes."
"Good. Then it's settled."
The men sat in the grass facing the house and drinking a beer while the women created a simple, meandering path, thirty-yards long, three-feet wide, and with two ninety-degree turns in the sand.
Randy was to go first. Greta had him lay down. She climbed on top of him, put her mouth on his dick, and stuck her pussy on his face. She couldn't give him a blowjob so she licked and kissed his member and relied on her honeypot to give him an erection. When he was hard, he was blindfolded and put on the course. She guided him, but alas, he made a couple of missteps.
Greta removed his blindfold, jumped on the bear of the man, kissed him, and said, "Sorry, king. It looks like our reign is over." "You were a great queen." They kissed again.
Dane and Maria were up next. She blew him, he was blindfolded, and they walked the course. They did well but missed completing the track in under a minute.
"Ladies and gentlemen, our new leaders are Dane and Maria," Randy said in a deep voice like an announcer on television.
Julie sucked on Mike's cock until it was erected and they took their turn. It didn't go well and they were out of the running.
Shay and Daniel stepped forward. She dropped to her knees like the other women had and slurped his limp dick into her mouth. She sucked and tongued him, but nothing happened. Daniel looked at his friends. The men appeared to be envious and the women ho-hum, still he was uncomfortable and looked to be on edge.
Shay scraped her fingernails on his thigh and jostled his ball. Still, nothing happened. She looked up at her brother and saw that he was nervous.
She stood, pressed her breasts against his body, and fondled his cock. She whispered in his ear, "Remember when you chastised me for being anxious and shy? You helped me get over it and I'm much happier. There's no reason for you to be ashamed of letting me give you an erection. I know you like my body."
She rubbed her breasts against him. Her hard nipples scored his chest. His member lurched. She whispered breathily, "It's okay to like my body. Men are visual creations. I've been told I'm pretty and that I have nice breasts. I've seen you ogling my boobs.
"The other day when the girls were teaching me how to give a blowjob, Greta was sucking your dick, but you weren't looking at her. You were looking at my tits. You came so hard and fast. It was me that caused it, wasn't it?"
His dick swelled and stiffened. "It's okay to admit you find me attractive. Even sexy. I grabbed your dick when we were in the water playing keep away. Did you grab my ass and tits?"
"Yes," he hissed. He was fully hard. She stepped back and said, "Put the blindfold on him. We're ready to do this." Julie tied the cloth over his eyes.
Shay pushed, and pulled on his penis guiding him error-free through the course in record time.
"We won! We won!" Shay shouted. Daniel removed the blindfold, smiled, and hugged his sister.
For the rest of the day, the others fetched Daniel and Shay beers and addressed them as 'Your Majesty'. They were served first at dinner and whisked off to bed afterward.
"I don't know how this is going to work," Shay said with a giggle as Randy, Dane, and Mike surrounded her. "Like this," Randy said. The men joined her on the bed. It was better than she could have imagined.
She was caressed everywhere. Constantly stimulated. Someone kissed her while another lavished attention on her breasts and the third man stimulated her pussy. They rotated and made sure she was taken care of.
Shay came twice during the extended, group foreplay. First, on Randy's tongue and then as Dane sucked on her clit while fingering her pussy and ass. Wait. That isn't exactly correct because the other men were with her, kissing her, and stimulating her breasts. They played a part in her climax too.
^^^
Daniel received the same royal treatment. He was kissed, caressed, and his dick was sucked. He was presented with mouths, breasts, and pussies to kiss, suck, and lick. He took it all.
He had the women stand, he knelt behind them and buried his face in their asses. It was wonderful and sensual and naughty. Julie's immense bottom was a treat. All that soft flesh to grab and squeeze!
^^^
Shay lay on the bed a pile of quivering flesh. She was relaxed and happy. They fucked from the front, back, and side with her on top and her on the bottom. There was always a cock to suck or fuck.
She indulged and took on two men at once. Her pussy overflowed with cum and she lost track of her orgasms.
^^^
Daniel ate the women and fucked them all. Exhausted after cumming in three different pussies, he napped. The women excused themselves to clean up, returned, and snuggled with him.
^^^
After Randy plowed Shay's pussy and gave her an exceptional orgasm, Dane rolled her over onto her face and ate her ass. She squealed and squirmed. Then, she stopped fighting and moaned, "Ah! Oh! Mmm!"
Dane positioned her on her side and they spooned. He nibbled on her neck, cupped a breast, and fingered her. He sunk his dick into her pussy and they fucked unhurriedly.
Dane pulled out. "Please don't stop," Shay whined. He brought her knees up, slathered lube on his cock and her bottom, and he drove his slim cock inside her butt.
"Whoa! How did you do that?" Shay woke from her state of supreme bliss.
"I'm very good at anal sex. I'm gentle and careful," Dane said as he fed her his cock. "Does it feel good?"
"I can't believe it didn't hurt," Shay said. "That it doesn't hurt. Mmmm. It's different. It feels good." She giggled and said, "I feel so naughty."
Dane lengthened his stroke. She sighed and said, "I feel every inch on you."
"I thought you'd like it," Dane said. "Shall we continue?"
"Yes!"
Shay had another orgasm and more cum deposited into her body. She went to the bathroom to clean up, came back and fell into bed, and was instantly asleep.
^^^
Daniel woke to find women on either side of him. Greta was spooning him. He kissed her neck, waking her. "Mmmm," she moaned. She wiggled her butt against his erection and asked, "Looking for someplace to put that? My pussy's available."
Dan licked his fingers, wet her opening and the tip of his dick. He slid inside her and they had a leisure fuck. She bucked against him, fingered her clit, and got off. He filled her vagina with his sticky cream and they both went back to sleep.
^^^
The next three days went quickly because everyone was having so much fun. They slept late, spent the afternoons at the lake, and evenings on the deck drinking. They had great sex multiple times a day with multiple partners.
Two hours after sunset on day seven, Mike shouted, "New moon!" The men hooted and hollered as they ran inside the house.
"What are they so excited about?" Shay asked. "We get a new moon every twenty-nine days."
"You know," Julie said. "It's the darkest night in the lunar month."
Greta snickered and said, "They have a unique way of celebrating it."
"Yes," Maria said. "The boys like to take advantage of the darkness."
The men re-appeared carrying mattresses. The deck furniture was moved aside and the men pushed the beds together.
Julie clapped and said, "I love a New Moon party. I'll get the blindfolds." She hurried inside.
"Blindfolds? What's going on?" Shay asked.
"Have you ever slithered in a pile of naked bodies touching everyone and being touched by everyone?" Maria asked.
"No."
"Would you like to?" Greta asked and laughed. "Because tonight's your chance."
Shay stared at her. Greta beamed and said, "Dear, we're having an orgy on the deck by the light of the stars."
"It'll be wild, anonymous sex," Maria added gleefully. "The combination of no moonlight and blindfolds sets the scene perfectly: You have no idea who is on your right or your left."
"It's all anonymous body parts: dicks, pussies, butts, breasts, and lips to kiss," Julie said.
"I like it because women, by our nature, focus on emotionally connecting with our partner and worry about their satisfaction, "Greta said. "This has the 'Sex with a Stranger' vibe. I don't know you, and, therefore, I don't care about you. I'm concentrating on my pleasure. Since no one knows who I am, I'm free to experiment and do things I normally am too inhibited to try."
"Are you game?" Marie asked. "I'm wet just thinking about it. It's a blast."
"Okay."
"There's only one rule," Greta said. "Have fun!"
Julie returned with blindfolds. She heard the tail end of the conversation and said, "There are a few rules. The main one is to have fun. Another is not talking. That's a dead give away to who you are and we want to hide everyone's identity. Some people you can't help but recognize, Randy by his big dick and me by my jelly-belly, so you have to pretend sometimes to maintain the illusion."
Shay nodded.
"You can do anything you like. Grab, stroke, touch, kiss, lick, suck, or fuck. And don't be shocked if you're grabbed, stroked, kissed... You get the point," Julie said and laughed.
"No one has to do anything they don't want," Greta explained. "If someone touches you or does something you're not in the mood for, tap them twice to get their attention and gently push them away. There will be no hard feelings and don't get upset if someone signals you that they aren't interested in whatever you want to do."
Maria chipped in and said, "Everyone here is cool and will respect your decision. Sometimes in a pit, a girl will kiss you or lick your pussy. If you're down with it, fine. If not, gently let her know and she'll stop. Or some guy may want to fuck or finger your butt. If you're not in the mood, let him know. Okay?"
"Yes. You guys have this well organized," Shay said.
"We do," Greta said. "We get a lot of practice with a new moon coming every twenty-nine days!"
"One last instruction," Julie said. "At the beginning, we are standing around the mattresses and you can see who is where. To create the anonymity we want, when the game begins, crawl around zigging and zagging. Get lost so you have no idea where you are and who is beside you."
Julie distributed the blindfolds. Dane came around with shots of tequila. They toasted the new moon, downed the liquor, put on the blindfolds, and crawled onto the mattresses.
Skin rubbed skin. Hands caressed bodies. It wasn't difficult to determine males from females due to the anatomical differences and the softness of the skin.
Kisses were exchanged, but they were fleeting as if everyone was saying hello and moving on. Shay kissed a guy. The next lips pressed against hers were a woman's. She kissed her as passionately as the man. She told herself, "I'm going all in. I will experiment. I will let anyone who wants to be with me, to kiss or touch me. If a woman wants to lick my pussy that's okay and I'll lick her back."
The men sought out the women for kisses and to cop a feel. When they came across another man, they turned away and sought feminine flesh.
When Shay and the other women found an erection, they stroked and sucked it for a few minutes before moving on. Hands pushed on the legs of the women, they were spread allowing lips, fingers, and tongues to reach their tender flesh.
Some of those cuntlickers were female. Greta and Julie enjoyed eating pussy and being eaten. Maria and now Shay allowed anyone to lick their pussies. Shay put her tongue in all the vaginas.
As the evening wore on, the quick, casual encounters lengthened. Some man had his head between Shay's legs and was doing an excellent job servicing her.
"Oh. Mmmm," Shay moaned. "This guy is really good. Who is it?" She wondered. She pulled her blindfold up, peeked, gasped, and whispered, "Daniel?"
Daniel heard his name, uncovered his eyes, and saw his sister staring wide-eyed at him. He wiped her essence off his lips and crawled away.
Shay was stunned and froze. Mike found her, guided her to her knees, and sunk his cock in her. "Oh!" she exclaimed as he took her doggie-style. Shay was too preoccupied thinking about her encounter with her brother to enjoy Mike's cock. She tapped his thigh twice and crawled away. Mike let her go and went in search of a more amenable partner.
Shay moved on and found Randy, who she recognized by his gigantic cock. She nursed on it and found it soothing. She felt female hands caress her breasts and her bottom. They helped her forget about her brother. When a dick tapped against her ass, she was ready. She spread her legs and pushed back against the hard cock.
"Ohhhh," she sighed softly as his stiff erection slid inside her. It filled her well and she allowed her mystery lover to bang her from behind while she gave Randy head.
Randy pulled his dick from her mouth. He had been fingering Julie and playing with her big tits and now they were ready to fuck. He pushed his big cock into Julie's front hole.
A woman lay in front of Shay spread-eagle. Shay ate her pussy as she was plowed from behind by a stranger.
Maria hooked up with some guy. She rode him reverse cowgirl. Shay recognized her by her perfume and because she had a habit of noisily sucking air into her lungs when her orgasm was building.
Maria climaxed first and set off a chain reaction. Mike busted a nut in the hot Latina. Julie moaned and spasmed. Randy fired off inside her vagina. Shay cried out as she climaxed. Her partner shoved his cock deep inside her and came and came and came.
Shay lost track of what was happening when fireworks went off in her head, bliss filled her body, and her toes curled. She collapsed. Her lover collapsed on top of her. He kissed her shoulder and pawed her breasts as he experienced the promised land.
Shay regained consciousness, turned her head, and sought out the lips of her lover. She tongue-kissed him and whispered, "Thanks. That was great." When he didn't answer, she pulled her blindfold off and stared into the eyes of her brother. She said, "You!"
"Shhh. No talking. Remember?" Julie chastised her.
Shay crawled off the mattress. Daniel followed her into the kitchen. "Shay, wait." She turned to him and said, "Are you going to tell me it was an accident? Us being together twice!"
"We were together four times," he said. "You sucked my cock so fantastically I took off my blindfold to see who it was and I learned the woman who thrilled me was my little sister."
"I sucked every dick that came my way, but I didn't purposely seek out yours."
"I didn't know if it was an accident or done on purpose. All I knew is I liked it. A lot. I offered you my dick again and you gave me another world-class blowjob. I loved it, but I was confused, conflicted, and I withdrew."
"I lost myself in sex with Julie. I felt safe and it gave me time to think. As we 69ed, I thought about what you said about wanting to be treated as one of the gang. I've rubbed sunscreen on your butt. We've waltzed naked with my erection poking you in the stomach and you held my dick as we did the maze in the nude Olympics."
She looked into her eyes and listened intently.
"And you sucked my dick tonight."
"By accident!" she explained.
"I wasn't sure so I sought you out and reciprocated with oral sex. You liked it. I heard you moaning."
"I like a tongue on my clit!" she answered exasperatedly. "It's not just penises that don't have brains and morals. When I learned it was you, I crawled away."
"You're right. You did. I pursued you, fucked you, and it was wonderful. Or was it just spectacular for me?"
"It was wonderful. Spectacular," Shay agreed and bit her lower lip before adding, "I should have seen this coming. That in the dark we might bump into each other and hook up, but I was so excited by the idea of participating in the anonymous orgy that I didn't think of that possibility. You see, sex with a stranger is my number one fantasy. I've masturbated to it many nights."
Her brother had a surprised look on his face. She frowned and said, "Girls masturbate too. Why are you surprised? You knew I didn't date."
"Sorry. Of course."
"When this party started, I gave myself permission to fully participate. I knew I'd have sex with Dane, Mike, and Randy. I made a conscious decision to have sex with the girls. I was going to kiss any of the women that wanted to kiss me and let them touch my body and eat my pussy, if they wanted to. I licked lots of vaginas tonight and liked it.
"So if I'm willing to have sex with strangers of both genders, why not you? You're a good guy and a dick is a dick. Right?"
"And your clit has no brains, morals, or conscience," Daniel added with a laugh. "The same as my penis."
"There's no going back to the brother-sister relationship we had before we came here," Shay said."For one, that shy, quiet girl no longer exists. I'm open to a new relationship built on love, respect, and equality."
"Me too."
Shay came to him and stood nose-to-nose with her brother. Her tits pressed against his chest as she whispered in a husky voice, "You have to treat me like one of the gang." She grasped his limp dick. "And I get equal time with your pretty, perfect penis." She stroked it as she kissed him. He got hard as they kissed passionately.
"I've learned a lot of things this summer," Shay said. "That my brother loves me and will do crazy things to make me happy. You got me out of my shell and my life is so much better."
"You're welcome."
"I like being naked, having friends, and having sex. I'll definitely make those things a part of my life from now on.
"Good."
"I've also learned that you can't let the fear of what other people might think limit you. Before this naked adventure, I was so afraid I didn't do or say anything. I hid in my room. You've shown me the rewards of being brave. I'll not let fear rule my life again."
"Good for you."
She hopped on the kitchen table and sat with her butt on the edge. She spread her legs and pulled him forward. She grabbed his dick, slotted it at her opening, and said, "I like it when my brother fucks me."
He smiled and drove his cock into her. They moaned as he penetrated her.
"I love you," Shay said. "I love this."
"Me too."
"If we hide and do this in secret it's as if we are admitting that this is wrong or dirty and it doesn't feel that way to me," Shay said.
"I agree."
She put her arms around his neck and pulled herself to him so he was carrying her. She wrapped her legs around his waist. He put his arms under her legs to support her.
"Oh. Oh. So good," she moaned. He grunted and took a step.
"Do that again!" she said. "I liked it."
"Do what?''
"When you walked, I bounced on your dick driving it deeper into me." He took another step. "Oh. Yes. I like that," Shay said. "Take me outside."
"You want to show everyone that we're having sex?"
"Uh-huh." He walked outside and every step caused her to moan. "Ohhh."
Their friends were sitting in chairs or lying on the mattresses, talking and drinking with the blindfolds off. Everyone was sweaty, relaxed, and looked satisfied. The new moon orgy was over. No man had an erection. They were spent.
The gang saw them and smiled.
"Daniel and I had sex," Shay explained, "while playing the game tonight. We liked it and will continue. Since my new motto is to be brave, we won't hide this fact from you."
"Shy Shay is dead. Long live the better, braver version," Randy shouted. "Hear, hear!" Mike called out in support. The others cheered and offered kind words and their support.
Shay and Daniel kissed. She pulled her body up, dropped herself on his dick, and sighed. He walked around bouncing her and thrusting inside her. Their friends smiled and watched as Daniel groaned and Shay threw her head back and moaned loudly.
"Randy, Mike, A little help, " Daniel said. "Shay, I'm afraid I'm going to drop you." The boys quickly came to his aid. Daniel joked, "Miss one hundred-twenty pounds must have had a big lunch. My thighs are burning."
Randy and Mike got behind Shay and put their hands under her butt. Randy said, "We have you, Shay. Let go of Daniel's neck." She did and the young men lowered her so she could put her feet on the deck. Daniel sat on the mattress.
Shay went to him, climbed on top of her brother, and said, "We have unfinished business." She rode him to mutual orgasms.
^^^
The rest of the second week at the lake was filled with nudity, fun, drinking, and great sex. Sex without limits. Everyone had sex with everyone, and no one batted an eye. Shay and Daniel had sex daily, and they continued to have sex with the others.
There were tears and hugs when they parted. Shay kissed them all goodbye and said, "I can't thank you enough. I love you all. You saved me from a fear filled, deary existence. You gave me the gift of life. You opened my eyes and brought me into the sunshine."
"We love you too," Greta said as she wiped a tear from her eye.
"We'll get together again, " Randy said. He gave her a bear hug.
"Yes, we will," Shay said. "Soon, I hope."
The End
P.S. Some of you may think I got it wrong when I said in the first line of this story that I'm not a sick bastard. I still contend that I didn't lie. Sure, I fuck my sister. Why not? She's hot. I don't force her to have sex with me. That would be sick.
If you asked my sister about me, she'd say I am the one who showed her how to live a happy, joy-filled life with lots of great friends. If you asked her if I was a sick bastard, I'm sure that she would say I'm a great brother and she's lucky to have me. In and out of her bed.