She squirmed silently in her bed, still half asleep. She lay face down in her pillows, one arm was pinned beneath her. Fingers gently teased between her thighs, and inside her delicate folds. She whimpering softly into her bedding, hips ginding onto her own hand in search of relief.
More awake now, she turned onto her back. She kicked away the covers to lay exposed and naked in the bed. She opened her legs wide. Her fingers pushed gently through the soft moist triangle of hair as she reached down again. Her other hand gripped her large breast, lifting it into a soft pale mound with a dark sensitive peak. Her thumb and forefinger pinched the peak, and rolled it as two fingers enter her.
"Uuuh." She whimpered softly and started to fuck herself. Writhing alone on her bed, almost there, almost. A single bead of sweat from under her big soft tits ran down her side. Tickling and distracting as the hot flush took over and her skin was covered in a thin damp film.
"Fuck it." Claire whispered, exasperated, and rolled out of bed to stand naked at the window. She was Silhouetted against the starry night sky. A little shorter than average, and a little fuller-figured than average. Not to mention that everything seems to hang a bit lower than it did. But a busy lifestyle meant she was still in good shape for a menopausal mum.
The wind was blew hard outside. The trees swayed, their hissing so loud it was all she could hear. She opened the window wide, and the breeze rushed in. It wasn't cold, but her skin tingled nonetheless as it was caressed. Tiny hairs stood on end sending delicious waves of pleasure dancing all over her.
Outside there was no sound, but the hiss of the wind in the trees. No movement in the dark shadows of her neighbourhood back gardens, but for the swaying of the wind in the trees. She turned her head, the clock said almost 3am. She was wide awake, uncomfortable, and restless.
"Oh for fucks sake." Claire sighed, thoroughly fed up now. She grabbed the dressing gown from the end of her bed and put it on. Sneaking quietly passed the kids' rooms, not even knowing if they were home, she hardly saw them these days. By the time she had reached the kitchen, Claire was sweating again. She stood by the window, drinking a glass of water, and watching the trees. She could still feel the tingle of the wind's caress on her skin from before.
With no clear thought or agenda, Claire unlocked the back door and stepped outside. The door closing behind her seemed to shout a loud and rude interruption to the trees' song. But soon the memory of the harsh sound is gone, shushed away by the tree's enticing call.
Claire meandered through her small garden, stretching her toes into the soft cold grass. Throwing her head back as the wind blew her long, dark, wavy hair off her pale face. The breeze cooled her, caressing her, tugging gently at her gown. All the time telling her, shhh, it's ok.
She looked around at the backs of neighbour's houses surrounding her. All the windows are dark. The world was asleep, there was just the breeze and her. She took a long deep breath and sighed softly as her tension eased. Then Claire pulled at the belt tied loosely around her waist. The thin strip of cotton fell away and a slight gap opened in her robe. The wind seemed to notice and sent a gust her way. Flipping one side of her robe open, as if the breeze itself was trying to undress her.
Her breathing became a little faster, and her hands trembled with nervous excitement. Claire eased the robe back off her shoulders, letting it fall and catching it on her elbows. Standing almost naked in the starry night, her gown dragging behind her. She caught her breath as the wind wrapped its arms around her. Delicate electric fingers stroked her pale skin, sending tiny shocks of excitement through her quivering body.
"Aaah." Claire gasped quietly, feeling her skin tighten in response. The cool hands of the wind toyed with her, touching her most intimate places. Her dark sensitive nipples hardened into firm pink mounds. Standing proud, almost begging for attention. As they stiffened they sent powerful shocks of desire sparking all through her, to earth in the throbbing wet folds between her thighs.
The night had been a failure so far. Ryan knew it was too windy for his telescope to see anything clearly. But that wasn't the only reason he enjoyed star gazing. He had just spent the last hour sitting back in his chair, watching the trees sway above him and relaxing. He spotted a couple of shooting stars and brushed up on his constellations. But most of the time was spent just thinking and enjoying the peace and quiet. His musing was brought to an abrupt end by the sound of a door closing nearby.
He sat for a moment, listening, but couldn't hear anything apart from the trees shushing him. He didn't know why but felt he should remain quiet. So he carefully eased himself out of the chair beside his telescope and got to his feet. He turned in the direction he thought the sound came from. And there, standing in the middle of her lawn, was his next-door neighbour, Claire.
Between them was a waist-high wooden fence and a large bush. Ryan peered around the bush at her as a lump started to swell up in his throat. He felt sure he should make himself known in some way. Say hello, cough, anything. But couldn't seem to make a sound. Then, all of a sudden, it was too late, his chance to casually say hi was gone.
As he watched from behind the bush. Claire unfastened her robe and slid it back off her shoulders. Her pale skin seemed to glow in the dim light of the stars. Her large soft breasts swaying gently as she moved held him captive. Her little round belly and soft thick thighs converged in a dark triangle of soft curls. Her long, wavy, dark red hair blew out behind her in the wind.
"Oh fuck." Ryan mouthed to himself, and he knew he was lost. He could hear her gasp and whimper at the touch of the cool night air and his excitement grew. Glancing back at his own house, he made sure there were no signs that his family was awake. Then he turned his attention back to his neighbour.
She had not moved, but stood almost naked in the middle of her small garden. Her head tipped forward as if she was looking down at her own body. Her dressing gown was still caught over her elbows and hung behind her like a figure in some old oil painting. Her arms were bent and her fingers moved delicately across her skin. As if trying to replicate the touch of the breeze.
One hand moved up over the curve of her large, hanging breast. So her fingers could tease the dark puffy circle of her nipple. The other hand traced a line down over her belly. As her fingers neared the dark triangle of curls, she shifted her weight and moved her legs apart. Then her fingertips brushed, as gently as the breeze, over her hot wet folds. Sending a shudder through her that even Ryan could see.
"Oh my god. Oh my fucking god." Ryan thought to himself. Half panicked, but more turned on than he had ever thought possible. She looked around, checking once more that she was alone. Ryan dropped to one knee, hidden behind the bush and fence. His heart was racing, and his cock throbbed to erection. When he felt brave enough to stand up again, she was gone. Walking quietly toward the end of her garden, dragging her robe behind her.
Ryan moved with her, keeping level with her as she moved. Passing as quietly as possible from cover to cover. He crept closer to the fence between them, hiding in the last bush at the end of his garden. His eyes locked on the MILF next door. He was now totally in lust with her. She continued to touch and tease herself, whimpering occasionally as her caresses became more intense and forceful.
Claire took a good look around again, had she heard something? No, it must have been just the wind. She decided to move away from the house, to a darker, more secluded spot. She walked down her garden, dragging her dressing gown behind her, feeling at one with the night. Almost as if they were lovers and she was being led to a more intimate place.
Her fingertips found her clit and teased it. Her knees wobbled just a little and she pinched her nipple hard, letting out a soft moan. Her fingers moved faster over her button, rubbing it a little harder and her hips began to squirm. But it wasn't right, she felt so horny, but her fingers were not going to be enough.
For a moment Claire considered going back inside and getting her one and only toy. But she knew if she did, the moment was done, and she wouldn't come back out. It had to be here, it had to be now. She looked around the garden and spotted the table and chairs in the dark sheltered corner.
She walked quickly toward them. The little, white, square, cast iron table and two round chairs stood on a small patio area up against the neighbour's fence. It was mostly hidden by bushes and was her favorite spot to sit with a drink and enjoy her me time. But tonight it had a different purpose.
Ryan stood and stared, transfixed by his neighbour as she pleasured herself. Almost without knowing he was doing it, he untied the string around the waist of his jog pants. He pulled them down at the front and gripped his rock-hard cock, stroking it slowly as he watched her. He felt ashamed and guilty like he was taking advantage of her private moment in the worst way. But he couldn't help himself, he sank slowly to his knees, peeking at her over the fence.
Then she turned and approached him. Frozen with fear, he didn't dare move. Not allowing himself to hope that she was coming to him, that she knew he was there all along, no surely not. She walked closer, a slow seductive walk, as if it was just for him to see. Her breasts swayed hypnotically as she moved. Her little belly jiggled and her wide hips swung from side to side.
She stopped just feet away on the far side of the small table. Paying him no attention Claire raised one hand to hold and lift her breast again. Her fingers pinched and pulled the dark mound of her nipple. Ryan could hear her panting softly, her excitement building. She reached out her other hand, gripping the edge of the table firmly. Then she moved closer, the edges of the table sinking into her soft thighs. The cold hard corner of the table pushed between them and into her wet, yielding folds.
"uuuhh." Claire sighed, pressing herself onto the corner of the table. The thrill of the cool hard corner parting her lips and sliding over her clit made her shudder. Her hips began squirming in little circles, gently exploring the feel of the table. Slowly pushing a little harder, moving a little faster. Biting her lip now as her hips bucked, back and forth, grinding her clit on the tabletop. Fucking herself on it as if it were her partner. Faster, harder, almost there...
"oh fuck." Ryan thought to himself, his eyes locked on Claire as she pleasured herself on the corner of the table. But suddenly she tensed and quickly stepped back from the table. She lifted her robe and wrapped it tight around her with her arms wrapped even tighter over it.
"Who's there?" She asked in a whisper that managed to sound angry, desperate, and panicked all at the same time. Ryan realised he had thought out loud. Just a whisper, but Claire was so close, that was all it took. He stayed hidden for a few more seconds. Wondering if she really knew he was there and if he could bluff it out.
"Who is it?" She asked again, this time her voice was more controlled, more certain. "I can see you peeping over the fence." It was clear Ryan had been discovered. She was looking straight at him, her arms and dressing gown wrapped defensively around her. He considered his options, turn and run? He should have done that at the start. Maybe a pick-up line? He didn't have any and that would probably just earn him a well-deserved slap in the face. There was really only one option.
"I'm so sorry." Ryan whispered getting to his feet. "Please, I didn't mean to, I was out with my telescope and." His words faded into the night as he quickly gave up on the apology. The two of them stood in the dark corners of their gardens. Just watching each other, and listening to their hearts pounding. The wind seemed to be listening too, the trees suddenly still and silent. The night holding its breath to see what would happen.
Neither of them could hold the other's gaze and they both looked away. Ryan turned back to his house, wishing the earth would open and swallow him. Claire looked down, and right at Ryan's cock. She was impressed, she hadn't seen any but her ex-husbands for the last twenty-odd years and didn't remember them being so, well, big. It thrust up from the waist of his trousers, long, thick, and so hard. His large ball sack hooked over the elasticated material making sure she could see all of it. She felt herself blushing, her face getting hotter as her horny wet pussy throbbed, wanting him inside.
A long, uncomfortable moment passed while they tried to figure out what to do now. Stood just feet from each other, both desperately horny and completely out of control. Ryan felt himself exposed and moved to adjust his pants to cover himself. This stirred Claire into action, her passion taking charge and dragging the naughty, easy, teenager she used to be back to life.
She casually turned a chair to face Ryan. Then she lowered herself onto it. Pausing for a moment to make sure she had his attention. He stared at her, a confused, scarred expression on his face. Claire slowly opened her robe, folding it back off her shoulders and letting it slide down her arms until it hung over the back of the chair. She sat naked before him, her large breasts heaving as she panted, her passion and desire in complete control. She leaned back, her hands clasped together behind the chair back, pushing her chest out. Then she slowly, and very deliberately, opened her legs wide.
"Holy shit." Ryan gasped, gazing down at her soft pale body and drinking her in.
"Come here," Claire whispered, leaning her head a little to one side and trying to look seductive. She didn't have to try, sitting naked like that, she just was. It seemed to take a moment for Ryan's brain to make sense of what was happening. But at last, he reacted, easily climbing over the short fence to stand awkwardly just in front of her.
"Closer," she whispered, and Ryan shuffled between her wide-open legs. He stared down at her soft voluptuous body, heaving with passion, trembling with excitement. Claire looked up at him and at last, he returned her gaze.
"Closer." She whispered again, making a point of catching her top lip with her tongue as she pronounced the L. Their eyes locked together now as Ryan edged closer still, his knees pushing against her inner thigh. With a quick glance down at his groin, Claire told him what to do next. Ryan pushed his thumbs into the waist of his pants and dragged them down to his thighs, then lifted his T-shirt.
Ryans rock hard cock thrust upward just inches from Claire's face. Thick veins bulged from the surface of his girth. Pale skin stretched tight over half of the fat round head. The other half bulged pink and wet from the foreskin, a little bead of precum just seeping over the lip of skin. She looked up at him, her hands still clasped behind the chair's back, and licked her lips. Then she leaned forward and slowly slid her soft wet lips down over his thick twitching cock.
"Uuurghhh... oooh fuck..." Ryan gasped, his legs wobbling a little as his cock slid deeper and deeper into Claire's hot wet mouth. Encouraged by his moans she started to suck him. Her head nodding back and forth. Her mouth filled with his fat cock and the taste of his sex. Her lips searched down the shaft, eager for more, making little slurping noises as she slid them up and down. She felt him tremble, then tense.
"Oh shit... shit." Ryan hissed as his cock throbbed and suddenly launched a tidal wave of cum down Claire's throat. She pulled away, choking and spluttering, his cock throbbing and jumping around as it continued spitting his seed at her. Thick gobs of sticky cum splash onto her face, neck and tits.
"Oh shit," Ryan babbled, "I'm so sorry... I, I couldn't stop." Claire looked up at him, a huge naughty grin on her face. Loving every moment and feeling like a teenager again. Then, to let him know it was alright, she leaned forward and took his cum dripping cock in her mouth again. Sucking, licking, and swallowing all of his juice until his erection eased. Whimpering softly with excitement as his taste filled her mouth.
Claire hadn't thought much beyond sucking his cock, because she enjoyed doing that, and then fucking him. But he had cum already, so for a moment she thought it was all over far too soon. Then Ryan suddenly dropped to his knees between her open thighs and pushed his face into her soft wet folds. His lips searching frantically, his tongue lapping at her, parting her lips, and pushing inside.
"Aaah," Claire gasped as he licked her slit eagerly. Then sucked her folds into his mouth and held them with his lips, moving his head up and down as he sucked. She wriggled forward on the chair until her ass was perched on the edge, her legs open wide to allow Ryan unrestricted access to her cunt. He groaned softly as he ate her, obviously as excited by giving oral as she was. His fingers slid up either side of her soaking-wet lips. Pressing them together and holding them to his licking sucking mouth. Then they slipped inside, driving deep into her vagina.
"Aaah... oh fuck," Claire whimpered and grabbed a big handful of his hair with one hand. She maneuvered his eager mouth and tongue to her clit. Guiding his enthusiasm, her hips writhing on his face, fucking herself on his fingers. He followed her lead and lapped hungrily at whatever part of her she put in his mouth.
"oooh... oohhh... ooh yeah." She moaned, her spare hand squeezing the soft globe of her breast hard. Pinching and pulling on her big puffy nipple as her neighbour ate her cunt. Her orgasm building yet again, she gripped him and herself tighter in desperation. Until at last her hand shot to her mouth and she moaned into her fist.
"Aaah, aaah, yes... fuck yes." Claire's cries of passion were muted by her hand. Writhing on the chair, her body tense and quivering as wave after wave of pleasure pulsed through her. But the throbbing need of her hot wet cunt wasn't satisfied, far from it. It had been so long, she wanted more, and now. Pushing Ryan's head away she got to her feet. Standing naked and trembling she pulled him upright by his arm.
"Sit down." she gasped, and Ryan did as he was asked. His almost fully erect cock thrust up from between his thighs as Claire stepped over him. She reached down and grabbed his shaft, pulling him to full erection as she guided his fat swollen head to her wet tunnel. Then she sat down on him hard. Impaling herself willingly, almost desperately, on his huge weapon.
"Aaargh." she cried and buried her face in his neck to muffle her passion.
"Uurgh oh fuck," gasped grabbing two big handfuls of her soft ass cheeks and gripping them hard. His fingers sank into the pale flesh as she started to fuck him. She wrapped her arms around him, holding him tight. Pushing her face into his neck to muffle her moans. Her big soft tits pressed his cum into his T-shirt.
Pinning him to the chair, and fucking herself on his big hard cock, Claire began to sob. She was so overcome with passion and desire, that she couldn't cope with it. Crying and whimpering into his neck she wriggled, squirmed, bucked, and fucked for them both. Ryan just held onto her, pushing his hips up and helping hold her down so that their bodies could grind together more.
Suddenly Claire started to convulse. Ryan could feel her throbbing on his cock, gripping him again and again as she shuddered in his arms. Screaming into his neck as she climaxed again. This time her orgasm took all of her, every nerve and fiber of her being was cumming on his cock. Ryan just held onto her, feeling the passion flood through her. It was like nothing he had experienced before. Sobbing and cumming, totally overwhelmed by the moment, she held him tight until her orgasm eased and gave her back control of her body. Then she leaned back, pressing all of her weight onto his still rock-hard cock, and looked him in the eye.
"Do you want to fuck me?" Claire whispered. Ryan nodded, suddenly lost for words.
"How do you want me?" She continued, that naughty grin lifting the ends of her lips again. Ryan's eyes gave him away and he glanced at the table.
"Bent over the table?" Claire confirmed with a soft giggle, and Ryan nodded.
She lifted herself slowly and carefully off his lap. Pausing to enjoy the process with the odd wriggle and squirm. Then she turned to face the small table. Opened her legs, and bent forward. Her hands gripped the edge of the table and she arched her back, thrusting her big soft bottom out at him. Offering herself to him.
Ryan didn't hesitate, he was much taller than her, so had to bend his legs a little. But he was quickly back inside her. His hands gripped her wide hips. His hips pressed hard up against her soft pale ass cheeks as he buried his cock deep inside her. He started to fuck her, taking his time at first, enjoying the view and the sensation. Sliding his shaft almost all the way out of her warm wet cunt before easing it back inside. His thumbs pulled her cheeks apart so he could watch her pussy lips drag along the length of his thick veiny cock.
Claire whimpered softly with every thrust and slowly the tempo increased. Whimpers turned to moans. Hips slapped against cheeks and wet cunts squelched as hard thick cocks ravaged them. Ryan knew they were making too much noise, but he couldn't stop. He just kept on fucking her harder and harder. Claire was whimpering and moaning almost squealing, he had to do something. He panicked, reached out one long arm, clamped his hand over her mouth, and pulled her upright.
"Hmmmff," She squealed into his hand as he fucked her from behind. Her head held tight against his shoulder in one hand. Her waist gripped tight in the other, strong fingers digging into the soft flesh. His arm around her, clamping her firmly to him. He towered over her, lifting her onto her tiptoes with his stiff cock. Gazing down at her big soft tits, watching as they swayed and bounced around.
His hips slapped her ass and he fucked her as hard and fast as he could. Holding her tight, squeezing her, lifting her off the ground. His hand slid up to her breast, gripping it hard as he bounced the little MILF next door on his hips. Dangling her from his rock-hard cock. He didn't even realise he was cumming until after the first huge load had flooded her womb.
"Aaarrghhh fuck." he grunted into her ear. Claire squealed into his hand as he filled her. She gripped his arms tight with both hands, trying to hold herself up. Struggling to get enough air through her nose but feeling so incredibly aroused. The hand over her mouth and rough treatment added a level of excitement she had only fantasized about before. Claire wriggled and whimpered as his cock throbbed and spat his cum into her slutty wet cunt. Washing away all ideas of love and romance. There was just lust, her desire to be used, to be pinned down and taken.
Utterly spent they fell apart. Ryan collapsed, panting onto the small chair. Claire, still with her back to him, steadied herself with both hands on the table. She shook uncontrollably and knew that if she tried to move, she would fall. Gasping for breath and trembling with excitement or exhaustion, the pair remained silent. No words were suitable to explain what had just happened.
The trees whispered shhh, and somewhere off in the distance a bird started to sing. A pale blue light was seeping into the inky night sky. Claire was spent, utterly exhausted, summoning all her energy, she turned and just pointed at her dressing gown. Ryan got to his feet, putting away his now flaccid cock as he did so, and handed Claire her robe. She took it, and after a little fumbling, she found the sleeves and wrapped it tight around herself. They stood for a moment, neither one willing to make eye contact, waiting for someone to decide what would happen next.
"Goodnight," Claire whispered, turned, and walked away, back into the house. She landed face-first on her bed, still in her dressing gown. Wondering what the fuck she had just done? How much trouble she was in? And if he would want to do it again? Sleep quickly overtook her and as her mind tried its best to panic, her tired body took charge.
"Fuck." she whispered to herself and fell into a wonderful, deep sleep.