Student Life -- part 4
How the hell are you supposed to successfully beg to suck someone's cock when you have no idea of the words the person wants to hear, as you hardly know them. And at the same time, you can barely put two thoughts together in a string as you desperately, so desperately, need sexual release yourself? What did get through to me from what he said was that I couldn't cum until he did.
In a way, this was nonsense. In any normal relationship, I'd have told him to go to hell, walked out, and then frigged myself silly back in my room. I didn't need his damn permission to do that. Except this wasn't normal at all. My blackmailer had told me to use whatever methods were necessary for me to get to perform a blowjob on this man, and I couldn't leave until I did.
That put me firmly into his hands, and the power in this relationship (such as it was) was all with him. If he denied me permission to blow him then my life was as good as over. If this was an assignment, then I'd have spent time thinking it through, working out all the permutations. I could barely think of my name now though, let alone the consequences of what I was going to say.
I had no idea how long it had been since I'd entered the room, since he had started touching my body, but it had to be in the region of two hours plus. Didn't it? It was impossible to tell objective rather than subjective time, but for the whole of it he'd kept me on the edge of an orgasm. I hated that I was crying out for it, that my critical thinking had gone to mush.
In all my adventures, I'd never tried this. The point of getting close to an orgasm was to then go on and have one, I'd thought. I'd got myself off as quickly as possible -- often because I couldn't afford to hang around in a risky situation. But even when just in the shower, I wanted to cum, and so I did. This denial thing was absolutely new to me, and it was killing me inside.
He'd, gently enough, put me to my knees in front of him, nicely lined up with the mirror so that he got the side view of me -- all ready for my taking him in my mouth I thought -- as well as the regular top-down one. I could still see the laptop on the desk, so I knew that the computer voiced git on the other end would be able to see everything.
"Please, sir, Connor," and why did I keep calling him sir! "I want your powerful cum inside me. Today I want to taste it, taste you, as you pour yourself into my mouth. Use me, please, use my mouth as a fuck hole for your pleasure. Please, sir, grant me this gift. Cum in my mouth, on my face, my boo... my tits. Defile your flatmate as much as will give you pleasure, so you will always know that you have marked her as your own. Please, please let me do this."
Even knowing that I had to give this man I barely knew a blowjob, assuming he accepted my request, that would still be less demeaning than knowing what I'd just said, and being aware that it would almost certainly come back to haunt me. At least one of the men watching was bound to make maximum use of this.
I'd just asked for my mouth to be a fuck hole, for him to cum over my tits (a word I'd never used before to describe my body parts), and asked him to defile me so that he would mark me as his own. I wasn't even sure what that last bit meant, but it wasn't a good thing! To defile me? Any guy I went with should be treasuring me, not defiling my body!
All in all, it was a horrible thing to know this was now recorded against future needs. I could imagine it being sent out to everyone that I knew. How many would publicly disown me but privately get in touch to ask if I wanted to act the same way with them. How many of my friends, relatives, and miscellaneous others, would want to defile me as I'd just asked this man to do.
Let's face it, I was a good looking blonde with a cracking body, even if a bit skinny for some. I was aware that lots of guys I knew would like to spend time with me, to get physical. That was part of being a woman in the modern world -- being looked at, compared to others, objectified. If these guys saw me acting in this manner, then I'd never have peace again. I'd never have a normal relationship again.
Whatever I did put me more and more into my blackmailer's hands, and I knew that this was a ludicrous situation. I was digging my own hole with no ladder to get me out. I was stuck until he decided to release me, just hoping that he had an endgame that didn't end up with him burning my life as he walked away laughing. I'd do whatever it took to prevent him from sending everything out, but I knew that this might not be enough.
As I finished talking to Connor, finished selling myself out, I couldn't help dropping one of my hands down to my pussy. I was desperate for an orgasm as he had kept me on the edge of one for what had to be quite some time. He'd slowed, then renewed his approach multiple times, and I was desperate. I'd not have said what I did if that was not the case. I looked up at him to find him laughing at me.
"Well, you are quite the slut in heat aren't you. I certainly wouldn't have thought that of you before today. You came across as Miss prim and proper, a good little virgin girl, I thought, but look at your behaviour today. Do you kiss your parents with that disgusting mouth? The mouth that you want me so desperately to fuck and cum in?"
The bastard was toying with me. Wasn't he? He couldn't be about to turn me out of his room when I so desperately needed this. He leaned over and took my arms in his hands, lifting them, and placing them on top of my head so that I couldn't touch my clit any longer. I groaned as he did, a low one of frustration. I had to keep that feeling going. I had to.
"And yet here you are on your knees begging me to defile you, to mark you as my own. Well, you are in luck, my slutty little Amy. I've wanked over the thought of you twice today, so I am going to let you taste my 'powerful cum' as you so colourfully put it. After all, you got me up again, so it does seem fair to let you do what you so desperately need."
I was almost past understanding, past caring. In my brain there was a chemical imbalance being caused by the overload of my system. I simply had to cum to let myself return to normal. I started grinding my thighs together to get some sort of sensation still going in my pussy. It wasn't perfect, but it was helping keep me close to the edge.
My aunt had a dog once that would hump anything. The sofa, the table, guest's legs, nothing was safe from it -- at least until she had it neutered and it lost the urge. I now fully understood its need to get its pleasure where it could. I couldn't use my hands, but I had to do something. I moved forward slightly, until I had a leg on either side of one of Connors, and started rubbing myself up and down on him.
"What the fuck?" He said, looking down at me in amazement. "What the hell are you doing? You're humping my leg? Holy fuck Amy, you really are a nasty little slut! Bloody hell girl, you're leaving your slime on my jeans. You're a fucking snail leaving its trail -- no, a snail has a shell -- you are Amy the slug, leaving your sluggy secretions on my jeans."
He was right, I was some sort of freak slut. This wasn't anything to do with the blackmailer. I was supposed to be doing this to get him off, but here I was with my own needs taking precedence. In my head, that little voice was shrieking its loudest, but my pussy was overruling it. I had to get off, and if being a slug got me to that point, then who the hell cared!
"No more of that girl," he said pushing me off -- the pressure of which felt good to me, "Your job is now to give me the amazing blowjob you've been promising me. Then you can get your reward. I am going to use your mouth. I'm going to cum all over you, and you are then going to eat and swallow the lot. Then you get to cum, slug girl. Only then."
I'd never given a full blowjob, only taking in the very tip of my last boyfriend (a couple of times) to see what it was like, and if I wanted to go further. The answer to which was no, I didn't. There was a slight aroma of pee, it was slimy with unpleasant tasting pre-cum, and the whole thing was just a bit disgusting anyway.
That boy would have been amazed at the way I attacked Connor's cock now as he dropped his jeans and pulled his boxers to his knees. It was only the second one I'd seen in real life, so I didn't have much to compare it to apart from ones seen in porn. Even I knew that while the women in those videos were impossibly attractive, the men were improbably hung.
Not having anything much to measure it against I couldn't give it a size, but it seemed pretty big to me. I tried to take hold of it with one hand, to let me guide it better, but he wouldn't let me do that. That hand joined the other one back on my head.
"This is to be a blowjob, little slug, as that's what you wanted for me. No hands are to be involved here, just your slutty mouth around my cock. Make sure there are no teeth on me either, but I want it nice and deep. Oh yes, I want you to deep-throat me -- can you do that slut? That's what I was thinking about you earlier when I wanked. Your slutty mouth all the way up my cock."
I wasn't totally naïve and innocent, I knew the difference between a simple blowjob and deep-throating someone, but right now, I didn't care if he was upping the stakes. I had it in my mouth, and that was the goal of the last couple of hours. Get his cock into my mouth and blow him. It only counted if he came, right? It was just a cock sucking if he didn't cum?
Clearly, I'd have liked to use my hands for this as I had no experience. How far it was supposed to go in? How tightly were you meant to squeeze your lips around it? Where to position your tongue (and what to do with it) to get the greatest effect? These were all questions I'd have to ask my computer at a later date. For now, I was just riffing, going with the flow.
He was just standing there, so I had to do all the work. My head was bobbing slowly back and forth as I was getting used to the feel of this weird thing in my mouth. I'd sort of done this with a banana, but it was in no way the same. This was warm, and I could feel it growing and moving as I ran my tongue along it. Not the same thing at all!
I was hoping that he'd not notice my rubbing my thighs together, to try and keep my level of stimulation up, what with other things on his mind. He did though, and used one of his feet to kick my legs further apart. For a minute, it looked like I was to concentrate on him and ignore my feelings, but then he used his trainers to press against my pussy and stimulate me anew.
My squealing like a pig as he touched me there would have gone unnoticed by the guys in the rooms on either side, as I had Connor as far into my mouth as he would go as I did so. I knew of the gag reflex but, as I'd not really tested it myself, this was my first time of having to deal with it. Some girls liked this sort of thing? I had no idea why.
As I didn't know the distance from my lips to the dangly bit at the back of the throat that he was banging into with his tip as I went as far as I could, I couldn't tell how much in total I was supposed to take in to deep-throat him as he wanted. Four inches already inside maybe, with another two or three yet to fit in? How the hell did those porn girls do this?
It was pretty awful as, every time he hit the back, I felt like retching. I'd stuck fingers in there to make myself puke years ago -- to fool my mother and get out of going to school -- and this was much the same. Why would a guy want his girl to puke over his cock? If I kept this up I'd be doing it though, as I could already taste the acid of my stomach juices mixing with whatever he was producing.
While still keeping me on edge with his fancy footwork, and oh, that felt so bloody good to me, he clearly decided that I wasn't getting either the pace or the depth (or both), right, and he took over. With a hand on the back of my head, scrunching up my hair to give himself a good grip, he started to increase the pace.
At the same time, he reached down to grab my left boob and, after giving it a couple of good squeezes and pulling at the nipple, the rock-solid nipple, he started giving it some slaps. Again with the slaps. I didn't care anymore though, as that area of my body was way down the list of priorities. The joy in my pussy was being countered by the horror in my mouth.
I'd only been able to take him a certain amount of the way in and had assumed that I'd be able to take more as I got used to it, got better at it. I'd failed on that score. The four inches or so had been the maximum. Once I started to feel the bile rising, I'd backed off each time, and I'd not been able to get myself past that.
He managed though. His technique was pretty simple. Grab my hair tightly, and use the pressure on the back of my head to force my mouth towards him, while simultaneously ramming his cock forward. That he could get himself into a rhythm doing that, at the same time as slapping my boobs (alternately) and continuing to use his trainer to stimulate my pussy, was probably a sign of good overall skill.
I couldn't tell at first if it would have been better if his cock was just left all the way in, as it seemed that every single time that he forced it into the back of my throat, I was gagging. However, when he pushed all the way in and held me so that my nose was pressed up against his skin -- all the way through his pubes (that were tickling their way up my nose, much to my horror) -- then I knew a different sort of trouble.
I couldn't breathe with that, now seeming enormous, thing blocking my throat. I'd hoped that the airways through my nose would have been enough, but they were getting no service from my lungs -- something that should have been obvious to me. I'd held my breath underwater for a couple of minutes at a time, but after only a relatively few seconds of this, it felt like I was going to die.
I tried pushing him away from me, and that succeeded for a second, but I got a telling off from him, and he put my hands back on my head with a warning that if I did that again, he'd put me straight out the door. I'd said he could use me, could use my mouth as a fuck hole (had I really said that!), and this was him making good on my promise.
I couldn't let him stop until he'd cum, and so had to watch as he thrust his way back into my mouth. It seemed like he was deliberately tickling my tonsils this time around, and I did bring up bile into my mouth. This was something I always found disgusting and was one reason that I was cautious with my alcohol intake -- I hated ending up with my head over the toilet bringing it all back up.
With my mouth full, I was just wondering what to do -- swallow or head to the bathroom to get rid of it -- when he started back up with his former rhythm. I couldn't help it. Much of the contents of my mouth was forced out. Some via my nose, which was gross and left me smelling only that for the rest of the evening, and the rest out of my mouth.
There was nowhere for it to go apart from down. Some spattered onto him, but the majority either went down my chin, to drip further down my boobs and belly, or landed straight there and ran down over my pubes, my pussy, and my thighs. This was gross, shameful, and deeply upsetting. My eyes were watering now, and I knew that what little make-up I was wearing must be getting streaky.
This wasn't a one-off though. Now that my body had started, it couldn't seem to stop. Each time he thrust hard there was a similar result. At best, there was a line of slimy drool connecting my mouth, my chin, with his cock as he pulled out. At worst, there was another eruption of my stomach contents.
It was probably a matter of self-defence, some sort of inbuilt mechanism, that came to my assistance. Or was it simple oxygen deprivation? Whatever the reason, my brain, my higher functions started shutting down, and my body was left to get on with it. Left it to try and accommodate itself to the constant invasion, removal, and reinvasion, of my throat.
I went blank, and even the stimulation of my pussy faded into the background. All that was left was the slightly otherworldly feeling of my head being jerked back and forth and the rough passage of his cock over the back of my throat. The slightly burning liquid that mixed with my own drool as it exited my body. My nose kept pressing up against his rough pubes as he went all the way in, but I no longer cared.
When he came, eventually, I was barely aware of it, apart from the sudden ceasing of the motion that I'd become accustomed to. I could hear him making some sort of noise, but he'd been making some kind of mutterings for a while now, and I'd tuned him out, tuned pretty much everything out as this went on.
I think the only reason I noticed at all was that this was a new sensation, something hitting my forehead and landing on my head, somewhere near the crown. The second spurt hit my left eyebrow and the bridge of my nose. The third, the last, he must have deliberately aimed lower. I'd said in my dirty talk earlier that I wanted his cum on my tits -- and that was what I got.
Once the deep-throat work had finished, I started to come alive again and get back to the reality of my situation. Naked, covered in my own drool and puke -- and I do mean covered -- and with a smattering of cum (which was dripping down my face in at least two places). Kneeling at the feet of a man who I knew little about.
I'd asked to be defiled. Somewhere an evil genie must have been listening in to our conversation as that seemed to be exactly my situation as he stuck his shrinking cock back into my mouth and told me to clean it. I'm not sure I could have defined the word accurately before, but now I was a living, breathing, example of it. Take a picture and put it in the dictionary. Defiled = see Amy.
I'd tasted my boyfriend's pre-cum before, but this was the first time I'd had the real stuff to compare it to. I'd also heard that each guy tasted differently -- and that what he'd been eating in the days before could also influence the flavour. None of that came through now though. Even the texture of it was lost in the disgusting mix already in my mouth.
"Well, that was fucking amazing," he said, breathing heavily. "I'm so glad that you came in tonight. So glad that I came in you tonight." He seemed to find this really funny, but I missed the joke. "But now, for the finale, to let you cum as well my dear." And with that, he looked down at his feet. "Once you've licked my trainer clean of your slug juices, you can then finish yourself off for me."
I followed his gaze down to the foot that was continuing to stimulate me and doing a bloody good job of it. My pussy had been producing lubrication for who knew how long, making sure that when, if, I got fucked all would be well. This was all over his trainer and, while this afternoon it would have been a disgusting thought to do anything remotely like this, I wanted to cum myself now.
This price was all wrapped up in whatever part of my brain that was still functioning. Afterwards, I knew I could have just said 'screw you' and got up and left at this point. I'd achieved my mission. I'd succeeded in getting a blowjob out of him, so I had no reason to do anything more. I could have left at any time. I didn't though.
Something had gone wrong inside me, and I'd melded into one of those stupid girls in the porn videos. At least I wasn't screaming out some nonsense about his now owning me -- and that I'd be his sex slave forever -- or some similar shit. What I did need was to cum though, but that was for now, rather than me trying to escape with some dignity to my room (fat chance of that anyway) and doing it there, and so not cleaning his shoe!
He didn't make it easy for me. To get my head low enough to put my mouth, and tongue, onto the trainer, I had to kneel all the way over, and I was made conscious of how high in the air my butt must be by him smacking it. At some point I'd have to ask him about that. Why, when he saw anything at all of my sexy bits, did he want to smack the bloody things!
On another occasion, this would have been a totally humiliating thing to be doing, kneeling naked and licking my cum off a man's footwear while he leant over and played with my arse. Right now though, it was tied up with the rest of the evening and so meant virtually nothing. Even the taste, odd though it was, was better than what was already in my mouth -- and once I realised that, the work went quickly.
He didn't seem to notice, or no longer cared, that one of my hands had gone down to my pussy and was doing good work in that area. I was emulating what he'd been doing to me earlier on. Thumb on the clit, and three or four fingers going inside as I finger fucked myself. I was leaning forward and supporting myself on the other elbow, but that hand could reach my boobs, so I was stimulating myself there as well.
With a heavy shove on my flank he tipped me over, from all fours, to my back. And so, with my full body revealed to him, I lay and gazed up blankly at the ceiling. It was there that I finally, finally, got to cum myself. The noises coming from my pussy as I hammered myself would have embarrassed me mightily on any other occasion, but I could barely hear them over the moans I was making.
To say it was the best, most intense orgasm of my life to date would be like saying chocolate is quite nice to eat, oxygen quite useful in breathing. I'd had this working through my system for most of the time -- hours was it? -- that I'd been in his room, and he'd not allowed it to work all the way to the end. The whole stop-start thing he'd had going on had intensified the experience and, while I hated what he'd been doing on my mouth, I had this to thank him for.
I lay there for a second, breathing heavily, still massively aroused, until my hands went of their own accord back into action. Once wasn't enough. I looked up for a moment to see him standing over me, still fully dressed, watching me masturbate on his bedroom floor. I must look awful, but he seemed happy enough.
"Spread your cum, your slug juices, over your tits and all over your body," he instructed me, he ordered me. And, without even questioning it, I did so. One hand spreading my sticky juices over my already filthy torso, while the other went down to continue frigging myself -- and then swapping over. "And your face as well slut, don't forget your face."
I used both hands to transfer the unclean material from various parts of my body, spreading it -- and I realised his cum as well -- over my usually pretty face. At his command, I did the same with my hair. More from the pussy onto my face, and then I rubbed it up over my forehead to coat my hair. I raised my head from the floor and took the hair from underneath to smear that across my face as well. If he wanted my hair coated, then he would have my hair coated.
He gave me permission to touch myself again, and I leapt into action. 'Normally' when I'd orgasmed I could have a couple of smaller ones straight afterwards -- aftershocks I called them. This time though, the starting one had been so intense that the first of the following ones were at the level of my normal, and the next not that far behind either.
I was reduced to a moaning wreck. If he'd asked me the simplest question I'd not have been able to answer him as I worked my way through multiple aftershocks to finally lie, sated, barely able to move, apart from the odd twitch as my body was still coming down from this immense event. I'd never known that this was possible, but I'd be trying it out myself, in a time and place of my own choosing, in the near future.
"Well slug, I'm glad I asked for the wooden flooring, or whatever they call this laminate stuff, rather than carpet over this half of the room. You've made a right fucking mess over that section, but a quick mop around and all will be well. We'd never get that trail out of a carpet though, and I'd be smelling you for weeks. And now, as there is nothing for me happening here, it is time for you to depart. Head for home slugger!"
I turned over to my front, and from there pushed myself up onto all fours, and then to my feet. My legs were shaky, and I felt absolutely wrecked. Totally used up and knackered. There was still a pleasant buzz going around my system, but both my breathing, and my thinking, were returning to normal levels.
I couldn't fully meet his eyes, but he had a giant grin on his face as he looked me over. He'd requested that I mess myself up, and I'd done so, but I deliberately looked away from the mirror on the wall. I'd take a look when I got back to mine, in my room, but for now, I didn't want to react to whatever the hell my appearance was -- not in front of him.
I staggered over to his desk to collect the laptop, grateful that some of my brain was functioning enough to remember to bring it with me. What the consequence of leaving it for him to look over the last string of messages would have been, it was impossible to say. However, even in my current state, it was obvious that giving him any extra hold over me would be a very, very, bad idea.
That I wasn't yet functioning straight became obvious to me as I was halfway back to my room. I'd left his without even checking that the coast was clear. I'd just needed to get back to my own space and didn't even give a thought to one of the others seeing me coming out of his room in this state -- and drawing the obvious conclusions. The only conceivable conclusions. That Amy was some kind of a pervert, and Connor was involved in her sick games.
That would have been a total disaster! Why the hell hadn't he thought to take a look outside and give me the all-clear? Was he not bothered if one of the others had been having a late-night snack and had caught me -- caught us -- in this way? I suppose it might have enhanced his reputation to have turned me from Miss prim and proper, as he'd called me, into whatever I was now.
It wouldn't have enhanced mine though. Even if I'd not become a nudist today, any girl coming out of a guy's room looking like I must be right now would not get the same respect as he would for having caused it. He'd be a stud. She would be a slut. It was a rather two-faced attitude, and I was aware of that -- while still operating in that way of thinking myself.
As I quietly entered my room, I took a moment to look in the mirror by the door. I was a total mess. Like a total, fucking, mess. Mascara streaks down my face were visible under a weird sheen of whatever the combined bodily fluids had turned into. Bile and cum (mine and his) was spread over what seems like most of the rest of my body, and my hair was in weird clumps where who the hell knows what had gathered in it. I should know as I put it there, but I didn't want to think about that.
Bloody hell, if any of the others had seen me like this then... If anyone ever saw me like this! And the blackmailer had everything caught on my laptop camera -- assuming that it was aimed correctly. Part of me hoped like hell that it hadn't been, but I knew that if that was the case, then I'd be punished for it. And the next punishments would be the ones involving Scott and David. I was doomed either way.
I plugged the laptop back in, which was just as well as the low battery light was flashing, and hoped that he had what he wanted. There wasn't a message from him, so I assumed that was the case -- otherwise, would he have sent me straight to one of the others? Presumably, after first allowing me to clean myself off to make myself attractive to them, rather than the disgusting mess I was currently. Hell, what a horrible thought that was -- to have to go and put on a new act with one of the other guys this evening!
What I needed now was a chance to sit and think. To have a cuppa and try and work through some of the implications of what had happened. I wasn't sitting on my chair, or bed, in this state though. I ended up putting a dirty t-shirt down on the floor and sitting on it while looking into the mirror. I watched the tears rolling down, causing an odd clean streak on either side of my face.
I was a smart, sensible, attractive (probably even very attractive) girl. I'd coped well with school, with home life, with everything that I'd come across before, but I was well and truly stumped now. I'd been forced to do this thing, but I wasn't forced to react like that to what Connor had done to me. Crap. Was I a slut, or was this just a normal reaction to the circumstances?
There was no one that I could ask that sort of question of. I didn't have that level of friendship with anyone to discuss it, and I cannot even Google an answer. The blackmailer has my phone, and he can see what I do on my laptop -- and I'm not putting in that sort of a search request when he would know what I'm looking at. Hell no! The uni library had some computers for general use, so maybe I could try one of them.
Okay then girl. First things first -- so get yourself sorted out. I looked like some sort of extra from a horror movie. One of those end of the world ones, where the weird slime people turn up to attack the survivors. While I didn't really want to look at my reflection, I wanted to make sure that I took in my image fully.
If I didn't want to end up like this again, I needed to learn some lessons. I'd thought that I knew, in theory at least, about much of sexual relations. The realities of deep-throating a guy, and him maybe then face fucking you (which I think was what had just happened), were very different to what I'd thought. Not that I'd thought much, never considering that I'd end up on my knees in that situation.
The truth about not allowing yourself to orgasm, letting it fade, and then bringing it back again on a repeat cycle was something that had sounded silly in the past. After all, an orgasm was just an orgasm. The situation could make a difference -- which is why I took risks in that area at times -- but that was all.
It turned out I'd been very wrong. The result of which was my sitting here like this. Connor had started something that I'd not been in any way prepared for, and so I'd fallen quickly. Fallen hard. He'd thought it immensely funny, but I'd had a burning inside that needed a way out, and that being denied had melted away my self-will.
Forewarned is forearmed as someone once said and, now that I'd experienced the extreme feeling engendered by this phenomenon, it seemed reasonable to me to practise it on my own until I'd come to master the situation. I never again wanted to find myself helplessly letting some guy do whatever he wanted with my body while I was powerless to resist. I never wanted to look like this again.
Connor. I wasn't sure what I thought about Connor now. Going into this situation, I'd thought him arrogant and so suited to his politics course. I still did. However, I couldn't blame him for this evening. It seemed that he'd acted fairly naturally throughout, or at least as I thought most guys would. If a good-looking girl turns up, naked, and is wanting to give you a blowjob, then why say no?
If she then ends up in some sort of orgasm frenzy, is it not reasonable to carry on with her first wish? Okay, he'd maybe moved from getting a blowjob to going for deep-throating, and then face-fucking, but I'd not been doing well at what I supposed to be doing, and he'd taken over. Maybe he'd even asked for permission, and I'd missed it while my brain was otherwise engaged.
At the end of the day, he'd got what I'd promised him, even if he'd been a bit rougher than I'd expected. Alright, a lot rougher. How much of that was down to my inexperience, my getting lost in my own lust, I wasn't sure. Probably never would be sure as I wasn't going to chat with him and break down the evening to see if lessons could be learnt together.
Dumping the t-shirt into the wash, I went into the bathroom. While I was filthy in appearance, my first priority was my mouth. I could taste heaven knows what in there, and I wanted to be rid of it. I gargled mouthwash and then brushed my teeth thoroughly. It still felt like the taste was there, but I then realised that I was smelling, and inhaling, the stench of whatever had gone up my nose from either direction.
My own stomach acids on the way out at times, maybe my cum as I smeared it on my face -- mixed with his as well -- and quite possibly some of his pubic hairs stuck up there from when he mashed my face against his lower stomach. All of which combined to produce a smell that was simply unique.
The inside of a nose is not an easy thing to clean -- who knew! I squirted soap onto my fingers and ran them as far up as I could, and then sniffed it further in. It was pretty gross as it came down to my throat, and I then spat it out, but I'd thought that unless I pulled it all the way through there would be unclean passages -- and so the smell -- left within me. Using tissues, I blew my nose to try and clear the soap out. Not perfect, but at least a bit more so than just leaving it all inside.
I then took a shower. Possibly the longest in my life as I tried to clean every spot of my body of what I'd spread across it. I had a lacy scrubber thing and rubbed myself hard with it to remove all of what was staining me. By the time I finished I'd used so much of the shower gel that I should be smelling of a fresh pine forest, and that was combining with the orange blossom shampoo that I'd also used in large quantities on my hair.
Once out, I nearly draped a towel around myself as I got ready to leave the shower pod. Bloody hell girl -- how stupid can you be! I'd just been punished, brutally punished, for wearing clothes in my room -- in that case my simple pj's -- and I was now almost risking getting something just as bad for wearing a towel. Wake up!
Before doing anything else, I spoke to the laptop about this, but, getting no reply, I then wrote out a message in the chat box on the screen. Querying whether a towel to dry myself after a bath -- if only used as such and for a small period until I was properly dry, would count as clothing in his eyes. I wanted to follow his rules, I said, and would he mind graciously clearing up this grey area for me.
In the room I had a few medicines stored inside a clothing drawer. I took paracetamol for the general bodily pains I was feeling, and then ibuprofen for what felt like swelling in my throat. That was an anti-inflammatory for muscles, and so should help there as well. Right? Those sometimes upset my stomach when taking them, so I preferred to do it with food -- or a glass of milk -- but I wasn't leaving my room again tonight. Cold water from the bathroom tap would suffice.
If I went out there naked, scrubbed raw, and one of them came out for a snack or something, it seemed like there was no way that any of the others could miss something being wrong with me. I also feared what might happen if I met Connor again tonight. He might decide that this had only been round one and want to carry on where he left off. I turned the lock on my door, which I did every night anyway, making doubly sure he wasn't going to be able to come to visit.
As I lay down in my bed, I could feel my body start to relax for the first time in what seemed like days. The tension starting to drain from my muscles. However, this had started just today, late this afternoon, in fact. I had no idea what he was going to want from me next, but, as I started to drift off, I knew that this was only going to be the start.
Student Life Part 4 ends here...
Thanks to those reading this story, and being kind about the previous parts so far! I wanted to put a sort of a disclaimer on this part, that rounded off her evening. This got a bit... icky (in the unpleasant sense of the word). While it may seem strange to say so, as I wrote it, this is not the sort of thing that I enjoy reading myself. When I sit down at the keyboard it sometimes seems to me that I'm typing a story out, rather than creating it. If that was ever the case, then this section is not one of my thinking, but of whatever creative force takes over. Does that make sense?
The story will continue after this, but the next bits are only roughly outlined - so please let me know anything that you think should / should not be included and I'll take that into consideration. I believe they will read more like parts 1-3, and I hope so as they are more the style that I enjoy reading myself! I'm away on some longer stories (check my profile info for other things I've written), but plan to get back to this in the not distant future.
Dianne