The next evening as we were walking to the Club at the arranged time, Jen suddenly stopped and looked into my eyes. "I'm not sure I can go through with this." She said as she started to get cold feet.
"You certainly didn't have any problem managing that big black cock last night!" I reminded her.
"That was different. It was just a cock. I didn't have to face its owner." She somehow reasoned to make it acceptable in her mind.
"I'll be with you the whole time." I reassured her.
"I want you in the room. You can't leave even for one second! Deal?" she demanded.
"Trust me! There is no place I would rather be then right there watching you having a good time!" I assured her.
We walked the remainder of the way in silence. Once we reached the door, Kimbe greeted us. "Welcome back!" he said through that huge smile. "The last show will be ending in 15 minutes. Come with me to the dressing room and we can get you ready for your fantasy!" he proudly proclaimed.
As we entered the dressing room, the "teacher" was already in the room. Kimbe introduced him as Karl. The student from the previous night was also in the dressing room. Her name was Gretchen. They both were very friendly and quickly put us at ease by assuring us that either one of us could stop the fantasy at any time by simply saying the phrase "enough is enough". That would immediately halt the activities.
"I want my husband to be in the room with me." Jen stated.
Kimbe explained that because of past 'issues' from previous patrons, they only allowed the husband in the room if he was bound naked to a chair. He explained this was best for everyone's safety, then looked at me and said there are no exceptions and asked if we still wanted to go through with the fantasy.
I looked at Jen. After a slight hesitation, she said "yes".
The last show had ended and the two 'actors' who had been performing, exited the stage into a second dressing room. Karl then lead me out to the stage. All the blinds were closed on the viewing booths, but I still had a weird feeling about being in the room. He apologized for the rules but asked me to strip and lay my clothes on the bench. After doing so, he motioned for me to sit in a chair that was placed only a foot in front of the teacher's desk. He then took a set of Velcro straps and secured my hands behind my back and another set to secure my ankles to the front legs of the chair.
'Holy shit!' I thought to myself as I noticed my cock was starting to harden. I've got a front row seat to watch my wife get thoroughly fucked and there isn't a damn thing I can do about it. I was not ready for what happened next. Karl stepped behind me and I felt a strap on the back of my neck. As he pulled it over my head, I realized what it was. Before I could object, he placed the ball gag in my mouth and secured the strap. Then he whispered in my ear, "I probably won't be able to hear you say 'enough is enough'" as he smiled and lightly slapped me on the shoulder before walking back into the dressing room.
I struggled at the restraints and the gag, but I was helpless. A couple minutes later, music started playing and Karl reentered the room dressed in his teacher's attire. Acting as if I wasn't there, he sat down at the desk. The door opened again and in walked Jen dressed as the student. She looked at me and her eyes widened. Karl slapped his hand on the desk to get her attention. She then walked over to the student desk and sat down. Just as in the previous night's show, he pointed to the chalk board. Jen slowly shook her head 'no' and he wheeled his chair to the side, motioning for her to come over to him.
He grabbed her by the arm and pulled her across his lap, raising her skirt. Then, the blinds on all the viewing booths began to rise. To my horror, there were people in every one of the booths staring out at us! I struggled in protest but could not make enough sound to overcome the music.
Karl smacked Jen's ass hard and fast "Whack! Whack! Whack!" She wrestled free and he grabbed her wrist and pinned her to the desk with her face looking directly at me. Her eyes were darting around, confused by the open viewing booth blinds. Then she looked at my lap, where my cock was sticking straight out. For some reason, this calmed her down and she allowed Karl to proceed without halting the show with the escape phrase.
He flipped her skirt up, but instead of pulling down her panties, he reached into the desk and pulled out a pair of scissors, which he used to snip both hip strings. The material fell to the floor exposing her pussy. Karl then deviated from the previous night's script again. After binding Jen's hands together and securing them to the far end of the desk. He then stepped in behind her and fell to his knees. Holding her ass cheeks apart, he slowly started licking her pussy.
Jen moaned as he tongued her slit, alternating between entering her hole and tickling her clit. He worked her for several minutes until she was bucking her hips back against his face and screaming "Eat me! Oh fuck! Eat my pussy!!" She started cumming hard on his face as he licked and slurped every drop of her juice. "Yes!! Yessss!" she screamed.
My cock was aching to be touched as my balls hurt from watching my wife cum on another guy's face. As if reading my mind, the door to the dressing room opened and Gretchen walked in. She knelt to the side of me and started sucking my cock as Jen watched from only a foot away. It only took a few seconds for my cum to rise in my balls. Gretchen removed her mouth and started stroking me hard and fast. As my cum started to shoot, she pointed my prick at Jen's face and jacked me off. Jen sensed what was about to happen and opened her mouth wide. Gretchen stroked my meat and directed four solid ropes of goo directly into Jen's face. Some of the cum splattered on her cheeks and chin, but the she caught and swallowed most of it. We were all so caught up in the soaking she was taking from my cock that we hadn't notice that Kimbe had entered the room, replacing Karl between my wife's legs and was working the head of his massive prick into my sweet wife's pussy.
Only after Gretchen had milked the last of my load did I see Kimbe. My eyes got huge as I heard Jen ask, "What is it? What's going on?" Unable to answer, I simply stared as he now had the head of his prick inside her. She must have realized from the size that it was Kimbe because she started struggling, which only intensified his pushing, as he inched further and further into her twat. He was holding her ass cheeks apart so the audience could see his huge black dick entering Jen's tight little white hole.
"Oh fuck!!" she screamed as he wasted no time sinking his meat to the hilt, then slowly extracting himself to the neck of his cock head before easing it back in all the way. He toyed with her for several long, slow strokes, obviously playing to the audience as he took his time fucking my wife. Each time he pulled out you could see her juices coating his dick, making the next thrust easier. Jen was going crazy from the treatment and started begging "Please fuck me! Fuck me hard with that giant cock of yours! Fuck my pussy hard!!".
Kimbe just kept slowly fucking her. Tormenting her with the slow pace. She tried her best to thrust back against his cock, but he held her hips tightly and simply kept easing in and out at a snail's pace, driving her insane. "Oh fuck! Please fuck me harder! I want to cum on your cock! Fuck me harder!" she pleaded.
Instead of granting her wish, he stopped altogether and withdrew his cock from her pussy. "No! No! Please fuck me!" she begged hysterically. He turned Jen over onto her back. Taking the scissors, he then slowly cut off her blouse and the snipped the front of her bra, releasing her gorgeous tits. Gretchen got up on the desk facing Jen's feet, then straddled her face before lowering her pussy to her mouth. She slowly started riding her face as I could see Jen tonguing at her cunt. Gretchen played with Jen's tits and tweaked her nipples as she watched Kimbe step back between Jen's legs and put them over his shoulders. He started rubbing his cock across the opening of her slit. Taking his time and letting the top of his huge mushroom head flick up and over her clit, sending spasms through her body. After doing this several times, his cock head disappeared into her pussy, followed by several inches of meat. He continued pushing until she was completely impaled on his prick.
Jen's body was shaking uncontrollably as Kimbe began his assault on her pussy. There was no teasing now as he quickly picked up his pace with long rocking strokes, making sure the entire length came out before shoving it back in. Each thrust was more violent than the last. Soon he was hammering her pussy. Gretchen was riding her face as her orgasm hit hard and she ground her cunt into Jen's face, no doubt flooding her mouth with her juices. She stroked her pussy across her mouth a few last times, then dismounted her face and got off the desk. Jen began screaming at the top of her lungs "My pussy!! Oh! Oh! Oh! Fuck my pussy! Oh! Oh! Fuck! Ahhhhhh!! I'm cumming!!" as her head thrashed from side to side.
Kimbe absolutely slammed his cock into her pussy as he banged her with all he had. His hips thrusting forward in a blur as his ass cheeks tensed. Just then, he pulled his cock completely out of her cunt and began see-sawing the underside of his prick up and through her pussy lips. Aiming the head of his dick forward he erupted with a giant stream of cum that shot across her tits, hitting her in the chin and throat. Shot after shot of his creamy jiz arched over her body, completely coating her with his spunk. The last several shots landing directly on her tits and nipples.
As he finally stopped cumming, he slowly lowered her legs and stepped around to untie her wrists. The blinds to the viewing booths closed and he whispered something to her as he left us alone on the stage. Jen laid on the desk for a couple of minutes before she slowly got up to untie me. Cum dripped from her tits and face, running down the length of her body.
Once she removed my gag, I asked, "Did you enjoy that?"
"What do you think?!" She smirked. "Oh, and by the way, Kimbe said if we sign a disclaimer waiver allowing them to use the video of our show on their website, there is no charge."
I looked up and realized for the first time there were cameras mounted in several places throughout the room.