Four short incest stories. As usual I leave out the blow by blow descriptions so you can let your brain fill in the blanks.
Cousin Shelly
The time I showed her mine and she showed me hers
When I was just eighteen, I had my very first experience with a member of the opposite sex. I wasn't a complete novice. I had kissed couple of girls and even touched a covered breast one time. But that was a far as I had ever been before.
I knew the difference between the sexes. A friend had snuck his dad's Playboy out and we had marveled at the centerfold for hours. And that led to a few masturbation sessions at night when I was alone.
The family had a tradition of a big event for Thanksgiving each year. My Uncle Jud and Aunt Georgette had a farm about two hours south of us. We would leave home around sunrise and mom would help my aunt, her sister, prepare the meal. Other aunts and uncles and cousins would be arriving all morning. Everyone would be bringing food and drink. I think it was the drink that did it.
I was just eighteen and had never had a beer. So I snuck one and was out behind the barn enjoying my ill-gotten treasure. I was draining the last drops when around the corner came my cousin Sally with two bottles in her hands. She told me she had seen me steal the first one and thought she would bring me another. Her parents were not as strict as mine and her having a beer wasn't a big deal.
Well the second bottle kind of made me a little drunk and it loosened my tongue. We were sitting with our backs to the barn wall and just talking when she asked me if I had been with a girl yet. Being a little slow on the uptake I asked what she meant. So she asked again if I had been with a girl. Still being slow I could only stare at her with what she took to be a question on my face.
Finally she just asked if I had fucked anyone. Finally realizing what she was asking I blurted out I hadn't even seen a breast or the other thing yet. She grinned and asked, "The other thing?"
"Ya, you know the other thing."
"You mean a kitty, is that the other thing?"
Embarrassed I could only nod yes. Wow did I feel stupid. I just told my cousin I had no experience with the fairer sex. To top it off I couldn't even say vagina, even if I had almost seen one in the Playboy.
"Want to?"
"What?"
"See them, my tits and my kitty?"
Oh my. Was she really going to show me her stuff? I may be slow but I'm not stupid. I was quickly nodding yes. She told me we had to get somewhere more private. So we went back to the group in the kitchen and found her mother. She asked how long before we would be eating and we were told maybe an hour yet. After she asked if they needed any help and was told everything was under control, she told her mother that we were going to go for a short walk and would be back in time.
Across a small field was a stand of trees and that's where she led me. As we got part way in the woods she stopped and said that this was a good place. We could see if anyone was coming our way but we were still well hidden.
"Do you want to do this?"
"Oh yes, am I sure do."
"OK, you go first."
"What?"
"Drop your pants and undies."
"But...I thought."
"Ya...But you go first. If I'm goanna show you mine I get to see your pecker to. That's only fair."
This was not at all what I expected. She wanted to see my penis. I didn't think I could do that. What if she laughed at it? I didn't think I was very big and suddenly afraid I could feel it getting smaller.
"Scared? Don't be, I've seen one before. Should I help?"
Before I could say or do anything she was kneeling and working my belt loose. I tried to step back but she put a hand on my butt and worked the button and zipper like this wasn't the first time. As my pants and shorts were pushed down, "Oh my goodness...I love it...So clean and so strong. The other one was covered with skin and didn't look so neat. Ya...You have one good looking pecker, very nice Timmy, you are looking good."
It didn't betray me. I had a stiffy and I guess it was ok. Later I found out I was average in length and girth but that's ok, I think. She asked if it was ok before reaching out and taking a hold of me. "Oh...Timmy...You feel good. So hot and so hard and so smooth, yummy, can I?
And before I knew it she was moving her hand back and forth. I knew what was going to happen, real soon if she kept it up but I was powerless to stop her. I was able to warn her just in time, she moved to the side as I erupted. It had never felt so good before. I just kept shooting, shot after shot, until finally the last little bit just oozed out.
"Wow...Timmy...I am impressed. Is it always like that?"
She lifted her hand and touched her tongue to a wet spot. "Hum...Kind of tasteless."
But I noticed she pulled a hanky out of her pocket to clean her fingers. I finally found my voice and told her that was her turn. She reached back and under her blouse and then pulled it and her bra up for less than a minute and showed me her breasts. Before she dropped her blouse she reached back and redid her bra cutting off the view. What a disappointment.
"We should go back now. They may be wondering where we are."
"You said you would show it to me. You vagina...your kitty...remember?"
"Ya I did but I've changed my mind. Just the boobs are all you get."
That was it. She turned and started back toward the family gathering. I felt the complete fool. She got what she wanted and all I got a quick look at her tits.
Later I spotted her laughing and talking to her older sister, Sherry, as she kind of nodded toward me and her sister laughing real loud as she glanced my way. I just knew I was the subject of their enjoyment and it was confirmed when Sandy slipped up beside me later and whispered, "She can be cruel some times. Maybe if you want we could sneak away later."
It didn't happen. Things were being cleaned up. Both sisters were forced into the kitchen to wash dishes. My parents packed up some leftovers and we left shortly after. That fall I went out west to collage and missed the next four Thanksgivings. My cousin Shelly joined her sister out east at school. Both were married before I saw them again. The next time I saw Shelly she told me how sorry she was for what she had done and asked if I could forgive her. I did. Even if it was embarrassing it was the highlight of my first real experience with a girl.
Aunt Georgette
My favorite aunt and her talented fingers
When I was twenty-three I was working construction and it had been a really look two weeks. When spring finally shows up we work and then work some more. Fourteen straight twelve hour days in a row and the money is great. But there is a limit to how much a guy can take. When the weather turned nasty I was grateful. We couldn't work during the high winds so we had what appeared to be two days off.
I had been so exhausted I hadn't even jerked off for over a week. After a good night's sleep I was ready. Or so I thought. Lying in bed with my cock in my hand and really hard I was just getting into the swing of it when I must have fell back asleep.
I could feel something good. I had an erection and a soft warm hand was ever so slowly working me up and down. I slightly peeked with one eye and there was my Aunt Georgette sitting on the edge of the bed giving me a hand job. I gasped and jumped all at the same time. She just smiled and put a finger to her lips with the hush signal. She put her head down and whispered in my ear to be quiet and just relax.
How do you relax when your favorite aunt is playing with your cock, when you haven't had an orgasm for a week or more? But I did manage to keep my mouth closed. I had no idea where my parents were, maybe in the kitchen or the living room and would they be able to hear me if I cried out?
While one hand was stroking me she stood up and pulled the top of her dress down until it fell to her hips. Her lacey white bra was great and as the dress fell further down I could see the matching panties. For an old woman she was in great shape. A firm flat stomach that showed she exercised regularly. The bra was bulging with what was being held in place. And the tight semi-transparent panties that indicated she was natural, no shaving for her.
When the bra fell away I was amazed at her breasts. No not breasts, tits and I loved them. She leaned over me and told me to give them a kiss and a suck. I loved it and her moan indicated that she might be enjoying to.
After letting me lick and suck both of her nipples, she moved down to lay her head on my chest and keep working my cock, with firmer strokes. I could feel I was getting close but it was so good. I didn't want it to end too quickly.
Then she moved up and got between my legs and started to work me faster there was no stopping the freight train that was coming. My stomach muscles tightened. My legs started to quiver. I felt the blood rushing to my face. I grabbed the bed covers. And just before I exploded Aunty had moved close to my side and I shot all over her bare boobs.
She grinned up at me and asked if I felt a little better now. I hugged her and tried to move her down on her back. She resisted and said it was her treat to her nephew. But if I wanted I could lick her clean as she pointed to my deposits running down toward her nipple.
Having tasted myself many times after cleaning up my girlfriend I was more than willing to clean up my favorite aunt. A few good licks and she was clean, I moved over to the nipple and gave it some love and attention.
When I was done she leaned over and gave my cock a few licks to catch the drips that had run down the shaft. As she sat back up she told me that supper was close to being ready and she had been sent up to wake me so I could shower and get dressed.
Don't go away.
Next up is my sister June
Sister June
She is not the goody two shoes people think she is
When I was thirty years old my wife died of a fast acting cancer. I was devastated. Our little girl was three and couldn't understand where mommy was. Thankfully my sister came to our rescue.
Her worthless husband had just been sentenced to twenty-one years in prison without parole for attempted murder, drug dealing, loan sharking and several other crimes. To top it off he was also being tried in federal court for counterfeiting. That judge gave him an additional ten years to be run after his current sentence was completed. He had the guts to write me and ask if I would be a character witness for his parole hearings. I wrote back and asked him. What part of no parole do you not understand?
Her divorce had given her the house in California. It had been paid for by drug money but they couldn't prove it so she was able to sell it for a good chunk of money and she moved back to the Midwest and into my spare bedroom. She had returned to her maiden name just to wipe the stain of her past away. Thankfully there had been no children from her marriage.
Things were going good several years later. Brandy was in preschool and June to keep busy worked part time as a teacher's assistance at the same school. Time had mostly healed my pain and Brandies new, almost, mommy had helped.
My problem was my sister. After getting comfortable with the new situation she was getting a little careless in her dressing. Before getting dressed in the mornings she would come to breakfast in her sleep shirt and panties. Which might have been ok except the sleep shirt was kind of short and if she moved much the panties would show. And some mornings she wouldn't be wearing the panties.
I would cough real loud and nod my head; June would squeal and run from the kitchen, giving me an even better view of her butt and even more. The fact that it happened every two or three weeks made me wonder about it. But it was a nice butt, I had also noticed she didn't shave down there and I was a man that had been forced into using his hand for relief for a few years now. At night I would beat myself up for thinking about it as I would masturbate.
I was offered a promotion that involved a move to Wisconsin. It was a great opportunity, more money and more authority. I really wanted it but now Brandy was in second grade. But my boss made it easy; I could wait until the school year was over before moving. When I got home that night it was late, a few friends from work and I had stopped for a beer after work and everyone had gone to bed. A note told me to zap the leftovers in the refrigerator. So I couldn't ask Brandy and June what they thought.
The next day was a Friday and it was one of those days June forgot her panties. Brandy was munching her cold cereal and her back to the kitchen cabinets when June bent over to get a pan out of the lower cabinet. It was all there to see. I couldn't stop staring.
By the time June stood up and looked back at me my mouth was still hanging open I could feel my face warm from the blood that rushed up there. Then she turned red and ran from the room. She didn't come down until after I left that morning.
That night I told them the news. June was all for it. Brandy not so much. After I assured her she would finish school here this year and that maybe her best friend could come and visit and she would meet new friends she relaxed a little bit.
We moved just after school was finished. I found a bungalow that would fit our needs near a good grade school. It turned out to be less than three hours from Iowa. I promised Brandy we would drive back one day so she could see her buddy.
When the welcome lady showed up at the door a day after the movers had left she assumed it was Mr. and Mrs. Anderson. When I opened my mouth to correct her June jumped in and said, "Thank you, and please just call us Tim and June." Then she proceeded to get information about local grocery stores.
After our visitor left I asked June why she did what she did. Her short reply was, "Can we talk about it later tonight, when the little ears are asleep?"
That night Brandy wasn't ready for bed until late. We both kept hinting until I finally put my foot down and took her to bed over her protests. Did she sense there was something going to take place? Kids do have a sixth sense about things. We could hear her in her for all of ten minutes before she was out for the night.
"OK...Do you want to share about what happened today?"
"I think we're in a new town. No one knows us. Are last name are the same. What's the harm if they thing we are a couple. I love you and I think you love me. Brandy has called me mommy a couple of times and I liked it. We act like a married couple. We share everything except a bedroom. And if I had my way we would share that also."
"Whoa, wait a minute. Are you saying what I think you're saying?
"I am. If you weren't so dense the first time I showed you my crotch you might have taken the hint. At first I thought you might have missed the show so I did it and did it. I'm at the point that I was going to send you a written invitation. Then I realized you weren't blind when I could hear you jerking off those nights after I was flashing you. Now...Do you understand what I'm trying to say? I love you. I'm horny. I want you in my bed. Or I want you in your bed. I'm ready to get fucked. You know...When a man sticks his cock in a woman's pussy. You do remember that act don't you? Am I being plain enough? Or do I need to explain it differently?"
"No, I understand."
When she flew across the room and jumped up to land on my lap her shirt moved up and her lack of panties was out there for everyone to see. A leg landed on each side of my hips. Her arms were around my neck and her lips squarely on mine. Our tongues dueled for several minutes.
"Are we going to your bedroom or mine?" she asked.
I just picked her up and carried her off to mine. It was further from Brandy's room and I thought that might be a good idea. Even in heat I was thinking ahead, a little.
I'm not sure if having sex with your sister is a good idea in general. But with this sister I'm sure it was a good idea. No...it was a great idea. I'm so glad I thought of it. June had lost none of her flexibilities from when she was a gymnast. The fact that I had used my hand the night before allowed me to last long enough to see her have an orgasm before I finished a minute after her.
As we lay there cooling off I was wondering how we approached this with my daughter. When June suggested that maybe she could handle it I was quick to agree. Color me a coward if you want. Having solved one big problem we moved back together, kind of. I spent enough time with my head between her legs to bring her to two more orgasms that night. To return the favor she used her talented lips and tongue and mouth to give me one tremendous orgasm.
Trying to cool off one more time I told her, "If I had known how good you were I might have taken your hints earlier. That was wonderful. Maybe we can try again tomorrow night?"
"Or maybe in the morning we could set the alarm for a little earlier."
Which we did, set the alarm for an hour earlier. And it was a good thing we did. We had just finished when Brandy came bouncing into my room. I had better learn to lock the door from now on. The fact that June was in my bed never fazed her. She wanted breakfast, pancakes it was Saturday and Saturday was pancakes for breakfast.
It took five minutes to get her out of my room so my naked sister could crawl out my bed. When I was alone I stumbled out and into the shower. When I was finally awake I took a deep breath and headed for the kitchen.
"Daddy, is it ok if I have a new mommy, if I promise to share her with you?"
Cousin Sherry
Blackmailed
When I was forty-one I got a phone call from my cousin Sherry. The older sister of my cousin Shelly, the Shelly that gave me my first hand job back so many years ago. The same cousin Sherry that had enjoyed my embarrassment when her sister told her about what took place in the woods, and promised to be nicer than her sister but never followed through.
It seems she was traveling through my area and was wondering if she might stop and spend one night. She promised she would take us all out for dinner in exchange for a bed that night. I tried to stop her. I only had three bedrooms. My daughter used one and my sister was supposed to be in one and myself of course in the third.
There was no stopping her, the couch was fine. So June moved back into the open bedroom for appearances sake. That day early on a Friday afternoon Sherry showed up. All bubbly and happy, she hugged everyone and kissed cheeks. When June and Brandy stepped into the kitchen Sherry gave me another quick kiss, right on the lips. "Remember way back when I promised to be nicer than my sister?" she whispered.
I assured her that nothing was wanted or needed. I was happy and content. She could just forget about the past. It was the past and it was going to stay the past. I had a girlfriend and I thought she understood, foolish me.
As promised, the four of use enjoyed a great meal at a good restaurant and talking about the past. Sherry was disappointed when I told her my girlfriend wasn't able to join us. Brandy enjoyed her Shirley Temple and the adults a highball. I think that the drink may have been not a good idea.
When we got home we enjoyed another drink or two. More than one drink always tended to make June a little amorous. It was just after midnight everyone agreed it was time to call it a night. Brandy had been asleep for hours all ready. Blankets and a pillow were found for the couch. Sherry asked if it was ok if she showered.
As the noisy shower was running June snuck into my room and my bed. We were just hugging and kissing. Well it was my erection she was kissing when there was a gentle knock on my door and it was opened before I could say anything.
Sherry stood there her eyes big as saucers. "Oh my...And here I thought you had a girlfriend. I would have never guessed it was a live-in girlfriend much less it was your sister."
"I can explain."
"Oh yes...I bet you can. Here I was going to make up for that promise I made all those years ago. Instead I find out your messing around with your sister. Cousins and sister, your quite the lady's man aren't you?"
June was stunned as I was. She still had half my penis in her mouth when the door opened and it was still in there when Sherry pulled her nightgown over her head and naked jumped onto my bed. "I love threesomes."
"No...No...No."
"Yes...Yes...Yes. Or else I spill the beans. What will everyone think when I tell them your fucking your sister."
An argument started. Pleading started. Begging started. Sherry won. "Come on share. Let me have a turn." And she dove right in.
As you can image a lot of sucking and fucking took place. It wasn't until after three in the morning before everyone was satisfied. The ladies were satisfied more than ounce. I think June got satisfied four times and Sherry maybe even more times. As for me being an old man I hit my peak at two times but both were great. June learned that a taste of vagina was a lot better than she expected. Sherry had tried that treat a few times before and proclaimed that June was the best yet.
Thankfully Sherry was back on the couch when morning came and Brandy was demanding her pancakes.
I think this tale has gone on far enough. I would hate to see everyone getting bored. As before your comments are appreciated and I hope the story was enjoyable. I gave it my best shot.
The end