I love all wicked weasel bikinis but most I'm loving what you can wearing on every day beach. Because this bikini it's meant for wearing and enjoying both for my enjoyment and for guys who are looking at me on the beach. First time I was wearing my wicked weasel bikini on the beach it was the summer just after I'm was being 18 years old. We went to the river beach just outside the city to a beach resort for the day together with my friend Dashka. Dashka she was model also together with me. And she's so naughty girl.
For this day i was chose my wicked weasel Tropicana white bikini with Brazilian scrunch bottoms on size xs. We went to our beach loungers together with Dashka wearing my bikini under my shorts and tshirt. This place its like a beach resort where you can pay to go there and there is sun lounger and cafe and very clean beach and nice showers. Many people go there on vacation in the hotel or you can just for 1 day go there.
On this day in June it was very so hot and sunny and many people was on the beach although it was quite early. We walked almost to the end of the sunlounger line and we found two loungers together. On one side of us was an older guy on his own in shorts and beach shirt reading his newspaper under sunshade. Maybe he was 50 years old. On the other side it was two younger guys maybe 25 years old.
These guys saw us straight away and was making so big fuss to help us with our loungers on the right position and set up the sunshade. Dashka was wearing only shorts and not wicked weasel bikini top. Her breasts so big and these nice guys were so happy to look her so close with her breasts almost fall out the top. While they was looking Dashka they hardly noticed me takes off my shorts and tshirt until I'm wearing only my wicked weasel Tropicana white bikini. The day was hot already at around 11am and I'm wanted to go swimming. So when i walked down the beach to the river i could feeling their eyes on me. I'm good swimmer and usually I'm immediately dive in but I wanted them to look my ass as i slow walked into deeper water and they knew with white bikini how transparent it can getting. What they don't was know was how transparent wicked weasel its getting.
I swam sometime in the water alone. Enjoy the feeling cold water on my sweaty skin and getting clean. The two guys were looking me from the beach even as they was chatting Dashka. And the older guy was looking me over the top his newspaper. I wanted to make so nice show for them that tonight they would dream of me. My hair was wet and slow I'm swim to the shallow water. Then as soon as my feet touching the bottom I started walking towards beach.
Slowly coming out of the water, they first looked my wet shoulders then my breasts. I knew it would being little transparent and their eyes were fixed on me and wide open. Rising up they could see my wet belly and then bikini bottoms and I'm walk fully out of the water. They guys had stopped talking now to Dashka and turned both to look me. The older guys newspaper was down and he was really staring me. My heaven was feeling so warm to feel them looking at me. I walked straight up to our loungers and picked up my towel then went to the beach shower just behind us. I put my towel on the hook next to the shower and took a long shower. Standing and know they was look at me.
Dashka was taking a video of me on her phone walking around and shower. Then i finished on the shower and quickly dry my hair and body then go back to the loungers. I said to the guys who were talking to Dashka. "Hi I'm Katie." They were almost could speak. One of them i could see very so big bulge in his speedo and his dick really was get excited. I lay back on the lounger and chatted both of them and the whole time the older guy was looking at me too. When you wear this bikini especially when it's wet you just don't looking your own body or how it looks, especially not on bright sunshine. Later Dashka was show me this video and you won't believe how transparent it really was my bikini. Like being naked on the beach. So good feeling.