Oh my god. The neighbour's daughter is sunbathing on their back deck again.
I've seen her sunbathing before, but today she is wearing such a tiny bikini. I wonder how old she is. Let me see. Our child is seven years old, and I am sure the neighbour's daughter was at least twelve years old when our son was born. That would make her at least nineteen, maybe even twenty years old.
I haven't seen her around the house for quite a few months. I remember she went off to university. This must be the summer break. And here she is, sunbathing in a skimpy white bikini making the most of the summer sun.
I can't keep my eyes off her. Fortunately, she can't see me. I am in our small upstairs office. If my wife and I hadn't had that row earlier in the day, I would probably be out mowing the lawns. And if I were mowing the lawns, then the neighbour's daughter would probably not be lying on her deck wearing such a small bikini.
My god, she has a gorgeous figure. I can feel my cock getting hard as I stare at this beautiful young woman. I can feel my hardening cock through my trousers. It certainly takes my mind off my angry wife and sorting out last year's tax return.
The neighbour's daughter has such clear, white skin. I hope she doesn't get burnt in the afternoon sun. I decide to unzip my trousers. God, my cock feels rigid. I hope my wife doesn't catch me playing with myself while I'm lusting after the neighbour's daughter.
I look out as she stretches her long legs out on the beach towel. The bikini doesn't hide much. She must shave from the size of the small triangle of fabric that covers her. I grip hold of my cock and start to stroke myself.
I take a look at her large firm tits. I can just make out her hard nipples under the thin fabric. I reach up and graze my other hand over my nipples. God, they are sensitive today. I am wearing a lightweight polo shirt, and I have always loved my nipples being played with.
I wonder what my wife is up to. Fortunately, she stomps around quite loudly, and I would be able to hear her if she were to start climbing the stairs to this level of our house.
The neighbour's daughter rolls over onto her front. My god, the bikini is a thong! From this angle, all I can see covering her are the thin strings holding her bikini together. I watch mesmerised as she spreads her legs slightly. I can see the small triangle of fabric stretched over her pussy with a thin string disappearing between her lovely tight arse. I love the way the material helps define where the bikini covers her pussy. I have always loved looking at young women in this pose when I search for the skimpiest bikini images on the internet.
The neighbour's daughter has such a tiny waist. She has really grown up into a gorgeous young woman. She looks so graceful with her long legs and delicate feet spread apart, and her arms stretched out to the side.
Oh my god. She has reached back and untied the thin string of her bikini top. She slides her bikini top from under her. I can just make out the side of one of her lovely, milky-white boobs as it is squashed from under her.
I am leisurely stroking my cock as I sense my breathing slow down. I hope my wife does not disturb me. I haven't felt this horny for such a long time. I actually can't remember the last time we had sex; It's been that long.
I glance at the clock. It's been about twenty minutes since the neighbour's daughter rolled over onto her front, and, as if on cue, she rolls onto her back. Fuck! She just lies there with her fabulous, firm tits on full display. Her pink areola and hard nipples look so enticing against the fairness of the rest of her flawless skin.
I can feel my cock twitching, and I know that, if I am not careful, I will cum soon. I have to work hard at holding off my orgasm as I want to saviour this sight before me.
After about ten minutes, I watch as the neighbour's daughter sits up as she reaches for a small bottle that I hadn't noticed before. She squeezes sunscreen, I presume, onto her hand and starts rubbing it onto her legs. The product makes her skin glow in the sunlight. She rubs the sunscreen all over her thighs and spends some time rubbing right next to her crotch. I wonder if she is feeling horny as well.
I have sometimes sunbathed nude when my wife has been out. My wife has caught me doing this on a couple of occasions and has always chastised me. I don't know what her big deal is. It's not as if anyone could see me when I am lying on our lower lawn.
I love sunbathing nude. I like the way that the warm sun on my bare skin always makes me horny and hard. I can't resist playing with myself when sunbathing in this way, and I usually have massive orgasms cumming all over my chest as I lie back. Sometimes I cum so hard that it lands on my neck and chin.
I watch as the neighbour's daughter applies sunscreen to her arms, one at a time. I watch as she twists her body around, and I am amazed at how beautiful her tits look as they are sometimes squeezed between her arms.
The neighbour's daughter lays back on her towel, and my breathing stops. Her tiny bikini bottom is only just covering her pussy. From this angle, I am sure I can see her mons Venus mound. I can see gaps under the strings of her bikini bottom as the fabric is stretched tightly over her pussy.
My cock feels harder than it has been for a long time as I watch her pour the sunscreen on her belly. The pace of my stroking increases as I watch, mesmerised, as she rubs the sunscreen into her abdomen.
She pours more sunscreen across her tits and then massages her beautiful boobs. I watch as she teases both her nipples simultaneously. I am sure I can see her areola get all puffy from the attention they are getting. Her nipples have developed into two erect, hard nubs.
The neighbour's daughter pulls at the strings of her bikini thong. I can see her bikini get embedded in her puffy labia. She licks her fingers and pulls the bikini aside. Yes, I was right. She is completely hairless down there. She dips the fingers of one hand in her pussy while the other hand continues to tease her nipples.
The stroking of my cock synchronises with her plunging her fingers in her pussy. She has spread her legs wide apart and draws her feet together as she lies flat on her back. She tilts her head back, and I watch as she uses her hand to stroke her thin neck and chin.
She looks as if she is lost in her own pleasure as the pace of her fingers quickens to a frenzy. I hasten my stroking to match her tempo. She lowers her other hand down to her pussy, and she pulls at the skin above her clit. She has two, maybe three fingers plunging into her pussy and I am sure the glistening on her fingers is not from the sunscreen.
Her legs stretch out as she elevates them slightly off the deck. I watch as she arches her back and then begins to pinch each nipple in turn. Fuck her firm tits look gorgeous, and I love watching her tug at her hard nipples.
I could hear my wife's footsteps on the stairs. Oh god, this will be close as I fell my orgasm approaching.
I watch through heavy-lidded eyes as the neighbour's daughter opened her mouth. I could just perceive the slightest of moans as she tensed up. Is she squirting? Oh god, she is squirting on her towel. I cum as soon as I see her cum splatter on her fingers, legs, and the towel.
I roll my chair forward, so my legs and exposed cock are hidden under the desk. I twist the louvre blinds so that the slats are angled the other way. My cum erupts all over the leg of my trousers as I keep pumping my cock through these orgasmic spams.
I heard the floorboards creak as my wife reached the top of the stairs. 'What are you doing?' my wife demands as she opens the door to our office.
I turn around and say laconically, 'Just last year's tax return' as I struggle to control my breathing after such an intense orgasm. I can feel my cock continue to twitch under the desk. My cum has stained the trouser fabric, and I can feel the wetness on my leg.
'Well we still need to talk!' she says in her angry voice.
After my wife storms off, I reach over and adjust the louvres back to their normal position. The neighbour's daughter was lying back on her towel with her legs still spread wide open as she breathed heavily. She was using the tips of her fingers to gently graze her sensitive nipples, and I could see that she had a content smile on her pretty, young face.
---------------
Pleased rate this story with five stars if you enjoyed it. Be kind and leave feedback comments. I read all comments. Thanks!