The final chapter in this series. The last chapter ended with Wanda's boyfriend Julie entering and her ex-friend ominously questioning his state of mind as though she knew something Wanda Didn't.
***
Wanda didn't know what meant. She didn't like Julie's expression as he walked to his seat. She also didn't like Britney's comment about Julie or like the way she said it. Trying to get a better read on Julie she waved at him. His eyes snapped over in her direction and he saw her. His eyes were blank as he took his seat. Wanda could get no read on Julie's state of mind. After the break up he had relocated his desk to the other side of the room as though distance could ease the pain he felt from the breakup. Wanda cursed herself for that stupid break up. She couldn't read Julie at all he had a look she had never seen before.
"I wonder what's wrong with him," Britney said "he doesn't seem happy to see you"
Wanda wanted to go over to him but the bell rang. Still no Mr. Holms. She still had time. Wanda got up to go over to him wondering what that look he gave her meant. Just then Mr. Holms walked in looking quite flustered he had been sweating hard his shirt had huge wet marks.
"Time for class Wanda, please take a seat," he said to Wanda looking her up and down
Mr. Holms was another person who had given Wanda a look she couldn't read. She decided not to push Mr. Holms because he did look very out of sorts. She wondered why he kept looking at her like that. It was very unlike Mr. Holms. Wanda gave Julie one last worried look and returned to her seat. Very aware Mr. Holms was watching her every step.
"Poor Julie" Britney said "he looks like he caught someone playing with his toys"
Wanda knew what Britney meant. She must be involved with the photos left around the school. Of course, it had to be a girl no boy would have been suicidal enough to chance angering Julie. Wanda wondered what Julie had seen to make him look the way he did now. Even during the breakup, he didn't look like that. Wanda was again sorry for the hurt she had put Julie through. She remembered the pain in his eyes when she bragged about flirting with college boys come spring break. "Wow! was that a stupid plan," she thought almost amused
Mr. Holms dimmed the lights and put on a slide show. He read from note cards and Wanda tuned him out she had a lot on her mind and had no chance retaining any new information. She couldn't see Julie in the darkened classroom and wondered what he had seen and what he was thinking.
The classroom door opened with a flood of light. Wanda saw Ashley enter with a note. Mr. Holms read it excitedly and announced Mr. Lolis needed him in his office. He needed someone to continue the slide show. Britney eagerly volunteered before he even finished the question. Mr. Holms was in no mood to argue he left the clicker and note cards on the podium and shot out the door passed Ashley. Ashley noticed a very prominent erection in Mr. Holms' pants. Ashley locked the door after Mr. Holms and waited for the show to begin.
Britney took the clicker for the slide carousel. She read the first two note cards in a normal fashion then sped through the next two. Mr. Holms had returned angry after finding Mr. Lolis, not in his office. Instead, he had gone home early for the day. His secretary saying something about needing to fix a map of some sort. Mr. Holms was angry and his balls ached in disappointment. He was in no mood when he found the door locked. He pounded angrily. Britney started flipping quickly through the slides. No longer reading any notes.
Wanda knew what was coming. Once again her bare breasts were flashed in front of everyone. This time on the front projector screen. She froze when she thought of Julie seeing this. A hush fell over the stunned classroom. This time Wanda's left breast is gripped firmly in Dillon's hand. His fingers a pressed deeply into the soft flesh on the bottom of her large tit. The white hand contrasting with Wanda's light coffee skin. Wanda's dark nipples are hard and prominent despite the look of revolted surprise on her face as Dillon touched her with his clammy hands. Dillon, in contrast, has a look of confused pleasure. His mouth hangs open dumbly as he takes in the sensation of Wanda's silky skin lighting up the touch sensors in his fingers and hands. His eyes are glazed as the pleasure centers of his brain momentarily overload.
Wanda looks back to try and see Julie again. It's still too dark. She sees his form sitting completely still. Behind him in the window she sees Mr. Holms angry face appear. Having given up the door. He angrily shouts for someone to open the door. He doesn't finish his sentence when he sees Wanda's naked breast being fondled roughly by a big white hand on the front screen. Mr. Holms imagines the white hand is his own, getting a squeeze off on Wanda's full round titty.
Wanda was stunned when the slide clicked again she thought the worst was over. The new slide was the worst yet. Dillon's thumb and forefinger were clamped to the tip of her nipple. The slide had been reversed in the tray so it appeared he had switched to Wanda's right tit even though in reality it was still her left breast. The fingers mashed Wanda's nipple flat enough she had a look that could be mistaken for pleasure instead of the pain she was in. Her eyes were wide with shock.
Wanda preyed Julie didn't think she enjoyed Dillon's rough touch. It really did look from the picture that she was enjoying having her nipple mauled and her facial reaction was surprise at how good it felt to have her breasts roughly tugged out of shape. Dillon was clearly enjoying it. In fact, enjoying it too much. Wanda realized this photo actually caught Dillon blowing a load from the feel of her vulnerable nipples. Wanda was sick in her stomach when she realized that's what he meant when he looked her in the eye through bloodied teeth and said "worth it"
Again the slide clicked forward. Wanda was to her feet before the slide fully advanced. She charged to the podium where Britney stood.
"Give me that clicker!" Wanda yelled
Britney laughed and tossed the remote to Ashley who dropped it in the dark of the room. If Wanda had gone straight for Ashley, she might have retrieved the remote. Instead, she took a second to glance at the new slide. She gagged with revulsion at the memory. In giant detail was a close up of her right breast with Dillon's tongue sliding over it. Her chocolate tip pressed against Dillon's filthy tongue. Drool flowed from his tongue. Her large areolas were puffy and puckered. Her light brown tit flesh covered in goosebumps. She futilely looked back at Julie one last time he hadn't moved an inch from the last time. Mr. Holms was still transfixed at the window. Probably more so now that the slide had changed.
Wanda rushed Ashley who tossed the remote back to Britney. Ashley looked pleased with herself as Wanda arrived a second too late. She misjudged Wanda's anger level though. Ashley wasn't expecting the blow and her tongue rested on her front teeth in some forgotten taunt when Wanda connected. Ashley felt a piece of her tongue separate against her upper teeth. Ashley tumbled back in surprise and fell ungracefully to the floor. Wanda flipped on the lights. She turned to Britney who had lost her confidence and sense of mirth at seeing her friend Ashley take a rough fall. Britney's eyes filled with terror as she saw the blood running down Ashley's face from her partially severed tongue.
Mr. Holms decided now would be a good time to flag down a custodian to open the door. Apparently, this was where things had gone over the line. One of the custodians from earlier saw Mr. Holms wave him down. He met Mr. Holms at the window. Mr. Holms tried to explain the situation to the custodian. Unfortunately, for Mr. Holms, the custodian had noticed the giant pair of chocolate titties that were still visible on screen even though the lights were no longer off. The custodian noted it had been a banner day for chocolate titties, first the map, and now a slide show. In fact, these new titties looked awfully familiar. The custodian, being the thoughtful coworker that he was, took the time to call the other custodians on his radio to see the knockers on the screen.
Britney was terrified as Wanda advanced on her. To her relief, her brother's friends blocked her path.
"Give me the remote," Wanda said firmly
Britney nervously glanced over to where Julie was sitting. He still hadn't moved. In the light, his face was still unreadable his cold eyes were still dead like a shark.
Wanda noticed too she wondered if Julie hated her. She wondered if he would ever look at her the same after he had witnessed her bared to the world.
The three bully boys confidence grew when they realized Julie wasn't moving to step in. They were suddenly like a pack of wolves operating as one mind. The tallest one who had always been the beta to Dillon's alpha took the remote from Britney's hands. He dangled it high above Wanda's head.
"You want this remote?" he taunted
When Wanda didn't take the bait, beta just smiled and lowered the remote so he could read it.
"Well, let's see what else is on here" beta mocked, threatening to advance the slide.
Wanda lunged at him making a grab for the remote. Beta lifted the remote at the last second and Wanda jumped up to grab it. The plastic brushed her fingers but she just couldn't reach. Beta lowered it again to where she could reach it. she jumped up for it again. This time her outstretched hands wrapped around it. She expected to see some level of defeat in beta's eyes instead found the opposite look.
"Gotcha bitch," beta said as cappa and delta grabbed her outstretched arms.
In a flood of terror, Wanda remembered being in this exact position. She knew what was about to happen. This time her boyfriend was just sitting there watching.
Ashley had recovered and got to her feet.
"Ith diddy dime" Ashley tried to say. Cappa and Delta looked at each other confused.
"I think she means, it's titty time," Britney said. Cappa and Delta nodded in approval
"Shit yea! Whip those puppies out!" the custodian yelled. He recognized Wanda from the map photo and was very excited to see more of her.
"Move, you're obstructing the view," Britney told Beta who eyed Wanda's body lustily as he stepped aside.
Britney took her place behind Wanda.
Whispering in her ear so only Wanda could hear. "This time, we're going to show them your pussy,"
Britney slowly pulled Wanda's shirt loose from her pants.
"Bet you're glad no one has a camera this time" Britney whispered her hot breath in Wanda's ear.
"Ashley your purse" Britney said expectantly.
"Oh da I almoth fordot" Ashley said reaching into her bag with a smile.
"I'm not sure what she said, but that looks like a camera in her hand," Britney whispered again
Ashley had a disposable camera in her hand. She reminded Wanda of a vampire with her evil bloody grin.
Britney reached behind Wanda's back to unhook Wanda's bra. She found no hooks on the large strap.
"Oh my god! Did you wear a bra that unhooks in the front, you naughty girl?" Britney teased loud enough for the class to hear.
Britney's hands snaked around Wanda's body. Cappa was pressing his pelvis into Wanda's hip hard enough that Wanda felt his limp penis rub against her and start to harden. Britney fumbled about in Wanda's massive cleavage searching out the elusive clasp of her bra through her shirt. Wanda realized in horror that her body was betraying her as much as her ex-friend and suddenly passive boyfriend, she felt her nipples firm and harden from all the breast contact. There was an almost audible snap as Wanda's boobs burst from her bra under her thin t-shirt.
Wanda felt Britney's chin press into her shoulder as she strained to see over Wanda's huge now unrestrained rack. Britney's hands looked tiny as they each cupped a massive tit. Wanda's boobs bounced up and down as Britney juggled the hanging orbs around for the audience.
"Dat must be jelly cause jam don't shake like that," Beta said his racist affect really stinging Wanda as Ashley laughed loudly through bloodied teeth. A camera flash went off and captured Wanda's bouncing breast in mid-air.
Britney giggled at that and tweaked Wanda's hard nipples through the fabric of her shirt. The sight of Wanda's headlights poking prominently through the thin material of her shirt was too much for cappa as he grunted in orgasm in front of the whole class.
It was his turn to be embarrassed.
"Control yourself fool," Beta yelled as giggles spread around the room. Beta had to admit to himself those nips looked pretty good. He found himslf giving into the temptation and reached for Wanda's huge left tit. He too could feel an eruption building in his pants from the anticipation of having one of those giant nipples at his fingertips. As Wanda tensed in horror her eyes grew wide.
"No no no," Britney said slapping his hands away at the last instant, his fingers so close to Wanda's tips she felt the air from the slap go through the shirt.
"Good manners are to share with the rest of the class first. You'll get your turn in a minute. First, everyone should see what's on the menu." Britney said
"Chocolate muffins," delta quipped
"Double Stuffed," cappa said recovering from his orgasm
"Besides" Britney said to the annoyed Beta still recovering from getting so close to Wanda's nips he could feel her body heat in the pads of his fingers.
"Chocolate melts in your mouth not in your hands" Britney said. Wanda watched as the meaning washed over Beta and a stain appeared in his pants from the thought of sucking Wanda's boobs.
"Quit fucking around and get dem titties out!" the custodian yelled
Britney quickly whipped Wanda's shirt up to her stomach and pulled it back down flashing most of Wanda's smooth brown belly to the class. The surprised gasp from that escaped Wanda lips as she thought her breasts coming out again excited Britney so much her knees almost buckled. Her pussy was burning with excitement. The lust in the faces of the boys watching was filling her swollen labia with blood. Her clit was so sensitive she could feel the individual laces of her panties stretched tightly across her pubic mound.
When we're done we can send the ass pics to Rap Whore Magazine and you can show off professionally" Britney whispered and flipped her shirt up again this time high enough that the bottom of Wanda's now hanging open bra was visible under the hem of her shirt. Wanda could feel the wet heat coming Britney's womanhood as the eyes of the class widened in gleeful anticipation.
"Oh that's the girl," a new custodian said excitedly as he joined his coworker and Mr. Holms at the window. Wondering why they were gathered at the window. Just in the nick of time.
"Yea them titties is coming out again too," the first custodian said
"Even if I gotta come in there and get em out myself," he said starting to really sound frustrated.
"You heard him," Britney said as Ashley readied the camera.
Wanda felt the grip Britney had on her shirt tighten and knew this was it. She could almost read Britney's mind. "Show Time"
Wanda closed her eyes this time. Seeing everyone while they see her, was too much. She felt the cool air of the classroom hit the bare skin of her stomach. The sensation creeping to the bottoms of her massive orbs the right to her nipples that hardened to almost diamond-like stiffness. The hem of her shirt approached her free swaying breasts. Her tips were so sensitive she shuddered as her rising shirt slid over her nips. You could feel the air go out of the room as everyone took a deep breath at the same time. The hem of Wanda's shirt cleared the bottoms of her giant coffee breasts and froze in place. Wanda hated Britney for dragging this out. She hated the torture of anticipation. The cold air on her exposed lower breast spreading under the loose material. She heard a strange noise come from Britney. She opened her eyes in surprise.
Wanda was looking into the eyes of her boyfriend, Julie. His big right hand encircled Britney's which was still clenched tightly around the bottom of Wanda's shirt. In her ear, Wanda heard a squeak of pain from Britney. She first hoped was from Julie crushing her tiny hand. She realized it was the pain of orgasm interrupted as she was denied the power of revealing Wanda's mythical tits to the world. Britney had teetered at the brink of the cliff about to reach a nirvana-like implosion only to have it cruelly snatched away at the finish. Her body was like an electrical fire her nerves crackling with anticipation. Julie had stopped her at the height of sensitivity and she felt the full ache of denial in all her nerves.
Wanda would have found some comfort in the painful whimper escaping from Britney's lips as the ache flows through her hypersensitive clit. Except for the look in Julie's eyes as he stands there. The hem of her shirt still gripped in his and Britney's hands. He focuses his eyes on Britney who's too terrified to move her hand either way, not knowing which direction to move. It is clear that if she moves to pull Wanda's shirt down and that's not what Julie wants he will crush every bone in her hand. The same if she pulls up her hand breaks if that's not Julie's desire. Britney is unwilling to chance the pain.
Julie returns his gaze to Wanda. His dead shark's eyes look her body up and down. He pauses on the still exposed curves of her soft under boobs and pauses. He releases Britney's hand which she quickly retrieves from danger. As Julie takes in Wanda's bare skin a flash of emotion lights his eye. His eyes return to her pleading eyes and she knows what's about to happen. Julie steps to the side so the class and staff gathered at the window have a clear view. Wand's massive chest heaves as she takes a deep breath in anticipation. Again all eyes are on her.
Wanda focuses her attention on Mr. Holms and the two custodians at the window. Somehow it was even more of a violation to be seen by these creepy adults.
In the days before school shootings were constantly in the news the idea of gunfire was in a school was kind of crazy. But it literally sounded like a shotgun blast when Julie's fist connected with cappa's face. That was the thought on everyones minds as he slumped over Mr. Holms' desk. He clearly had an ER visit in his future. Delta was next. It didn't occur to him to release Wanda's arm to guard his face. He took a jab-hook to the face. The jab split his lips against his teeth like a chain saw and the hook slung a stunning amount of blood. Most of it got on Britney but some of it splattered across Wanda's shirt that was still lifted high enough to show the underside of Wanda's huge left boob. Wanda felt the warm blood on her still exposed skin. Julie paused to appreciate Wanda's exposed coffee underboob. Wanda looked down and realized what he was looking at.
"Really?" she asked looking at him annoyed as she pulled her shirt back down.
Julie shrugged with a sheepish grin. Beta used Julie's distraction to launch a desperate defense. And while he caught Julie with one solid shot under the ear it wasn't near enough to stop Julie or even slow him down. He blocked the next shot and buried a short right hook to beta's left side. There was an audible crack as beta crumpled to his knees. Beta didn't move he really thought he was going to die. It hurt to breathe and he felt like he was drowning on dry land.
Britney stood in stunned silence at the carnage around her, aware the blood drying in her hair was still warm. Wanda punched her in her still open mouth. She stumbled back and touched her fingers to her front teeth, horrified to find one wiggling loosely.
Julie stood above Wanda. He wrapped his arm around her and kissed her hard. She kissed right back as though they were having a reverse tug of war with there lips. She felt his manhood pressing hard against her stomach. She was shocked at how hard he was. She heard the slide carousel click again. She thought Ashley. She forgot about Ashley. Then realized it had been Julie.
Upon the screen, was the last slide. Wanda's breast her nipple stretched to her cheek. Julie looked at the screen then back at Wanda she wanted to be angry. But Julie cut her off.
"I didn't know you could get your nipples to do that. He grinned at her as swept her off her feet.
He carried her to the door. Wanda unlocked it then wrapped her arms around his neck. They stepped past a silent Mr. Holms who was left wondering how he was going to explain this.
Mr. Holms surveyed the scene of his classroom. The bloodied and beaten all around him. He realized he was going to need an ambulance, in fact, he would need several. He started for the door and paused. Remembering to pack the slide carousel in his briefcase before he went.
Mr. Lolis heard the sirens go by from his house. It sounded like a lot. Must be a major fire or something he wondered. Probably read about it tomorrow in the paper. He made a mental note to check the news before bed. Then he returned his attention back to whacking off to the large hanging picture of Wanda's tits he had just finished hanging in his garage. Mrs. Lolis opened the garage door with the phone in hand to her husband furiously beating off to a giant poster of a topless black teenager.
"Its the school. And I want a divorce." She said before slapping the phone in his lotion covered hand.
"This better be good," he said into the receiver as the first sting of a massive case of blue balls set in.
Julie was driving as fast as he could to get Wanda to a place they could lie down. He had wanted to take her right in the backseat, school parking lot be damned. Honestly, as she smelled the metallic odor of the blood drying on her shirt she almost let him. She was so turned on from the beating he had laid down she was literally quivering with desire.
"You really waited to the last minute to play hero there," She said to him
"I kinda wanted to see your tits," he said with a playful grin.
Wanda wanted to be mad at him for putting her through that again. Instead, she pulled her shirt to her nose and took a deep breath. She melted into the seat having a mini vaginal tremor from the smell.
"You are going to settle up with Dillon? aren't you?" she asked her voice cracking with excitement.
"I'm gonna fuck his shit up," he said he said so seriously Wanda had a full-blown orgasm right in the car.
As Julie looked at her in amazement, she thought "This is kind of fucked up."