ALL CHARACTERS ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER.
-------------------------------------------------------
I awoke to an empty bed and the urge to pee.
I could hear the water running in the bathroom, so I knocked. "Come on in," Jenna's voice echoed from the shower.
Her head poked out from behind the shower curtain as I entered. "Hey, good morning. Hope you don't mind; figured I'd freshen up while you slept."
"No problem," I yawned, "but do you mind if I take a piss?"
"Knock yourself out," she shrugged.
I lifted the seat and was about to pull out my dick when I noticed Jenna still looking at me openly from behind the curtain.
"You gonna watch?"
"Maybe," she smirked.
I studied her for a moment, trying to figure out if she was serious or not, then decided I didn't care. Or at least my bladder didn't. It just wanted relief.
Still, it took me a good twenty seconds after I'd pulled out my slightly swollen penis before I could let go, but finally it started to flow.
I felt Jenna's eyes on me and again I looked in her direction. She was just standing there, wet hair dripping down her adorable face, watching me piss with a big goofy grin.
"You seem to be enjoying yourself," I said wryly. "Didn't realize you were so kinky."
"Oh there's plenty you don't know about me yet," she winked, then ducked back behind the curtain and continued her shower as my last few drops of urine dripped into the bowl.
"Do me a favor," I called out as I washed my hands, "flush the toilet when you're done. I don't wanna screw up the water temperature for you."
"Thanks, will do. I'm almost done," she called back.
I was incredibly tempted to take a peek at her behind the curtain; I mean, she'd gotten fully naked for me for the first time last night, so she was obviously feeling very comfortable now. Still, I thought she might still see it as an invasion of privacy, so instead I simply left and headed to the kitchen.
I put a pot of coffee on, then rooted around my fridge to see what supplies I had for breakfast. I decided I should probably ask Jenna what she'd like.
I noticed the water had stopped running as I rapped on the door.
I was about to just speak through the door when it opened and Jenna stood there facing me. "What's up?" She was completely naked except for the towel wrapped around her head.
My jaw dropped and my voice stuck in my throat. She seemed utterly unfazed by my reaction. "Did you need something?"
"Yeah, um, breakfast. Wanted to know if you wanted French toast or just eggs and bacon?"
"French toast, please." As the door started to close, she called out, "and bacon?"
"Sure," I replied to the already closed door.
Dazed, I made my way back to the kitchen, and had just started preparing the ingredients when Jenna came into the living room, still naked except for the towel on her head.
"Left my brush and makeup in my purse," she explained as she retrieved it. She started to turn back towards the hall, but paused. "Do you have a hair dryer?"
"Um, bathroom cabinet under the sink."
"Thanks," she smiled, then went back down the hall, her bare round bottom swaying as she sauntered away.
I didn't realize I'd been holding my breath until I exhaled. She had to know what she was doing to me, right? Sure, she'd teased me many times over the past several weeks, but nothing like this.
Or maybe she wasn't teasing. Maybe she was simply comfortable enough around me now to be open and free with her nudity. She hadn't dropped any hints or said anything provocative in an attempt to work me up. She'd simply taken a shower, and was now drying her hair. No big deal, right?
I went back to preparing breakfast, and was about to start up the burner when I realized I was still wearing only my sweat shorts. Not wanting to cook bare chested, I went back to my bedroom to get a shirt.
Jenna was in my room, standing in front of my dresser mirror, blow drying her hair. She was still gloriously naked.
I paused at the door, drinking in the view. Her back arched as she worked the dryer with one hand, her brush with the other, and my eyes traced the outline of her spine down to her rounded bottom, fair and firm and smooth, the tiny birthmark on her upper left cheek the only "flaw."
Her legs were long considering her short stature, their color only slightly darker than that of her ass, her thighs and calves rounded and well toned.
In the mirror I could see her breasts, as fair skinned as her bum, jiggling as she moved.
I was unsure if I should enter, and realized I was being ridiculous; I wasn't barging in on her like some pervert trying to sneak a peek. She'd left the door wide open.
Jenna saw me coming up behind her in the mirror, turned off the hair dryer, and smiled warmly. "What's up?"
"Just...just need a shirt. Gonna be frying bacon, and..."
"Ah, yeah, smart move," she said.
She stepped aside only slightly as I rummaged through my drawer. My face was mere inches from her bare, flat belly, and I had to steer my eyes away from the path they were following down towards her rounded, downy mound and pink cleft to focus on picking a shirt.
I pulled my shirt over my head. When I finished adjusting it, Jenna leaned in and planted a soft but quick kiss on my lips, then went back to drying her hair.
I stole another look at her sexy unclad ass, and this time I felt no need to resist the urge to give it a playful swat.
Jenna jumped in surprise. "Hey, down boy," she giggled, "I gotta finish my hair or it'll be a mess all day." Her glowing eyes and smile let me know she wasn't at all upset by my light spank.
I wandered back to the kitchen with a goofy grin on my face and a semi erect cock in my shorts.
On my way, I turned the thermostat up a bit. The air conditioning was on, and I didn't want it too chilly in the place. Just in case. Because it didn't seem like Jenna was in any rush to put her clothes back on.
Jenna appeared again just as I was plating our food. Her hair was dry, brushed, and held back by the same butterfly clip she'd worn last night. And again, it was the only thing she was wearing.
She'd also done her make-up, and I found myself admiring how simply yet effectively it highlighted her features. Jenna always seemed to use her make-up sparingly, enough to add to her beauty without overdoing it.
"Smells yummy." Jenna was just about to take a seat at my kitchen table when she paused. "Should I get a towel to sit on, or maybe a Snuggie?" she gestured comically, poking fun at how I'd obsessed about not sitting naked on her furniture that morning after the storm.
"As long as you washed your ass, darlin'," I chuckled.
Jenna spun around and wiggled her butt at me, then gave herself a light spank. "Clean as a baby's bottom," she chirped.
We took our seats and dug into our breakfast.
We ate in a comfortable silence, and my mind pondered on the game Jenna was playing. Other than the Snuggie remark, she hadn't acknowledged her nudity at all, and was going about everything as casually as if she were fully dressed.
I'd considered shucking my clothes off and joining her in being naked, but she hadn't suggested or even hinted at that, and I was rather enjoying the role reversal of our past experiences. Usually I was always the naked one, but now the tables had turned.
My cock, however, was doing its best to escape the confines of my loose fitting shorts, trying to poke its way out through the leg hole. I'd been all but fully erect since Jenna had walked into the kitchen, but if she'd noticed it, she hadn't said a word.
If Jenna was excited at all by this, she hid it well. Only her nipples seemed to betray her, although I honestly wasn't familiar enough with them to know if they were swollen with arousal, a chill, or were simply always that puffy.
Jenna caught me looking at them and now her face was betraying her too, as her cheeks flushed ever so slightly.
Part of me wanted to pounce on her and fuck her right on my kitchen table. But the other part of me wanted to test how long we could both drag this out and see who cracked under the lustful pressure first.
So instead, I made small talk. "Do you have any plans for the day?"
Jenna composed herself. "Actually, that reminds me, I gotta call Trish. She wanted to go clothes shopping at the mall."
"Well I suppose I should go get my shower so I can take you home then." I finished my last few swallows of coffee and stood up. My cock was tenting in my shorts, but I made no move to cover it or even acknowledge that I was hard. Two could play this game.
Jenna's eyes darted towards my shorts as I bent over and kissed her warm, flushed cheek, then headed to the bathroom.
I shaved, then jumped in the shower. A few minutes later, Jenna came bursting through the door. "I gotta pee," she announced urgently, "that coffee went right through me."
I poked my head around the curtain, and smiled at her squirming, naked form. "Knock yourself out."
Jenna quickly lifted the lid and sat, parting her knees. She looked up at me with a slightly embarrassed grin. "You gonna watch?"
"Maybe," I winked.
Her legs were open just enough to see her strong, steady stream let loose, splashing loudly into the bowl.
I'm not really into THAT kind of thing, and certainly not interested in any kind of "watersports." Still, I couldn't help but secretly touch myself while watching my beautiful, naked, teenage girlfriend peeing.
Jenna bundled up some toilet paper as her last few drops dribbled, then looked directly at me as she dabbed herself clean.
She dropped the tissue in the bowl, stood, grinned evilly...then flushed.
"Shit!" I bellowed as the shower went from hot to REALLY fucking HOT, making me jump back to avoid the now almost scalding water.
Jenna was laughing hysterically.
"That wasn't funny!" I yelled as the door slammed. But I was smiling as I said it.
I took my time finishing my shower and pondered on what to do. I knew Jenna wanted to go home and change to go out with Trish, but I was horny as hell. Would she be up for some fooling around before she had to go?
I looked down at my cock as I dried myself off. While no longer fully erect, it was still plump and aroused from a morning's worth of being teased mercilessly.
I debated for a few moments, then decided to be bold. Throwing open the bathroom door, I stepped out into the hall with the towel around my neck instead of my waist.
I could hear a voice coming from my bedroom, and as I entered, I saw Jenna sitting up on my bed, still naked, holding her phone.
Trish was speaking. "The sale ends today, so if we wanna get anything, we....Jenna? You okay?"
Jenna was looking at me, eyes wide, grinning ear to ear. "Hang on, Trish. Tommy just came into the room. He just got out of the shower."
Trish snickered. "Let me guess, he's naked and has a hard-on again."
"I can hear you," I said. "Hi, Trish."
Trish laughed. "Oh, hey, Tommy. I'm right though, aren't l?"
"Maybe. Too bad you can't see anything to confirm it," I joked.
Jenna smiled a wicked grin. "Well actually, she's on video chat. I could just turn the phone your way and let her confirm her theory."
"Yes!" Trish called out. "Evidence, or it didn't happen!"
Jenna met my eyes, and I could see her asking for my approval. My cock, which had been semi erect when I walked in the door, was now at full mast.
My heart rate increased as I nodded firmly. Jenna's eyes sparkled merrily. She was truly as excited as I was.
"Okay then," said Jenna, "drum roll please!"
Trish started blubbering an approximation of a drum roll as Jenna turned the phone in a slow, dramatic fashion.
And then I was face to face...well, face to screen...with Trish.
Trish made a crashing cymbal sound as her face lit up excitedly. "See? I called it! You guys can't control those things, can you?"
I laughed. "Well, in my defense, Jenna is lounging around naked too. Has been all morning."
Trish arched her brows in surprise. "Really, now? Jenna, you little cock tease! No wonder he's all worked up! You haven't taken care of your man yet this morning?"
Jenna shot me a look as she replied, "Well, I WAS considering it, but now I'm not so sure." I really couldn't tell if she was kidding or not.
Trish was still laughing. She was also still looking at me, naked and erect, as she talked. "Oh stop it, you know you're going to. Just try not to take all day. We still gotta catch the bus, and I wanna get there before all the best stuff is gone."
I didn't think Jenna was truly mad at me for telling Trish she was naked, but I came up with an idea to hopefully smooth things over, just in case.
"Tell you what," I said, "I have to drop Jenna off at her place anyway; I could just give you both a ride to the mall if you want."
Both Trish and Jenna beamed with delight. "That would be great," said Jenna. "I always hate taking the bus."
"Too many smelly people," Trish chimed in.
Jenna's phone followed me as I walked over to my dresser and started pulling out some clothes. "Sounds like a plan," I was saying, no longer seeing Trish's eyes, yet feeling them on me. "I'll finish getting ready and we'll be over soon."
"Wait!" yelled Trish as I bent to put on my boxer briefs. "I mean, I'm not in that much of a rush. If you need to, you know, take care of that first."
THAT of course was my cock, which had remained hard as steel the entire conversation.
I looked at Trish on the screen first, her face indefinable, then over to Jenna.
Jenna gave me a smile and a shrug. "It's up to you," she mouthed silently.
I dropped my underwear, casually strolled over to the bed and sat down beside Jenna, who was still pointing the phone at me so Trish could see.
"Well, I suppose I could use a little relief before we go. You ladies are both okay with this?" I asked.
Trish nodded, biting her lip. Jenna put her free arm around my shoulders and kissed my cheek. "Go ahead, cowboy," she purred in my ear, "give her a show."
I couldn't believe how relaxed I felt as I took my cock in hand and started to stroke. Jenna sat beside me against the headboard, pointing her phone at my dick. I couldn't see Trish's face at that angle, but I knew she was watching. It was an incredible turn on.
Jenna was playing cameraman; moving and twisting the phone at various angles. "How's the view, Trish?"
"Good, but I can't see his face," Trish responded.
"Hang on, I've got an idea," said Jenna.
She leaned over me across the bed, her breasts brushing across my chest as she did so, and set her phone on my nightstand, flipping the case open to make it stand on its own.
I couldn't help but caress her ass as her body lingered over mine. Then she pulled back. "How's that?" she asked Trish.
"Perfect," said Trish. "I can see from his face to his...lap."
Jenna sat down beside me again, her warm, nude body so close I could smell the scent of the bodywash she'd used in the shower.
She kissed me softly then smiled. I went in for a second, longer kiss. I could feel Jenna respond, returning my passion. My left arm slipped around her, pulling her even closer; my hand found her breast.
"Ahem." We were interrupted by Trish. "Look, you two, if you're gonna do THAT, I won't object, but try and make it a quickie, will ya? Tick tock!"
Jenna broke our kiss, laughing. "Sorry, I already had my shower and don't wanna have to do my hair and make-up again."
"No worries," I smiled, "wouldn't be the first time I've had to take matters into my own hand."
Jenna rolled her eyes and giggled.
As I began to stroke myself again, Trish spoke up. "Oh come on, Jenna, at least lend him a hand."
Jenna gave an exaggerated sigh. "Jesus, Trish, you're more demanding than he is!" Her hand landed on my thigh, slowly sliding upwards. "But anything for a friend, I guess," Jenna quipped.
Her fingers found my balls and began stroking them with the light, feathery touch she knew I liked. My body shuddered involuntarily as I quickened my pace.
"There ya go," Trish said, "now his motor's running."
Jenna leaned in and began kissing my neck behind the ear. I was groaning and gasping at the combination of sensations. Her soft lips and warm breath on my neck; the feel of her firm breast and hard nipple against my chest; her delicate fingertips dancing over my sensitive scrotum. And of course my hand working my throbbing cock as her best friend watched from her phone.
I glanced over at the phone to see Trish's reaction. It was hard to make actual eye contact of course, because Trish was looking at her own screen, but she recognized I was looking her way and smiled knowingly.
"Enjoying the show?" I asked Trish.
Trish's smile widened. "Oh absolutely. You two are so sexy together, I love it."
I couldn't tell if Trish was aroused by this or simply amused, and decided it didn't matter. I was aroused enough for all three of us.
I focused my attention back on my cock; I could feel it getting close.
Jenna sensed it too. Lifting her head, her eyes met mine. "You almost ready to pop, cowboy?" I could only nod.
Jenna's hand moved from my balls to join my hand wrapped around my shaft. She tugged with me, increasing my speed.
"Let go," she whispered, "let me finish you."
I released my aching cock and Jenna never missed a beat keeping the pace. She jerked me with a flurry, my erection expanding in her grip as I felt the inevitable wave of climax approach.
Cum splattered across my chest and stomach as I erupted, the headboard rattling loudly as my body writhed up against it in orgasmic pleasure.
Jenna worked the hot cum that had oozed over her hand into my shaft, lubricating it. Slowing her strokes, she continued to milk my ultra sensitive cock gently, draining the last few drops.
I sat back against the headboard and caught my breath. Jenna gave me a soft, lingering kiss. Then she playfully licked my sticky cum off her fingers. My cock, only slightly deflated now, still twitched at the sight of it.
Trish was applauding. "Woo hoo! Nice work, you two! That was hot!"
Jenna laughed happily. "Well maybe next time we can give you a show in person."
Next time? In person? My mind raced with the possibilities.
"I might be up for that," said Trish slyly. "Now get cleaned up and get over here. There's a pair of 'fuck me pumps' on sale with my name on them! Chop chop!"
"Okay, okay, we'll be right over!" Jenna exclaimed.
Trish disappeared as the screen went black. Jenna and I sat there, grinning madly at each other.
"Jesus, that was fucking hot," I gasped.
"I know, right?" Jenna sounded as excited as I was. "I think Trish really enjoyed herself too. That was so much fun!"
"Thank you," I said warmly, hugging her close. "You're amazing."
We kissed again passionately, my hands caressing her soft, nude skin. She responded in kind, her body pushing against mine urgently. The scent of her arousal wafted up to my nose; I was surprised I hadn't picked up on it earlier.
"Sure we don't have a few minutes to take care of you?" I asked. "Or I could leave you alone for a bit if you wanted some privacy?"
"No," she said, "stay with me. I'm already dripping. This won't take long."
I moved beside her as she slid her body down to lay prone on the bed.
Jenna bent her knees then spread her legs wide, her feet touching as her knees fell to the sides.
She wasn't kidding about being wet; her open and exposed pussy was glistening with moisture.
Jenna ran her hand down her belly and over her mound, fingers parting her wispy hairs, then finding her labia. She spread her delicate folds and dipped her fingers inside, scooping up a dollop of her cream and sliding it up to lubricate her clit.
She began rubbing her clit in small, slow circles, her breathing already quickening as she pleasured herself.
I watched in fascinated silence as she masturbated, pausing occasionally to gather more of her slippery cum on her fingers then continue rotating her swollen nub. The air was heavy with the scent of her sex.
I leaned in and spoke deeply in her ear. "That's it, princess. Don't stop. I want to watch you cum."
She moaned softly and sped up her pace. The wet, slippery sounds of her fingers against her clit were music to my ears, as were her gasps of pleasure.
I caressed her thigh softly with my hand, desperately wanting to touch her pussy, but not wanting to interrupt her rhythm.
Mmm, that's nice," she moaned. Suddenly her eyes rolled back and she let out a small squeal as her body shook.
She paused only momentarily after she'd caught her breath to explain, "Just had a small orgasm, but I need a bigger one. Wish I had my vibrator." She sounded slightly frustrated.
"Can I try something?" I offered hopefully.
Jenna's eyes met mine, considered for a moment, then nodded.
I kept my eyes locked with hers as my hand slid up her thigh, finding the crease where it met her vulva. She trembled a bit but offered no resistance as my fingertips brushed lightly over her swollen pussy lips. They were as soft and delicate as rose petals.
Lubricating my fingers with her juices, I placed two fingertips at the entrance of her vagina and applied a gentle pressure, but didn't yet enter her.
I took her moan of pleasure as approval to continue, and slowly slid my fingers into her tight, fiery hole.
She gasped and bucked as I went knuckle deep, again pausing to allow her time to adjust. Her vaginal walls gripped my fingers like a vice. "Oh fffuck," she groaned.
With my index and middle finger now planted deep inside her, I began to move them in a "come hither" motion over where I approximated her G Spot to be.
I must have found it, because her hips bucked wildly as she squealed.
I spoke firmly but gently in her ear. "Rub your clit, princess. Rub yourself while I finger you."
Jenna obeyed and once again rubbed her button as my fingers continued their steady push and release against the roof of her vaginal wall.
Jenna's hips were rocking in time with my movements and now she was groaning repeatedly. "Oh, fuck, oh fuck, oh FFFFUCK..."
Her voice raised to a high pitched wail as her eyelids fluttered wildly.
Jenna's cunt spasmed around my fingers as her back arched and her hips shot up off the bed. Between her wild, bucking bronco movements and the slick rivulets of cum now gushing from her in streams, it was all I could do to keep my fingers inside.
Jenna let out several more loud squeals, then collapsed back down on the bed, utterly spent.
I started to pull my hand back when Jenna grabbed it. "Slowly," she panted, "I'm...really sensitive."
I eased my fingers out as tenderly as I could, her pussy finally releasing them with a wet plop.
I brought them to my nose, inhaled, then licked them clean as Jenna watched, beaming up at me.
"Holy shit," she exclaimed, " that was fucking incredible. I don't think I've ever cum that hard before. That move with your fingers was amazing!"
I shrugged modestly. "Glad to be of service."
Jenna noticed the wet spot she'd left and blushed. "Sorry, guess you'll have to wash your blanket."
"Don't you dare apologize for that," I grinned.
We kissed softly for a few moments, Jenna finally breaking away. "We're gonna be late. We can...continue this later, right?"
"Of course," I said. "Let's get cleaned up before Trish calls, looking for us. Do you want another shower, or will a warm washcloth do?"
"Washcloth will be fine, and I'll have to touch up my make-up, but that won't take long."
Jenna called out to me as I headed towards the bathroom. "I need to ask you something."
She sounded serious. I turned back to her, wondering what to expect. "Okay?"
"When was the last time you got, you know...tested?"
"Ah," I said, now understanding. She was concerned about my past sexual history with prostitutes. "About six months ago. I get tested every check up. But I haven't been with anybody in over a year now. I'm clean. Always used protection, every time."
Jenna nodded appreciatively. "Thank you."
She hesitated, then spoke again. "Do you...do you have condoms now?"
"Um, I'm not sure. It's been awhile since I've...needed them."
"Get some," she said. "Today. Please?"
Her eyes were a mix of love, passion and contentment I'd never seen before.
"I'd be happy to," I answered with a smile.
I turned to go, stopped, spun back to her again. "Were you really mad that I told Trish you were naked?"
Jenna's face turned solemn as she nodded. "Of course not, silly." Her trademark grin broke the illusion of seriousness.
I shook my head, chuckling softly, then went off to fetch the washcloths.
-------------------------------------------------------
Authors Afterwards
The funnest part of writing this series has been the twists and turns it takes, usually without warning.
I've had the first part of this chapter (Jenna flaunting her nudity) in my head for some time now, but had to build up to it. Because I wanted a CMNF story where the woman was empowered, not humiliated.
But I honestly didn't know Trish would be on the phone until Tom walked in the room. That, and what followed, simply...happened.
Looks like Tom is taking the ladies shopping, and Jenna is asking about condoms.
Expect things to heat up even more, and soon. - DJ