I live for the moment when I hear the catch in her throat with our first kiss. Her breathing getting heavier with each caress, touch, or stroke, of her sensitive places, I wait for those words she will say..., but not yet. Catherine
Catherine Chapter 33
C - Her First Weekend Across The River...
Sitting across the table from C who seems to be in thought, probably over what I just teased her about; I wasn't teasing, I was totally serious. People watching is one of my best skills at picking out those who may have nefarious intentions. The things I've told Catherine about like, what should be there, but isn't. Or the reverse of that, what's not there that should be.
But it's the sound of people talking that breaks the moment because of the hostess who's guiding another couple to a booth on the opposite side of the room; which has attracted my attention as it has Catherine's who looked to see the same thing I do. Where a brief conversation ensued before the hostess left them to their menus.
With that too, the server who brought our meal is back questioning us about dessert; where Catherine can't get a word out before I jump in, "I'll be having the one sitting across the table from me; thank you!"
The server, a very shocked look on her face, looking from me, to Catherine with her come back, "YOU WISH!" Followed immediately with; "Have I called you a pig tonight?"
That banter between the two of us has the serve howling with laughter while trying to get out, "I'll come back later!" Who walks away still laughing.
Catherine, the hard stare I'm getting from the remark I made is picking up her wine glass, taking a long sip from it, "Bobby...," Catherine, setting her glass down, "Their names are Sandy and Richard."
"Sandy and Richard!?" I repeat, a bit above normal conversation level, because of how it caught me off guard due to what just happened about dessert.
"Yes!" Catherine's simple reply. "So now this Bob, she says, "I have to ask you, how explicit do you want me to get with what you've been so curious about me and those you've been referring to as, 'my friends across the river,' where you now this minute you know, as Sandy and Richard," she says, repeating their names.
"What I'm getting at, she says, is how comfortable would you feel Bob, about what I could tell you," she asks. "With that, she says, should I talk generally about them and the things that have and still take place when we're together; like this past weekend," she reminds me. "Or..., like down, dirty, and explicit; because Bobby, it's knowing how you feel about me and I definitely know how I feel about you," she follows. "So, should it be like with Nancy and what you told me you did on hearing her and me together; which was a total accident on my part. But Neil, Bobby, was deliberate and again what you told me about when hearing it all." She reminds me.
"Catherine I..., "Wait a minute Bobby," Catherine interrupts. "On that note too, what I told you about James..., it wasn't exactly..., truthful," she tells me this now. "I ah..., had my..., reason for what I was telling you about.., about his very, thick, penis, and that I couldn't take him like..., I can..., I can take him," she's admitting this to me now? "His size I told you..., the thickness, the circumstance of it takes some patients and..., some extra lubrication to accomplish it -- it's the closest I think I'll ever come to knowing what it's like to give birth; she laughs -- I'm joking Bobby," her immediately clarifying that last part. "But it is a stretch, but a very pleasurable stretch too; probably the most I'll ever be filled and when it's finally in, she says..., it's eye rolling!"
Her emphasis on those words bringing my thought processes screeching to a stop, replaced by this one; how big, is..., this guy?
"Bobby I'm...," Her suddenly halting, realizing what she said or how she said it, I ah...,"
"I thought it was funny Catherine; okay?" Interrupting, letting her know what I thought and I did. "But on that note Catherine, I know a guy; a very close friend, who's maybe not as thick as you've described your friend James, telling her. His name is TeeJay McMaster; nicknamed, 'The Hose!" Who, has not only substantial length, but also substantial girth. But also he hates that...," fucking name," quietly telling her. But he's not above proving it to any woman who's curious enough to ask how he got that nickname; along with making her a believer if she wants to take him on! And I'll tell you too, Catherine, there're many female believers in the McMaster church! With their, OH, MY, GOD! Exclamations!" Telling her.
"But yours is one hell of an admission in itself; Catherine, the extra lubrication, stretched, and filled?"
This woman really does get wet when she's turned on; that..., I know very well! Those wet spots left on my sheets at ground zero and James, mixed with Astroglide too? Plus what Catherine told me before of her with James, sounded kinky enough; 'Mister Fire Plug,' her nickname for James fat cock, during her phone call to me that night when back in her hotel room. Which now has me wondering, how was her walk back to her room like after hearing what she just told me?
"I'm sorry I told you.., what I told you before," her breaking into those thoughts, "But..., the rest of what I told you was true; it's just I wasn't sure about how you..., how you,..., you would..."
"Wait a minute Catherine...," Interrupting her.
"Catherine I thought it was funny; okay? But if you were going to say; ego, don't even think about it," heading her off on that one. "I've told you, it's not a part of me or my vocabulary because I don't have one; okay?" Reminding her. "And Catherine if you're going to remind me again of the many men who's ego's you've bruised; I'm sure they deserved it," telling her.
"Alright Bobby, she says, no more egos; but..., your sensitivity. I know you to be that way with people you're close too; me for sure. I've told you I felt it the first time you touched me and every single time since then. I heard it in your voice when you were talking to Erin and Sally and again tonight here with you telling me; how you think..., how much I'm in love with you and Sally still does too, you said." She tosses back at me. "And wipe that smirk off your face too Swaggart, you, you bastard," she calls me. "Oh and have I told you lately how much I hate you?" Catherine tosses that out at me too.
"No Catherine, because I never hear any of it anyway; it just flies right over my head, a total miss." Swiping my hand over my head like it never touched it. "So then, how about you, begin telling me, about Sandy and Richard," asking her.
Funny, thinking about what I just said; their names, Sandy and Richard..., why not Rich? Like me with Bob, instead of Robert. I sign my name using Robert, not Bob Swaggart.
"Bobby...," Catherine pulling me back. "It was less than a week after Diane's weekend beach house party that I got a call from Sandy. Yes, I'll be using their real names from now on," she's telling me..
Sandy..., her name..., rolling off Catherine's tongue so casual now.
"What?" She asks, at seeing something in me this time. "You were expecting..." She leaves hanging..
"I'm not sure, Catherine," replying. "Maybe just the way you so easily let it roll out now and thank you, it's a nice name. In fact, telling her, a girl who lived two houses up from where I lived, her name was Sandy -- she was the oldest of the three kids in the family."
"Well I'm pretty sure this, Sandy, didn't live near you, she says, because Sandy's a native New Yorker; sorry." Catherine told me.
"Back at Diane's beach house," Catherine picks up. "Sandy and I had exchanged phone numbers and emails, like I did with Diane, so we could stay in touch, both acknowledging we would want to get together again; I thought; just her and me."
"That call from Sandy was to invite me to her house for a weekend. When I told her I would be out of town on a short business trip but I would be back in less than a week to, maybe a couple of extra days, "I told her. "So I would be free after that if she had a date in mind somewhere after. And seeing her would be a great way to unwind from that trip, I told her that too, where we both laughed about the unwind."
"Sandy went off the phone to check her calendar and came back with that weekend after you're back would be perfect," she was telling me. "So we made plans for me to come to their house on Friday. But then she tells me Richard would be home too in case I wanted to change my mind about accepting so fast about that weekend; I of course asked what it was I might change my mind," asking then.
"Where Sandy asked if I had time to talk, which I did, but being as how I was at work, I could get interrupted at any time. So she goes into some history of her and Richard and how they had been involved with some couples over some years, but decided it was not what they wanted to continue," She tells me. "Sandy had told me just a little about that when we were at Diane's," Catherine's follow up.
"But, both of them know Sandy's very strong attraction for other women and how Richard loves watching her with women. So maybe, just having a like minded girlfriend to, kind of..., they would share together..., a mutual agreeing playmate. It would be both of them, 'sharing me, together,' Sandy emphasized. Which, of course, I understood right then, I could be having sex with Richard." Catherine is looking at me from over the rim of her wine glass as she's taking another sip from it; looking for some reaction from me I'm thinking.
"Also I may as well toss this in, Catherine says, and not less than a year later, I would meet Richard..., alone on this side of the river." She tells me now.
Catherine admitted to what I already thought was the case. Again, that text message during our first lunch date. And that's why the hick-up at the Regency Parkside Hotel, because that's where they meet; my assumption confirmed.
"But I have to tell you this too Bobby, Catherine going on, Sandy would know. And Bobby, it would happen often and still continues too! Sometimes Sandy would be along, where it was just like being at their house; I thought you should know. No secrets or lies." She says.
So with my already assuming what she just admitted it's my simple nod of understanding.
"Then Sandy came right out asking how I felt about being that other woman is where I reminded Sandy of my many relationships with women. Some I see on a, somewhat, frequent basis; plus on my business travels too; Nancy, Bob, Catherine says, I met her on one of those business trips that included her city."
"San Antonio, is where you were Catherine, when you, accidentally..., forgot..., to drop the call before I heard Nancy's voice asking you a question."
"It was an accident; smart ass!" She throws back at me.
"Whatever you say, Catherine but, fortuitous as it's turned out; right?"
"I am..., going to seriously smack you..., one of these days," she threatens me with that often. But her face cheeks can't hide what she's trying to suppress.
"It's then, I asked Sandy if I could think about that, which of course she said yes. But at the same time I felt I should tell Sandy about Diego, that he's the older man I've been involved with, off and on, since the time I met him while Jon was designing and building his new house in Rhode Island. I didn't go into who Diego was Bob," Catherine says, "Just enough background that meeting him was infrequent to who and what he does. So, it only leaves those times he's near enough for us to get together; some of those times have been just a hurried, passionate fuck; is exactly what I told Sandy, Bob."
"Hurried, but passionate fuck," she said? With me trying to keep an unsteady straight face; the woman kills me!
But hurried and where?
Lets see Swaggart; thinking about that now, he's a very famous concert pianist and womanizer -- concerts all over the world, many here. He must have to stay in hotels, lots of coming and going of adoring fans and admirers would be risky for a married woman leaving his hotel room late at night; but still not out of the question. So where else could they meet for a, hurried passionate fuck; a quickie, huh Catherine? Dressing rooms -- locked dressing room doors; why you daring, hot, sexy bitch! Also..., a crowded commuter train car, you Catherine, needing to take the edge off before meeting Richard at the hotel that very night; the Regency Park Hotel. His text message the following day thanking you..., again! How could I not..., love a woman as exciting and daring as Catherine!
"After filling Sandy in with that...," Catherine pulled me out of all those 'quickie' thoughts.
"So with telling Sandy that, which had given me some time before getting back to what Sandy was telling me; "You do mean me, having sex with Richard too; I asked her?"
"Sandy answered by telling me yes; but.., only if I felt comfortable with that possibility. But.., it was me she wanted to see most of all," she told me.
"But it was right after what she told me is when I went into telling Sandy about those earlier experiences of mine -- my first; the disappointing minuteman boyfriend, I called him. Then in college and what happened there. And then my sex life with Jon and how very different that is; as you already know too, Bob." Catherine reaffirms.
"I also included the time where I had met this man on a business trip where I ah..., where I felt at the time; why not. So I replied in a way he would know my answer was yes. But I stopped before it went..., I didn't fuck him, I told Sandy. Along with telling Sandy how horrible I felt about doing that because I felt..., I deceived a perfect gentle man. Where I told Sandy in more explicit details of what had transpired up to the point where I had stopped -- I apologized and left his room. Feeling how I must have hurt this beautiful man; I was telling her."
"Sandy understood because she had a similar experience the first time with the husband of a couple she agreed to meet alone; part of some, game playing they were into, where Richard wouldn't know it ahead of time," Sandy told me.
"Would you like to know what that was; Swaggart?" Catherine surprised me by asking it.
"I guess..., yeah, why not," telling her.
"It's a bit kinky," Catherine's replying.
"Is it as kinky as what you were telling me about, the real thing, with James," asking in return.
"Okay, she says, I apologize again; I'm sorry. And now lets see what you think, she came back. "Sandy after having sex with a man, not telling Richard who, would come home to tell Richard, in very explicit detail, everything she did with that man she had just left; including..., " Catherine's suddenly stopping.
"Including what; Catherine?" Prompting her.
"Including the sticky wetness that was still leaking out of her soaking the crotch of her panties she was wearing as proof she fucked him." Is what Catherine let's go with.
"I know, she says, following up, the phrase that's used to describe a man having sex with a woman who's just had sex with another man, leaving behind what you, Swggart, so copiously leave in me."
Which has me laughing really hard at her attempt to be delicate by not saying; sloppy seconds. To suddenly thinking; I like the idea of the kinkiness in Sandy and Richards sex life? Where, I'm not usually surprised when it comes to people and their sexual activities; me specifically and Sally with our relationship with Alex and Jennifer. That time I was sitting in a chair next to our bed watching my beautiful wife getting doggy fucked by the husband whose wife is on her knees between mine; doing an exquisite job of trying to suck the life out of me through my cock in her mouth. So it's not that surprising what Catherine just told me.
"Did that happen often," asking Catherine. "I thought...," raising my hand slightly to hold off whatever Catherine was about to say. "What you told me about you and James was a hell of a lot more kinky," telling her.
"Whatever you say, Swaggart," I get back.
"But that kind of, "game playing," Sandy told me, didn't last but a few times."
"After that when they met with a couple it stayed, as she called it, with the kinkiness of her taking control of the woman by telling her what to do where Richard would be fucking the woman in front of her husband. It was Sandy describing herself as a bit of a controller and a exhibitionist. So for almost a year, she said, they played different games of 'what if, they called it, before the couple got transferred; he was in the military," Sandy told me.
"And they missed them, they were fun," Sandy also told me.
"But then it was their thought, what about just a girlfriend? It was what they both liked; Richard, Sandy, sharing another woman; him joining them if the other woman was agreeable to it," Catherine's telling me.
Now my thought, Richard and Sandy, have had quite a varied and kinky sex life. But it was Catherine bringing up Sarah again; Catherine's unknowing reminding me about Sarah's friend from Atlanta; his leaving Sarah weak kneed, wiped out from her frisky extended lunch meetings with him, or evenings, Sarah being very late getting home too; Catherine was told. But Catherine too, her telling me some time ago the same thing; only stopping without the details Where I'm sure what Catherine was telling Sandy about her almost, except with Sandy, Catherine was more descriptive as to who he was and that he..., wasn't that one, from Atlanta.
"And that's Sandy and Richard, Bob." Catherine picks up her wine glass and finishes what little remained in it. Then setting it back down, looking at me, "Any questions, she asks. "I may not answer what you may want to know about them, " she says this. "Because Bob, Sandy asked, if I accepted, everything would always be kept very confidential. Because,..., of what he does and what she does could become problematic if their lifestyle they lived before and what they do now, would make for some difficult explaining. " Is what Sandy told me.
"I understand perfectly, Catherine. I have less than four years to go to close out my twenty. My and Sally's relationship with Alex and Jennifer probably wouldn't be a big issue. But, I have a very high security clearance, so other things..could be an issue, but like I told you one time too Catherine, if you remember where, I don't go telling tails around the playground.
Those other things, I've kept very close and very personal; something only me and the individuals..., in my mid teen years and much later too, Alex and Jennifer, Sally mouthing silently asking one time we were together with them, "Are you okay with that?" Where later we talked, with Sally telling me after, "I knew there was more to you under the strong exterior; you are human Bob Swaggart," is what she told me.
"Thank you, Bobby," Catherine replies, drags me back in "You mean so very much to me and that's why I tell the things I do..., because I trust you and more!" Catherine's telling me; where she's reaching across the table to grasp my hand that just set the empty glass that contained what was left of my watery drink of vodka and bitter lemon, with that twist of lime -- squeezed out limp, laying in the bottom of the glass. But feeling her hand squeezing mine has me looking back into her beautiful face and into those eyes that see right through to my soul, she knows, she knows how much in love I am with her.
"Catherine..., my breaking moment, "Tell me, in very explicit detail, what the three of you did that first time you were together with them?"
Squeezing my hand much harder than she needed, "Have I called you a pig tonight," she throws at me now.
"I'm not sure," replying, if you did, it went right over my head, never landing anywhere near me either."
"You are just too much," I hear.
"What's too much?" Asking her.
"You're too much trouble for me," she replies.
"You told me that once before, Catherine. Where I told you... "
"Shut Up Swaggart!" She threw hard at me; immediately halting what I was about to say to her.
Where anyone else saying that in the tone of voice she just said it to me, would have instantly had Master Sergeant Robert Swaggart, United States Marine Corps back in their face so close my Laser stare would have been burning their eyeballs out. And the stare Catherine sees she instantly realizes what and how it sounded to me. Where any background noise had instantly evaporated like a vacuum had just sucked it out of the room.
"Bob... Bobby..., I..., I, I'm sorry it came..., came out..., all wrong; I'm sorry, I'm sorry..., Oh God!" Her face turned to the ceiling.
"Would you like another glass of wine, Catherine?" Asking now.
"No.., no, she replies, looking back now. "The drink I need wouldn't be good for driving home."
"I have a driver's license; you know." telling her.
"Yeah..., you'd love to get behind the wheel of my car; wouldn't you," she says.
"Well..., you know how I love getting behind you; right?" Her pretty head turning slightly from side to side, her beautiful smile returning with it.
"So Catherine, why don't we call it a night, where you take me home and you go home and take one of those hot, spa tub baths."
"Not yet!" Her reply. "But I will have another glass of wine and you, Swaggart, may want a bigger glass of vodka and bitter lemon with a very tiny piece of lime and I'm not kidding!" She's telling me. "So to change the subject I asked Sandy if I could think more on what she said about Richard."
"Sandy is a beautiful person, not just physically, but an understanding person too. She understood how I could feel and whatever I decided it wouldn't change anything between her and I," Is what Sandy told me.
"So I thought about what she asked along with telling Sarah what I was considering doing and what Sarah told me was; spread your wings, Catherine. you need to live a little bit. And if it doesn't work, she went on, look other places; like me," she said. And with that is when Sarah told me she had been seeing her friend from Atlanta on a more frequent basis; I had know idea she was doing that, except for those times she had told me when he was here on..., real business. I just knew Sarah was a very happy girl; which I silently know now." Catherine told me.
"So with that I made up my mind and called Sandy back. Where I told her yes, but how about we take things slow and see; if that was okay? Well she was ecstatic and dying to see me on that weekend. And that would be the weekend that changed everything, emotionally and sexually for me. Where I quickly learned what it was like to be so sexually liberated; not the right word I know," she says. "That I would be a woman so thoroughly fucked and loving every minute of it!" Catherine's is telling me, the emotion clearly with it.
"I used one day of my substantial comp time taking that Friday off and drove up to their house where I got there just before lunch. It was an easy drive with the directions Sandy had sent me. But all I really needed was her address, which I plugged into my GPS, which put me right in front of her mailbox. And when turning in their driveway -- Sandy must have been watching out a window, I think. Because she was right at the drivers side door waiting for me to get out where we greeted each other like we were long separated sisters and where we've become that I think."
Catherine looked at me with that last part she just said so I would understand her feelings. And just a slight nod of my head to acknowledge my understanding of it.
"Getting my overnight bag off the passenger seat; Sandy immediately taking it from me, then hand in hand, she leads me up the short flight of outside steps and into the house; it is a very nice house, Bobby!" She says. It's a big split-level that sits a good ways back from the road within a well landscaped lot with lots of trees around it." Catherine described it to me.
"Inside the front entrance is the hallway that leads into the main part of the house and at the end that hallway is where everything on the first floor opens up. And standing right there too, is a man, it's Richard. And from Sandy's description of him, along with the cell phone picture of Richard in snug swim trunks, she showed me when we were at Dian's beach house, she and it, didn't do him justice; I was impressed. He is..., a very good looking man!"
And with Catherine saying that, she's locked her eyes onto me, to see mine locked on hers; knowing what I will hear soon will be explicit; no holding back; she warned me.
"It wasn't that kind of greeting I got when I entered the house this past weekend, Bobby," she tells me this now. When I called you and you asked if they were nearby where I told you yes they were," her reply then and now. And when I told you I was sitting on an island bar stool and that I was only wearing the long sleeve button down the front dress shirt I had on; I wasn't joking, Bobby. That hallway I just described is where I lost most of my clothes as soon as the front door closed behind me; then up against the wall I was..., both of them practically devouring me right there..., then on the floor; fucked on my hands knees..., my face in Sandy's pussy. It certainly wasn't like the first time I walked into that hallway!"
Whatever train of thought I was having before that..., totally went off the rails!
"Finishing that, Catherine, picking up her fresh glass of wine that had been placed on the table just a little before she started her narrative of arriving at Sandy and Richards house. And me, I've taken a little longer sip of my vodka and bitter lemon without the lime, as usual. The woman did ask; Swaggart! How explicit did she want me to go into it with them.
"The first time, Catherine..., tell me about the first time!" Setting my class back down.
"You're sure," she asks. "The first time was a lot more tame then this last time; for sure," she says,
"Yeah..., sounded like it was; I'll admit." telling her." Where I was silently wishing I had been that fly on the hallway wall this last time you were there," telling her.
"God, you're a pig!" I got right back on her return.
"I can't shock you; can I?" She asks, right behind it.
"Catherine..., I'm long past being shocked by what people do. But in your case lady; you knock my socks off!"
Which sets her back into the padded seat back, shaking her head, trying not to laugh, but it's not working, as she comes back, "If that knocked your socks off Swaggart, she says, just wait, you haven't heard the best of it!
"That, Catherine, says now, was just a test. But if you insist on hearing more, it gets a whole.., a lot better!" She tempts me with that.
"I'm all ears girl, so fire away; but first, like I asked, please go on seeing Richard for the first time," telling her.
"Sandy, on introducing me to Richard who held out his hand, as I held his telling him, "Hi, I'm Catherine." Where he came right back with his, "You sure are and I've heard so much about you; welcome to our house." Then, and still holding my hand, he leaned in close and kissed me lightly on the cheek. I was immediately impressed. Not only was he..., is a very good looking man but it was also what he said in greeting me with his; "Yes you are." and the way he said it, he liked what he saw of me. And forward enough with his light kiss on the cheek that it didn't offend me; having just met him. I looked at Sandy, who was standing right next to Richard, as I told her right then "I like him!" Where she came right to me with a great big hug..., but with her, it was a nice warm kiss on my lips," she says.
"Richard offered to hang my coat in the hall closet, which he did when handed to him. Then I followed Sandy into the kitchen, looking around noticing how nice it was laid out with a island with seating, a dining area off a little ways from that where I complimented Sandy on how I like everything."
"Sandy had fixed a lite lunch, some fruit, cheeses, cheese dips, crackers, chips and of course wine. And that's where and when they were telling me they had dinner plans for later that evening. Where right away I told Sandy I didn't bring anything really dressy for dinner out. But I did tell Sandy, like I always do when traveling, I take along the items I'd normally be wearing; the type things I usually wear when traveling on business. Including a fairly simple slip on dress -- that with the right accessories, can up the look if unexpectedly asked to dinner or an occasion where a little more dressed up would be appropriate for it.
"Where Sandy assured me it was a nice place and where they went to often. And what I told her about the dress sounded perfect to her," she assured me. "
"So a good portion of the afternoon was the three of us talking about almost everything except why I came there. Things like the drive over, how was the traffic, did I have any problem finding the house; where I told them about the GPS; they had a good laugh over that."
"It was good that way because I got to know Richard and found out, well; he's just a really darn nice guy! He's a good conversationalist, has a great sense of humor, very polite and I felt really at ease with him. I knew I liked him and as it turned out; I would like him a whole..., a lot more!"
That last was easily heard in her voice.
"He was different from so many men I've met in my business travels. Some of the ones, Bob, I've told you with their; 'How Married Are You Catherine' question. Damn, how I hate..., that!" She repeats again. Which triggered a flashback from when she told that the first time.
Catherine's definitely beautiful, open, honest with a side one side of her personality that would charm the bark off an oak tree. Also the other side of her, that feisty Catherine personality I bet sharp tongue if it came to using it; taking no prisoners with that I bet too. Also unknowing it now, but at a point in the future I would feel that rapier tongue piercing my heart and it would be all my fault.
"Over dinner Sandy and I had two glasses of wine," Catherine dragging me back in, "And you know Swaggart, what wine does to me; right?" And with only a nod of understanding from me and a lift of my drink glass to take another sip from it. "The wine Catherine, you said, two glasses; anymore; just asking."
"A third class of wine, she says, was later back at their house, I was still a..., a little nervous." She tells me. "This, what..., what I was getting into with them; I wanted it, I wanted it to happen and I didn't want to disappoint them. So the wine helped me to, not just relax; but like I've told you, and just a moment ago too. But as it turned out I really didn't need that third glass, she's telling me, because back at the house, Sandy took control and would lead me right where I wanted to go!"
"All that wine, loosening up Sandy and me had us quite openly flirting with each other; obviously too, quite entertaining for Richard -- she and I were playing footsie under the table; she had slipped a shoe off and was running her foot up and down between my legs; getting both of us laughing, giggling; more than two adult women should have been; blaming it on the wine of course!" She says.
"You didn't take a shoe off, Catherine and return the girlish play?"
"No Bobby, my heels had buckled ankle straps, but I did love holding her bare foot between my thighs, "she tells me.
To my thought, how small was the table they were seated at. Or how far did Sandy have to slide her butt down on her chair to have her foot held between Catherine's thighs. Which triggers another thought, catching Sally and Ryan making out in the stairwell under the stairs. I'll never in my life forget that!
"Of course you did," my drink glass in my hand on the way to my mouth, tipping it towards her as a compliment. But suddenly before my glass reaches my mouth; "Have I ever known you with a 'buzz' from too much wine Catherine; you did say three glass's. Was it Chablis you were drinking; just curious," telling her.
"No Bobby, she says, it wasn't Chablis; it was a white wine, a very nice white wine, something they like very much and order it often when out for a dinner like we were then," she tells me. "And as you know, having been with me the night where we stopped so I could get a couple of bottles of Chablis to take back to your house; right?" She asked. "So you know how expensive it is; the vintage I like, that I also can afford; as you saw. I don't need expensive things, she goes on, but I get what I like. And the wine the three of us were having with dinner that night at the restaurant was perfect!" The emphasis I hear in her voice.
"I'm sorry Catherine, I was just curious and trying to put the pieces together in my mind; trying to form a picture of..., everything," explaining to her.
"Yeah Swaggart, she follows, you've got a lot of pieces missing; I'm sure of that!" She smacks with. "I can't argue with anyone about some pieces missing," replying, to her pretty head nodding up and down in agreement.
"When we left the restaurant, " Catherine begins, "Sandy got in the back seat with me, which quickly turned into a very hot make out session that lasted all the way back to their house; we were both on fire! But it's...,"
"It's what Catherine?" Asking at her suddenly stopping, where she looks to me like something else may have come to mind over their activity in the back seat.
"Not yet Bobby." She suddenly replies
"But as soon as we're back in the house, Richard excused himself saying he had some work and phone calls to make, which left Sandy and me alone."
"After putting our coats in the hall closet Sandy was asking if I'd like another glass of wine; two glass already at the restaurant; they were big glasses. So even with the drive back to the house the buzz from the wine was still with me and I was about to say; no, but Sandy beat me to it by telling me, "yes you do!" And walked into the kitchen with me following.
"And while pouring the wine she was also telling me, I think I should show you the rest of the house. Where she picked up the two wine glasses, handing one to me, where she lifted her glass like she was giving me a toast. But with me, where I returned it and not just taking a sip; I almost drained the glass. Which had Sandy laughing while telling me, "Relax Catherine," she said, we're going to have a lot of fun tonight that you won't regret; I promise."
"Then she proceeded with the tour. "This is the living room, '' she says, both of us standing at the wide entrance to a very substantial living area containing the usual thing you might find, nice furniture, a big fireplace, large flat screen television mounted above it. "Yes I recognize it from a few hours ago," I was jokingly telling her; both of us laughing with it; toasting each other with our wine glass again, me; a more ladylike sip," she says.
"The reason was, when we were getting ready for dinner -- there's a guest bedroom off the living room, the door to it is on the other side of the living room and that's where Sandy took me so I could change clothes and freshen up; Catherine giggling with that.
"And up those stairs, she was telling me, is the master bedroom and across that railed walkway, was another bedroom, which is now our shared office," she was telling me too. "And that open door, a little ways to the left from the top of the steps is the master bedroom; would like to see it," she asked.
"And not giving me a chance to answer, "Yes you do!" Sandy said, then took my hand and led me up the stairs and into the master bedroom; a big, master bedroom, with a King size, four, poster, bed; Bobby!" She emphasized, Catherine, lifting her wine glass, tipping it to me this time.
Which already has me thinking; why her emphasis on the four poster bed?
The master bedroom at my house has a king size bed in there; its padded headboard mounted to the wall. Nightstands with lamps and drawers on each side. A table with a lamp and chairs fills the space between the two sets of French doors that open onto the deck. Sally's dressing table to the right of the bathroom door, one dressing mirror to the side of that The other dressing mirror against the wall between the two walk in closets.
"Is there a canopy on that four poster bed; Catherine?" Asking her.
"No," she replies, leaving it at that.
"Sandy, moving into the bedroom, with me a few steps behind sets her wine glass on the nearest night stand, then turning back to me, "I'll take that," she says. And not waiting, she takes the wine glass I was holding from my hand and places it with hers. And turning back, coming closer then we had been when we came into the room; "Do you want too," she asked. "I didn't hesitate Bobby, instantly replying, "Yes!" I told her."
"Then it was like..., we were dancing, Bobby; slowly circling each other, getting closer with each step, until we were right up against each other where it was like..., it was on cue when it happened; the explosion of kisses; long deep ones. I've passionately kissed many women, Bobby and Sandy too at Diane's; but this..., this was way different. Maybe it was the wine buzz I was still feeling, but it was definitely different!" She tells me.
"Sandy broke the kiss and stepped around behind me pulling the zipper of my dress all the way down where it stops at the base of my spine. Then stepped back around in front of me to pull the shoulder and sleeves part way down my arms," Catherine, she's telling me..
"It, the dress, was a simple A-line dress, Bobby, the hem to just above the knees, shoulder and arm sleeves, with a modestly scooped neckline that leaves a perfect amount of cleavage showing. I also wore a simple gold heart pendant that rested in the crease and swell of my breast. Perfectly fine and dressy enough to wear out to a fine restaurant and not feel underdressed for the occasion or over dressed for a more casual one. Just the type I would take along on business trips for those; what if occasions out. And as it turned out the restaurant they had taken me to; it was the right choice. And Sandy's..., it was very much the same with hers too. Where Richard..., he was all over himself complementing Sandy and me. Many times during dinner I caught him looking at me; I guess the heart pendant where it was resting was drawing his attention to where the swell of my breast was showing -- no boyish shyness when I'd catch him looking. But if there was any shyness Bobby, it certainly wasn't there later that night back at their house!" Her emphasis on that last part I certainly catch.
"Take it off, Sandy was telling me, where I peeled the sleeves of the dress the rest of the way down and off my arms which left me naked from the neck down except for my bra; where Sandy complimented on how pretty it was; sheer enough, that my hard nipples were very obvious through its thin material.
"Take that off too, she said, meaning the bra which I did, my hands shaking slightly as I fumbled a bit with the hooks, then let it fall away. And there I was, completely naked down to my waist. But the dress, clingy enough that it hadn't slipped off my hips where it was, "Off, she said, the dress, the rest of it!"
"I liked what she was doing with me, Bobby. I liked it!" Catherine's telling me.
"And with my hands stretching the dress at my hips just enough to let it slide all the way down to bunch on the tops of my shoes; the kind of heels Bobby, I would usually wear so as not to be taller than most of the men I may be around," she says.
Where Catherine, at almost five-foot eight in her bare feet and my six-foot six in my bare feet and both of us naked; if she stands on her tiptoes, I can slip my hard cock between her thighs and rub it against her pussy, teasing her, 'girlie dick,' I tease her about; clitoris.
"I've told you, how I love..., tall, long leggy women; like you Catherine!"
"And I've called you a pig too, Swaggart." I get in return.
"But I was paying you, a compliment." telling her.
"And I was paying you one too," she tosses back.
"You're killing me girl!" Laughing out loud with it.
"Not tonight, Swaggart; not tonight!" I get now.
"That's a relief," trying to get in the last word.
"Don't take them off," Sandy was saying, meaning the sheer thong panties I had on; the type I would wear with the kind of dress I was wearing that night Bobby; they don't give away panty lines that would show with the kind of dress material, which clings to all the curves; especially over the butt!" She tells me this.
"And there I was, standing in their bedroom, naked except for my thong pantys and the modest high heels I still had on, in front a woman, who played with me totally naked, only a few weeks before." Catherine tells me.
"Sit on the edge of the bed," Sandy tells me," your butt, a bit further onto the bed," she says.
"I did what she asked, but it's what Sandy did after I wiggled my butt a little bit further back onto the bed -- you want to know why Sandy asked me to do that; Swaggart?" Catherine asks..
"You're going to tell me anyway; right..., Catherine?"
"It's what you..., like to do to me before we fuck -- or any other time too?"
"I don't need to answer; do I," telling her, because I already know it's what Sandy did to your fat pussy; she was nursing on your 'girly-dick!"
"Oh God..., did she ever," she throws right back at me.
"Lift and spread your legs and hold them that way, Sandy ordered me and just as I did she had her face right into my pussy; the kinky bitch was licking my pussy through the crotch of my panties until she pulled the crotch aside and went right at me." Catherine's telling me this? "Sandy had my first curling up the bed spread; just like she did at Diane's, where everybody wanted a turn at me!" She tosses that at me now.
Oh, my god..., I can't believe she's telling me that!
"What's the matter, Swaggart," she asks, obviously the look I must have on my face.
"I was the new girl, Bob; the hit of the weekend they called me, the new meat of the weekend," she says.
"Oh My God, girl I can't believe you're telling me this!" Choking it out through my laughter all the while trying to get out, Your killing me girl!
"I, bet, you were!" Telling her now that I've recovered my senses. "And a very big hit with me the moment I caught up with you outside that coffee shop except, you knocked me out of the park!" No lie telling her that.
"You are..., telling me the truth; all of what you just told me; right?" Thinking she may have only been teasing to get my reaction.
"No Bobby!" She came back. "I wasn't making it up; Sandy's one kinky bitch and I love her," she tells me this.
"There's more, she says, if you want to hear that too -- it's what happened when Richard joined Sandy and me later," she says.
With my head swimming from what she just told me; I think I'm going to need another vodka and bitter lemon without the twist. But just about then is when the hostess arrives with another couple to seat them in the booth right behind the seat back of where Catherine has relaxed into.
"I guess not, at least not here," telling her. "But perhaps you can tell me as you're driving me back to my house. That is Catherine, if you're sober enough to drive." My hand causally indicated her very empty wine glass.
"Who said I was taking you home, she says, I only said, I was taking you out to dinner." She's telling me. "But I'm a good girl, she says, so I will take you home; it's too cold out for you to have to walk all that way." She shoots at me along with her laughter behind it.
Five minutes later with everything taken care of including helping Catherine with her coat on it's out the door and into her car. But instead of her backing away from the parking spot she leans over towards me with her, "Kiss me you bastard! Kiss me like you think you know how I feel about you!" She's telling me.
Putting my left arm across and around to grip her shoulder where I almost pull her out of the driver's seat, across the center console, crushing her mouth, driving my tongue into it brings on that whimper of wanting deep in her throat. These damn bucket seats wouldn't give me enough freedom so that I could pull her out of her seat and fuck her right there and now in the confines this damn car!
"WOW!" Her head pressed against mine. "I don't make things up Catherine and I don't lie! Telling her.
"I know," she replies to a resigning sigh of admission.
Loosening my my hold on her, she settles back into her seat, the seat belt clicking, she puts the car in gear and backing up, turning around to exit the parking lot, where it's a hard acceleration up the road that parallels the expressway to a easy merge into the mid evening traffic followed by minutes of silence; from both of us.
"You gave me a hard-on!"
"WHAT!' she says, snapping her head around taking a quick look at me, then back to the road.
"I said, Catherine..., you gave me a hard on describing how Sandy made you strip to your panty's then making you display your pussy through them like she told you, then licked you through them before pulling them aside to mouth fuck you; how many times did she make you cum, Catherine?" Asking her all that, never taking my eyes off her profile.
But her not answering what I asked I've begun to think what she told me back in the restaurant was all of what I would hear. So turning back looking out the windshield and everything zipping by the way it is. Along with glancing over trying to see the speedometer reading, "I'm not going that fast, she says, you're just used to riding in that big ass truck of yours," she tells me.
"Well that, "big ass truck of mine," you call it, got me to the train station that icy morning. Where you had to give up this sweet ride to be chauffeured in a four wheel drive SUV to that same train station. My truck, just so you know, has four wheel drive too. It also transports kayaks and canoes to some very secluded spots where they're paddled out to an island in a lake where I fucked Carly the first time. Have you ever tried to fuck in this sweet ride; Catherine? A reference to her Porsche.
"Have I called YOU, a pig lately!" I get back. If not, she follows, consider it as what I just said!" "And who is this Carly?" She's asking. Where I have to roll down the window to get some cold air, hoping to clear my watery eyes she's had me laughing so hard at her.
"Catherine, Carly is another member of my harem of sweet, beautiful, exciting women; like you," telling her.
"What the fuck!" Comes out of her, "Harem," she looks at me; I need to find a place where I can pull over and kick your ass out in the cold, you.., you..."
"Bastard, Catherine?" expecting that.
"Worse," she says; laughing right behind it.
"So which number is she?" Catherine sarcastically asks.
"Not number, Catherine..., day of the week," telling her.
"Day of the we..."
"Yes Catherine, " interrupting her. "There's you, of course, Sally, for sure, Ryan, oh yes, Carly; when she's back from wherever the gymnastic team has been on tour; oh, and Jennifer too." Rattling off their names; looking over at Catherine, who's turning her head slowly from side to side where she says, "That's only five," she says.
"I do have to rest; you know," replying.
"You are so fucking full of shit, Swaggart!" She stabs me, where she falls back into that silent mode of minutes ago.
"Sandy, stopping her oral nursing on my clit; where I cried out, NO! "Catherine suddenly came out with that. "
"Where she just ignored me by standing up with me trying to keep from slipping off the edge of the bed. "Get them off, she told me, about the same time her hand wipes across her chin and mouth and where I had to pull my legs together to work my panties off my hips and down my legs; catching them on my heels. "No!" She says. "Leave them; I'll get them," as she saw me starting to reach down to free them. But by then she was already stepping out of her dress and picking mine up off the floor to lay them together across a nearby chair. And right after that, she reached behind her unhooking her bra where it landed on the dresses. Then wriggling her panties down and off where they followed her bra.
"Shoes, Catherine?"
"Shoes?" Catherine's asking. To a quick at me then back to the road.
"Yes Catherine, a classic," replying.
'You're losing me Swaggart!" she came back.
'Both of you..., your heels on; a classic porno theme -- naked women wearing high heels." telling her.
"NO..., Bobby!' I get, her smacking the steering wheel, laughing out loud.
"Have I called you a pig, yet?" I get now.
"Let me count the times tonight, Catherine; that I haven't heard that from you.
"It's no, Swaggart," she says. "Sandy's came off somewhere between her eating my pussy when she was on her knees doing that and taking the rest of her clothes off. Mine she pulled off when she was working my panty's from around and off my heels," she tells me. "Where those were tossed to the side and my heels came off right after that.
"Sandy getting off her knees it's with her, "Move back, move back," she's telling at the same time crawling on top of me where it was, arms, legs, hands, fingers all of it wrapping up in each other as we rolled all over that bed; both of us almost falling of it, one time. I had never been in such a erotic and passionate entangled mess with one woman as we were in those minutes. And there's no way to describe the combinations except; I didn't know my body was that flexible!" Giggling to herself, her head turning from side to side with it.
"When all of sudden from where I was with Sandy is when I saw Richard; he was sitting in a chair close by, but not next to the bed. It shocked me because I didn't hear or see him until that very moment. Where it was Sandy close to my ear asking if I was okay? And where she looked over me to see what I was seeing. She immediately move so she could stay close to me; "He will leave if you're uncomfortable with him being here; she was telling me."
"I told her no, I was okay, that it just surprised me; never knowing he was there. But knowing he was there now made a big change in the way Sandy and I were going at each other; it became show time! More sixty-nine time, more of..., everything two women can do with each other when they're way past caring who sees it and Richard was seeing me in a way only a few of my closest girlfriends would see me!"
Which has me, instantly wondering..., Oh Boy; what's that?"
"But somehow in what Sandy and I had been doing Richard managed to leave the room, which I didn't hear or see, just like I didn't know he was there before." she tells me. "But, she says, when Richard came back, it was with a totally different look from what he was there before; he was naked and standing next to that same chair he was in just a little while before. And OH.., what a eye full!" She says.
"He must have come around the foot of the bed where he went right back to that chair he left there. And casually standing next to it a few seconds before sitting back onto it, Oh My God; the full Richard, in all his glory; with a very, very nice..., cock! Richard, dark complected, his dark haircut looked recent, the same dark hair lightly spread across his chest and stomach; not hairy, but manly some women would describe it; like Jon," she says. "Richard, also fit, nice, arms, and shoulders, flat stomach, and nice tight ass cheeks. Women Bob, if you haven't heard, think a man with a tight, muscular ass make the best lovers; something about the way they fuck; I heard." she says. "That night Bob, what I heard was true; at least with Richard. And, a compliment to all the other men in my life I've chosen to bring into my sex life as fuck buddies!" She says.
"Fuck buddies! Wow to that, my instant thought. That was a live grenade she just dropped into my lap.
"With exceptions," I hear now. "You Swaggart, are the most exceptional of all, to what I just said," she's telling me. "And don't let that go to your head, either!" She comes right back.
"Exceptional?" She says of me? Oh yeah, the one she's in love with!
"Should I continue, she ask, or have I told you enough," she's asking, now that we're stopped at a red light with me looking around realizing we're a couple of blocks off the north, south interstate that follows the west side of the river.
"Yes Catherine," telling her. "it sounds like you were about to have..., a very exciting night." Then laughing at the obvious.
"What's so funny, Swaggart?" She asked.
"Just my thought, Catherine, and yes, this is turning me on; listening to you. Where she laughs out loud, calling me a pig again.
"You're serious; right Swaggart." she asked.
"Very serious, Catherine," replying. "Oh, and the light has turned green too," reminding her.
"Okay, she says, hang on." I get, as she accelerates away from the light.
"Richard was sitting back in the chair I realized without any arms, which..., allowed him to sit with his..., legs slightly apart where it was Sandy distracting me back to her but I was past that. So looking back to Richard..., oh yes..., because he was openly masturbating; more than a, Oh My God, I thought." She says.
"Now Jon, as I told you," her quick look to me. "likes watching me masturbate, as he's doing the same..., I like doing it, because I knew I was doing something he liked; watching me. The ending being the same with my orgasm; which I have every time because I would get turned on by what we were doing. Where it ended for him like I've told you." She repeats to me.
"But watching Richard was a whole...new turn on for me. Here, this very handsome sexy man, practically still a stranger with only hours since we first met. Is now very openly showing off his substantial, very hard cock to me; I wanted it!"
Her saying that..., I certainly hear!
"And no sooner had that thought of mine manifested itself, she says. "Then he was up, coming over to the bed and getting onto it, where he leaned in close to my face with his, "Hello Catherine, then he kissed me lightly on my lips, followed by my, "Hello Richard. Where he kissed me harder, then harder, until it just exploded, everything at once it seemed. His hand, over my chest, gently kneading my breast, my nipples were so hard he actually said later, he thought they would pop off into his palms. And oh those hands; Richard has nice hands, down over my belly, over my pubic..., over my fat camel toe that you Swaggart, call it." She says.
"His finger..., oh his fingers, over it, through my slit, over my.., over my clit. My 'girly dick' Swaggart that you call it. Richard loved it too. His mouth..., oh my god his mouth, doing..., doing wonderful things to it!" She's telling me this?
"Catherine, where was Sandy, asking her, was she there?"
"Yes," She replies, "she was still there, laying on her side watching me with her husband..., Oh my god!" She suddenly says."How kinky does that sound, Swaggart," she says now. The wife of the man who's playing with me and soon, almost fucking my brains out, was watching it all! But at the time, that never entered my mind; I was way into another world by then.
"Richard, suddenly stopping what his magic mouth was doing to my pussy, was up, his hands behind my knees lifting, pushing them back onto me, his weight between them... his cock, I could feel pushing against me, probing against my..., Oh my god I was so wet..., he just opened me up and pushed all the way into me until his belly was right against me. It took my breath away; really. I was actually gasping for air... he was in; my pussy filled with his cock!"
"Here was a man who would change my life; fucking me and I would love it every time we met after that!" She said right to the windshield she was looking through.
What do you think of that, Swaggart? Her words exploded in my head.
"We fucked, my god we fucked..., every which way; on my knees with Richard behind me, gripping my ass as he drove himself back and forth into me, Or him holding himself still while pushing and pulling me back and forth sliding me over his cock. He had me on my side, my leg in the air, as he straddled my other leg saddle like fucking me. Then onto my back once again with him on top of me, holding my legs in the air again with him going at me until he just froze; I mean stopped! I could feel it, every pulse, the extra warmth, the extra fluid wetness, the sound of the groans in his throat; damn, there was a lot of it too.
"Holding his weight off me, he eventually slipped out of me, leaving the feel of his cum running into the crack of my ass. Catherine..., was a very, thoroughly fucked woman; and she loved it!"
It's a shock to my senses, and not to my manhood, and a shock to how she so easily narrated it. I know how she is when we go at it; not much out of limits, just raw, uninhabited fucking! Leaving both of us limp and too weak to want to move. Followed by me, wrapping her up in my arms to long, warm minutes of soft kisses with my arms and legs holding her close and so afraid she'll float away and what happened was just a dream!
Lost in those thoughts I suddenly realize we've crossed town and about to merge onto the east-west expressway where I hope she'll just stop in front of my driveway to let me out.
"You've been awfully quiet, Swaggart," she says, breaking me out of all the thoughts she stirred up.
"I was just thinking, Catherine."
"Oh, she says, that must be something new for you." she bust on me. And I thought maybe it was the car overheating," she's right back with.
Not replying to that jab, it's still looking at the road ahead; the thoughts I was having still there.
"Are You Okay?' She asks now, a note of concern I hear in that.
"Yes Catherine, I'm fine," replying.
"I did go pretty far out there in what I was telling you; but I did..."
"Yes you did warn me; right?" It's not a question, not needing her reply.
"Then what is it," she asks now. "We are still okay..., aren't we?" Her obvious concern in her tone of voice.
"Catherine..., I was turned on by what you were telling me. But I was also trying to form everything you were telling me into..., like a movie unfolding in front of me with me; able to stop it, reversing parts to play that part back again; I can do that Catherine; I can really do that!" Telling her.
"And yes, my feelings for you haven't changed a bit!"
The car, speeding along much faster than I would if I were driving it, but riding with her is certainly a thrilling experience. That sprint to her sisters apartment house; snowy streets, red light running, a very angry Catherine behind the wheel of this very car. But tonight there's no ice on the road or red lights to run on this stretch of expressway; just deer; full grown, well fed deer, who never look both ways before running across the road. And lucky tonight, none have..., so far!
And now, with an easy sigh of relief, she's slowing down to make the turn onto the road that will take us to my house. "You were worried, Swaggart?" I hear her asking.
"What?" Replying.
"Never mind," she returns. As we're already turning into my driveway to suddenly stop; "Your flag is up," she's telling me.
"Flag?"
"Yes Swaggart, she says, the flag on your mailbox is up; so I guess you have some mail; you think? ' She says.
Oh..., then I guess I better check; you think?" Back to her. Now opening the car door; uncoiling myself in order to get out, closing the car door behind me, but no sooner doing that, then she's pulling away up the driveway where the outside garage lights come on with center garage bay door rolling up where Catherine drives her car inside; I did give her a spare remote.
Retrieving what mail is in the mailbox; lowering the flag, it's the walk up the driveway and into the open garage bay, pushing the button that begins the rolling of the door closed, shutting out the cold.