Couple explores the kinky side for night.
*
A late night TV show triggered a bet with my wife while we were watching a program about Kink Bed & Bath. The program featured a woman dressed in a red leather harness bra top and a leather bikini bottom being lead around by a dog collar, I said "I can't imagine you doing that, you're too conservative.
"You would be surprised what I might do in that environment."
It might have been the margaritas talking, "I'll bet you wouldn't last an hour."
"Think so? Well, I'm ready to put my money where my mouth is, How about you?"
I usually decline to bet her because she always seems to win, but this one I figured I could win.
"Ok you're on, if you lose you pay for dinner at Morton's, if you win you can have a weekend at that spa you are always talking about."
We were planning to travel out to San Francisco in a few weeks, then going up the coast to visit friends in Santa Rosa and see wine country. So I searched for a Kink B&B in San Francisco for a one night experience.
I told Susan I made reservations at a Kink B&B and she almost looked like she would back out. I didn't tell her I talked to the host and told her about our bet and how I wanted to test her for at least an hour. She said it's often her experience that once someone tries it they are hooked and will go on all day once just they are properly acclimated. She said she would make the experience a memorable one for us both.
"Exactly where is this B&B?"
"It's not in the downtown area and has its own parking. It's a motor lodge."
I showed her an online picture of the room and it looked like any other motel room, TV, shower, etc.
"It doesn't appear kinky, you sure you got the right place?"
In the pictures people are walking around dressed normally not a hint of kinkiness.
Once we landed in San Francisco, we picked up our rental car and set off for the B&B.
Pulling up to the entrance of the motor lodge Susan asked, "Anything look out of the normal to you?
"No, it looks spotless and well maintained?
"Did you notice the flags?"
"Yes, they seem very festive with all the multi colors."
She looked at me in disbelief, "They are gay pride flags."
It still didn't click with me until I saw the desk clerk, Dan, in his leather harness outfit complete with leather chaps.
"Oh, shit", I thought to myself, this is for real.
The Dan was nice enough although I didn't really want to see his ass hang out. By now Susan was look at me with that "what did I get myself into" look. We were informed that our host will met us in an hour after we get settled in our room. Dan said he would show us to our rooms and to follow him. I could see Susan watching his ass as he walked down the hall to the elevators, she looked amused, probably because she knew it made me uncomfortable.
After Dan showed us the room, he said come back down and meet our host, "Mistress Crystal"
After Dan left Susan just burst out laughing, "You should have seen your face walking behind Dan."
"Mistress Crystal, what a hoot. This is like a grade "d" porn movie, I hope it gets better."
Susan took a shower and put on short shorts and a tank top sans bra. Nothing kinky here yet.
Dan led us to a small room in the back of what appeared to be an event room. Neither room looked like anything kinky, no racks, stocks or chains just a plain room where you could have a birthday party. I was beginning to think this was the wrong place, but then Mistress Crystal appeared, her high heel boots clicking on the tile floor as she strode over to us.
Mistress crystal wasn't what we expected, she was drop dead gorgeous about 5'5" and somewhat petite, long brown hair and dressed in a white latex top and matching short skirt that just about covered her pussy. The top was so form fitting you could see her nipples straining to be free. She held a leather riding crop and pointed it at Susan, "Is she the subject?"
"Uh, yes it's me."
"That's yes Mistress." She said in a husky voice that commanded obedience.
She didn't look anything like her voice and her stare was seriously wicked. You immediately knew she was in command and wouldn't take any shit from anyone.
Susan playing along, "Yes Mistress?"
She ran the crop over Susan's body, starting at her neck and down to her crotch. She used crop to lift up her shirt to just below her breasts. Susan started to say something, but mistress put the crop to her mouth to shush her objections.
"Remember to address me as Mistress, and never speak unless asked."
Susan nodded that she understood, she was going to play along even though it appeared to be a prank.
Mistress Crystal explained as she touched Susan's neck with the crop, "You will be down here promptly at six o'clock to change into your evening attire. If you are late you will be punished, understood? Tonight you be will part of the fiesta, with the other subjects and I will be guiding your training. Are you a willing subject, ready to follow my commands?"
Susan smiling, like it was funny, "Yes Mistress."
"Good, be back here at six," giving me a wink and she turned and left.
"Bob do you know what the attire she is planning for me to wear?"
"No, but I'm sure it's going to be something festive, maybe even colorful."
We better get going and eat dinner so we can be back before six.
There was an enchanting outdoor cafe just around the corner from the motor lodge. We shared some Mexican fajitas and enchiladas, washing it down with pitcher of sangria. Susan drank at least three full glasses, like it was drinking grape juice.
While we eating things were happening in the street, barricades blocked off the traffic, people were putting up banners and decorations. It looked like the fiesta was going to be here in the street.
Susan's legs were wobbly when she got up, "That was some strong grape juice."
Fortunately we only had to walk around the corner to get back.
We arrived a few moments before six and Mistress was waiting for us. "Good, you made it right on time, I thought I would have to punish you right off the bat."
Susan looked at me and whispered, "Punish, sure glad that didn't happen. We B good."
Mistress Crystal took what looked like a black leather studded dog collar and moved to Susan, as she fastened it around her neck. "You will be wearing this for the night."
Then she attached a leash to the collar, "Come along slave, it's time to change into your party clothes."
Susan didn't move fast enough for Mistress. "Whack" across her butt with the crop got her attention. Now Susan trotted along behind Mistress into the back room.
"Take off your clothes slave."
Mistress was about to give her another whack for noncompliance, but Susan quickly disrobed down to her panties.
"Off with them too."
"But, I..."
Before she could complete the sentence, whack with the crop across her butt.
Standing naked before Mistress Crystal, she didn't know what to try to cover up, her tits or pussy.
Mistress pushed the crop to her crotch, "That thing could use a good trim, it looks like an out of control forest down there."
Susan occasionally trimmed for bikini time, but that was only in the summer. Now someone was looking at her bush and commenting on its neatness or lack of neatness. The thought of it all made her blush. She could only wait for her comments on her lack of tits, they were small but Bob always said they were the right size.
Just as she was thinking about them as the crop flap poked at her right puffy nipple, just the touch made her nipple get hard, something she was not expecting.
The other nipple was prodded next and played with the crop flap. Mistress just jiggled it up and down like a toy.
Dan came into the room with box full of some black leather objects and Mistress told him to dress the slave for the party. She started to object to Dan's presence, but Mistress commented that Dan had no interest in tiny tits and an unkempt forest.
First a black leather blindfold was put on so Susan could not see what Dan was putting on her. Dan then proceeded to put on a leather open cup bra and open harness for panties. They were nothing more than a few strips of leather covering nothing. Her wrists were secured behind her with matching leather cuffs chained together. Susan's tits and bush were fully on display, but Mistress said she was covered and almost ready for the party.
Susan could feel the cool breeze on her nipples and crotch, thinking I couldn't really be covered, could I? Was her body on display, no she thought its some physiological trick they are playing on me? They surely would not display her naked body for all to see.
Mistress brought Susan into the room, such a sight, Susan naked with the only thing covered were her eyes.
"Well what do you think of the slave's costume?"
"Its, ... " grasping for words, "just right."
"Bob, do I really look ok, I'm not really naked on display?"
Crack went the crop on her ass before I could answer.
"Slave did I give you permission to talk?"
"No Mistress, I'm sorry."
"It looks like you need something else", as she put a red ball gag in her mouth.
"That will keep you quiet, Slave."
Neither of us expected the next part, Mistress lead Susan out the door into the street which now filled with people. Guys and gals in leather, some on leashed some not. Susan did not look out of place because lots of people were similarly dressed or undressed.
Mistress led Susan by the leash to the street with the café were we ate dinner. She slowly paraded her by the diners so they could all see her new Slave. She stopped by a few to allow them to grope her tits and feel her ass. Susan was trying to object but only muffled sounds came out, the more she tried talk the more she drooled down her front. A trail of saliva was slowly moving across her chest making its way downwards toward her puffy nipples.
By now Susan realized that she was naked and her outfit didn't cover anything. She wanted to tell Mistress Crystal to stop she didn't want to continue, but the words just didn't come out. She tried to stand still and not move when she was led by the leash, she just got another swat with the crop. The crop produced a red strip on her ass, Mistress wasn't playing.
Every time Mistress stopped, someone felt Susan's body, some just tweaked her nipples and caressed her butt cheeks. A few even inserted their fingers into her now wet pussy, the more she wiggled trying to resist, the deeper their fingers went inside.
Her body betrayed her, she was a few more minutes from having an orgasm, and hopefully the next person would grope her until she could get a release.
As if Mistress Crystal knew what she was thinking, she removed the gag and blindfold.
"You can asked the next person to get you climax, you know you need it. Make sure you say please. "
Mistress led her to a table in the outdoor café, she motioned to Susan to ask the couple to get her off.
Susan was torn, on one hand she needed the release, her pussy was screaming to have an orgasm. On the other she was standing naked outside in a public place in front of two strangers and one step from asking them pleasure her to an orgasm. She just looked at the couple perplexed, everything was telling her to be embarrassed and not ask but her body wanted relief.
All she could think of was getting an orgasm, no matter what she had to do. The couple was maybe in their mid-fifty's and not very attractive to her, under normal circumstances she would not even consider them. She figured that Mistress brought her to them for a reason, maybe she knew them.
In almost a whisper, "Excuse me ... can you help me get ...." she was interrupted by a whack to her ass.
"Sorry, please can you give me an orgasm, I need it so bad." She said much louder.
The couple just looked at Susan, as she started turning red. The embarrassment of asking strangers in public for an orgasm, caused her to wonder if she would go any lower to debase herself.
The man grabbed her hand to pull her closer, maybe he didn't hear her.
"Please sir, can you give me an orgasm?" she asked in a loud voice
"If I do will you suck my cock? It only seems fair, an orgasm for an orgasm."
This was more than Susan bargained for she was about to say no, when the wife said, "It is only fair slave, don't you agree?"
Susan moved closer to the man and nodded her head in agreement for fear Mistress would punish her. His hand went immediately to her pussy and inserted a finger. As his finger brushed past her clit, a lightning bolt went through her body. She jumped in surprise and then relaxed to let him continue to play with her pussy. While he was fingering her, his other hand was tugging at his pants to release his now growing cock.
She was in a sexual trance, the wife inserted a thumb in her ass, and Susan didn't know how to react to the rear end assault. It was working, she could feel the man tweaking her clit while the wife wiggled her thumb in her ass. It was lightning coming from two directions, she was going to come. Mistress Crystal started hitting her puffy nipples with her crop to provide the final lightning bolt.
Susan almost collapsed as the waves of pleasure went through her body. That was the biggest orgasm she ever had in her life. She was standing in public with a thumb in her ass and several fingers in her pussy, feeling more alive than she ever had before.
The man reached up and grabbed her by the neck and guided her head down to his now released cock. She knew what she had to do, take his cock and give him the best blowjob he has ever had. Moving to her knees, she knelt between his legs grasping his semi rigid member and opened her mouth.
This sight was something I never planned, Susan was sucking a stranger's cock while naked in café with people watching. A few cellphone cameras were recording the whole event and it was going to be on the internet in minutes. This went further than I planned, just a simple BDSM experience has went awry. Susan's video of getting an orgasm then sucking a cock in a café, will probably go viral.
Susan did a thorough job on the guys cock, she even went deep throat and let the guy cum in her mouth. The wife thanked her for doing such a fine job on her husband, but now she had to eat her out to complete the deal.
I can't say I ever saw Susan eat pussy, she may have in her college sorority long ago. The woman lifted her skirt and displayed a clean shaven pussy to her. She grabbed her long hair and used it to pull her head and guide it to her slit, before Susan could change her mind she was burrowing her tongue into the stranger's bald wet pussy.
Mistress Crystal kept encouraging her on until she got the woman off.
"You are a natural Slave, you made me proud."
Susan thought she was all done and started to relax and standup.
"Not so fast. Now you can do me, slave."
Mistress lifted her skirt and presented her pussy to be licked. "Come on Slave make me cum."
The couple began to fondle Susan while she ate Mistress out, the man had her tits and the wife was in her ass again. Mistress's notoriety drew more of a crowd once she was recognized.
Susan looked to be in a sexual frenzy while she was eating out Mistress, a man walked up and presented his cock and began to rub on her head she reached up with one hand and grabbed his cock and started pumping it.
Just as Mistress came, Susan had another one herself. She looked up at the man just as he came in her face, spewing a rope of white cum from her forehead to her chin.
"Rub it around, slave ... it's your facial for the night."
Surprisingly Susan complied and smeared the strangers cum all over her face. Not an especially sexy look, cum soaked eyebrows. Then another young guy in long leather coat walked up to her, cock in hand.
"Suck it slave."
"Yes ... Sir." As she reached for his long cock.
I'm thinking this guy must be part horse, that thing is huge. As she sucked the crowd egged her on to take it all in. She tried but there was no way that salami was going down her throat, she kept trying until he pulled out and unloaded cum all over her face.
"Lick it clean Slave." He commanded.
Susan licked the salami clean, then looked up and smiled. The man offered no thank you for sucking his cock or the cleaning. He just walked away.
Mistress patted her on the head and said, "Good Slave, good slave." As she helped her stand up.
"Not bad for your first Slave training, you did well. Much better than I expected, I was sure you would start crying and not continue. "
With that Mistress handed me the leash and told me to enjoy the festivities, she was done with us for the night.
Susan looked at me and I expected her to ask me to take her back to our room, "Show me off, Master."
I wandered around area with Susan for another hour, occasionally stopping and interacting with other "Masters".
Susan stayed next to me like she was my obedient slave. After getting back to our room and showering, Susan wanted to be fucked after she put her harness back on. It truly was a kinky experience and Susan got to explore another side of her sexuality, which was hidden for all these years. I wonder if she will be my slave once we get home and she has her spa weekend.