If you haven't read "The Adventure Vacation" maybe take the chance and do it now. Same characters but who knows the shenanigans they will get into. The sex will come, but it won't be fast. If you want quick action, this won't be for you.
Chapter 1
I heard the ringback tone in my ear three times before I heard her soft but cheery voice pickup "Hello? Bobby?" my Mom cheerfully answered her phone, clearly seeing it was my number on the screen first.
"Hey Mom!" I replied. "Packing up to head home and just wanted to check in." I told her.
"Cant wait to see you babe. Hurry home but drive safely." she cautioned.
"See you soon. Love ya." I said.
"Love you too..." she trailed off as we both hung up.
I looked around my dorm room, empty with just a backpack left for me to grab and I would head out. So much had happened since we went to the inclusive resort, and returned home. When we arrived home from our flight 4 years ago Mom had sucked my dick in the car on the way home. We planned to keep the lines of communication open but that was the last time we fooled around. It just sort of didn't work at home like it did. I still jerked off thinking about her body, the way her mouth felt on my cock, her pussy's taste and smell and all the fun we had that week, it just didn't happen again. We talked about it several times but it is what it is. I think she felt guilty doing that in our home. Add to the fact that I found some motivation and decided to go to college. I just finished up my 3rd year and was looking forward to spending the summer at Mom's, regardless of what we might or might not do sex wise. I grabbed my bag, checked for last minute items and headed down to my car. Hugs and goodbyes to friends that were still packing up were had and soon I was on the 2 hour drive home. I set some music on and just drive, enjoying being done with school for a few months.
I pulled into the driveway soon enough and parked next to her car. I grabbed the few bags I had and when I turned to head up to the front door was met by...
"So good to see you!" she said, with a smile that would light up the neighborhood at midnight. She had on her standard, yoga pants and a sports bra. It seemed like all she wore these days- but I didn't mind. Her 38DD's were proudly displayed and her shapely ass looked amazing in the yoga pants. Her hair was the same as it was during our epic week a few years ago- brown and shoulder length. She looked like a mom, but like a hot mom. Like a hot mom I had fucked and sucked a few years earlier.
"Hi Mom. Good to see you too." I said and did the half hug thing as she took one of my bags.
"Is this all of it?" she asked.
"Yep. Small room so I don't have much at school." I told her as we walked up the path to house, chatting about traffic and regular stuff.
"Head to your room, drop your stuff and lets have dinner! Take you out to Jimbo's Burger, just like old times?" she said with her trademark smile.
"Sure thing." I hollered as I headed to my room. I opened the door and saw an envelope on the bed with my name scribbled in my mom's handwriting. Setting my things down I opened the envelope and saw it was a few sheets of printed paper but it was a cruise! Mom had booked a cruise to... the Bahamas!? Looking further it was a 5 night cruise with three stops in the Bahamas on a major cruise line. One stateroom, with two twin beds it said, and had both our names on it. It leaves tomorrow!? Grabbing the papers I skipped to the living room where she was sitting on the couch, waiting, trying to hold back a smile.
"Whats that?" she asked innocently.
"Like you dont know... Is this for real? Tomorrow?" I replied with multiple trains of thought.
"Yea! I wanted to surprise you. Feel like vacationing with your old Mom again?" she said, without any hint of what we did together last time. Images of her pussy flashed in my mind, her face as she lowered to engulf my cock, watching her fuck the friend we made named Ray...
"Well consider me surprised!" I finally snapped to and replied. "Im so excited." I said.
"Good, and are you ready for dinner?" she asked as she got up and tossed a light, crop top style shirt over her bra. We headed out to her car and chatted on the way to our favorite little greasy burger place called Jimbo's and went inside to order. Our food came and our conversation continued while we ate. About halfway through our dinner, Mom looked right at me asked if we could talk seriously about the trip.
"Sure Mom. Whats up?" I told her, giving her my full attention.
"Well, after our last trip, the resort, we said we would keep open communications about the...uniqueness of our relationship." she started, seemingly unsure what to say. I stayed quiet and listened. "I had fun then, and dont regret it at all. I just dont think we should plan for 'that' to happen again." she breathed a sigh and looked at me to gauge my reaction.
"I noticed the twin beds in the reservation, and I dont regret it either, and I agree with you." I spewed all my thoughts out at once, which was met by a smile from her.
"Ok. I mean, it was fun but certainly unconventional." she said with a laugh.
"To say the least Mom." I said, secretly unsure how I felt. I wouldn't want to force her at all or guilt her into sex but I would participate if she wanted to. At any rate she did such a nice thing by booking the cruise and I am sure we will have a blast no matter.
"Well, I'm glad we agree. Thank you for understanding." she said.
My mind suddenly went back to that resort hotel room sitting in the corner with Mom's damp panties in my hand watching her with Ray...
"Earth to Bobby..." Mom said, waving her hand around.
"Oh sorry. Just day dreaming." I told her.
She smirked and asked "Anything interesting? And feel free to tell me the truth."
"Uhm I guess, just thinking about our last trip a little bit." I admitted, feeling my face go flush.
"Oh yea? What part?" she asked, with a wide grin.
"A few different parts, a little about you and Ray, to be honest...." I trailed off, embarrassed to have admitted that to her. Not sure why, she watched me eat her cream pie after fucking him in front of me- so I dont know why this was so over the top for me.
"Oh that was a fun evening!" she exclaimed with a big smile.
"Have you stayed in touch by chance with him?" I asked, really unsure what the answer would be. I knew they exchanged numbers but its been so long now.
"Uhm, yea we have," she said quickly and without any details.
"You talk a lot? Or see each other?" I quizzed her.
"Well, I'm done with my burger, if you are too, maybe this conversation is best had in private." she stated plainly.
We got in the car and I just looked at her. She met my eyes and said "Oh so I guess this is private." and giggled. Almost as if I wouldn't remember we had just talked about it. She began driving home and told me they had stayed in contact and had met a few times. "Remember I went out of town a month or so ago?" she asked.
"Yea, I thought you said it was to meet a friend from high school." I said, thinking back to the weekend she was gone.
"Well, it was to meet Ray. We met for a weekend of...adult things." she said with a smile as she referenced how we justified our sexual dalliances those year ago.
"Oh and you had fun I presume?" I asked unsure how she might answer.
"Oh we had fun baby!" she said not giving too many details. I didn't ask as it seemed weird to ask for more details of my mom's sex life. I was glad she had a friend she could spend time with though.
"Well, that's good. Weird circumstance, but it's good." I told her.
"I'm glad it doesn't make you upset. I like him. Not to date, but fun to spend time with, doing adult things." she said with a grin as she pulled into the garage.
We hustled up to pack our bag as we had to be at the terminal around 10 the next morning. I got my stuff ready and ensured I knew where my passport and stuff was and came wandering out to the living room a few hours later. I was met by my mom who was sitting on the couch wearing a t shirt. Now growing up mom always wore a t shirt around the house- it was oversized and went down to her knees practically. It was her nightgown for all intents and purposes, but it had provided me with some great looks at her thighs over the years. Most nights she had panties underneath, I can recall a few times growing up she didn't and I got some views of her goodies, but this seemed normal to me.
"All ready to sail?" she asked.
"Yea! You?" as I plopped down in a chair across the room.
"Yea, all ready. Mostly bikinis and shorts but I have a nice dress or two for dinner each night." she told me. We got into talking about the different ports we were going to: Nassau the first stop, Princess Cays which is an island the cruise ship owns that sounds super cool and then Bimini on the last stop which is public island but not built up like Nassau is. Mom was telling me about some shops we could visit and how she hoped the water was the same pretty color she had seen before and all the while I was stuck in my own mind. I was thinking about what her pussy tasted like, and the noises she made while she got fucked. She had the best little gasp the first time a dick was inserted into her luscious pink box. My eyes must have wandered to her thick creamy thighs that were sneaking out from under her shirt hem.
"Earth to Bobby!" she exclaimed, with a comforting smile.
"Oh yea, I can't wait to see...the...sights and stuff on the trip Mom." I stammered, feeling embarrassed I got caught checking her out. At least she can't read my mind right?
"Well I guess you heard some of what I said." she chided me playfully. "What were you thinking about?" she quizzed.
"Nothing Mom." I quickly lied. "Happy to be here and looking forward to the trip," I finished.
"Mmhmm." she said.
"We always have fun together Mom. Last trip was great." I said, and instantly regretted it.
"Baby, I had fun last trip too. This one should be different though." she said with a smile. "Its not right what we did last time. I don't regret it but I think we should have a more traditional relationship." she finished.
It seemed like she was set of no more sexy times between us, which is fine. I just need to jerk off tonight and get my mind right.
"Of course Mom. Sorry to bring it up, I know where we both stand." I told her confidently.
"Good then, so if you're done gawking at my thighs, we can discuss the trip some more?" she smiled as she confirmed I was busted.
I confirmed with her that I was back to the planning phase and we chatted about the ports and plans for the next hour or so.
I yawned first, but she continued the trend. We were both tired and had some travel to do tomorrow morning to get to the port. It was a 30 minute drive or so from her house.
"Tired?" she asked, almost excited to be able to go to bed.
"I am, very." I answered, noticing how pretty she was. Not like porn star hot, but like sexy mom pretty. Way better than porn star hot I think.
She shifted her weight to get up and while doing so opened her legs a little and her shirt rode up and I got an eyeful of her red lacey panties. I noticed them, and she noticed me noticing them.
"Oops!" she said and quickly stood to let her shirt fall.
"Sorry Mom. It just kinda happened and I just kinda got caught looking." I told her in a bit of honesty.
"It's ok. Not like you haven't ever seen it before." she said with a giggle. I saw her eyes scan down my torso and stop on my shorts with an obviously hard cock in them. "That must have just happened too I guess." she teased.
"Umm, yea. Sorry." I said as I shifted in my chair. Unable to get up but yet wanting to run away.
"I seem to recall though, a few times in our lives together, that you really liked my panties." she said in a matter of fact way. "Maybe you can find a use for these..." she said with the same tone as she pulled the hem up. I saw her gorgeous thighs encased in a red lace thong. She turned, almost a 360 in front of me, then facing me, looked me in the eye and hooked her thumbs in both sides and yanked them down her long legs. Her shirt was being held up by her chin and she stepped out of the panties I saw her bare pussy until she dropped the shirt. She tossed the panties on the couch she was just sitting on, turned toward her room and walked away. I was speechless.
"Good night babe." she said as she strutted into the hallway. "Gotta leave tomorrow by 9." she reminded me.
"Good, go--good night Mom." I mumbled. I heard her door close and I kept up to get the prized panties. I pushed them to my nose and inhaled while at the same time jabbing my tongue in the gusset to get a taste. I high tailed it to my room, stripping almost as soon as I entered. My cock was rock hard as I laid on my bed, inhaling the prized panties yet another time.
I reached down and started touching my cock, and squeezing my balls a little bit while enjoying my moms scented panties. I started stroking and suddenly I heard something. It was faint, but maybe it was there. I stopped stroking my dick and pulled my mom's panties off my face and focused my ears. There it was again- a squeak, and then another.
"Ohhhh." I heard mom utter from her room. She was masturbating too! I listened hard and heard her squeaking bed, and her low moans. I listened as my cock got even harder and I practically ate her panties. The scent the taste, the view I had before bed and now to hear her moans of pleasure as she fingered herself down the hall from my room.
She came, louder than I guessed she would, before me but not by much. I blew my load into her panties 30 seconds after she got quiet and drifted off to sleep.
Chapter 2
The alarm I set went off and I slowly opened my eyes, still naked from the night before. I looked to my right and saw the red thong. I thought it was a dream, but evidently that part happened. I got my shit together and got dressed enough to get down the hall to the shower.
"Good morning. Shower?" mom shouted, hearing my door opening,
"Yea, I won't be long though and I will be ready." I called back to her as I slinked into the bathroom and turned the water on. After my shower I made it back to my room, hearing Mom busily working away with whatever she was doing in the kitchen and got dressed for the day. I grabbed my bag that I packed for the cruise and headed out to the living room. When I got there, my jaw dropped.
"Hey Mom." I said taking in her outfit. She had on a bikini that I had not seen before. It was essentially to nipple covers connected with string and a small fabric triangle over her pussy.
"Hey babe. Sleep good? Ready for a fun trip?" she said with her trademark smile.
"Yea, it should be good." I replied, still looking at her.
"I am going to wear shorts and t-shirt over this, but does it look ok? Am I too old to wear something like this?" she asked.
"No way. You look awesome!" I told her probably sounding as excited as I felt.
"Well I have a couple others in case I chicken out." she told me with a giggle. She moved to the couch to grab her shorts and shirt to cover up for the drive to the port.
"Weird to sleep in your old room?" she asked as I chugged some milk for breakfast.
"Not really. It was a place to sleep." I told her acting nonchalant as my mind was filled with her soft moans and squeaky mattress from the night before.
"Well good. I want you to feel comfortable here still, even after not living here for awhile. Can i have my panties back? I'd like to get them in the dirty laundry pile. Also, hope that was alright." she asked.
"Oh yea. I can get them. I wasn't sure what to do with them." I said as I got back to my room and grabbed the now cum crusted panties. Fuck I thought, how can I give these back to her. They look like they were doused in cum. I bit the bullet and walked back to the living room. She smiled when she saw me come back and motioned to the basket next to the couch with some of her other clothes in it.
"Thanks babe." she said without any hint of embarrassment.
"Sure thing Mom. Thanks for being cool about it." I said trying to show her the same level of maturity she believed I had.
"That isn't a big deal. As long as I get them returned I dont mind if you borrow them." she told me.
"Oh ok. Maybe I will, if it comes up I guess." I tried to play it cool.
We loaded the car and headed to the coast with my mind racing about our last conversation, but my mouth providing the correct level of small talk with my Mom. We pulled into the parking garage soon enough and we started the process of checking in and boarding the ship. Our room wouldn't be open to us for a few hours but the pools were supposed to be open and the restaurants were as well. We would have plenty to do.
We went straight to the pool once we made it on board and grabbed some lounge chairs. Mom stretched out next to me and we both laid and enjoyed the sun a little bit.
"Are you going to, ya know, wear that bikini or are you chicken?" I asked her in a teasing voice.
She pulled her shades down, looked around the pool deck, stopping on every single hot young lady that was in a teeny tiny bikini and then flopped her head back down and said "I dont know. I dont really fit in to the crowd ya know?"
"I think you looked great today, but dont plan to pressure you at all. Whatever you want to do." I told her as I got back into the book I was reading. A few minutes later I heard her shift as she stood up. She pulled her top off, and I could se her nipples harden under the small fabric covers. I wasn't sure if she was chilly or turned on- but either way I noticed those perfect nipples hidden under the triangles. I dropped my book a little to ensure I had a good view of what was coming next. I heard a loud sharp inhale as she unbuttoned her shorts and pulled them down. She plopped back into the lounge chair next to me.
"There? Are you happy?" she said with a laugh. "Hope people dont make fun of me and my old body." she trailed off.
"Mom! You look amazing. Just relax and have fun. And yes, I am happy. I got to see the hottest chick on the boat get down to her bikini." I told her as I started to read again.
"You are crazy..." she trailed off as she enjoyed the warmth on her skin.
Awhile later I noticed I was feeling parched and got up to run to the buffet for some water. "Do you want a cup of water Mom?" I asked her.
"That sounds great sweets, thanks." she confirmed she wanted some as I walked off to grab some beverages.
I entered the dining room and went to make my way to the water station and filled a cup. As I chugged it I heard a voice next to me, getting some water.
"Hey. Should be great weather huh?" the voice next to me said. I looked and it belonged to a man who looked a bit older than me.
"Oh yea. I hope so. Some sun and fun is sounding pretty good right about now." I made small talk with him.
I learned his name Brian and he was here with his wife. IT was there fight cruise and they were both looking forward to some relaxation.
"I wish my wife was as liberal as yours is with swimwear though. Hope you dont mind me saying that. I noticed her on the pool deck." he said, insinuating my Mom was my wife.
I wasn't sure how to respond to him, and just ended up saying "I hope you enjoy your cruise, and your wife too. I should get back." as I gathered waters for us both and walked back to the pool deck.
"Yea, you too!" Brian called out.
My mind was racing again- a common action these days- but this time about this guy thinking we were married. I wish I thought, if I was married to Mom we could fuck without it being some big weird thing between us.
"Here you go." I said as I set the water down on the ground next to her lounger and took my place next to her.
"Thanks babe. How was the dining room?" she asked.
"It was nice." I chuckled loudly, still thinking of Brians comment.
"Whats so funny Mister? Making fun of my bikini now that you've seen the other young hotties out here?" she asked.
"No. Weird conversation that still has me laughing. It's nothing." I told her.
"Well tell me. I like laughing." she said.
"This guy came up to me and said hi. He told me he wishes his wife was willing to wear the bikinis that my wife is wearing." I told her. "He was obviously impressed with you." I finished.
"Oh my god!" she laughed. "What did he say when you said I was your mom, not your wife?" she asked.
"Well I didn't tell him. I just kinda hoped he had a good day and walked away." I told her, unsure how she would respond.
"Oh you didn't!?" she asked, incredulously. "Why wouldn't you?"
"Well, I dont know. I figured it couldn't hurt anything. We won't probably ever see him again." I told her, unsure why I didn't tell him.
"Hmm. Ok. I guess it doesn't matter." She said as she flipped to get sun on her backside. "Room should be open soon." she said checking her watch.
I spent the next hour or so pondering why I didn't tell the guy she was my mom and not my wife. I still didn't know. I mean I had had a sexual relationship with her already and it was amazing. I would absolutely have a similar sexual rendezvous with her if she wanted it, but he didn't and wouldn't know that. Why not be honest with him?
"Rooms ready, or at least ti should be. Want to go check it out?" I heard Mom say.
"Sure!" I replied, standing up and grabbing my backpack I was carrying on the ship. Mom jumped up and I thought she would get dressed, but she grabbed her bag, with her shorts and top in it and stood waiting for me to head off.
"Oh you're ready?" I asked, almost expecting her to want to cover up.
"Yea, I dont care if people see me like this. If my husband doesn't mind, why should I?" she said with a guttural laugh and her trademark smile.
"Alright alright. I should have told him. Maybe it won't come up again?" I offered with hope.
Mom started walking toward the elevator with me behind her just a step, admiring her ass. She wasn't old, but she was my mom. She was approaching 50 but looked significantly younger than that. She had the body of a 35-40 year old woman for sure. Perky tits, nice heart shaped ass and long shapely legs. I noticed several sets of eyes on her as we walked across the deck to the elevator bank to head to our floor. We stepped on the elevator and she went on first, then me. We were the only two in the car and we headed from the 10th deck to our floor- the 3rd deck. The elevator stopped at 9, two other passengers got on. Then again at 7, and three more piled in. It was starting to get crowded. I shimmied my way to the far back corner and hoped no one else would enter. It stopped at 5 and two more got on. We all kind of made some movements and somehow Mom ended up in front of me. She stepped backwards into me and I felt the warmth of her back against my arm and then felt the curve of her ass against me shorts. My cock started to get hard, and she gave me one of those half turn looks and giggled.
I leaned forward and decided to acknowledge it "sorry." I whispered.
"No worries sweets." she said back and then pushed her ass a little harder into my now rock hard cock.
The elevator stopped at 4 and most got off, then it stopped at our floor and we made our way out.
"I forget how great it was to be young." she said as we walked down the corridor toward our assigned stateroom.
"What do you mean Mom?" I asked.
She slowed and turned toward me "rock hard at the drop of a hat. Enjoy that. It won't be like that forever." she said, motioning toward my dick.
"Oh. Got it." I said, feeling a mix or embarrassment and pride.
"Here we are!" she exclaimed. "Room 3245." as she grabbed the key pack, broke the seal and opened the room. We walked in and looked around. I saw our bags had been delivered by the room attendant, I saw a bathroom door, I saw a king bed, I saw the cabinets and the TV. Wait, a king sized bed?
"Oh look at that." Mom said as she points to the bed. "I thought I specified two beds instead of one. Maybe we can find the room attendant to fix it for us?" she suggested.
"Sure Mom. I'm sire he is close by and would fix it up for us." I offered.
"I am a little tired actually. I was thinking shower and then maybe a nap. We can get it fixed tonight. Is that ok? Interested in a nap? Willing to share?" she kept asking.
"The sun took it out of me. I could go for a nap. I dont mind sharing, of course." I told her with a smile of my own.
"Ok then, mind if I shower first?" she asked. I nodded my approval and she took a step toward the bathroom, pulling her strings on her top with her back to me. She tossed her top on the chair in the corner and then pulled the bottoms off. That was so nonchalant- so natural. She was walking away from me, but she was naked! And she didn't seem bothered at all.
"Showers free!" I heard her cheerily say a few moments later. I had laid on the bed and lost track of the time. I sat up and was greeted by my naked mother walking toward her side of the bed, where her bag was.
"Wow, um I mean, ok." I stammered as I got up.
"Sorry, my stuff was in here. Figured you wouldn't mind. I mean a husband and wife should be comfortable around each other." she said with a laugh as she hoisted her bag up to get some other clothes.
"Ugh. You are incorrigible." I sighed and walked into the bathroom, grabbing the shorts I intended to wear after my shower.
"Just teasing." Mom said.
I got in the shower and the image of her naked tits walking toward me was burned in my mind. My cock hardened and I thought this could be a fun week. At least get to see her naked a few times to give me more jerk off material. I got out, without jerking off, and dried myself. I slipped my shorts on and entered the main cabin.
"Alright. Ready for a little nap?" I said as I turned to see her sitting on her side of "our" bed in her trademark t shirt.
"Yep. I'm tired too. Looking forward to relaxing a bunch on this trip." she said as she lifted her hips and slid under the covers. I caught just glimpse of her thighs as her shirt flew up and I wondered if she had panties on.
"Sleep good." I said as I slipped into my side of the bed and turned the light off.
I woke up, looked at my watch and saw it had been 45 minutes. She must have felt my stirring cause she reached for my arm and said "Hello."
"Hey. Sleep good?" I asked.
"Light!" she said loudly, which was a custom in our house growing up before turning on a light so as not too blind the other person. "Slept great." she said ask the lights came on.
"Good. Me too." I told her, still not really being all the way awake.
"Looks like you're awake, or part of you is." she giggled, and then I looked down and realized I had a small tent from my waking up hard on.
"Oh sorry." I said, half rolling to block it.
"Oh hush." she said. "I have seen it, and felt it, and seen it some more, if you recall." she said, pulling my arm back so I was flat on my back.
"Yea, I remember!" I told her, with a smile.
She sat up, and then leaned closer to my face, and said "I love you."
"I love you to Mom. And thanks for arranging this trip." I told her.
She leaned closer and her lips met mine. We kissed. It was a mother/son style kiss. Then maybe the lines blurred as she leaned closer to me with her body. She kissed me and I kissed her back.
"Mmmm." she moaned through our kiss. She pulled back, looked at me and said "Is that ok?"
"That was nice." I told her, affirming that I enjoyed the non-motherly part of the kiss.
She leaned back to me and kissed me again, her tongue slipping past my lips. I parted my mouth and our tongues danced together for a few minutes. She stopped, pulled away, and said "I guess a little extra fun wouldn't kill us this week." as she pulled her shirt off.
I rolled her to her back and took her nipples in my mouth and hands. I roamed across her breasts with my mouth and hands as she leaned back and arched her back. I slowly kissed her body as I headed toward her pussy. I nibbled her thighs, licked her hips and she spread her legs wide for my eager mouth.
"Lick my pussy baby!" she moaned.
I dove in and licked her pussy lips, sucked her pussy lips, licked her clit and finger fucked her pussy. She moaned with pleasure as I enjoyed what I had tasted off her panties the night before. She began to thrash and rhythmically push her pussy against my face and I knew she was close. I doubled down on my efforts and tried to match her pattern until she came, then again, and again. She had several powerful organs waves wash over her body as I lightly licked her spasming pussy and thighs.
"Oh my god!" she moaned. I moved my way up her flushed body and kissed her cheek.
"That was fun." I proclaimed as she caught her breath.
After a few minutes, she turned to me and said "Mommy wants to suck her boy's cock." and pushed me to my back as she climbed on top of me. She pulled my shorts down and out sprang my modest average penis. She engulfed it while keeping our eyes locked on each other. She sucked my dick for 15 minutes before I felt the familiar urge to cum.
"Mom, I'm gonna cum." I warned her not sure if shed want a mouth full of cum or not. She didn't hesitate for a second as she sucked up and down my shaft, and played with my balls.
"Ugh, ugh, ugh..." I moaned as I started spurting my cum into her welcoming mouth. She took the whole load, and swallowed it down like a pro.
"My baby! That was so much fun." she said as she climbed back up to my face and our lips met again. I tasted the faint taste of my cum but didn't care. Our tongues were intertwined and we made out like horny teenagers.
"I need some food. Want to go eat?" she finally said.
"Yea, lets go." I told her. We got up, dressed and grabbed our key cards as we left our room and headed up for a bite to eat.