this is a true story that just happened last night.comments are welcome.
i was awoken last night out of a sound sleep by my wife moaning and shaking, deep in the midst of a violent orgasm. i reached over and felt her hand, still between her legs, covered with her juices and frantically rubbing her hard clit and shaved pussy.she told me how hard she had just come and demanded that i give her my cock as she needed my dick to fuck her hard..."please!" with that she reached over and started pulling on my quickly hardening cock; "give me this cock now, i need it sooooo bad! i just came sooooo fucking hard! fuck me!"i asked her what she was thinking about to get off like that. between her panting breaths she told me that she was imagining me fucking her, slamming my cock in her as she screamed and came...all while somebody was watching the whole thing! "i didnt care, you had me naked and spread out and were fucking me hard right in front of your friend! he was stroking his cock watching us and i was coming all over your dick! god that turned me on!"well it turned me on too! my cock was rock hard as she guided it into her open and drenched pussy. i fucked her mercilessly as she begged me to "fuck my pussy...ohhhh fuck my fucking pussy...i need your cock!"i told her how much it would turn me on to get her naked and spread her open and fuck her in front of someone. i had the perfect person in mind; my friend joel has a perfect cock, i havent seen it for ages but i still have a picture of his hard, smooth cock embedded in my mind. joel likes guys and i know he loves my cock and i know he would get off on seeing my penis pound away at my squirming wife while he stroked his beautiful dick.i have been wishing my wife could see it as i know she would appreciate such a wonderful sight. i could hear her gasp as she watched him take it out while i spread her lips open and slid into her. i could picture her going for her clit as i hammer away while her eyes are glued on joel's big, hard dick!the thought of watching him shoot a fountain of cum into the air while my wife watches and orgasms on my cock was the perfect visual for my own ball breaking orgasm as i contracted and spit load after load deep into my wifes pussy!i am still thinking about it right now and my cock is wanting to burst again! i just had to get this out before i relive it again and come all over myself!