Part 2 : Rescue and Recovery
"Fontane! Watch the volley!"
What a fool I've been. I'd turned my back to the horde. Seizing their opportunity, they quickly knocked their arrows.
"Damn them," I muttered, as I pulled Tammick to his feet, an arrow jutting from his left heel.
I heard the harpy twang of their loose, and shafts lodged themselves in the surrounding mud with a sizzling collection of hisses.
Two grazed me as we ran back toward the convoy, one on the shoulder and the other on the tip of my left ear. I didn't feel this at the time. I had been too focused on getting Tammick into cover.
"Orcin men on the ridge!" Bodin shouted. I turned in time to see his neck split by an obsidian blade.
"How did they know we would come this way?" Tammick asked through his pain.
Just then the slighted sensation gripped me, like a small wind on the hairs of your neck.
I threw Tammick down as a green hand wielding an axe passed between us. It narrowly missed My forearm as I spun around it, ramming Derw Cardan into the half-naked beast's chest. Its purple blood ran down my hands as I ripped my Master's blade free and sent Tammick off running. Satisfied with his cover, I turned to face the remainder of the force. There were twenty in all. We had been a party of 8 but now only Tammick and I stood.
I clasped Derw Cardan, feeling its leather wrappings take in the orc's blood. As it did, Cold washed over me, and all seemed slow. I raised the blade and charged the horde.
The world faded as I fell in between them.
"Freeman!"
The clashes fade, only the vibration on steel in my hand remains.
"Freeman! Wake up!"
My eyes shot open.
Pain. Immense throughout my body. It felt as if molten metal were coursing through my veins, boiling me from the inside.
Beside me sat a woman dressed in white, leafing through a tome, frantically. She was gorgeous. Blonde hair worn up in a braid that tied a ring around her head, her eyes were emerald green, and her body--well it left nothing to be desired, save for being overdressed.
I lifted my hand.
Not good. It was pale, and my veins were a bright orange.
The woman jumped in surprise.
"You are awake!" She said, coming to my side.
I nodded.
"That's good, Freeman." She placed a hand on my cheek. "What is your name?"
A wave of agony took over my body. My body writhed, throwing off any strength I might have had to answer.
"You have been bitten by a vampire. Do you remember? You must stay awake or the venom will take hold."
She really was beautiful. Through the pain, I watched her lips move. Soft lips. The lips of a...
"Wake up, Freeman!"
What did she say?
"I found it! Hang on a little longer."
She began chanting in another language. I watched the rise and fall of her breasts as she did so.
Gorgeous.
I was so tired.
Black.
Cold.
Warm.
Floating.
So this is death.
"Can you hear me?"
I woke again. Next to me was the same woman, but she seemed to sway in an odd way.
My pain was lesser. I tried to probe my body but I couldn't move. I seemed to be floating in some sort of healing fluid.
"Please relax." The woman said, "I summoned a slime to suck out the venom."
A... Slime? Was I?
I attempted to break free, but my fears were confirmed. If a slime engulfed me. I was already dead.
"Relax. The slime will help you breathe."
I felt a prodding at my lips. I tried with all my might to keep my lips shut, but the slime, now wholly in control, forced my mouth open and slid inside. The girth of the thing was incredible, filling up all the space in my throat. Then, with a pop, I was breathing clean air that tasted like oak bark.
"Hello, Fontane." A voice said. It seemed to come from my head.
"Who the hell said that?"
"Me silly. I am Demman, a slime familiar cast by your friend there." The slime said.
"You can hear my thoughts?"
"Not exactly. You see, the nature of vampire venom is that it reaches even the mind, altering it to be more predatory, more one tracked. To remove it from your body, I must go everywhere, even your mind. I don't so much hear them, as much as I feel them."
"Will you devour me?"
"Oh silly. Only if you want me too, but if you mean that I digest your whole body until you are nothing, I'll leave that for wild slimes. Rest assured, I am here to help."
"How can I trust you?"
"If I may be frank, if you do or do not, it makes no difference to me. If I wanted to eat you. I would. Easy as that." Her laughter echoed in my head. "Now. Will you sit still and let me take care of you?"
"What choice do I have?"
"That or become a vampire." She said, "Oh was that rhetorical?"
"Do what you must."
"I will."
I felt a sudden sensation of my blood being pushed down, being replaced by the warm body of the slime. I began to feel lighter, and the pain was replaced with a dull tingle and pressure, all of which seemed to be pooling around my...
I looked down. My cock was twice its normal size and hard as a rock. The slime's body began to roll off of me. It took shape above my lap. It took the form of a voluptuous woman from the waist up. She wrapped her bottom half around me in an amorphous fashion. My cock, visible up to her navel.
It was then that I remembered the woman in white. She was on her knees covering her eyes, her cheeks burning.
"Now." The slime said. This time the voice came from the mouth of the blue slime form. "This is the fun part."
"Is this really the best way?" The woman asked.
The slime condensed around my cock. Tugging at it and wringing it in all directions.
I roared. Pleasure rippled through me. She dispatched a gooey tentacle and wrapped it around my nipple.
"Now, now. Relax Fontane, I will do the rest."
She leaned forward and lifted what would have been her hips, but instead her torso stretched, pulling on me more. Small bits of dark fluid flowed from the tip.
The venom.
"That's it... give it to me..." She moaned.
Do slimes feel pleasure?
It seemed she did as she placed the approximation of a hand onto my chest and bucked her ass up.
There was no friction. The sensation was like being sucked by thousands of whores at once, all vying for my seed.
And that was welling up...
Some more of the venom dripped out before dissolving into her body.
"Is that all of it? Or are you hiding more from me?" Demman panted.
I growled, "If this keeps going, you are likely to get more than you bargained for."
She pressed her translucent lips against mine and whispered, "I'm counting on it."
She slipped her tongue into my mouth, it spun around my own like a snake, reaching every end of my mouth, at times prodding my throat.
I moaned under her warm, wet form, fully giving into her "Treatment."
How bad could it be, anyway?
"What is that I feel?" She started tugging and squeezing my balls.
I slammed my fist at the ground and moaned into the surrounding forest. I looked to the woman in white; she was watching through a crack in her fingers. I couldn't take my eyes away.
"Now, be a good boy and feed me." The slime moaned, "Go on then. Show me what you are capable of, freeman."
She squeezed every inch of me, from tip to base, balls, nipples, tongue. A troll couldn't have resisted.
I gushed into her, my seed making new spirals inside of her with each thick wave, I watched as it floated all the way into her chest. My cock, drained, like an empty water skin.
I laid my head back. My body, a mess of residual convulsion and exhaustion.
"Mmm... Delicious." She said, "I think I shall save some for later."
She kissed my neck, leaving a bit of residue there. Then with a snap she disappeared into a puff of sparks and smoke.
"Oh, my..."
The woman sat, stunned. Transfixed on my spent manhood.
I hid it with my hands and smiled. "Thank you..."
"Valorie."
Her eyes shot to mine.
"I am Fontane."
She nodded, beet red.
"Sorry, my lady. But have you seen my clothes?"
"Oh, yes!"
She seemed to calm her with her hands in motion. She showed me my pack and from it my shirt and trousers.
I stood and dressed, facing away from her, and sat, legs crossed.
"My sword?" I asked.
She became uncomfortable again. Her eyes darted back and forth.
"Tell me." I encouraged.
"The vampires took it as I fought them. They seemed quite interested in it."
"As they should be, it was an oath blade." I stood and stretched. "Thank you for the--"
She blushed.
"Well, thank you."
I grabbed my pack and checked the sun.
"Where are you going?" She asked.
"To find my sword."
"I'm coming with you."
I chuckled, "I appreciate your charity, but I mustn't drag you into this world."
"I saved you."
I see her point.
"And I am ever in your debt."
She stood, and I glimpsed a crest dangling from her neck. She hid it under her blouse.
"If we do not go together, I will follow you and aid you."
"This isn't an argument.*
She summoned a staff capped with quartz.
A healer.
"Alright, but if you feel you can't handle a fight, leave it to me." I said.
She nodded.
We began to walk north in tandem. She walked with a concealed grace. Her dress came down just over her arse and she wore white stockings from the thigh down. The top half was buttoned, much like an officer's coat, all the way up her neck. Her breasts were cramped behind those buttons, making it difficult to make out their size. Fairly conservative.
I supposed she wore shorts below her skirt. That wouldn't be surprising. Long skirts would hinder her, but she had the look of a priest, without the countenance.
Wait...
I stopped.
She carried on a few more steps and turned to me.
"Is everything alright, Freeman?" She asked.
"How did you know to save me?"
The sudden surprise was quickly replaced by a smile.
"Would you believe me if I told you it was an accident?"
"I would not."
She walked over to me, altering her gait from nervous, to confident and sensual. Then she put a hand on my shoulder and said, "I followed you."
I took a step back.
"Why?"
She sighed and summoned her staff.
I lifted a rock.
But she didn't attack. Instead, she conjured a campfire, wooden stools, and a tent.
"Sit." she commanded.
I dropped my rock and did as she bid me.
She remained standing.
"I am a Light Warden. Do you know what that is?"
I shook my head.
"I am--we are an organization of mages, bound by oath to seek out the undead and unnatural creatures of this land."
"I am not undead, or unnatural."
"Are you so certain?" She pointed to the fresh bite on my neck.
"Your slime whore relieved me of that fate."
She didn't acknowledge that. Instead, she sat and looked at me for a few minutes, as if thinking over my worth.
"Did the vampires mention a prophecy?"
I thought back to that night. Lord. Had it only been last night?
"Yes. Something about white blood."
She pointed the quartz end of her staff and my crouch and nodded.
"They were after my seed?"
"They have been tracking you since you left that old fool Tammick. I, in turn, followed them. Doing what I could to keep ahead of them, but the trail went cold. There is a bit of truth to my answer that finding you was an accident. Your horse gave you away, however. It was a hunch you may be sleeping off the storm, but it turns out you had been bedding two wash maidens, then an entire troupe of vampires. With the addition of Demman today, I'd say you were quite the promiscuous man indeed, Mister Fontane."
I smiled at that.
"Why me then, wouldn't any other man do?"
"It was the sword you carried. Derw Cardan. Tammick had no idea what he held. You see, Derw Cardan is more than an ordinary oath blade."
"Get to the point."
"When free man holds oak aloft, the prince of doom will be conceived under a golden moon."
"My seed."
She nodded. "Highly sought after, it would seem."
I shot her my fiercest look, but she smiled.
"Have no fear, freeman. I have no intention of collecting that prize. I doubt you've recovered enough to produce it, anyway."
"I've got plenty. Why should I care if some blood sucking courtesans ran off with a vial or two?"
She sighed and relaxed, flashing the underside of her skirt as she crossed her legs.
No shorts after all.
"The Prince of Doom seems trivial, then?"
"The world wants to end every 10 years or so. Some blonde hero always arrives to put an end to it."
Valorie smirked.
"Shit."
A woman hero. A rare specimen indeed.
She laughed and conjured a crystal glass full of ale.
"Your sword is quite the artifact, Mister Fontane. Should we recover it, I'll see to it that you are made its guardian."
She shook the ale in my face.
The sun had ducked behind the trees and the firelight painted dull patterns on her face and chest.
I accepted the ale.
"So I am to be your squire?"
"Something like that."
She conjured another ale and raised her glass. I did likewise.
We drank.
(Continued in part 3)