It was time for another romantic getaway for Molly and I. As much as we enjoy being around the family, there are times when we need to get away and recapture our youth. This was one of those occasions. We took off for a long three day weekend.
We left for one of our favorite spots. It takes us over two hours to drive there, but well worth the trip. It is a small romantic hotel located along the river. We selected a luxury suite this time close to the bridge and were not disappointed.
We arrived early in the afternoon. The suite was on the fourth floor facing out over the countryside. There were three major rooms in the suite with a fireplace that split the living room from the bedroom. The sitting room was spectacular. It sported a wall of three windows that ran from ceiling to floor.
Molly dropped her things on the bed and made her way over to the windows. Finding the cord, she pulled the curtains back and a panoramic vista of the river started to appear. The sun twinkled off the water below and the meandering river appeared more like a movie on a big screen than a view from a room.
Molly walked over to the center glass and looked out. "Isn't this a beautiful, romantic setting Rusty?"
"Yes." I answered, walking up behind her and placing my hands on her hips. I moved one hand up to caress her neck. Molly leaned her head into my hand and against my fingers. Taking advantage of this I kissed her neck and then her ear. She closed her eyes and let a tiny moan pass over her lips. I moved my other hand up to the top of her dress and cupped her breast. She relaxed into my arms.
We looked out over the river and saw some traffic on the bridge, but no visible people. I moved my hand down her back and found the zipper to her dress. I pulled the zipper slowly down her back watching her reflected smile in the mirrored glass.
"Are you trying to show me off?" She giggled.
"Maybe."
"I guess I won't be able to resist you since you are stronger than me." She teased.
I moved both my hands up to her shoulders and started to push the straps away from her shoulders, letting them slide down her arms. I tugged and the dress fell to the floor. She now stood in the tiniest g-string and lacy bra.
Molly pushed her hips back into my swelling groin and wiggled. It only helped to make my erection grow. I moved my hands behind her and found the clasp of her bra. I quickly released the hooks allowing the bra to spring forward and down her arms. I moved my hands in front and pushed the bra down, letting it fall from her arms, to the floor. She now stood facing the windowpane in heels and a g-string.
"Oh, what if someone is watching? They will get to see your naked wife. Don't you care?" She cooed.
"Anyone looking is going to get the show of his life as I take you in the window."
"Are you going to fuck me here?'
"I hope so." I answered excitedly.
I stepped back, leaving Molly standing at the window. As I started to unbutton my shirt, I watched as tiny streams of sunlight danced through her hair and outlined her body. She wiggled her ass in my direction. Then, reaching out, she let her hands come to rest on the glass. I looked into the glass and caught her reflection staring back. I watched as her lips slowly curled into a lustful smile
I quickly removed my shirt and kicked off my shoes. I unbuckled my pants just as quickly and let them fall to the floor. I stepped out of each pant's leg and had them off in no time. I moved my thumbs to the boxers and looked up to catch Molly looking over her shoulder. I slowly moved them down my legs while our eyes remained locked.
Her eyes moved down my body. "Ohhhh, nice cock." She sighed.
My cock sprang from the waist band and looked to be a hungry animal sniffing for its' prey. I moved toward her as she turned to look out the window. She was bent over slightly and continued to wiggle her ass at me.
I reached around placing one hand between her legs and the other cupping her breast. She moaned with delight as I played with her.
"I wonder what we must look like to anyone watching." She asked.
"I am sure if I was out there and saw you, I would stop and stare."
"Is that all you would do?"
"No, but I am here, and this is what I am doing right now." I entered her from behind. She was wet, easing the entry into her sex. I glided deep inside her. She felt warm and inviting. I moved my hands down to her hips and grabbed her waist. I started to move her back and forth as I stood behind her. My cock was sliding in and out of her as I moved her with my arms.
"Do you see the house on the other side of the river?" She asked.
"Yes."
"Do you think there is someone there watching us?"
"Maybe, if they have binoculars."
"Would that excite you if you saw them watching.'
"Yes."
I was watching her reflection in the glass, as she continued to talk, when I noticed a truck starting to come over the bridge. The truck was coming in our direction and if he looked up there was a very good chance he would catch us in the act. I watched as the truck made its way across the bridge. It was traveling at a good speed when it suddenly slowed and stopped on the bridge. As I looked down, I could see the driver looking back with a large smile on his face.
"We have an audience Molly."
"Yes, I see him and I see he certainly is getting an eye full." She was looking directly at the truck and not at my reflection.
"Do you want to move away?" I asked.
"No, let him watch, it will probably make his day."
I started to move her faster over my cock. I could feel the excitement grow while our audience was taking in the performance. With a couple of fast deep thrusts, I came hard in Molly. She pressed her tits up against the windowpane and just stood there.
"Looks like he is enjoying what he is looking at." She moaned.
I placed my hand under her pussy to catch the moisture that I knew would be released as I pulled my cock from her. I stepped back and watched as Molly continued to put on a show for our truck driver.
"You had better move back or he might get the wrong idea about your intentions." I instructed her.
"I guess you are right." She waived and moved back from the window.
The truck stayed for a short period and then moved on across the bridge.
"I guess his girlfriend is going to get some tonight." She giggled.
"I am glad we have brought a little enjoyment to the world."
We both moved away from the sitting room and into the bathroom.
"Are you hungry now?" She asked.
"No, but after I wash your body, I might be. How about a shower?"
I pushed her into the shower, entered the shower and turned on the water. We spent the next twenty minutes running the soap over our bodies and enjoying the others wet touch.
That evening we enjoyed a long dinner where we talked about our experience and what it much have looked like for the driver. I said, "I wish I had some pictures from the driver's point of view."
Molly answered, "I bet you do."
We laughed.
*** *** *** *** ***
The next morning I found Molly back at the windows looking out over the river with binoculars. She was scanning the river when she stopped, "Now that is hot!"
I don't think she knew that I was awake and I startled her when I said. "What's hot?"
"Oh nothing." She answered.
"I don't think it was nothing that was hot, so tell me what are you looking at?" I knew she was covering up something.
"Okay, I'll tell you what I am looking at. There are workers on the bridge and one of them looks fairly young and very muscular."
"So now that you have had me, you are running after younger men?"
"No, but I like to look as much as you do, and he looks hot to me."
I had moved from the bed into the sitting room and up behind Molly, who was still using the binoculars. I looked over her shoulder toward the bridge and found five to six construction workers. One was wearing a ball cap, shorts, tee-shirt and working boots. I was pretty sure that was the one that had captured Molly's attention. So I asked.
"Yes, you guessed right." She answered. "He looks like he is in good shape and fairly young.
"So you like the young ones. Do you think he knows anything about making love to a woman, or would he need to be taught?" I laughed.
"For all you know he has had hundreds of women in his life and he understands more than you, smart ass." She retorted as she removed the binoculars and moved back from the window.
"Would you like breakfast or do you want to stay here to watch your hottie?" I asked.
"I would like breakfast with you." Molly answered. "Let me comb my hair and we can go down to the restaurant for a bite.
Over breakfast I teased her about corrupting younger men. She sat across from me with the biggest of smiles. She had an answer for each of my wiseass remarks.
We finished breakfast and returned to the room.
I walked over to the glass wall and looked out. "I see that your hottie is still working."
"So?"
"Well I was hoping to take the camera across the bridge and get a few shots of you in the window and now I am not sure I can."
"Shots of me in the window, doing what?" Molly asked.
"Giving me a show, of course."
"Oh, I would like to do that, and see how the pictures come out." She smiled as she came up behind me.
"But what about your hottie?"
"Well he might get a show as well, which might help to make your pictures even better."
"Oh, you are in a naughty mood, aren't you?"
"Yes, but how will I know you are ready to take pictures from that distance?"
"I have that figured out my dear wife."
I had brought a hands-free walkie-talkie and base unit along and was in the process of plugging the base unit to the outlet. The walkie-talkie was rigged with a headset. I place the headset over one ear and positioned the microphone to my lips. I walked over to where Molly stood. As I spoke, Molly could hear my voice coming from the base unit across the room.
"The unit is voice activated. When I speak, you can hear me."
"Okay, I can hear you, but how can you hear me?" She asked.
"The base unit is a speaker box, so when I stop speaking I will be able to hear you."
"Leave it to my crazy technology husband to figure this out. So, now that you have figured this out, what would you have me to do?
"I want you to get ready and surprise me with a show at the window after I position myself on the other side of the river."
I walked up to her gave her a kiss, showed her the camera and walked out the door. As I closed the door and started down the path I heard her voice come over the headset.
"Rusty, how naughty do you want me to be?"
"As naughty as you would like."
"Ohhhh, I guess I need to be really mischievous."
I smiled to myself and continued to walk.
It took me a good twenty minutes to get over to the bridge and down to the river. I looked up at our room and could clearly see Molly in the window. She was wearing a short skirt, flowery blouse and heels. Off to the left I could see the workers on the bridge. Molly was paying more attention to the workers than to me. I raised the camera to my eye and zoomed into where she was standing. Yes, she was watching them.
"Hello wife, are you there?" I spoke into the device.
"Yes, and I can hear you very well. Are you in position?"
"Yes."
"And do you have the camera ready?"
"Yes."
"So what would you like me to do?"
"I would like you to perform a slow strip tease while I record you using the camera."
"Oh, I think I would like to do that." She cooed.
I concentrated on the camera as Molly danced in the room. I watched through the camera as she raised both hands to her blouse and started to work the buttons. In no time the blouse was open, exposing a tiny black bra beneath. I took a shot. SNAP. She was still paying more attention to the workers than to me. She slowly slipped the blouse down her shoulders, over her arms, letting it drop to the floor. SNAP. SNAP. SNAP.
"That was nice Molly, now slowly remove the bra," I spoke into my microphone.
"Is this what you want to see?" she moaned.
She was still facing the window as she reached behind her to move the clasp of her bra. With a short jerking motion the bra sprang forward and she moved both arms out front, letting the straps drop from her body. Her breasts could clearly be seen. SNAP.
Molly moved forward and placed both hands on the glass. She continued to sway as she slowly moved her breasts along the glass, allowing each nipple to run along the windowpane. SNAP, SNAP. She then stepped up and pressed both breasts firmly on the window and slid them along the sheet of glass. I felt like I wanted to stop taking pictures and pull my cock out of my pants at that point, but I also wanted these pictures. I knew we would enjoy them later.
She moved back slightly and moved both hands to the zipper on her skirt. With one hand she slowly pulled the zipper down and then let go. She moved forward and placed both hands back onto the glass. As she wiggled the skirt opened and started to glide down her hips. She wiggled a little more and the skirt hastened down her long legs. SNAP. SNAP. SNAP. I was shooting the scene as fast as I could.
Molly threw her head back letting her hair fly around her shoulders. I could hear her giggle in my earpiece as she danced wearing only a tiny black g-string. SNAP. Her whole body was clearly visible as she moved. I saw how erect her nipples were as they swayed back and forth.
Molly was facing the workers. "My hottie is out there, but he is not watching and he is missing the show." She spoke as if she were disappointed.
"Well I am watching and loving what I am seeing."
She moved back, turned around and pointed her ass toward the bridge. Taking both hands she placed her thumbs under each strap of the g-string. She stopped dancing, moved her legs together and she slowly started to remove the material. Bending at the waist she forced the back of her cunt to become visible as the string moved slowly over her ass and down and her legs.
"Do you like this?" she asked.
SNAP. SNAP. "Yes I do. Your show is certainly turning me on," I answered.
She turned around and stepped forward. You could see her pussy as she glided closer to the glass. She was clearly naked, wearing only heels. Molly moved closer to the window and pressed her breasts up against the windowpane. SNAP. She slid her tits across the glass while she stretched her arms out above her.
One of the workers must have spotted me along the river and on seeing my camera turned to see the subject of my pictures. As he turned he found Molly naked in the window.
"Ohhhhhh, they see me now. Do you want them to see your naked wife in the window?"
"If that's what my naughty wife would like?" SNAP
"My hottie is looking at me."
I stopped taking pictures and turned to look at the bridge. The six workers had halted their work and were now taking in the show that was unfolding for them. It was clear that they were enjoying the performance Molly was putting on for them.
I returned to taking pictures. Molly had one hand on the glass wall and one between her legs. The way her body was moving told me that she was playing with herself.
"Ohhh, they are looking at me and I am getting so excited." I heard her say over the air.
Molly moved closer to the pane, closed her eyes and forced her hand hard against her cunt. From what I could see and hear, she was clearly getting excited and would probably have an orgasm shortly. The workers continued to watch as she played with herself. Her body started to show small jerking motions as she pulled her legs tighter together, leaving one hand between her legs. I then heard the familiar sounds of her approaching orgasm. I watched through the camera as she opened her mouth, tilted her head back and then I heard her soft moaning come over my ear piece. SNAP. SNAP. SNAP. I recorded her orgasm.
Molly stood, holding herself up with the one arm, with her eyes closed. She was not moving. She was taking pleasure in her orgasm. While she enjoyed herself, I continued to take pictures of her standing naked. SNAP. SNAP. SNAP.
She opened her eyes and looked out. "My hottie is gone. Where did my hottie go? Did he miss the show?"
Molly was moving again. The workers that remained still were watching. I went back to taking pictures.
"How is my photographer doing out there?" She asked.
"Just fine, the show is great and I am getting some fantastic pictures to show you later."
Molly turned around and pushed her ass toward the glass. Spread her legs and bent over. This provided a wonderful clear view of her bush between her legs as she spread her ass. Molly continued to dance and put on a show when I heard a knock enter my ear piece. Molly froze in the window.
"Who's there?" She called out.
I heard what sounded like a voice in the distance, but I could not understand what was being said.
"Rusty, the hotel maintenance is at the door claiming that there is a leak coming from our room that they need to fix. What should I do?"
"Put on the white bathrobe, go over to the door, and look out through the fish eye to see if they are with the hotel." Was my answer.
I watched as she moved away and out of sight.
It was only a few minutes, but felt like an hour before I heard her voice again. "The bathroom is over there. Let me know if you need my help." She was talking to someone and it sounded like whoever they were, they were in the room now.
I was now very worried.
"I need to look under the sink and should be just a minute." It was a clearly a male voice that I could hear. "Mama, could you come here for a minute and help me move this item?"
"I'll be there in just a moment." Molly answered.
Molly moved over to the base unit and whispered. "Everything is under control, Rusty, my plans have just changed. Don't worry."
But I was worried. There was some stranger in the room with only a white robe between him and her naked body.
I heard her walk off, and then he spoke again. "I watched your show in the window and I had to come up to see you closer."
"Well if you don't touch, I'll let you see more of me. Can you do that?" Molly asked.
"Yes, I would love to watch."
"Then come with me and sit over here in the living room."
I heard some movement and then Molly reappeared. "Sit down and I'll put on a show for my hottie."
"My hottie?" I asked myself. "Is that the guy she spotted on the bridge?" I lowered the camera, looked over to the workers and could not find the one that caught her eye. She had said he was gone; he must have made his way over to the hotel and found our room.
"Sit there and I'll show you up close what you saw outside." Molly instructed.
"Yes." I said to myself. "That must be the guy. She is going to give him a show." I pulled the camera back up to my face to use the zoom. Molly was in the window, starting to lower her robe. She let it slide halfway down her back while she danced.
"Is my photographer getting this?" That question was directed at me, not the hottie.
Molly continued to dance. She whirled around clearly showing her breasts. She was enjoying this show and enjoying it more that she had the full attention of her hottie.
"Do you like what you see?" She asked the hottie.
"Oh yes, even better than from the bridge."
"Would you like to see more?"
"Yes, more would be nice."
"What would you like to see?"
"I would like to see you completely naked."
"If you are good, you might get your wish." She toyed with him. She knew she was driving him crazy and me as well.
"Would you mind if I stroked myself while I watched?" His voice cracked with this question.
Molly turned to him, still dancing. "If you think you can remain seated, I'll let you. But if you come toward me then this will stop. Understood?"
"Understood."
"If you are going to drop your pants I want you to do it slowly and let me watch you strip." She commanded. "Now stand up and undo your belt. Nice and slow. SLOW! That's right. Now unbutton your pants and pull the zipper down. Slowly. SLOWER! That's a good boy. Now push your pants down your legs. That's right. You aren't wearing any underwear and look at the size of that cock. It is so big and so erect. Leave your pants around your feet and sit down."
I heard a thud and then a moan.
"Okay, you can stroke it while I continue to give you a show." Molly turned away from him and looked out the windowpane, placing both hands on the glass which allowed the robe to open completely. She was facing my camera naked, wiggling her ass back in the direction of her hottie. I could not see him, but heard him moan as she removed her hands from the window and allowed the robe to drop to the floor.
"Are you enjoying the show?" I think the question was directed more at me than him. But the hottie answered in the affirmative.
Molly continued her dance now focused on the bridge workers and me. I could tell she was getting excited again as she moved her one hand back between her legs. She closed her eyes, pulled her legs together and started to masturbate again.
Suddenly he was behind her. His pants were gone as he wrapped his arms around her waist.
"What are you doing? I told you to sit and watch."
"I know what you told me, but I've got to have some of this." Was his answer.
He pulled the tee-shirt over his head and threw it into the room. He turned her around to face him and placed both hands on her shoulders. His hands pushed and she slowly moved down the length of his body until she was at eye level to his cock. He thrust his erection out to her mouth, she let it hit her open lips and then enter. She raised one arm to his buttocks and grabbed his ass with her hand. With the other she grabbed his erect penis and drew it deeper into her mouth. Over the speaker I could hear the wet sounds of sucking. Her head bobbed on his cock as he held her head in his hands.
He rolled his eyes up, forcing his head to lean back, and let out a loud moan. "You suck cock well."
I heard Molly slurp back an answer.
He was acting as if he was going to cum in her mouth, moving faster, grunting louder, when he suddenly stopped. Pulled his cock out of her mouth and grabbed her by the arms. Pulling her up he spun her around and pushed her to the glass.
She was naked with her breasts pressed up hard against the windowpane. With her arms held out, he moved behind her. I heard her let out a loud moan as he entered her from behind.
He grabbed her hips with both hands and started to fuck her in earnest. He moaned with delight as he thrust inside her.
"No, no. I didn't want this. You need to stop!" She cried.
"Sorry, I can't help this. You are too exciting to look at without being able to fuck you." Was his answer. She put up a very little fight and finally allowed herself to enjoy what was happening.
"You are so big. I have never had someone as big as you inside me. It does feel good." Molly exclaimed. She moved her one hand down between her legs and again started to play with her clit.
Molly's breathing was getting louder as he rocked her against the window. I could see where she opened her mouth, closed her eyes, and I could hear her moans starting to mount. That was a good sign that she was going to have another orgasm. She started to shake. She was coming. He noticed what she was doing and picked up his pace in fucking her. He pressed her harder against the glass. She continued to moan louder with pleasure for she knew that he was going to cum.
He shoved hard, stopped, pulled out and thrust again. This time he let out a loud cry of delight and stopped. Keeping her pushed up against the pane, he stood behind her releasing his cum into her. She could feel the wetness starting to drip down her leg.
He stepped back allowing his erect cock to slide from her cavity. I could see his erection as he stepped back and Molly lay against the window. He moved back and out of sight. Molly remained posed, naked against the windowpane.
The workers on the bridge were cheering, jumping up and down with approval. They enjoyed the show and enjoyed the fact that one of their own fucked the naked woman in the window. There would be many questions for the hottie to answer over a few beers later with his buddies.
I had stopped taking pictures when I realized that he was going to fuck her. It happened so quickly that all I could do was watch. Now I realized that I needed to get back to the room to make sure Molly was alright. Half running and half walking fast, I made it back in less than half the time it took me to get over there.
When I opened the door I found Molly in the sitting room, in the white robe. The hottie was gone. She had a worried look on her face as she looked up to read my expression.
"I'm sorry; I had no intention of going that far. Things just got out of hand. I feel so sluty and so terrible having done this to you."
I walked over to where she was, sat down and pulled her into my arms. We would need to talk about this, but now was not the time. I pulled her into my arms and held her.