I am writing this story for one of my followers and is based upon a mixture of fact and a fantasy to see his wife with another man.
*****
My wife Jill and I met in high school which was almost fifteen years ago now. From the first time I saw her, I knew she was the one for me. I was immediately drawn to her petite physique which isn't unusual for a Japanese-American woman. At just over five foot tall with lovely 32a breasts she doesn't stand out in a crowd, but I found her shyness and modesty to be attractive. Her light brown skin was so much sexier than most American women that, when combined with her other attributes, made her so much more desirable to me. She dressed more conservatively than other girls in school but was still stylish without being trashy and wore much less makeup than her friends. I think that is what I love most about her to this day, she looks and acts like the girl next door; a naturally beautiful woman. I was introverted myself but gradually worked my way into her circle of friends and got to know her while working on a school project together before I finally worked up the courage to ask her out on a date.
I was thrilled that she agreed to go out with me and even more excited when we had our first kiss later than night. Her soft, full lips tenderly touched mine and we both felt an immediate magic that has lasted us throughout the coming years. As we were both a shy and awkward teens, we never really looked elsewhere for attention from the opposite sex. We had each other and were truly in love.
As shy as we both were, we were still hormonal teens and the more we made out, the further we progressed towards the inevitable. I remember clearly fumbling my way trying to get Jill to have sex with me. We were both virgins so we explored our bodies and sexuality together. She was brought up in a strict Asian/American household and cherished her virginity which I tried to respect but like I said we were still horny teens. It wasn't until we were both almost nineteen before I finally was able to convince her to have sex with me. We had seen each other naked but she would only go so far as mutual masturbation for the longest time.
I remember like it was yesterday, the first time I touched her ass and breasts during a heavy make out session. It took months before I finally got her to take off her clothes. Being so petite, she didn't think she was sexy, especially when all of her friends had bigger breasts than she did.
The first time I saw her tits, I marveled in their tiny beauty. Unlike most men, I love small breasts and hers were perfect as far as I am concerned. Her dark areola immediately got my attention as I reached out to touch them, her nipples hardening as she blushed. She was nervous and stiff, afraid I wouldn't like her body but she couldn't have been more wrong. She was lovely standing there in her tiny pink bikini panties. The dark hair of her pussy visible through the satin material. We kissed as I felt and played with her breasts, feeling them, then leaning down to suck on her nipples.
We were both now down to our underwear and I could tell she was getting excited and decided to push further by reaching between her legs fumbling around the unknown territory of her pussy through her panties. I finally convinced her to let me see her completely naked. I stared hungrily at her tiny frame and slender legs as I watched her peel down her panties. My hard on was too much to conceal through my briefs as I saw her dark pubic hair come into view followed by her now naked pussy. I loved Jill before I saw her naked but after seeing her petite, nude, Asian body, I knew we were meant to be with each other.
We dated exclusively through high school and college. Even though we both got a late start losing our virginities, we had sex on a very regular basis, maybe four to five times per week. After all, we were young and hormones were flowing heavily. She loves sex and especially loves getting it from behind. Jill loves giving blow jobs with those sweet lips of hers and enjoys swallowing a full load. She isn't into facials but a guy can't complain about a woman that swallows.
After college, we both became teachers and went through a rough patch in our relationship. We had been together for so long, I guess it was to be expected but we split up for a while as we both started careers. I tried dating but my thoughts always came back to Jill. I only had sex with one other girlfriend and, like Jill, it was pretty regular. I like to really care about the women I sleep with so I never was into one night stands. As much as I liked my new girlfriend, my thoughts kept drifting back to Jill.
One night I saw Jill out at a bar, even though she doesn't drink that much. Her tiny body just can't handle a lot of alcohol so I knew she wasn't there to get drunk. I had to at least say "hi" to her and as we struck up a conversation, the magic seemed to return. We ended up back at my apartment for a round of passionate sex and we both confessed on how much we missed each other and we've been together ever since.
We had been broken up for almost a year and I was curious to know if Jill had slept with anyone else. I confessed to my fling with a temporary girlfriend but she was reluctant to say too much out of fear I would get jealous. I would press her at times and she finally told me that she only had sex with one other person too. Apparently, her boss at work took a liking to her and was pretty aggressive in pursuing a purely sexual relationship with her. Jill is so meek and mild and was taught to respect her elders so she found it difficult to refuse his advances, especially this being her first job.
He started his advances a little at a time by holding onto her waist and brushing himself against her which led to a light touching of her ass, that lead to full groping of her ass. One day, he asked her to stay late to help him with a project and when they were alone, he got real aggressive. She resisted the first time but the second time she stayed late, she gave him a blow job, trying to keep him away from her pussy.
She stripped down to her bra and panties and after he tried kissing her and fondling her half naked body, she got down on her knees as he sat behind his desk, undid his pants, pulling them and his underwear down, exposing his hard dick. He undid her bra to expose her tiny titties before she reluctantly started to give him a hand job, hoping she could make him cum that way but he figured out her strategy and pulled her mouth onto his cock. He moaned softly as her sweet lips engulfed him, her head bobbing slowly. She continued using her hands to jerk him as she worked over his member with her lips and tongue.
When he came in her mouth, she obediently swallowed his entire load and licked him clean. As she got up, he patted her on the ass and made sure she knew that no one was supposed to know what happened. There was no way she was going to tell anyone as she was too embarrassed herself. Jill quickly got dressed and left his office.
The next time he asked her to work late, Jill got nervous for the rest of the day. She knew what was expected of her but she couldn't refuse a request from her boss. When they were alone, he wasted no time closing the door to his office and holding Jill in his arms to try and kiss her again. She turned her head but he started kissing her neck and fondling her body, gradually undoing the buttons on her blouse and unzipping her skirt. He was more aggressive this time, as he quickly began to remove her bra and panties too, making Jill stand before him fully naked while she blushed profusely. He ordered her to do a slow turn as he got naked too. She knew what was about to happen but felt powerless to resist.
Her boss, began to touch her all over before starting to finger her tight pussy. He then led her over to his desk and made her lie back with her legs spread. Jill was so embarrassed but too scared to do anything but obey. He got down on his knees and began to eat her pussy. She wasn't really turned on but she figured she had better fake an orgasm just to get this ordeal over with. He then presented his hard cock between her spread legs and began to fuck her. He told her how much he's wanted her ever since her first interview. He humped on her pussy as she laid back wishing it was over.
He then told her to bend over his desk. She followed his instructions, presenting herself to him. He got behind her, aimed his dick at her pussy, grabbed onto her hips and began to do her from behind. This is her favorite position so she was getting turned on but didn't want to admit it. He played with her tight Asian ass as he pounded her hard before finally cumming in her pussy.
Jill wouldn't tell me how many times she fucked and sucked him but I do know it went on for a few months. She is still reluctant to talk too much about it out of fear I will be mad and jealous which might hurt our relationship. The odd thing is, I wasn't jealous at all. I actually got turned on from the details Jill was willing to share with me and I wanted to hear about every juicy encounter. As much as I tried, this is all she would tell me. She wasn't proud of what she had done and simply wanted to forget it.
From that day forward, even after we got married, I have had the fantasy of watching my wife with another man. I seemed consumed by the thought of another man seeing Jill naked, then watching as she sucks his cock, as he eats her pussy and screws her in variety of positions. I want to see my wife turned on and taken by another man. I sometimes feel somewhat odd because of this fantasy, after all, a married woman should not be acting slutty. It's wrong, perverse. Maybe that's why I like the idea though. We've always led a very normal life, a little variety and spice, even naughtiness would liven things up.
I even approached Jill with the idea of bringing another man into our marital bed and she didn't take it well. She thought it was wrong to even think about it and got angry, so I haven't even hinted at the idea since. It's my dirty little secret that I have kept buried in my mind for five years marriage as we enter our early 30's. Even though I am keeping my dirty desires a secret from my wife, that doesn't stop me from planning different scenarios in my mind to eventually get her to help live out this fantasy. I feel guilty for plotting against her wishes but a part of me, the naughty perverted part, has a deep desire to see another man's cock in my wife's mouth and pussy. It's an urge that I cannot control.
I knew that my plot would have to be carried out slowly and may take years but I had to at least try. I didn't know exactly how I would do this but it was never going to happen by chance. I did have to understand my wife's modest Asian background and that she wasn't very confident in her body image, mostly because of her small breasts. I didn't know who it would be but that would come in time, at the right moment.
I started by simply trying to get her to dress a bit sexier but not trashy. Jill was always fashionable but I got her to buy a few skirts and dresses that were shorter than she would usually wear. I have always noticed guys turning their heads to get another look at my wife but she really got their attention when she wore something that revealed more of her trim legs. She wouldn't believe me when I told her guys were checking her out or maybe she just didn't want to seem vain. The more they noticed, the more it fed my desires.
Maybe she did start believing me as she started buying bikinis instead of one piece bathing suits. One was a tiny striped strapless piece of material that covered her breasts with a bottom that left a substantial portion of her ass cheeks uncovered. I loved watching guys at the beach looking at her firm butt cheeks. She wouldn't admit it but I think she enjoyed it too. Maybe, just maybe she was starting to loosen up a bit.
There are times when Jill won't wear a bra underneath her clothes. I think she feels comfortable doing this because she doesn't think her small breasts draw anyone's attention but she is wrong. I see guys checking her out, especially when they can see even a hint of her areola or hard nipples through her top. I have to think she knows and even likes it but she continues to deny that guys notice her. The more attention she attracts, the more it feeds my desire to see her with one of them.
We live in a suburban community outside of a major southern California city and our neighbor Frank, who was in his early 50's recently lost his wife Sandy to a sudden health struggle. We weren't really close with them because of the age difference but they were a really nice couple, always willing to help a neighbor, lend me a needed tool or maybe even share a beer or two at times. We felt really bad for Frank as you could tell he loved Sandy deeply and was hurting after her death, maybe even depressed.
Out of sympathy for a good guy and trying to be good neighbors, we started to socialize with Frank more to help ease his loneliness. He was reluctant to intrude upon us at first but after our persistent efforts to bring him out of his shell, he finally started to give in. We are homebodies anyway, so it wasn't like he was some kind of burden upon us either. It started out by inviting him over for a beer on a warm spring evening. He was pretty quiet at first but eventually he began to warm up to the idea of becoming more social. Frank had an interesting life working his way up in government to an executive position and had quite of bit of influence on local policies. He had a wry sense of humor that Jill seemed to appreciate and brought her out of her shell a little too.
We began to look forward to our evenings with Frank and he told us he appreciated our neighborliness too. Jill talked about introducing him to one of her colleagues but Frank said he wasn't interested. He still wasn't over losing his wife, hadn't dated in over 30 years and couldn't imagine going through that process again at his age.
Even though Frank wasn't interested in dating other women at this point, I did notice that he seemed to take some interest in Jill. He never failed to compliment my wife when he saw her either on her attire, her smile, her eyes, even noticing a new haircut before I would. Every woman loves a compliment and Frank never let her down. I think Jill even began to look forward to seeing him knowing he would tell her how beautiful she looked. She would immediately perk up when she saw him and greet him with a wide smile and friendly hug.
When we were alone, Frank would tell me that not only was she beautiful but smart and was very personable. I think our older neighbor had somewhat of a schoolboy crush on my wife and I think she had small crush on him too. I began to watch Frank more closely and noticed that his eyes would follow Jill around the room. I'm sure she didn't notice. When I mentioned Frank's possible crush, Jill just brushed me off, telling me I was crazy but I think, deep down, she knew I was right and even enjoyed it.
One Friday night, after a long week at work, Frank invited us to join him in his hot tub later one evening. We had nothing planned and joined him after dinner. Frank offered us some drinks and I quickly grabbed a beer and told him Jill doesn't drink much because she just can't handle a lot of liquor. Frank suggested a wine spritzer with club soda and fresh fruit, as it would water down the effects of the alcohol. To my surprise, Jill accepted his offer. I noticed Frank staring at my wife as she removed her robe to reveal her bikini clad body. Frank didn't waste any time telling her how gorgeous she looked. Jill blushed slightly and climbed into the hot tub under Frank's watchful eyes.
As we relaxed in the hot tub sipping our drinks, we each talked about our difficult work weeks. Jill was especially annoyed at one of her supervisors and a few of her students. It was towards the end of the semester and she was especially tense. Frank offered to give her a back rub and I was shocked when Jill accepted his offer. Maybe it was the effect of the wine or maybe she just needed to relax but she slid over to where Frank was sitting and positioned herself in front of him between his spread legs. Seeing no objection from me, Frank proceeded to massage my wife's neck and shoulders.
I loved watching as another man's hands began to touch my wife's naked skin as she began to moan softly as she relaxed to his gentle touch. I know my wife, and I am pretty sure she was getting turned on but she would never admit it. Frank was rubbing her back for at least 15 minutes before Jill excused herself to go to the bathroom. Frank and I both watched as Jill stood up, climbing the steps and walked towards the house. I noticed that the bottoms of her bikini had ridden up between her ass cheeks and she made no effort to pull them back into place which isn't like her. She is usually very modest and immediately moves to cover herself but she didn't that night, allowing Frank and I a great view of her tight little butt. We both watched her ass sway as she walked into the house with a good portion of her cheeks showing.
While she was gone, Frank once again told me what a lucky guy I was. That evening, when Jill and I got home, she was horny as hell. I wasn't positive but it seemed like Jill got turned on from all of the attention she received from our older neighbor.
As Jill sucked my cock, I told her, "I think Frank would love to be in my place right now. He really likes you."
She stopped sucking long enough to tell me to, "Stop. He's just a good friend of ours."
When I started fucking her I kept telling her, "I bet Frank would love to be fucking you like this."
Jill told me to "Be quiet," but she started moaning louder and had her eyes closed.
"I may be on to something here," I thought. I started telling her, "Frank probably hasn't had sex in a long time and seeing you in your bikini was probably very distracting for him. I bet he'd love to use your pussy."
Jill started moaning louder so I pressed further, "He is probably jerking off right now thinking of you. He'd love your nice young pussy around his cock." I told her how Frank was staring at her ass when she went into the house which made her thrust her hips up to meet my thrusts, pushing my dick deeper into her.
I kept telling her, "He wants you. I know it."
Jill silently responded by beginning to orgasm which triggered my own cumming. It was a wilder sex than we'd had in a while and it was all thanks to Frank. I tried talking to Jill about it the next morning but she attributed her horniness to relaxing in the hot tub and the wine. I knew better but there's was nothing I could do. I did have a plot in my mind to invite Frank over that night and see what happens.
That evening, we sat around our back patio having a couple of drinks. Jill liked the wine spritzers as they diluted the alcohol to where she could at least handle one of them. Jill wore a yellow tank top and mini jean skirt, one of the new shorter ones she recently purchased. Our neighbor went out of his way to repeatedly tell her how beautiful she looked and how lovely her legs were. Jill blushed as Frank looked her up and down.
She was showing a lot of her skin, even though her private parts were still covered. Her skirt rode high up on her thighs when she sat down which immediately drew Frank's attention. As we sipped our drinks and chatted, I noticed his eyes kept drifting over to Jill's exposed legs and she seemed to like the attention. I watched as she crossed and uncrossed her legs in front of Frank, dangling her bare foot in front of him; the whole time she was watching him stare at her legs. It finally hit me; my wife was flirting with our neighbor and I loved it. I even felt my dick getting hard as I watched her performance.
After I got us another round of drinks, I moved my chair closer to Frank and saw that I could clearly see up Jill's skirt to her powder blue panties. Our neighbor was staring at her underwear all evening, most likely with the full knowledge of my wife. I should have been angry or jealous but instead it turned me on and was probably having the same effect on my wife. When we finally said our "good nights," it wasn't long before Jill and I were naked in our bed screwing our brains out again.
I pushed the envelope further by telling her, "I know Frank was staring at your legs all night. It's obvious he wants you."
Jill just said, "Shut up and fuck me Kevin."
I persisted. "Pretend it's Frank with you now Jill. Think of his dick in your pussy."
"Stop it Kevin," Jill pleaded but she began to writhe underneath me.
When we switched positions so I could take her from behind, I told her, "I bet Frank would love seeing you bent over like this waiting for his dick." Then I penetrated her as she pushed back against me, bucking wildly as I thrust into her. She was hotter than I'd seen her in a while and I knew why. My mind was racing at the possibility of watching our neighbor seduce my wife with my permission. Apparently, Jill's mind was moving along the same track but wouldn't admit it.
I persisted in telling her to fantasize about having sex with our neighbor until we both came. This went on for a few months, almost every time we had sex, I kept telling Jill to picture in her mind that it was Frank between her legs or his cock she was sucking. Fantasizing is one thing but I didn't know how to close the deal or if I even could. Every time Frank saw my wife he continued to compliment her. Jill would beam when she would see him knowing that he was going to tell her she looked lovely in her outfit or her hair looked nice or telling her she was such a great person. When I would broach the subject of my wife actually sleeping with him, she would clam up and wouldn't even discuss it so I had to be careful not to ruin my progress.
One Saturday, I asked Frank for some help repairing my porch deck. I'm not very handy around the house but he had all the right tools and said it would be easy. While we were working on the deck, Jill decided to do some gardening. She was wearing her tight compression shorts that showed off every curve of her butt, almost like they were painted on and a yellow, spaghetti strapped t-shirt. It wasn't unusual for her to go without a bra around the house or even with a sundress. Her small breasts don't sag at all and she was more comfortable without one. It was obvious she wasn't wearing one that day as her nipples poked through her shirt.
I saw Frank's eyes dart towards her chest as Jill greeted him. He checked her out and said, "You look great Jill even when you are dressed for working in the garden."
Jill got a great big smile on her face and replied with a simple, "Thank you," before starting her work.
Our repair job really didn't take that long at all. Frank knew what he was doing and I ended up being his helper, handing him tools and holding the boards straight while he did most of the work. The whole time we were working, I noticed him glancing over at my wife bending in the garden. When we were done, we were enjoying a soda when we saw Jill struggling with the garden hose. Somehow it got away from her and she got soaking wet trying to get control of it. Frank and I had a good chuckle but when Jill turned around her wet shirt was completely transparent and hugged her body. Her little titties and nipples were in full view as Frank and I stopped laughing and simply stared. Jill didn't notice her predicament at first and when she finally looked down she made no effort to cover up which wasn't like her at all.
She shrugged her shoulders and said, "Well, I'm sure you guys have seen a woman's breast before," and came over to join us for a soft drink.
Frank and I couldn't help ourselves. We tried not to look but we couldn't keep our eyes off my wife's open display of her breasts. I was curious because it was obvious that we were looking and she didn't seem to mind at all. The dark circles of her areola and nipples were so noticeable that she might as well have taken the shirt off completely. By the time we finished our drinks, Jill's shirt had begun to dry and Frank had errands to run so he left.
Jill then took me into the house; she was so horny. I now knew that her wet shirt was no "accident." She denied it, of course, but we both knew better and she could tell I was just as horny as she was. My shy wife was beginning to turn into a bonafide exhibitionist.
I inquired again, "You knew all along we were looking at your tits didn't you?"
"Just be quiet and enjoy it Kevin." She just smiled.
"You wanted Frank to see your tits. You like him looking at you." We were kissing as our hands roamed over each other's bodies.
"What does it matter?"
I decided to press further, "Do you want to," I hesitated. Should I force the question? "Do you want to take it a step further?"
Jill didn't respond. At least she didn't get mad at me. She put her finger against her lips with a "Ssshhhh,"
We quickly stripped out of our clothes, hot with our desire for each other. As I ate her pussy I kept telling her how much Frank would like to be tasting her right now after her brazen display. She was hotter than I'd seen her in a while. I could see she had her eyes closed. Was she fantasizing about our neighbor? After her orgasm I climbed onto the bed. Jill then crawled between my legs on all fours to suck my hard dick.
I told her, "I bet Frank is jerking off right now thinking about your tits. I bet he'd love for you to be sucking his cock right now. Pretend it is Frank you are sucking." With that her head bobbed at a feverish pitch, licking and sucking me. I thought to myself, "She's fantasizing about our neighbor," but I wasn't jealous; it turned me on more.
She stopped sucking as she looked up at me with a devilish look in her eyes. She laid back opening her legs revealing a pussy that was dripping wet. She moaned loudly as I easily entered her juicy pussy. I started pounding her cunt, breathing heavily.
"I loved you showing your tits to Frank. I wanted to take you right there on the deck in front of him."
Jill moaned even louder and just kept saying, "Fuck me, fuck me."
I don't know what made me say it but the words just popped out of my mouth, "You want to fuck Frank, don't you? Just admit it Jill; you would fuck Frank if he were here right now, wouldn't you?"
She shocked me with her response, "Yes Kevin, if Frank was here I'd let him have me."
I was stunned, elated, thrilled, and those words drove me wild. "Call me by his name. Ask him to fuck you."
She hesitated for a second, "Fuck me Frank. Fuck me hard. I want to suck your cock and I want you to fuck me Frank."
Our breathing got even heavier as I started humping on my wife even harder than before. I was really pounding her pussy now. She was now fantasizing about being with our neighbor and I loved it. We were both making love so hard, we were sweating and panting, trying to breathe.
"Oh Frank, I'm going to cum."
I couldn't hold out any longer, "Here baby, Frank has a nice load of cum for you. Take it all baby; take his load deep in your pussy." I came longer and harder than I have in a long time. Sex with Jill was great but this took it to another level.
After we caught our breath, I withdrew from her and watched as some of my cum dripped from her. She looked at me and seemed embarrassed by what she had said. I tried to talk to her about it but she just brushed me aside.
"That was hot Jill. You were hot as a firecracker talking about Frank like that."
"It was just sex talk Kevin. That's all."
I knew that was bullshit but decided to leave it alone; for now anyway. After that day I did notice that Jill seemed to expose herself more to Frank in very subtle ways. She would wear a sundress wearing only a thong underneath. Her nipples might poke through the top or show just a hint of her areola. If the sunlight would hit the dress in just the right manner, you could see right through it showing off her thong and bare butt. When I would notice these things, I began to watch Frank more closely and knew that Jill had him under her spell. The thought of him going back to his house to jerk off thinking of my wife turned me on.
Jill denied teasing Frank on purpose but seemed to get a thrill out of knowing he was watching. She also knew that it turned me on. She would get really hot in bed when I would tell her I thought he was pleasuring himself thinking of her. After this had gone on for a few weeks, I did tell her that it may not be fair to Frank to keep cockteasing him like this, after all, he is a widow, he's all alone and it wasn't fair to him even though we were both enjoying it. She still didn't admit to teasing him intentionally and seemed to understand but that didn't stop her.
Whenever Frank was around, Jill was sure to wear loose tank tops that would show off her tiny titties when she would lean over which happened quit often. She would often wear her tight running shorts or even a bikini bottom around the yard. I would watch Frank's eyes as they followed her. Afterwards, we never failed to have a great sexual romp with me teasing her about how much I thought Frank desired her petite body. This drove her to higher sexual heights as she closed her eyes and would often call me "Frank" as we made love. Well, we weren't making love; it was pure, unbridled fucking.
I was still reluctant to bring up sharing Jill until one summer night when Jill came home late from work to find Frank and I on our back patio having a couple of beers. She announced that she was home and would join us in a few minutes. I went to grill her a burger while she sat down with our neighbor. She was dressed in a tight skirt that wasn't really that short until she sat down. It rode up on her and showed off a good portion of her legs and thighs. I noticed Frank couldn't keep his eyes off of her and I thought Jill may have been teasing him on purpose once again. I was getting hard watching her performance.
She kept crossing and uncrossing her legs as her skirt rode higher on her thighs and Jill made no effort to pull it down. I'm sure Frank was getting great views up her skirt. She then placed her legs up onto the chair between her and Frank one leg at a time. He tried looking into her eyes but his attention kept drifting down towards her bare legs and feet. I watched as he admired my wife. Jill was turning into a really good tease and I loved it. Jill then started to wiggle her toes, complaining about how much her feet hurt from being on them all day long.
Frank wasted no time offering his assistance, "I give an even better foot massage than a back massage."
Jill was quick to respond, "That sounds wonderful; my feet are killing me."
Frank looked over at me to make sure it was OK and I told him, "No problems here buddy."
I actually loved the thought of him touching my wife. Frank moved over to the chair next to my wife and she raised one foot onto his lap with the other on the patio. In this position, I was positive he was getting a peek up Jill's skirt but that made it even hotter for me. I got to see my wife showing off and another man taking full advantage of the opportunity. As he massaged her feet, I watched as he maneuvered her legs so he could get a better view up her skirt while Jill let him. She moaned as his fingers worked their magic on her heels, soles and toes.
As her skirt rode even higher, I did a double take. It looked like she wasn't wearing any panties. When I handed her the burger my suspicions were confirmed. Before joining us on the patio, Jill must have removed her underwear and was now teasing our neighbor by flashing her bare pussy for him. My heart started beating faster and I felt the adrenaline rushing through my veins as my dick started to get hard. This was the most brazen Jill has ever gotten and I was loving it.
Jill placed her feet back down on the ground in order to eat. I was looking at Frank and I knew he was undressing my wife with his eyes, with beads of sweat building on his forehead. He then turned as saw me looking at him and got embarrassed not knowing where to look but I didn't say anything. I quickly turned the conversation to football as he finished up his beer then told us he had to go. Jill helped me clean up the plates from dinner and as soon as she placed them down in the sink I pulled her close to me and we began to kiss. I slid my hand up her skirt and easily slid my finger into her dripping wet pussy while she moaned.
"You were intentionally showing your pussy to Frank weren't you?"
"I don't know what you are talking about dear," she replied feigning innocence.
"I saw what you were doing and I loved every minute of it."
Jill began to rub me over the outside of my shorts. "I can see you enjoyed it. So you didn't mind that Frank may have accidentally seen my pussy?"
"Mind? Frank and I loved it and it looks like you enjoyed doing it too." I continued to finger her as she moaned louder.
I lifted her skirt and lifted her up onto the kitchen table, knelt in front of her and began to eat her pussy as she ran her fingers through my hair.
I told her, "I bet Frank would want to be eating your pussy right now you little cock tease. You'd like that wouldn't you?"
She only moaned louder. "Admit it, you want Frank to lick your cunt, don't you?"
She her only response was to announce that she was cumming. I knew she enjoyed teasing Frank and I wanted her to finally admit it. When she was done cumming, I pulled off her top and began to play and suck on her nipples, telling her, "I bet Frank would love to be doing this right now. He's probably jerking off right now because of what you did to him tonight."
I then bent her over the table, rubbed my dick along her wet cunt lips, teasing her, while making her beg for it.
"Fuck me Kevin, I need it bad tonight."
I replied, "I'm not going to fuck you. I want you to ask Frank to do it. I want you to pretend Frank is here."
"Fuck me Frank. I want your cock Frank."
I then shoved my dick deep into my wife's hot pussy and started pounding away. We were both so turned on.
"Tell me you've been teasing him on purpose and that it turns you on, admit it."
"OK, I've been doing it on purpose and I love it."
"Tell me what you've been doing on purpose."
"I've been letting Frank see my tits, my panties, my ass and tonight I let him see my pussy."
I drove my dick into her even faster. "I knew it; you cock tease. Now tell me what you want Frank to do to you."
Jill hesitated but I stopped moving, "Tell me."
She replied, "No."
I slid my dick into her slowly, then pulled out, "Tell me."
"No."
I gave her a couple of quick thrusts, "Tell me."
She turned her head to look directly at me and said, "I want Frank to fuck me. I want to feel his dick inside me."
Finally, the words I wanted to hear. I began to thrust into her while looking deep into her eyes. We were both grunting, moaning and dripping with sweat.
"Tell me what else you want to do with Frank."
"I want to suck his dick. I want to taste him in my mouth."
I told her, "I bet he wants to taste your pussy too, especially after tonight."
Jill replied, "I'd open my legs and let him too."
The thought of Frank doing all sorts of nasty things to my wife drove me over the edge. I couldn't hold back any longer and began to shoot my cum deep into her while hoping that our neighbor would soon get to experience this feeling himself. I shot a huge load into her and finished up with a few more squirts before we both collapsed onto the table breathing heavy as we caught our breath. We both took a quick shower before bed. I drifted off to sleep plotting on how to get my wife to take the next step.
After last night I thought I'd press the issue of being shared with Jill again. Unlike in the past, she seemed to at least be open to the idea or at least fantasizing about the possibility but making it a reality seemed wishful thinking on my part. It was never going to happen unless I pressed the issue.
At breakfast I gathered up my courage and decided to go for it, "That was a pretty hot session we had last night. You were really on fire."
Jill responded, "Yes, it was pretty wild wasn't it?"
"You seem to enjoy teasing Frank and fantasizing about him. Do you think you might ever, you know, um, do it?"
"Do what Kevin?"
"You know, make love to Frank."
"I could never cheat on you dear."
"It wouldn't be cheating if I was OK with it and if I was even there."
Jill looked up at me and stared right at me, not saying anything for a moment. I thought she might be getting mad but instead she asked, "Do you really think you could watch me be with another man and not get jealous?"
"Not only do I think I could watch, but I think it would be the hottest thing we've ever done."
"I don't know Kevin. I just wasn't raised like that. In my mind it would be cheating."
"But Jill, cheating would be if I didn't know about it and didn't approve. I love when guys check you out at the beach or while shopping. It really turns me on. Watching the way Frank looks at you makes me want you even more. The more other men desire you, the sexier you are to me."
"Yeah, but Frank doesn't even want to date other women because he's still hurting from his wife's death. I don't think he'd even want to do it with me."
I thought I was making great progress simply by the fact that she didn't call me a pervert and get mad at me. I think she was actually considering it so I decided to just leave it alone for now. I didn't want to press too far and blow it.
"I think you're wrong but the thought of it gets me hot."
She did have a point. I know Frank liked checking out Jill but I couldn't assume that he'd want to fuck her while I watched either. How could I find out? How do you ask another guy if he wants to screw your wife? What if he says 'no' and thinks I'm a pervert? I've never gotten this close to having Jill even consider trying something this kinky so I'd have to ask Frank somehow. I couldn't risk convincing Jill then having Frank back out. She'd never consider it again. This could be my one opportunity and I had to make it work.
Frank invited me over his house one Sunday afternoon to watch a football game while Jill went shopping with some friends. I figured I'd try to broach the subject with him. I hadn't figured out how but I'd worry about that later.
After a couple of beers I asked Frank, "You and your wife were married over 25 years. If you don't mind me asking, how did you keep your sex life exciting? Jill and I are in somewhat of a rut but I don't know what to do."
"Well, Kevin, sometimes it got kind of routine but we'd try to spice things up while on vacation or on a weekend trip. She started to open up to new things once she realized we weren't getting any younger."
"I've suggested a couple of things to Jill but she doesn't seem to be too open to try much."
"I'm shocked at that Kevin. If you don't mind be saying, I think Jill is really sexy."
"No problem Frank. As a matter of fact, I've noticed the way you look at her sometimes."
Frank got embarrassed, "I'm sorry Kevin. I didn't think I was being that obvious. It's just that without my wife, well, I get kind of lonely and Jill is really beautiful. I'll try not to let it happen again. I don't want to ruin our friendship."
I just smirked a little, "It really isn't a problem Frank. As a matter of fact, I like it when other men check her out."
Frank was surprised, "Most men would get jealous."
"Not me. I like it. I think she likes when you notice her too. I've even tried to get her to show more of her body around you."
Frank lost interest in the game and joked, "Well, I'm more than happy to check out whatever she wants to show me," then he showed his sense of humor, "but only as a favor to you, of course."
I responded, "What are friends for?" We both chuckled.
This conversation was going good so I decided to go for broke, "What if you had the chance to make love to her?"
"I would never, ever do that to you Kevin. I value our friendship more than anything. I wouldn't risk trying to sneak behind your back with your wife."
I mistakenly put him on the defensive again and tried to clear it up, "I know that Frank. What if I was OK with it and was even there while you did it?"
Frank got a confused look on his face. "What do you mean?"
"I mean, what if I let you fuck my wife while I watched?" My heart was racing. I couldn't believe I actually had the courage to ask that question.
Frank was certainly shocked by the question, "Are you serious."
"I'm dead serious. We've been fantasizing about it while we're in bed. I would love to see Jill screw another guy and you are the only person I would let have her. My other friends have big mouths and there is no way she'd let a stranger be with her."
He still looked shocked and asked, "How does Jill feel about this?"
"She is somewhat open to the idea but isn't quite convinced. I couldn't talk to her about really doing it unless you were OK with it too."
He just stared at me in disbelief. I was momentarily afraid he would think I was perverted and ruin our friendship. I started to think I made a mistake by asking him. How would I ever be able to stay friends with him? But then my fears proved to be unfounded.
"Kevin, I would be more than happy to screw your wife. She has to be comfortable with this though. I don't want to ruin our friendship over one night of fun."
I was so relieved. "I fully understand Frank. Trust me, I don't want to talk her into something she isn't comfortable with but I think she's warming up to the idea."
"Your wife is gorgeous. I can't help but to stare at her sometimes and think of how lucky you are. I was afraid you were going to get mad at me for how I look at her."
I decided to fan the flames of desire even more, "Would you like to see a picture of her naked?"
Frank's eyes lit up, "Hell yeah. Do you have some?"
I started scrolling through my phone and found a few of Jill that I decided to show my neighbor. One was a full body shot of her completely naked, her small breasts, dark areola and completely shaven pussy in full view. The next one showed her bent over on all fours showing off her butt, her pussy lips showing and her tits hanging down. The third showed her on our bed with her knees bent and legs spread wide. Frank's kept scrolling through them like a teenage boy seeing his first Playboy magazine.
He thanked me before giving my phone back to me. He look flustered. "I hope you can convince her to show and do more buddy. Just let me know"
Now that I got that conversation out of the way, it was only a matter of getting my wife to agree. Over the next few weeks, I noticed she was a more casual in the way she dressed around Frank, meaning that she wore her bra less often or was more careless in how she sat in a skirt, allowing him some peaks at her panties or wearing her tight running shorts. She even started wearing leggings without a shirt long enough to cover her butt. Frank and I really liked watching a football game when she would wear them, bending so we could see her butt and thong through the thin material or leaning over to pour us a beer allowing us to peek down her blouse at her titties. Jill can be naive at times so I wasn't really sure if she was doing this on purpose every time or not but I loved it and so did our neighbor.
Nothing really changed much after my conversation with Frank. Jill and I played our fantasy games during sex with me telling her how much Frank seemed to be checking her out and making her call me by his name as we had wild, passionate sex. I didn't know how to take it to the next level. I wanted to push the issue but was afraid she would get mad and stop what we were already doing.
Frank's birthday was coming up and I decided it was now or never. I told Jill that we should do something "special" for Frank's birthday seeing he's been so friendly and helpful with us and how he shouldn't spend it alone, it being his first birthday since the death of his wife.
Jill asked, "What do you mean by special?" She gave me a knowing look but waited for me to respond.
"Well, I was thinking that, maybe, it was time to make our fantasy come true." I anxiously waited for her response. My heart was racing.
"So you want me to sleep with Frank as, sort of, a birthday present?"
"Well, yeah. I think we would all enjoy it."
"You wouldn't get mad or jealous?"
"No Jill. I've been dreaming about it for a long, long time. I think it would be exciting to live out a fantasy."
"I don't know if I could go through with it. It's one thing to talk about it in the privacy of our bedroom but another to actually do it."
"Well, just think about it, ok?"
I then got a response I never thought possible, "Ok, Kevin, I'll think about it but no promises."
Oh my goodness. There was hope. I wanted to jump for joy but I also know it wasn't a done deal but I got closer than I thought possible. "Ok dear. Think about it. There's no pressure."
We saw Frank in his front yard the next day and he invited us to dinner for his birthday; his treat. He said that over the past few months, he's really appreciated our friendship and how it really helped him deal with the loss of his wife. Jill and I looked at each other. How could we say no to him? We agreed to celebrate on Saturday night.
When we got back into the house Jill immediately told me, "I know what you are going to say. Let me think about it."
All I could say was, "Ok." She was seriously considering it without me even asking. She must have been trying to gather up the courage to go through with it and I didn't want to blow it now. As difficult as it was for me, I just kept my mouth shut. After all, she had agreed to "think" about it. Needless to say, it was all I could "think about" for the next few days as my mind kept drifting to the thought of my wife and I living out a fantasy.
On Saturday evening I got dressed first and waited anxiously to see what Jill had chosen for her attire for our dinner with Frank. When my wife came into the living room and asked "What do you think," I could only pause to drink in her beauty. Jill was dressed in a black silk kimono which matched her dark hair perfectly while wearing just a touch more makeup than she normally does.
At first glance, it wasn't the sexiest attire for our evening out but upon looking more closely, the silk material draped over her petite frame, enhancing every bit of her curves as it clung to her body. I could tell that she wasn't wearing a bra as her nipples poked through the silk and as she did a slow turn for me, I could see right through it to her tiny thong underwear, when the light hit it just right. The kimono perfectly showed the form of her butt, even a slight indent into her crack and highlighted every twitch as she walked.
I told her, "You look absolutely lovely tonight Jill."
"Thank you Kevin. You can't see through it can you? I can put on a slip underneath if I have to."
I dutifully responded, "Oh no dear, I can't see a thing through the material." OK, so I lied a little.
When we met Frank outside, he gave a whistle while gazing at my wife, telling her, "You look even more gorgeous tonight than usual. I love the kimono. My goodness, you are stunning."
Jill blushed and gave Frank a quiet, "Thank you" and wished him a 'happy birthday" while giving him a light peck on the cheek and a short hug before he opened the car door for her.
We just made small talk as we drove to one of the better restaurants in town. When we got out of the car, Frank opened the door for Jill again like a true gentleman and I saw him gazing at the bottom of her kimono. The evening sun was in front of her making her outfit completely see through. He got a full view of Jill's petite legs and ass, covered only by her thong between her cheeks. I slowly walked around the car in order to give both of us a longer view of my wife. I noticed other male guests glancing over at my wife, a couple of them getting caught by their wives or girlfriends.
The restaurant had spectacular food and beverages. Jill even had a very weak drink, which is unusual for her. There was also some soft piano music playing and a few couples took time between courses for a romantic dance.
After we ordered our desert, Frank looked over at me and asked, "Kevin would you mind if I asked your wife to dance with me. I miss dancing with Sandy and I'd appreciate it if you'd share your wife with me."
I didn't know if he was using a play on words but I responded, "Frank, I don't mind sharing my wife with you tonight. Be my guest"
Jill is quite naive at times so I'm sure she didn't pick up on what Frank was possibly asking. Frank stood up, reached his hand out towards my wife and asked, "Jill, will you dance one song with me?"
How could Jill refuse? She said, "Of course Frank." She took his hand as he led her out onto the dance floor.
I watched as Frank drew Jill into his arms and embraced my wife, placing his hand on her lower back just above her butt. They gazed into each other's eyes as they chatted while slowly moving to the rhythm of the music. I could see Jill giggling slightly and blushing slightly which gave me the impression Frank was turning on the charm. I couldn't help but wonder if tonight was going to be the night Jill would finally let loose. Frank then drew Jill even closer to him as she placed her head onto his chest. I could see his crotch pressing against her upper thigh. It was quite erotic to see my wife in the arms of another man with her hips swaying. When the song ended, I noticed that it looked like Frank had the beginnings of a hard on from dancing with my wife and so did I.
We quickly finished desert, Frank paid the bill and we returned home. As we pulled into Frank's driveway he invited us to continue his birthday celebration with a drink on his back patio. It was still early and we agreed to keep him company. After all, it was his birthday. Frank fixed us some cocktails, with a mild one for Jill, and chatted as we relaxed. Frank had his hot tub heating and said maybe we should take advantage of it seeing it was such a nice evening.
Jill said, "We'll have to go home to get our suits."
Frank replied, "It's dark out, we don't really need our swimsuits." He then looked at me for my reaction.
"Frank's right dear. No one will see us." Frank and I both looked over at Jill.
Jill can't handle much liquor and I think she may have been feeling the effects but still shocked me with her reply, "I guess that would be OK but I want to get in first without you guys watching me."
Frank and I looked at each other like we just struck gold and quickly agreed. Both of us watched closely as Jill got up from her seat and walked slowly towards the hot tub. I was skeptical that she was really going to go through with this. We watched as she unwrapped her kimono and asked me to hold it up as a curtain as a she slipped off her thong and stepped into the hot tub completely naked. The swirling water created by the jets gave her some privacy but, at times, her dark nipples and bare legs could be seen in the full moon lit yard.
I looked over at Frank and started to undress and he quickly followed my lead while Jill held her hands over her eyes, still nervous and shy. I think I saw her peek before we joined her in the hot, churning water. I glanced over and noticed his dick was already growing. We all looked a little tense, not knowing what to say as sexual tension filled the air while we sipped our drinks and made some nervous small talk.
Frank commented on how he found being without clothing in his hot tub more relaxing for some reason and I agreed with him, "There is a certain freedom about being naked that is relaxing."
Jill commented, "I really needed to relax after this week. I've really been tense."
Then Frank made an offer to Jill, "I could massage your shoulders if you like. It seemed to help before."
My heart raced as Jill looked at me, almost seeking my approval. "Go ahead dear. It will help you relax."
She still looked hesitant but moved to sit between Frank's open legs and as she did her breasts came into view for a quick moment before she turned around. It looked like she must have brushed against Frank's cock as she sat down because of the nervous look on her face before she moved forward a bit. I watched as our neighbor placed his hands on my wife's shoulders and neck to begin his massage. Jill moaned as he worked the tension out of her muscles and I could visibly see her shoulders relax as she closed her eyes. His hands then disappeared beneath the water, working his way down her back.
Jill told him, "Frank that feels so good."
My dick got hard watching and there is no way Frank wouldn't be erect while touching my wife's bare skin. He started giving her back slow, long circular strokes and it looked like he started getting closer to her breasts. When Jill didn't object, he got bolder and his hands crept closer and closer to her breasts until finally, his palms swept across her nipples. With no objections from my wife or me, he would continue to rub her back and move to her breasts. No one said a word; the only sounds being Jill's soft moans.
Frank stopped the pretense of giving her a massage and was simply fondling her small breasts and tugging at her nipples. I saw Jill start to sway her back slightly, which I took to mean she could feel his hard on pressing against her.
Jill reached for her drink, took a big gulp, then turned to me and asked, "What do you want me to do Kevin?"
Her question took me by surprise. "What do you mean dear?"
"You know exactly what I mean. Tell me what you want me to do?"
The moment of truth had arrived. Jill was asking me if I wanted to live out my fantasy. Could I really go through with it? Would I chicken out? My dick was so hard it almost hurt as I watched Frank gently massaging my wife's breasts and playing with her nipples while he pressed his dick against her naked back.
I thought I may never get this chance again so I answered, "I want you to suck Frank's cock and then fuck him."
Frank sat silent throughout this conversation, a not so innocent bystander, not wanting to ruin the moment or his chances of being with my wife. Jill then told him to sit on the edge of the hot tub and he quickly complied, exposing his erection as he sat. Jill looked at me once again, before taking another gulp of her drink as if she wanted to give me one more chance to change my mind before she took the next step. I gave her a slight nod and a wink of approval. I watched as she stood up, revealing half of her naked body and breasts. She kneeled on the bench between Frank's spread legs rubbing his legs and thighs. It looked like she was gathering up the courage to go further.
She then reached for his manhood, gripping him in her soft hands then stroking him slowly as she stared at it. She looked up at me one last time and hearing no objection, leaned forward to begin licking his hairy balls. My heart was racing as I watched as my sweet Asian wife lapped at our neighbor's balls on this warm, moonlit evening. She licked and mouthed her way up his shaft, teasing him with her soft lips.
Frank moaned softly and said, "Jill that feels so good. Don't stop."
His hands began to roam through her black hair, holding her head, then pulled her hair behind her neck, giving me an even better view of my wife's as her lips continued to tease his shaft. Jill turned towards me, our eyes locking as she began to lick the head, mouthing it with her lips. She then turned to focus on the task before her, opening her mouth, letting his cock glide along her tongue on its way into her open mouth, her lips closing around it. Her head started to bob up and down; she was sucking his dick. My fantasy was being played out in real life before my eyes. Seeing her blowing Frank was even better than I had imagined it would be.
Frank began to moan louder as Jill expertly gave him a blow job. Her lips wrapped around his member, her tongue swirling over it as she sucked, her hand surrounding the base, jerking him as her mouth worked its magic. Frank's hands found their way down to play with Jill's nipples while he enjoyed her sucking his cock. She began to moan as she blew him. It was comforting knowing she was getting into it, wanting to please him, even enjoying it.
The sight of my petite Asian wife on her knees in the hot tub sucking on our neighbor's dick will forever be embedded in my memory. She looked so sexy taking him between her lips as it disappeared into her throat time and time again. I knew how much I enjoyed her blow jobs and I knew Frank was enjoying this one, especially after not being with another woman for so long. I will never forget the slurping sounds of her cock sucking that evening as Frank began to moan louder, actively thrusting his hips upwards to fuck my wife's mouth.
Jill didn't flinch when Frank announced, "I'm going to cum." He was about to find out how much she enjoyed swallowing a load of sperm. How was he supposed to know that she savored the taste of cum and his warning wasn't necessary?
She began to bob faster as he held her head pushing it further down onto his erection. He began breathing heavier and heavier before moaning even louder then grunting as the first wad of cum shot into my wife's mouth. I knew how good her blow jobs were and I was thrilled Frank got to feel her lips around his cock as he continued to fill my wife's mouth. It got even hotter for me to watch, knowing our neighbor was filling my wife's mouth with his sperm shooting load after load into her.
Jill prides herself on being able to swallow my entire load without letting any drip out but Frank must not have cum in a long time and kept shooting more into her mouth to the point where she couldn't keep up. She gagged trying to swallow it but some dripped out across her lips and down her chin but she kept sucking him. Frank was thrusting himself upwards, filling her mouth with cum with Jill swallowing as much as she could but more kept flowing from between her lips, still gagging at times, but never stopping. She was determined to swallow as much sperm as she could. Finally, Frank began to slow down but Jill kept her lips wrapped around him until she sucked him dry.
She lifted her head to look at his softening dick but quickly lowered herself to begin to lick the cum off his balls and shaft. Staring down between his legs, Jill jerked his cock a couple of times, squeezing a few more drops out of his dick then licking him clean. When she was finished she looked up at me with Frank's cum around her lips and chin. She looked lovely. She stared right into my eyes as she ran her tongue around her lips gathering one last taste of his sperm before she took some water to wash herself off.
Frank told her, "Jill that was the best blow job I've ever had. That was also the best birthday present you could have given me. I really needed that."
Jill blushed and let out a quiet, "Thank you." She looked quite proud of herself knowing how pleased our neighbor was with her cocksucking ability.
I was proud of her myself. I told her, "That was awesome Jill. I loved watching you suck his dick."
Frank looked at us and asked, "Would you like to continue this in the bedroom?"
"It's up to Jill"
Jill simply shrugged her shoulders. She didn't say "no" so I said, "Let's go."
Frank stood up and held his hand out to help Jill out of the hot tub slowly revealing the rest of her nakedness as the hot water dripped from her petite body. She is completely shaven and her sweet swollen pussy lips were now in our sight along with her tight little ass. We both watched her dry off, feasting in the sight of her naked body in the light of the full moon before entering the house. Frank stopped to fix us more drinks before he led us to his bedroom. I was in my glory seeing a naked man leading my nude wife to his bedroom so he could screw her.
Upon reaching his room, Frank sat on the edge of the bed feasting his eyes on my wife in the full light of the room. He drew her closer and began to kiss her while his hand roamed over her bare ass and legs. It's hard to describe the feeling of watching another man fondle your naked wife in his bedroom, enjoying her the way I have so many times. He started to alternately suck on her nipples as his middle finger made its way into her now dripping wet pussy. My wife began to moan to the touch of another man and I was loving it, wanting to see more.
I watched intensely as her nipples got hard as Frank took them between his lips. The sight of his middle finger continuously disappearing between my wife's legs gave me an intense adrenaline high.
He played with Jill's body for a short while longer before telling her to get onto the bed which she readily did while opening her legs, offering herself to whatever Frank wanted to do. He spread her legs wider before lowering his head to taste her pussy. She was so turned on by this time, I know she was dripping cum even before his tongue began to lick her. He ran his tongue up and down and around her lips before sticking it into her. She was letting another man taste her juices and I was a proud husband being a spectator.
Frank tongue her for several minutes before working his way up to lick and suck on her clit. This drove her over the edge and Jill began to cum. She pulled his head closer and thrust her hips toward his mouth as she had one of the most intense orgasms I've seen her have. I saw her juices squirting into his mouth. Frank didn't stop with giving her one orgasm with his experienced tongue. He continued licking my wife's pussy until she had three orgasms. Her face was flush, her breathing heavy as she looked at Frank with lust in her eyes. She was hot as a firecracker that night. As wild as it was watching all of this take place, it was about to get wilder.
After she caught her breath, Frank presented his hard cock to Jill's lips again. She looked so slutty as she took him into her mouth once again. It was even better to see her enthusiasm while sucking him in the full light of the bedroom. He held her head while he fucked her mouth before pulling out and moving between her widespread legs. She lifted her hips while he placed a pillow underneath her for better access.
Then came the moment I dreamed about for years as Frank climbed between Jill's legs, kissing them and even sucking on her toes before placing his hard cock against her hot pussy.
He rubbed it along her lips, teasing her before asking her, "Tell me what you want Jill?"
She was breathing heavy with desire then, while looking directly into my eyes, told him, "I want you to fuck me Frank. I want you to do me in front of Kevin. He's wanted me to fuck you for a long time. So do it, fuck me now, give it to me good and hard."
Seeing Jill with her legs spread wide, her hot pussy exposed, another man's hard cock about to enter her, while she stared at me asking him to fuck her drove me wild. With that, my ultimate fantasy became a reality as I watched Frank's dick easily slide into Jill's awaiting pussy. He pushed the entire length into her, balls deep before he began to hump on her. Jill moaned as he thrust himself into her, wrapping her legs around his back. Frank kissed her deeply as he penetrated my wife, his hands roaming over her naked body and legs while his cock plunged deep into Jill's cunt. I was finally seeing another man screwing my wife. I was in ecstasy, hard as a rock and I wasn't jealous at all.
Frank was really pounding my petite Asian wife as she squirmed beneath him. She was pushing her hips upwards to meet his thrusts, grunting loudly as he plunged himself into her. It was even more enjoyable for me knowing she was loving it too. Her pussy was swallowing his swollen dick. He was using my wife for his own pleasure. Watching all of this was so hot for me. It was my own live porn show with Jill as the star.
He wanted to take Jill from behind and she quickly changed positions, getting on all fours, presenting herself to Frank. He puckered asshole came into view as well as her now well filled her cunt. He grabbed her ass pulling her towards him and began to fuck her hard, so hard their skin was slapping together. I could hear the sounds of her juicy pussy getting pounded and could smell the sex in the air. Frank had come earlier so he was able to last quite a long time. He must have fucked my wife for a good 30 minutes or more before he announced he was cumming. He lunged forward filling my wife's pussy with his sperm while holding onto her ass and hips.
When he was done, they both fell onto the mattress, breathing hard, trying to catch their breath while his dick was still inside Jill. When he disengaged, I saw some of his cum drip from her well used pussy. She rolled over onto her back and looked at me. It seemed as though she was afraid I would be mad because she acted like such a slut tonight.
I looked at my wife and told her, "Honey that was so hot. I loved every second watching you and Frank. Now I want my turn."
She smiled up at me and opened her legs and I quickly climbed between them, gazing at her juicy pussy, dripping with another man's cum. I dreamed of sloppy seconds and gazed at her relishing this moment. Her face was flush from her sex with Frank, her nipples hard and darker, she was sweating which made her body glisten while cum leaked from between her legs. I rubbed myself against her cunt, getting it lubed with Frank's cum before I entered her. Her pussy was so sloppy wet with a mixture of her juices and Frank's sperm. I started to fuck my wife after our neighbor just finished with her. I could hear and feel the sloppiness as I thrust into her. It felt wonderful to be the second man to have her that night. It thrilled me to know that another man just had his way with her moments before me but now she was all mine.
I told her, "I loved watching you blow Frank and swallowing his cum. The sight of his sperm dripping down your lips and chin drove me wild."
She taunted me, "I loved the taste of his sperm. I wanted to put on a good show for you dear."
We went at it harder. "It was so hot to see him eating your pussy, getting it ready to fuck you. I got so hard watching him fuck you Jill."
"I wanted to screw him good just for you Kevin. I wanted to give Frank a great blow job and I wanted to give him a birthday present he wouldn't forget."
We were going at it like wild animals by now and I couldn't hold out any longer. I unloaded my sperm deep into her cunt, adding my load to Frank's. Jill has this way of squeezing her pussy tighter as I cum, milking it out of me. I gave her a couple of more thrusts before pulling out, laying there gathering our composure. We hardly noticed that Frank was watching us the entire time.
When we were done, we went outside to gather our clothes before wishing Frank a happy birthday one more time. Jill kissed him and Frank thanked her for a memorable present. Once we got home, I fucked Jill one more time before we showered and went to bed. I didn't say anything to Jill but there is no way this could be a one-time occurrence. I enjoyed it too much to never, ever experience it again. I only hoped Jill felt the same way.