All the stories I have published on here are true. This story is also true. Only the names are changed.
This story starts about a week before Christmas. My wife was shopping to buy something for me. Her mother was with her.
My wife said to her Mom "I don't know what I am going to get Ben for Christmas. The list he gave me, I gave to everyone else. Everything he wanted is taken care of."
Her Mom said "Stop worrying, we'll find something."
We kept walking thru the mall looking in and out of stores until we came to Frederick's of Hollywood.
My wife said "Lets go in there."
We walked into the store and looked around. A store employee walked up to us and asked "Can I help you?"
My wife said "I'm looking for something for my husband."
The lady said "I know something he may just like and you might like too. Follow me over here."
So we follow the store lady to the other side of the store.
My wife said to her Mom "At least we are in the right part of the store now. You can tell by the clothes."
The store lady stops. She takes something off the clothes rack.
"How does this look? It's a very popular item."
My wife says "That's a nice looking robe."
The store lady hands the robe to my wife. She feels the fabric and says "This feels really soft." She hands it to her Mom.
Her Mom also feels the fabric and says "I like the feel of this, it is soft."
Her Mom hands it back to the store lady who says "I want to show you something."
She spread's the robe out and hangs it up into the light. My wife says "Ohhhh, so it's see thru. I like that. I like that a lot."
The store lady says "Yes, it is. That's why it comes with this."
She hold's up a G-String with a gold cup and says "How do you like this?" She hands it to my wife.
She feels the inside of the cup and says "It is soft. My husband does not have any G-Strings. He needs one, so this will be perfect."
She hands it to her Mom and says "What do you think Mom?"
"I like the fact that the robe is see thru. But if Ben wears this thingy here," holding the G-string up, "his parts will be covered up. Right?"
My wife says "Yes that's right."
Her Mom says "Well, doesn't that defeat the purpose of a see thru robe?" She hands the G-String back to the store lady.
My wife turns to the store lady and says "Don't listen to her. So how much is the robe?"
The store lady says "$69.99."
Her Mom said "How much would it be without that stringy thing?"
My wife said "Mom, please be quiet" and turns to the store lady and says "We want everything. But, what about the size?"
The store lady says "One size fits all."
My wife takes a closer look at the robe and says "It looks like the right size for my husband. I'll take it."
My wife pay's for the robe and we leave. While walking back to the car, her Mom asked my wife a question.
She says "Can I ask you something?"
"Yes Mom, what?"
"Will it be okay with you if I can see Ben with the robe on?"
"If you want too, sure. Ben won't mind."
Her Mom said "But without the stringy thing?"
"Mom, it's called a G-String. I'm pretty sure Ben won't wear it anyway. Okay? Why are you so worried about that? I can't believe you asked the store lady what the price would be without the G-String."
Her Mom said "I don't know why I asked that. But I'm glad he won't wear the G-String when he wear's the robe. Did I get that right?"
My wife said "Yes, G-String, you got it right. Anyway, I don't think the G-String will be big enough for him."
My Mom said "Why is that?
"My Mom said "You will know when you see him in the robe."
My wife has two sisters. One not married and the older one married, but no children. My wife and I have no children either.
The story picks up Christmas night around 9:00 pm. We just finished opening presents.
My wife hands me another present. She says "Honey I forgot this one. I hope you like it."
I take the present and start opening it up. Everyone is watching. I wonder what it is. I remove the wrapping paper. I said "It's a white box."
I remove the tape and take the cover off. I unfold the tissure paper. "It's something black."
I unfold it and see. "It's a robe, a black robe."
I said to my wife "This is a very nice robe. It's so soft. Thank you so much baby. I love it. I really do."
My wife said "I'm so happy you like it."
I said "I do baby, I do."
It was time to pick up. We got a couple of garbage bags and picked up all the wrapping paper and the other stuff. After cleaning up, it was time to retire to our respective bedrooms. The other husband and me slept in the old bedrooms of our wives.
The next morning, the day after Christmas, the 2 other men had to go to work. Elaine's husband and my wife's Father.
That left my wife's Mom, her 2 sisters, my wife and me. That left 4 ladies and me. I was the only guy.
When I got up, I couldn't help but notice immediately, my wife was not in bed with me.
I got out of bed. I sleep in the nude and so does my wife.
I opened the bedroom door and walked out down the hallway. I could hear the 4 ladies talking. They were in the kitchen.
I walked back down the hall and straight to the bathroom Our bedroom door was directly across from the bathroom door.
I closed the bathroom door. I had to pea. I brushed my teeth and combed my hair. I opened the door and peaked around the corner. No one there.
I went back to the bedroom. I saw my new robe lying on the bed. There was a yellow sticky note attached to it with 2 words "WEAR THIS." I guess my wife did this while I was in the bathroom.
I picked up the robe with the sash that came with it. I went back to the bathroom. I put on my new robe. I tied the sash.
When I tied the sash around me, it would not close the front of the robe. About 2 inches was open leaving a perfect view of my dick and balls with my ball rings on. Yes I had on 20 ball rings.
I overlapped the two seams to see if that would work. It closed the seams some what. But I noticed the seams are not even.
The seams are wider at the top so the bottom seams stayed open a little. That was were my dick and balls hanged out. Well at least it's better than a 2 inch gap.
My wife and I are the only one's in the family, that know I wear ball rings. I have a feeling that after today, that's going to change.
So I opened the bathroom door to look around. No one was there. I can still hear them talking. So I walked down the hallway to the living room. When I walked, my dick and balls popped out.
That would of been alright, but the 2 inch gap all the way down the front was back. Nothing I can do about it. That's the way the robe was. My dick and balls with the rings was in plain view for all to see.
I walked into the dining room and peaked around the corner. I could see my wife, her 2 sisters and her Mom sitting at the breakfast table. I tried to get my wife's attention, but to no avail.
So I decided to hell with it. So I stroked my dick to get it hard. I thought perfect. My hard dick and balls, with the 20 rings on. It will be a perfect view for 4 ladies sitting at the breakfast table.
I walked into the kitchen and stood next to my wife. The other 3 ladies were looking at my dick and balls, probably wondering about my rings.
My wife got up and gave me a big hug and kiss and whispered in my ear "It's looks nice on you. I like that everything is in view."
I whispered to her "There was no choice. This is the way the robe is."
My wife said "Well I like that. Okay?"
She turned around and said "This is the robe I bought Ben for Christmas. I like it. What do you all think?"
Mary, the one not married said to my wife "I like that a lot. It's very sexy. Those rings are awesome, especially with his dick hard. Very sexy. I could come over to Ben and have some fun."
My wife said "Remember Mary, Ben's my husband."
She looked toward her Mom and said "So Mom, you've been wanting to see Ben with his robe on. So here he is. What do you think?"
Her Mom said "It looks nicer on him then it looked in the store. I like everything I see. Those rings are interesting. I see why the G-string cup would be too small."
My wife said "You are right Mom. It does look better on him than in the store."
My wife asked her married sister Elaine. "So Elaine what do you think? Do you like it?"
Elaine said "No way Dean would wear a robe like that. He is just not like that? You know what I mean?"
My wife said "Yes Elaine, I know. But what do you think of the robe, Do you like it?"
Elaine said "Of course I like it. Those rings make him look so sexy. And his hard dick looks so oh nice."
My wife said "I love those rings too. Believe me, the rings feel awesome during sex. I feel very lucky having Ben for a husband."
I said "I agree with you honey. I feel lucky having you for a wife."
My wife said "Mary, Elaine. Please get up and come over here and feel this robe. The material is so soft."
They both get up and walked over to get a closer look.
Her Mom got up and said to my wife. I want to feel it again.
My wife said "Sure Mom if you want too."
Elaine felt the fabric around my waist area while taking a closer look at my hard dick and ball rings.
My wife asked Elaine "Doesn't the fabric feel so soft?"
Elaine said "Yes, it is soft." While looking at my hard dick thinking, I would love to grab it and stroke it and suck it right now. Elaine gathered her thoughts and let go of the robe.
The younger sister Mary, felt the fabric right where my dick was pointing out. Her hand was on my dick with the fabric between it. She was rubbing her hand up and down my dick.
My wife said "Mary, that's enough."
Mary said "I was just feeling the material and how soft is was" while walking away.
Her Mom felt the fabric near my dick also. She rubbed the fabric up and down rubbing against my hard dick. She said "This robe is so soft." She asked my wife "Do you know what material this robe is made from?"
My wife said "I don't know." She looked behind my neck for the label.
I said "Honey, the label is not there. It is here." pointing halfway down the robe near the back.
She says "Okay honey. Follow me to the dining room."
When we get to the Dining Room, she says "Take off the robe."
I take the robe off and hand it to her and she says "Wait here, I'll be right back."
I said "Okay." So I am standing naked in the dining room. I start stroking my dick. It didn't take long to get hard again. I just wanted to keep it hard. They all liked my rings. That was great.
I hear someone coming. It's probably my wife. Nope, it's her Mom. I stopped stroking and said "I thought you were my wife." Damn, I am standing completely naked in front of my wife's mother.
She thinks nothing of it and says "They are still looking at your robe."
She looked down at my hard dick and said "You can keep stroking if you want to."
I said "You don't mind?"
She said "I like watching you stroke your dick."
I said "That's okay. Maybe later."
"Don't those metal rings hurt?"
I said "When I first started wearing them, it hurt. But not now. I have on 20 rings and it doesn't hurt at all. I can keep wearing 20 rings until I take them off to clean them."
She says in a exciting voice "You have 20 rings on now!"
I said "Yes. But I can wear 7 more rings. But after a while, 27 rings start hurting."
"Are they heavy?"
I said "If you want too, lift them up and feel the weight yourself."
She grabs my balls, not the rings and lifts them up and says "They feel really heavy."
Her arm is rubbing against my dick keeping it hard. After about 15 seconds she slowly lowers my balls and lets go of them.
She says "Your wife should be here shortly. I need to go to my bedroom for a second. I will be right back."
She walks down the hall to her room.
I'm glad she's gone. I think I should go back to our bedroom. I walked down the hall. I know I have to pass her Mom's room and her door is opened.
I get close to her door and she comes out and says "Where are you going?"
I said "I am going back to our bedroom."
I was thinking, I didn't make any noise. How did she know I was trying to sneak by her door? She must of been watching me.
She says "You will get your wife upset if you go back to your room."
She takes my arm and pulls me into her room. She sits on her bed facing me. My dick is about 3 inches from her face pointing out and still hard.
She says "Did you know I was with your wife when she bought your black robe?"
I said "No, I don't know anything about my robe or where she bought it from."
I said "So everything is okay?"
She said "Yes. Why not?"
I said "Because I am standing here naked with my dick hard and only few inches from you."
She said "That's ok, I don't mind." She grabs my butt and pulls her closer to her. My dick head touching her mouth.
I said "Why did you do that?
She says "I never had a dick in my mouth. I just like to feel what it is like."
I said "You want to feel what it's like on my dick?"
She opened her mouth and moved her head towards my dick. She had my dick about half way in and stopped. She went in and out 3 times then pulled it out completely.
I said "That's enough. No more. My wife is going to kill me."
She said "She won't be mad. I asked her and she said okay."
"My wife said that?"
"Yes she did"
Her Mom said "Anyway I'm glad I tried it. I liked doing that. It was the first time."
I said "Good. What do you have to do now?"
I need to go back to the kitchen and find out what is going on."
I said "Okay. Anymore surprises?"
Her Mom said "Maybe."
I said "What does that mean?"
She said "I can also stroke your dick."
I said "That I can handle. But no more sucking on my dick. Okay?"
She said "Yes that's good. You need to get back to the dining room and I have get back to the kitchen."
I said "Okay. I will follow you back and wait in the dining room."
She heads to the kitchen. I am back in the dining room naked, stroking my dick again, and waiting.
Her Mom comes back and says "So you're still stroking it?"
I said "Yes, just trying to keep it hard."
She said "Would you mind if I stroke your dick now?"
I said "Go ahead and do it."
She grabs my dick and started stroking it. She was okay with that. After about 30 seconds I said "You can stop, that's enough."
She said "Okay", and stopped stroking.
I said "So we are done now, right?
"She said "Yes, we are done. I'm sorry you didn't like what I did."
I said "It's not that I didn't like it. You were fine. It's just you are my wife's mother."
"Yes I understand. Anyway, I came back to get you. It's time for breakfast."
I said "Okay." and walk into the kitchen.. The 2 sisters are sitting at the table.
My wife standing at the stove cooking pancakes.
The kitchen table has a glass top so that gives everyone a good look what's happening under the table.
I stopped next to my wife and to give her a hug. I whispered in her ear, "I love you. You want me to stay naked, don't you."
She said "Yes. Aren't you hungry?"
I said "Yes, very much" and whispered again "I like a blowjob later on."
She turned around and said "I was already planning on that."
I looked at her and said "I think I deserve it."
She said "Me too. Now go sit down at the table. Your breakfast is almost ready." I kissed her again.
She said "Mary, Elaine. Please give Ben room to sit down."
Mary said 'Okay," and got up and said "Ben you can sit here."
I walked over to Mary naked and turned and faced her.
Mary said "You can squish by, Okay?" I squished bye, my dick rubbing against her as I sat down next to Elaine, my left leg rubbing against her right leg.
Mary sat next to me. She had her hand on my right thigh and tickling it and keeping me hard.
My wife was watching what was going on but didn't say anything.
Mary still had her hand on my thigh but now was slowly moving her hand up and down, touching my dick every time. My dick was rock hard now.
Elaine also had her hand on my thigh. She was not moving it but looking down at my hard dick. She was watching Mary.
My wife said "I hope you 2 are behaving."
Elaine said "We are."
Mary said "I'm just having a little fun." Now she was stroking my dick.
My wife brought us breakfast and said "Mary, stop that."
Mary said "I like stroking dicks. Just a little longer, okay?"
My wife said "Okay but I don't want Ben cumming."
Mary said "I wouldn't do that" while stroking my dick.
I was hungry, horny and having a great time. I will let Mary know when to stop.
My wife said to me "You are washing dishes."
I said "Okay, no problem."
My wife said "Good."
My wife and her Mom sat in the 2 chairs on the other side of the table. We all ate our breakfasts. Mary left my dick alone but every now and then she would grab it and stroke it keeping it hard.
Breakfast was good. I thanked my wife. We talked for a while about Christmas and other things but no one mentioned about me being naked. After 30 minutes or so, we got up.
Mary and I picked up everyone's dishes and brought them to the sink.
Mary said "I will dry."
As I was washing dishes, Mary started stroking my dick again. I kept washing. I guess what Mary said she liked stroking dicks was true.
My wife said "You guys almost done?"
I said "Yes, Mary is drying the last 2 plates."
I walked over to my wife who was still sitting in her chair. I was playing with her. I stopped with my hard dick touching her lips. I was rubbing her lips with my dick.
She looked at my hard dick and said "Later."
I said "I know baby."
I sat down on the cushion around the table next to Elaine. Mary sat next to me and said "Thank you for a nice morning."
I said "I liked it too."
I said to Elaine "How was your morning?"
Elaine said "Fine. You know I'm not like Mary. She is not married."
Mary whispered to me "I love sucking dicks too. Actually, I love that more than stroking them."
I said "Whoever you marry will like that."
She said "I'm sure they will."
My wife says "Honey, time to get up. We have to pack."
I said "Okay."
So we walk down the hallway to our bedroom. She sits on the bed and says to me "Ready for a blowjob."
I said "Yes, I have been ready for a long time. Mary, Elaine and your Mom been having a good time with my dick."
My wife said "I know everything that has happened this morning."
I said "Are you sure of that?"
My wife said "Are you alluding to what happened between you and My Mom?"
I said "Yes, your Mom told me you said it was okay if she sucked and stroke my dick. Is that right?"
My wife said "Yes, me and my Mom talked about that yesterday."
"So you know your Mom sucked my dick and stroked it?
My wife said "Yes. I knew My Mom and Mary were going to try something when you were walking around naked with your dick hard. I told them they could try anything as long as it was okay with you. The only caveat was, you could not cum."
I said "I did not cum."
She said "I know."
I said "So, I am not in trouble?"
She said "Of course not. You didn't do anything wrong. So, are you ready to cum now?"
I said "I am ready to explode."
She said "Okay. I am ready for some fresh cum. I guess you are too." She held up a spoon in her hand.
I said "Yes." I smiled at her and said "I'm ready too."
She started talking to my dick "Come on baby, get hard, come on now, you can do it."
My dick starts growing fast until it is rock hard. She's start sucking on it. My wife is very good at this. She knows how to get me to cum.
After a minute or so, she stops and says to me "Baby, I can feel you are getting close."
I said "You're right baby, I can feel it too."
She starts sucking again and I said to her "Damn you are so good at this."
"I can feel the cum oozing from my balls up my dick."
I tell her "Honey it won't be long. I know it's on it's way up my dick."
"Okay Honey, my cum is on it's way." My first cum shot was a long stream and I can tell she swallowed that one fast. Another cum shot in her mouth. She let that one stay in her mouth a little longer.
I know my wife. She enjoys the taste of my cum. She lets some linger in her mouth. She is still stroking and sucking my dick. 2 more cum shots that land in the spoon.
She said "Here honey, open your mouth up." She puts the spoon in my mouth and I lick the cum off until the spoon is cleaned.
I said "I love fresh cum."
A couple more cum shots come out of my dick. And more cum after that shoots from my dick into her mouth. She swallows that fast. She squeeze my dick to get more cum.
Mary walks into the room. "I see I came at the right time."
My wife said "You can watch if you want, we don't care."
She squeezes more to get the last bits of cum. But, a little more cum squirted out. This one is for me. She lets the cum go into the spoon. She squeezed my dick to get more cum out until the spoon is full.
My wife said "Open your mouth for more fresh cum."
I licked the cum off the spoon and licked the spoon until clean.
I said "I can't tell you how much I love fresh cum."
Mary said "Wow, I have never seen a man eat his own cum."
My wife said "We have been doing that since our second date."
My wife said to me "I enjoy your cum more than you. I don't know why your cum tastes so good, but it does,"
I said "It does taste great when I get cum from my dick to a spoon then in my mouth. it's so fresh."
My wife said "Remember honey, I get cum straight from your dick. You can't get cum fresher than that."
I said "I know honey. I like cum straight from dicks too. You know that."
I head into the bathroom, Mary follows me and says "Let me clean your dick."
I said "Sure, go ahead."
What a shock . She took my dick and put it in her mouth sucking the cum left in my dick. She was using her hands squeezing my dick getting more cum. She cleaned my dick with her lips.
Mary and I walk back into the bedroom. Mary says to my wife "I guess you took care of Ben."
She said "I promised him a blowjob. Did you like cleaning his dick?"
Mary said "Yes, very much. And your were right, his cum does taste good."
My wife said "I told you."
Mary said "Darn, to bad I didn't walk back here earlier. I would of liked to watched all of that from the beginning."
Mary grabbed my dick and said "Anything left in it?"
I said "I don't know."
My wife said "Go ahead Mary, there might be a little cum left."
Mary sat on the bed next to my wife. I walked over to her. She grabbed my dick and squeezed it. Her mouth had my dick head in it. Her tongue licked under my dick head. She licked my dick hole. A little more cum did come out. Mary licked that up.
My wife said "I told you."
Mary squeezed to get more, but not much came out.
I said "That's enough Mary."
Mary said "I know."
Mary, my wife and I were started packing up. Mary and my wife were watching as my dick was going down.
Mary said "Your rings are so hot even with your dick soft. You just can't see the rings as well when you dick is soft."
Mary asked my wife "Would it be okay with you to take some pictures with me holding his dick and balls?"
My wife said "Sure I don't care."
Mary hands her phone to my wife. Mary shows her how to use it.
While Mary was sitting on the bed, I come over and stood next to her.
Mary asked my wife "Are you ready?"
My wife said "Yes. I will take a few pictures with you phone and a couple with my phone. Okay?"
Mary said "That sounds good."
Mary grabs my balls, holds them up by her face and holds my dick and kisses it.
I said "Wait a minute. I feel my dick coming up with Mary holding and kissing it."
My wife said "Let me see." She grabs my dick and started stroking it. "It is starting to get little hard."
My wife continued stroking until my dick was hard but not rock hard.
She said "That will have to do."
My wife picks up Mary's phone and tells Mary "go on."
Mary holds my balls back up and started kissing my dick head. It was getting harder. Mary stroked it for a few seconds and then took more photos kissing my dick head.
Mary said "One more photo with his dick head in my mouth."
My wife said "Okay." and took a couple of photos of that on both phones. She took about 15 photos on each phone. She took her phone and took a few more photos.
My wife said "Okay, we are done."
Mary said "Please hand me my phone." She goes thru the photos and says "Okay. I like them."
I said to Mary "Can I see them?"
She walks over to me and shows me every photo, one by one.
My wife says "Honey, I got some good photos too."
Her Mom and Elaine walked into the room.
Her Mom said "Are you about done packing?"
My wife said "Just about."
We just finished getting some photos with each other's phone.
Elaine did something she hasn't done all day. She grabbed my dick and started stroking it. I can't believe my dick was as hard like it was. Elaine continue stroking my dick. I don't know what's got into her. Finally, she stopped stroking.
The other 3 ladies were watching. So was I.
She then sat down on the bed and said "I want to suck your dick."
She grabbed my hand and pulled me closer to her so my dick was close to her mouth. She slid my dick in her mouth and started sucking it. She was taking my dick in and out of her mouth. No one tried to stop her. not even my wife.
This was going on for over a couple of minutes. I can tell I was about to cum again. If she doesn't stop soon, I will cum. I looked at me wife, she just smiled.
I could feel the cum moving up my dick. I didn't say anything because I didn't want her to stop. I shot a load of cum in her mouth. She didn't stop. She kept sucking my dick.
I shot at least 4 more times. Elaine swallowed every drop. She sucked my dick until it was dry. She licked my dick clean.
The other three ladies watched this whole thing. I guess they were shocked like me.
No one noticed. My wife recorded the whole thing as a video. I will watch it when we get home.
Elaine got up and looked around and said "Well you guys were having fun. I just wanted to have some fun too."
No one said anything except her Mom. She said to my wife "Are you packed and ready to go?"
My wife said "Yes."
My wife walked over to Elaine who was still sitting on the bed. She sat down next to her. She asked "Are you alright Elaine?"
Elaine looked at her and smiled and said "I feel great. I done something I been wanting to do all day. I hope you are not mad at me."
My wife said "No, I'm not mad at you."
Elaine said "Well, It was your husband's dick I sucked."
My wife said "Don't worry about that. Everything is okay."
Elaine said to my wife. "Do you have a second?
My wife said "Sure, what's bothering you?"
Elaine said "Just between you and me, I am not happy with my marriage."