A girl goes to work for her Stepbrother
by Vanessa Evans
Part 03
By then we were just going out of the back door. We walked over to where Ben was hoeing a flower bed but had stopped when he saw us approaching. I was brave and kept my hands by my sides.
"Ben, meet Olivia, Olivia, Ben. Olivia is my Personal Assistant who is also living here so you will probably see a lot of each other from now on."
"Aargh, nice to meet you young miss. You look like you'll be doing more than working for Noah, just let me know if you need me to do you for anything for you. I'm quite good at fixing things."
"Oh right Ben, thank you, I'll remember that. I'll try to not get in your way while you're working." I said.
"That's okay miss, it's a pleasure to see you, young Noah has been looking a bit lonely lately. By the looks of you he should be a lot happier from now on."
"Thank you Ben," Noah said, "I'm sure that you two will get along just fine."
Noah and myself went back inside and I said,
"Did you listen to the words he said, everything seemed to point to him looking at me."
"Yes, I noticed that as well but don't worry, Ben is harmless, you could fuck yourself with your new dildo in front of him and he wouldn't touch you. Talking about dildos, we'll get all of yours out and play with them later."
"Hmm, that sounds like fun. Getting back to Ben, do I take it that you want me to use my dildo in front of him? You're not expecting me to let him fuck me are you Noah?"
"Relax Oli, there's no way that Ben would ever try to rape you, he's way too harmless."
"But you want me to let him see me masturbating and using my dildo on myself. It's like you want me to show my body to every man that I see."
"Ben yes, as I said, he's harmless. Other men, not every man, those that I tell you to, those that come here, and accidental exposures, that's all."
"The way you are wanting me to dress those 3 categories probably cover 99% of the male population of the country. Next you'll be telling me to post photographs and videos of me on the internet so that anyone in the world can see me naked and playing with myself."
"Already thought of that and you've agreed to do that, but let's let things settle a bit before we go down that road, you've already had quite a few changes in your life this week."
"That's true, if anyone had told me one week ago that I'd be doing just about any one of the things that you've had me do I would have told them that they needed medical help."
"You have come a long way Olivia and that makes me really proud of you, and it tells me that you are capable of so much more."
"There can't possibly be much that you haven't already made me do."
"I wouldn't say that, I've got a few ideas. Now get out there and improve that tan, and rub one out for Ben. It might make him be a bit more punctual."
I did just that. It took me a while to find the courage to play with myself but I'd followed Noah's instructions to sunbathe with my legs wide open and the more I thought about what Noah wanted me to do, and the fact that Ben kept looking over to me, made my arousal level increase and my reservations fade.
I must admit that it was nice masturbating watching Ben watching me and I was disappointed when I thought I heard the doorbell ringing.
"Not another one," I thought, "another man to see me naked."
I was just about to bring my legs back onto the sun lounger to sit up and get off it when a delivery guy appeared round the side of the house. When he saw the naked me he stopped dead in his tracks and stared at me.
Meanwhile I got up and went towards him.
"I've got a delivery for you. I, I err, normally leave things in your safe place if there's no one in."
"That's okay, I'll take it."
"It's a bit heavy."
"Could you bring it into the kitchen please?"
The man followed me inside and I guessed that he was looking at my butt as we walked.
I then had to sign for it which gave the man a close up view of my front. Whilst he was getting ready for me to sign I felt my nipples and pussy tingle.
"Was I really getting turned on by this man looking at me?" I thought before taking the clipboard and signing.
The man left and I looked at the box. If the printing on the side was correct it was my sewing machine. I went up and told Noah who told me to open it and read anything that I needed to before plugging it in. The package that the postman had brought was the reels of cotton that I would need so I would soon be ready to start shortening the skirts and dresses.
I took the instructions manual outside to read, raising the back of a sun lounger and sitting with my knees up to prop the manual on. It was only when I saw Ben keep looking over to me I realised that my pussy was exposed and that that was what he was probably looking at.
My pussy was tingling and my clit throbbing as I went back to the manual.
Fortunately, the manual was written in plain English and by someone who didn't use technical terms and the majority of it made sense.
About 30 minutes later I noticed that Ben was stood at the foot of the lounger and when I looked up at him his eyes were a lot lower than my eyes.
"Just to let you know that I've finished Miss and I'm off now."
"Okay, thank you Ben." I replied.
After a few seconds pause Ben turned and walked round the side of the house.
I just lay there for a while thinking that I couldn't make up my mind about this being naked all the time. On the one hand it isn't something girls should be doing, but on the other hand it is exciting and I've never been so happy since I came down here. Noah is full of surprises. The embarrassment and humiliation was the same, something that girls shouldn't have to endure, but it's also so exciting and my pussy thinks so as well. It must have leaked gallons of my juices since I got to Noah's place.
I didn't make any conclusions of my thoughts but I also didn't decide that I was going to quit, cancel my contract and ask Noah for the money for me to get a bus back to mum's house. I decided to just keep going and think about it some more some other time.
I also wondered why my right hand kept going to my pussy for a quick play when I was out on the sun lounger. I wondered if my pussy juices had some UV protection and I was subconsciously rubbing it on my pussy to stop me from getting sunburnt there.
After a while I decided to see if Noah was hungry and I went up to see him, carefully checking to see if he was talking to someone on a video call before I went into the study so that the chances of me being seen my one of his contacts were minimal.
He did so I went and prepared a meal.
As we were eating Noah kept asking me questions about how I was and what I was feeling. I managed to assure him that I was okay. The Noah said that it was time to check out my new PPE.
"PPE, isn't that what they wear in factories and hospitals?" I asked.
"Yes it is but PPE is also Pussy Pleasuring Equipment so as soon as you've cleaned up go and get what I bought you and bring it outside.
Ten minutes later I was disturbing Noah who was sat on one of the sun loungers. I think that we'll start with the smaller objects first Oli, get on your back on the lounger, lift your legs as high as you can then spread them as wide as you can.
I did, and I watched as Noah slowly pushed the first of the two silver balls into my vagina.
"It's cold." I said.
"That's because it's made of stainless steel. Don't complain or we'll keep them in the freezer then insert them."
"What is it supposed to do? Because it's doing nothing. I can feel it but that's all."
Noah didn't answer me, he just picked up the second one and pushed it in.
"Now stand up and go for a walk."
I did, just over to the pool and back Then I said,
"I felt a little banging but I'm having trouble keeping them in, they want to slide out of me."
"There's 2 reasons for that, firstly you need to use your vaginal muscles to keep them in and I bet that you aren't; and secondly, you vagina is leaking so much. Go for a longer walk this time, to the front gate and back."
I did, concentrating on using me vaginal muscles to keep the balls in me. What I did notice was that the banging was more frequent and feeling nice. When I got back and told Noah he said,
"Good, that's what they are supposed to do. Apparently, if walk about with them in for long enough you will have an orgasm."
"Nice." I replied.
"Practise wearing them Oli, see how many times one drops out. Remember, the objective is to keep them in,
"And to cum." I added.
"Yes, but don't try to force an orgasm, just let it happen. Now comes another interesting bit, getting them out. Apparently, girls can use their vagina muscles and squeeze them out. Give it a go Oli."
I tried and I tried then said,
"I think that I'm going to need some practise Noah."
"Okay, come closer and spread those legs."
The next thing that I knew was that Noah's fingers were inside me and delving around.
"That's nice." I said just before I felt empty.
Then Noah opened the packaging of the dildo.
"That looks awfully big." I said.
"You pussy will stretch to take it Oli, don't worry. Here, hold it, feel it, squeeze it."
"I like the balls on it." I said as I felt it, then held the end to my vaginal entrance and gentle pushed.
It was a strange feeling but Noah was right, my pussy did stretch and soon I was fucking myself with it. Noah let me do that for about 30 seconds then took it from me saying,
"This egg shaped vibrator will allow me to tease you whenever and where ever we are, providing that I am close to you Oli, its advantage being that there is nothing visible saying that you are wearing it."
"Or me when you are not around Noah."
"True, and you can even go swimming wearing it. We might go to the local leisure centre with you wearing it. Come here and let me insert it."
I did, and it felt big as it slid inside me.
"That feels nice Noah, I could get used to wearing this just about anywhere."
"You may just do that, or the other vibrator that I got you. Try this one for starters."
Noah turned on the vibrations and a contented smile came on my face.
"Not only does the size of it feel nice but the vibrations feel nice as well, really nice, I've never felt anything like it before and I could definitely get used to this all day long."
"Too much of a good thing becomes not such a good thing. You can play with that later Oli. Now for the main event, go and get both your phone and mine, it's in the study."
I did, and when I got back to Noah he had the pink, onion like thing in his hand, complete with a flexible stalk. Noah gave me some instructions and told me to follow them. The vibrator was on the lounger and as I pressed the button for the first time it started vibrating. I was startled and jumped back a little.
"It does that inside me" I asked.
"Yep, and there's more, keep pressing and see what happens."
I did and it started almost dancing around the lounger.
"Good, now pickup your phone and do what I'm about to do on mine."
I did, and soon I was controlling the vibrator with my phone. Then Noah started playing with his phone and after a couple of minutes the vibrator started dancing again.
"Good," Noah said, now I can control it from anywhere. "Put it inside you and let's see what it does to you."
I slowly eased the onion into my vagina so that just the tail was sticking out.
"That makes me feel as full as the dildo does. Have you switched it on yet?"
I saw Noah move his fingers on his phone.
"Oh, oh ohhhhhhh, that's nice."
I watched Noah's fingers moving and the intensity of the vibrations increased.
"Oh jeez. I hope that's at the max."
"No it is not." Noah said and vibrations increased."
My whole body was shaking, even my little tits. My right hand went to my pussy, not to cover it but to grab it to try to decrease the vibrations but Noah was in control of me. I was glad that I was stood up because my feet wouldn't stay still. I was dancing about grabbing my pussy and holding my left arm over my tits.
"Oh gawd, please, ohhhhh, fuuuuuuuuuuuuuck, no, yes, ohhhhh, ohhhhh, I, ohhhh, I'm, ohhhh, cuuu, ohhhh, arrrrggghhhh, ming."
I dropped to my knees then onto my back and my body was still jerking about, and the vibrator still felt like it was dancing about inside me but Noah didn't turn the vibrations off. He waited until I'd cum a second time which left me drained.
I just lay on the grass unable to either say anything or move anything. Noah came over to me and knelt beside me. He bent over and was coming to kiss me when his hand touched my clit and I gasped and had a mini orgasm. That over he did kiss me then he sat next to me holding my hand. After about a minute his hand went to my clit again and I had another after shock mini orgasm.
More minutes later I looked up at him and smiled. I was about to say how wonderful that was but he beat me to it by saying,
"Shall we get your nipples and clit pierced Oli?"
"No Master, not my clit please. I like it as it is and sticking something through it might mean that I loose some sensitivity. My nipples okay I think that I might like having something hanging from them."
"I wasn't actually meaning your clit, I meant your clit hood which has looked pretty redundant since you got here. Maybe we should look into getting a ring for your clit, it's big enough and a ring might keep the blood in it more and make it look even bigger."
"That could be okay, can we look to see what's available and decide then? But my nipples, lots of girls have them pierced so I doubt very much that they would have had them done if they lost some sensitivity."
"You're right Oli, I'll find out where we can get them done."
"Thank you sir."
"Olivia, you don't have to call me Master or Sir or even Boss as often as you do. Ill be happy with Noah."
"Thank you Noah. Can you turn the vibrator up again please, it makes me loose control of myself."
"No Olivia, take it out, I have to be up early tomorrow to go to London and I want to give you a good fucking tonight to give me something to remember during my long journeys.
And that's what we did. During one of the short breaks Noah told me what he wanted me to get done whilst he was away.
*****
When I woke up I was alone in the bed. I shouted for Noah but he had gone. It was yet another glorious day so I decided to go for a swim first. What a refreshing way to start the day, a naked swim.
Bathroom and breakfast over I went through my list of what I had to do for the day, but the first thing that I had to do was put my remote controlled vibrator in, just in case Noah decided to tease me, maybe he'd do it when he was on the train or in a boring meeting. Anyway, I wanted to get prepared for it.
Then it was my sowing, I took a tea towel from the kitchen to practice on as I got used to the new machine then got to work shortening all the skirts and dresses to the length that Noah had told me. As I finished a skirt I tried it on and just knew that I'd have to be careful when I was wearing it, well all my skirts from now on. I no longer owned a skirt that is more than a few centimetres lower than my bum or pussy. I had a few naughty thought as I thought about that, and then another thought,
"Jeez Olivia, Noah HAS turned me into an exhibitionist," and I felt a wet rush.
I kept on sewing until I'd done them all. I just hoped that Noah liked what I'd done, that they were short enough. I was just about to take a cup of coffee out the back when the doorbell rang. I didn't even think about me being naked, or having the pink tail between my legs as I went to the door.
Opening the door I saw a different delivery guy and the smile on his face told me that he liked looking at the naked me. The thing was, I didn't feel at all embarrassed by letting him see me, in fact it was a bit of a turn on.
I put the box to one side so Noah could open it later but I guessed that it was the Laser Hair Removal Tool that Noah had ordered for both of us, then I went out the back where I soaked up the sun. I'd intended to be there for about an hour but after about 45 minutes I got one hell of an unexpected shock. I should have expected it because Noah told me that he might switch the vibrator on but I was just so relaxed and not thinking about my pussy.
I almost fell off the lounger before realising what it was that was suddenly turning my insides to jelly. Noah tormented me for about an hour during which I orgasmed twice. If anyone had seen me dancing about and nearly falling off the lounger numerous times, they would have thought that I was having some sort of fit.
Then the vibrator switched off and I was left to get my breath back for a couple of minutes. My phone rang and it was Noah telling me that his train wasn't far from the station and that he'd ordered a Chinese takeaway for our evening meal and that he should be home before it arrived.
The last hour had left me covered in sweat so I ran upstairs to have a quick shower, I didn't want to hug Noah smelling of salty sweat and suntan lotion. It was a quick shower and I was back in the kitchen getting plates out and expecting to hear the garage door open or Noah walk in but no, the doorbell rang.
"Noah has set me up again." I thought as I went to the front door to take the Chinese delivery.
I was right, but the delivery guy looked creepy, he didn't look Chinese and he didn't sound Chinese so I guessed that he was just and employee of the Chinese which is unusual as they usually keep it in the family. Anyway, not only did he look creepy but he sounded creepy.
As he looked at my naked body he said,
"I like the 2 things hanging from your pussy."
I was confused, I still had the vibrator inside me so that was one thing, but 2? Then I realised that he must mean my clit, was it really so big that he could see it as he stood in front of me. I needed to ask Noah.
Then the vibrator burst into life at full intensity.
"Sugar." I said as my left knee came up and squeezed my legs together.
I was struggling to stay something like still as the man said,
"Someone just switched you on?"
"Yes, err, could you, err, take it, err inside, err, for me?"
I somehow managed to lead the man to the kitchen and he put the bags on the table as he was staring at me doing my best to keep still and not really succeeding, I saw his creepy face and started to wonder if I was safe. He could easily have raped me right there and then,
"Please Noah, where are you?" I said to myself.
My prayers were answered as the door opened and in walked Noah.
"Your Chinese sir," the man said, "the lady asked me to bring the bags in for her. She seems to be having some sort of fit, I was just about to call for an ambulance."
"She's fine thanks, thank you for bringing the bags in."
"I'll be on my way then."
The man left and Noah turned and looked ta me. I was still shaking about and I saw Noah smile then turn the vibrations off.
"He was creepy." I said.
"Sorry Olivia," Noah replied as he came and gave me a hug. "It was a Chinese that I haven't used before, I'll stick to the one that I know next time. I knew that you'd like to be dancing about while answering the door. Shame about the creep, I'll make it up to you after we've eaten."
As we ate I told him about my day and I asked him about his although I didn't understand much of what he said.
I told Noah what that creep had said about my 2 things sticking out of my pussy and asked if my clit was really that big.
"Well," Noah replied, "It's definitely bigger than all the other girls that I've seen but it's not obscenely big, it's about the size of the end of your little finger and because your pubic bone is more pronounced than a lot of girls your clit is more obvious than most girls. I think that your whole pussy looks amazing and I'm going to lick and kiss and chew it until you think that you are about to die when we go to bed.
Then he took me out onto the front lawn and we fucked where anyone passing would have seen us, except that the chances of anyone passing were virtually nil.
Afterwards I modelled all the clothes that I'd shortened and Noah was pleased with my efforts. Then he asked me where the package that had arrived was.
We went to the lounge and I got the package. It was the Laser Hair Removal Tool and we spent the next 30 minutes or so zapping the hairs all around my pussy.
Then I reminded him that he's said that I could use it on him.
It took a lot longer to trim then shave then laser Noah's pubic region, probably because he kept telling me that I was hurting him a little and I had to keep kissing and sucking him to take the pain away. Well that was my excuse.
Finally, 2 bald pubic bones met as I rode him to another double orgasm.
As we lay there recovering, Noah told me that we were going into town the next morning to get the sports clothes that he had forgotten about the last time we were there. I asked him if I could wear more than just one of his shirts this time and he told me that I could wear one of my new, shortened summer dresses.
Then it was to bed, one more fuck, then sleep.
*****
I'd rolled onto my stomach during the night but that didn't stop Noah from fucking me to wake me up. He spread my legs and entered me from behind. When I said 'good morning' he replied,
"I love that your pussy produces lubrication 24 hours a day."
"If you're going to be doing this to me every morning I'm pleased that it does as well, but it's your fault that it does, it didn't before I came here."
"Another plus for you then Oli."
"And I love the feeling of your bare pubes on me as well Noah, please let me laser you again if any hairs start to grow again."
Noah agreed as he slowly went in and out as he continued talking,
"Olivia, there's 2 things that I want you to do for me. Firstly, I want you to write a sort of journal about everything that has happened since you left your home up north, and secondly, I want you to go everywhere in this house and try to bring yourself off on everything that you think might just do that, and that includes dry humping things like table corners."
"The journal isn't such a problem IF you give me the time off to write it, I used to like writing stories at school, but dry humping and inserting everything that I find, wow Noah, that could take years, and if I try to get things like the bed posts on this bed inside me they could stretch me too far. I mean those acorn shapes are huge, I don't know if I'll be able to get one of those inside me."
"Tell you what Oli, find ant try 5 things a day and if you make a list of what you try and if you were successful or not we can go back to the 'not' ones later and try together."
"Okay, but it could take forever there are lots of things that could make me cum.."
"You'll need to start soon then."
After we'd both cum Noah got me to try to impale myself on one of the bedpost acorns. They looked huge but I was very pleased with myself when I actually managed it.
A joint bathroom session followed with lots of hand work by both of us then we had some breakfast before driving in the open top sports car into town. Noah selected the summer dress for me to wear, a strapless one that has elasticated side panels to keep it up and a flat panel across my chest that Noah says 'does my nipples justice'. By that he means that there are 2 dark bulges where my nipples are.
Noah told me not to put the dress on until I had to get out of the car in the car park which worried me a bit as it would be easy for cars or lorries stopped beside the car to look down and see that I was naked. Thankfully, I didn't see anyone looking at me.
When I got out of the car and put the dress on I was a little worried that I'd shortened it too much because when I smoothed it down both they front and the back I could feel the flesh of my butt and my slit, well it was my clit that my fingers found first. Noah said that it looked okay when I wasn't pressing the material against my body. I guessed that I would have to take his word for it but I did know that the pink tail of the vibrator was definitely visible.
I just hoped that Noah would keep me safe.
We had to go into 3 different sports shops to find a skirt that Noah liked. It had to be made of a lightweight, silky material, him telling me that he wanted it to bounce about as I ran or played a sport. In that third shop we also found a matching top that Noah liked, with a V neck and a size too big, Noah saying that he wanted to look down it when I bent forward.
That just left the trainers. He wanted a good pair him saying that there was less chance of me damaging my joints. I wondered just how far he was going to have me running. He also bought me a pair of girly trainers to wear in the gym that he said he would be taking me to.
Unfortunately for Noah, there weren't many people in the that shop and he had no opportunities for me to flash my pussy to, or see me naked when he got me to try on the skirt and top that he bought me.
Shopping done, Noah decided to take me to a fast food place for a bite to eat and he sat me where people could look under the table, him reminding me to sit with my knees well apart, and in that dress there was no doubt what I would be showing.
I saw a few young men looking my way and I wondered if they knew what the pink tail was that was sticking out of my vagina.
What I haven't mentioned about that shopping trip was that it was mostly in a big shopping centre and Noah kept taking me up and down the escalators. What's more he seems to have a knack of arriving at the bottom of them just before young men were about to get on.
I just new that the young men going up behind us would be able to see my butt and pussy, especially as Noah stood in front of me and he told me to stand with my feet apart. One time I turned my head and saw a youth elbowing his mate and pointing at my butt.
As we were driving home I asked Noah why he liked people seeing my naked body and he said that it makes him feel horny and the he just knew that I liked showing my body to men. My instant reaction was to deny it but I'd thought about it before and as I thought about it again right then I decided that I was coming to the conclusion that Noah was right. I was getting to the point that I would admit that I am an exhibitionist.
Back at home Noah got me to shorten my new skirt so that it was as short as the dress that I'd worn that morning, and when I'd done it I thought that maybe I'd made a mistake and cut it too short. Noah said not to worry because I wouldn't be sitting down in it.
Then we enjoyed the sun for a couple of hours before we had to get ready for Noah's Round Table Summer Ball. It took Noah longer to get ready than I did, just a shower, brush my hair, just a little make-up and a quick squirt of perfume. Noah had taken my vibrator out of me when we got back from town and put it on charge. As he pushed it back inside me he told me that he wanted it fully charged for the evening. After that it was just put my heels and dress on and I was ready.
Noah chose the dress that has 3 split in the skirt part, 1 up each side right up to my waist and the third up the middle at the front up to my pussy. All very decent until I walk or spread my legs. The halter top part was the one with slightly wider triangles covering my tits.
The Ball was at a big nightclub in the city and when the taxi got there a man was waiting to open the guests car doors. Noah told me to stay put until the man opened my door for me and I just knew that there was no way that I could get out of the car without giving him a great view of my pussy.
Noah saw my concern on my face and as the man walked round the car Noah said,
"Just do it Olivia, who cares that he gets an eyeful?"
I was really going to reply, "I do," but instead I smiled and when the door opened one leg went out and I slowly pulled myself out whilst looking at the man's eyes. He didn't see me looking because his eyes were looking way below mine.
When I was on my feet the man looked up to my eyes, I smiled and thanked him.
As I walked away I silently cursed myself,
"Why am I thanking him for letting him look at my pussy?"
I linked arms with Noah and we walked in, me knowing that anyone looking would be able to see my slit. probably my clit as well and definitely the tail of my pink vibrator. The happiness of being at such a do with Noah was over-riding any embarrassment for being exposed.
The nightclub was posh with at least 2 areas (that I saw) for guests. We were led through a huge room with a stage, a big dance area, and seating all around the outside, to a much smaller room. It too had a smaller stage complete with poles and I wondered if we would see pole dancers. There was also a dancing area and quite a few tables all with place settings for guests to eat meals.
About 50 youngish people were spread across the tables and a man approached us and asked Noah what his name was. We were then directed to a table.
At that table there were 2 other couples that Noah knew, both looked to be in their late twenties. As the men introduced the women to everyone both women, Carol and Annie, commented on how nice my dress looked. By then I was just stood there so my slit and pink tail were hidden. I wondered if any of them had seen me walking up to the table, if they had and they looked at my crotch they would have seen everything.
I was sat next to the partner (Tom) of Carol and he couldn't take his eyes of my legs. He couldn't see my pussy but he could see my bald pubes, more so because I remembered that Noah doesn't want me crossing my legs.
Anyway, conversations soon started and soon we were joined by another young couple.
The wine came and everyone was getting along just fine although I was answering a lot of questions about my past and my relationship with Noah. Of course I didn't say anything about the nudity or the sex, I figured that Noah would add those bits if he thought it was appropriate.
About half way through the main course a photographer came round, I'd seen him at other tables taking photos of just about everyone and soon he was going round our table too. When he took a photo of me I heard Carol and Annie gasp a little but thought nothing of it and soon we were back to the eating and talking.
Shortly after that Tom leaned over to me and said,
"Nice pokies Olivia, just how I like them."
My jaw dropped for a couple of seconds then I managed to say,
"Thank you Tom, but a gentleman doesn't talk about such things."
"Then it's a good thing that I'm not a gentleman."
I turned to Noah and asked him how his food was.
As soon as the meal was finished people relaxed and all 4 guys at our table wanted to take their own photographs, only this time, of people stood up, with our partners and with others. I stood with my legs together so I knew that I wasn't showing anything.
Girls being girls, when one wants to go to the 'powder room', they all want to go, our chance to have a little girly gossip. As we were stood in there with some of us checking our
makeup, Annie said,
"Olivia, did you know that your dress becomes totally see-through when camera flashes go off?"
My instant reaction was to look in the mirror to make sure that it wasn't see-through right then. Okay my nipples were making pokies but that was all.
"You're joking right?" I asked.
"She's not," Carol replied, "I could see every little curve and bump of your totally naked body and your vibrator when the guys were photographing us. Is it switched on?"
"Oh my gawd, please guys, if anyone tries to take a photo of me will you stand in front of me please? It's not see-through now is it?"
"Relax Olivia," Annie said, "We'll look after your modesty and secret, your dress is obviously made of one of those material that goes invisible under bright lights and the lights in here aren't very bright."
"Except for the camera flashes." Carol added.
"Thank you ladies." I replied.
When we got back at the table Noah was on his own on our side of the table so I could have a little private chat with him.
"Did you know that my dress was see-through Noah?"
"I didn't know, but I thought that there was a chance that it might be."
"And you let me wear it knowing that?"
"I wasn't sure, and besides Oli, you like people seeing your naked body."
I started to deny it but then stopped myself. Noah was right, I'd already worked out that he was right ages ago.
Then I felt the vibrator burst into life and I gasped. I looked at Noah and saw his phone in one of his hands. Thankfully, Noah set the vibrator to low intensity.
"What are you doing Noah?"
"Just warming you up a bit Oli."
"What for, we're in public, you know lots of these people."
"I might want to take you into a quiet corner and fuck your brains out."
"That sounds nice."
I 'endured' the vibrations for the next 10 minutes or so, trying to join in the conversations then we hear someone talking through some loudspeakers. It turned out that it was the MC for the night. He was stood on the little stage and he announced that there would be dancing for an hour then a bit of Round Table business followed by a comedian for about an hour. After that there would be dancing until the early hours.
As soon as the music started Noah took my hand and led me to the dance floor. It was strange dancing with a vibrator purring away inside me. One thing that I didn't think about when the lights dimmed and the coloured lights started flashing was the white strobe lights that moved around the room. It was about 30 minutes later that I happened to be looking down at my front when the bright, white, strobe light moved over me and I saw that what Annie had said was right, for a split second I saw right through the dress material.
I may have been showing a lot of bare leg right up to my waist as I danced, but anyone who looked at me when that bright, white light passed over me would be able to see everything.
It was around then that I noticed that there were quite a few people around Noah and me who were looking my way. Noah was one of them and he saw the concern on my face. Leaning down to my ear he said,
"Pretend that the dress is a nun's habit."
I smiled and realised that that was good advice, but it wasn't as easy as said, although the vibrator was getting me aroused and therefore not caring about any exposure.
Two of the other couples at our table joined us and it was the guys who were facing me all the time.
"Nun's habit." I kept saying to myself.
Eventually, the dancing stopped and everyone went back to their tables, Noah sitting very close to me and his right hand between my thighs which were a bit wet because the vibrator was still making me feel good.
Fortunately the Round Table business didn't take ling because Noah's little finger was stimulating my clit. Thankfully, he'd switched the vibrator off.
Then it was the comedian, a man in his late twenties and he was good. He had the whole room in stitches which was good for me because it took my mind off my arousal and Noah had to remove his hand to clap.
The man went on and on with the audience hardly stopping laughing. Eventually he stopped cracking jokes and got serious. He told us that as well as being a comedian he was also a bit of a hypnotist and was prepared to try to hypnotise some of the audience if anyone volunteered.
Well Noah's hand went up along with quite a few others but the comedian picked 2 people from near the front who he called up onto the stage. There was no watching a big fob watch on a chain as it swung in front of the 'victim' he used an app on his phone for them to stare at.
What's more, it appeared to work as the 'victims' did silly dances and made stupid noises. This went on for about 10 minutes then he took them out of their hypnotic trance and thanked them for volunteering.
Then he asked everyone if they would like to see a young lady hypnotised in a more 'age relevant' demonstration of suggestive hypnotism. As everyone was giving him the go-ahead I should have realised what was going to happen, but I didn't. When he asked for a young lady to volunteer Noah was the first of 3 men to get to their feet to volunteer their partner.
Because Noah was first he was asked to bring his young lady to the stage. I was quite nervous as Noah took my hand and led me through the other tables to the stage to much applause from everyone.
As we were getting close to the stage I heard the comedian say,
"Wow, what a stunner, you're all going to enjoy this."
We climbed up the few steps onto the stage and the comedian asked for our names then said,
"You can call me Luke. Well Olivia, that's a lovely dress that you have on, are you ready to be hypnotised?"
"I don't know, I'm nervous." I replied.
"There's no need to be nervous Olivia, you are not going to be hurt in any way. As I said, it's suggestive hypnotism so you won't have to do anything that you don't want to."
When he said that I saw him wink at Noah. Then he took Noah to one side and covered his microphone. I couldn't hear what was said but Noah was smiling. Coming back to me he said,
"Relax Olivia, I'm not going to make you do anything that you don't really want to do and all along you will know what you are doing and you will remember everything afterwards. Now Olivia, I want you to watch the screen on my phone."
As the spinning spiral on the screen went round and round I stared at it and I found my mind going blank. After a couple of minutes the phone was removed and I just stared ahead.
"Okay Olivia, tell everyone your name."
I did.
"Now Olivia, you aren't nervous now are you?"
"No Luke."
"You will be answering all my questions truthfully won't you Olivia?"
"Of course I will, I never tell lies."
"Your nipples are making nice big pokies, you're not finding it cold in here are you Olivia?"
"No Luke."
"Did you forget to stick pasties on them or do you like people seeing them sticking out?"
"I didn't forget and I think that I must like people seeing my bumps."
"You like people imagining what is behind the thin material of your dress?"
"Yes Luke."
"So you must be finding it arousing being up here wearing just that dress."
"Yes I do."
"I understand that you have recently moved down here from the frozen north, are you finding it a lot warmer in this part of the world?"
"Yes I am."
"And you've started wearing a lot less clothes?"
"That's right."
"Have you started sunbathing naked Olivia?"
"Yes I have."
"Did you find it exciting?"
"Yes I did."
"Did it make you want to play with yourself?"
"Yes Luke."
"Is it just at home that you've been naked Olivia?"
"No, I had to get naked in clothes shops."
"And did strangers see you naked?"
"Yes they did."
"That was a turn-on for you wasn't it Olivia?"
"Yes it was."
"You like the idea of taking your clothes off and letting people see you naked don't you Olivia?"
"Yes I do."
"And you like the idea of masturbating for them don't you Olivia?"
"Yes I do."
"Maybe later Olivia but from now on you will not be embarrassed by anything that you do will you?"
"No Luke."
"So you are working for your stepbrother Olivia, is he a hard taskmaster?"
"He seems to be a hard Master most of the time Luke."
I heard a few laughs from the audience.
"Has he spanked you Olivia?"
"No, but I'm expecting to be spanked at any time."
"You would like to be spanked soon then Olivia?"
"Yes, Noah tells me that I might cum."
"You want to cum then Olivia?"
"Yes of course I do, cumming is wonderful."
"And you want to be spanked on your bare bottom don't you Olivia?"
"Yes, I thought that all girls got spanked on their bare bottoms."
"Who told you that Olivia?"
"The girls at school."
"Did you get spanked at school Olivia?"
"No, it's illegal."
"So I'm guessing that the other girls got spanked at their home."
"Probably, but one girl said that she got spanked by her gymnastics instructor."
"Did you see that?"
"No, I was poorly that week."
"So you went to gymnastics classes Olivia?"
"Yes I did."
"You would like to show us some of the stretching exercises that you did wouldn't you Olivia?"
"Yes I would, but my dress would get in the way and I don't want to tear it., Noah paid a lot of money for it."
"You do know that there is a solution to that problem don't you Olivia?"
"Yes I do, would it be a problem if I take my dress off Luke?"
"I think that it's best if you ask everyone here Olivia."
"DOES ANYONE MIND IF I TAKE MY DRESS OFF? I shouted.
I didn't hear anyone objecting so I reached behind my neck under my hair and pulled on the bow holding my dress up. As it slid to the floor, revealing my naked body, I heard some gasps from the audience. Luke let everyone absorb the sight of my naked body for a few seconds then he said,
"You're wearing a vibrator Olivia, is it switched on?"
"No, I didn't bring my phone, but Noah has his and he can control it."
I saw Noah holding up his phone but Luke said,
"I think that we'll keep that pleasure for later. You were going to show us some gymnastics stretching exercises Olivia."
"Oh yes, you'd better step back Luke."
He did and I started doing the stretching exercises that I'd done in the gymnastics club after school. I didn't remember them being so pussy revealing but there again, I wore a leotard at the school gymnastics club and there wasn't a pink tail sticking out of my vagina. I wondered if I would have been able to do those exercises if Noah had switched it on.
Five minutes later I stopped and was amazed that the audience actually gave me a round of applause.
"Well done Olivia," Luke said, "that was very impressive. You did enjoy displaying your pussy to everyone didn't you?"
"Yes I did."
"Now, where were we before you decided to show your pussy to everyone here? Oh yes, spanking, you said that you would like to be spanked."
"I did, I want to know if I cum whilst being spanked."
"Well you have to remember Olivia, that girls who do cum when they are spanked don't cum every time and not every girl is so lucky, It depends upon the severity of the spanking, where they are, who they are with and how aroused they are before the spanking starts."
"So if you were to spank me now I wouldn't necessarily cum?"
"That's right, so perhaps you would like some members of the audience to spank you to see if that increases the chances of you cumming."
"Would they?"
"You had better ask them."
"WOULD ANYONE BE KIND ENOUGH TO SPANK MY BARE BOTTOM?"
Quite a few men's hands went up, and so did a couple of women's hands.
"Well Olivia it looks like it's your lucky night. Instead of them coming up here why don't you go down there and go from table to table and ask who would like to spank you."
"That's a good idea Luke."
"And whilst you are down there some people might like to touch your tits and pussy, you'd like that as well wouldn't you Olivia?"
"That would be nice too."
"Off you go Olivia, I'll wait for you over where Noah is."
"Thank you Luke."
I went down the steps that led from the stage and to the nearest table as Luke announced,
"Ladies and gentlemen, you have all heard Olivia's request and I hope that you will help her in any way that you can. Remember, my suggestive hypnotism does not make the subject do anything that they didn't already want to do so there will be no repercussions at a later date. Olivia has already given you her consent in front of lots of witnesses, but can I request that you give her no more than 5 spanks each, we don't want to be here all night.
At the first table I again asked who would like to spank me and was pleased when 3 of the men there said that they did. I went to the nearest and stood in front of him and looked down at the seated, middle-aged man. His eyes were looking at my chest. He patted his lap so I lay over it and waited. As I lay there I looked around at the people all looking at me. I presumed that it was his wife that was sat nearby and she was smiling.
His hand came to my cheeks, moved around for a second then disappeared. Then the first swat landed. As I've said before, I had never been spanked before so I didn't really know what to expect but I hadn't really expected it to hurt as much as it did.
I yelped and moved my free hand to try to cover my butt, but another man's hand grabbed my wrist and pulled it away. Four more swats landed on my butt in rapid succession before the men let go of me and I could get to my feet. My butt hurt but surprisingly not that much.
"Who's next?" I asked.
I didn't have to go far before I was over another lap. This time it was a younger man and his wife / girlfriend held my hands in a sort of gentle way as if she was helping me. The thing was, as I lay over his lap I could feel something hard pressing onto my stomach, it was either his cock or he had stuffed a dildo down his trousers. The other thing was that he eased my legs far apart so that the people behind me could see all of my pussy.
The 5 swats that he gave me didn't hurt as much but what I did notice was the physical shock of my butt being hit sent a bolt of something directly to my clit, and that felt nice.
The next 4 men that spanked me were all gentler than the first man. Two of them got me to spread my legs and two of the let their hands linger and wander a little when they landed on my butt.
It was the sixth gentle swatter that was more interested in groping my pussy than the actual spanking and after each swat I felt a finger go inside me for a second then the finger flicked my clit.
As I stood up from that assault on my butt and pussy I looked at the man and realised that it was Tom from my table and he'd just fingered me. I looked around for Carol and saw her smiling at me. I smiled back.
The next 5 swats were from a young woman not much older than me. They were quite gentle and so were her fingers as she toyed with my clit between each swat.
By that time I knew that I was getting aroused and that my butt, which had not got to the point of me crying, was sending a very pleasant jolt to my clit each time that a swat landed.
The next person to spank me was another young man, and he too was more interested in what he could do to my pussy than the actual spanking. I was starting to think that is wasn't a spanking tour of the room but a pussy groping tour of the room but my pussy wasn't complaining, and I guess that the people behind me each time that I lay across a lap and had my legs spread wide weren't complaining either, nor the men whose lap I was laying across and pressing my stomach on their hard cocks and were fingering me.
It was about the ninth lap that I was laying over that the man's fingers finally made me cum, and it was an intense one that I hoped Noah was seeing and was proud of me. My feet rose so that my whole body was rigid and parallel to the floor. I know that I was screaming,
"Yes, yes, yes."
But I wasn't sure what else was going on, my brain was a little occupied. I do know that after the waves had rolled over me I vaguely remember the man saying something about me staying where I was all night and then me realising that the swats had stopped.
I got to my feet and started looking for another man's hand in the air when I heard Luke's voice telling me that it would be a good idea for me to return to the stage. I was a little disappointed because I'd seen 3 men's hands in the air.
As I climbed onto the stage Noah put out his hand for me and I took it. He whispered that he was proud of me as I walked over to Luke who had got a chair for me to sit on.
"Would you like to sit Olivia, or is your butt too hot and sore?"
"It's fine thank you." I said as I sat, remembering to not cross my legs.
"So Olivia, you did enjoy walking around the audience and getting spanked didn't you?"
"Yes I did Luke."
"Did any of the men finger your pussy whilst they were spanking you?"
"Yes they did."
"Which ones? No, don't tell everyone, you'll make their wives jealous. Was it the spanking or the finger fucking that made you cum Olivia?"
"I'm not sure."
"So you didn't slip a hand under yourself and bring yourself off then Olivia?"
"No, there was always something hard in the way."
I hadn't intended that to be funny but a few people in the audience seemed to think that it was.
"You did enjoy that orgasm didn't you Olivia?"
"Yes I did, I always enjoy orgasms, even the little ones."
"The problem is Olivia, only the people close by saw you cumming and all the other people missed out on that beautiful sight. Don't you think that it would be a good idea if everyone could see you cumming?"
"Yes I do, but if I tried to go to every table and someone made me cum I'd be so exhausted that I'd collapse."
"But there is another solution Olivia, one where everyone could see you making yourself cum."
"And what would that be Luke?
"Well Olivia, you are sat up here where everyone can see you and there are spotlights on you."
"You want me to make myself cum right here and now?"
"Don't you think that that would be a good idea Olivia?"
"I guess that it would, okay then."
Luke turned to the audience and said,
"Ladies and gentlemen, it would appear that our beautiful young guest has decided that it would be a good idea to to show everyone how she pleasures herself. Just one thing before she starts, can Noah please confirm that the vibrator is not switched on, I'm sure that we all want Olivia's orgasm to be 100% naturally induced."
I turned to look at Noah who took his phone out of his pocket and put it on the table in front of him. Luke then turned back to me and said,
"Okay Olivia, give it you all."
Without the slightest hesitation or embarrassment I slid my butt to the front edge of the chair, leant back and spread my legs as wide as I comfortably could. Then my left hand went to my right tit and my right hand to my pussy.
As I slowly started rubbing I looked out over the deadly quiet audience and realised that I was a bit nervous, not because of what I was doing, more from the expectations of everyone in the audience. I just hoped that they wouldn't be disappointed.
Anyway, as my hands got to work I soon forgot about my nerves and the tingling that had been in my groin all evening got stronger again. As I twisted and pulled on my nipples the little bolts of pain shot from my nipples to my clit which felt bigger than I had ever known it to be.
I don't know how long it took me to get to the point of no return, it could have been tens of minutes or tens of seconds but I heard myself say,
"I'm gonna cuuuummmmmm. Ohhhh. Arrrrrrrrrr. Oh fuuuu. I'm cuuuuuuuuuuuummmmmming."
And my body went rigid on the chair, my left hand pulling on a nipple and my right hand cupped my vulva, my middle finger bent inside me and up alongside the pink vibrator's antenna.
When my body relaxed it started shaking with the occasional jerk when my thumb touched my clit.
Just as I was starting to return to something like normal the vibrator burst into life. I looked over to Noah and saw Luke holding Noah's phone and one of Luke's fingers touching the screen.
As the vibrations got more intense I got to my feet, my left hand pressed on my right tit and my right hand firmly cupped my pubic bone pressing on my clit and my middle finger just inside my vagina. As well as the vibrations doing whatever to my insides, my middle finger could feel them as it rested alongside the antenna not far from where it joined the vibrator.
Those vibrations were going from my middle finger through my hand to my clit and it felt nice, really nice.
As my body danced about my hands gripped whatever they could and my legs tried to clamp together to try to lessen the effects that the vibrator was having on me. Instead of the intensity of the vibrations going up and down they stopped changing and stayed on the most intense.
My body just could not, not orgasm again although some people may not have been able to tell which part of my body movements was caused by just the vibrator or my orgasm. Hell, I don't think that even I could tell.
Luke, and probably Noah, were torturing me on that stage in front of all those people and there wasn't a thing that I could do about it, except black out, and just as I was getting to that point the vibrations stopped and I managed to stay on my feet.
Both Luke and Noah came over to me, Noah putting an arm round me to help support me.
"Well ladies and gentlemen, I'm sure that you'll agree that that was one hell of a performance, one that Olivia should really be proud of and one that I think she will remember for years to come."
After all the applause died down I realised that I had been smiling. I had enjoyed it, and yes, I would remember it for may years to come. I looked up to Noah and mouthed the words 'thank you'. Noah gently squeezed my still very naked body.
"Ladies and gentlemen, the last time that I did this suggestive hypnotism on a young lady her partner asked me to leave her with no concept of embarrassment or shame but Noah tells me that he likes seeing Olivia embarrassed so he has asked me to return her mind to it's original state. However, when I was talking to Noah earlier he agreed to me leaving a trigger in Olivia's brain that when a certain word is said Olivia will return to her current state of mind and embarrassment will be a word that is alien to her. Now, the question is, do you, ladies and gentlemen want me to return Olivia to her original state of mind now, or do you want Noah to use that magic word later this evening?"
I was understanding everything that Luke was saying, and in a way I was pleased when the majority of people wanted Noah to have the control over me. Luke then came directly in front of me, got his phone out and set THE app running again. As I watched the spiral go round and round Luke said a few words to me then thanked Noah and myself for being such good sports then said goodnight to everyone.
Music soon started up and Noah took me to our original table. On the way I asked Noah where my dress was and he told me that it was in his jacket pocket. I didn't ask for it back and stayed naked for the rest of the evening.
The other guys on our table bought couple of bottles of champagne and soon everyone was toasting me and my bravery. I guess that most girls sat there as naked as I was, would have been embarrassed as hell but Luke's 'spell' hadn't been cancelled by Noah so just acted like I was fully dressed.
It was time for some ballroom dancing and I was happy that my mother had taught me the basics because all 4 guys on our table took it in turns to take me for a dance or 2 or 3 and I felt all 4 hard cocks pressing on my stomach. I enjoyed Noah's the most because I just knew that as soon as we got home that cock would be inside me.
Noah still hadn't said that magic word before the evening came to a close, although he did tell me that the word was one that he could easily slip into a conversation and that he may have already said the word.
I didn't ask for my dress back and the queue of taxi drivers that were waiting to take us all home got a pleasant surprise as I walked out hanging onto Noah's arm and feeling quite happy.
I also saw the driver looking in his rear view mirror quite a lot on the journey, maybe more times than I realised because Noah was playing with one of my nipples for some of the time and my eyes were closed as my nipple enjoyed the attention.
The taxi was slow driving off after we'd got out and I assumed that the driver was watching my bare butt as we walked down the drive.
We went to bed almost straight away but it was another hour or so before we got to sleep.
*****