I heard the front door slam shut. It was unlike Takuya to bang doors. I went to greet him and see what, if anything, was wrong.
He was hanging up his jacket as I entered the hallway. His head lowered, he turned to face me.
"Takuya?... Oh my God, what happened to your face!?!" I cried, shocked at his swollen, black eye.
"I HATE IT HERE!" he shouted at me, pushing past as he stormed into the kitchen.
"Please talk to me Tak! What happened!?!" I pleaded.
He took a deep breath, obviously struggling to contain his emotions.
"Some fucking asshole started a fight with me after school!... I was just walking by a group of guys and one of them stopped me. He said I was showing off in class by answering the teacher's questions... As I tried to walk away, he tripped me! I stood up and tried to say something, but he punched me!" He began to sob as he recounted his story. "I fell on the ground and he kicked me... Everyone just watched..." he said, his voice breaking as he remembered the humiliation.
My heart broke for him. I had hoped when we moved here, he could find new friends and be happy again. But during the 18 months since we had moved to America, he hadn't made a single friend. I had been worried about him before this, now I was beside myself.
"I hate this place!... I want to go home!" he snapped.
"Oh Tak, I'm so sorry!" I said, tears welling in my eyes. "Tomorrow, I will go to your school and have a word with the principal..."
"NOOOOO!!!" he practically yelled. "You want people to think that I'm weak AND get my Mommy to fight my battles!?!"
"I'm sorry Tak! I don't know how to help! What do you want me to do!?!" I asked him desperately, a tear now rolling down my face.
"Unless we move back to Japan, there's really nothing you CAN do, is there!?!" he snarled at me. I was taken aback by his vitriol. This was no longer the soft-spoken young man who had left Yokohama.
"You know we can't do that Tak... Your father's job is here now."
"Well, I'm glad both of YOU are so fucking happy here!!!"
He stormed upstairs, leaving me alone. I called after him, but he ignored me. I heard him lock his bedroom door.
Drained and overwhelmed, I sat down and began to weep.
Tak didn't emerge again that evening. I tried knocking on his door, but he told me to go away.
I spent the whole evening worrying.
Tak's father was travelling for business, so I decided not to burden him with this news until he came home.
When I tried to sleep that night, I had dark thoughts of Takuya slowly becoming a bitter, isolated man or worse... hurting himself. I tossed and turned, my mind filled with anxious dread that only a mother can know.
I had to help him somehow.
But how?
He was right, I couldn't fight his battles for him. He was a small guy, like his father. Even in Japan, Tak's classmates were usually a few inches taller than he was. Here, they were even bigger. I had hoped Takuya would inherit his height from my family. Unfortunately however, at 5'8 I was taller than both my husband and son by at least 2 inches.
I knew I could not intervene through school channels... but there had to be SOMETHING I could do!...
I must have fallen asleep at some point, because I woke with a start. An idea had manifested in my mind. It was a long-shot and I wasn't exactly sure how to go about it, but at least it was something I could attempt on my own. And without humiliating Takuya.
I stared at the ceiling, deep in thought.
If it worked, Tak could be happy again. With luck, I'd have my bright, smiling boy back.
I turned over and managed to go back to sleep.
-----------------------------------------
The next morning, I got up early and made pancakes with strawberries for breakfast, one of Tak's favorites. He sullenly picked at them, his appetite apparently gone. His eye was almost fully swollen shut. I could only imagine how much he was dreading the day ahead, somehow explaining what had happened to teachers, while other students snickered and whispered behind his back.
"Tak, if you want, you can stay home from school today." I offered. "No harm missing one day..." It was Friday, so he would have the weekend to recover.
His uninjured eye looked at me hopefully, reminding me of the young boy he had been. "Really?..."
"Yes, it's ok."
"Thanks Mom..." He began to eat his pancakes, and I sighed inwardly with relief.
After breakfast, he went to his room to play videogames. I told him I was going to run errands and I'd be back after lunch.
At noon I drove to his school. I got out of my car and walked slowly around the building. I started to wonder if my plan wasn't quite as good as it had seemed at 3am, until I saw a male student sitting on his own, idly flicking through his phone.
He was big for his age, I thought, and appeared to be quite muscular. I guessed he was a senior and probably some kind of athlete.
He wore ripped jeans, trendy sneakers and a grey t-shirt. He had dark, curly hair, a strong jawline and light stubble.
Shit... Was I really going to do this?
I thought of Takuya's black eye. Whatever it took to protect my son, I would do.
"Hi there!" I said, timidly.
He looked up at me with dark brown eyes.
"Hi." he replied, his eyes widening slightly as he looked me up and down. He seemed surprised, he probably thought I was looking for someone else.
"My name is Akiko, my son is a student here." I said.
"Oh. You're... Japanese?" he said with curiosity.
"Yes." I replied.
"Is your son the guy who... got into a fight... yesterday?" he asked, cautiously.
"Ah... yes. I'm afraid so."
"I see. Are you looking for the principal's office?" He suddenly stood up, as if to direct me to the office. I was surprised by his height, he was probably 6'2 at least.
"Uh, no. Not exactly. It's, uh, a little complicated. I know this sounds strange, but would you mind if we spoke somewhere... more private?"
He looked at me a little suspiciously.
"I, uh... I had nothing to do with the fight... Mrs...?"
"Harada."
"Right, Mrs. Harada. I wasn't even there for it. I probably would've stopped it if I seen it, to be honest." he said, earnestly.
His answer made my heart swell with hope.
"I'm glad to hear that..."
"Rob." he said, sweeping a curl behind his ear.
"I'm glad to hear that, Rob. I didn't think you did, but I have a... proposition for you. If that's the right word."
His brow furrowed with uncertainty.
"Hmmm... Ok, I guess. I don't have long til class. Uh, where do you want to chat?"
"I'm parked over here, if you want to sit in my car for a few minutes?"
"... And you definitely won't kidnap me?" he asked, a glint of dark humour flashing across his eyes.
I laughed. "I promise, I'll try not to!" He grinned and followed me to my car. Once inside, I turned to him, realizing how awkward it was to be so close to a stranger. For some reason, I felt I could trust him.
"To be honest... Rob... I'm hoping to find someone who will... keep an eye out for my son, Takuya." I began.
"Ahhh... I get it." Understanding my motive seemed to make him relax a little.
"You said that you would have stopped the fight if you were there. I think you're probably a good guy. And you're obviously... strong." My gaze dropped briefly to his large biceps. I wondered what sport he played. "If you'd look out for him, I would be happy to pay you. Say, $100 dollars a week?"
He smiled to himself. I wondered what he was thinking.
"Tell you what... I'll keep an eye out for him. Don't worry about paying me, Mrs. Harada. It's not a big deal."
I was genuinely astounded by his kind compassion and maturity.
"Really? I'd rather give you the money. Please take it." I implored him. "It would mean a lot to me if I knew Tak wasn't going to be... embarrassed again."
He smiled again, and I noticed for the first time how handsome he was.
"The guy who picked on your son, Anthony Squires, is a fucking dickhead anyway. No one likes him. Really, it's fine Mrs. Harada. I'll say it to the guys on the football team. We'll make sure no one fucks with Tak again."
"Are you sure?" I asked, daring to hope this young man was all he seemed.
"Yes, it's cool." he said.
I was overwhelmed with relief and appreciation. We exchanged numbers in case he needed to contact me.
"Thank you, Rob. If you do find that you need the money for whatever reason, I will set it aside just in case. One last thing... Can you make sure this doesn't get back to Takuya?"
He nodded solemnly. "No problem, Akiko."
"Thank you... Rob." His eyes lingered on me for a few seconds, mainly focused on my lips. I was suddenly aware of being alone with an attractive young man. I felt something stirring within me, something dangerous, a desire I dared not explore. I pushed such thoughts aside.
We said our goodbyes, and he opened the door and climbed out. I watched as he walked away. A slim, attractive blonde girl called his name, racing towards him before she wrapped her arms around his muscular frame. Was she a cheerleader? I wondered. She planted a kiss on his cheek. Lucky girl, I thought.
I could only imagine how hard he fucked her... with more than a little jealousy.
With one arm around her, they continued towards the school as the afternoon bell rang to re-commence classes.
As I began to turn the key in the ignition, I saw Rob look back over his shoulder at me. Again, I felt the kind of thrill a married woman shouldn't.
I drove home tentatively optimistic. I wished I could share the good news with Tak to stop him worrying, but I was content knowing that things would likely get better for him.
I had a shower before going to bed. I caught my reflection in the mirror, and turned to get a better look at my body. For 40, I looked pretty good. I had a slim body, with large natural DD tits. My ass was toned from my daily yoga routine. I looked at my shaven pussy. It had been a while since I had paid it attention. I towelled off and got ready for bed.
As I lay in my room that night, I got a message from Rob.
DONT WORRY AKIKO, I SPOKE TO THE GUYS. NOTHING BAD WILL HAPPEN TO UR SON
I smiled to myself, grateful to this fine young man. He obviously had good parents.
MY HERO! THANK YOU SO MUCH ROB! DO LET ME KNOW IF YOU EVER NEED ANYTHING
NO PROBLEM AKIKO. GOOD NIGHT
I placed my phone on the bedside table.
I was almost asleep when it buzzed once more. I picked it up and looked at the screen.
One image from Rob.
Nonplussed, I clicked into it. When the picture loaded, I gasped with shock.
It was a huge, thick erection with a strong hand wrapped around it. It looked like it was at least 10 inches long.
Oh... my... God!
He had a monster cock! I'd never seen one outside of porn that was that big! His hand barely fit around it. I instantly imagined what it would feel like in my hand. Or my mouth. Or, better yet, in my wet pussy. Christ, what was I thinking?!?
I just stared at the picture, no idea of how to reply to an unsought dick pic, even if it was the sexiest cock I'd ever laid my eyes on.
A message appeared on my phone.
OH, SORRY ABOUT THAT. MEANT TO SEND TO MY GF. GOOD NIGHT MRS HARADA
I stared at the message in sheer disbelief. What a little fucker! I thought. He knew exactly what he was doing. He'd sent me the picture of his giant dick like an unsolicited invitation, something for me to think about as I fell asleep.
I guess he wasn't such an angel after all...
I wrote a short message back, hoping to put a stop to his scheming advances before it became an issue.
NO PROBLEM
Short and sweet. I put the phone back on my bedside table and turned over to go to sleep.
After what felt likes hours of frustrated tossing and turning, I lay on my back staring at the ceiling.
I reached over and picked up my cell again. Even though I was still annoyed at his cheap trick, I clicked back into the photo of Rob's big white cock. My right hand slid underneath the covers and along my body until it was between my open legs.
No harm in just looking, I thought, as I began to tentatively rub my clit. My pussy was already extremely wet. I bit my bottom lip, allowing carnal thoughts to overtake my mind.
I fantasized about watching his big dick pounding that cute, slim blonde cheerleader from behind. What a lucky little slut she is, I thought. I could only imagine how she groaned and panted on that rock-hard tool. I would have LOVED to fuck a big cock stud when I was that age. Who was I kidding, I'd love to fuck one right now! I loved my husband but his manhood just didn't measure up to Rob's.
The admission sent a thrill through my body, my mouth almost watering as I stared at Rob's big tool on the screen.
I was rubbing my clit eagerly now, occasionaly tracing a finger along my labia. Pretty soon, I imagined it was me he was fucking... as she sat on my face. I had never really thought about licking a woman before, but I would do whatever it took to make that big cock grow harder. I'd lick her pussy and her ass if it made him fuck me good.
After a few minutes of teasing and rubbing my clitoris, I came hard with one hand over my mouth, stifling my moans, my body writhing in ecstasy. My back arched as a powerful orgasm moved through me. I groaned into my palm hoping I hadn't been loud enough for Takuya to overhear.
I collapsed onto the bed, panting as I recovered.
Oh God... that was so fucking hot!
It had been a long time since I came that hard.
Reality began to creep back into my thoughts.
So... I had just touched myself thinking about a teenager from my son's school. I felt more than a little foolish. What kind of 40 year old woman swoons over an 18 year old kid?
To be fair, it was an 18 year old kid with an enormous, thick cock.
I blushed at the thought and smiled, telling myself it was just a once-off. I turned over, pulled the blanket over me, and slept better than I had in months.
-----------------------------------------
The next week, Takuya returned to school. I could tell he was dreading his first day back since the fight. I anxiously waited for him to come home at 4pm, looking vigilantly out the front window every few minutes.
When I saw him walk down the street, he looked surprisingly buoyant.
I opened the door and he gave me a big hug. I was quite relieved and slightly puzzled.
"Hi Mom!" he said, pleasantly. The swelling on his eye had mostly gone down, though the bruising was mostly purple now.
"Hi Tak. Did you have a good day?" I asked, hopefully.
"Yeah, it was pretty good!" he replied.
"Oh?... How so?" I enquired.
"Well... the kid who hit me started to hassle me during lunch, but one of the seniors stepped in and knocked him out!" he recounted, excitedly.
"Oh my!" I exclaimed, genuinely surprised.
"The kid was sent to the nurse. The senior and I were sent to the principal's office. We started talking while we were waiting. His name's Rob, he's on the football team! He's so cool, he asked me if I wanted to hang out sometime!"
It was such a relief to see my son actually happy for once. He was a good kid, and quite handsome despite his slight build. I had hoped he would find a girlfriend when we moved to the US, but unfortunately he hadn't yet.
"Sounds like that bully got what he deserved!"
"Yeah! And people were recording it! Everyone's gonna see him get knocked out!"
"And did you... or Rob, was it?... get into any trouble?" I asked, innocently.
"I didn't, but Rob was suspended from school for a week." he informed me.
"Oh, that's a shame..." I said, quietly.
I made dinner and we chatted as we ate. Tak made jokes and generally seemed more at ease than he had been in months.
I felt extremely grateful to Rob. I also felt guilty about him getting suspended. As irritated as I was with his not-so-subtle pass at me, I still wanted to express my gratitude to him.
I mean, was it really such a big deal that a young guy tried to flirt with an older woman? Isn't that what young guys are supposed to do, try to fuck anything that moves?
I decided to text him after dinner.
HI ROB, TAKUYA TOLD ME WHAT HAPPENED. THANK YOU FOR YOUR HELP, IT IS MUCH APPRECIATED.
I paused before I wrote the next line, unsure as to what kind of response I was inviting.
PLEASE LET ME KNOW IF THERE IS ANYTHING I CAN DO FOR YOU
I clicked 'Send' and began cleaning up.
When I checked my phone some time later, I saw that he had responded.
LIKE I SAID, NO PROBLEM MRS HARADA
Hmmmm...
It WAS technically my fault that he was suspended. Maybe I could try make his week out of school a little more enjoyable.
IF YOU WANT TO DO SOMETHING TOMORROW, LET ME KNOW. I COULD PICK YOU UP AND BRING YOU SHOPPING, OR TO THE BEACH.
I OWE YOU A LOT FOR TODAY
I don't know why I suggested the beach, but the thought of his massive cock in a pair of wet, clinging shorts made me feel a little hot under the collar.
I saw he began to respond, before deleting his message. I waited, unsure as to what he would say.
DO YOU HAVE A POOL?
The question took me aback. Was he really asking if he could use our pool? I certainly couldn't have him here when my husband or Tak was home, it would raise serious questions...
... but I did owe him. My husband would be at work, and Tak would be in school... so maybe it would be ok?
YES, WE DO
I bit my lip as I wrote another message.
DO YOU WANT TO COME OVER AND USE IT?
I regretted the message as soon as I had sent it. I knew I was playing with fire. If he came over and tried to make a move on me, my 90 pound frame wouldn't be able to fight off a fit, 6'2 football player.
COOL, I'LL DROP OVER AT LUNCHTIME
Oh shit. What had I gotten myself into?
That night, I lay in bed thinking about what tomorrow would bring. I decided I would just allow him to swim in our pool, and that I wouldn't wear a bikini in case... it affected him.
My phone vibrated. 1 video message received.
Rob.
I licked my lips nervously, no idea what he would send me this time.
Before I could click into the clip, he texted me.
NOT SURE IF YOU'D WANT TO SEE THIS
Intrigued, I clicked into the video message.
A young man with short, sandy blonde hair was standing in front of Takuya, poking his finger into my son's chest and appearing to belittle him. I realized with mild embarrassment that I felt disappointed the video wasn't of Rob's dick.
As I watched, a group of students had encircled the two to take in the spectacle. Takuya's face was lowered, he looked as though he was resigned to being struck by the taller boy. I heard a girl shout "Leave him alone!" but the bully paid no attention.
The boy grabbed my son by the collar and lifted Takuya up until he was standing on his toes. Just as it seemed that the boy was going to punch my son, Rob stepped out of the crowd, placed a hand on the boy's shoulder and spun him around. Before the youth could react to the unexpected intervention, Rob jabbed him in the face with a left fist, before delivering a heavy right hook to the bully's jaw with a sickening thud. The boy crashed to the ground and the crowd erupted with whooping jeers and laughter. A teacher stepped emerged from the onlookers and separated the boys. The video ended there.
I realized I had been holding my breath as I watched. I exhaled unevenly, deeply affected by the aggression I had just witnessed. Rob had knocked the other boy out in seconds. I had to admit it was impressive and I felt myself reacting physically to the video. I had heard that some men get physically turned on after violence. Instantly I imagined Rob's big member swelling in his jeans. My nipples were suddenly hard and my pussy was wet. I watched the video twice more, my arousal only increasing with each viewing.
I decided to write back to Rob.
OH MY!
I didn't know what else to say. All I wanted was for him to write back. My heart beat faster as I saw his response appear on my phone.
YEAH, I ALMOST FEEL BAD FOR HIM.
After a pause, he sent another message.
MY GF WATCHED IT A DOZEN TIMES
I licked my lips, unsure as to what he was implying. My fingers typed a response.
OH?
For some reason, I wanted to know more... I typed another text.
DID SHE LIKE IT?
I was extremely wet now. My other hand moved to my panties. I knew I was crossing a line by playing with myself as we exchanged messages. I rationalized my behavior. Where is the harm if it goes no further than touching myself?
He responded with a cryptic message.
MAYBE YOU CAN TELL ME IF SHE LIKED IT...
I stared at the screen in confusion for a few seconds. Was he asking me if I thought his girlfriend was turned on by watching the violence?... or was he asking if I was turned on by it?
Before I could even begin to respond, another video was received. I clicked into the file, my fingers trembling eagerly.
At first I couldn't make out what I was looking at, then I recognized blonde hair, bobbing up and down. Rob was getting his big cock sucked by that little blonde bombshell. I could hear the slurping sounds she made as she deepthroated his manhood with vigor. She looked up at the camera, her perky little tits coming into view, as she slowly dragged her tongue up and down the underside of his shaft. I shivered with excitement. She looked so slutty. In the video, I heard Rob's voice. "Like that, you dirty little bitch?" She nodded slowly as she bit her bottom lip.
The video ended abruptly.
My hand was rubbing my clit rapidly now. Did he ask her if she liked sucking his cock, or was he asking me if I liked watching? I was already close to cumming, the wicked nature of what I was doing only adding to my sexual need.
I wrote back with my other hand, my mind now overcome by lust.
I THINK SHE LIKES IT...
My fingers moved on their own.
... ALMOST AS MUCH AS I DO
Oh my God! I can't believe I just sent that!
It was the kind of message that could bring shame to my entire family and ruin my life, but in that moment I didn't care. Rob didn't disappoint me, a one word message enough to trigger my own powerful orgasm.
CUMMING
Oh God! This young stud was cumming in that little blonde whore's mouth while messaging me! What a dirty boy!
I could only imagine how much cum his massive cock pumped into her mouth...
My body was on fire as I came again, thinking about this teenager's manhood filling up his girlfriend's willing mouth... all while he was messaging me. I wondered if she swallowed his load. I was more jealous of another woman than I had ever been before. I twisted my nipples as I came, my other hand alternating between fingering my pussy and rubbing my clit.
"FUUUUUCCCCKKKKK!" I moaned.
My back arched as my body tensed and I cried out.
Again, as my orgasm subsided, I collapsed on the bed, panting like a bitch in heat.
Again, I hoped Takuya had not heard his mother masturbating intensely in the next room.
Again, reality gradually returned to me, this time with a sense of dread.
... Had I really invited this young stud to come over to my family home tomorrow?
-----------------------------------------
I woke the next morning, confusion and arousal swirling in my mind.
I made breakfast for Takuya and myself. As he ate, he seemed a little quieter than usual. When hu hugged me to say goodbye, I wondered if he had in fact heard me masturbating last night. I was a woman, after all. He would just have to live with the fact that women also pleasure themselves, even his own mother.
Tak mentioned hanging out with Rob next week, once he returned to school. I listened politely, but my mind was elsewhere.
I had no idea what I was going to do when Rob came over. I couldn't take the risk that he might try to make a move on me. My reputation would be ruined if anyone found out, and my son and husband would both hate me.
I decided it was safest to make an excuse and cancel.
Takuya kissed me on the cheek as he left. I felt guilty for some reason. Perhaps it was due to the secrets I was keeping from him. Particularly that his new hero was the object of my fantasies.
After my son left, I took out my phone and texted Rob.
HEY ROB, I'M AFRAID SOMETHING HAS COME UP. I'LL NEED TO CANCEL TODAY
I sat and waited for a response, but none came. After a while, I began to do some chores to pass the time.
At 11 am, I decided to try contact Rob again.
HI ROB, NOT SURE IF YOU SAW MY MESSAGE. I HAVE TO CANCEL TODAY. SORRY
Again, no answer.
Hmmm... He didn't know where we lived, so I guess there was no real chance that he would show.
I looked at the clock after some time. It was almost noon. I checked my phone one last time, and exhaled with relief. Perhaps he had gotten cold feet? Or maybe he was busy doing something else. Or someone else, I thought, with a sensual shiver.
I hummed as I cleaned the kitchen until I heard a motorbike revving outside. Perturbed, I looked out the living room window, and saw Rob parking his bike in front of our house!
How the hell did he know where we lived!?!
He removed his helmet and walked up the driveway before knocking on the door.
I had no idea what to do.
Quelling the panic I felt rising within me, I decided to open the door and tell him he couldn't come inside.
When I greeted Rob, he smiled knowingly at me. I felt foolish after my suggestive messages with him last night. I prayed he wouldn't mention it.
He was wearing jeans and a white t-shirt. I pretended not to notice his large biceps.
"Hi Akiko. Takuya gave me the address, I told him I'd come over next week to play videogames." he said, his eyes fixed on mine.
"Hi Rob, oh, ok. I uh, don't know if you saw my messages... but I have to go out for a while. My friend, ummm, she broke up with her husband recently and needs to talk. We will have to re-schedule your swim unfortunately." I said sweetly.
"Oh, I see... That's too bad, I was really looking forward to it..." He paused in thought. "Hmmmm... Maybe I can just use your pool while you're out, if that's ok?" he offered, casually.
His response flustered me. I had no good reason to deny him a small favor, especially after all he had done for Tak. With any luck, he would use the pool and we'd have no more reason to text each other.
"Oh, ummmm, I don't know Rob. I mean... I guess it would be fine?..." I responded, unsure of my own authority.
"Cool." he said, before stepping into the house. I felt a little scared and excited as I closed the door after him. I had to get out of there as soon as I could. The longer I stayed around him, the more opportunity he would have to flirt with me.
"You can get changed in the spare bedroom, if you want. I'm just going to get my car keys and I'll head off. Just lock the door as you're leaving."
"Sure thing, Mrs. Harada." he smiled. I noticed his eyes on my body. I felt that erotic thrill again.
"Oh... and thanks again Rob. Takuya has been in good spirits since... the fight. It's great to see him back to his old self."
"Anytime." he replied, holding my gaze before he went upstairs to get changed.
I quickly took my keys, and left the house. I got in my car and drove to the local mall. I had no idea where to go, I knew I couldn't stay around that virile young hunk. I suspected that my own resolve would crumble if Rob made advances. How could a woman be blamed for succumbing to a physically capable, hot young man with a monster cock?
After an hour of window-shopping and trying not to think of Rob's glistening body in my pool, I returned home. I hoped his bike would be gone, but it appeared he was still there.
I decided to park around the corner, sneak into my home and go upstairs until Rob had left.
I opened the front door quietly, kicking off my shoes before I climbed the staircase. The carpet muted my footsteps. When I got to the landing, instead of going to my room, I went to Takuya's. His room had a better view of the pool. Once inside, I closed the door softly and stepped to the window.
I cautiously looked down and saw Rob lying on the sun lounger, completely naked except for sunglasses, his cock still huge despite being soft. I gasped in shock.
Just what the hell did he think he was doing!?!
I stood there, looking down on his impressive body, not knowing what I should do. His body was dripping wet. My eyes moved from his six-pack abs, to his pecs, to his sizeable manhood, to his powerful arms.
He looked like a Greek god.
I noticed his phone was beside him. I took my phone from my pocket and decided to send him a text.
HI ROB, I'LL BE HOME IN 10 MINS. ARE YOU STILL THERE?
That should do it, I thought. He'll have to get dressed now.
He picked up the phone and idly unlocked it. I watched as he read my message. Again I gasped as his hand dropped to his cock, and he started rubbing it while responding. I was mesmerized as I watched his hand slowly pump his big dick. I was so enthralled by the spectacle that I jumped when I felt my cell vibrate.
HEY, YEAH I'M JUST RELAXING BY THE POOL. YOU GONNA JOIN ME MRS HARADA?
That little fucker! Was he planning on welcoming me home with a giant erection?
My nipples began to get hard.
I began to type a response, but I noticed movement by the neighboring fence. Leanne, my attractive white neighbor, stood on a ladder, staring at Rob too. She was hidden from his eyeline by the leaves of a bush.
Oh my God! That little pervert! She has never even met him, I thought.
I guess her husband and kids weren't home either...
A dirty thought occurred to me.
I wrote back.
IM NOT SURE... I THINK MY BIKINI MIGHT BE TOO REVEALING
I wanted to turn him on, so that Leanne could watch. God, where had this new slutty side to me come from?
I watched in rapt fascination as Rob read my message. He smiled and began to pleasure himself more vigorously. His cock swelled, becoming harder, thicker, and longer in his hand. I watched Leanne's eyes widen as she also looked on at this young stud stroking his big white cock. With his free hand, he sent a response.
WHO NEEDS SWIMWEAR ON A DAY LIKE TODAY?
I bit my lip as I read the message. God, he was turning me on so much. My nipples were almost painfully hard and my pussy was soaked. I slid a hand down my panties and moaned with relief as my finger found my clit.
I had no idea what I was doing anymore. I was slowly losing control, my conservative values being shed willingly in order to experience intense sexual pleasure. I realized that I had been ignoring my sexual needs for far too long, and lying to myself that my husband could fulfil me.
And it appeared I wasn't the only one.
I saw Leanne's hand down her shorts, rapidly rubbing her pussy too, undoubtedly.
I wrote back to Rob, my knees getting weak as I felt a sexual need in my pussy. A need to be filled with something. I pulled down my shorts and panties in one movement.
OH MY! CHEEKY BOY... DOES THAT MEAN YOU'RE NOT WEARING SWIMMING TRUNKS?
As I watched Rob read the response, he tilted his phone and snapped a picture of his rigid cock.
Whatever else I could say about Rob, he was apparently not shy.
My phone vibrated as the message was received.
I saw Leanne rubbing herself furiously. I could only imagine how wet her pussy was, and how jealous she was of whoever received that glorious dick pic.
I decided to do something dangerous.
I pointed my phone's camera at Rob lying on the lounger and took a picture. I clicked send.
Once he saw the message, he sat up sharply and looked directly at the window I stood in. I wasn't sure if he could see me with the afternoon sun glaring off the glass.
Luckily Leanne didn't seem to notice where his gaze went either, perhaps because of his sunglasses.
I followed up with one final message.
BRING THAT BIG DICK UPSTAIRS... NOW.
I watched him rise from the lounger smoothly, a victorious smile on his face, his erect cock bobbing as he reached his full height. He walked coolly into the house, apparently in no rush. I saw Leanne strain to catch a final glimpse of him.
I heard the door to the rear garden close. I pulled the blinds closed. No need for Leanne to see anything further.
I took off my blouse and sat on Takuya's bed, naked and waiting.
I heard Rob's soft footsteps as he climbed the stairs. The anticipation was almost too much to bear.
And suddenly he was standing there, his massive cock pointing at me. I felt so sexy as his eyes roamed over my body, mostly staring at my big tits. I was glad I had shaved my pussy. I realized in that moment that I had shaved it for him.
He stood there, admiring my body. I put my hands to my tits and started rubbing them for his pleasure. His hand began to stroke faster.
"Like what you see?" I asked him, my heart pounding with excitement.
"Fuck yeah. I wanted to suck those tits the first time I saw you at school." he said, with enthusiasm.
"We have all afternoon baby." I heard myself say.
He approached the bed and my eyes dropped to his heavenly cock. It was now inches from my face. Looking up at him, I leaned forward and softly licked the tip. He groaned with pleasure. I began to suck it a little, taking it deeper. I dragged my nails over his balls. He seemed to like that.
As I blew my son's savior, I began to play with myself again. I looked up into his eyes as I took his tool deeper and deeper until it hit the back of my mouth. He grinned down at me as he grabbed my hair and pulled my head until he was deepthroating me.
I never felt like such a slut before! It was so fucking hot!
I imagined Leanne next door, fingering herself silly, wishing she was in my position.
Mmmmmm....
Rob fucked my throat roughly for a few minutes. I gagged once but found that I loved the feeling of a huge cock filling my mouth.
Eventually he withdrew it, and my saliva dripped off the swollen head. He pushed me back until I was laying on the bed. He climbed on top of my and I gasped when I felt his dick rub against my pussy.
"Fuck me Rob! Please!" I whimpered.
"You want this big white cock, Akiko?" he teased, leering down at me.
"Oh yessss! I want it SO bad baby!" I hissed.
"You're a little sexy bitch, Mrs. Harada... I'm gonna fuck you into next week and make you my Japanese MILF slut!"
"Oh yes, please Rob! Give it to me! Fuck me!"
I groaned as I felt his cock enter me. Every inch felt like bliss. I gripped his biceps and he started fucking me, in and out, going deeper each time. Soon he was filling my pussy. I couldn't believe how good it felt compared to my husband. How could I be satisfied by a normal cock again?
Rob plowed me for what felt like ages. My pussy was so wet, his balls slapping against me echoing around my son's bedroom. He leaned down to suck my tits, and I cradled his head.
"Suck Mommy's tits, baby!" I heard myself say.
He licked my nipples and lightly caught them between his teeth while he continued fucking me.
I felt every inch of his dick inside me, filling me with each thrust. I'd never been fucked like that before. It was so naughty.
I felt an orgasm begin to build. I wrapped my arms and legs around Rob. He pushed his tongue into my mouth, and I kissed him deeply.
"I'M CUMMING!!!" I groaned into his mouth. He started fucking me faster.
I came hard, my body tensing all over, even as I felt Rob continue to pound my pussy. I moaned like the dirty whore I was.
As my orgasm subsided, Rob began to grunt.
"Cum in me baby..." I said, demurely. "Cum in Mommy's pussy!"
Rob started fucking me as hard as he could, his dick sliding in and out, filling me up. I reached around and began to tease his asshole with my finger. I looked up into his eyes and bit my bottom lip, holding his gaze as his cum filled my pussy up.
"Yeah baby! Fuck Mommy's cunt!" I whispered in his ear. I had never spoken dirty like that before and it turned me on even more. This young white stud had uncovered the Japanese MILF slut in me!
He collapsed on top of me after he came, and I embraced him. We kissed lightly and looked into each others' eyes for some time.
"Fuck Mrs. Harada, that was... something else." he said, finally.
"Mmmmmmm! Tell me about it!" I said, playfully, as I stroked his cock lightly. "Want me to clean your cock with my mouth?" I asked, pouting innocently.
He laughed and I leaned down to welcome his cock back into my mouth.
-----------------------------------------
Rob and I fucked twice more before Takuya came home, and he made me cum half a dozen times. He took me on my marital bed, my legs over my head while he came inside me for the second time. I talked dirty to him in Japanese, he liked that a lot.
Finally he me fucked from behind in the shower. He seemed to enjoy when my tits pressed against the glass. I happily obliged.
When he was close to cumming, I took the shower head, turned the water pressure up and pointed it at his ass. I got on my knees and started to suck him while I stimulated him anally. He loved it.
Pretty soon he was shooting his cum all over my face in thick ropes. I opened my mouth and stuck out my tongue, taking 2 loads. I swallowed his cum gladly.
After he left, I got changed and prepared dinner. My pussy was almost sore with the pounding it had taken, but it felt good too.
Takuya came home later that afternoon. I felt guilty after I kissed his cheek, knowing I had just swallowed his friend's cum an hour earlier.
After dinner Tak went to his room and I cleaned up. I checked my phone. A video message from Rob.
Mmmmmmmmmm!...
I decided to look at it in bed, where I could play with myself again.
As I went to my bedroom that night, Tak called me into his room.
I entered cautiously. I was pretty sure I had cleaned any evidence up.
"Hi Tak, what's up?" I asked, as I sat on the end his bed.
He didn't say anything. He just looked at me, and somehow I knew straight away that he knew.
He leaned forward and pressed a button on his keyboard. The monitor began to play a video. It was his room, and I was standing by the window, touching my pussy. Needless to say, I knew what the rest of the video clip contained.
"I knew you were snooping in my room... so I set up a motion activated recorder on my PC..." he explained, with disdain. He couldn't look me in the eye.
"Tak, I'm so sorry!... I..."
"Sorry!?!... You're sorry you got caught, you slut!" he snarled.
His words stung me. I felt so dirty and ashamed.
"Please Tak, I AM sorry, I don't know why I did it!..." I begged.
"I know why you did it, Mom..." He stood up and pointed at the screen. "Here it comes..."
On the screen, Rob walked into the room, his big cock pointing straight at me. Even in that situation, I couldn't help notice how sexy the video looked.
"You're a fucking slut Mom. You're a slut for big white cock." he said with disgust and anger.
"... You're right..." I admitted, and began to cry. He sighed and turned to face me.
"Let me guess. I shouldn't tell Dad?..."
I looked up at him hopefully.
"... I won't tell him, Mom. On one condition..." he said, cryptically.
"What is it?" I asked, afraid to hear the answer.
"I want you to do that for me..." he said, pointing at the screen.
"What!?!... That... with me!?! You can't be serious!?!" I said breathlessly.
Was this really happening? I couldn't believe my own sweet son was trying to blackmail me for sex!
"Let's not pretend you have much of a choice, bitch. Open your fucking mouth slut!" he hissed at me, his face twisted in lust and rage. I noticed for the first time that he was hard. He reached down and pulled his slacks and boxers down until his cock sprung free. It wasn't nearly as big as Rob's, but it was bigger than his father's.
I dumbly stared at it in shock. My eyes couldn't make sense of what they were seeing. That's my son's hard cock, I thought.
He reached down and grabbed my head, pulling me towards his erect meat. On the screen, Rob did the same thing. I felt Takuya slide into my partially opened mouth and I began to suck reflexively. He groaned deeply, his knees almost buckling with the pleasurable sensation. I wondered if this was his first blowjob. The thought was odd... and oddly arousing.
It was too late to resist.
He started to fuck my mouth. I sucked him mindlessly, trying to pretend it was Rob's cock. For some reason however, I found myself getting extremely wet. Maybe the new slutty side of me liked to be treated like a whore, even if it was by my own son.
"Was he the one you were thinking of when you played with yourself at night?" Tak asked with a sneer.
"Mmmmm-hmmmm!" I moaned, my mouth full of my son's cock.
After a few minutes of sucking, Takuya pushed me onto my back before pulling my clothes off. He stripped and started to mount me, his dick brushing against my wet pussy.
"You are such a dirty slut, Mom." he whispered in my ear. "Look at how wet you are..." I didn't answer. He wasn't wrong.
He pushed his dick into his Mom's wet cunt. We both moaned and writhed against each other. He started to fuck me steadily, slowly pushing in and out of my forbidden pussy.
I turned my head to the side and looked at the monitor as my son fucked me. It wasn't the same as Rob fucking me. Tak's dick didn't fill me like Rob could, but it felt even naughtier to give in to my son.
The speakers played the audio, our groans filling the room for the second time that day. I heard myself say "Cum in me baby... Cum in Mommy's pussy!"
I could tell Tak liked to hear that.
He started fucking me as hard as he could, his dick sliding in and out. I reached around and began to tease his asshole with my finger. I looked up into his eyes and bit my bottom lip, holding his gaze as his cum filled my pussy up.
"Yeah baby! Fuck Mommy's cunt!" I heard my voice again through the speaker.
I leaned forward as I wrapped my legs around my son, his dick shooting hot cum in his slutty mother's pussy.
"...Yeah baby... Fuck Mommy's cunt!" I whispered in his ear.