Once again thank you to WordWeaver1987 for the wonderful job fixing my grammar and providing some great suggestions! Please keep the feedback coming, I appreciate it. I'm dreaming up some new ideas for future episodes!
********************************************************************************************************
I was sipping a cup of coffee on my balcony at about 8am ahead of my meeting with the Director of New Content at the website. Janelle was her name, and I knew almost nothing about her. I wasn't exactly nervous, things had been going great so far. The video with Rachel and I in the news studio was absolutely killing it on views. We both got paid a very large bonus after the first week. In fact all of my videos were doing extremely well.
I wanted to come to this meeting prepared and have some fresh ideas to bring to the table. I also wanted to see about negotiating an increased pay out for me and my co-stars moving forward. I could definitely use additional money, and I thought it might make it easier to find new recruits as well.
I decided to spend a little time checking out my competition,better preparation this time and scout out my competition. I stuck with videos produced in an amateur style that were similar to mine. It feels like there are two different ways you could go. There were minimal gear and editing styles that a number of big porn stars were trying out. You've seen them, half the time the guy is just using his phone and holding it first person, then occasionally he would set it on a tripod or prop it up on a nightstand. Just cutting out the studio and doing the work themselves.
It has a fun "raw" aesthetic to it that can be exciting, but it absolutely lacks the additional camera angles and an eye for drawing the viewer into the scene. I find myself thinking "this position is hot, but I wish I could just see it from that other side".
Then there is the big studio that is trying to make something look amateurish. Much better purely from a filming perspective, but lacks the authenticity.
I feel like my style falls right in the middle. I'm able to keep the authenticity while still providing a higher level of production quality.
I'm sure you see a theme here, but doing all this "research" obviously got me worked up and I had to unload. However, I didn't use the lower quality videos I was looking into. No, I flipped over and watched my most recently submitted video with Rachel in the news station. Damn I was proud of that one. The story was so unique and fun and our execution of it was perfect. Not to mention that Rachel looked hot as fuck on camera, and we both really had a genuine connection.
I made it all the way through to the end. Then watching myself plow into her as she lay on top of the desk, her gorgeous tits bouncing in rhythm to my cock slamming home in her tight little pussy until I exploded inside of her...that sent me over the edge.
I took a quick shower and then got dressed for my appointment. I didn't want to overdo it, a suit felt too formal but jeans and a t-shirt were too casual. In the end I decided to go with some gray slacks and a nice button up shirt.
I texted Charlie a picture of what I had on to get approval. She was meeting me at the office and joining in on the meeting. I got a thumbs up, and a picture back that I thought was going to be her outfit of choice, but instead was an upskirt photo. So it was clear she was going without underwear. I'm going to have to be careful with these slacks, my semi hard on was already showing.
I arrived at a nondescript office building that looked like it was probably full of accountants and lawyers, not a pretty well known porn site. As the elevator doors opened on the 5th floor I was greeted with a frosted set of glass doors with the name WebWorks on the door. That gave me a chuckle, hiding in plain sight as a web development agency.
Charlie was standing right outside the door, "Hey sexy, do you have any pent up stress or nerves you need to take care of? We could go fuck in the bathroom real quick," she said this while rubbing her pussy under her dress. She lifted up the edge just high enough so I could get a good look.
"For fuck sake, I'm already working with a very thin margin of error due to these pants being a little tight. The last thing I need right now is more blood flow to that area, but thank you for the offer and I'll gladly take you up on that after this meeting."
With a seductive lick of her lips, Charlie opened the door for me and we both strolled in. The reception area kept up the charade of a mild mannered web company. Decoration was very modern with lots of white. We walked up to the receptionist and Charlie took the lead, "We are here for a meeting with Janelle, my name is Charlie and this is Scott."
"I see you here, if you would just take a seat for a moment I'll let her know you are here."
We got comfortable and Charlie leaned over, "Did you prepare anything for this meeting?"
"I did, I've brought a list of ideas for future episodes with locations and themes. I'm not sure that is what she is looking for though, she is the one who called this meeting so I'm really interested to see where she's taking this."
Sitting here gave me a chance to give the receptionist a once over. She was stunning, a beautiful face with full lips and straight blonde hair. Slim from what I could tell from behind the desk, smaller chest but still sexy. Her dress was fairly tight but not overly revealing.
As I was looking her over she obviously got a notification on her computer and looked up to catch me checking her out. She gave a little smile before saying, "Janette will see you now. I'll walk you to her office."
She stood up and a little more was revealed. She was slim, with long beautiful legs showing below her dress that cut off well above the knees. She had to be 5'10 or more, and the contours of her body flowing from her arms down over her hips and along her legs had me zoned out for a minute. Charlie had to hit me to shake me from my stupor, "Come on Romeo, let's go."
I snapped my jaw shut audibly and stood up to follow. I wouldn't say I had a huge bulge going, but my cock was trying to make an appearance in the front of my pants. The receptionist glanced down once, then met my eyes again and said, "please, follow me."
She turned and walked through some side doors and Charlie and I followed. "Are you ever not thinking with your cock? Get it together", Charlie hissed through closed lips as we followed. I was struggling walking behind this woman. The sway of her hips had me mesmerized.
Once we passed the last door the decor changed tremendously. There wasn't any X rated porn on the walls but there were a ton of "film posters" with wonderfully lewd names. I recognized a lot of the well known pornstars from the website.
We finally came to a big corner office with Janelle's name and title next to the door. It was a double glass door that you could see through. Janelle was on the phone at her desk, and there were two chairs in front of her. Also in the room was a small meeting table as well as a seating area with a couch and a couple of comfy chairs.
That is about as "normal" as her office got, everywhere else was covered with porn and toys. There were plenty of posters on the wall, and these were the X rated kind, images straight from sex scenes. Lots of cock and tongues in vaginas, lots of blow jobs, lots of cum covered people. There were tons of sex toys of all kinds, dildos and pocket pussies modeled after different actors.
Then we got to Janelle, she was a very attractive older woman, I would guess in her early 50's. It was clear she had some work done but it wasn't over the top like you see on a lot of the females walking around LA. The tits she had sitting on top of her chest were definitely enhanced, and I would guess there were some injections done to her face, especially lips to assist with aging. She looked the part of a very capable business woman.
Without looking up, she pointed to us and motioned to the chairs in front of her desk. The receptionist backed out and closed the door and we took our seats. Janelle was discussing business on the phone. "I don't care what the issue is, it's your problem and not mine,now fix it!" With that she slammed the phone down.
"I'm sorry about that, catering a simple party does not seem that difficult to me, particularly given how much I'm paying them. Now that we are done with that, I'm Janelle and I assume you are Scott and Charlie! I'm a big fan of episode 1, you two were really hot together. Charlie you've submitted to us before, correct?"
"Yes I have, a total of three videos. I'm not nearly as prolific a content creator as Scott here."
I had to chime in and give credit where it was due, "Charlie was my inspiration to start creating in the first place. Episode 1 was completely unplanned and actually started as just a run of the mill hookup."
Janelle looked us back and forth for a minute. "Such an interesting story, and since then you've sent us five high quality episodes that just continue to push your numbers up more. It's impressive. I see we've paid out over $30k to you so far on those five. I'd like to know what your end game is. Is this just a passing hobby for you or do you plan to continue for the foreseeable future?"
I had to stop and think about that for a second, I hadn't really considered where this would lead. Finally I responded,"I don't know exactly what my future holds, but I can tell you that this has been a pretty crazy chance I took here. A younger me could never fathom I'd be having sex with incredible looking women and making money doing it. It would be a little nuts to not see this through for as long as I can."
"That was the answer I was looking for," She said with a grin. "Do you have any new ideas for where this series could go next? The last two episodes were hot and inspiring, I mean a yoga studio isn't breaking new ground but I liked your approach. The TV studio, pardon the pun, but that was a stroke of genius. The numbers on that episode alone are going through the roof."
"I don't want to get too far ahead of myself, but I do have a few ideas to further the series. One is a little unorthodox, but I thought it might be interesting for viewers to get a tour of my home studio and see exactly how I make all of this on my own. It would really punch up the authenticity of the channel, in my opinion."
"That's great, but I don't see a place for a BTS (behind the scenes) video on our website that doesn't involve a cock or tits," she said with what I assumed was a frown but her botox was doing its best to prevent it.
"Absolutely, that is why once I get done with the tour I'm going to walk into my bedroom to find two ladies enjoying each other much to my surprise. I'm going to be so turned on I'll just have to set the camera down and join in."
This turned that semi frown upside down, "Ok, now we are talking. I like the direction of that. What else do you have?"
"Well I have a great balcony that gives a beautiful view of the city, I want to stage one episode there. I would like a couple of hands on toy reviews, specifically a sex swing and some kind of couples vibrator. I'm trying to make some connections to a possible private plan that I might be able to fuck in on the ground and create a Mile High episode. And lastly if your network and site can handle it, I think a corporate live stream where a couple of co-workers in a meeting room think they've turned off their feed and start fucking on the conference table. The other guests are horrified but can't stop watching and some even begin to pleasure themselves."
"Damn Scott, that is ambitious. I think we might be able to help you with some of the talent in those videos. That last idea sounds like it will require at least a few." Now she stopped and sized me up for a minute, thinking apparently. "Now based on those ideas, and what you've already accomplished, I'd like to sign you up for 5 new videos. Let's call it $25k a video with the possibility for bonuses based on numbers. Your recent news station episode already has gained you another $10k bonus coming your way. We will take care of paying your co-stars separately as well, you won't have to account for that on your upcoming budget"
I had to stop and stare at her for a minute in silence, this was insane. I didn't want to seem too eager, but I also wasn't going to negotiate at all. These numbers seemed really fair, and I was about to make over $100k in around a month. "Thank you Janelle, that is really a nice offer and I'd like to accept. I can get to work immediately."
"Great, with this contract though we are going to need to keep you to a fairly tight deadline, no more uploading whenever you want. I'd like to see the first episode in two weeks time, and a new one every two weeks. Once we've worked through these five we can talk about drawing up another contract."
I stood up to shake her hand, she reached across the desk and gave me a surprisingly firm grip. "There is one last thing. I like to see first hand my talent in action, no cameras and lighting, just fucking. I noticed the way you looked at my receptionist, and she was giving you a similar look. I don't think it's a far stretch to say you'd both be into fucking each other. What do you say?"
I stopped and looked at Charlie for a second, then back to Janelle. "Go ahead Scotty, I'd like to watch that as well. Janelle, I assume you have no problem if I play with myself?"
"Of course not, I'd be offended if you didn't!"
Janelle looked down at the growing tent in my pants, "I'll take that as an affirmative." She picked up her phone and dialed a couple of numbers, "Trish would you come in here real quick, you're needed for a demonstration."
It took Trish all of 30 seconds to knock on the door and poke her head in. "Hey Janelle, is this a demonstration with her or him? Doesn't really matter, they are both hot, just curious"
"Miss Charlie here and I are going to watch you fuck Scott. Does that work for you?"
Trish didn't say a word, her eyes locked on mine and she shut the door. I noticed Janelle picked up a remote and the clear glass doors suddenly frosted so you couldn't see in, nice touch. Then I heard some music start playing through the room's speakers. Sounded like elevator music but at least we wouldn't be doing this in silence with an audience.
Trish came up and took my hand and brought me over to the couch seating area. Charlie and Janelle moved over to the comfy chairs facing the couch. Trish turned around and leaned in for a deep, sensual kiss. I felt her tongue start to explore in my mouth as one of her hands reached up to grab the back of my head and push me deeper into the kiss. I wrapped my arms around her and dropped one slowly down her back and over the curve of her ass. She broke away from my lips and started to kiss along my neck. She got to me ear and I felt her breathe as she said "When you came in the door today I was really hoping I would get to fuck you. Looks like I'm getting my wish granted. I like to start out nice and slow but when we speed up, when I finally feel your cock enter me, you better hold on because I'm pretty intense when I fuck. Oh, and please fucking cum inside of me, I saw your last episode and I want that treatment"
We continued to kiss as our hands explored around each other's bodies. She started to unbutton my shirt and slipped it off my shoulders, her hands exploring around my chest and back. She leaned over and kissed down my chest and nipples. Not something that usually happens to me, but it felt good. I unzipped the back of her dress and slipped it off her shoulders as well.
She had no bra or underwear on, so her dress dropped to the floor revealing her in all her naked glory. Her body was everything I thought it would be, rounded hips and sexy breasts. She had a small line of hair pointing down to her pussy. Her nipples were both pierced which was a big turn on.
I stepped back to admire her body as I ran my hands all over her curves, stopping to play with her nipple piercings. She reached down to unzip my pants, which wasn't easy considering the strain I was putting on the front of them with my cock. I know we've all heard this before, but I really was so hard it kinda hurt. Might have been the restrictive pants though.
Once she got the button off and the zipper down it was a relief. She kissed her way down my stomach as my pants fell to the floor. When she got to my dick, she unceremoniously yanked them to the floor as I popped out and she caught me with her mouth. Now that was talent I had never seen before.
I was enraptured with what she was doing to my cock, but I did take a second to look around at my environment. Charlie had pulled her dress up past her hips with her pussy on full display and was slowly rubbing herself. She looked up from my cock to my face and gave me a wink, then went back to watching the show.
Janelle was just sitting in the chair taking it all in as if she was at the movies. The way she sat in there and watched us, a bag of popcorn and soda wouldn't have seemed out of place.
I turned my attention back to Trish as I felt her tongue lick around the head of my cock. She clearly enjoyed eye contact, and so did I. She began to suck my dick with slow, deliberate movements. Running her nails down my thighs and then back up, she lifted my cock up and licked and sucked on my balls one at a time, while her hand stroked me up and down.
Lowering my cock back down, she sucked me back in her warm mouth. I felt her reach around and grab each butt cheek encouraging me to thrust in and out of her mouth. I let her guide me with the depth and speed, I could feel her squeezing my ass as she would pull me into her mouth.
Suddenly she pulled back and let my cock fall out of her mouth and looked up at me, "I want you to fuck my throat and I want it hard."
Guiding my cock back in her mouth she pushed me all the way to the back of her throat. Relaxing her throat and looking me in the eye, she pushed me past the threshold and down her throat. I'm always amazed when this happens to me. That someone would go to these lengths to give me pleasure, and just how pleasurable it really was.
She looked up at me and gave me a wink, and I started thrusting slowly in and out. Taking my hands, she placed them on the back of her head. I picked up the pace a little, thrusting in as I pulled her head towards me, with her nose bumping into my pelvis.
A little tap from her was all I needed, I backed all the way out and she took a big gasping breath. "Do you like that, do you like the way my throat feels around your cock?"
I didn't respond, I just gave her a second to catch her breath and then shoved my dick back in her mouth. I could see her smile around my cock a little bit, as tears and mascara ran down her cheeks.
Up to this point both Janelle and Charlie had been silent. "Based on your previous videos I'm assuming you can reload pretty quickly. I'd like you to go ahead and fuck her throat till you feel your balls tighten, then pull out and cum all over her face," Janelle said in a voice that sounded kind, but left no room for argument. I liked her direction and guidance from the wings.
Trish, with a mouthful of dick smiled again, and started sucking back and forth. After a few passes she again led me to the back of her throat and I pushed in. This time I really set a solid pace. I didn't want to hurt her, so I restrained myself a little, but I was thrusting with a decent amount of force.
After I backed off to let her get a breath again she said, "I can tell you are holding back, don't. Fuck my face like you really want to, I can take it."
One of her hands reached up and started rubbing my balls as she took me back in her mouth. I resumed my thrusting. Fuck her throat felt so tight, I put her nose right back into my pubic bone and started shorter, deeper thrusts and she continued to massage my balls. "I'm getting close", I warned her as I could feel my orgasm building. Shifting her fingers, she put pressure on my taint. It felt so good and my shaft and balls started to tingle.
"Oh fuck, oh fuck that feels good." Trish backed me out of her throat and mouth and began jerking my dick with both hands. I could feel my balls constrict as my first two shots landed directly on her face. After that she aimed me at her chest for the remainder of the orgasm.
She ran her finger over her cheek collecting some of my cum and sucked it into her mouth. "Mmmmm...you taste pretty damn good. Anyone else want a taste?"
Charlie immediately dropped down onto the ground and started sucking on Trish's cum covered tits. "That is really good Scott. When we fucked you filled my little pussy full of your cum, I didn't get a good taste. Next time we fuck I want you to finish in my mouth."
She continued to suck on Trish's tits and rub them with her hands, things were getting a little messy. I just sat back and watched the show. I had softened up considerably, but watching these two getting frisky with each other was already starting to give life to my sagging dick.
Charlie got up and went back to her seat. I could see some cum on her fingers still, she smiled at me as she inserted them back into her wet pussy. Janelle didn't say anything, but she had started rubbing her nipples through her shirt and had a horny look in her eyes staring at my cock.
"Well my dear, that was wonderful but now you must allow me to return the favor," I said in my terrible British accent.I reached down and helped her up. Just then I noticed a couple of towels laying on the couch.Janelle must have been thinking ahead. I grabbed one and wiped Trish off.
Once she was clean and I had unceremoniously thrown the towel in the corner, I leaned in for another kiss. Her lips really were nice, soft yet strong and urgent. She sucked my lower lip in and gave it a little nibble. Reaching down she grabbed a hold of my semi hard cock and started to stroke it again, "You will be able to get this back up for me won't you?" she asked in a somewhat needy tone.
"Yes I will, and I have a strong feeling that getting my tongue on that pretty pussy of yours might assist with that."
Sudden inspiration hit me, "Why don't you go sit on Charlie's lap". A devilish grin lit up Trish's face as she sauntered over to the chair Charlie was straightening up in. She sat down and looked over her shoulder to kiss Charlie, and they both spread their legs giving me a site I'll not soon forget. This was a scenario even my sex charged mind didn't dream up ahead of time, it just naturally unfolded in front of me, as did their succulent pussy lips.
The two ladies were kissing passionately, while Charlie was taking advantage of Trish's naked body laying on her by groping her tits and pinching her nipples. I dropped to my knees and started down at the bottom with Charlie's wet snatch, and licked straight up and through Trish's. It was magical to hear both women moan almost in unison.
I continued licking away slowly at each of them in turn, focusing on one for a minute and then moving on to the next. It was almost comical the way their breathing would increase for whoever I was tongue deep in. The slow squirming and rolling of their hips when I'd get to them. I stayed away from their clit as best I could, and I could tell their anticipation and need was rising by how they tried to direct me with their movements.
Finally as I had pushed my tongue deep into Trish's soaking pussy, I reached up and started to play with her clit with my thumb. "Oh fuck yes, just like that. Keep licking that pussy, oh fuck, and you keep pinching my nipples. You are both going to make me cum."
Trish reached down and grabbed the back of my head pulling me into her snatch. Her hip wiggles became frantic and she moaned, "You guys, I'm going to fucking cum. Shit yes, that's it right there. Pinch my nipples, fuucckk I'm cumming!"
I felt her juices hit my tongue and run over the side of my face. If she had been pulling me into her before, the force she was exerting now was ten fold. Good thing I had taken a deep breath right before this, I just kept running my tongue back and forth using her movements as guidance.
As Trish came down from her orgasm I dropped just a few inches to another wet, waiting pussy. Charlie almost growled as I started licking her pussy folds, "Thank God, having this one squirm on my lap and cum like that has me extremely worked up, and just the tiniest bit jealous!"
It was wild having these two beautiful vaginas right in my face. Trish still had a little sex juice dripping down onto my face as I worshiped Charlie's hairless pussy lips. I followed the same routine I had just administered on Trish, worked on Charlie for a little bit before using my thumb to start rubbing directly on her clit. It had a similar result, as she also began moaning and circling her hips around.
Trish was looking down at me now and giving me direction, "That's it, you better keep licking her pussy damn it. Fuck it's so hot seeing those wet pussy lips just below my own. Suck on her clit. I need to hear her scream and then I want you to fuck the shit out of me with that big cock."
I was at full mast long ago but hearing Trish talk like that may have made it harder. The thought of plugging my dick into her had me rushing to get Charlie off so I can get back in on the action. I took two fingers and started fucking her pussy while focusing my mouth on her clit. I alternated between flicking it with my tongue and sucking on it.
Charlie started moaning louder, "Keep sucking on that clit. Oh fuck your fingers and mouth are going to make me cum. Fuck, keep going, I'm almost there, just like that. Shit here it cums, YES!!"
I kept plunging my fingers into her while I moved up a few inches and started licking Trish again. "Oh, thank you for the return trip. I'm already wet and hungry for that cock of yours but I'll take the extra oral attention!"
I backed up finally to look at these two gorgeous ladies in such a sexy position. Charlie's hands were still holding Trish's tits, while Trish was slowly rubbing Charlie's pussy. They both had a very satisfied look on their faces.
It was at this point I finally looked over at Janelle after having my attention elsewhere for some time. She had her hands down her pants and I could see a nice wet stain showing through. "Now that is something I don't see every day, and I've seen a lot. This furniture has been through some crazy shit and been leaked on a lot, but that chair may be a goner after what you just did to those two."
I reached my hand out to Trish and she took it and climbed out of Charlie's lap, leaving her with a disappointed sigh. Trish put one hand on my shoulder and the other started stroking my cock again as we joined for another sultry kiss. This kiss was deep, our tongues exploring each other. I love to bite my lover's lip as I pull away after a kiss. To me it just takes the intensity up a notch. This seemed to be the case for her too, as her eyes seemed to shout "fuck me!"
She led me over to the couch by my cock, then turned around and said, "How would you like to fuck me first? My pussy is aching for you to fill me up, I don't care what position we are in as long as you're inside me."
I pushed her down onto the couch facing me, "I want to see the look in your eye when I first slide my dick inside you." Fuck I was so hard, I ached to feel her pussy wrap around me. I got down on my knees and leaned in for a kiss, then slowly kissed along her face to her ear, where I whispered, " I can't wait to feel your beautiful pussy around my cock." Nibbling and sucking on her ear I then worked my way down her neck to her collar bone.
Finally reaching her breasts I gave them the attention they deserved. Kissing all around her chest as I massaged with my hands, I finally made my way to her nipples and sucked on each one back and forth. She had started to squirm, lifting up her hips to rub her pussy lips along my dick.
I could feel her nails in my back, urging me to get on with it and fuck her. I held off though, I wanted her to ask, no beg, for my cock in her. While worshiping her incredible breasts with my hands and tongue, I started sliding my cock back and forth when she pushed her pussy onto me. She was so wet, it was coating my dick and she would give a little inhale of breath each time I hit her clit.
Finally she couldn't take it any more, "I need you so bad, please just put your cock in me!"
Pushing the head of my dick against her opening I just applied pressure, not enough for it to sink in but just enough for her to feel it. Pulsing back and forth I gave her little pushes, again not letting my dick all the way in, just letting her feel the head of it start to stretch her out. The look on her face was lust mixed with agony. We both knew how bad she needed it and I was driving her crazy.
She suddenly leaned up and kissed me hard, then bit me harder. I reached up to see if she drew blood, it sure felt like she might have. As she leaned back down she grabbed ahold of my hips and pulled me to her, sinking me balls deep in her dripping pussy. "FUCK!!!", she moaned out loud. My mind was screaming "Ditto!", to finally plunge into her felt so satisfying. That teasing worked me up too.
She held on to my hips tightly, keeping me firmly planted inside her. Her breathing slowed down, then she looked up at me and said in a very commanding tone, "You know what I want, don't make me ask again. I'm done begging."
Without a word I started to slide my cock out just a few inches before pushing it back in slowly. Her tits were fantastic, and they gave a little shake each time our bodies collided. Reaching out with one arm I grabbed ahold of one of her breasts and started massaging it and playing with her nipples.
"Oh, that feels so good. Finally having your cock deep inside of me. Keep playing with my nipples, I fucking love that."
Gradually picking up the pace I reached down with my thumb and started rubbing circles around her clit. When I did, she sucked in air and I gave a sexy moan. "Just like that, oh God do you want to make me cum again? Please pinch my nipple, fucking pinch it harder!"
While pinching her nipple I laid my entire thumb between her pussy lips and right up onto her clit and started rubbing up and down in long strokes. She was breathing rapidly, and started rising up a little to meet each stroke of my cock.
"Oh fuck, I'm almost there baby, I'm almost there. Don't stop what you are doing, that is fucking perfect, I'm there...fuck I'm there!"
Her whole body shook as her orgasm rolled through her. I could feel her juices coating my cock and she became significantly more slippery. I pulled my thumb away from her sensitive clit and slowed down my assault on her glorious cunt.
Over my shoulder I heard Janelle slowly clapping, "That was fantastic you two, I really enjoy watching you fuck. Now I have a request, Trish. I'd like you to come to my chair and bend at the waist. I want to stare straight into your eyes as Scott slides that big dick inside of you from behind."
Trish immediately obeyed and walked seductively over to Janelle's chair. She bent down in front of me, giving me a great look at her dripping pussy and cute asshole. Janelle leaned up and the two of them started making out. Without breaking the kiss Janelle put her hand in the air and gave me the "Come closer" motion with her finger.
I squared up with Trish's ass and placed a hand on her lower back as I used the other to guide myself into her waiting depths. She gave a delectable moan as I sunk in and I could see the two ladies looking each other in the eye.
Janelle broke their kiss, "That was sexy. Scott fuck her brains out, I want you to fill her pussy up with your cum. Bonus if you can get her over the edge again with a third orgasm."
Looking straight into Janelle's eyes I slowly pulled out and slammed my dick back home with force. There wasn't going to be anything slow and sensual about me taking her from behind, if Janelle wanted a show I was here to provide one.
Again I pulled my dick out almost the entire way and without hesitation slammed it back home. Trish gave a little squeak with each impact. The look in Janelle's eyes was fucking sexy. She reached down into her pants and I can only assume inserted a finger or two. She gave me a little smirk as she did it.
Leaning back and continuing to play with herself, Janelle took hold of Trish's chin with her other hand, and stuck a finger in her mouth. She alternated between looking at me and looking at Trish and the motions in her pants began to speed up.
All this was occurring while I was plowing into Trish, her pussy felt so fucking good and I could feel a little tingle in my balls letting me know I was getting close. I didn't want to cum yet, I pushed it down as hard as I could but kept up the feverish pace of my assault on her now stretched cunt.
It looked like Janelle was getting close on her end, and Trish certainly was panting heavier over the last minute. I licked my thumb and started rubbing on her asshole. That got an appreciative moan out of her so I started to slowly dip the tip of it inside.
"Oh yeah, I love having my ass played with. I also love anal sex so maybe we can put that on the agenda for your next meeting with Janelle," she said with only slight difficulty each time my cock rammed home.
Pushing slowly in further with my thumb I could see and feel her relax, accepting it past the first knuckle. Moving it back and forth gently I began to sink deeper into her asshole. "Oh fuck that feels great, please keep playing with my ass. I'm getting so close with your cock filling me up."
I reached the point where my thumb was completely in her asshole, and I started to rotate it gently back and forth. "Oh fuck thats it, I'm going to cum all over your big cock. Fuck that feels so good, I want you to cum with me. Fill this little pussy up with your hot cum, oh fuck....YES!!"
As she screamed I felt her pussy contract and spasm around me and her whole body started to shake. That sent me over the edge, I could feel my balls tighten and my semen raced up my shaft. I looked in Janelle's eyes as I filled Trish's pussy with volley after volley. "Oh God I'm cumming!" I shouted.
Janelle's eyes rolled back a little as she started to shake herself. I have never in my life experienced an orgasmic experience like that. It felt like every little trigger from Trish's body and Janelle's cascading orgasm sent my own into overdrive. It felt like my balls were never going to stop unleashing inside of this perfect cunt.
I leaned over Trish's back with my dick still firmly inside her as I felt some of my deposit leaking out around the sides. We all just stayed in that exact spot not saying a word for a minute, trying to catch our breath.
Charlie chose right then to slow clap, "Holy fuck, that honestly was one of the hottest things I've ever seen in my life. I know you all forgot I was even here but I came two more times watching that pure display of relentless, animalistic sex. It really is a shame there were no cameras rolling!"
Janelle opened her eyes and looked over, "There are never cameras rolling in this office sweetie. What we do here is purely for us. I do agree though, of all the things I've witnessed in this industry, that personally was one of the most fulfilling experiences I've ever had and I didn't even have a dick in me."
We took our time cleaning up a little, there was no way we were going to get all these bodily fluids wiped up. Janelle assured us that she had a very special and well compensated crew that handled situations just like this one coming in this evening.
"Scott, I see great things for you moving forward. Keep the videos coming and please reach out if you need any help with anything, even just to bounce ideas around. Lets get another check-in on the books though. I think I'd like to be a little more of an active participant next time."
Trish gave me a big kiss as Charlie and I got ready to leave, "Don't forget you promised me anal next time!"
Damn it feels good to be a porn star.