There had really been little to do all day until, of course, there was so much to do that I had to stay late. After being teased by everyone and groped by quite a few as well, it was a relief to see the office emptying. When the last of them left for the day it was just me finishing the filing and the boss waiting to lock up!
Left to my lonesome I gave up the struggle to keep the hemline of my very tight, very short skirt from riding up every time I bent down to replace a file! I had been tugging it down all day to try and look more demure while I was under the observation of the rest of the mostly male office!
Now that I had stopped the fact that I was wearing nylons held up by a lacy, frilly, very feminising garter belt was evident! My skirt rode up higher and higher till it barely covered my pantied crotch and left the bottom of my buns exposed from the rear! With no one here to see what did it matter?
More relaxed I indulged myself in remembering the way it had felt to expose both my feminised body and my up till then 'secret desire to dress like a girl' to the horde of men I worked with
My legs had tingled maddeningly all day from every gentle massage of my sheer nylons as they flexed and stretched over my smooth, hairless skin within them. The dark band along the top stretched from five inches above my knee to four below my panties. Three lacy, frilly, garter straps on each leg held my nylons in place and made me look either exotically sexy, or cheap and slutty!
I felt more like the sluttier version and now that there was no one there to see me I was free to! This sleazy, naughty, wicked, wanton, wild slut side of me thrived on feminised exhibitionism! I'd loved being able to expose my feminised body so openly, so casually, so safely, and free from more than maybe some slight ridicule for a day or two after! Actually not just able to but 'forced' to, once I lost that bet!
I was a winner no matter what as I had heard that either the last bet or this one would make the loser(s) 'secretary for a day'! I enjoyed playing dress-up so even if I did lose I'd win! When I actually did lose my confidence in what I had planned wavered but I felt honour bound to follow through!
Guys drew lots at the end of the day to make sure there would be a complete outfit to wear. Tomorrow each guy would bring in some item of female clothing for the 'secretary' to wear! By drawing a lot they would be allowed to stick around to watch me struggle into it if they wanted to, after I stripped off my male things and dressed in their selection for my day of 'shame'!
Half would be too large and the other too small as per normal; so as to embarass the new 'secretary' as much as possible! I didn't want to look like a clown as so many of the others had before during my two years here; I'd wanted to loosen my inhibitions and free my femininity properly today!
I had packed an overnight bag with stuff I knew fit properly or were just a bit snug, in my locker in case there wasn't a complete usable outfit. I was nervous about changing in front of them now that I was hairless from the neck down but if I was going to wear sheer nylons or pantihose I knew my legs would have to be depiled and I should do my armpits, so, it just sort of seemed silly not to shave the rest of my body as well!
They'd have to have noticed that Shelly, the beautician who lived across the hall, had sold me an orangey-red medium length feminine wig and fixed it in place after she did my face and nails! All before I came in this morning! She'd also lent me some breast forms and glued them in place! A tight breast-band mashed them down flat under my loose shirt right now!
Shelly assured me that they would look and feel real and most if not all the guys watching me would be convinced I actually did have small breasts. I had a tube of glue remover so at the end of the day they might see me remove them and I could see how many would be even more surprised!
Not today they wouldn't! Not with me forced to stay late! As I straightened up from a bottom file I noticed my boss watching me! Embarrassed and blushing deeply I dropped the files I still had to put away as I hastily tugged my skirt down to cover some of my legs! He just smiled and shook his head but he didn't move or say a word! I had no idea how long he'd been watching me and blushed even more at the thought of what he might have seen!
My skirt rode right back up when I was picking up the files I'd dropped on the floor. This time I set them on a desk before I tugged my skirt back down! That didn't matter much either as most of the files seemed to belong in bottom drawers and my skirt kept riding up until I got tired of tugging it back down again!
I was down to the last few files before he said a word. "I have a bottle of rye in my desk so when you get finished drop into my office for a drink! I owe you that much after everything you put up with today."
He still just watched me and I started to feel very self-conscious and strange again! Finally he went over to lock the outer doors and disappeared into his office as I set away the last three files! I really should have gone to the locker room, showered and put the wig on its headstand but that seemed like too much effort right now. I'd have the drink first!
Perched on the side of his desk he'd taken off his tie and opened his collar. The bottle and two shot glasses he was filling were beside him! He indicated the chair in front of him and handed me a glass as soon as I'd sat down, leaned back and crossed my legs!
"Here's to you, Miss! I've never seen anyone go so all out to look like a girl before! You know most men faced with having to wear a dress and a few female underthings for a day would have done just that and nothing more. They would have treated it like the joke it was meant to be!
Not you though! You went all out! Nail polish, perfect make up, a nice wig and from seeing how you removed the hair from your very shapely long legs I'd bet there isn't a hair left on your body.
Only someone who was obsessed with looking like a female while dressed like one would do all that! If you want to look like a female so much it makes me wonder how you'd react to being treated like one!"
I'd felt different ever since I'd walked into the room! Everything was happening in a detached, dazed way! I was me but I wasn't me in a scared, trapped, excited state! I felt much more vulnerable then I normally would have felt in front of the boss wearing my male things.
The way he kept moving his eyes hungrily over my body made me feel even smaller, weaker, more passive and very aware of how my body was being displayed at the moment!
"You know you make quite an attractive woman when you're all done up like that! I'm surprised the guys kept their hands off you as much as they did! And those legs are wasted on a male!" He poured me another shot that I downed half of quickly.
"Yeah I'm sure it was torture for them." I finished another quarter of the shot and set the glass on the table. Prepatory to leaving I uncrossed my legs and got unsteadily to my feet. Putting his hands around my waist the boss helped steady me as I shook my head to clear it a bit! I felt even smaller and weaker as I noted that even tho' I was wearing three inch heels he still towered over me
"Know you'd lose that bet if you took it, don't you, Miss! I knew you would and I want to see it for myself; even if you don't bet me and then be forced to prove it!" He turned me and pushed me gently against the wall, then started to unbutton my blouse. I grabbed his hands to stop him but he simply pulled my hands above my head and easily held them there with one hand and resumed undoing my blouse with the other!
I twisted and turned struggling to get free but it was useless! I don't think I even slowed him down to be honest. Pulling my blouse out from under my skirt and the sleeves up my arms he twisted it tight to trap my wrists in the buttoned cuffs! He lifted me to my tiptoes as he slipped it over a hook I'd never noticed before. My skirt was unbuttoned and unzipped in seconds and my struggling just made it fall to the floor faster! He stepped back with a wide smile on his face and focused the desk lamp on my body, then poured himself another shot.
"Wow, even your arms and pits! I like that! I like it a lot. I bet you do, too! You like being hairless and smooth, don't you? I like your choice of lingerie! Makes you look and, I'll bet you again, feel a lot more like a girl! Wanna take THAT bet?"
No I didn't. Losing the first bet was turning out to be more than enough right now! I tried to unhook myself a few more times but couldn't and thought about screaming for help but I didn't want anyone else to know what the boss knew now! Oh gawd had any of the others I worked with guessed? How could I have been so stupid, so arrogant as to not have considered it?
He moved closer using his body to press mine against the wall. "I'd hate to see all of the effort you put into feminising yourself go to waste!" He tilted his head down to kiss my shoulders, my neck and nibble my earlobes!
I giggled and squirmed like a schoolgirl as my heart started to race and my pulse pound! My arms fell around his shoulders when he released me from the hook and I struggled to undo the cuffs and drop my blouse to the floor. My bra followed soon after and he chuckled as he played with the breast forms, knowing what they were now!
Strangely I could 'feel' the cupping, squeezing, tweaking and pinching as if it was me and not just breast forms! I wished it was me! I wanted it to be me! I needed it to actually be me he was touching! I vowed that I'd find a way to make that happen!
I shivered and trembled and softly moaned as his hands explored me with caresses and fondlings and soft slaps to my lower cheeks before I arched my back and pressed my hips out as he slid my panties down and off! Why did that feel so right, so perfect, so natural? Why was my body responding like this?
Did the why matter when my body was twitching and jerking in response to his touches! I tightened my arms and raised my body enough to kiss him and invite his tongue in to duel with mine! I wrapped my legs around his waist and flattened the breast forms against him, lifting my body high enough for him to position the head of his cock to pop inside me when I lowered myself onto it!
Migawd what was I thinking and... oh yes, yes, yes... um, and why does this feel so.. so... oh yes,yes, yes!! When I felt his balls slap against me and I knew I had all of him inside of me I felt so pleased with myself for being able to take it all!
Nothing before this had prepared me for what I was experiencing and feeling now! Feelings of guilt and shame had fought a losing battle with the much stronger but totally confusing rightness of tossing aside my male role now that I was feminised for him!!
Feeling his solid body wrapped between my thighs, hearing the sound of my nylons rasping against his skin with every thrust of his cock, his hands cupping my ass to hold me up were all so right, so natural, so perfect! His kisses were intoxicating! He carried me to the desk and set me down atop it!
I spasmed when I felt his first spurt deep inside me and felt my body jump, jerk and twitch with every spurt that followed! I felt so relieved that he had found my feminised self to be convincing enough to fuck!
I managed to scoot up the desk a bit and lie there as I caught my breath while looking up at him with a big smile and a lot of giggles! I was blushing as well as his eyes started to move over my body again! He lit a cigarette and a second one after he handed the first to me.
"You did lock the door, right?"
"Yeah, why?"
"Cause I need to use the little girls room to fix my make-up and try to do something with this wig!"
"Be my guest, just try not to take too long! I'm late for supper already. Not that it matters, I'll pick something up instead of cooking."
I walked out of his office in my garter belt, nylons and heels carrying my purse and went into the ladies room. Instead of being sensible and changing back to my male self, like I had planned to if I hadn't had to work late, I actually did repair my make-up and hair after I cleaned the evidence of both his and my orgasms from my body!
I could tell he really didn't expect me to but he seemed very happy when I gave him a wicked smile and draped my coat over my shoulders after he dared me to! He even talked me into posing for some pictures; not only with my coat open but without my coat while under a bright light in the parking lot! Exposing myself like that felt so exciting, so arousing it got me all hot and bothered again.
He sent me copies and I loved looking at them! I looked so femininely girly, aside from the overlarge clit dangling from my crotch! Panties would have helped but they were on the front seat of my car, fifty feet away with the rest of my secretarial outfit as I posed for the last couple!
Fridays right after work became my time to transform myself into his sexretary! Every Thursday I'd receive another reminder that I would have to pose for more pictures or be outted to the whole office! I looked forward to them, not just for the session or the drive home dressed after! It was more than that, much more!
It started my weekend off right! Dolled-up, dressed-up, foot-loose and fancy-free for the weekend, mostly! I had two 'dates' tomorrow and an afternoon of serving tea as a maid on Sunday! I'd probably come home striped! The rear of my skirt would be pinned up and I'd be kept either pantiless or in a thong till they faded!
The Lost Bet: My Nights as the After Hours Gurl!
My schedule got changed a month later as the boss decided that the filing should be done daily by his new 'secretary'. I worked my regular hours, 'left work', driving to the back of a nearby deserted parking lot, finished doing my face, nails and hair. changed into a short, snug skirt and a tight cuffed, button front blouse and for the next three hours played 'slutty secretary' with the boss.
I now got a long weekend every weekend with Fridays spent at an all expense paid spa that catered to girls like me! It featured targeted workouts to slenderize your waist and round your hips and buns; shapewear to enhance those areas when dressed; herbal and natural ways to lower testosterone levels while enhancing oestrogen levels! Home kits were kinda pricey I thought but covered in the expense thing I was told! I'd get a new one every week..
I discovered the oestrogen thing worked when I took the weeks worth the first day to see what it would do! I got 'morning sickness' and just the thought of a coffee had me running for the throne when I woke up the next day! I was sick for two days till the oestrogen level dropped enough for me to start eating again!
My nipples popped on the third day! I literally felt them pop at ten that morning! I felt a surge of feminine pride and couldn't wait to tell my boss. I knew it'd have to wait till we were alone later! By then I wanted to see if he'd notice! He didn't care if I was flat he'd told me, he just didn't want me to wear falsies ever again!
He noticed and was super happy! I told him what I'd done and he told me to drop by the spa and get another home kit before my oestrogen levels dropped too low! Those ones I took on a slightly higher level then suggested over the next four days and would get two kits next week, in case I was stupid enough to self dose myself again! I did double the dosage and had some fairly rapid changes happen!
The filing took from thirty minutes to an hour every day during which I was 'fully dressed' meaning I had on my blouse and a short, tight skirt that rode up whenever I had to bend down to replace the lower files. The boss would stand and watch me as I worked then when I was finished call me into his office!
My filing was perfect but not my stenography or typing. For every mistake I made I had to remove an article of clothing, starting with my skirt and ending with my heels! I spent a lot of naked hours with him over the next few weeks till I learned how to do both better!
When that happened he started bringing up imagined slights I'd made during the day, with the same consequence! More naked hours as I learned to serve him properly! By the time I had grown into an A cup with swollen nipples I knew how to increase them to a BB or even a C cup for the weekend! I could go larger but the effects took longer to disappear! Mondays and even Tuesdays in looser shirts and breastbands wasn't too bad, but the whole week only to refill them for the next weekend seemed silly!
That's what vacations were for! Gradual reduction and the discovery of how much two or three weeks directed triple doses of estrogen had changed me! I loved the way my thighs and hips were rounding! I loved the way my skin was softening! Had I gone too far? Would I ever go too far?
I was sucking his cock and swallowing his cum often now and found myself feeling even more feminine and female doing that then when he was fucking my brains out! Not that, that hadn't awakened the nympho I never suspected of dwelling within me! I always orgasmed when he did, even when sucking! I couldn't help myself!
My life was like nothing I could ever have imagined! I might not be a female but I certainly didn't consider myself to be a male anymore! What kind of a man turns himself into a female because he revels in exposing his feminised body, in lingerie if possible, so everyone can see what a perverted parody of a female he is!
Real breasts, rounded legs and hips, a bubble butt and a slender waist may raise one to the status of shemale but that really means just a more convincing parody! Final surgery is the clincher tho! After that you are a girl in every way!