It was good to have a place to call home. Freshly showered to get the days sweat removed he opened some windows to save on the power. He had transferred the utilities over to his name via Naomi Carpenter after moving in yesterday. Opting for a moment to relax he stripped down to camouflaged cargo pants and nothing else. He needed something to contain his precious cargo after all. Finalizing his unpacking he carried any empty boxes out to the dumpster in the parking area. Showing off his chiseled physique hasn't his goal but it worked. Hearing a wolf call whistle he looked around but couldn't manage to locate the caller. Finally he looked straight up to the roof. There hanging over just enough to qualify as safe were two young women. Looking alike save for hair length the two blonds waved down at him. Both in bikini's it looked like by their tops.
"Evening ladies." He called up waving.
"Hey tenant 2C." The longer haired blond waved vigorously shaking her healthy chest without concern they might fall free. It looked as if they might.
"Y'all the two sisters Sam and Beth?"
"We are. I'm Beth." The shorter maned blond waved with a more restrained chest. Easy to tell she was the shyest of the two.
"Which makes her Bob. I mean Sam." Gavin chuckled using his hands as if trying to calm her breasts as if he owned them.
"They wouldn't look as good on you. Unless I was laying on top that is." Sam joked.
"Something to consider." He smiled trying to be suave. It worked.
"You should come up and sunbathe with us." Sam tempted him.
Gavin gave it some thought, "Sun's going down. Wouldn't get much of a tan."
Beth looked at the mid day sun. He was right. They had just gotten home and wanted to utilize the sun as best they could. Worst case scenario they felt a nice relaxing breeze. That and showing off for the guys next door using a telescope on their own brownstone rooftop to spy on them. The younger men didn't even try to be casual. Not when the girls kept waving. They were the shy type as it was. Certainly not the sisters.
"Anyone free around noon tomorrow? Might come sun with ya then." Gavin shopped the counter offer. "Right now I have to get ready and do some work for Naomi on the vacant apartments. I'll try to keep the noise down."
"Not if we can help it Handsome." Sam howled.
Shaking his head Gavin went back inside. Readying his climb of the stairs to his second floor apartment he hears Naomi's door open. Out she came with a full box of detergent and a tool belt. Same clothing as earlier.
"Landlady bearing gifts." She beamed. "I bought Gain. Notice I used a black marker to scribble in a V between the A and the I?" He noticed smirking. Clever lady.
"I was just telling the sisters I needed to head up to the 3rd. floor and see what the damage was gonna be."
"The apartment or the sisters? Don't hurt them I need the rent."
"Meant the apartment." He stood amused. "Wanna run up with me and give me the lowdown on what you're wanting done?"
"I can do that. You take these I'll go change again and give you a hand on the job."
"Hand job?"
"There is that too." She winks.
"Wearing those ripped up jeans?"
"Oh no. Those hit the dumpster earlier. No hope for those."
"Shame. You looked good in those jeans."
"I'm not blushing."
"No but I was thinking of helping with the color by reddening up those cheeks."
"We are not going to get any reno done when you make offers like that."
"Always later Easy."
"True. I'll consider it. How did the job hunting go?"
"Part time at a record store uptown called Pinky Floyd's. Not sure how long I'll keep that, parking and gas will eat up the whole paycheck. Pretty much just using that as a way to see what the music scene is here in the city. Pinky's in a girl band called Milkbone. I actually ran into her lead guitarist Mavis at a tattoo parlor."
"Getting a tattoo? Matching butterfly like mine?" She winks.
"Yup. Only my wings are gonna say Fuck You."
"I love a man who has a way with words."
"Fill you in more upstairs. Let me grab some shoes. Went out all barefoot to unload some boxes."
"Gloves. You need gloves." She points out.
"Never liked condoms. Takes away the sensation."
"Me neither but that wasn't the gloves I was getting at." She faintly blushes but retreats before it got worse. "I'll be up shortly."
He and his laundry detergent returned to his apartment. There he put on a ratty pair of tennis shoes and started to grab a T-shirt. Changed his mind. He opted for comfort. That and he knew the girls were going to show up at the apartment for proper introductions. Ego took over knowing they would eat up his muscular bod. The only thing he put on otherwise was a grey bandana.
Locking up he began to head upstairs when he heard footsteps from the first floor. Expecting Naomi he turned only to discover an Asian beauty carrying her bicycle upstairs. She had a bicycle helmet atop her long black hair which was braided into a tail. A skin tight riding suit showed her curves. Nice body for certain.
"You must be Vicki. Need some help hauling your ride up?"
Looking up at him she grinned shyly, "Do it every day. I'm used to it."
"Respect. Just offering." He winks, "Heading upstairs to work on Naomi's vacancies so I'm going that way anyhow." He tempts her. She had rode many miles today so the offer was accepted.
"Careful of the walls."
"Got it. My name is Gavin. You can call me Gnarly."
"Hello Gnarly." He lets her go up the next flight as he followed. Yep a really tight ass. She was in damn fine shape. She knew he was looking at her bottom and smiled the entire flight. He was a man. Of course he was. Reaching the top Gavin lowers his burden and lets it roll on the hallway rug. As she unlocks her door opening it he manages a peek inside. Bonsai trees. Asian décor everywhere.
"I can take it from here. Thank you Gnarly." She shyly lowers her big brown eyes.
"Any time Vic. You ever need anything don't be too shy to ask."
"Thank you." She hesitates at the door, "I need a hot bath. Asian pear oil calling my pores."
"Nice pear. I mean pear oil is nice." He nearly blushes himself.
Giggling faintly she covers her mouth with her fingers. Using her teeth to peel her riding gloves off rather sensually she removes one. "See? I'm already undressing. Goodnight Gnarly." Her door easing shut once her bike was rolled inside he stood there staring at her door. Instant erection.
"You and your gloves." Naomi stood behind him wagging a pair of leather work gloves. "Must be a fetish."
"Sneaking up on me Easy?"
"Quite easy. When your attention is glued to my renters. Over here Romeo." She directs him toward the vacancy across the hall. With a jingle of keys on a ring she opens up the apartment. The air was stale a bit being closed up with no windows open. Not as spacious as Gavin's abode but it had character. Leading him to the kitchen she points out his first assignment. "Sand paper the cabinets so I can paint them. Screwdriver to remove the doors. Sandpaper roll. Power is off in these two apartments so I can't offer air conditioning. Open a window just close it before you leave."
"Thought you were gonna help me." He notes her clothing as a little too dressy. Black skirt to her knees and a lavender button down shirt tucked in nicely.
"Other plans I'm afraid. My ex-husband Vincent wants me to meet him at our bank. He's signing loan papers so that I can finish the renovations. Merely a co-signer."
"Thought you had plenty of money."
"I do. But, I have grand designs for this place."
"Hmmm! You don't need to buy me a bed and sofa Easy. I'll find something cheap."
"Calm down Stud. I told you I would use your rent to help you out. I'm not in debt up to my nipples." She flirts with her chin touching her left shoulder.
"I got your back Easy. Anything you need."
"You had my back and my front. I know I can count on you Band Boy."
"You know what I mean. We're friends Easy."
"With perks." She adds. "I need to go. I'll check in after. Keep your cell handy."
"Why? Phone sex from the bank?"
Eyes flaring at the thought she shivers, "That sounds exciting. No. But, I might need your assistance later."
He pats his cargo pocket, "On call."
As she leaves leaving the front door open Gavin's first thought is fresh air. Opening two windows a healthy gust of fresh air blasted the interior. It made his pecs hard. Before he turns away he hears a sweet singing voice. Stopping to locate it he realizes it was coming from Vicki's apartment. The song was in Chinese but the melody was beautiful. She must be singing while taking her bath. Shaking off the mental visual he went to work removing the hinges on all of the upper and lower cabinet doors. Realizing he had no broom and dustpan he considered taking the doors to the roof. The wind would blow away the sanded dust particles. Gloving up he decided Naomi could sweep up later. Sanding commenced he gets through one door when he hears footsteps coming down a rooftop staircase. Ignoring it he starts on a second door when he hears a familiar voice. Marching in uninvited Samantha came alone.
"Watch your step." He nods at the paint and sawdust on the linoleum of the kitchen. He chose that location as an easier sweep. Had he used the living room the dust would have clung to the wood floorings creases. He neglected to realize the breeze would totally make that generosity obsolete.
"I'll just sit up here then." She hops up on a tiny island that was one of the apartments features. Still in her bikini Sam kicks her legs in front of him.
"Not much tan there Sam." He plays coy.
"Maybe better tomorrow. You're lucky that's my only day off."
"Stables right?"
"Yes. I adore horses."
"Grooming?"
"That and a few unsavory things. I help the Vet Everett out when he needs me. Which is pretty often." She giggles leaning a bit to whisper, "He can't stop staring at my tits."
"Start wearing clothes he might change his tune."
"That wouldn't be as fun. He's old but it's cute when he slurs his speech. I wear button downs with a snug bra that gives the girls a lift. Normally I tie my shirt at the navel too. Cut off shorts that show off my cute cheeks."
"Sounds appealing. Not much of a bikini there." He winks but devotes his gaze to the job at hand.
"Lake girl. I grew up in the Ozarks. Lived in bikini's during the summer."
"Why leave the hills and hollers?"
"We needed our independence after graduation."
"St. Louis wasn't closer?"
"Let's just say we needed space between our folks and us. Mom's new husband liked us more than her so we had sympathy on Mom."
"If he's chasing Y'all he's chasing others. Your Mom needs to kick him to the dock."
"She won't listen. She's under his spell." She adjusts her red bikini top a bit to be more revealing. Any lower her areolas would slip into view. "What about you? Naomi said you were from Iowa."
"Yep. Corn fields and tractor pulls."
"Glamorous. She says you play guitar."
"Ole Easy giving all you gals the details?"
"E-mail. It's her way of letting everyone know who they're living around. At least she didn't rent to a Peter Griffin." She chuckles slapping her leg.
"Family Guy. Nope not me. Speaking of, I've met half the Brownstone and every gal here's a hard body. Seems like Naomi likes her tenants fit."
"Wouldn't you? I mean I wouldn't rent to the first ugly guy to knock on the door. We all like stud to flirt with." She raises her left leg up to plant her foot on the island. In doing so her bottoms as narrow as they already were squeeze tighter nearly slipping into labia territory. She knows he notices even though he tries not to let on. Silence spoke volume and she rubs her leg intentionally in a sensual manner.
"Looks like you flirt with the best of them."
"I can flirt harder." She beguiles him with a playful gaze.
"Where's your sister?"
"She had to get ready to cover another girl's shift at the restaurant. Beth picks up whatever she can. She's not as old as I am so tips aren't as good."
"You get tips at a horse stable?" He knew how that sounded but didn't show it.
"I love riding horses but not riding, riding." She giggles catching on. "You into seeing that?" A wince of concern followed.
"Naaa! Just giving you a hard time."
"I love a hard time." She shivers, "Hung like a horse Gnarly?"
"Shetland pony." He chuckles ending his sanding to relax his fingers. Gloves taken off he stands up and opts to lean next to her. She flared her eyes at his closeness.
"I need to shave my legs." She continues caressing her uplifted leg. Eying her knee he nods before running his knuckles over her calf area.
"Yep. Need some sanding down."
"I need to shave here too." She drops her leg to pinch her bottoms out to reveal a pleasantly hairy snatch. The bottoms tugged taunt now slip between her labia. Sam leaves them out while nibbling her lip. She knew what she was doing.
He leans toward her to take a peek and sighs, "Might need a weed whacker for those."
That deserved a body brush as she throws her weight into him laughing.
"You offering to mow my yard?"
"Nope. Where I come from that makes for better grazing."
"Mmm! More horse talk. You Rapscallion Stallion you. Just like the menu at Beth's restaurant. All you can eat for five bucks."
"Running low on funds. Just paid rent."
She reaches down to lift his hand running her fingers between his. With her other hand she counts his fingers out loud. "One buck. Two buck. Three buck. Four buck. Five bucks." She then guides his hand to her bottoms touching his fingers to her heated labia. He takes a deep breath and ponders if he should. Of course he should. Her hand escaping his she unties her bottoms and pulls them side. Once her succulent pussy was free Gavin nods.
"Greener pastures." He moves away slightly to lift her legs standing between them. Her hips drug to the edge to give him room he kneels enough to nuzzle her thigh. Her head instantly cocks backward letting her blond hair tease her back. A soft kiss to her clit Gavin Reese devoured her. Fingers slipping in and out of her dripping wet pussy. She moaned softly and held her upper body up with her palms on the island.
Lifting away he chuckles, "I call this Fantasy Island."
She giggles and looks down at him with a yearning gaze, "Eat up Bad Boy." With a wink in her direction he destroyed her cunt with his tongue and finger fucking. She gushes a flood over his chin but he continues to gnaw at her in favor of a second helping. Losing her energy to support herself Samantha falls back over the counter and arches her back. Her 38C's bulging skyward. With his left hand Gavin rolls his palm over her firm belly and grips between her bikini top tugging it down to let her melons pop free. Sam instantly lifted her own hands up to squeeze them, teasing her nipples as her eyelids fluttered at his feasting.
"Fuck Gnarly. I've never been eaten out that good." She gasps. He was on a mission to rock her world. Metalhead with an iron hard cock. In his evil thoughts Gavin was singing Ram it Down by Judas Priest. That was his intention. "Thanks for the inspiration Rob." He congratulated Rob Halford respectfully.
In her throes of ecstasy Gavin peers over her mountains o find an unexpected sight. In between her tits was the opened doorway. In the hall stood Vicki Chow wearing a bath towel. In her hand was a sandwich on a plate. She was there to offer him sustenance. Her eyes studying his destruction of Samantha Quinn. Trembling she sits the plate on the floor and scurries away. He knew she was interested in him right then and there. Who wasn't? Watching the door while he continued his assault he saw Vicki's hand lowered to the plate dragging it out of sight. He chuckled under his breath at her cute shyness. The second Samantha had a screaming orgasm Gavin pulled away standing up to get his circulation back. Her body convulsing Gnarly made matters worse. He slapped her clit five good times. Each time she cried out, "FUCK!"
"Not today Sammi." He chuckled and stepped around the island in favor of grabbing both sides of the door frame leaning out. On the other side of the wall stood Vicki with her hand under her towel rubbing herself. Sandwich in her other hand nearly slipping off the plate as her muscle control teetered. Sensing him her gaze turns left to bulge her eyes with a strained expression. Haunted at being busted she starts to bolt when Gavin snatches up the sandwich taking a bite. She whimpers as his other hand reaches out to grab her by the wrist. Reeling her back in he bends and throws her over his shoulder. The plate hit the rug and broke. Noting her apartment door open he marches them right on inside. Kicking her door shut loudly Samantha peels herself up from the island and brushes her wilderness of blond hair from her face.
"What the hell?" Sam got dressed and picked up the broken plate from the hallway. Suspicion rose after seeing the Chinese writing surrounding the shards of the plate. Vicki was the lucky one today. Pouting Sam went back to her place and took a shower.
Inside Vicki's apartment Gavin located her bedroom and carefully carried her in. Once through the door he tosses her 100 pound body on her mattress. The towel slipping free to reveal her stunning frontal. She quaked at his intensity watching him finish off the sandwich. Licking his fingers he nods reaching for her towel to use as his napkin.
"That was some darn good chicken."
She remained shy and quiet as he stared at her. "Finish up."
Eyes quivering, her fingers reach between her legs and she masturbates for him. Her flowing black hair fanned out to the sides made Gavin realize just how beautiful she was. Being short and thin her breasts were hardly huge but she did manage a stunning 32B with perky results. Silently she plays and offers expressions of terrified delight. Reaching a peak she softly exhales. Leering at her without emotion he knows she wanted to please his eyes. Still her heartbeat found herself embarrassed. "Zhège hěn cánkuì." Vicki was ashamed of herself. Hesitantly she curls up and shyly pouts. Gavin understood. Cautiously he sits down and draws her in for a tender hug warmly rubbing her back. She smelled like rose petals mixed with pears. Kissing her forehead he gets up slowly and walks toward her bedroom door. Her palm raises up to stop him.
"Qǐng bùyào líkāi. Please do not leave."
Looking back at her he softly smiles, "We can try this again another day. I respect you Vic. By the way..." He winks at her, "Most beautiful lady in this Brownstone. Never think otherwise." Compliment processed Victoria Chow wept. Gavin leaving with a less noisy exit she curls up and cries. It had been a very long time since Vicki had a man. Hard on herself she cried. Then she noted something that made her heart jump. His shoes were left at her front door entry. She felt that meant he would be back. Not tonight however. He had other shoes to fill.
A trip to his apartment for his boots he changes into some jeans and a Megadeth T-shirt before heading back up. Finishing another cabinet door he hears his cell ring.
Answering it swiftly he hears soft moans. Smirking he knew the caller.
"That you breathin' heavy Easy?"
"I'm at the bank Gnarly."
"Don't go getting arrested. That loans for improving the apartments not your jail cell."
"Don't ruin the moment Gavin Reese. You suggested this." She huffs touching herself, "I am so wet I can't stand it."
He settles back on the floor leaning against the island. She wasn't the only one wet. Gavin placed his hand directly into Samantha's left over stickiness. Still damp. He wouldn't admit to that right this second.
"Whereabouts in the bank?"
"Front lobby." She whimpers, "That's a lie. I'm in the restroom."
"Stall ain't no fun unless you're in there with someone."
"Did I neglect to mention I'm in the Men's restroom?" She faintly giggles with restraint.
"Serious?"
"Yes."
"Any fellas in there?"
"Yes." She whispers rubbing her clit beneath her lifted skirt. "Two men at the urinals talking banking stuff."
"Damn impressive Easy. Let them hear you."
"I want to but I'm scared. Just sneaking in here took every nerve I had."
"Did I sound like I was asking you to let them hear you?"
"Giving me orders Mr. Reese?"
"That would be a yes."
"Well alright then." She softly sighs. He could tell she got even wetter at his direction. Her vocal response to her fingering herself increases to more dangerous level. She could hear the talking men go silent. Lingering as if to listen for further moans. Two fingers storming her tunnel she whimpers. "I can't believe I'm doing this."
A shadow crosses her stall doorway standing just on the other side. Shiny brown dress shoes in sight she grits her teeth. In the stall next to her the second man enters and drops his pants squatting on the toilet. Black shoes this time.
"I can't hear you Easy." Gavin winces with determination.
"I wish you were here with me Gavin. My pussy is aching for you." She mumbles a little louder. Loud enough they certainly heard her. The man in the stall exhaled with a hint of exhilaration. She imagined he was stroking his cock next door to her. Praying he wasn't taking a dump. The shoes in front of her moved apart slightly. A set of fingers curled over the stalls door as if holding on to it. A grunt heard outside made her eyes flare. "I...have company." She lets Gavin know.
"Louder Easy."
"Oh my God Gavin. I need you to fuck me tonight. Really hard. Balls Deep."
"Destroy your Pussy." Their fragrance referrals codewords to intensify their hormones Gavin unzips his fly and pulls his purple dragon out for air. Stroking it as she moans talking to him with flirtatious desire.
"I have three fingers inside me." She lets all three of them hear. The men were now making enough racket to know they were jerking off.
"You wearing panties Easy?"
"Yes."
"Kick them under the stall door."
"As you wish." She shivers standing to lower her lacey boy shorts to her heels.
Squirming out of them she uses toes to lift the panties under the door. The man on the other side kneels down to procure them allowing his beast to droop into view. His crown was massive. Her heart stopped as her fingers returned to her pink chasm. Hearing the man smell her panties she moans a little more dramatically.
"Anyone grab them?"
"Yesss!" She quakes hearing her pussy all sloppy. They could hear it too. Both men offered a chorus of "Christ."
"Louder Easy."
"FUCK GAVIN I NEED YOU."
Gavin Reese was jerking off and letting her know. "My cock's ready for you Easy. Hop on."
Whining at his offer she cums loudly. The men could hear her trickles dripping in the toilet. A deafening grunt outside the door she spots cum droplets on the brown tiles. He had shot a load on her stall door. A cleared throat outside the man dares to knock on her door. Freezing up she sits wide eyed.
"Someone knocked on my door." She tenses up.
"Feel threatened?"
"No."
"Unlock the stall door."
"You are sooo paying me higher rent Sandman." She takes a deep breath and reaches to slide the locking barrier over with a click. The door goes ajar slightly. Fingers curl now around the vertical portion of the door.
"T-these belong to you." A voice softly expels as he passes her panties back to her. They were drenched in his cum.
"Thank you." Naomi softly replies.
He swiftly washes his hands and departs. Naomi was now alone with the man in the stall next to her. Still horny she leaves the door open and begins playing with herself again.
"Still with me?" She calls to Gavin hearing his growls.
Beside her however the man acknowledges her as if she were speaking to him. "I'm here. Please moan again."
"Okay." She rubs a bit more briskly across her clit.
Stimulated she squeals and cums a second time. The man next door stands up and leaves his stall awkwardly. Opening her door to witness her feet touching the stall walls, her knuckles buried up her cunt she bulges her eyes at his gaze. It was her Loan Officer that she and her Ex had met with. As he recognizes her he swallows.
"Mrs. Carpenter."
"Mister Hadley." She doesn't stop moving her fingers in and out. Haunted by their knowledge of one another Nelson Hadley looked toward the main door praying it didn't open.
"Know him?" Gavin grunts ever closer to detonation.
"Yes."
"He stopping you?"
"I don't think so." She watches Hadley stroke his cock locking his gaze on to her pussy.
"Cum together."
"You better fuck me really hard." She huffs at her cell. Again Hadley envisioned her speaking directly to him. He shuffles forward forcing Naomi to remove her fingers in a spatter of webbed cum as if to stop him. She attempts to lower her feet but Hadley captures her ankles keeping her spread wide. She had to catch her sitting balance a bit as his dick drew near her pussy. She gnashed her teeth regretting her words, "Gavin? He's going to fuck me." Before she could expel a definitive "Stop!" His crown burrows deep up inside her. She rolls her eyes at the rock hard intrusion. Gasping she shakes her head, "Fuck it."
Nelson Hadley did. She let him. Gavin shot a massive load. Nelson nuts on her clit just in time upon vacancy. She howled at his every thrust up until removal. Gavin praising her over the phone. Once done Nelson grew embarrassed over his actions. He offered her better loan. Zero interest. She accepted getting dressed. Her panties stuffed in to his pants pocket as a gift she asks him to get her out safely. She left with a check for $5,000 more than the $20,000 her Ex cosigned for. She knew it was his way of keeping her silence. Said and done Naomi took it and ran. Calling Gavin back from her car she grumbled.
"You're evicted Buddy." Followed by an uncontrollable laughter. He knew better.
"Open a savings account there?"
"No shit. Even got a free toaster."
"I ask again...regret renting to me?"
"Ohhhh Gnarly. I'm going to go buy you that bed now. You're fucking me on it tonight."
"Giving me orders Ms. Carpenter?"
Recalling her own words and his she recites, "That would be a yes."
"Yes Ma'am." He then hung up.
Off to the furniture store she went. That extra $5,000 was squandered on Gavin. Bed. Sofa. New recliner. Tables. Worth every penny. Another stop to get fresh linen she set him up. Good thing she bought him detergent. Those sheets were gonna need washing. Before and after. Thank God they delivered same day.
As they made love he sang to her softly his rendition of Enter Sandman. Beast under her bed. In her closet, in her head. Sleep with one eye open. Gripping her pillow tight.
Palming his mouth she sang back tiredly, "Hush little Baby. Don't say a word."
He fell asleep inside her. She gripped her pillow tight.
It was good to be Gavin.