It had happened when she was very young, so young that all she could remember of the accident that had claimed her parents' lives were just flashes... and pain. The pain wasn't something that had happened to her physically—the person who found her and rescued her from the smoldering wreck found her relatively unscathed—the pain was from the shock of the accident, and of gradually learning she no longer had her parents anymore. Learning that she was alone. That was a pain that remained with her as long as Rebecca could remember... although at least it was more of a dull ache now that she was eighteen. She had come to live with an old aunt of her mother's, her closest living relative... Aunt Flor was always kind to her, never mistreated her, but Rebecca had always felt alone. Perhaps the fact that her aunt had lived by herself in a remote corner of the woods, at the end of a little valley somewhere up in the mountains of Idaho's panhandle... what most would consider the ends of the world; a desolate place for a young girl robbed of her parents to grow up. And yet... Rebecca never felt resentful of her life. She was lonely, of course, but she loved growing up in the woods. She always felt safe there—it had been her playground growing up, after all.
Her aunt, a very independent spinster her whole life, had also been a teacher ages ago in the little town five or six miles away, and had taught Rebecca herself, all the way up to high school level. It had been a fine education, except that again it had isolated Rebecca from the outside world and from developing in ways she might have done otherwise, had she grown up with her parents far away in their old home. In fact, the only place Rebecca ever got to see was the little town a few miles away... to her it had always seemed like a big and far away place, as funny as that might seem. She got to ride there from time to time with her aunt, when her aunt's old friend Tom (almost as old as Aunt Flor, anyway) came rattling down the road in his old station wagon. Flor refused to own a car, which Rebecca thought made sense, seeing as how it was a car that killed her parents. As it was, Aunt Flor was oddly protective of Rebecca whenever the two of them went into town. Her aunt was seen as a hermit of sorts, an old eccentric who kept to herself... not that she was the only one who did so, in those parts, so she was usually left alone. Flor kept Rebecca away from the parts of town that had bars, hotels, gas stations... any place where you'd usually find strangers. It was the same old stores and groceries that her aunt frequented, and occasionally some other old friend's house in town, to pay a visit.
This extremely sheltered, remote existence was not entirely lost on Rebecca. As she got older she found herself more and more curious about the town and the outside world, but she dared not question her aunt, nor sneak away. Still, when she was off in the woods somewhere, she found herself wondering what it would be like to sneak into town for herself, by herself, and see just what it was her aunt was trying to hide from her. These ideas grew stronger, and bolder, as Rebecca went through her teenage years... and she found herself confused as she progressed through puberty. Her young body was changing, in ways that her aunt offered little help in explaining... not surprisingly. In fact, as her aunt aged, Rebecca noticed her attention wandered more and she seemed to pay less attention to Rebecca, although they never went to town anymore once old Tom died, when Rebecca was sixteen. Her aunt lost interest in going anywhere after that—her other friends periodically visited and dropped off supplies. Poor Rebecca found herself more alone every day, unable to figure out what was happening to her body and still longing, deep down, to go off and explore.
It wasn't long after Tom died, when Rebecca was seventeen, when she found herself wandering further into the woods that summer. It was the one place she always felt safe, and felt happy, which was why she was spending almost all of her time there. Winter came, and Rebecca was back spending most of her time at home with an aunt who was unintentionally growing more distant. These thoughts... these fantasies... these hormones running through her body, making her feel things she didn't understand... Rebecca didn't know what to do, but the one thing she decided she'd do this coming summer was spend as much time in the woods as possible. Maybe... just maybe... stay there. Just a few days at a time, at first, to see what it was like—to see if her aunt would even notice...
Spring arrived, as did her eighteenth birthday. Aunt Flor didn't even notice. It had been the second or third birthday now that her aunt had forgotten, engrossed more and more into an old television that she so rarely used to watch in the past. Rebecca didn't notice, either—she had been dwelling on these little ideas of hers so much that winter that she could hardly contain herself. Her body had won... the teen's hormones, without any outlet, had been running rampant and she had been entertaining bolder and wilder ideas, things she would have never dreamed of before. She had no idea where these delicious fantasies had come from, but she DID know that all she wanted was to explore this new part of herself, and see what fun she could have without her aunt's knowing about it.
The weather grew warmer and warmer, and the leaves in the forest returned in greater lushness as it did. Rebecca had already been walking and wandering her usual paths during the day once it had been warm enough to do so... but now, now it was time, she felt, to let her heart run free and live out her wild fantasies. It was late April, and been unusually warm all month. Over the next ridge was a small lake, a couple miles away from her aunt's house and in the opposite direction of town. She'd found it about three or four years ago and had visited it regularly—and it was where Rebecca would try several things her newly devious heart had been dying to do now, for months. She covered ground quickly and made it there before noon. The lake was completely enveloped within the forest; the nearest settlement to it for miles was her aunt's house. It covered roughly the same area as a football field, maybe slightly smaller, and it looked beautiful to her in the noonday sun. The ridge bordered the lake on one side and there was a wall of rock on that side; it was also where the lake was deepest. The forest bordered both sides of the lake up to the opposite end, which was shallow, marshy, and muddy.
Rebecca's heart was beating hard... time for the first step. Without even really needing to do so, she looked all around her, making sure there wasn't another living soul in sight. There wasn't. Her aunt was several miles away over the ridge in the neighboring valley, and she was the closest human being. Rebecca knew this, but making sure no one else was around relieved her—and thrilled her. Slowly, savoring the sensation as if she'd never done it, she pulled her shirt over her head, and removed it. She'd left her underwear at home (another little kink she'd developed over the winter). The feeling of the cool air on her breasts sent a delicious shiver down her spine. She'd never taken all of her clothes off out in the wilderness before. Emboldened, she took off her shoes, and her socks, and stood barefoot and bare-breasted in the damp grass. Rebecca licked her lips, and a mischievous grin crossed her face. She pulled her shorts down over her smooth, bare hips, and they fell to her feet. She stepped out of them, her heart pounding—she was naked! Outside!! In flash, without even thinking, she picked up all of her clothes and flung them behind her into the woods—she could always find them later. Rebecca didn't need them. Naked girls didn't need clothes, after all... and she instantly knew she LOVED this.
Rebecca's teenage body had developed into the sort of body that would have made other girls at school jealous, if she had gone to school. Constantly bounding through the woods her whole life had given her a lean, strong shape, and it served her well now, as a young woman. Her breasts were firm—not huge, but very good-sized. She loved her breasts. She didn't even really know what they were for, but she loved how they looked, how they felt... and she loved the shiver that ran down her spine as a cool breeze lapped at her nipples. Rebecca gasped as she saw them harden. She'd never noticed them do that before. Feeling even bolder, Rebecca strode away from her clothes and up the rocks, to the little cliff on the far end of the lake, about thirty feet above the water. She took a deep breath, grinned, and shouted, "I'm naked! NAKED!! I'm not wearing ANYTHING!" The birds stopped for a moment, and continued singing. The forest accepted her, whether she was naked or not.
"Oh my god... I'm so going to do this all the time from now on!" Rebecca said breathlessly to herself, as she clambered down the rocks back into the forest. Everything looked new and exciting to her. She walked all along the edge of the lake, not really sure what she was looking for, but enjoying every minute sensation her naked, exposed skin was sending her. The forest floor here was soft, and the bushes... god, the bushes... when they touched her nipples they got hard again instantly, and made her inhale softly. She loved it even more when the bushes and the leaves would glance across her exposed vagina—THAT was something that thrilled her, in ways she hadn't yet anticipated. Something about that place between her legs was special. Rebecca didn't know why, or what it was that made her feel this way, but in her new boldness she was determined to explore this.
The day grew warmer, and the sun heating her skin reminded Rebecca that there was something else she came here to do. She found a nearby break in the bushes lining the water, and knelt at the lake's edge. The ground here was slightly muddy because of the water, and the cool, squishy ground under her knees felt good. Rebecca stuck a hand into the water, to test how cold it was. It was cold, but it wasn't frigid, as she had expected. It was shallow here and the sun had warmed the water to being almost lukewarm. She smiled. This was perfect. Rebecca stood, a black trickle of mud running down her legs from her knees, and she stepped into the water. It didn't take her long to get used to it, and she slowly waded further in. The lakebed was a few inches deep in mud and algae, and as she wandered in to knee-depth she felt herself walking on submerged, slightly scratchy plants, growing in the muck. The mud between her toes felt really good. She kept going, maybe twenty feet now from the lakeshore. It got deeper quicker here, and at the bottom the water got a tiny bit colder, but she had no intention of stopping now. The cool water embraced her vagina and crawled up to her waist in the next step alone—she stopped momentarily to enjoy this sensation. A few more steps and her breasts were submerged, the water now up to her shoulders. Rebecca took a breath, and ducked under water, totally submerging herself. She came up, and set her feet back in the muck, and cleared the water from her eyes. It only felt cold in the first second; now the water felt perfect.
"Aaaahhhhh..." sighed Rebecca, and she kicked up and floated on her back. The water, the birds singing, the sun shining... it was exactly as she had dreamed all winter. No, it was better, much better. Her imagination couldn't compare to this, to all these delightful new sensations! Rebecca was hooked. Nothing would ever stop her now, from fulfilling anything else her fantasies could cook up. The reward of this was enough to ensure that! Rebecca swam around for awhile, not really paying any attention any more to how long she took. Then, slowly, she remembered those scratchy-feeling plants, growing down there on the lakebed, in the soft warm muck. That mischievous grin slowly grew on her face again. Rebecca took a breath, and dove under water. The water here was maybe four or five feet deep, and was rather dark, but she could see well enough once she got to the bottom. She spread herself out and let her naked body sink into the weeds.... Ohhhhhh. The instant the plants rubbed up against her body, especially those delicious sensitive areas, she was glad she did this. She swam slowly, lazily, along the bottom, groaning underwater in spite of herself as they brushed against her skin. She came back up reluctantly for air, and paused. She was in shallower, warmer water, waist-depth... facing the mucky, muddy, swampy end of the lake, tapering ahead of her. Several ideas hit her at once and she didn't pause this time, diving back under water. She collected as many of the plants as her air would allow, and moved forward as she surfaced a second time, walking slowly into shallower, muddier water. In a few seconds the water ceased and she was thigh-deep in mud, which also felt good. Holding onto her precious plants, she stopped where she was momentarily, and bent her knees, allowing herself to sink slowly into mud, closing her eyes as the stuff rose up her body. That felt... so... goooood...
It was up to her breasts when she was kneeling, so she set her plants carefully aside on top of the mud, and relishing the sensation, used her hands to cover what was left of her skin in the cool goop. She only left her face and hair alone. Rebecca had always had short hair, since her aunt preferred it that way, but Rebecca didn't want to try washing the stuff out of her hair, even with the cool refreshing lake water. She slowly stood up, dripping in thick brown mud, and walked further up to a shallower area, bringing her lake plants. She wasn't sure what she was doing, but something inside was driving her... and she had given in to obeying it completely by now, regardless of what it was. She got to where the mud was ankle depth, turned around, and sat in the warm mud. She found a dry, cleanish-looking piece of wood, positioned it behind her, and lay back in the mud so that her head was resting on it. What was she doing? Rebecca didn't know anymore. Her young, wild body was in control, and she had every intent on surrendering, on giving in. Somehow it felt natural to do that... and soooo rewarding, too...
Without even thinking, Rebecca's knees came apart, and she slowly spread her legs. She didn't even realize she had done it until her feet were far apart, resting in the mud, and she felt a breeze licking at the now open slit of her vagina, where little mud had gotten to yet. Again, she felt a delicious shiver down her spine at the sensation. Rebecca's eyes rolled back into her head and her eyes shut. Now she let her body take over. Eyes closed, she reached for a handful of the soft yet scratchy lake plants she'd collected minutes ago, and slowly pushed them down the middle of her body, making a little trail in the mud and exposing a faint pink line down her torso as some of her skin shone through. Her trembling hand, clutching a few of the plants, stopped at her pussy, which was moist now... but not because of mud. Rebecca didn't notice. Gently she parted the lips some more and pushed the plants against the sensitive, glistening pink flesh with a flat palm. She took a deep breath... and slowly pushed the plants up and down, gently, against her inexperienced young body.
"Ahhhh!!" she cried and her back arched immediately, thrusting her mud-covered breasts higher into the air. The gentle abrasiveness of the plants caused her muscles to tense and made her gasp, and she paused momentarily, biting her lip. She hadn't expected that. She paused, and moved the plants up and down again, with her palm. She experienced the same sensation, but this time it was slightly more familiar, and more anticipated... and it felt good, strangely good. Rebecca kept rubbing the plants, up and down. Her breath grew ragged, and she unknowingly pushed the plants harder against her soft pussy. The more she rubbed them against her clit the better she felt, even though she didn't have a clue what she was doing to herself. In a few minutes she felt something building down there, deep inside, something intense—and it made her only want to go faster and harder. Her cries became moans and sighs, and grew louder, and a dirty smile crossed her face the more and more she masturbated. Rebecca felt like she never ever wanted to put clothes on again. This is was all she wanted now, all she knew, all she could taste. Her hips gyrated this way and that, making sucking noises in the mud as her butt came out of it and back down again, trying to get more pressure against her pussy. Without realizing it, long past conscious thought anyway, a stray finger and a strand of the battered weeds sank into the tight hole just below her engorged clit. Rebecca didn't stop but she instantly relished the new sensation of penetration, even if only so slight, and kept the finger and the weed firmly in her pussy, as deep as she could maintain while still rubbing the rest of the plants against herself.
Whatever it was that had been building and building inside of her down there suddenly exploded as Rebecca cried out, in the most incredible pleasure she'd never dreamed of in her life. Her hands were coated in a tangled mess of mud, weeds, and plenty of her own cum... her first cum. She didn't notice yet, though, since her hands were muddy anyway, and it was all she could do to flop back into the mud and sigh, legs and arms sprawled wide apart. Her vagina was throbbing, and it still felt so good. It—she—felt alive. More alive than she had ever known. She hadn't planned this, not even close. By god, she was glad she had given in to her hormones, her fantasies, her body's desires.
An hour, maybe two must have passed, just laying there, not moving, staring at a cloudless sky. The sun had baked most of the mud on her body by the time she finally moved. Slowly Rebecca sat up. The caked mud made it a little difficult to move but she stood, and slowly waded back into the deeper mud towards the lake. She couldn't help the selfish smile on her face. God, she loved her body, and the things she could make herself feel. She waded through the mud and came into the water, which felt cold again, momentarily... but she got to far enough into the lake until she was standing in those plants... oh, those wonderful plants... at breast-depth. She took her time washing the mud off, taking care to first wash out the amount that had inevitably gotten into her short hair. Her body felt new now. It was something sensuous. It was something to play with, something to be enjoyed. She loved thinking of herself and her naked body this way. Once she was clean, she made her way to the lake's edge, stepped gracefully out of the water, and climbed slowly up the rocks above the deep end of the lake, now in the direct sunlight in the heat of the day. She lay out and fully exposed herself to the sun, loving the warm rays evaporating the water off her smooth, clean skin. It was so relaxing to lay here in the sunshine. As Rebecca drifted off to sleep, a new thought crept into her dozing mind... she loved playing with her young body now. What would it feel like... if... someone else was enjoying it for her?
To be continued...