I wanted to surprise him; he had cheered all year for his team to make the playoffs. I wasn't sure I would be allowed into the stadium in this, but it was worth a try.
Shaving every follicle on my privates last night consumed two hours. I had never been nude in front of anyone but Steve; I was apprehensive when I heard the knock on the door at 9:00 Am.
"Ma'am, we should get started; this will take four hours. Do you want both sides?"
"Yes."
I had always been one to show a little skin, but standing naked in front of two total strangers was challenging my hormones. I had never been airbrushed; the pulses of liquid being sprayed in such intimate places and strange hands touching me were incredibly intense. The thought of being amidst so many so bare was teasing my senses.
"Ma'am, this will likely start a trend; was this your idea?"
"Yes, I wanted something special, something no one else had ever done."
When I viewed myself in the mirror, I was even more impressed.
"Thank you, men, it's incredible. I can't wait to see his reaction."
I better get going; he and his pals had been partying all day. I had never been to a game or so nervous walking through the hundreds of committed fans searching for his tailgating group, all primed and inebriated; one thing was for sure, everyone took notice, whistling and commenting on my form-fitted team colors.
"Hi, honey; I thought I would join you to rally the team in your favorite player's jersey."
He and his friends ceased celebrating, standing in amazement, gawking.
"Oh, my god Steve, this is your wife? Damn."
"What do you have on, Beth? I don't remember those blue jean shorts. That's the tightest-fitting jersey I have ever seen!"
"Do you like it?"
"Well, it's eye-catching, almost inappropriate; your nipples are hard."
"You guys are always painting yourself in team colors. I thought I would join you today, you know, be a staunch fan like you. Would you guys like to inspect?"
"Oh, hell yes."
"This isn't cloth.... It's paint!"
"It is! The only thing I am wearing is shoes...a hat... and paint."
"Beth! You are naked! I can see the crease of your pussy."
"Just paint, and yes, you see a painted pussy, tits, and ass!"
"Oh my god Steve, she is so hot!"
"Are we ready to go to our seats, darling?"
"Do you have a ticket?"
"No, my outfit is my ticket."
I was correct. The gate attendant was dumbfounded as I walked by; the guys were fighting over whom I would sit beside. Every seat was taken. They looked at each other in a quandary.
"All right, everyone, you will need to share."
Steve looked at me with a concerned smile. The game was on; who would win? I scooted past each, making sure they felt the painted blue jean skin on my ass.
"Dan, may I sit in your lap?" As the game began, all rose to cheer; Dan held me tightly; having strange hands on me was invigorating. Each time I retook my place, I felt his delight as I settled down gently and nestled my core perfectly. The first quarter flew by; I ensured my hug was well received.
"Thanks for being such a good sport."
Gene sat patiently as I took my place.
"Oh, my, you are a dedicated fan, Gene. Your eagerness is commendable." He was blessed, flustering my senses, imagining how it would feel inside me; my hormone level rose quickly. As we stood together cheering, he safeguarded that I would not fall forward, arms around my chest; it felt so good when he slipped a palm onto my painted breast.
Half-time required a rest stop and beverage refill. The guys eagerly escorted me back and forth, ensuring their hands spent quality time on my painted-on back pockets.
Stu was next. The game was becoming much rowdier as the score became tied. Each time we jumped up to cheer, I gladly accepted his touch; being naked outdoors amidst thousands was exhilarating; my body was becoming anguished, needing a release. The last seconds were approaching; one kick was needed; everyone stood screaming. Stu's hands explored every inch of me, driving me wild. Clasped in his arms, my finger found its place as I cheered for the team at the top of my lungs, frantically pursuing my need, releasing my most intense climax ever.
"We won!"