"After having so much fun at Grampa Micky's why do I need to go to Mommy's?"
"KNOCK IT OFF!" Lonnie snaps, "I'll deal with her man Mark."
"Noooooooo! You said you would let me deal with him."
"You don't have what it takes to resist him. I do. Skinhead or not, that guy will NOT ruin my daughter."
"DADDY!" She yells with tears developing in her eyes. With casual glances across the car at her he winces. Hiding her eyes by looking out her passenger window she sobs relentlessly. There was more to this than Lonnie envisioned.
"Hey! What's this really about?"
Afraid to look at him she admits her worst fear, "He said he would destroy Mommy. Make her start drinking again."
"That mother fucker. Is he trying to have sex with you by blackmailing you into believing he would do that?"
"You know he is. He wants to tie me up like he does Mommy. Punish me for telling him no."
"That bondage stuff bothers you that bad? I guess I should never have bought all that stuff last month. I didn't realize it would hurt you. I mean you did write in your diary about that kind of thing. Donnie had you in some pretty tight situations."
"That's different. I would love for you to do that stuff to me. I'd even let Joshy. Just not creepy Mark."
"He isn't going to do that to you I promise. If I have to get Joshy and your other boy toys to back me up I will."
"What about Mark's friends? They're like bikers. You...they could get hurt."
"Don't you worry about any of us. Let me just sit and talk to Mark alone. I'm sure this won't move into any violent territory. Most days he's been pretty cordial toward me. He knows why Paula and I got divorced and he's been somewhat reasonable toward our past. If he has changed drastically or been lying to me all along, I'll sort it out and deal with him as needed. You just stay with me or your mom while we're at their house. Try on your gown, show off your graduation dress, and tell mom about your pictures." He snaps his fingers to make her look at him, "ONLY the innocent pictures. Not the calendar potential. We can't let Paula know about those."
"I'm eighteen now. It's not like she could suddenly fight for custody of me."
"No, but you are protecting her from drinking again right?"
"Oh! Right. I'm just upset and not thinking straight. Sorry Daddy."
"Don't be. It's just better that your mom never learns about...us."
"Mark might prove that to her if he doesn't get his way. He said he knows someone who has had me. I just cant figure out who that might be. Nobody that I've slept with is anywhere near what Mark is like."
"He's probably just bluffing."
"I hope so. I like every guy I've been with."
"Ah, my tender soul." Lon reaches over to caress her hair, "Just relax. We only need to be there at most an hour. Then we can go get ice cream."
"Rocky Road?" She brightens up.
"Sure." Hearing her choice he considers that the road ahead might just be rocky. Turning the radio up he let her sing as he pondered the future. He wasn't ready to stop playing with his daughter, even though he was beginning a possible new relationship with the waitress Deborah Johnson. He really liked the woman. Even if her own daughter Coochie was becoming clingy without even having met him. Dinner on Wednesday would tell the tale. This might become more of a hassle than it was worth. So why was he thinking about the cute young African American barely legal? Lonnie Turner was fucked up in the head. He truly needed to sort out right from wrong. That would be a topic for another day. He had three more days to iron out his emotions.
Fifteen minutes later Lonnie crossed into the village of Skokie Illinois. Once upon a time this area was marshlands. He just hoped that no quicksand still existed for him to sink any lower than he had to. Even he was slightly worried about dealing with Mark Rapier. Not only was he a skinhead affiliate he was a tried and true biker. Tattoos and all. What his ex-wife ever saw in the man was beyond him. He was beginning to realize just how much he didn't know about Paula. Who knew she was into that hardcore bondage stuff? Looking at her she was fucking Betty Rubble from the Flintstones, only a redhead. He was certain that Paula would think the same of Lonnie should she ever hear the truth about how he had changed.
Reaching their street Lonnie slowed up long enough to emphasize something, "Whatever you do don't mention my dating Deborah. Not just because your Mom doesn't need to know, I don't want to hear Mark's racist bullshit because Deb is black. Understood?"
"Yes Daddy. I promise not to say a word."
"Good girl. Let's do this." Pulling up to the curb he shuts off his car and looks over to see Mark with two of his friends tinkering on a Harley in the driveway of his garage. Lon's bravado sank the second he spotted Mark's friends. Both of them were burly men with shaved heads with the exception of goatees. Trying to keep strong for his daughter, Lon sighs, "I wonder how I'd look bald?"
"Noooo! I like your hair. Don't you dare shave it off."
"I'm joking. Stop getting your thong in a twist."
"I'm not wearing my thong."
"Of course you're not."
Opening their doors, the two stepped out and headed up the sidewalk toward the front door of the older, less than appealing single level home. On their journey Mark took time away from tinkering to smile and wave at them. His friends were a bit less social outside of eying Paige. Both men rubbed their goatees cleaning off a place for her to sit. They were gentlemen at heart. Sure they were. Paige tried to avoid direct contact but even in her distaste for Mark Rapier her appeal for men in general allowed her curiosity to drift. Lonnie didn't see her smile. She really didn't want to. Dammit!
Waving back via a military style hand salute Lonnie kept on his journey when Paula opened the inside door to their home. A yelping lap dog had given away their arrival. As the screen door creaks open, out bolts a blond colored Pomeranian, which darted directly toward Paige. Instinct took over to kneel and pet the pooch.
"Hi Captain. How's my lil' buddy?" She picked him up and cuddled him in her arms.
"And, there goes the hair infestation." Lonnie scowled, "Black skirt, blond leftovers. Now you know why I won't allow you to have a dog."
"Don't be mean to my Captain. He keeps a tight ship." Paige then whispers, "He's the only good thing about coming here."
"I hear you. Still not getting a dog. Borrow Paula's dust buster before you leave."
"Lint roller."
"That too." He smirks before looking up to see Paula stepping outside in her bathrobe. It was easy to tell she had just taken a shower. Her hair was still wet. Not only that but Mark's two friends were glued to Paula's short bathrobe with interest. All Lonnie could think about was them tag teaming Paula while Mark watched. Knowing of their penchant for bondage and Mark's dominance Lon suspected that she had been shared. Who was this woman these days?
"About time you two got here. I was beginning to think you stood me up." Paula waved them toward her. "Get over here." She lured her daughter in with a smug wave of calling arms.
"Aye Aye Captain." Paige giggled to the pooch before resting him down on to the walkway.
"Sounds like the dog's a drunk too." Lonnie frowned at his own mental jest. Sadly, Paula caught on to her daughter's unintentional cruelty too.
"I do not take my dog to meetings. I am however getting another Pom soon so that Captain has a playmate. I intend to call him Chip." She surprised her daughter with a giggle. Paige merely shrugged and let it go over her head as she accepted her Mother's hug. Lonnie however puckered at his ex-wife's tease. It was pretty amusing for an A.A. joke. At least having a dog named Chip would be a constant reminder to leave the sauce alone. In a way Lonnie was proud of her.
"Let me look at you." Paula releases Paige to look at her Graduation outfit. "It looks better on you now than it did in the store."
"Better without the hair follicle's." Lon chuckled.
"Have the dress dry cleaned before Saturday. I have coupons for 30% off. If you wash it the hair will linger, even after a rolling brush. Let's go inside." She seemed apprehensive about being outside in front of Mark and his buddies. In his release Captain ventured into enemy territory seeking attention. Eying the piranha with fur, one of Mark's buddies seemed tempted to kick the poor pooch. Seeing his thoughts, Paige darted from her parents and dared to face them head on. As both Lon and Paula watch her retrieve Captain by kneeling on the ground to lift him up Mark chuckled aiming for best behavior.
"Hey Kid. Your dress looks nice."
"Thanks. Don't try and sweet talk me, I still despise you." She fidgets as the man who seemed intent on kicking the dog crouched in front of Paige to pet the dog. That and aim for a look up Paige's skirt. In her own lowered stature she hadn't been so lady like, her knees parted wide. He definitely saw her fire arrow pointing at a deliciously moist pink pussy. Once she realized her error she closed her gap and stood up with trembling eyes.
"Hey Mark. Maybe you should adopt a cat too." Berkley Hobbs chuckled. Paige knew he would never have said cat if he hadn't seen her puss. As haunted as she was, her hormones shot lightning bolts toward her thighs. Having any man acknowledge her gave her a thrill, even gross burley bikers. Before rising she notes the other standing biker attempting to steal a glance. He missed out.
"No cats. Stroke one you've stroked them all. Skin them all I say." Mark mused playfully. "Besides my Pitbull Hawg would eat it for breakfast. I'm shocked Paula's toupee with a tongue hasn't gone missing."
"Meanie." Paige winced as she felt a presence behind her, Paula moved in with a protective motherly stance of folded arms. She wasn't certain if she was defending her or her lapdog.
"We don't need any stinky litterbox Finch. I'd be the only one to clean it." Paula shook her head with a creased brow, as she informed the standing biker Donovan Finch. He merely offered an expression of "Dumb bitch", only watching his tongue due to Mark instructing his friends to keep things cool.
"Let's go try on your Graduation gown." Paula encouraged her daughter by reclaiming her pup to keep him safe. Lord knows what these barbarians might do to it when she wasn't looking. They might go so far as to hide him in the oven from her. Reaching out behind Paula, Mark proves his uncouth dominance by pinching Paula on the ass, his hand rising up under her short robe. Tempted to swat his hand, she resisted with a glare that immediately lowered. Paige noticed her reaction and shivered. Her Mother used to have such fire. Now, she masked her emotions. This made her very sad.
Lonnie finally joining the party gripped Paige by both shoulders, "Rocky Road remember?"
"Icee cream." Paige flare her eyes utilizing her childlike voice in an exciting fashion. It made both bikers hard just hearing her. The comment however shifted Paula's attention to her kid.
"Rocky Road sounds yummy." Stepping away didn't sit well with Mark who cleared his throat loudly. Paula froze in step at his guttural proclamation of control.
"While you're hovering over my tools hand me a socket wrench. Three eighths. Hex head." Mark prodded.
Bending over in front of Finch and Berk allowed them to see Paula this time. She too was only wearing a cute little thong beneath her robe. Even Lonnie felt strangely aroused by her swift reaction. While holding her dog the woman lingered, deciding which socket head was a three eighths. Once discovered she passed it over and stood up. Her face was blood red knowing that her ex had seen her obey Mark in such a display. Especially in front of his friends.
"Can I visit with my daughter now?" Paula dared to ask. Mark merely smiled and motioned for her to go. Lonnie didn't know what to do. His defense mechanism wanted to rally, but this part at least wasn't his business. Protecting his daughter was his sole driving force. Thus far, not much was being said about Paige to warrant a direct confrontation. Still, he did need to talk to Mark alone.
"Hey Mark?" Lon grew some balls, "Before we take off can I talk to you about something? Graduation stuff." He kept things less suspect as to where his thoughts really were.
"Sure thing. Drop back out when you guys get done. Take a picture in her gown for me in case I don't make it to her actual ceremony. Not really my kind of..."
"Gotcha." Lon nodded and nudged his daughter forward. Paula hesitantly followed them after an ever so subtle eye contact with her man Mark. Just daring to share a glance made Mark growl. It was evident that even since the last time Paige had seen her Mother, her actions were more restrained. Kind of sexy, kind of daunting. Eerie even.
Inside the house Lonnie let Paula do her thing. Going to her spare bedroom closet for Paige's graduation cap and gown. Peering through the doorway Lonnie noted that the small room look lived in. Feminine things were everywhere. Paula used to be quite the housekeeper even when she was drunk. Did they have a roommate? Lon needed to know.
"Someone staying with you guys?"
Paula holds up the gown in front of Paige sizing up the height issue that she worried about. Trying her best to ignore Lonnie only led to him asking again. Now, even Paige was curious after noticing hygiene products on the dresser and claiming the gown from her Mother to avoid her using it as a shield. Finally, with the curtains open they discover a skulking Finch just outside drinking a beer.
"Spill it." Lonnie moved to close the blinds on the window as if Paige were going to change. Paula immediately reopened them and offered a whisper.
"I...I'm staying in this room. After our conversation over the phone about...Mark, I confronted him. He scolded me by forcing me in here. He told me that he wasn't going to listen to my bullshit and that I should believe him over...my daughter. This is only temporary, the guest room that is."
"Are you leaving Mark?" Paige bulged her eyes trying not to smile over the possibility.
"Oh no. We're just...giving each other...well...room." She swayed her palms around the atmosphere of the tiny bedroom. Lonnie glanced about exploring while he digested her words. On the bedposts were leather restraints, the foot board as well. That looked entirely too conspicuous. Regardless, seeing them directed Lonnie's eyes to Paula's ankles and wrists. Gently reddened rings encircled all four limbs, nothing overly abusive. It was bad enough that tender bruises were evident around Paula's neckline. He concluded that it was just their chosen sex acts, not anything to be stressed over. That again, was their life, not his. As long as it didn't involve Paige he could really care less. Untrue, but he did try to believe his own thoughts on the matter.
"Is he tying you up at night?"
"No nothing like that." She tried her best to lie. Lonnie knew her too well having been married to the redhead. "Try on the gown. If it's too long I still have time to get it hemmed up."
"Nobody measured her height before they ordered it?" Lon narrowed his eyes at the school's stupidity.
"They do, but mistakes can be made." Paula fidgeted. "Go on sweetheart see if it fits properly."
Eying the reopened blinds Paige shied a bit. "I guess. It's not like I'm getting undressed." She then, with the help of her Mother removed the outer plastic. Mom being overly protective of the gown assisted in pulling it over her head and guided its flow over her clothing. Lonnie again mentioned dog hair to which Paula swore she would make certain there would be no stray hairs inside or out by Saturday night. Once the gown draped full length over Paige's bodacious body the hemline halted perfectly over her ankles. Plenty of room without tripping over it. With the cap placed on her head, both parents stood back and absorbed the beauty, albeit hidden maturity of their baby. Looking fifteen was not in service of said maturity. Still, she was now a fully grown woman and ready to begin her new journey as an adult, released from eighteen years in a scholastic prison.
"Isn't our daughter just darling?" Paula melted patting Lonnie on the bicep, "Take her picture silly man." Lon did just that. He would keep it on his cell wallpaper to admire. As he and Paula stared at the picture, the timing could not have been any worse. An incoming call revealed the caller as Deborah. Snatching it from her view Paula looked surprised. Biting her tongue Paula knew that her ex must have had a girlfriend he was hiding. In a sense she was happy for him. Lon merely scowled and declined the call...for now.
"I told Mark I'd show him a pic of Paige in her gown." Lon frowned at what was coming, "You two stay in here and babble about the future or something." After a kiss to his daughters cheek followed by, "You're beautiful Punk." He took his leave.
Paula swallowed dryly while Paige looked toward her Father's departure. Once gone from sight Paige attempted to remove her gown and have her Mother hang it back up. Plopping on the mattress Paige Turner made her Mom sit down. It was time to talk. Neither would be truthful about what was really going on behind the scenes.
Sweating bullets but trying his best to contain his fears on the matter at hand Lonnie took a moment to text Deborah with, "Bad timing. Dealing with my ex and her ole' man. Call you after we leave their house. Miss you Gorgeous." Giving her a minute to reply with her understanding she replies back with, "Miss you more Big Daddy." He followed that with one more text, "Radio silence. This could get ugly. I'll explain later. No reply needed." He added a kissing Emoji to mask how it sounded. Hopefully she obeyed. Obeyed? Where did that word creep in from? Lon shook it off before heading over to Mark and Berk. Finch was obviously still overseeing the women.
Berk noting Lon's walking toward them grunts to let Mark know. He had heard the screen door so merely continued removing the Harley's carburetor.
"How goes the autopsy Doc?" Lon attempted humor. Mark winced up at him and shook his head.
"Nobody's dead. Yet. It's always more fun depriving them of body parts, while they still have spark." Mark Rapier liked his reply. Changing the subject he headed straight for the soul. "Here to talk about your kid's bitterness toward me?"
"You asked for a pic in her graduation gown." He lowers the cell to show him. Drawing back a bit to avoid the glare on the cell he puckered his approval.
"Sexy as ever."
"I'd prefer your compliments over my daughter to be a little less erotic." Lon grew some balls, "What's this about you trying to get my kid involved in your bondage crap?"
Mark grins as he chose to snatch up a rag to wipe his hands before standing tall. He hovered over Lonnie by three inches. "Bondage crap? Are you putting down my lifestyle Lon Wolf?"
"Only if it draws in my daughter. She's barely legal and still impressionable. If she's uncomfortable in your discussions of it, I'd prefer you just keep it to yourself. What you and Paula do is between yourselves."
"My decisions NOT Paula's." Mark calmly informs Lonnie.
"Whatever. Speaking of Paula...you're punishing her for defending her own daughter? It's easy enough to tell that you've isolated her to the guest room."
Behind them Berk chuckled, then chose to swig his beer before letting out any further expressions of amusement. Lon ignored Berk in favor of direct eye contact with the hulking Mark. So far so good.
"Only proving I can live without her if she's going to believe anyone other than her Master."
"Master? I don't see any collar on Paula."
"I can fix that. Berk? Go grab Hawg's collar off his neck and bring it to me. Don't lose an arm while you're doing it." Mark sneered coldly. Berk wasn't certain if Mark meant it so hesitated.
"Knock it off Rapier. I'm not scared of you. All I want from you is that you leave my daughter alone. She's an innocent in all of this."
"Innocent? That's worth a chuckle. Paige is more grown up than most girls her age. You know that as well as I do. should I show you just how much I know about sweet innocent little Paige?"
"I already know that you're aware of her Tender account." Lon produces the photograph which Micky gave him, only putting the picture on his cell so as to keep the original safe. Looking at it Mark shook his head.
"Sneaky old fart from the mall. I might have to pay him a visit."
'Leave Mick out of this. He's only looking out for Paige. You and I need to get past this."
"Do we?" Mark takes his own cell out and shares over a dozen pictures of Paige either nude or in a sexual act. A few of them clued him in on a rogue suspect in Mark's league. One that he hadn't counted on. One that he thought was his friend. He would worry about that later. Ready to speak Mark shared one last photo that made Lonnie pause.
"Fuck."
"Looks like you fucked ole' Paige pretty good Pop."
"How did you get...?"
"I have my ways. How do you think Paula will react if I would show her you penetrating your spunky little rugrat?"
"Not good. I prefer it you didn't. I don't so much care about myself, I just don't want Paula to screw up her long term sobriety. You guys drinking around her can't help either."
"She stays inside when we drink. What happened earlier was her choice to expose herself to our influence. You may not believe this Lon, but I do my best to keep her mind off the hard stuff. If anyone is gonna drive her to drink it's you."
"How can you be supportive one second then threaten to show her that picture? Rather two faced isn't it?"
"I only plan on doing that if I don't get what I want Poppa Turner. I WILL get your approval by Paige's graduation night to fuck that kid silly or I show Paula. Double up that fist toward me again you won't be jerking off for a few months. You might need the Princess to do it for you." Mark grits his teeth, until Lonnie releases the compression over his white knuckles digging down at the threat. Nodding his satisfaction that he was winning Mark looked back at a returning Finch. "Took you long enough to water my weeds."
"Sorry. Keeping tabs on..."
"My kid?" Lonnie improvised, "Stay away from her."
"Fuck you Wimp. I'm gonna jizz on that little cunts face one of these days." Finch rallies until Mark throws up a hand to calm his friend.
"Nobody gets her before I do." Mark snarls.
"Oh, so now you plan on sharing my kid with all of your biker buddies?"
"Of course I do. You gonna try and stop me?" Mark leans in to breath heavily over Lon's face. In response Lon joins him with a growl of his own.
Behind them Berk laughs even harder. "Huff and a puff a lil' more, we'll see which wolf blows the house down first. Should I still grab Hawg's collar? For one of the other piggy's."
Mark ignores Berkley's jest and continues his intimidation toward Lonnie, "Produce the kid by next week or I destroy Paula. Go to the cops if you want. I'll just say I heard you were tapping your underage daughter and got them proof. I wonder who they might believe?"
Lon eases away, but maintains a squint of bitterness. He truly didn't know what to say defensively. He knew that Mark undoubtedly had friends on the police force that might back him up. Corrupt cops were in the news daily. Keeping his daughter safe might mean shipping her to stay with family if this kept up. It was certainly not something Lonnie wanted. Yet, giving his approval to this dickhead was never going to happen. He needed time to think. Finding a solution would not be easy. Keeping this knowledge from Paige was going to be difficult enough. With her graduating she didn't need the pressure of this shit shrouding over happier days. Finally, Lon poses a counter offer, one that he would never truly agree to. He needed to buy time.
"Give me one month. The only reason I'm delaying the inevitable is because I planned on taking her on a surprise trip as a graduation gift."
"Where?" Mark grew curious.
"Tropical. If you must know...the Bahamas. She's never been anywhere other than Chicago, and once to Texas to visit family. She deserves it. I'm not fighting you over this Rapier, just let the kid smile after twelve years of hell. Give her that month to feel alive."
"One month Turner. Fuck me over, I'll get you fired from the Distillery too. I'm sure your bosses would love a sexual predator working for them."
"I'm not...Paige was eighteen already. Fuck you Rapier."
"How would they know that? Let me share one last thing with you." Mark brings his cell back out to again show the photo of Lon and Paige together sexually. Enlarging the picture to emphasize something he had overlooked, made Lon want to puke. Pale as a ghost he realizes that behind them on a wall in Paige's bedroom was a calendar with Unicorns on it. A two year old calendar at that. One that if provided by Mark to the police would make them question when it was taken. That could either make things worse or go in his favor. Potentially, if the cops believed Mark it would look as if Lonnie had tapped his daughter when she was sixteen. Yet again, Lon thinking as logically as he could under the circumstances knew that he could just as easily show the cops the calendar still on her wall. He would prepare a counter attack over the next week. One that would save himself from having to face a Judge and registering falsely as a predator. He knew he wasn't one. Sadly borderline, knowing that at the stroke of midnight on her eighteenth birthday he had seduced his daughter. Regardless, she was officially legal.
"You win Rapier. Just give me that one month."
"Done. You can watch us fuck her if you want." Mark prods him further. "I bet she will love being hogtied and gangbanged."
Lon knew she did enjoy a good gangbang, but on her terms. Her school boys had made her realize just how much. Not to mention Lon himself sharing her with his closest friends. So he thought. That might change here soon. Breath taken away at the prospect of being forced to watch, Lon shied away, withdrawn. Taking a deep breath he raises his hands out of defeat. Nearly dropping his own cell as he backed away, Lonnie left the wolf den behind. So why was Lonnie Turner grinning behind their backs?
Stepping back inside, he found Paige and Paula still in the guest room. Paula had her laptop out and was trying her best to explain her lifestyle to an inquisitive daughter. Once Lonnie realized what they were watching he shook his head, "After what I just had to deal with, you're giving Paige pointers?"
Paula offers a dumbfounded glare then replies, "I'm only showing her that it's not as bad as it sounds. She asked me to explain it better."
"I did Daddy. Blame me. I'm not watching Mark and Mommy. This is two strangers. It's actually interesting."
"Virgin ears. LALALALA!" He covers his own ears trying to deflect Paula from any suspicions after she and Mark obviously discussed Paige, even if he probably had denied everything. He was certain of that.
"Calm down Lonnie. At least our daughter is coming to us for the birds and the bees talk."
"Birds and the bees? Try Vultures and the Hives. Our daughter needs to learn things on her own. She and I have had this talk before. Boys are just now..."
"Finding me hot and sexy?" Paige snickered.
"Adorable too." Paula hugged her daughter enjoying their personal moment.
"Mostly, hot and sexy." Paige wrinkled her nose.
"I remember those days well." Her Mother looked toward the ceiling, "Your Father once thought of me that way. Back in the day as they say."
"You're still sexy Mommy. You're like me you look way younger than you are. You could easily pass for twenty five."
"Bless you. If only that were true. It's the palates. I work out religiously."
"Between all the OH GOD'S MARK?" Lonnie had to roll his eyes. "Or is that OH MAS..."
"You hush Lonnie. Virgin ears remember?" Paula shyly grinned.
"I was going to say OH MASSEUSE."
"Of course you were."
"Why are you both hiding the word Master?" Paige offers a queer expression, "I'm not dumb."
"Grown up talk Kid." Lon winks at her without Paula seeing. It wasn't as if He and Paige hadn't goofed off about that whole Master/ slave thing. Even her boytoy Joshy had sought ownership of Paige after she was graduated. The talk was out there for temporary fun. Lon had second thoughts about that more and more as the bullshit of late was dogging their tails. For now, it was far safer that Paula didn't know of anything that Paige was experiencing. Including her desires. Enough was enough. "You ready to hit the Rocky Road?"
"Yesssssssssss!" Paige excitably throws her arms around her Mother for a tight hug. Lonnie tried not to look but in their contorted embrace he found himself admiring Paula's thong exposing from beneath her short robe. She did still have that sexy youthful look, Paige was spot on about that. Good times rally within of their own younger days. Although back then, Paula was a lot less openminded. Sexy none the less.
Hug released, Paige hops up and dives into Lonnie's chest wrapping her arms around his waist. Chin burrowed into his chest she looks up at him, "I love you guys."
"We love you too Punk." He allows Paula to join their hug from behind. Paige sighed at their closeness. It had been far too long since they had shared this kind of family closeness. In the embrace Paula found herself staring into Lonnie's eyes. He had to offer a friendly wink. She merely let out a deafening sigh of past failures.
"I will see you both on Saturday." Paula steps back. "Oh!" Going to her dresser again she provides a lint roller, "Take it with you. I have one in every room."
At their feet Captain wagged his tail. Paige claimed him one last time for a bit of puppy love. As she did Lonnie motioned Paula to join him in the hallway. Out of hearing range he whispers, "Be careful. Mark's..." She places fingers to his lips to halt his words. A glint of acceptance in her eye was enough. Before she could remove her fingers Lonnie kissed them while pressed over his mouth. She smiled briefly and winked back. She owed him that.
Walking past their moment, Paige and a snuggling Captain shuffled out into the living room. Dancing in circles with the dog in her arms she giggled blurting out, while pointing at something that caught her eye, "Dancing with Wolves." She acknowledges a DVD on an ottoman. Paula wondered how that got there. She hadn't watched that in years. Beside it rested something even more troubling.
"What in the world is Hawg's dog collar doing in here?" Lon instantly knew it was left there for him.
"We have to go."
"Deborah?" Paula smirked turning away from the strangeness on her furniture.
"Oh my gosh." Paige grows excitable, "Coochie's mom is actually going to let my friend have a sleepover? FINALLY!"
"Her friend's mom. From school. Lunch lady." Lonnie improvised.
"If you say so." Paula knew better. She was happy for Lonnie. Letting it go she showed them the front door and waved goodbye. Captain was let out to go pee. Just as Lonnie pulled away Paula heard the Captain yelp and come running to the opened door. It was obvious that someone had either stepped on him or kicked him aside. Eyes lowered Paula rests her forehead on the storm door as the pooch ran inside. Cheeks puffed, she abandons the doorway and moves back into the living room. Kneeling on the carpet with her knees wide and her palms limply to her side she, bows her head.
Resting in that position for ten minutes, Mark finally joins her and procures the large collar. Applying it he locks it on to Paula's neck and examines her reaction. She sat emotionless. Lifting her chin he expects her to look at him, her eyelids remained low.
"Who am I?"
"My Master." She mumbles.
"What are you?"
"Your bitch."
"Who's the Big Bad Wolf?"
"You are Sir."
"Damn straight. Now get that robe off and bring us fresh beers." He had lied to Lonnie about drinking in front of Paula.
In stepped Berk and Finch taking seats on the sofa. They observed Paula remove her robe. Mark snatched it away from her and used it to wipe the grease from his hands. Paula crawled away on all fours and let the three men enjoy her nudity. Thong her only savior. Even that would be taken away upon her return.
Twenty minutes later, and an entire burb away...
Lonnie sat with Paige at an ice cream parlor eating Rocky Road from waffle cones.
"Did you and Mark...?"
"We did. Don't you worry your pretty little head. I resolved things just fine." Not entirely, but he was a few steps closer to regaining the upper hand. Tapping his cellphone as he ate he pondered on what he had just done. Taking a cue from a stunt that he had secretly pulled a few weeks back with young Brett Chenowyth, Lonnie had used his cell to record every word that Mark and he had shared. His threats. Lonnie's admissions. His friends sexual comments about Paige. Even what Mark planned to do to Paula. At the very least he could save face some should the law ever become involved. He would make copies for security. Something that couldn't be erased so easily. For the moment...
"Who's the Big Bad Wolf now?"
As if Lonnie had heard those words himself.
Great minds obviously think alike.
Time would tell.
"Wolf that ice cream down. I need to mow the yard. Wednesday's gonna come quick, and I wanna make a good impression on Deb."
"Coochie too."
"You can pull weeds."
"I can get on Tender and find a sexy guy to do our lawn care." She licks her ice cream playfully.
"You're capable of getting your paws dirty Pup."
"Be nice or I'll dig up the backyard and hide your boner." She snorts.
Standing up from their outdoor table he finishes his last bite of cone. Grinning at her slyly made her shiver and join him in standing.
"Why are you looking at me like that?" She frets.
"Gotta riddle for you. What did the dog do when she saw a big ole bug chasing her?"
Pausing to think over the riddle she bulges her eyes, "I don't now. What?"
"She yelled...FLEE!"
Paige dropped the remainder of her cone and bolted toward their car laughing. He caught up with her and tickled her without mercy. Once the fun subsided he hugged his kid lovingly.
A wolf ALWAYS protected their young.
And HOWL.
( Beddum drum )
===============
Coming in May : Paige 25 : CHICKEN STRIPS