Author's Note:This story portrays a sexual event in a universe where unprotected and anonymous sex has no consequences, so please enjoy it as such. It is a work of fiction; any resemblance to any person or event is unintentional and coincidental, and all characters are over 18. As always, I appreciate your taking the time to leave comments and feedback.
___________________
My name is Willow, and I'm a sex... enthusiast. I revel in fantasy, role-playing, and physically sharing sexual experiences. My principal partner in crime is my long-time friend, Damon. We enthrall each other with descriptions of our respective sexual encounters, share and sometimes role-play fantasies, and have watched each other and joined in with each other with a third sex partner.
You might call our relationship polyamorous, friends-with-benefits, or sexually open—or maybe all of these. We don't worry about defining us; instead, we accept that we get turned on talking about, watching, and having sex. With each other, with others, or both. We are open, honest, and considerate of each other—our relationship may change someday, but it works for us now.
Last summer, Damon and I decided to role-play a fantasy situation I knew I'd never do for real. My kinky dream was to be taken by many anonymous men while naked, blindfolded, and tied up in "public."
I didn't desire to be humiliated, tortured, or abused like many violent porn scenarios portray. Instead, I wanted to feel wanted, lusted after, and pleasured sexually—the idea of anonymous, unpredictable, and beyond-my-control sex was a real turn-on for me. As if my naked body was irresistible to men who only wanted to appreciate and sexually experience me. Pleasure me and themselves. Feeling vulnerable and not knowing when or how I would be touched added to the excitement and feeling of risk.
The plan was for Damon to pretend to be a passing stranger who finds me naked and bound and touches and fucks me. Then he would make me wait an unpredictable length of time before pretending to be another guy who comes along and also fingers, licks me, etc. I would not know how long I'd be there, how or what Damon would do, and would be unable to see or move from my position.
And yes, as you have likely surmised from the title of this story, things went quite differently than I'd planned.
Damon and I had scouted and found a secluded clearing in the woods on the outskirts of town that was accessible but private enough that there was little chance of anyone else discovering us. A perfect location for our role play: technically in public but in reality a relatively safe place.
For extra fun, we set up two "hidden" motion-activated video cameras in different locations to enjoy the adventure together afterward. I would be on one of those oversized folding camping chairs with a padded seat and back and fabric armrests that people use to watch outdoor events.
We arrived at the clearing and set up the camera and chair. I peed behind some bushes as a precaution, not knowing how long I'd be confined. Then I stripped and sat nude on the chair, with my legs lifted, spread, and resting along the armrests.
Damon tied my ankles to the armrests with soft straps. My wrists were tied to each other by a strap length, and two additional straps ran from that strap over the back of the chair and were secured behind. This mostly prevented me from blocking or grabbing anything before me but left me with some maneuverability.
I could rest my bent elbows on the armrests with arms and hands held upright or lift my arms so my hands were up by my head as if I were stretching. I was reasonably comfortable but still bound with restricted movement.
After Damon finished tying me, he faced me with a blindfold in hand. Our eyes locked, shining with mischief and arousal, and then Damon slipped on my blindfold, cutting off all vision.
The warmth of the summer sun on my nude body and face contrasted with the sudden darkness from the blindfold—the effect was darker than closing my eyes. The juxtaposition of sun and darkness instantly created an odd, surreal undertone to the experience. My body shivered with anticipation despite the warm, sunny day.
We had practiced the set-up at home, so I knew how I looked. I sat in the chair, leaning slightly back, totally naked, on display to anyone who happened by. My wavy brown hair tumbled loosely past my shoulders and tits, kept off my face by my blindfold, with natural highlights shimmering in the sunlight. My slightly teardrop-shaped, soft breasts sported pink nipples and silver dollar-sized areolae. Faint tan lines emphasized my pale boobs against the rest of my skin.
My abs were pretty flat, and below that, my neatly trimmed triangle of dark pubic hair seemed to point down to my bare labia. My lifted and spread legs presented my pussy like a gift offering, peeled open in the sunlight, inner lips open like flower petals and glistening with moisture.
Damon double-checked my binds and blindfold. "See you later," he said in a gruff voice. "Got some shit to do, so you're on your own now. Enjoy the nice weather, and don't do anything I wouldn't do." Then, he made a lot of noise to make it obvious he was leaving the area.
I waited. I didn't know how soon he would return, but it seemed longer than expected. The sun felt good on my skin, tempered by a pleasant breeze. Leaves rustled. Birds bickered and trilled. I don't know how much time passed: five minutes, fifteen minutes—I couldn't tell. My anticipation and nervousness built. Nascent arousal churned in my belly. Still, I waited. Concern started to permeate my thoughts.
Uncertainty and vulnerability toyed with my emotions.Why is Damon taking so long? He should be back by now. What if something happened to him and he can't come back? Or what if someoneelsefound me here like this? Shit. We should've had some sort of signal or code. No, he'll be here soon... but where is he?
I cocked my head at every little sound as if that would make it easier to hear. Make Damon's return happen. My gut clenched nervously. My senses were on high alert.
Finally, I heard the crunching of footsteps. The breaking of twigs. Leaves rustling. My heart leaped with a mix of relief, tinged with panic.Damon's here, thank god. It is Damon... must be. It has to be. It better be.I anxiously bit my lip, anxious and excited.
A wave of relief flooded me as I heard what was clearly Damon's voice, using an exaggerated phony redneck accent. "Well, lookie here, Clem. What we got here, I wonder."
Damon changed his voice to mimic another twangy accent, pretending to have a conversation between two people. "I reckon it looks like a sexy gift from the forest gods, Slim." I fought to hide a smile of amusement. At the same time, my pussy surged with wetness in anticipation of the sexual experience that I expected would follow.
I sensed, more than heard, movement towards me and Damon's presence next to me. I held my breath, waiting to see what would happen. I started as I felt his finger guide around and across my nipple, causing my areola to crinkle and my nipple to harden. He caressed both tits, swirling my nipples between his fingers, then cupped and gently squeezed my boobs.
"Remind me to thank them forest gods, Clem," Damon said in his original "Slim" voice. "These here is some mighty fine tits, that's fer sure." I suppressed a giggle as I enjoyed being stroked and fondled. Even though I knew it was Damon, my total blindness and the use of other voices allowed my imagination to submerge myself into the role-play.
"Slim" caressed me, licked my nipples, then brushed his fingers along my abs to my open, waiting pussy, causing my belly to flutter and my vagina to quiver. My pussy undulated as his finger circled my nether-lips, spreading my copious juices around my labia and vaginal opening. My legs involuntarily tried to reposition as I squirmed in the chair, tugging against my binds.
I was aroused well beyond what I would typically be so quickly and with such minimal stimulation. I felt a hunger, a need, triggered by some primal instinct to be taken, bred. My vagina clenched as Damon's—I mean "Slim's"—finger pressed into me, sliding across the sensitive nerve endings in my opening. I instinctively tried to reach out and touch him but was prevented by the restrictions on my hands.
"Slim" fingered me and ran his thumb across and around my aroused clit, sending waves of pleasure radiating through my pelvis. Electric pulses accompanied each stroke of my throbbing nub, and the feeling of helplessness and inability to move caused my body to tremble with arousal.
A sudden breeze wafted over me, and my skin crinkled with goosebumps. Or maybe it was just the eroticism of the moment. "Oh, fuck," I murmured. I bit my lip and turned my head from side to side. "Mmm."
Damon spoke again. He was losing most of his faux accent but admirably maintaining his pseudo-conversation with "Clem." Then, my belly flip-flopped at his promise of unbearably wonderful pleasure. "Feels damn fine here. Wonder if it tastes as good as it looks." I could hear the arousal in his voice. My pussy tingled with anticipation of being licked.
I felt an emptiness when "Slim" pulled his finger out of me and off my vulva, the warm breeze tickling the wetness clinging to my exposed, open sex. I waited, my groin pulsating impatiently.
A warm surge of pleasure accompanied the touch of "Slim's" lips to my labia—his soft lips on my puffy, aroused ones. He pressed his tongue between my folds, probing its tip into my vagina and around my delicate inner lips. I squirmed against the straps holding my legs and exposing my crotch.
My vagina quivered as his tongue met my clit and started circling, flicking, and sucking it. Fire churned deep inside me as ripples of pleasure flooded over, through, and around me. I began to edge towards orgasm, my pending climax fast approaching.
But then he abruptly stopped and pulled his mouth off my pussy. My body quaked with frustration and yearning. "Ah, no, don't stop." I moaned, shaking my blindfolded head.
Nothing happened for a few anguished moments. I lay, leaning slightly back in the chair, helpless. Bound, naked, and on display. Horny beyond measure. Anxious. Waiting. Wondering. Wet.
Finally, words of relief caused my pussy to quiver. "Lemme have a go there, buddy," "Clem" said. "Let's see how my cock fits in this luscious open pussy, Slim. Can't rightly say I've seen a finer invitation." His faux accents inconsistently went from overdone to waning.
Damon answered himself in his alter-ego voice. "Damn sure if it don', Clem. I reckon this pussy is good for quite a few fucks, if you ask me, so go on then, have a go with her."
Ripples of pleasure roiled through me as "Clem" smeared his cock head in the juices between my labia around my vagina's entrance. At least, I thought it was the "Clem" figure—I was confusing the voices and accents, making it hard to track and keep them separated.
Then "Clem" pressed his dick into me, spreading my swollen pussy lips and stretching the opening into my wet tunnel. All thought honed in on my physical gratification as he began to pump deeply in and out, my vagina instinctively gripping his stiff shaft. I wanted to hug him and pull him deeper into me but couldn't because of the straps.
Being tied and helpless, the sun, the risk, and the stimulation had me on edge. Soon, tiny tremors roiled deep inside me, then the first of what would be many orgasms unexpectedly blossomed and overtook me, rippling through me and causing my pussy to tremble and my body to shudder. I rarely came with only vaginal stimulation, so my climax was a thrilling surprise.
"Clem" also rapidly built and released; his cock swelled and spurted powerful jets of semen inside me a few seconds after I came. He continued slowly pumping in and out until all his cum was milked out of his cock.
Then, "Clem" pulled out and left me naked, exposed, my pussy gaping and oozing—leaking a "stranger's" cum. I felt the cool breeze tickle my moist labia and across my bare nipples, which were hard and erect in the sun and fresh air. The darkness from my blindfold contrasted with the hot sun on the rest of my body, which was disorienting and, strangely, sharpened my senses.
"Fuckin' 'ell, Clem, that was damn sure as hot," Damon said as "Slim." "Lemme get in there now." I heard the extended shuffle of feet, then "Slim" ran his hands over my boobs, twirling his thumbs around my nipples. "This here sure is a mighty fine-looking filly you just boned—ripe, ready, and waitin' for more." He was losing the faux accent again, and his heavy breathing caused the timbre of his voice to lower, adding to the illusion of there being two different men.
My belly undulated as "Slim" ran his hands from my boobs to my vulva, then along my open thighs and back towards my crotch. I was high and caught up in the excitement, my body responding and wanting more. I squirmed and pulled against my bonds.Fuck, this is so hot, I love it.
I moaned as I felt the velvety tip of "Slim's" hard cock tease my labia, its hardness separating and sliding between and along my moist folds. I smiled to myself.Damn, Damon is really horny; hard already... or maybe he never went soft. Yay for me.All I knew was that I craved his turgid member inside me, filling me.
"Slim" made a guttural sound as he slowly slid into me, and my vagina rippled and welcomed the return of his cock. "Oh, yeah, so hot," he muttered, increasing the speed of his thrusts. The faux accent was gone, replaced by a deep, rumbling voice of arousal.
I gyrated my pelvis to meet "Slim's" movement, my heart racing and breathing shallow. My skin was coated with a fine mist of perspiration from the warm sun and sexual exertion. I clenched my thighs against my bonds and forcefully rocked my hips as if trying to suck his dick into me.
"Slim's" hands pressed against my tits as he leaned into our joining. Then, he slowed his movement almost to a stop, paused, then groaned and began pummeling his cock rapidly in and out of me like a jackhammer. My chair rocked, and my breasts wobbled wildly with the intensity of his pounding. He held out less than a minute longer before crying out and clenching his ass.
I could feel his hot cum blasting inside me, coating my cervix, filling my pussy.Wow, that seemed like a lot; he must have emptied his balls by now.I bit my lip with pleasure at the thought that I'd turned him on so much.
Damon—or "Slim," I should say—held inside me for a few moments, breathing heavily. His softening cock slipped out, and he stepped back. I felt a trickle of cum trace down across my anus and disappear below. The breeze again tickled my wet gaping pussy, making me shiver despite the heat. My vulva felt empty and abandoned.
"Mmm, so hot," Damon murmured. His voice was heavy with euphoric contentedness and had lost most of his "Slim" affectation—I thought I detected a hint of another accent, something different. I smiled at my playful, narcissistic thoughts.He must have lost focus due to my mind-numbing sexiness.
I heard crunching footsteps fade away from me. I was on edge, aroused, and horny with anticipation. My senses were on high alert, and my sexual euphoria was tinged with a sense of strangeness, a feeling that something was off; I was in an unfamiliar state of helplessness and lack of control.
For a couple minutes, nothing happened. I waited, listening and unable to see—trying to guess what Damon was up to. What he would do next.
The warm air felt wonderful on my bare skin; the light breeze kept me from getting too hot. I felt a little sleepy as time seemed to drag. I moved my arms within the straps' allowance to avoid getting numb. Some small animal scampered on the ground past me, making little skittering noises as it ran.
My ears perked up with the approach of footsteps, snapping twigs and crunching leaves. "Mon Dieu, what 'ave we 'ere?" An outrageous, phony French accent greeted me. "Tres bien, such a beauty."
My belly fluttered at the presence of another "stranger" approaching my naked, displayed body. A grin tugged at the corners of my mouth at the new accent.Silly, but clever and fun. And kind of sexy. I'll call him Pierre.
I started as "Pierre" touched and ran his fingers through my hair's loose waves. He cupped my breasts, gently caressing and squeezing. My nipples hardened in his palms, and goosebumps puckered my skin. His warm lips kissed down my collarbone, between my tits, then took my nipple into his mouth, tongue swirling around and on it.
Little electric shocks tickled my vagina, and I longed to pull the back of his head into me.Damn, Damon is good; he's keeping everything fresh, erotic and arousing. He's spoiling me.
"Pierre" then moved down my belly with little kisses, closer and closer to my aroused vulva. My body quivered at the light, playful touches; lust broiled deep in my loins. He skirted my pubic triangle with his tongue, and then I trembled as he slipped his tongue between my folds. "Mmm, god, that's nice," I moaned.
The tingling in my vagina surged as "Pierre's" tongue flicked lightly once across my clit. He moved around in circles, then honed in and began flicking rapidly against my engorged nub. My belly undulated, and I contracted my pelvis, pulling hard against the straps holding me open in place.
"Pierre" started pulsing my clit between his lips as if sucking a tiny cock, then resumed circling and flicking his tongue. He took his time, teasing, stimulating, bringing me to the edge, then backing off. On my clit, around it, back to my labia, and tickling my vagina with his tongue. I was yearning for release, loving the intensity of my sexual high as my mind and body got lost in the unadulterated heat simmering between my legs.
My breath became short and shallow, and my heart pounded; my climax surged from deep in my gut, and I cried out, "Oh, shit, yes, oh..." My moan became an unintelligible hum of pleasure as my vagina and belly quaked and my abs contracted and released: I pulled against my straps, toes curled and head shaking side to side. "Fuck, yeah, oh, god, mmm."
I panted, my body on fire, pulse racing as I came. I thrashed my arms and strained my legs, muscles gripping and straining. I wanted to stretch, curl up, or something, but was restrained in my semi-reclining seated position, legs lifted and spread wide.
"Pierre's" hands ran along my thighs to my pussy. I wasn't sure what he was going to do, but my clit was so sensitive I couldn't have tolerated being touched there, so I fruitlessly tried to contract away from his touch. Fortunately, he stayed lower; he slid his thumbs between my labia and gently spread me open.
"Pierre" tickled my wet inner petals, then pressed a finger into my sopping vagina. He rubbed around just inside my opening, paying attention to the sensitive nerve endings and circling his finger before pressing fully into me. He added a second finger and began teasing the inside of my canal, caressing my G-spot and causing my belly to quiver and my breath to quicken. His other hand caressed my tits, gently squeezing and playing with my erect nipples. I was barely down from the height of my orgasm as warm waves of sexual pleasure trickled through me, signaling the advent of yet another climax.
I thought I would cum again from just his fingers' vaginal stimulation, but he didn't continue long enough. I felt the familiar empty feeling at the loss of contact when he pulled his fingers out of me, and I waited, heart racing and pussy quivering. Several seconds passed, then I felt the welcome pressure of his hard cock sliding along between my labia, lubricating with my juices. I began to hum with pleasure.
But then suddenly, I froze; my eyes shot wide open under my blindfold.
The realization that something wasn't right exploded in my mind.A hard cock. Hard, again. Already. Too soon. Is that even possible? Unlikely for sure, not a third time in a row—twice was rare. Something's off here, Damon... how can he be that hard? Maybe Viagra or something? Oh, my god... is this even Damon? What's happening?
"Pierre's" cock—Damon's or someone's—pressed through my folds into my vagina, sliding smoothly along my cum-coated walls. I rolled my head back and moaned involuntarily as I felt the fullness of hard man meat penetrate me, sending sparks of ecstasy through my loins.
But, despite the moment's high, my mind raced. Conflicting thoughts, confusion, and spiraling emotions swam through me.
I mentally rolled through my recent impressions and sensations. Hard cocks, all ejaculating—one cock, or more? I was sure I had felt fresh, unfucked cocks. Fake accents with different voices—maybe a cover for multiple men instead of only Damon.Or instead of Damon? Oh my god, is he even one of the three men? Would he do that to me? Would he do thatforme? Or maybe it is Damon somehow. I have no idea who... which.. if ANY, is my boyfriend!
I didn't know who, what, or how; I was confused, horny, alarmed, and excited all at once. I relished the feeling of the iron staff thrusting inside me, but part of me thought I should confront or challenge Damon and whoever was fucking me—call out, demand to know what was going on. Yet I also wanted to continue, embrace it, and revel in the sexual pleasure. Play the game out, pretend I didn't know it wasn't Damon all three times.If at all,I shuddered.
The growing fire of arousal in my groin, however, soon rendered my emotional conflicts moot. Damon plus other men—or only other men. It ceased to matter by that point because I was getting off knowing my fantasy—that I was being fucked by strangers, tied, blindfolded, and naked, helpless to do anything—was being played out for real.
Whatever the situation, whatever happened and was still happening, I was already in the middle of it. Stopping wouldn't change that or the pleasures I'd already experienced. And I was relishing the cock pumping inside my wet, palpitating pussy—Damon or not, it felt fantastic, and I wanted more. So I played the game. Lived my fantasy.
I pretended to struggle and protest in a fake, playful way. My soaring libido was in overdrive, and my pussy and body were on fire, overwhelming any rational objections that tried to surface. I would deal with issues and questions later.
My heart thudded, and my breath got ragged—from the physical stimulation and the psychological and emotional excitement of being taken openly in public by a stranger. A third orgasm trembled through me, drawn out and spiking in intensity in ways I hadn't experienced before. I felt my vagina clamp tightly on the iron shaft inside me, rippling along its length, caressing and encouraging it.
I moaned, "Oh, yeah, so... mmm." My abs contracted and shuddered uncontrollably.
The man—"Pierre," whoever that really was—grunted, and I felt his semen shoot into me—far more than someone who'd already cum. I loved it. Loved knowing I was wanted, sexy, and turned men on, that they got as much pleasure as I did fucking me naked in the woods.
Before "Pierre" pulled out, my heart skipped a beat as I was startled by another man speaking beside me. I hadn't heard him approach. "Bellissimo, what a treasure here in the forest," the new man said, his accent pseudo-Italian. I twitched as his hand unexpectedly cupped my breast, and I turned my head in that direction.
I had no time to say anything before "Pierre" concurred and pulled his cock out of my pussy. "Mmm, qui, and 'ze feels so good as 'ze looks." He stroked the inside of my thighs, apparently taking a lingering gander at my sodden, just-fucked and still-gaping pussy.
Then I jumped as yet another voice spoke from my other side, using an exaggerated British voice. "I dare say we have quite the lovely young maiden here, don't we? I must admit, I do find her ever so attractive." I flipped my blindfolded head to that side. Someone's lips kissed and suckled my nipple.Multiple men, definitely—I wonder if Damon is even one of them.
Then I heard more crunching footsteps and the voices of additional men, some using fake accents, others just speaking. My belly flip-flopped, and I gasped with uncertainty. More men, more than one more. I tensed with anticipation, with arousal, and sexual hunger as the men approached.
Before I could fully process what was happening—and what was sure to happen—hands and lips began touching me all over my body, my lips, boobs, belly, legs, face, hair, feet, pussy. I couldn't tell how many or where they were, whose touch belonged to whom. The physical and mental sensations were overwhelming.
Surprise, confusion, and arousal washed over me at being caressed and groped by so many men at once. Panic battled against arousal, my heart raced, and my skin tingled.
But then my pussy gushed with juices, mixing and diluting the three loads of cum inside me.Fuck, I don't know what to do.... but I'm so turned on—I love this. I should struggle, stop it. Or... not. This is what I dreamed of. I'm living my fantasy; this is incredible.My entire body shuddered in ecstasy.
A cacophony of sounds—moaning, sucking, talking, whispering—augmented my physical stimulations. As if in the distance, I faintly heard Damon's familiar voice quietly penetrate the sound milieu. "So many strangers loving your body, pampering you; you're gorgeous and obscenely sexy, so indulge, yield to your fantasy."
Damon's words caused electric jolts of pleasure to vibrate through me, and knowing he was there gave me a sense of safety and allowed me to let go and freely succumb to the debauchery.
My body responded to each touch, stroke, lick, and kiss—quivering and tingling. A firm, hard cock pressed into me. I moaned, feeling the fullness stretching my pussy open, deep into my dripping vagina. Hands caressed my thighs, my arms, my lips. An erect penis solicited my hand's attention, and I instinctively grasped and jerked it within the constraints of my binds. A splatter of cum splashed on my tits, then a hand rubbed it into my skin and nipples.
Other hands caressed and mashed my boobs, feeling their fullness. Someone lightly bit my nipple and stretched it out before releasing and letting it snap back, then suckled it like a baby. Fingers rubbed my clit, triggering an instant build-up and orgasm, but I had no time to come down before another began roiling deep inside me. The cock inside me erupted, then the man pulled out, and I felt several additional swirls of wet semen paint my labia and pubes.
That cock was replaced by another without pause, which thrust forcefully for less than a minute before swelling and exploding inside me. The stranger pulled out, and within seconds, yet another throbbing pole slipped smoothly into my sodden pussy. The near-continuous pummeling of dicks in my vagina caused me to moan loudly and thrash against my restraints as I rode seemingly endless waves of rapture.
The turgid staff inside me palpably spasmed and shot jets of thick semen into the accumulated liquid already in me. Cock after cock penetrated me, pleasured me, and ejaculated into me. All pumped globs of warm sperm deep inside my vagina, filling me with cum, joining their liquids with mine. As I was repeatedly fucked, hands, lips, and tongues continuously roamed over my body, stimulating and coddling me.
I became lost in the euphoria, the ecstasy, as torrents of pleasure coursed through me and radiated out of me. I swung my head from side to side, gasping and moaning with rapture, surprise, and release, drifting from one orgasm into another until it seemed like I was continuously cumming, losing touch with anything but the sexual sensations. My body was on fire. My pussy craved more cock each time someone pulled out. Semen drained out of my flooded vagina with each withdrawal.
Time ceased. There was only the hedonism, debauchery, the sex. Ongoing, unremitting, surreal, and out of control. My skin was on fire, and my body quaked with tremors, want, and surging pleasure. Another dick pressed into me—a thick one—and stretched my vagina wide. Someone inserted a fingertip into my butt, gently probing inside, which caused electric waves to ripple over me and my vagina to clamp down on the dick that was currently pummeling me.
Hands and cockheads smeared the liquids coating my vulva, perineum, anus, and ass cheeks. Lips, tongues, hands, and fingers manipulated my clit, nipples, and breasts, sending shockwaves deep into my pussy. I pulled wildly against my bonds, which created tension and leverage to clench and undulate my muscles. Another penis pounded into me and erupted... another pulled out and coated my pubes and belly.
I moaned with pleasure and cried out with continual orgasms, panting with a racing heart. Someone's tongue scraped between my labia and circled my clit before being replaced by a pulsing dick. And always hands, lips, tongues, caressing, tickling, pleasuring. Swarming over my body like some sort of multi-limbed creature. A creature designed and created to stimulate me. Service me. Be satisfied by me.
I felt the tip of someone's dick press against my mouth, and I automatically tried to take it into my lips, tried to swirl my tongue, and suck it into my wet mouth. The angle was too difficult because of the chair's shape, so I couldn't properly suck him off and he pulled out. A man—probably the same guy—kissed me fervently on the lips before kissing his way down to my nipples, which held his attention admirably.
I had no sense of time or the number of men, orgasms, or ejaculations. I swam through a fog of unabated sexual stimulation, repeatedly reaching peaks of ecstasy, tremors of pleasure, and gushing wetness. Cock after cock penetrated my gaping pussy and filled me with cum. Lips licked, sucked, bit, and tickled. Fingers pulled, caressed, rubbed, and fingered all my holes. My body quaked and shuddered, and I moaned with euphoric delight.
Eventually, the men's ministrations subsided. One last penis ejaculated deep into my overflowing vagina, then pulled out with a gush of semen. Leaving me empty. A last kiss on my nipple signaled the final contact. Many footsteps crunched away as the conglomeration of testosterone left the clearing. Men murmured, laughed, coughed—their sounds faded into the distance. I panted, and my breasts heaved with heavy breaths as I listened to their fading sounds of jollity.
I was left alone in my chair with my legs spread open, naked in the warm sunshine, globs of cum bubbling out of my pussy. Perspiration coated my skin, and the wetness of my leaking, semen-filled tunnel ran down over my anal star to the chair below. My heart pounded with residual excitement, and I took deep breaths to gradually slow my breathing. I relaxed and floated on memories of ecstasy, my mind drifting to no place in particular. I was sated, blissful—still both wired and exhausted at once.
Several minutes passed before my reverie was interrupted by Damon's voice.
"Hey, there, beautiful," Damon said. "That was abso-fucking-lutely crazy incredible. I mean, mind-blowingly hot. Just... amazing in all respects." His finger traced my cheek and along my jaw. "How 'bout you? What you expected?"
I blew a huge sigh, smiled, and shook my head. "Expected? Not even remotely." I chuckled. "Not in my wildest dreams—no fantasy has come even close to this." I moved my blindfolded head around as if looking for Damon. "Who were those guys? I assume you set this up, that you know them." I wondered if he was going to take off my blindfold and untie me or make me wait for something. I could wait; I was in no rush.
"Yeah, guilty as charged." Damon ran his finger around one of my nipples. "They are friends from my old frat. I've known them for years—all great guys, perfect to join us in our little game."
"I'm a little afraid to ask, but just how many of these 'great guys' were here? It seemed like a whole platoon of little erect soldiers left tributes in my feminine repository."
Damon chuckled. "Now, there's a kinky image. As for numbers, there were eleven, plus me, of course. But I think one or two might have double-dipped and left bonus deposits in you. Or on you."
"What did you tell them about what we were doing? I mean, it's kind of a weird ask, I would think."
"I stuck pretty much with the truth and told them it was our fantasy for you to be taken by many men while helpless and that you wanted to do it in real life."
"Well, that's a bit of a stretch; I wanted to ROLE PLAY my fantasy, not actually do it."
"But you loved it, didn't you? Every minute of it, every cock, every orgasm. Didn't you?"
"Touché—got me there," I smiled. "Once I got over the initial shock and a bit of panic, it was the most amazing sexual experience I've ever had. Incredible." I paused and lifted a hand against my straps. "So, going to untie me?"
"Of course. But not yet. I'm gonna go say goodbye to my buddies and connect a bit about this whole thing. They'll be all abuzz and want to relay their experiences and reactions." Damon tweaked my nipple, causing me to jump. "I think you should enjoy sitting out here a bit longer, all jizzed-up, naked, and sexy; revel in the moment. Keep presenting this positively amazing vision a while longer."
I didn't really have a choice, and I enjoyed the solitude, sun, and forest now that I knew I was safe and my unplanned gangbang was over. I nodded and smiled. "You're the boss here. You know where to find me."
"Well, enjoy the beautiful day. I shouldn't be too long." His footfalls crunched away from me, then stopped. "And behave yourself this time." He laughed and disappeared.
I sighed, closed my eyes under my blindfold, and relaxed in the warm sun. After a few minutes, I started to doze. But I perked awake at the sound of someone approaching from the opposite side of where Damon had gone. I could make out two voices, both of which sounded male.
They were coming toward me. I sat motionless, wondering what was happening—whether Damon was up to something again. I waited, curious, a bit nervous, and keyed up.
Footsteps stumbled into the clearing, followed by a male voice by the forest edge. "Whoa, Connor—look! In that chair, a woman, and she's... like, totally naked. Just sitting there... right in the open. Wild."
A second voice, presumably Connor, was full of wonder, "Yeah, and she's majorly awesome."
A flash of panic surged through my chest.Fuck, it sounds like I've got uninvited company. Shit. What should I do here? When's Damon coming back?
"But what's she doin' here?" Connor said quietly. "Looks like she's tied up." I could hear the alarm in his voice. "You think she's been kidnapped or something? What should we do, Sam? Think it's dangerous around here?"
"I dunno. I don't see anyone... maybe we should see if she's ok." Sam said.
"Yeah, good idea. But we gotta keep a good lookout in case whoever tied her up comes back. It could be some sort of cult ritual or a kidnapping thing."
I heard the men—maybe boys, late teens by their speech—creep closer. I imagined them wildly looking around to see if anyone was there. "I don't think anyone is here," Connor whispered loudly. "But what's she doing here? How'd she get here?"
"We should go closer," Sam said under his breath. "And... ask her if she's ok... why she's here like this. Naked. And tied up."
I listened to the boys' whispers, hearing most of what they were saying but keeping quiet. A mix of trepidation, curiosity, arousal, and concern swirled through my emotions.
I'd had a few minutes to settle back to Earth after my gangbang, and rational thoughts began permeating my fog of sexual euphoria.They might do something unpredictable, even hurt me. Oh, shit, I hadn't thought of that. Actual strangers, not Damon's buddies... what'll they do?
I heard the crunch of their footsteps as the boys approached me. "Miss? Um... you ok here?" Connor stammered nervously.
I nodded affirmatively and said nothing.
"Ask if she's been kidnapped," Sam whispered to Connor. "Ask if crazy men tied her like this, if they're coming back, ask if she's in danger—"
"Quiet," Connor interrupted. "Let me talk." Then, he dropped his voice lower and whispered to Sam. "But, woah, I mean, just look at her; we can see everything... her tits and pussy and everything. She's so hot; man, this is amazing."
"Duh, I can see that," whispered Sam. "But why's she here? Ask how she got here."
I listened to the exchange, relaxing somewhat, as the boys appeared more concerned and curious than potentially dangerous. I felt a flutter in my belly in response to their lascivious interest in me and because part of me wanted to see if they might be emboldened to join in some sexual fun.
"Um... er, hey, Miss?" Connor said. I cocked my blindfolded head in response. "Erm, so... have you been kidnapped or something? So you need us to untie you?"
I silently shook my head, indicating no.
I heard the consternation and confusion in the boys' voices. Sam whispered, "I don't get it. She's just sitting there, naked. She's gotta know we can see everything. But why doesn't she want to be untied?"
"Yeah, it doesn't make sense to me either," Connor said. "Maybe she likes doing this? Likes people to see her like this?" He paused. "That's so hot. Never seen anything like it, not even in porn."
A warm glow seeped through my tummy.Ah, at last they're getting past the 'freak out' moment and acting like proper horny young men.
A crunch of footsteps and a much closer voice. "Fuck, Connor, look at her snatch—I think I see jizz seeping out. It's all over the chair under her butt."
"Shit, you're right. Think that's what it is? It's like she just got fucked." Connor's whispered replies had become close to a usual speaking level. "And there's more on her; look at her tits and thighs."
I resisted the urge to add a snarky, "You know I can hear you."
"Um, so, Miss? Why're you here if you haven't been kidnapped and don't want to be untied?"
"To fuck," I stated matter-of-factly.
"You... to what?" Sam said. "What do you mean, 'to fuck?' You're tied up here in the woods to fuck?"
I bit my lip to keep from smiling. "Yes." A quiver of arousal flipped in my belly as I sensed the probability of sexual contact increase.
"I don't get it," Connor said. "You say... what do you mean you're here to fuck? To fuck who?" Connor asked. "There's no one here. And how can you fuck if you're tied up in a chair?"
"Hang on," Sam said. "Do you mean someone is supposed to fuck you in the chair? Fuck you while you're tied up?"
I nodded. "Yes."
"Are you waiting for someone? To come here and have sex?" I think it was Sam again; his excitement changed the pitch of his voice.
"Or not waiting for someone to come here," I said. "Maybe just waiting."
"Waiting... to have sex?" Connor was starting to click. "But not someone... you mean, sex... like with someone who's already here?" His faltering query was distorted by a tremulous quaver in his voice.This guy is so cute; I wonder what he looks like.
"You mean, waiting for us to fuck you?" Sam asked incredulously. "Really? Like us... here? Is that what you want?"
"Whatyouwant is what's important," I said. "I'm just here, waiting. Ready. What do you want to do?"
"Holy shit," Connor muttered. "Ok, so you mean if we want to fuck you—like right now, here—we can just do that? That's ok?"
"Yes."
The two teens met my simple reply with furious and fervent whispering. Crunches of movement and a shadow across my face indicated the boys had moved right up next to me.
"So, if I wanted to touch your tit, um, I could do that?" Connor asked. A hand tentatively brushed across my breast. "Like this?"
"Mmm, yes."
A second hand—I couldn't be sure if it was Connor's or Sam's—started squeezing and stroking my other tit. Both boys murmured appreciatively. Someone's hand stroked down along my belly and cupped my pussy. I trembled in response, enjoying the cautious, curious exploration of my body by the two apparently inexperienced young men. I pressed my pelvis forward within the restrictions of my straps to indicate approval.
"She's really wet—and slippery," Sam said, sliding his finger along between my folds. A second hand joined Sam's on my pussy, and both boys stroked, tickled, rubbed, and explored my vulva, occasionally rubbing my clit, which sent shocks of energy through me.
After a minute or so of exploration, a finger finally parted my inner labia and penetrated my sodden vagina. "Woah, really slippery. And warm," said—I think—Connor.
"Let me feel," said Sam, replacing Connor's finger. "Damn, this is so cool. And I'm getting so horny, I can't believe this." The boys alternated fingering me, caressing my boobs, even having some sensual suckles on my nipples. More whispering, unintelligible but sounding earnest.
They had apparently abandoned any concerns for my safety and accepted my situation. In their obvious arousal and astonishment, how or why I was there seemed no longer relevant. I had become a toy for them, a sexy, naked woman who was here—miraculously—for them to play with, use, explore, and, amazingly, fuck. At least, I hoped so; I was getting aroused by them despite my recent hedonistic odyssey.
Connor must have won the verbal coin toss. "Ok, so, wow." His voice came from directly in front of me. I heard the clang of a buckle and assumed he had dropped his pants. "I can't believe this; I'm really about to fuck a girl, right here. This is awesome."
I realized, belatedly, that both teens were not only inexperienced; Connor, at least, was likely a virgin.What a story they will have to tell.
Connor's hard cockhead pressed against my labia, then moved around, sliding and tentatively probing. I realized he was not lubing himself up but instead seeking my opening.
"A little bit higher," I offered. "Press forward and up."
The lad happily accepted my direction. Connor's penis pressed against my vaginal entrance, paused, then slipped inside my slippery, drenched tunnel. I felt his dick pulsing, and his body trembled as he pushed deeper, paused, then further in until our pubic hair met.
"Wow, I did it," Connor exclaimed proudly. "I'm in her pussy, all the way in."
"That's really cool," Sam said. "Congrats, my man. So, go ahead, don't just stand there. Start fucking her already."
Without replying, Connor pulled mostly out, pressed back in, and then started thrusting forcefully. "Fuck," he said to the world. "This feels so great."
Less than two minutes passed before Connor suddenly pushed forward and held himself hard inside me, his body quivering. I felt his cock swell, and a blast of semen erupted inside me. "Oh, yeah, fuck... ooh," he grunted.
"Damn," Connor said and pulled his still mostly hard dick out of me. I felt strands of cum that must have stretched from his still oozing cock drop onto my thighs. "That was fantastic."
"Yeah, it sure looked it. Ok, my turn," Sam said to the sound of feet shuffling. "Out of the way."
For a moment, no one touched me or said anything. I waited, wondering what they were doing. "What are you waiting for, man?" Connor murmured from my side. "Go on, stick it in her."
"Don't rush me, asshole; I'll do it when I'm ready." Sam sounded like he was in front of me, facing me. I pictured him in my mind's eye, standing with his stiff cock out and ready, drinking in the sight of my naked, well-fucked body. "I want to remember everything about this moment," Sam continued. "This is the most incredible sight I've ever seen. Way better than my other time." Seemed like Sam was the more experienced novice.
Sam's moment of reflection was short-lived, however, as his libido decided he'd had enough viewing. He didn't touch me anywhere with his hands; the next contact I felt was the tip of his turgid erection pressing between my swollen pussy lips. His aim was true, and he forcefully shoved into me, sliding easily along my inordinately lubricated walls. I contracted my pelvis to meet his solid thrusts and smiled as he grabbed the sides of my hips to get a better, deeper angle.
Hands—I think Connor's, or maybe both guys—swarmed over my boobs, abs, thighs, pulled my nipples, squeezed my tits. Sam pummeled my pussy with wild grunts of pleasure, causing fiery waves of energy to surge in my loins. He was a worked-up horny teen, however, and it was not long before he gripped my hips, howled, and ejaculated.
Sam's cock spasmed as he erupted first in my vagina, then pulled out and painted my belly and pussy with several more ropes of semen. He smeared his efforts with his dick, sliding in and around my puffy labia and matted pubes. I felt warm gratification at his enjoyment of my body.
"Awesome," cried Connor. "Fuck man, that is so hot. I'm so fucking horny seeing that, I'm gonna have another go. Move over."
Connor stroked my thighs. He spread the mix of cum and pussy juices around my lips and pressed his finger into my vagina, sliding in and out several times. Then my vagina rippled as he slammed his turgid dick into me and started vigorously pumping in and out. Again.Shit, these guys are like the energizer bunnies; not sure if this is a quick recovery or if he never went soft.
My body responded to the rapid-fire pummeling by undulating and gyrating, and my vagina gripped Connor's steely rod with each thrust. My uneven breath joined his unintelligible grunting for the marginally longer time he took that second time before climaxing—under three minutes at most. But his goal was not to prolong the experience but to enjoy getting off. He clenched his ass and launched what felt like a massive quantity of cum deep inside me. This time, he stayed in until he began to soften and plopped out.
I waited for the inevitable. Didn't have to wait long. Unsurprisingly, Sam decided to enjoy a second round as well.I don't remember guys springing back this fast—it must be youth and the excitement of the whole situation.
Sam's cock filled me, and, like his buddy, he pounded away with fervor and abandon. I was starting to feel uncomfortable from being tied for so long and some soreness in my vagina, so I was not disappointed with his lack of endurance. He injected me with cum, and he didn't pull out that time, likely wanting to enjoy the feeling of being inside a warm, wet pussy as long as he could.
Lips on my nipples drew my focus from my pussy, as Connor licked and suckled each boob in turn. "Just giving some thank you kisses," he muttered, mouth full of tit. His gentle nibbles felt warm and comforting.
I felt lines of cum draining out of my vagina, across my perineum, and over my puckered anus. Presumably, the chair below was a mess of gloppy cum from all the men's loads that day. I smiled at the thought. Then, my reverie was interrupted.
"Ok, guys, the party's over." Damon's voice suddenly booming in the clearing startled all three of us.
"Shit!" Connor and Sam said in unison.
"Oh, fuck... we're busted, let's get out of here," Sam said. I heard the scramble of feet and the clinking of belts.
"We didn't do this," Connor called out, panic in his voice. "We found her like this—she said we could fuck her. Really." I could picture them scrambling to dress, terrified at being caught, literally with their pants down.
"Yeah, she was just like this—someone else tied her," Sam added, his voice trembling. "It wasn't us, swear to god. Don't hurt us, we're sorry."
"Hey, calm down; you're not in trouble here," Damon said. "Chill, you did exactly what she wanted—what we planned to happen." His voice was patient and reassuring. "This was a good thing. Seriously."
"Rea... really? Sam said, his voice still shaky. "You wanted people to just come by and fuck her? She wanted it too?"
"So... you tied her up like this?" Connor added, still bewildered. "All naked and... out here in the open?"
"We did, yes," Damon said as he crunched over to me. I felt his hands on my blindfold, then squinted against the bright light as he pulled it off.
My eyes took a minute to adjust before I could focus clearly. I first saw Damon's face, eyes crinkled and dancing with amusement. Then I looked at Connor and Sam, two men in their late teens or maybe twenty, standing with bewildered expressions as they looked from me to Damon. Neither looked as I expected—not better or worse, just different—their faces didn't match their voices as I'd pictured them.
I had no idea who was who, but it didn't matter anyway. I smiled, making eye contact with my studs for the only time that day. Part of me kind of wished I hadn't seen them, and they had stayed as unknown, anonymous fucking-me strangers. But it was fine.
"Hope you had fun, boys," I said. "I imagine you have quite the story to tell your buddies now. But it's time for you to move along. Bye-bye."
"Uh, yeah, ok," one of the boys said—it sounded like Connor. "Fun... yeah... unbelievable, really." The guys exchanged glances. "Well, so long. Um, bye. And... er, thanks." They turned and quickly left.
I looked at Damon. "Untie me now, please." As he undid my straps, I stretched, rubbed my wrists, then stood shakily. My legs tingled, partially asleep. Globs of cum diluted with pussy juice poured out of my vagina and streamed down my legs.Evidently, gravity seems to be functioning just fine.I smeared the sticky liquid on my thighs in a futile attempt to mop up without a cloth.
I gave up the effort and looked at Damon, my eyes gleaming. "How long were you watching?"
"Saw most of it, at least all the fucking; they were touching your tits and whispering when I got here." Damon's eyes flared with arousal. "The whole thing was pretty hot—hot seeing them fucking you and cool that they really were passing strangers. An added bonus to the day."
Damon paused, reflecting, then shook his head. "Man, imagine what it was like for them. How amazing. What a priceless treasure to add to their spank-bank memories. They'll be mentally reliving this day—with one hand—for decades." He laughed at his own turn of phrase.
I chuckled, then nodded towards the hidden cameras and back to Damon. "Speaking of reliving the day, I can't wait to see for myself." I grinned lasciviously. My nipples hardened with arousal at the thought despite being sexually exhausted. To watch myself living out my wildest fantasy, see myself naked, fucked by multiple strangers... a shiver ran through my body, belly, and rippled into my pussy.
I met Damon's eyes, bit my lip sensuously, and tilted my head. "So... I was wondering if you'd like to hang out tonight... maybe watch a video or something." I pursed my lips as if remembering something. "I hear there's a brand new video with an incredibly hot babe getting up to all sorts of kinky sex.Living Fantasies, I think it's called."
"I've heard it's amazing, one of the best." Damon smiled, his gaze roving up and down my naked body. "It's a date."
We kissed. I cupped Damon's bulging crotch, and he squeezed my bare ass. I dressed. We packed up and left the clearing, taking with us a lifetime of erotic memories—and the cameras—with us.
END