Author's Note: Time to wrap up Vegas and get back to Houston to get Kat married, and let's see where that takes our cheating couple after that. Thanks for reading!
* * *
I was still playing with house money on this trip, and I owed my Wynn host, so I camped out at a $500 per hand blackjack table. I was alone and enjoyed chatting with the dealer. The play was choppy, and I didn't stray far from even. I had a couple drinks and looked at my watch after every hand. It surprised me to be this anxious after Kat had texted me the envelope contained $1,000.
The idea to set Kat up to play escort for an hour had hit me out of the blue but seemed brilliant, so my first instinct was to ask my host at the Wynn if he had any players in town who needed some recreational fun. He had procured girls for me several times. As luck would have it, a retired athlete had requested companionship that afternoon, which worked out perfectly. This was a known player, set up by someone I could trust and had done business with for a few years, yet I was nervous. And I was nervous because I worried something might go wrong, and I couldn't live with myself if that happened to Kat. These feelings had lay dormant in me for so long that they seemed foreign.
I looked at my watch again. It was 4:40 p.m. About twenty minutes to go. I felt someone walking behind me and downed the rest of my drink. I was about to turn and order another one from the cocktail waitress when I felt a hand reach around my chest and a burst of yellow fabric greeted me as I felt a pair of lips on mine.
"Hi babe!" Kat said and sat down next to me.
"You're early!" I exclaimed.
She looked at me and bit her lip. Her makeup was still immaculate. Her hair shone luxuriously. My eyes met hers with warmth. We hugged, and she whispered, "You need to take me somewhere and fuck me right now."
I cashed out, and we held hands, walking rapidly through the casino.
"I don't care where it is," Kat said, "but I need your dick inside me so bad. You have no idea."
"I take it you had fun?" I asked, my heart thumping.
"I'm not going to tell you anything until you cum inside me," she said.
I desperately tried to think of a spot at the Wynn for a quickie. Nothing came to mind, so I guided Kat to the parking garage. We took the elevator to the roof, then found a stairwell. Kat pulled up her sundress and ran two fingers across her pussy lips. They were dripping with juices, which she played with as she moved her fingers back and forth, showing me the strings stretching one way and then the other.
I unbuckled my pants hurriedly, and Kat pulled me to her with her back against the wall. She wrapped a leg around me and desperately guided me inside her. We fucked at a white-hot, blistering pace. Neither of us could speak coherently, until finally Kat panted, "I'm your whore now." Our lips mashed together. We didn't relent for what seemed like an eternity but couldn't have been more than two or three minutes.
My orgasm hit me like a lightning bolt, and I emptied myself into her, pinning her harder against the wall with my hips.
"Yes!" Kat hissed as I filled her cunt.
We collapsed into one another and quickly put ourselves back together.
"That was so hot!" she said. We returned to the casino, settling in for a drink at the Parasol Down.
"It'll be hotter if I tell you somewhere public, won't it?" Kat had suggested. "I want to watch you squirm."
"So you did enjoy it," I said. It was a statement.
We sat at a table along the railing, next to the Lake of Dreams.
"I didn't know what to expect at first," she said excitedly. "It was awfully overwhelming. And you didn't give me much notice or a choice."
"If you want to swim, sometimes you just have to get thrown into the deep end," I said.
"I thought about bailing," she confessed. "Just killing the hour and coming back to find you. But I closed my eyes, collected myself, and thought, okay, if you trust him, nothing bad is going to happen. So I got on the elevator."
"And?" I asked.
"He was gorgeous," she said, "and a total gentleman. I confirmed his name, and, just like you said, he handed me the envelope. I excused myself to the restroom and counted it, which you know, and when I came back into the room, he was lying naked on the bed."
"Did you use condoms?" I asked.
"Two of them," she said and gave a casual giggle, "but let's not get ahead of things. He was very direct, but he had a very fit body. I was comfortable immediately. He told me to undress, and I did, then he wanted me to suck his dick. He was clean and tasted good, so it made it easy to be enthusiastic. He was polite and relaxed but also firmly in control. It made me wet."
"Did you cum?" I asked.
"Let me tell the story," Kat said. "It wasn't long before he wanted to fuck, so I put on a condom and rode him. And he came super fast. Like a teenager fast. So we talked and kissed, and he got me a water and fixed me a drink. Then he asked if I was okay with a second round, and I said sure. He said I wasn't like the girls he usually met, and I told him I hoped I wasn't because I didn't want him to see me as just another girl. He put me doggy style on the edge of the bed, and he stood up and fucked me from behind and came again in maybe ten minutes? And that was it. He gave me a $300 tip and said he hoped to see me again."
"Wow," I said, unable to muster any other words. My cock was painfully hard in my pants again.
"I guess I was surprised at how transactional it was," Kat observed. "At the same time, we only had an hour, and you don't really have time to waste. I liked it. I liked the power. Even though I was just there to be used. He was so excited I was there for him. That made me feel like I had the power. But, no, I didn't cum."
"I think I have the power," I said, looking at her directly.
She blinked. "You're right," she said. "You do. I'm a whore. I'm a whore for you."
"And? How does that make you feel?" I inquired.
"Exhilarated," she said. "It was the biggest thrill I've ever had. It's the best, naughtiest secret I can think of."
"I was almost sorry I did it," I said. "But I was so turned on in the moment."
"Don't be sorry," she said. "I loved it. It was such an adrenaline shot. It was like cocaine in another form."
"I thought you didn't want to fuck other guys," I said.
"I don't," she said. "This wasn't about fucking another guy. This was for you. This was work. I got paid." She smiled her TV smile.
"Do you want to do it again?" I asked.
"I don't see how I could," she said. "But it was fun this once."
"I love you," I said, and I really meant it.
"I love you, too," she said. "So how are we going to top this the rest of the day?"
"For once, I'm really not sure," I said, and we laughed.
We took the limo back to the Bellagio. I couldn't keep my hands off Kat as we rode. I wanted to dominate her. Show her who owned her. And, as I thought about why, I realized I viewed this as a test. Did she really want to marry James? Or if I made enough grand gestures, pushed enough correct buttons, maybe she would pick me? The thought gave me chills because it led to the question of, did I want her to pick me? And why?
"Baby, I don't know if I've ever seen you so horny," she said as I pawed at her dress and kissed her neck. "You like it when I'm daddy's whore?"
I growled in response.
"Why don't you use me like your personal whore the rest of the day then?" she continued. "Get me coked up and use me however you think your whore should be used."
She straddled my thighs and threw her hair around her shoulders with a flick of her neck. Her eyes were playful. My hands pushed underneath her dress. The familiar skin so soft, yet her body firm and in wedding dress shape. Her nipples were hard between my fingers. A flush of red crept up her neckline. She was as turned on as I was.
The walk back to the villa was interminable. We kept stopping to make out. I'd push Kat against the walls of the hall and manhandle her. I hadn't felt this level of desire in years. When we finally walked inside our room, I pushed Kat to her knees and demanded she suck me. She greedily took off my pants and complied, looking up at me and maintaining eye contact as she gave me a wet, intense blow job that focused on long strokes up and down my shaft.
I threw my head back and grabbed her hair. "You are the best cocksucking slut," I told her. She didn't stop her ministrations. She only grunted. She was trying to get me off as fast as she could. I wouldn't let her.
"Not so fast," I said. "My whore needs to be a coke whore."
"Yes daddy," she said, standing up and stripping off her sundress. "I need it. The more coke I do, the more I can fuck you. I'll always be your coke whore."
We were closing in on the end of the stash, but there was plenty to get us through the rest of the day and night. I helped myself to a couple lines but didn't cut any for Kat. She gave me a pouty look for leaving her out, but I had other ideas.
"Bend over, Kitty Kat," I said. "You need a booty bump because I am going to fuck your slutty little ass like you deserve."
"Oh god, yes, please," she said and bent over, a mixture of her pussy juice and my cum stringing between the gap in her thighs. I wasn't sure if I'd ever seen her so wet. We had lost the medicine plunger, so I carefully scooped a large line's worth of coke into a straw. She spread her cheeks wide for me. There was something so kinky and debauched about just blowing a line of coke up her asshole. I loved it.
"Fuck, baby, yes!" Kat groaned when I had dosed her. "There is no better feeling than that. Holy shit. Baby, I'm so fucking high. Just use me. Use me however you want. You're such a dirty fucker, blowing cocaine up my asshole. I know what you're going to do next."
"Oh," I said, "and what is that?" I gave her a firm spank on one beautiful ass cheek.
"You're going to fuck my ass," she said. "You're going to fuck it hard and make sure I know who I belong to."
I bent her over the bar counter, which was the perfect height to access her ass, and rubbed my cock up and down her slippery cunt.
"You know me so well, baby," I said. "But you left out one thing. After I'm done fucking your ass? I'm going to plug you so you keep all my cum inside you while we're at dinner and partying tonight."
She let out a deep groan.
"Please, daddy," she begged. "Please let me carry your cum inside my ass all night long."
I felt powerful, the cocaine heightening that impression, and also wanted to ignore the rush of emotions about Kat that had flooded my mind. Normally I entered her ass carefully, first inserting the tip of my cock, then easing the full length of my shaft inside her bowels. But knowing she was numb from the booty bump and wanting to capitalize on the dominance I had asserted, I drove my cock into her ass in one fast stroke. Kat braced herself on the bar counter with her arms and pushed back against me.
"Jesus, I feel so full," she panted.
There was no other way to describe it, I reamed Kat's ass. I kept a tight grip on her hips and used the counter as leverage to drive deeply into her at a relentless pace. I don't know if anal sex had ever felt so good to me. Her ass clenched me tightly but also easily allowed me to pump in and out. I wrapped her hair around my hand and tugged. My other hand spanked her ass, which was easy to do since I had her pinned against the counter and controlled her lower half's movements with my hips. This was a savage anal fuck, and it was what we both needed. It wasn't long before Kat came. It was a deep, rapturous anal orgasm. I'd never heard her scream so loud, and it was followed by a torrent of dirty talk.
"You fucking animal!" she screamed. "What are you doing to me? You own my ass. I'll do anything. Anything. I'll whore myself out every day just don't ever stop fucking my ass!"
I bent over closer to her, slowing my pace a bit now that she had climaxed. I wanted to luxuriate in the friction, which would build my own orgasm more powerfully.
"Be careful what you wish for, slut," I said to her. "I might just whore you out full time."
Kat played along with my dirty talk. "Would you reclaim me after every appointment?" she said. "And cover me in the cash I made selling my body for you? Money makes me so fucking horny."
"You know, a lot of hookers charge more if they do anal," I said.
"They do?" she said. "I'd definitely want to do that then." She turned her head and bit her lip for me. "Is that bad? Being an anal whore, too?"
"Well, you did fuck for coke all the time in LA," I said, my breath labored. "I don't know which is worse."
"You're right," she said. "Coke whore. Anal whore. It's all the same. I'm just such a whore."
"It's why we're made for each other," I said, and in the moment I genuinely believed it.
I fucked her ass for another ten minutes, and finally the cum began to boil in my balls. I couldn't hold it back any longer.
"Oh, daddy! I feel it!" Kat cried when I cum inside her. "Yes! Give me that cum!" As soon as I had finished, she bent over the counter as far as she could. "Go get a butt plug, daddy. Don't let any of it leak out."
I quickly found and inserted the blue-jeweled princess plug, which would match her dress that evening.
"There," I said. "Airtight."
"You make me feel so dirty and used," she said. "I love it."
We kissed, and Kat immediately turned her attention to cutting some lines of coke.
"I really want to get fucked up today," she said before she snorted a couple.
"I like you fucked up," I said and joined her by inhaling two myself.
We kissed, and Kat laughed. "Jesus, John, there is so much cum in my ass," she said. "I feel like I have a swimming pool in there."
"Speaking of swimming, want to have a drink and go for one?" I asked.
We spent a couple hours relaxing and getting cleaned up for dinner. We drank. We did bumps. We made out constantly. We had a fantastic dinner at Spago and played craps for a while. I asked Kat if she wanted to hit a nightclub again, but she begged off.
She put her arms around me and kissed me. "No," she said. "I want to go back to the villa and let you make love to me. We're not going to have a block of time like this together for a while."
So we did. And it was, to put it in a cliche, magical. It wasn't the raw anal session from earlier. It was tender. It was sweet. But it was still nasty. Because Kat tapped into a new fantasy that drove us both to insane heights of pleasure.
We were in the bed, and I was on top and inside her. We moved in tandem, like a sexual wave. It was deeply intimate and slow-paced, and we talked copiously because we were still riding a great cocaine high. We touched on what our affair might look like after her wedding. I wondered how our meetings would work now that she would be living with James, although that concern was mitigated to some extent that her work was so close to me.
"Have you guys talked about having kids?" I said, slowly sliding my full length out of her and back in.
"Of course," Kat said.
"Soon?" I asked.
"Within a year or two probably," she said, keeping her lips close to mine. Something in her eyes changed when she answered. "Are you wondering what happens to us when James and I start trying? When I'm not on the pill anymore?"
"I honestly hadn't thought about it," I said.
"You're such a dirty boy," she said in a low, sultry voice, "I bet you wouldn't want to change anything. You'd want to just put all your cum in my unprotected pussy."
"Jesus, Kitty Kat," I breathed, "that is so fucking hot."
"You'd make me tell you when my fertile days were," she continued, "so you could make sure to save up an extra large load to put inside me."
"I would," I said. "I'd save it for you. I'd want every sperm to flood you."
"You think you could make me pregnant sooner than James could?" she continued, hitting a level of raunch that struck desires in me I never knew existed. "You're so naughty you'd put your baby inside this cheating slut, wouldn't you?"
"Baby," I said. She interrupted me.
"I know you would," she said. "You'd make that our naughtiest secret."
I lost it. I couldn't control myself and came inside her. It was completely involuntary. Kat had taken me there. I bucked and unloaded in her pussy.
"That's a good boy," she said softly. "Give me that cum. Maybe I stopped the pill already and just didn't tell you. You'd love that, I bet."
"You're going to make me hard again," I said.
"Good," she said. "You haven't made me cum, and thinking about this has me on fire. Take out the plug. I want to see how much cum you've filled my holes with."
I obliged, and an obscene amount of cum leaked out of her ass and pussy. Kat instructed me to lie down and proceeded to ride me for the better part of an hour, almost exclusively ratcheting up her dirty talk about her breeding fantasy. She came a half dozen times until I shot one more load in her, and we were spent.
We had closed out Vegas on an incredibly high, intimate, and dangerous note. As we left Sin City, I couldn't help but think everything was going to change again.