To my surprise, I didn't run in the beach house. I watched as the man with the camera packed up his things and left while I disconnected my high definition webcam, closed my laptop and removed my nipple clamps. The camera man looked familiar but I couldn't place him. As he left, I packed my toys back in the basket and wrapped my beach towel around my waist. For some reason I wasn't panic stricken, I was pissed and had to figure a way to get Randall once and for all.
I took my basket of toys and my lingerie to my master suite and as I was bringing my laptop inside, Reggie returned. I fixed myself vodka and drank it as I thought about the latest development in my apparent battle with Randall. The more I thought about it, the angrier I got and soon it began to show.
"What's wrong with you?" Reggie asked while he was putting the groceries away.
"I will explain after my shower, Honey." I answered, smiling as sweetly as I could as I took my glass of vodka and headed for the shower.
When I returned downstairs wearing nothing but my silk robe, Reggie had put everything away and had dinner on the table. He pulled out my chair and seated me with a kiss on my cheek.
"Would you like another vodka with your Bar-B-Q?" Reggie asked before he sat down.
I responded short but sweet, "Yes, please."
As Reggie fixed my drink, he said, "Ok, Joanie, I have given you enough time to brood over whatever is bothering you. It's time to spill the beans. What is it that has you so upset? You were in a very good mood this afternoon before I left and now you are obviously pissed about something. Give it up, Babe."
He gently massaged my shoulders as he spoke to me and I found it oddly reassuring. For some reason, I trusted this man that I hardly knew.
As we ate dinner together, I told Reggie all about Randall and what had happened to me while he was gone. I had nothing more to lose so I explained what I did for sexual pleasure. Throughout my whole monologue, Reggie never asked a single question and never once seemed the least bit surprised. This struck me as odd, but not odd enough to make me ask him about it. I did ask that he not share that with Lance since Lance was one of my online sexual conquests. Reggie agreed not to mention anything to Lance.
"Now that you know all about me, I have some questions for you." I said, looking him in the eye.
"Well by all means, ask me anything. I will tell you what I can." Reggie answered, smiling before taking a drink.
"What is that supposed to mean?" I asked, warily. "I don't want any more secrets between us, Reggie. It's getting old." I said.
"Relax, Babe. It just means that there are things from my past that I cannot, under any circumstances tell you about. It's a matter of national security." Reggie said.
"It's national security? Seriously, Reggie, is that the best you could do? Fuck you, Reggie. Get out!" I exclaimed angrily and began to slide my chair back from the table.
"Sit down!" Reggie exclaimed back in an extremely menacing manner. "Please, Joanie. Sit down and hear me out. It's the truth, I swear." he continued gently.
I sat back down immediately. I had never heard that tone of voice from anyone and it left no doubt in my mind that obedience was the only option.
"It started soon after the beginning of my military career. I was in the Marines in a top secret Recon Unit. One night my unit walked into an ambush and all but two of us were killed. The other survivor was seriously injured and couldn't be moved. I hid him as best I could and then went to work taking out the bastards that had attacked us. It took me all night but I ended up killing seven men that night. When I got back to my buddy, I discovered he'd died sometime during the night. When I covered him back up, after taking his weapons and tags, a voice behind me said I'd done good work. I quickly turned and had my gun raised but there was no one there. I figured it was my mind playing tricks on me so I went back to hiding my buddy. Then the voice spoke again and I froze. It asked why I was bothering to cover the body because by the time the next patrol came though, the animals would have taken care of the remains of both units. By the time the voice was done speaking, I had its location figured out and I turned again and looked up. In the tree, I could just barely make out the outline of the camouflage suit the guy was wearing. I also spotted the rifle he had pointed at me. He asked how much time I had left in the service. I asked who he was. He told me he was someone who could use a guy like me in his unit. I asked what they did. He told me they did the same thing I had just done, take out enemy units. I told him I had a year left. He said he'd be in touch then he looked over my shoulder. I turned my head and looked and then realized what he'd done. I knew even before I looked back up that he was gone." Reggie said, almost nonstop. He finished his drink and got up to make another one, taking my now empty glass and refilling it too. He didn't speak again until he returned to the table, with drinks in hand.
"The next year, two weeks before I was due to get out, I got orders to go to Washington, D.C. While I was there, I was at a quiet piano bar one night and I heard a familiar voice behind me. I looked at him and he smiled and said hi. I knew it was the guy from the jungle. He sat down across from me and we talked about a lot of things. I realized it was late and said I had to go because I had an appointment in the morning. He just smiled and said that appointment had been rescheduled. I asked him how he knew that and he told me that my appointment had been with him and it was officially over. When I asked what he was talking about, he just smiled and gave me a business card with a date and time on the back of it. He told me to finish my time in the Marines, take a vacation afterward, and then report to the location on the card at the appointed date and time because he had a job for me if I wanted it." Reggie said with glazed over eyes, as though reliving it as he was telling it.
I had been trying to figure out where exactly he was going with all of this when it suddenly hit me, and I understood.
"Reggie, I have to ask. How old are you?" I asked as I did the math and realized my first guess of his age was significantly off.
Reggie looked at me and smiled. "The voice doesn't match the life, does it? I get that a lot. Well if you must know, I am 34 years old." he explained.
"Wow. Boy did I have you figured all wrong." I said, laughing along with him. "So what did Lance hire you to do?" I asked.
"Well aren't you a Miss Smartypants?" Reggie answered, smiling in such a way that I couldn't even control it, my pussy just got wet. "Like I said before, I can't tell you details. We did a lot of the things I did for Marine Recon, only off the books and a hell of a lot more dangerous. Lance isn't a nice man, Joanie. You are going to end up hurt, and it may not be just on an emotional level." Reggie answered, scaring me for the second time of the evening.
"What is that supposed to mean, Reggie?" I asked.
"You are just going to have to trust me, Joanie. I have known Lance for 11 years now and I know what he is capable of. I like you, a lot. In spite of what you may think of my motivations, I do care about your safety and I will do everything in my power to keep you safe from harm, from anyone. You have to believe that." Reggie said gently as he reached across the table and took my hand in his. "Do you trust me?" he asked.
I thought about that for a bit. Looking at him in earnest and watching his eyes. He didn't look away, not even for a moment. I decided there was indeed something very reassuring and trustworthy about him. He had spilled his guts to me about a very difficult time in his life. I realized that the more time I spent with him, the more I liked him, maybe even more than Lance. "Jeez, what a mess!" I thought before answering.
"Oddly enough, yes I do trust you. I'm not sure why. I mean two days ago I didn't know you existed and here we are tonight, sitting at this table, telling each other our deep, dark secrets. For some strange reason, that doesn't bother me." I said, ending with a smile.
"Good. Like I said earlier, I like you a lot and even though I was initially tasked with protecting and watching over you by Lance, it is something I would gladly do on my own. He told me to keep you safe. What he didn't realize is that I am going to keep you safe from him as well. We'll have that conversation another time." He said, putting up a hand to stop me when I opened my mouth to ask what he meant. He continued, "First, we have this business of Randall. He is not the kind of guy that will stop at ruining your career. Trust me, I know the type. He won't stop leave you alone until he has destroyed you completely on a personal level as well."
He got up from the table and made us each another drink. After delivering mine to me at the table, he kept his with him as he paced back and forth, deep in thought. I let him pace for a few minutes then slowly stood up and tugged at the belt on my robe, letting it fall open. I stepped up behind him and put my hands on his shoulders, stopping his pacing. I leaned against him.
"A pussy for your thoughts?" I said, smiling as I pressed my breasts against his back and my face between is shoulders. He chuckled and reached back between us, cupping my pussy and easily sliding a finger between my lips and into my vagina. He wiggled his finger, causing me to gasp.
"Oh don't worry about that, Darling. I am going to have your pussy tonight, and you are definitely going to have my cock. I promise you that I will make it worth the wait, but first we have business to attend to." Reggie said as he stepped away from me. "Mmm, you are so delicious." he said seductively as he turned toward me and licked my juices from the finger he'd had inside me a moment before.
I just sighed and went back to my chair and sat back down, leaving my robe open so that every time he looked my way, he saw me playing with one of my nipples.
"Joanie, you are killing me." Reggie said as he glanced my way, smiling. Is there anyone you trust completely at work?" he asked.
Confused by the question, I responded, "Yes, my assistant Bailey. She is not only my assistant; she is my best friend from college and lives with me in Houston since she is going through a divorce."
Reggie said quickly, "Get her out of there on the next flight. Bring her here and keep her here until I say she is safe to go back. Randall is a danger to you and anyone close to you."
"Why?" I asked.
Reggie said, "This obvious blackmail plot is just the first of many steps a guy like Randall will take to ruin your life. Do not ask questions, just do as I say from this point forward and I will keep you both safe from Randall and anything he has up his sleeve. Can you do that for me?"
"Yes, Reggie. I am yours to command in matters concerning Randall." I answered.
Reggie said, "Good. Now go to the master suite and call Bailey on your home phone, not her cell, and tell her you need her out here on the next flight due to issues at the office. I will clear the table and make a phone call of my own. I will have more questions for you when you return."
I did exactly as Reggie said and headed upstairs to the master suite. I wasn't sure what Reggie was going to do to Randall nor did I care. Reggie just made it clear to me that Randall would not cause me any more trouble and that was good enough for me. I'd had enough games from Randall, and Lance for that matter. It seemed like the perfect time to take out some trash. I called my home in Houston and Bailey answered the phone on the second ring.
"Hi, Joanie. I was just thinking of you while I was masturbating and was getting ready to call you, but now that I have you on the phone, why don't you tell me how much you like putting your tongue in my pussy?" Bailey said to the sound of a vibrator in the background.
"Mmm, that is soo tempting. But right now I need you to pull that vibrator out of your pussy or ass or wherever it is and listen to me very carefully. I'll make it up to you very soon, I promise." I said seductively.
"Oh, alright. Hey, I heard from my connections that your transfer to Wilmington went through and that your signed transfer documents will be in your email tomorrow and copied to me." Bailey said as she turned off the vibrator.
"That sounds great Bailey, but I need some help out here and you are too far away. I can't begin to think of using the secretary here as my assistant. She is about as dumb as a box of rocks and does good to answer the phones and get the calls transferred to the right people. I need you to get on the next flight out here and I mean the very next one. Make your reservations now and start packing." I said.
Bailey was shocked and stammered, "What's the rush?"
"Honey, I can't get this office operational in time and under budget without you. Time is running short and I need you here on the ground with me." I said, almost whining.
Bailey perked right up, "I will hang up and get started with the reservations and packing."
"Thank you, Honey. Call me as soon as you have everything set so I will know what time to pick you up at the airport. Maybe I'll even have a surprise for you when you get here." I said.
"Ooo, I love your surprises! I will call you in a little bit with the details." Bailey exclaimed, giggling.
I hung up the phone and headed back downstairs.
Reggie had candles lit and soft music playing in the background. I laughed to myself at his attempt at romancing me. I planned on fucking him in a little while anyway and hopefully in the throes of passion and spending the night with me, he would open up and give me more information about Lance.
"Wow, look at this spread! Are you trying to seduce me, Romeo?" I asked, smiling as I leaned against the doorway. He motioned for me to join him on the couch. Letting my robe fly open a bit as I took a seat next to him and ran my hand up his leg towards his cock, he stopped me.
"We'll get to that in due time, Babe. First, I need more information about Randall. Now tell me everything you can about him and his daily routine." Reggie said. "I need to know where your office is in Houston, what the name of the company is, the office phone number, and anything you can tell me about Randall's routine."
Shocked by his requests I simply stated, "The Company is the same one you tried to follow me to today. Were you not successful in that?" I asked, smiling smugly because I knew full well he hadn't been able to do so.
Reggie looked at me with a stone cold face and said, "What are you talking about? It wasn't me following you this morning. That is the danger I have been talking about. You need to pay attention to me and take this seriously, Joanie."
"What do you know that you are not telling me Reggie?" I asked.
His voice grew deeper and stronger, "Joanie, Lance gets bored with women very quickly and quite often they just vanish when he is through with them."
"What do you mean, they vanish? Vanish, as in, without a trace?" I asked, getting scared again.
"Yes. They just vanish, abruptly with no trace, no reason. I've never had anything to do with it, but I am telling you, the people that he uses are very good at what they do. You need to be careful and you might want to put a hold on your internet activities for a while until we get the situation with Randall squared away." he answered.
"Ok, Reggie. Now what do you need to know about Randall?" I asked, snuggling against him and trailing my fingers back and forth along his thigh, getting closer and closer to his crotch.
"I want to know everything you can tell me. What kind of car does he drive? Where does he live? Does he love his wife? Is he having an affair? Where is the office in Houston? What is the number for the main switchboard there? I want to know whatever you can tell me." Reggie explained as he began some teasing of his own. He draped his arm around me and began caressing my breast and playing with my nipple as I answered all his questions and massaged his cock through his jeans.
Strangely, he took no notes. When I was finished talking, he simply asked, "Now was that so difficult?" as he flicked my nipple one last time.
I got up from the couch and I fixed us both a drink. "Are we finally done with this briefing?" I asked as I handed him his drink.
He laughed and answered, "Yeah, the briefing is over." His eyes grew visibly hungry as he sat there on the couch, looking at me standing in front of him with my robe open and my tits and now very wet pussy on display.
"That's good, because I really need you to help me with this." I said as I took his hand and placed it between my spread legs, on my pussy. I sighed as he slipped his fingers inside my pussy and began to gently stroke my G-spot.
"I think I can help you out with that. You see, I am very good with wet pussy based problems." Reggie said as he reached over and put his drink on the end table without losing contact with me. He withdrew his fingers and placed a hand on each of my hips and pulled my pussy to his face. I allowed him to suck and nibble on my wet lips for a few moments before I pushed him away.
"Let's finish this upstairs, in the master bedroom." I said as I stepped back and turned toward the stairs. I slid my robe off and dropped it as he climbed the stairs behind me.
I turned to him as I reached the top step. He had my silk robe in his hand and when he reached the top step, he lifted me off my feet and carried me to the master suite. He laid me on the bed and threw my robe across the chair in the corner. I began to play with my nipples as he undressed.
"Open the balcony door, Reggie, and let the ocean breeze in." I said.
Naked, he walked to the balcony and opened the door. His body was just as I had remembered. I admired it as it glistened in the moonlight.
"Come to me Reggie and lick my hard nipples." I begged with my arms out toward him.
He joined me in the bed but paid no attention to my nipples, his hand went straight to my wet pussy, fingering it while kissing me ever so softly on my face and lips. As his fingers went deeper inside me, he whispered in my ear, "I will keep you safe Joanie." This not only sparked my curiosity further but was a huge turn on. I gushed as he hit my g-spot and came all over his hand. He pulled his fingers out and placed them in my mouth.
I licked them clean one by one, sucking them until he took them away from me. I whimpered softly and then got on my knees so I could take his hard cock in my mouth.
Once my luscious lips formed a seal around his cock; he relaxed on the bed on his back. He didn't hold back. He grabbed my hair as I grabbed his balls and he pulled my hair gently as I sucked his cock from the head to his balls faster and faster knowing he would explode in my mouth if I didn't stop soon.
I stopped sucking his cock long enough to mount him. I slid my wet pussy up and down his cock slowly, squeezing his cock with my pussy on every stroke. I massaged his cock as he massaged my tits and rolled my nipples in his fingers. I was rapidly getting lost in the sensation.
"Oh my god, Joanie, you are killing me. I have to cum! Please make me cum!" he groaned.
I put my hands on his chest and squeezed his muscles, sinking my nails in. "Tell me why you think Randall is so dangerous and tell me more about Lance, and then I will let you cum." I growled through clenched teeth as I tried to ignore the orgasm building inside.
He grabbed my hips with force and growled back, "You will come with me Joanie! I have longed to be inside you again, to feel you, to fuck you! Now Joanie Now!" Reggie moved me up and down his cock faster, deeper and harder. He made me forget my demand momentarily while we came together with his strong forceful control that he had taken over me. I stayed on top of him trembling from the climax as our fluids joined and ran down his balls and dripped onto the sheets.
I rolled onto the bed next to him knowing that the young ones can't last long but they will recover to go again and smiled as I asked him again.
"What do you mean about Randall and Lance both being dangerous men? I need to know what I am getting myself into and who I am letting get into me." I said.
Reggie said breathlessly "Go to sleep, my sweet Joanie. I have a plane to catch early in the morning."
"You have a plane to catch? I thought you were supposed to keep a close watch on me until Lance arrived?" Just as quickly as those words fell out of my mouth, my phone rang. It was Bailey.
"Hi Bailey, are you all set?" I asked.
"Yes Joanie, I leave here at 5am and get in at 11am. Do you want me to take a taxi or will you pick me up at the airport?" she asked excitedly.
"I will pick you up at 11am Bailey and I will get you caught up on things at the office. Get some sleep. I can't wait to see you." I told her.
"I'm going to bed right now, naked with a wet pussy and I'm sleeping in your bed. I can't wait to see you tomorrow. I can't wait to see all of you. Good night Joanie." she purred, leaving me horny again as I envisioned her pussy beneath my face tomorrow afternoon before my date with Cory. I hung up the phone and turned to Reggie.
"Look Mister, I have given you all the details of my life, my assistant and best friend will be here tomorrow. I need to know what is going on." I said, poking Reggie in the side.
Reggie replied sleepily and patiently without opening his eyes, "As for my plans for Randall, the less you know the better. Now please, leave it at that. You will know everything soon enough."
"Oh, alright. Fair enough. But Reggie, what about Lance? He will be here the day after tomorrow. You won't be here tomorrow. What the hell do I need to know?" I asked.
"Joanie, all you need to know is that I have your back." Reggie answered before rolling onto his side and pulling me toward him.
As I gave in and snuggled up to him, I thought of Cory spending the night tomorrow night. Bailey and I can do a threesome with him, that's not a big deal, but is he in danger? Should I tell Reggie that Cory is sleeping over tomorrow? The more I thought of this the more I had to ask one more question as I rubbed my hands on his muscular chest feeling his powerful young body.
"Reggie, I have a date tomorrow night with a gentleman. We are meeting at the pier. He doesn't have my cell number, only my email and Skype information. Should I cancel the date?" I asked.
Reggie sleepily replied, "Cory is of no danger to you. You will be safe with him."
I reached in my nightstand and grabbed a cigarette. Once I had it lit, I yelled at him "Wait just a damned minute! I never mentioned his name. How do you know about Cory?"
"It's my job to know everything about you Joanie. Now go to sleep." he replied, with the beginnings of a smirk on his face. I was furious!
"No! You need to explain yourself. How the fuck do you know about Cory?" I demanded as I rolled Reggie onto his back and straddled his hips, wrapping my feet under him.
"Take it easy, Joanie." Reggie said calmly, before very quickly reversing our positions.
Before I knew it, I was on my back, with him between my legs. He had my arms pinned above my head and his face was very close to mine. He said words that shocked me to my core.
"Cory is my brother." he said, smiling.