This is a continuation of my earlier story, An Unseen Audience, so in order to enjoy this one better, I suggest you guys read that first.
*******
Hi, my name is Neha and I am 22 yrs old. I stay with my parents in Bangalore. I don't have any brother or sister. We have moved very recently to this place. I have just finished my college and looking for a job now.
I am about 5'4'' height and have absolutely fair looks. With figure of 36-24-34 and bra size 32D, I am a head turner. Wherever I go, I have always seen boys staring right at me with most of the eyes stuck on my breasts. The days when I wear a sleeveless is the one when I get the most stares partly because the bust looks better and bigger and mostly because my bra and body is visible through the arms. People have often tried to look inside my dress to have a look at my bra covered breasts.
I have had some relations in the past but none of them lasted long mainly due to the fact that I never went ahead of the kissing phase. I had strictly said no to sex and even denied them when they asked me to give a blowjob or handjob. I have never allowed anyone to fondle my breasts which I know almost everyone wants to do.
Recently I have been quite horny and I guess it's the age and the body demands that are taking over my senses. Since both of my parents work from Monday-Saturday, I have the entire house to myself and can quite enjoy myself whenever and wherever I feel like.
Even though I have still controlled myself from getting engaged in sex, I do masturbate sometimes in my room or on the sofa. Sometimes I just want to catch hold of a boy and have sex with him but on other times I feel that I should restrict myself from doing all this before marriage.
-
It was a Saturday and I was alone in the house. I was watching a movie in my room when I felt the need to go to the bathroom. When I was back and was walking across the room to get to the TV, I saw some movement in the room of the house across the street. I stopped to see what it was and I saw a guy sitting there.
He was about 23-24 yrs old and about 5'8'' height. He was not skinny but not fat either. He looked quite handsome and I wondered if I could get a guy like him. I stood there day dreaming and hardly noticed what he was doing out there.
By the time I came to senses, his shirt was off and he was sitting topless doing something on this laptop. I think I then saw him stroke his crotch over his pants and I realized that he was probably watching porn on his laptop. I immediately hid behind the curtains lest he spots me watching him.
I think he then got over excited watching porn for his hands suddenly went into his pants. He unbuttoned them and slowly slid them off. He sat there only in his white boxers with his pants down his ankles. Seeing a guy in only in his boxers was a scene I had seen many times in porn movies, but to see it live with my own eyes is something which I had never thought of. A part of me wanted to leave since this is the thing I was running away from but another part of me which realized what would happen in sometime wanted to stay.
He was still not naked but was stroking his dick over his boxers. I could clearly see his hardness over the boxers and I think I wanted him to just take it off and show it to me. Then his hand went inside his boxers and I think he firmly held his dick in his hand and was playing with it.
With every moment passing, temperature was rising in my room and I guess I was getting equally excited if not more watching him play with himself.
And then it happened for which I stood what it seemed like an eternity. He took out his hand, held the lining of his boxers and slowly off went the boxers down his legs. He threw his pants and boxers on the side of the bed and he laid down there with his dick now out in open.
It was first time I had seen a dick and I was simply transfixed by the sight of it. Although it was not huge by any standards, it was quite thick and hard. And when you see such a sight for first time, size actually doesn't matter.
After sometime I thought he was on verge of cumming and I was eagerly waiting for him to do so. At the same precise moment my house's doorbell rang and I had to go to see who it was. When I was walking back towards my room, I was disappointed with the thought that I had missed one of the most wonderful moment. But when I reached there, I saw that he was still on his back playing with his dick. What a stamina the guy has!
After few minutes he was about to come when he stood up, quickly got clothed and went out of his room. I think someone had come and he went to check. After sometime he came back in his room, shut off his laptop and went away. I was sad since I couldn't see him cum.
-
It was Wednesday and I was in my room in front of the dressing table brushing my hair. Although I was dressing up, I was lost in the thoughts of the guy next door. It had been the same story for last 5 days. I had been dying to see him, rather his dick once again. I was always thinking when I would get another opportunity.
After sometime with nothing else to do, I thought to watch something on TV to divert my mind off him. Just as I turned around, I saw he was sitting on his chair with his laptop on and his hands were sliding his boxers down to his ankles.
I was very happy when I got to see his dick again and I stood there watching him totally forgetting to hide. Suddenly he looked over to my room and I quick hid behind the curtains. I don't know whether he saw me or not, but I decided to stay back for some time before checking out on him.
I wondered whether he would still be there or not and I cursed myself for being so foolish. I just might have wasted this opportunity. I then slowly poked my head out and saw that he was still lying on his back with his dick upright and he was gently stroking it. I got super horny seeing him again play with his dick. I could feel myself getting wet and wanted to just go out there and take his dick in my hands.
I don't know when my hands went down and pulled the tracks off. Then my hands slowly went inside my panties and in no time I was fingering myself watching him play with his dick. I was getting super excited and I think he was also now feeling the pressure. I knew he wouldn't last long and I hoped no one this time should disturb me or him.
He was now totally feeling the pressure and I knew he would cum anytime. Suddenly his body contracted and his dick went tight, and the next moment he came. And boy did he cum! His dick shot right into the air and huge quantity of cum went flying out and landed back squarely on this chest and stomach.
He laid still but a few more spurts came out of this dick covering it and his crotch area with his cum. It was such a wonderful sight that I was absolutely amazed.
This was first time I had seen someone cum and I thought it couldn't have been better than this. I then went back to my bed and kept fingering myself thinking of this dick and cum, till the time I squirted.
-
The next evening I went to the nearby grocery store to get some stuff for my mother. As I was about to walk into the store, I saw him coming out. I stopped and thought of turning back but before I knew it, he was right there in front of me looking right at me.
Most of the boys I have met stare shamelessly at my breasts, but this guy kept looking into my eyes. And I thought did he see me looking at him yesterday? Has he recognized me? I don't know. Maybe yes. Maybe no.
I introduced myself to him and told him that I live right across the street but I guess he was not listening to me. Gosh, what was he thinking! Then I shook him up and asked him to move aside so that I can go inside the store. He moved and I went in and he went back home.
-
At night, I stripped myself naked and wore my favorite black nighty. It was not a see-through but had a cut at the sides through which my legs can be seen. I was strolling in the room reading novel when I felt thirsty and went out of the room to have some water.
When I was back, I saw that he was in his room, not nude but bottomless with his pants and boxers around his knees. It was not a frontal view but I could see his ass clearly. This was first time I was watching his ass cheeks and this was an exciting sight as well. I think he was vigorously shaking his dick facing the other side. Sometimes when he moved I could see his dick but it was not a clear view.
Was he reliving himself thinking of me? Even though he didn't quite stare at my breasts, he did have an initial look at them and I have rarely seen a guy who has not liked my breasts or my figure.
Although I know many of my friends have masturbated thinking of me in their fantasies (some of my boy friends have even claimed to have cum on my pictures), I had never thought I would experience it first-hand.
I was feeling very horny on the very thought that the guy on the other side was thinking about me and stroking his dick at the same time. Few moments later he came. I didn't see him shoot his load, but I could see it dripping down onto the floor.
I guess I was a bit wet but controlled myself and went back to bed. I don't know for how long I was awake re-living those moments in my head. I think I really wanted to have a go at his dick.
-
The next day I kept thinking about him and then decided why not to get involved in the game and raise the stakes higher. I had now seen him thrice in span of one week and I guess it was now my turn. The thought made me go weak in my knees but I was firm on my decision. This Saturday I would put on a show for him that he won't be forgetting soon.
To give him a hint of what was coming his way; at night I again wore the black nighty with nothing inside and waited for him to come in. Once he was in and well settled, I intentionally dropped a glass. I knew his attention would be caught and I was right.
He was looking right at me and then I bent down to pick up the glass. The nighty as I knew stretched back a bit and through the cut, he could look at my bare legs and thighs right up to my lower back. I knew he would get excited and will be back for more.
-
The very next day, curtains were up in his room and I knew he had taken the bait. So he also wanted to see me without getting caught. Poor guy didn't know I was setting him up for a big show. I wore the maximum number of clothes to give him an elongated strip tease which would make him cum in his pants.
I was strolling in my room waiting for him to come. I was quite nervous since this was my first attempt at such a daring act. At first I thought to abandon this, but then I put myself together and said to myself that I can do this.
After 15-20 mins he entered the room. I didn't know whether he had come to get naked or not but I thought to get into my act. When I knew he was looking at my room, I slowly pulled down the chain of my jacket in order to catch his attention. I knew if he had seen this, he won't get diverted and would have no option but to watch on. And surely he did.
In no time I took off the jacket and placed it on the bed. I was now standing in a white shirt and a navy blue pant. I sat on my bed and opened up my pant button. Once it was opened, I sat down and started to take off my sandals. I took my time fully well knowing that he would be getting hard seeing me like this and his dick would be throbbing in his pants.
Then I stood up and slowly opened up the zip of the pants and began to take it off. I turned around and bent down taking my pants off my legs. I was wearing blue panties underneath, it was not a thong but it did very less to hide my ass. It showed more than it covered and I knew there was no turning back now.
While removing the pants completely off me, I turned in his direction and gave him a front view of my bare legs. I knew he was hiding behind those curtains with lust in his eyes and perhaps dick in his hand. I was now enjoying myself doing this and it was turning me on as much as it was turning him on.
I knew what he was waiting to see and so I proceeded to unbutton my shirt. I opened the top three buttons and then stopped myself. I wanted to tease him more and more and at the same time didn't want to show him everything now itself.
To add to the spice I bent down to pick up my pants and I knew my bra cladded breasts were on full display to him. He could have clearly seen my cleavage in this position and knew he could have very well shot now in his pants (or hands, depending where his dick is now ;))
I took my pants off the floor and went to my dressing table. I sat down there with my back towards him and slowly unbuttoned rest of the shirt. I opened up the shirt and threw my arms across holding it (but did not remove it) to show him that I have totally unbuttoned it. I then stopped and started taking off my ear-rings making him wait to see more of me.
After few intense moments, I slowly took off my shirt completely and threw in on the bed. I was now sitting in bra and panties with my back towards an unknown guy who was probably giving his dick a shake while watching me strip.
Slowly I then proceeded to unhook my bra strap and I was bare back in no time. Wanting to proceed to my next move, I slid the bra off my shoulders and dropped it on the floor.
To tease him more, I bent down pretending to pick up something off the floor. The position was such that my breasts were easily visible from the sides, but my nipples were not visible. I knew he would get super excited watching my naked breasts from a side view.
I then sat upright again and started to twitch my panties a bit. I gave it a thought and then took them off while sitting on the chair. I knew I would now be naked but I knew the risks I was taking. I didn't give him a complete view of my ass but surely gave a view of my ass crack line. I stayed in that position, sometimes bending to give him a better view of the crack line.
Deciding I was done for the day, I picked up the towel I had kept there, wrapped it across my body and went into the bathroom.
To be continued...