It's strange how a night that started out so normal, dinner and a movie with my lifelong best friend could go so far off the rails. But there I sat in a dark, fairly full, movie theatre, my hand up her skirt, playing with her pussy.
I was having trouble wrapping my mind around it, but there I was, getting my fingers wet.
The weirdness started at dinner, when I told Steph about the last time I'd been to that theatre and gave my, then boyfriend a hand job. She pouted and pondered as to why nothing exciting like that ever happened in her life. I called her out on it, a bit. Telling her that she needed to let go and be more adventurous which led to her taking my hand and "making" me play with her pussy, in public, with people all around us.
It did feel nice though. Granted, hers was the first one I'd ever touched, other than my own. Sliding my fingers over her lips, inside her and teasing her clit felt familiar, but different than touching mine.
Pretending to watch the movie, but really watching her reactions to the way I touched her, I figured out, by the way she bit her bottom lip that running my fingers from her clit down and dipping them inside her then sliding them back to her clit, was going to get her off. So I concentrated on doing that. Up, then down, then in, then up. Her breathing got deeper. Her body started to shake. I kicked off one of my flip flops and started running my toes up and down her calf.
That extra bit of skin contact sent her over the edge. She kept it under control but her body tensed then started shaking. She reached down, grasped my wrist and kept my fingers inside her. Her pussy clamped and released my fingers a few times as her body shuddered to a climax.
She let go of my wrist and I eased my fingers from her body. Bringing my hand up to my mouth, without thinking, I licked her juices from my fingers. My pussy clenched as I got my first taste of Steph.
I wanted more.
"We need to leave," Steph leaned over and whispered in my ear.
The movie was almost finished and I hadn't paid much attention to it anyway, so I was all for it. Getting up she grabbed my hand and practically dragged me from my seat.
As we left the auditorium, heading down the dark hall to the exit, I started to panic. What if she was freaked out by everything that happened? What if we'd ruined our friendship? What if....?
She silenced those thoughts by pulling me against her and giving me the softest, wettest, most fantastic kiss I'd ever received. Our tongues wrestled first in my mouth then in hers, her hands cupping my face, mine on her hips pulling her closer to me. My knees went weak and I actually felt a little dizzy when we pulled ourselves apart.
"Your place?" I asked hopefully.
"Of course," she laughed. "Yours is a mess."
She was right, of course. Stephs house was big, spacious, meticulously decorated and usually very clean. Mine on the other hand, was a one bedroom apartment, with 6 bicycles in the living room, parts and cycling kit strewn about in various degrees of clean to smelly.
"I'll meet you there."
She leaned down (she is five inches taller than my 5'4") and laid another amazing, panty wetting kiss on me.
Damn us for coming in separate cars, or maybe it was a good thing. It gave me a chance to cool off a bit. I had a bit of a hike to mine, so Steph had a pretty good head start on me.
The first thing I noticed as I pulled into her driveway was a trail of clothes from her car to her front door. There was her blouse, her bra, her skirt and finally her sandals. Knowing she was waiting nude inside was very enticing. Following her lead, I stripped down to my flip flops, picked up her clothes along the way and walked in.
Now I'd been naked around Steph thousands of times over the years. Skinny dipping as kids and adults for that matter, gym classes, spa days and changing in front of each other, but something changed. Walking in and seeing her standing nude in her kitchen, pouring glasses of wine, took my breath away.
Her tall and lean swimmers body, long brunette hair with deep brown eyes. Her smallish breasts, accented by the most sexy, tight invariably hard nipples. My eyes traveled down her body to her perfectly waxed vee-jay, her strong muscular legs and her gigantic (at least compared to my perfect size 7's) size 11 feet.
An ex boyfriend of mine once confessed that Steph was how he pictured Odins Valkyries. I couldn't say he was wrong.
Standing next to her at times, made me feel a little frumpy. I do have my good points, I'm 5'4" somewhere around 125 lbs, a lifetime, once competitive cyclist, so I have very strong and well defined legs. A flat tummy (not bad for a women in her early 30's if I do say so myself) an unruly mop of curly sandy blonde hair, frighteningly blue eyes and for you boob guys a very nice pair of B+ size boobs.
"Nice to see you can take a hint," she smiled, holding out a glass of wine. "I didn't want to be the only one naked."
I walked over and took it from her. We kissed again. A quick greeting peck on the lips, that felt warm and comforting, not at all like this was all uncharted territory between us.
"I'm afraid things are going to get weird between us," she said, breaking the silence. "I don't want that to happen."
"I just made you cum and we've made out in public, I'd say things between us are already weird," I answered. "But so far I love it."
"So what now?" Steph asked.
"Well if I was running this show, I'd say you need to kiss me, then invite me to your bedroom."
She set her wine glass on the counter and closed the gap between us. Reaching out she placed her hands on my cheeks. Our eyes met.
"I love you, Maddie," she told me.
Our lips met and we kissed. Slow and gentle at first, our nude bodies pressed against each other. Her lips were so soft, her tongue so gentle and her skin felt like silk against me. The kiss turned more urgent as our hands explored each others bodies. Her hands found their way to my breasts, delicately squeezing them, her thumbs pressing against my nipples.
I moaned as she went from rubbing my nipples to softly pinching them. I could tell she was afraid to hurt me.
"Harder," I pleaded, breaking our kiss.
My moans as she pinched a little harder made her brave until finally she was squeezing and pulling on them to that point of pain that I absolutely loved.
Steph started kissing down my neck, licking and lightly biting along the way. Each touch was making my pussy throb. I leaned back as her lips wrapped themselves around my nipple. Her wet tongue flicking over the tip. Her teeth gently biting and pulling on it. Then she did the same to the other one.
My clit was so hard it hurt. I wanted... No, needed to cum. I tried to press my pussy against her leg, but wanting my urgency to build, she wouldn't let me. I brought my own hand down to rub myself, but she stopped me.
"Tell me what you want," she purred in my ear.
"I want you to let me cum," I moaned.
Cupping my face again, she slowly ran her tongue over my lips before kissing me.
"Get up on the counter."
The cold tile sent a shiver through my overheated body as I laid back, my butt on the edge and legs obscenely spread.
She leaned down, her mouth tantalizingly close to my pussy.
"Is this what you want Maddie?" she asked, toying with me.
"Yes."
"You want me to lick your pussy?"
She ran her tongue lightly over my lips.
"Yes...Please."
I cried out as she pressed her tongue against me and did a slow ice cream cone lick. I moaned wantonly as she ran she gently ran it all around the hood. I screamed in pleasure as she wrapped her lips around my throbbing clit, licking and sucking on it.
"Don't stop," I pleaded, thrusting my hips.
She slid one finger, then two deep inside me.
That was all I needed.
With a moan that turned into a scream, waves of pleasure flowed through my body as I climaxed. I reached down and pulled her face into me, she kept licking, sucking and fingering me as my sweat coated body contorted.
An conflagration of emotions raced through my being at that moment.
My entire body was hyper sensitive as she kissed her way up my stomach, between my breasts until we were face to face.
"You're crying," she whispered, noting the tears streaming down my face.
"I love you Stephanie," I breathed back, kissing her.
"Want to continue this in the bedroom?"
I nodded.
I was the first one in the room. Steph came up behind me, pressed her body against mine and started kissing my neck. Her hands traveled down to my pussy, but I was still to sensitive and I stopped her. She slid them up my stomach and cupped my boobs.
"How's that?" she asked as she squeezed and pulled on my nipples.
"Wonderful," I told her.
I reached behind and gently rubbed her clit between my index and middle finger.
"Oh that feels good," she whispered in my ear. "You're going to make me cum again."
That wasn't how I wanted to get her off. She let out the cutest whimper when I pulled my hand then my body away from her.
"Lay down," I told her.
I positioned myself between her legs. As softly as I could, I ran my tongue up her inner thigh, stopping just short of her beautiful, bald little pussy. I spent a few minutes licking between her legs, everywhere but her pussy, teasing her. My tongue caused a very satisfying jolt in her body as I brushed it across her anus. I was about to do it some more when Steph, tired of my teasing, grabbed the sides of my head and planted my mouth directly on her pussy.
"Stop fucking around," she play growled.
Always one to take a hint, I lapped at her pussy a few times with the same flat tongued ice cream cone licks. She tasted so good. I moved the tip of my tongue to her clit and as softly as I could, licked the sides and top. As her moaning got more intense, I put more pressure on it. I could tell she was getting close.
"I'm cumming," she announced.
I kept doing exactly what I had been as she ground her pussy into my mouth and her body shook on the bed.
We laid down on the bed facing each other as we had hundreds of times before, but given what had transpired, it felt totally different and new.
She craned her neck forward and placed a gentle kiss on the tip of my nose. I, in turn did the same to her.
"I have to ask," she started in a timid voice. "What are we, to each other now?"