"Honesty is the key to a relationship; If you can fake that, you're in..."
One night me and Danny were sitting around having a few beers and chatting when we got a call that one of our friends was having issues at a bar on the outskirts of downtown. It was stupid drama really; something about his girlfriend's ex being there causing them problems, so we finished our drinks and loaded into the Navigator to make the journey down to Coyotes. We weren't anticipating having any problems getting in because we knew most the bar staff and bouncers--they were either friends of ours, or clients that were buying drugs off of us--so we were able to skip the line and walk right in after finding a familiar face at the door.
We hadn't been inside Coyotes for very long (just enough time to grab a beer) when we decided it would be more efficient to split up and find our buddy who'd called looking for help. As I made my way around the bar I didn't find anyone I recognized, so I decided to go talk to the DJ and take a look at the crowd from his platform overlooking the dance floor.
The DJ was a good friend of mine so I figured we could catch up as I took up the lookout position from his perch. As soon as I got to the booth this cute girl came up the stairs and started talking to me. This was definitely a welcome distraction, and with a simple glance you could tell that lots of thought went into this confident stranger's outfit. She was dressed to kill as she was wearing a short black skirt that nicely hugged the sexy curves of her tight ass, and it was paired with a hot pink baby tee that clung to her full breasts with earnest--plus the shirt offered just the right amount of displayed cleavage. You could see the tantalizing stranger's black lacy bra at the top of her perky tits, and it was obvious that she felt sexy--and was determined to let it show...
I made small talk with Kristin for a few minutes but I really didn't think much of our interaction--I kinda brushed her off as I tried to go find my friend so I could deal with the situation that we'd been called to help with; but she was very persistent. As I came down from the DJ booth the temptress tried to pull me out onto the dance floor, and when I declined she did a little twirl; just fast enough that her skirt came up and I could see her sexy lace thong that matched her bra perfectly--plus it didn't hurt anything she had an ass you could bounce quarters off! Before I had a chance to wipe the drool from my chin the flirty stranger pulled my head down to her level, then teased my ear with her tongue as she whispered "Don't you think I'm sexy, take me out on the dance floor!"
Ok, that was a stupid question! OF COURSE I thought this chick was sexy; and if I had any sense of rhythm I would have run her out to the dance floor... but as you know I was cursed with two left feet--plus my head wasn't in the right space to think about sex or relationships. I was still licking my wounds and dealing with the insecurities of being cheated on after everything blew up with Natasha... so to save face I tried my best to quickly pack up my emotional baggage before replying; "You're sexy AS FUCK... and I'd love to take you... but I'm just not into dancing. I've got to find a friend to take care of some business, but how about I come find you afterwards..."
Kristin looked up with bewildered eyes as she was trying to process the fact she'd just been shot down. She was gorgeous, so this was new territory for her (as I don't think she got told no very often). "Do you have a girlfriend?" She fired back, as she again tried to pull me out on the floor.
"No... it's complicated" I replied (rather sheepishly) as I tried to hide the discomfort my insecurities were presenting by ogling her chest, then I put my hand on the small of her back so I could bring her back onto the stairs leading to the DJ booth--and give some context for my odd behaviour.
I stood quiet for a second as I tried to wrangle my thoughts but before I could speak the persistent vixen asked "How complicated can it be?" I Figured she wasn't going to give up, so I said "Let me buy you a drink and I'll tell you all about it.." but just then I seen Danny in a group on the far side of the dance floor (behind Kristin) and he was engaged in a shoving match. "SHIT! I've gotta run, my buddy is in trouble!" I exclaimed as I breezed past my new sexy friend and over to back Danny up...
I got over to where the action was just in time for punches to start being thrown; Danny was a tough motherfucker, and even though he was only 5'8 or so, he weighed almost as much as I did (235lbs) and his favourite type of fight was a bar fight, so he quickly took out three or four members of the opposing group. One of the guys who was roughly my size decided he'd square off with me, and we exchanged a few blows before Coyotes security rounded us all up and threw us out the front door--they didn't care if we fought; just not in their bar!
Outside me and my doppelgänger resumed what we'd started in the bar, but he made a crucial mistake and left himself open as he came at me--so I landed a really good right hook that sent him straight to the ground. My opponent seen that the rest of his party had pretty much abandoned him, so with a bruised ego he took off towards the parking lot across the street. Danny was fighting with a guy right by Coyotes front door when our bouncer pal broke it up and told my cohort it was best we leave, as the cops had been called while we were all tussling inside and they would be there at any minute.
I had all but forgotten about Kristin; but as we were headed down the street to the Navigator (to get outta there) she appeared outta nowhere, then jumped on my back and said "Hey mister complicated; where are you guys going? You never bought me that drink!" (Jesus this chick is persistent)
"Didn't you see the fight that just happened? We're going back to Ogden before the cops get here!" I explained as I tried to get her off my back (both figuratively and literally).
"Are there places in Ogden where you can buy a girl a drink?'' The forward stranger asked as she hopped down and got ahead of me so she could bat her big green eyes in my direction.
"It's a house party; you're welcome to come, but we've gotta get outta here, NOW!" And with that she eagerly accepted the invitation and ended up getting in the Navigator to head down to Ogden with us.
Here's the thing you need to know; as much as I wanted to get back into a sexual relationship I knew that I wasn't mentally ready for it, so when Kristin decided to come back and party with us in Ogden I figured one of my friends would scoop her up--but when we got to the house party she treated me like I was the only guy there. It was awesome and a huge confidence booster--because as of late it was shot. I'd been with Natasha for a decade and in that period I could count the amount of times she'd attended an Ogden party on one hand so I wasn't used to this type of singular attention in public; but I enjoyed it immensely, and soaked it up.
We played a few games of pool in the basement, and even started putting wagers on the shots that we were making. Of course my first thought was to play for clothes; so I finished my drink and walked around the pool table looking for an easy shot... "Red ball, far pocket, and I get an article of clothing; your choice!" I proclaimed with intoxicated confidence.
"NO FAIR! I'm only wearing a skirt and shirt... I don't even have socks on, and there's no way I'm walking around the party naked!" Kristin protested as she came to where I was standing and grabbed my ass.
"What about your thong? I'll gladly take that sexy little garment as a trophy!" I negotiated; making a case that my wager was fair. "Ok, to sweeten the pot--if I miss I'll strip to my boxers for the remainder of the night!" I proposed as I was trying to bait the hook; but being naked at a house party was nothing new for me--I'd get naked for a tuna sandwich because I had no shame and I was in amazing shape, so I didn't mind showing off!
"Ok that's fair! But I get to distract you!" Kristin negotiated as she gave my ass one more squeeze then she stepped away and adjusted her shirt so her displayed cleavage was even more spectacular.
"That sounds fair, but no touching while I'm taking my shot." I replied; knowing the only way I was going to miss was if she interfered as I lined up to sink her fate...
"Ok you've got yourself a deal! What pocket are you shooting for?" Kristin asked. When I pointed my target out my sexy friend went and put her ass right above the pocket, lifting up her skirt and showing off that perfect booty (as well as her lacy thong that was about to become my trophy). The vixen's sexy little dance caught the attention of some of the other guys in the basement, so they started cheering and whistling at the sight of her perfectly toned rear end, then as I made my shot (sinking the ball) everyone watched intently as Kristin hopped down and slowly removed her sexy lace thong so she could place it in my jeans pocket.
Kristin had a huge smile on her face and she was enjoying the reaction from the crowd; but her eyes were constantly locked on me and she was hanging off my every word! I was insanely turned on--not only by the sexiness that had just unfolded in the crowded basement--but I could feel the warmth of Kristin's thong in my pocket; and apparently she was turned on as well because when I reached down to retrieve them (so I could put them on my head--like any good trophy should be worn) they were noticeably wet and the musky sweet smell of her sexual excitement filled my nostrils!
As I surveyed the table for my next shot I said "What article of clothing do I get next?" to which Kristin promptly shut me down; reminding me the thong was the only trophy I'd collect at the party as she wasn't walking around on display for everyone to see.
"Ok, if you sink this one you can do a body shot from my bellybutton--but if you miss you're in your boxers!" My savvy opponent proposed; trying to continue our trend of playing for clothes without wagering any of her own.
"Sure; but if I'm losing ALL my clothes except my boxers, I think that's worth a cleavage shot, AND one from your bellybutton!" I negotiated. My adventurous friend agreed to my terms and made me pick my shot. Once I pointed out the pocket she again went and stood by it, but this time instead of hopping up on the table and showing off her ass to everyone; she waited until I had my head down (prepping for the shot) then right as I took it she did a little twirl like she'd done beck at Coyotes--giving me a quick peek at her ass--while showing me her neatly shaved pussy with a landing strip above that almost caused me to crash my plane!
The distraction was a surprising success--and I held my breath as the ball hit at an angle instead of straight on, then in what seemed like slow motion it bounced off each side of the pocket before going in. "Jesus, I thought I was going to miss that one! You owe me two body shots ma'am!" I proclaimed with drunken confidence before walking over and playfully swatting her perfect little ass.
I was feeling especially confident as I'd hit a sweet spot in my drinking--so after getting a handful of caboose I pulled her in for a kiss, then set her free. Kristin was extremely receptive to my advances and seemed disappointed when I broke our lip lock, so she walked behind the bar in a pout and playfully asked "What's your poison of choice?" As she started looking thru the menagerie of bottles that were behind the well stocked drinking station.
"I'm feeling spicy; is there any Bacardi 151 back there?" I asked as I came over to the bar and again put my hand on it's favourite resting place; my new friend's tight end!
Kristin rummaged thru the bottles before saying "That shit is like paint thinner! How about some Sour-Puss?" (She offered as a compromise). I gave her a disapproving look, then I asked "Your puss is sour?" to which she shot me a sexy smile and brought her lips up close to my ear before whispering; "Play your cards right and you'll find out!" My flirty friend grabbed a red bottle of Sour-Puss and a few shot glasses, then came back over to the pool table, pouring the shots before she cleared the balls into the pockets so she could hop up on the table and lay flat. Kristin got comfortable on the felt-clad slate then she grabbed one of the shots and asked me if I was ready.
"I was born ready my dear!" I exclaimed cockily. Kristin grabbed the booze then sucked in her stomach to make it so she could pour the shot into her bellybutton without it spilling out onto the pool table. She then carefully poured the alcohol onto herself so I hopped up on the table and slurped it up, teasing her belly with my tongue and playing with her bellybutton ring. My actions were getting a good reaction as Kristin went from giggling and laughing straight to moaning while she had her eyes closed and seductively bit her lower lip; so I worked my way around her abs as I was expertly cleaning up all the red fluid from her sexy stomach.
Eventually I went down to her skirt and tugged at the waistband with my teeth. Kristin instantly put her hands on my head then laced her fingers in my hair as she started moaning for more. I figured I was getting the green light, so I kept kissing her tummy and used my tongue to tease her. I was so caught up in the heat of the moment I got courageous and I put one of my hands up her skirt; where my fingers were greeted by her incredibly hot bare mound. Kristin grabbed a handful of my hair and tried to pull my head up to hers, but I fought her and let my fingers explore their wet prey a bit more. The moment my fingers found their target it felt like electricity was surging between us--I could feel the moisture of her outer lips so I let my finger part them and the temptress lifted her hips slightly so she could enveloped the intruding digit to its first knuckle, then she held herself still as she let out a moan and I added a second.
In the throws of passion we'd completely forgotten that we were in a crowded basement, but we were snapped back to reality when we were abruptly (and quite rudely) interrupted by one of the girls sitting on the couch as she playfully yelled; "Get a fucking room you two!" So I took my hand out from under Kristin's skirt; then sucked my fingers clean before I moved up to my sexy playmate's head to give her a very passionate kiss as a "Thank you!"
Kristin's face was flush with a mix of excitement and embarrassment, so she hopped down off the pool table, and she put the second shot glass right between her ample tits then let me retrieve it using only my mouth; and of course I had to motor-boat her while I was there. After downing that second shot I gave Kristin another juicy kiss and she pulled me close enough to whisper in my ear. "Let's get outta here!"
I didn't need anymore convincing so we made our way around the party to say our goodbyes, then we stepped outside to find Danny and a few of the guys standing on the steps passing around a joint. "You two lovebirds getting outta here?" Danny asked before taking an impressive haul off the joint, then he handed it off to Kristin--who followed suit then handed it to me.
"Yeah man, we're gonna get outta here before I'm too drunk to drive; it's been fun as always boys--Bossman out!" I exclaimed as I handed the joint back to the guys, then grabbed Kristin's hand and led her out to the street where the Navigator was parked; when suddenly she asked "I heard a bunch of people calling you Bossman tonight; then you just called yourself Bossman... what does it mean?"
Without missing a beat I said "Oh that's my real name; my parents were hippies! You know; the tree huggers with VW vans and tie dye shirts that go around preaching flower power and all that jazz! I made out better than my sister--they named her Diamond... that just screams stripper; don't you think?"
Kristin laughed and asked; "Then where did you get the name Cory?" As she climbed into the Navigator while I held the door open for her.
I tried to keep it together but I bust out laughing. "I'm fucking with you; it's a nickname I picked up years ago in high school and it just kinda stuck. Most of my friends call me Bossman, and I own a shop; so when I officially became a boss it was more common that people would call me Bossman over Cory."
I climbed into my side of the Navigator and told Kristin she could go thru the binder of CD's to put on whatever music she wanted; so she grabbed the book and started flipping thru it. "You said you own a shop? Why do you drive a Lincoln; aren't they usually the vehicle of choice for old people?" Kristin asked with a mischievous tone as she searched the folder for some driving tunes.
I started laughing and explained "I needed something that wouldn't attract the attention of the cops. My other cars are all heat scores--they're all pretty heavily modified because my shop specializes in performance work and building racing engines. I RARELY have problems in the Navigator because it's big and smells of stale French fries and sweaty LARPing gear, so it's great for sneaking under the radar when I've been drinking--or want to avoid uncomfortable conversations about life choices with law enforcement."
Kristin looked around the vehicle; turning to see it had two rows of seats behind us and a dog barrier in the cargo area, then asked "You have a dog I assume?"
I started laughing and said; "No it's for Danny when he's had too much to drink!"
Kristin looked at me and giggled. "Do you always bullshit? Tell me something interesting about yourself Mr.Bossman..."
Jesus; talk about putting a guy on the spot. "Every other Sunday I drive clear across town and leave tuna in my ex's mailbox, but Shhhhh... it's a secret!" I divulged (trying to keep a straight face) before saying "Your turn; tell me a fact about yourself!"
Kristin looked at me with her big green eyes while running her fingers up and down my arm, and I was doing my best to behave as I made my way on the back roads from Ogden to New Brighton. After some deep contemplation she mustered her best stern face as her sexy voice shattered the silence when she said "My ex-mother in law thought my pot roasts were too dry... but what does she know--she's in hell now!"
I immediately looked over in shock and asked "You've been married? How old are you?"
Kristin couldn't keep it together and began to laugh. "You're not the only one who can be a smart ass mister!"
When we got to the house I backed the Navigator into the driveway like I normally would, but instead of going in thru the front door I reached to my upper console and hit the button to open the garage door where Miley and Tricia were parked. We got out of the Navigator and Kristin immediately noticed the two cars--this was my plan--and says "Holy fuck! You weren't kidding when you said your cars were heat scores! What kind is the black one? Why is the steering wheel on the wrong side?" I instantly got a chubby; a chick that wanted to know about cars? Was I dreaming?
I started telling Kristin about my girls when she walked over and pulled my head down for a kiss, then said; "I don't know what any of the stuff you just said means--but I can tell that it excites you--and seeing that passion for what you do, well quite honestly it excites me; let's go inside!"
My head was spinning as I led Kristin between the cars and up the stairs into the house. "There's lots of booze in the kitchen above the fridge; I've gotta drain the lizard and let the dog out, you're not afraid of big dogs are you? He's a boxer. He kinda looks scary but he's a big baby, and he'll be your best friend if you give him some whiskey!" I explained as I walked towards the stairs to go up to my bedroom. "Naw I've got a big dog too; I'm good!" Kristin replied and she disappeared into the kitchen.
I went upstairs instead of using the bathroom that was on the main floor because I hadn't planned on meeting anybody; never mind bringing someone back to the house to fuck. I wanted to tidy up my room because it screamed bachelor on the best of days--but more importantly I had some manscaping I needed to take care of--because it had been a while since I'd been with anybody for sexy time (besides Palmela Handerson and the five finger twins) so I had a bush that would put a vintage porn-star to shame. The 70's were a special time in history where no one gave a fuck; there was smoking in hospitals, untamed pubes everywhere, and sexually harassing midgets at the workplace was not only socially acceptable--but encouraged! However we've come a long way in personal hygiene since that golden age... so I had to make myself presentable for my sexy guest.
I quickly undid my jeans and dropped my pants so I could trim the jungle between my legs while giving myself a pep-talk. I was nervous as fuck because Kristin was an extremely sexy woman, and she was also incredibly forward so I was almost certain that the vanilla routine I'd mastered with Natasha wouldn't impress her. My pep talk was less than helpful and I was starting to get performance jitters because I was putting doubts in my head as I was overthinking the situation (thus feeding my insecurities).
I slapped my face, then I misted myself with some cologne as I convinced myself; "You've got this; you're a sexual dynamo!" After my pep talk and impromptu grooming session I ran downstairs, then as I got to the bottom I turned the corner to go to the basement to let Kohl up--but I seen Kristin sitting on the kitchen island facing me. She was perched with her feet up so I had a perfect view up her skirt; and the sexy vixen was putting on a show as she was slowly and methodically rubbing herself while playing with her clit.
"Oh, you were taking a while so I decided to start without you... do you like what you see?" Kristin asked. I had to wipe the drool from my chin while my cock took control and was walking me towards the epic exhibit--thinking her showcase was an invite to come play. "No! Go let the dog out... we'll have plenty of time to explore each other later; that was just a preview.." Kristin explained as she snapped her legs shut and hopped off the counter to blow me a kiss.
I couldn't believe what was unfolding in front of me. "You're TROUBLE my dear... I like your style, but doing that, then denying me access is NOT fair!" I explained as I turned and went downstairs--trying to tuck my now obvious hard-on up so my belt could hold it back. I reluctantly went to free Kohl instead of following the demands of my cock to go into the kitchen, and once I rejoined Kristin she had poured drinks for the three of us.
"Oh the dog can't drink his out of a glass without spilling it; you can just put his in a bowl!" I explained as I laughed and walked over to grab Kohl a bowl, then dumped his shot into it before giving it to Kristin (so she could in-turn give it to the dog). We said cheers, then the three of us downed our drinks before me and my new friend laughed and chatted about the dog and his drinking problem.
Eventually we made our way upstairs to the bonus room (my living room above the garage) where I turned on the TV that was connected to my elaborate home theatre stereo system and put on some music that immediately caught my sexy guest's attention. Kristin began dancing around, then said "Ok Mr.Complicated, I believe you owe me a dance!" And with that she grabbed my hand so she could pull me towards her.
"You don't understand I don't dance... sorry... I *can't* dance... I have no rhythm!" I explained rather sheepishly.
Kristin immediately put her hands on my hips to pull my body tight against hers; pushing her ample tits against my chest while causing us to sway back and forth rather slowly to the music that was playing. "This isn't so hard, is it?" Kristin asked before she moved her arms up around my neck, then looked into my eyes and asked; "So Mr.Bossman; tell me what's so complicated about your situation?"
Ok, I'm usually a really confident guy; in fact I have so much confidence that I'm overly cocky, and that feeds my charismatic personality--but having to admit I couldn't dance, and now feeling like I had to explain my relationship (and ultimately being cheated on) I felt like I was back in the principal's office in Montreal--waiting to explain my forgery in first grade! "It's a long story... I was with a chick from a really young age, then when I opened my shop and I started working long hours we drifted apart. Ultimately I found out she was cheating, and things got messy because she got greedy... so I became vengeful... I've been kinda jaded and gun-shy ever since, flirting is one thing, but dealing with actual emotions scares me..." I explained as I moved my hands down to Kristin's skirt so I could grab her ass!
"You can drift?!?" Kristin asked with great enthusiasm; thus breaking up the rather serious tone that was heavy in the air (and I instantly smiled). "Breakups can be hard... especially when there's money and hurt feelings involved. I don't understand people who don't just end things instead of sinking to cheating--but she made a big mistake, and her loss is my gain... I don't know what will come of this, believe it or not I don't make a habit of going home with random guys from the bar, especially ones who've been kicked out for fighting! But when I seen you down at Coyotes there was something that drew me to you; I understand being hurt and unsure about getting back out there, but pain is part of the game of love, and you can't win if you don't play! I left a group of about twenty girls that were celebrating a bachelorette because something about you stood out from all the other guys in the bar. When you turned me down and tried to leave without me I knew that you weren't all about sex; you put on this front like you're some gruff thug and you don't care about anyone, but seeing you tonight, in your element with your friends, and seeing how you guys all look out for one another--that was what made me decide to leave with you so we could have sex..." Kristin divulged, then she pulled my head down to her level so she could kiss me on the forehead before she gave me an amazingly passionate kiss with a tight embrace.
Ok that was honestly one of the sweetest things anyone has ever said to me; and I think it's the first time my friends have been seen by someone outside our group the same way I viewed them--as family. Kristin's analysis was dead on, and almost scary in how she seen right thru my bullshit and ego... Oh, and did she just say that we were going to have sex?!? I mean I kinda knew we were headed there, but I've never been with a woman who was so forward and announced it! My head was now a flurry of thoughts and analytics as I was trying to process what'd just been said. Me and Kristin continued our make out session and my hands explored her body until one of them found its way back under her skirt--and I again started tracing my fingers along her noticeably wet slit!
Kristin broke away from my lips and started to purr. "I've been so wet ALL night! You're an incredibly sexy fellow Mr.Bossman! You have that tall, dark, and handsome thing going for you, and it doesn't hurt that you're ripped... take your shirt off and get down on your knees... I want you to play with my clit the same way you did my bellybutton ring with your tongue when we were back at the party!" Kristin demanded; but Instead of obeying my forward friend's orders I just stood there with an expressionless look on my face and a blank stare. I think all the blood from my brain had travelled down to my penis; thus impeding my cognitive ability! "You don't like a woman being in charge and her telling you what to do?" Kristin asked with an authoritative tone.
Her question instantly stopped my overthinking and snapped me out of my daze. "Oh I don't mind women in charge; I actually think that could be a lot of fun.. I'm sorry, this is going to sound really weird... but I've never really been with a woman who knew what she wanted in bed, never mind one that came right out and asked me for it... I'm TOTALLY down with you calling all the shots; your forwardness combined with the request just caught me off guard. In my last relationship our sex-life was almost comatose so I've just gotta get my head in the game... it sounds like a good time tho! I'll listen to your orders going forward; I'm really sorry, I'm just new to all this!" I explained as I tried to wrap my head around how much confidence Kristin had, and her ability to be so open.
"Here's the deal Bossman; first you need to stop apologizing--this isn't an interview, and if it were, you've got the job! We're both sexual beings.. Nobody knows what gets me off better than ME! So it's not fair for me to say 'let's fuck' and expect you to ring my bell when I'm giving you no guidance... I'm a pretty open minded gal, I'll try pretty much ANYTHING once, as long as we're communicating, but I need to hear more from you than 'oh that feels good' or 'ride my cock.' If you want me to blow you I'd be glad to oblige; I just want you to tell me how you like it.. You want your balls licked while I jerk you off? No problem; but I'm not a mind reader, so just tell me! The flip side of this is that I know exactly what I like; if I'm feeling like getting fucked hard from behind--and I want my hair pulled--I'll tell you to do it. If I want my ass smacked, I expect a nice handprint left behind... the only thing I ask for is respect, and for you to give it your all! leave it all on the field as the sports teams say... I don't like being degraded; but I love hearing how horny I make you, and all the dirty things you want to do to me! No means no, and my safe word is pumpernickel; unless you hear that you can use me like a fuck doll.. Make sense?" Kristin asked as she reached out and let her fingers trace the bulge in my pants.
I stood in front of her in amazement and nodded with a smile before leaning down to give Her a kiss. "You're one special chick Kristin!" I said in amazement.
Just then she pushed me back, "Don't make me repeat myself mister; what have you been told to do?" She asked; then shot me one of the sexiest looks I've ever seen! I took a step back and pulled my shirt up over my head before tossing it on the couch behind my sexy master. As I threw my shirt she reached out to touch my bicep where she traced her fingers across my pecks, then down over my abs (as I flexed to emphasize my six pack).
"Jesus I see why they bring you out to do the fighting, you look like one of those models that poses with puppies in calendars that teen girls have hanging on their bedroom walls!" She exclaimed before coming close enough to run her tongue around my nipple. Suddenly Kristin grabbed my shoulders and began pushing me down to my knees. "I'm in charge, you don't cum until I say so... do you understand?" Kristin asked in an extremely authoritative tone. I nodded my head in agreement, then tugged her skirt down so it fell to the floor, giving me an unobstructed view of that glistening pussy that had been calling and teasing me all night...
I got closer to Kristin then started kissing everywhere (except where she wanted) and as my nose got near the apex of her groin the intoxicating smell of her excitement was a massive turn on! "You're such a fucking tease!" She moaned as she grabbed my hair and pushed my face into her crotch where she wanted it. The sudden invasion caused my nose to part her lips; and in an attempt to get some control of the situation I reached out with my tongue so I could lap up her sweet juices!
"Stand up and take the rest of your clothes off you gorgeous man!" My sexy master commanded--then she walked over to sit on the couch with her legs far apart as she massaged her most intimate of areas. You know the sound that Kraft-dinner makes when you stir it? Well Kristin was so turned on that same erotic tune was coming from between her legs as she massaged her mound then sunk her fingers past her lips! I did exactly as I was ordered and removed my jeans; I was excited so my member was fully erect by this point and it sprung out as I freed it from my boxers, then let them drop to the floor to join my jeans.
"Come here... I want to taste that beautiful cock--but remember my rules--you don't cum until I say so! I'm assuming you cleared the chamber?" Kristin asked before leaning forward and kissing her way up my thigh.
I thought I heard her wrong, so I asked; "Did what? Cleaned it? Yeah I'm good to go!" I replied; being thankful I made my trip upstairs.
Kristin couldn't help but giggle--then said; "Ok I'm happy you cleaned it up, but I'm talking about firing off a round beforehand? Don't tell me a thug like you has never been taught gun safety?" I just stood there with my dick out looking confused again, and I was starting to feel really embarrassed. "Oh honey; I thought that's why you ran upstairs when we got to the house, you know; snap one off so that things last longer and you're not dealing with a full load? I love cum in my mouth; but I HATE being drown in it... if you bust a nut beforehand it makes the load manageable and more enjoyable--that's why I was playing with myself in the kitchen; it's only fair I prime the pump..." Kristin explained.
I couldn't help but laugh; it was like everything I'd been taught in my sexual education up to that point in my life had been proven wrong and she was educating a virgin--I felt like imposing a one-time-only Rocket Mortgage do-over! "No I haven't cum yet..." I said quietly.
"No problem sexy man, it just means round one will be more explosive at the end.. I'll get you trained yet!" Kristin explained before leaning forward and wrapping her mouth around the head of my cock. My new friend had some exceptional oral skills. She slowly encircled the head of my aching member with her tongue as she gradually increased the pace at which she was servicing me. Pushing herself--pushing herself to get me deep enough into her throat that I was cutting off her oxygen supply all together--and I'll tell you right now; there's nothing more romantic than that "Gah, Gah, Gah!" sound a woman makes when she chooses servicing your dick over her own breathing requirements!
This encounter was far above anything I'd experienced up until this point in my sexual escapades. Yes, Natasha had given me many blowjobs over the years, and she even let me finish in her mouth a few times, but she truly lacked any skills that would've made the encounter feel erotic or sexually charged--it was more an overwhelming sense of obligation. In the time since my cheating ex I'd hooked up with a handful of women, but really they were rather unspectacular--they were mostly encounters where we were both sexual beings that needed a release. Honestly the only one worth mentioning was Lauren; and she only becomes relevant because I surprised the both of us when I made her squirt using a combination of my mouth and fingers--then as a thank you she sucked me dry and swallowed every last drop without any signs of a gag reflex.
The lip service I was getting from Kristin stood out in a class of its own--she sucked me off like I had diamonds in my nutsack--but I was astonished when she made a very bold declaration: "I'm going to give you the best head you've ever experienced!" Then she started slowly tracing her tongue up and down the sides of my wonderfully hard cock. She teased the tip as she lapped up the pre-cum she'd excited, then she traced the sides and licked my balls. Kristin couldn't get enough of my manhood so she took one of my balls gently into her mouth; and put me in a state of pure bliss as she stroked my shaft with her hand and massaged the nut with her tongue.
My eyes were closed and I was in a euphoric state... but I could tell by the sounds filling the room that she was using her free hand to frantically strum her clit. The smell of sex was heavy in the air and I was feeling confident as I grabbed the back of my playmate's head so I could push her far enough onto my shaft that my balls were hitting her chin, when suddenly I felt her take a well lubed finger from between her legs and she began probing at my ass!
I was caught off guard so I let go of her hair and almost jumped back, but she grabbed my hips to pull me where she wanted in front of her--then before putting my dick back in her mouth she told me to stay still; "I know this seems weird but trust me--I'm going to milk your prostate; and you're going to cum harder than you've ever done before! You haven't climaxed yet so with all the buildup it's going to be lots, and I want you to spray my tits and face!" She announced as she returned my dick to the back of her windpipe then her finger to my brown-star. As weird as it was to have her finger in my ass it somehow hardened me to a whole new level, and I knew I couldn't take much more, but I was told I wasn't allowed to cum until my mistress called for it.
She was sucking me for all it's worth; I was so far into her throat she could lick my balls with each pump. Her finger was frantically stroking my prostate--and she was sucking me like my cum could cure cancer. I was stuffed so deep in her mouth that I couldn't believe it was humanly possible. She got into an erotic rhythm, fucking my cock with her mouth; the whole while massaging my prostate with her finger as she primed me for a massive explosion!
I told her that she needed to stop unless she was ready for my load--but she didn't break stride; she just purred as she felt my cock swell inside her throat. She'd been given ample notice of the impending eruption and instead of backing off she rapidly increased her deep throating, using her mouth to milk my cock as if there was no tomorrow. It took but one more stroke of my prostate and my balls tensed up, then my knees buckled as I had one of the most intense orgasms I've ever experienced. It was almost a thing of beauty, I was overcome with feelings of satisfaction as I watched Kristin jerk my shaft at a frantic pace and stream after stream of my seed came spewing out.
My eager playmate opened her mouth wide and stuck out her tongue so the overspray from her face and chest could land in her mouth; then showed me the load she'd collected and proudly swallowed it--just as she had her own orgasm--and we both collapsed in a heap of satisfaction; the pleasure of our simultaneous releases engulfing us!
We spent the rest of that night and well into the next morning exploring each-others bodies while playing out countless fantasies. It was an incredible feeling to connect with someone on that level. Every time I thought we'd done something that couldn't be topped--like those late night infomercials Kristin always had a "But there's more" moment! Until that experience I thought that after I had an orgasm things were done, and we cuddled, then went to sleep. But every time I'd climax my enthusiastic new lover would put me to work while I hydrated and my "batteries recharged!" I have a very valuable lesson I'd like to share with any young people still with their 'first love'--don't confuse sex with love; love generally lasts more than two minutes!
That night with Kristin was incredible; the surrender of power combined with the communication awoke something in me that I didn't even know existed. I now had a new benchmark for sexual experiences, and instead of raising the bar just high enough to walk under it (like I'd done with previous sexual partners) Kristin set the bar so fucking high that I thought I was now qualified to perform professionally (in tasteful adult film features!) Kristin taught me the important difference between erotic, and kinky--erotic is using a feather--kinky is using the whole damn chicken! But she also taught me that love can be whatever you let it be--OK I know this obviously wasn't love, it was lust; but you get the point!
This was a real turning point for me, and it really showed me that sex is nothing to be ashamed of! Sex is something that is done between two consenting adults--and as long as you're respecting boundaries it should be enjoyed to the absolute maximum--because it's a healthy, natural thing! The problem with this enlightenment was that I found the focus of my next addiction; Sex!