Cyrus was stretching and gazing out the window at the lake when his phone buzzed with a text message from his girlfriend, Jennifer. She was visiting another cottage in the area.
"Hi honey, I hope studying is going well! Thanks for dropping me off this morning. It's so good to see Rachel again. I can't believe I haven't been to her family's cottage in six years. The last time I saw her brothers they were shorter than me, and now look how tall they are! They're 18 and heading off to university in the fall."
The accompanying picture showed Jenn standing outside a two-storey lakeside property with her childhood best friend and Rachel's identical twin brothers, Jake and Gabriel. The family of athletes towered over his much shorter girlfriend. They were all dressed for summer: tank tops and jean shorts for Jenn and Rachel, and t-shirts and board shorts for the boys.
Cyrus grinned and replied with a photo of his constitutional law textbook. "I'm glad you're getting to spend the day with them! Here's my companion for today. I hear he knows how to party."
She wrote back: "Don't get too comfortable with him, babe! Remember, you're all mine after you write the bar exam. Oh, and don't worry about picking me up this evening, I'll get Rachel to give me a ride back after dinner. Love you!"
*
Cyrus was glad to see Jenn spending time in the sun with old friends, even if he wasn't able to join them. She needed a break from work. They had both been working punishing hours this summer, she as a junior associate at an investment bank in Toronto and he as a law student at one of the city's understaffed legal clinics.
He found his work fulfilling, if exhausting, but he knew Jenn was feeling disillusioned after two years at the bank. The business school graduate had always been good with numbers, and she had worked hard to learn the technical side of commercial banking. So it had seemed like a great opportunity when she got a job in the asset management wing of one of the country's largest banks.
But Jenn hadn't realized how much of the work involved networking and building relationships with potential clients. She had struggled to make the kinds of connections the rest of her team--all young men from well-connected families--seemed to have no trouble making on the squash court or the golf course.
When Cyrus told her he was planning to take a few days off work to study for the bar exam, Jenn had jumped at the chance for a mini vacation. She suggested they rent a small cottage in the Muskoka region, roughly two hours north of Toronto. Cyrus would have all the quiet he needed to review his textbooks and notes from law school, she promised, while she relaxed and went swimming.
Jenn had grown up in a nearby town and spent every summer of her childhood exploring the many lakes in the area. Her parents' jobs had eventually pulled the family south to the big city, but Cyrus knew Jenn missed life on the water. He hoped heading back to familiar surroundings would help her cut loose and clear her head after all the pressure she was feeling at work.
So far, it seemed to be working. Cyrus smiled as he thought back to their drive up to the cottage the previous day. Jenn had shown up outside their apartment building in downtown Toronto driving her parents' old pickup truck. The Saturday morning brunch crowd on the patio next door had gawked as the five-foot-four brunette slid the enormous machine deftly into a tight parking space, leaned on the horn to get Cyrus' attention, and jumped out to help him load their bags.
Gone were the tailored pantsuit and silk blouse the 24-year-old had worn to the office on Friday. In their place were an old trucker hat, aviator sunglasses, a bright red bikini top, a pair of low-rise jean shorts, and hiking boots. Cyrus had grinned when he noticed the strings from her matching red bikini bottoms spilling out over the waistband of her shorts. Jenn had declared, while packing on Friday night, that she intended to spend so much time in the water that there was no point bringing any underwear. She'd grabbed a tangled mess of extra bathing suits instead.
Noticing that Cyrus was taking his time admiring how the bikini top cuddled her perky, b-cup breasts, Jenn had spun around on the sidewalk and put her hand on her curvy hips for a quick pose. He had allowed himself another moment to drink in her healthy bubble butt and thick thighs before hurrying forward when she stuck her tongue out at him and threatened to give the horn another blast.
By the time she got them onto the highway on Saturday morning, Jenn had rolled down all the truck's windows and was belting out the words to her favourite summer playlist, her ponytail whipping in the wind and the sun shining on her bare shoulders.
*
Cyrus' phone buzzed again at midday on Sunday, just as he was making himself a sandwich in the kitchen of the rented cottage. It was a selfie from his girlfriend, showing herself in the foreground and Rachel's family behind her. They were sitting down to lunch on a wooden deck that looked out over the water.
Jenn was wearing her red string bikini and gesturing toward the table. Her wavy brown hair looked slightly damp, and her skin was already showing the beginnings of a rich tan.
"Hi hun!" she wrote. "I hope you found the fresh bread in the kitchen. It's been a beautiful morning here. We spent most of the time swimming, and then Rachel's mom made us lunch."
"I had to hang my tank top and jean shorts up to dry, though. Remember how I told you earlier that the boys look so much more grown up now? Well, it turns out they're still very much teenagers at heart. A few minutes after we took that nice group photo this morning, the two of them picked me up and threw me into the lake. I was soaked! It's a good thing I was wearing my bathing suit underneath, because that white tank top of mine is basically transparent when it gets wet. Rachel's parents were not happy, but the two little rascals looked pretty proud of themselves," Jenn recalled.
"Anyway, since I was already wet, the others got changed too and we jumped into the lake. Here's a picture Rachel's dad took for us earlier in the day. The water feels lovely. I'm sorry you're missing out!"
The photograph showed Jenn and the three siblings standing with the water up to their waists. Cyrus' eyes were drawn to the wet fabric of Jenn's bikini top, which clung to the curves of her breasts and poked out sharply over her nipples. He wondered whether his girlfriend knew just how thin the unlined material was. And what kind of a view her snug bikini bottoms yielded when she stepped out of the water.
Rachel, a six-foot-tall blonde who had turned an athletic scholarship into a professional beach volleyball career, looked lean and powerful in a black sports bra and lime green bikini bottoms. The gangly twins, each almost a foot taller than Jenn, were all elbows and knees in their oversized board shorts. They were jostling with each other directly behind Jenn, grinning widely, and one was giving the camera a big thumbs-up.
Cyrus chuckled to himself. "Let me guess," he typed in response, "the boys are behaving awkwardly and having trouble speaking in full sentences around you?"
"That's right!" Jenn texted back. "How did you know?"
"I spent several years as a teenage boy, you know," replied Cyrus. "They've just realized that their big sister's childhood friend is a girl, and a drop-dead gorgeous one at that. Their brains are overloading. I only wish you'd been around to short-circuit my brain when I was 18."
"That's ridiculous!" wrote Jenn. "I used to babysit these two every summer when they were little! They don't see me that way. I'm sure it's just the usual teenage awkwardness. Anyway, I've got to run. Rachel and I are going to grab some drinks and swim out to the floating dock in the middle of the lake."
Cyrus shook his head, finished his sandwich, and dove back into his constitutional law textbook. He was yanked out of it half an hour later by an update from Jenn: "Hi babe! Rachel's parents went to visit some friends and the boys are playing video games in the cottage, so we decided it was safe to take off our tops to get an even tan. Here's a treat for you!"
The accompanying selfie showed Jenn and Rachel lying side-by-side on their backs on what looked like a large wooden raft. They were each covering their bare breasts with one arm. Rachel was blushing deeply while Jenn smirked at the camera. A thin sheen of sweat and sunscreen glinted around their navels, and Cyrus could just make out the waistbands of their bikini bottoms at the base of the picture. The girls had pushed the bottoms down as far as they dared, and the fabric--red for Jenn and lime green for Rachel--was balanced precariously between their pubic mounds and their hips.
Cyrus stared at the picture of Jenn posing almost-nude next to one of her oldest friends, who also happened to be an elite athlete. "You are the best girlfriend in the world, babe," he replied. "Also, please tell Rachel that when Sports Illustrated finally puts her on the cover of its swimsuit edition, I'd like a signed copy."
Then he put his phone in a drawer and tried valiantly to get back to his constitutional law textbook.
Two hours later, he emerged from deep within a chapter on the limits of federal and provincial jurisdiction, checked his phone, and found he'd missed a series of text messages from Jenn.
"You were right about Jake and Gabriel!" she began. "Rachel and I were relaxing and catching up on the floating dock, and eventually we sat up to reapply our sunscreen. That's when she shrieked and pointed to a bright yellow inflatable tube that was floating near us. The two little dorks were hiding behind it and trying to get a peek at me rubbing my breasts!"
"Rachel was so pissed! She yelled at the boys and threatened to call their parents. They mumbled that they hadn't been looking at her, only at me, but she just kept yelling," wrote Jenn. "They looked so ashamed and apologetic, I actually felt bad for them."
"I managed to calm Rachel down a bit," Jenn continued, "by saying I'd have a talk with the twins about how to treat girls. She wasn't super convinced I could get through to them, so she told the boys that if they didn't take me seriously, she would tell their parents everything. They promised to listen to me. She was still pretty annoyed with them, though, so she decided to go for a run to burn off some of that energy."
"Jake and Gabriel were pretty quiet after Rachel grabbed her stuff and headed back to shore," Jenn continued. "I remembered what you said earlier about them not knowing how to handle themselves around girls, and I realized I'm partly responsible for that. These two were the sweetest little kids when Rachel and I used to babysit them. We taught them how to ride their bikes and how to deal with bullies. But then she went off to Vancouver for school and I disappeared to Toronto for six years, and we weren't around anymore."
Cyrus doubted that the twins were quite as clueless as Jenn was making them out to be. Then again, she had always been a kind person, and he was touched that she still cared so much about two gawky kids. But her next message made him choke on the coffee he'd been sipping.
"I made the boys join me on the dock for our talk," she wrote. "I was asking them if they'd dated anyone in high school when I noticed they both looked like they were stuck in some sort of trance. They were just staring at my chest with their mouths open. I looked down and realized that in all the excitement I'd completely forgotten to put my bikini top back on! I'd been sitting in the middle of the lake with my tits out the whole time, right in front of Jake and Gabriel!"
By this point Cyrus was laughing so hard that coffee actually squirted out of his nose. He couldn't blame the boys for being befuddled by Jenn's breasts. They were bouncy and happy and glorious, and he still found himself walking into walls when she took her top off in their apartment.
"It was hilarious, babe," Jenn continued. "I stopped talking and waited for them to notice, but they just kept staring! It's like you predicted, my boobs had actually short-circuited their poor brains. They only snapped out of it when I gave my girls a shimmy. They both looked so sheepish, it was adorable! I giggled and gave them another shimmy, and that finally drew a couple of embarrassed smiles out of them."
"Once the boys realized I wasn't angry," added Jenn, "they loosened up a bit and we started chatting about their lives. They're still the same sweet kids they've always been, they just don't have a lot of experience with girls. Then I remembered what you said earlier, about wishing you'd had someone like me around when you were at that awkward age. That was a great suggestion, honey! I realized that's exactly what I can do for Jake and Gabriel. I can help them become more confident around women!"
"The three of us are going to hang out in the middle of the lake for a bit longer because I want them to get comfortable with being around a topless woman," concluded Jenn. "The boys are pretty excited. They're calling it exposure therapy, the dorks."
The most recent message from Jenn, sent about half an hour earlier, was a photograph of his girlfriend sitting cross-legged between the twins. Jenn was wearing her trucker hat, sunglasses, and bikini bottoms. Her bikini top was lying on the dock beside a bottle of sunscreen, and she was beaming and thrusting her bare chest forward proudly. The boys, grinning through beet red faces, were kneeling on either side of her in their baggy swim trunks. Each had a skinny arm draped over her shoulders.
Cyrus felt himself getting aroused. He had hoped that a few days back in cottage country would help reawaken some of the carefree and joyful spontaneity that he loved about Jenn, but this was far beyond anything he could have wished for. And he could see he wasn't the only one getting turned on. Jenn could talk all she wanted about helping the twins build their confidence, but her nipples were pointing at the camera like laser beams and there was a large wet spot on the front of her bikini bottoms.
Still, Cyrus could tell Jenn wasn't ready to admit she was getting off on the thought of putting her naked body on display. He decided to go along with the pretense that this was all simply an innocent kindness for a couple of kids from her past.
"I only just saw your last few messages, babe," replied Cyrus. "It's great to see you looking so happy, and the twins look like they've died and gone to heaven. Keep the pictures coming! I need something to liven up these study notes."
Jenn responded immediately: "Aw, you're so sweet! I knew you'd be supportive. I think we're already making progress. We've just been swimming around and hanging out on the floating dock, but the boys already seem less nervous around me. They're still laser-focused on my tits, the goofballs, but at least now they can carry a conversation while staring!"
"Also," Jenn added, "Rachel texted to say she's back at the cottage now. She went for a really long run and ended up turning her ankle right at the end. She doesn't think it's serious, but she wants to lie down and ice it until dinner. I offered to come in and keep her company, but she said I should stay out on the lake and soak up as much sunshine as I can for the few days I'm out of the city."
Cyrus wrote back: "That's too bad! I hope it's not a sprain. But I guess that means you have more time for exposure therapy."
"I've been talking about that with the boys, actually," replied Jenn. "It turns out neither of them have ever really touched a girl, which explains why they're so nervous. I want them to get over that before they leave for school in the fall, so I'm going to get them to help me reapply my sunscreen. I'll let you know how it goes, but please stop me if I'm distracting you too much with these messages. Love you!"
Cyrus made a valiant effort to get back to his study notes, but he hadn't made much progress when his phone buzzed again about 30 minutes later. Instead of text or photographs, he was surprised to see a longer video clip from Jenn.
It began with her lying topless on her stomach and asking Jake to start rubbing sunscreen onto her. The other twin must have been holding the camera. Jake began running his hands tentatively over her shoulders and back, then moved on to her legs.
These were the first images of the day to do justice to Jenn's firm, round ass, a product of years of gymnastics. Cyrus pushed his books aside, knowing he wasn't going to make any progress right then.
Jenn's red bikini bottoms, already fairly skimpy, started to slide between her cheeks thanks to Jake's enthusiastic kneading. When he used both hands to grab and jiggle her butt, she laughed, wiggled her hips, and raised herself up onto her knees.
Cyrus had no idea Jenn knew how to twerk, but she clearly did. When she arched her back and pointed her ass in the air, the camera caught the two dimples on her lower back and the perfect curve of her broad hips as they flared out to frame two firm globes.
Watching her audience over her shoulder, Jenn swayed her rump gently from side to side, then started bouncing it up and down. The back of her bikini bottoms had by now disappeared between her cheeks, and Cyrus could see that the narrow strip of red fabric stretched across her vulva was soaked.
Transfixed by the way his girlfriend was maintaining complete control over the boys--and him--even in such a seemingly submissive pose, Cyrus lost track of how long Jenn rolled her hips up and down and clapped her cheeks together for her attentive audience. When she finally stopped, she laughed at the dumbfounded expression on Jake's face and signalled for the brothers to swap places.
As Jake took the camera and Gabriel knelt down to squirt sunscreen onto his hands, Jenn flipped over onto her back and reclined, still topless, on the wooden surface. She adopted the same soothing tone she had used earlier, encouraging her new trainee to explore her body.
Gabriel worked his hands quickly over Jenn's shoulders and thighs before moving excitedly to her chest. She giggled at his eagerness, which made her breasts jiggle delightfully in the afternoon sun. She let him take his time squeezing and stroking her pert mounds with his large hands and pinching and rolling her stiff brown nipples between his long fingers.
Jenn was watching Gabriel just as intently as he was concentrating on her breasts, and Cyrus could see the wheels turning in her head. Having come to a decision, she lifted her hips slightly off the ground and whispered something to the teenager. He gaped at her for a moment and then pulled her bikini bottoms down and off her legs, rendering her completely naked for the first time that day.
As Gabriel stared at Jenn's fully shaven pussy, she stretched her arms out above her head and crossed her wrists, winking at the camera. Cyrus knew this was a special treat for him--the last time she'd assumed this position in bed, he'd tied her wrists together with a scarf and enjoyed the view of her breasts wobbling freely on her chest while he fucked her.
But Jenn wasn't done yet. With her arms still stretched out above her head, she pulled her knees up, placed her feet flat on the dock, and spread her legs as wide as they would go. This opened her body up completely and gave Gabriel, and the camera, a clear view of her pinkest, most intimate folds.
The boy stared in awe for a moment before reaching a trembling hand forward and petting Jenn's wet pussy gently. She gave him an affectionate smile, sat up to give him a hug, and then blew a kiss to the camera. The video cut off shortly after.
Back at the rental cottage, Cyrus groaned and leaned further back in his chair. He didn't remember freeing his hard cock from his shorts, but he had been pumping it with his hand in time with the hands that had been rubbing and stroking his girlfriend's nude body.
Jenn had sent him another message while he'd been watching the video. "I hope you enjoyed that as much as the boys did, hun! It took their brains a few minutes to boot up again afterwards, but since then they've just been stroking my hair and giving me the sweetest cuddles. They're so adorable."
The accompanying selfie showed Jenn reclining on the dock, naked, between the twins. Jake and Gabriel were still wearing their baggy swim trunks. She was resting her head and shoulders on one of them and she had her thighs draped over the other. The boys were clearly much more comfortable with her body. One was holding a breast casually in his hand, and the other was resting his hand lazily between her legs, cupping her pussy. All three were beaming at the camera.
"It's getting late," continued the message from Jenn, "so we're going to get our stuff together and make our way back to shore. I'll get a ride back after dinner. Love you!"
Deciding to save his energy for when Jenn got back, Cyrus stuffed his penis awkwardly back into his shorts. He knew he needed a break before making another effort to get back to his books, however, so he headed to the kitchen to fix a simple dinner for himself.
*
Later that night, Cyrus was sitting on the back deck of the cabin, sipping a beer and enjoying the stillness of the lake, when a whirlwind of brown hair and soft skin jumped onto his lap and burrowed into his chest.
"Hi, stranger!" exclaimed Jenn, kissing him. "I missed you today! Did you get a lot done? It was SO nice to have dinner with the whole family. I forgot how cool Mr. and Mrs. Thompson are."
Jenn peppered Cyrus with updates on Rachel's parents' jobs, Rachel's next stop on the volleyball tour, and Jake and Gabriel's plans for their first year of university. Cyrus let her chatter on, stroking her back lightly and enjoying the feeling of her warm body in his arms.
"I'm glad I got to have dinner with the whole family before they head home tomorrow afternoon," Jenn finished. "I was hoping to stop by in the morning to see Rachel before they leave, but her parents are going to take her to a clinic in the closest town to get her ankle checked out."
Cyrus had been stroking Jenn's back lightly as she talked, and at one point he realized he couldn't feel any fabric. He'd assumed she had been wearing her bikini when she hopped into his lap, but it turned out she was naked.
"It sounds like you had a perfect day on the lake," Cyrus said, kissing the top of her head. "I'm sorry I missed it, but I really enjoyed the pictures you sent. One question, though. What happened to your clothes?"
Jenn looked confused, then glanced down at her body and burst out laughing. "I totally forgot I wasn't wearing anything! I guess I spent so much time like this today that it just started to feel normal."
"Well, I'm certainly not complaining," replied Cyrus. "Did you just stay naked the whole evening, even during dinner?"
"No, silly!" she exclaimed. "I couldn't do that in front of Rachel's parents! My bikini was wet after we got out of the lake, so I took it off and changed into my tank top and jean shorts. Although I think Mr. Thompson could tell I wasn't wearing anything underneath because he was really concentrating on making eye contact whenever he talked to me at dinner. It was pretty funny. I guess that old tank top is pretty thin."
"So no, I wasn't just sitting at the dining table with my titties out," Jenn said, sticking her tongue out at Cyrus. "That happened later. Rachel was going to give me a ride back after dinner, but she couldn't put any weight on her ankle. So her brothers volunteered instead. They're so precious."
"I thought about it for a second and decided to fry their brains one last time," continued Jenn, with a wicked grin. "So when we walked out the front door of the cottage towards their parents' Jeep, I stripped completely naked right there on the gravel driveway and hid all my clothes under a bush. The boys' jaws dropped, just like the first time they saw me naked. I told them to hang on to my things for the next time I visit."
Cyrus could feel himself getting aroused again. "You rode all the way back here without a stitch on?" he asked.
"Yep!" said Jenn, brightly. "Although the top was down on the Jeep so I knew it would get chilly. I told the boys one of them had to sit in the back seat with me and keep me warm while the other drove. They swapped seats halfway when we stopped at a drive-through to get some lemonade."
"It was a really nice drive. When I think back to how jumpy Jake and Gabriel were around me earlier today. I'm so proud of how much progress they've made," continued Jenn. "They're both getting really good at fingering me!"
Jenn had been sitting curled up in Cyrus' lap and looking out at the lake as she talked. But she suddenly whipped her head around to look at him, her eyes flashing in the moonlight. When she reached down and grasped his hard cock through his shorts, he knew it was because she'd felt the steel rod poking into her rear.
"Is someone getting turned on thinking about his girlfriend getting fingered by a couple of teenagers in the back seat of a car?" Jenn asked teasingly, nibbling on his ear lobe.
Cyrus nodded, his mouth dry. He wondered if Jenn was finally admitting to him, and to herself, that the day's adventures had been more than just an innocent bit of show and tell. But he didn't have enough brain cells left on duty to figure that one out. Especially not when the naked brunette was slithering to her knees in front of his chair and coaxing his cock out of his shorts.
"You know, the twins are planning to take the boat out tomorrow morning to explore a few of the islands on the lake," Jenn said, still watching Cyrus closely. "They asked if I wanted to join them. I told the little cuties they'd have to wait for my next visit, because boys need a break from their toys."
"But now that I know what really turns you on... I could tell them yes," Jenn continued, with a devious smirk that somehow morphed into an innocent smile. "Only because you want me to, though."
Cyrus nodded again and gaped at her, dimly aware that the sexy minx had somehow managed to put his fantasies to work in service of her own.
"You naughty boy. I want you to hold me down and fuck me hard, right here under the stars," Jenn whispered in a raspy voice. "But first, I think you deserve a reward for being so supportive."
Keeping her eyes on his, Jenn leaned towards Cyrus and arched her back to make sure he could see the curve of her ass. Then she pulled his shorts down all the way and lowered her warm, wet mouth onto his already throbbing dick.
*
To be continued.