After returning to university after the Christmas break, I had looked in the mirror and did not like what I saw, a flabby tummy from too much food and drink at Christmas.
I did not want to diet as such as if I tried stripping the pounds it usually came off my top set first and I was rather proud of my 40D's. So I had joined a gym which had a cheap offer on for students of the university to use it through the day and it was only a 200 yard walk from my halls of residence.
It was now mid February and all the sit ups and tummy crunches in the gym had started to do their work and my tummy had toned up and the flabbiness had gone and my boobs had not been affected as I had toned up.
The gym was usually quiet when I went mid mornings when I did not have lectures, my routine was half an hour of exercise to tone my tummy then into the steam room for as long as I could stand it before the cold plunge and finally a relaxing ten minutes in the hot tub, bubbles lapping round my ears.
My usual attire was my trusty black Speedo swimsuit, I may have had a number of years, it was a little tight but showed my boobs off well and for a Speedo swimsuit was quite high legged giving me a nice leggy look. If there was a few people using the gym machines I would leave my yellow running shorts on but if it was quiet I would do the whole session in just my swimsuit, more like a sexy leotard.
This morning there was only another woman there, I had seen her before a couple of times, about thirty in a two piece fitness bikini, she had a nice toned body with a very full set of boobs and brunette hair.
I thought no more about it as I did my usual fitness routine then end up in the steam room. Whilst I was in there she had gone and got in the hot tub, it suppressed me when I exited the steam room and then dipped in the cold plunge, ten seconds, and I was out and into the hot tub to relax.
As I sunk into the hot tub with bubbles up to my chin, the woman smiled at me, then said her name was, "Kate."
Before I cold reply with mine she said, "That this was not a chat up or anything as she was not like that, but she could not help admiring my lovely figure and that I did not seem shy to show it off."
I blushed a little and said, "That I had not realised that my humble swimsuit was that revelling."
Kate replied, "Have you never looked at yourself as you come out of the cold plunge, your nipples are rock hard and perturbing through the thin Lycra and your down below lips are clearly visible. With a figure like yours and it's just what I am looking for."
I exclaimed, "Looking for."
Kate replied, "I am a retired model that had swapped one side of the lens for the other and shot content for magazines and web sites, to what the owners ordered and was always looking for new models."
I exclaimed, "What type of modelling."
Kate replied, "That rather than explain she had a web site she had developed which showed budding models what it was all about and a good selection of her work."
I exclaimed back to Kate, "You think I have the figure for it."
Kate replied, "I would not be asking you if I did not feel you were suitable and you seem uninhabited at showing it off, and any redheads in the past have always had plenty of offers of work."
I was a little speechless and Kate could tell I was a bit taken aback.
Kate finished by saying, "I will let you enjoy the hot tub as you usually do, I will leave my card in the crack of your locker, and the password is on the back."
With that Kate got out of the Hot Tub and made for the changing rooms.
My mind was a whirl, modelling, I thought for a couple of minutes before jumping out and making at a rush for the changing rooms, Kate was just exiting.
I said, "Can you explain more."
Kate replied, "Just look at my web site, watch the videos, all I can say is you will be in demand."
Kate's card was there with just a www address on and the password on the back as she said. I pulled my trackie bottoms and top on quickly and made back to my room, still with my swimming costume on.
When I got in, my laptop was straight out and logged in and the password inserted, it went straight into a video where Kate introduced herself and said if you had got this far she thought you had what it takes to be one of her models. It then zoomed across a wide range of girly magazines, and Kate exclaimed, "All my cover girls!"
The next video showed a new girl on her test shoot, then receiving commissions and showing bits of those individual shoots and the publications one was front cover and the other centrefold, the video then showed Jazz as the girl was called had moved onto video work, Kate explained it was always an option some girls did some did not it was up to yourself. The final video was of Kate just saying that as by asked to view the web site and videos she thought you right attributes to be one of her models.
I must now admit that I have often wondered what it would be like to be a girly magazine model, this started with an ex who as part of for play liked to read the letters in a certain publication, I can remember picking them up when he went to sleep leaving me with a soppy fanny and looking at the girls and wondering what it would be like to be one and all the lads wanking over them.
I could not resist I had to ring Kate, she exclaimed, "That did not take long, I knew you would be infested, how soon do you want to come over for the test shots."
Fuck that graphics lecture I thought. "How about in a couple of hours."
Kate then asked, "Are you smooth down there?"
I replied, "Not quite I have a triangle but the rest is smooth."
Kate came back, "That will be fine for the test shots, now when are you free and do you know your statistics."
I replied, "I can skip this afternoon's graphics lecture if you want and I'm a 40D 28 38figure and five foot six tall."
Kate replied, "After two will be fine, that's a lovely figure, just about what I thought you would be nice and shapely, before you come just wash and blow dry your hair, and no makeup, for the test shoot, and no tight underwear, we don't want any underwear lines."
Kate then went on to give me her address, it was about a couple of miles away, one of the flats down on the Docklands area.
As I washed and dried my hair, I thought o'shit, what have I let myself in for, and then a sexy buzzy feel came over me that I was going to be the centre of attention and showing off.
Well as I finished drying my hair and looked at myself in the mirror I could not believe how sexy I looked with my red wavy hair flowing onto my shoulders, my boobs, they may be largish but they are still nice and pert with little sag even for such large boobs even when unsupported, my now toned tummy leading to my red fanny and my now toned legs. To keep things loose, I decided to go commando without underwear and just wear a loose Kammi on top and my tracky bottoms under my ever faithful student coat.
The bus seemed to take forever seeming to stop every 400 yards but just after two I had got to Kate's block and in the lift to the 4th and top floor as she has said.
As I run Kate's door bell butterflies went through my tummy, but after only a few seconds Kate answered and welcomed me in, I got a shock she was in a dressing gown. She went on to explain that she had found it put the girls at ease if she was semi undressed as well, they did not feel as though they were the only ones undressed.
She then showed me her studio, it was I think the flats lounge originally, then through to the dressing area that was crammed full of outfits.
Kate said, "I've left you one of my Kate's Girls Robes and a pair of heals ready, slip them on and I will get my camera ready."
She then shut the door and let me strip off and put the robe and heals on, as I stepped out into the studio Kate had removed her robe and there in just a vivid green bikini.
"Told you it would help put you at ease", Kate exclaimed, "Come on now let's see you," Kate said.
I eased the robe off my shoulders and let it fall to the floor.
"Very nice Kate said, you will be in demand."
The next few minutes were a bit of a blur as Kate shot frontal, back and side shots of me followed up by numerous facial shots, Kate then beckoned me over to a large purple bean bag.
She then said, "To finish with a few nice fanny shots, it's up to you whether you spread your lips."
I thought for a few seconds as Kate fired a few shots of my fanny then my hand wandered down and I spread my labia wide showing my now erect clit and the entrance to my love tunnel. As Kate reeled of a number of shots of me totally exposed she asked for me to role onto my knees to get a nice bum shot. Kate then announced that she had all she needed and to slip my dressing gown back on.
Putting her own dressing gown back on she asked if I would like to join her and have a look at them as she down loaded them onto her computer.
I exclaimed, "That would be great."
In the short time Kate had shot almost a hundred photos and as they downloaded from the card reader I was amaze how I looked.
"See I told you your photogenic and sexy, these will bring you in plenty of work, we need to whittle them down to about ten to a dozen," Exclaimed Kate.
Well after a can of diet Pepsi each we had the 12 shots and Kate put them into a file before going to her e mail account and attaching the file to a pro forma she had that she sent out to the various publications.
Kate then asked, "Do you fancy video work?, I don't do it but if they like you they get your number off me and contact you directly with what they are offering, just if you're not I will delete them from my mailing list that I am sending your photos too."
I thought for a minute then asked Kate, "Do many of your girls do it, and is it enjoyable."
Kate replied, "A good three quarters do some, it depends on their preferences, if they want to be on the internet or just for private collectors and also if their seeing anyone, if your single it can be a fun way of making some money and getting a good fucking, it's up to you?."
I thought what the heck. "Go on send them my test photos".
One click by Kate and my details and photos were gone.
I had notice quite a large pile of girly magazines at the side of Kate's desk, Kate had noticed me looking and exclaimed, "Feel free, all have sets of girls taken by me in them, about half of the cover girls are also my work."
God Kate could make the girls look seductive and sexy, I exclaimed that I recognised some of her props for the sets, one was the gym where Kate had spotted me at.
I asked Kate how she got sole use.
"I know the manager, he lets me have private use as a prop for a couple of hours after normal closing, it makes it a late night but it's a real good set, He also tips me off when there is a fit young student using it, that's why I came along to see you and as soon as I saw you come out of the cold plunge showing everything through the lycra I knew you were real talent."
At which I blushed!! Another girl Kate had a shoot was in one of the pubs that had a disco floor in the centre of town.
Kate exclaimed that, "The owner was a friend, and let her shoot the flashing poses when it was open and the full strip scenes early in a morning, like five o'clock! it's not all glamorous."
I had sifted through about twenty magazines when I came across a foreign magazine and by the German text I take it was German. Kate saw me looking, "Its Laura you want to look at, it was shot in the gym, she wore a blond wig as she did not want to be recognised, she was a natural red head like you, look at her "runway" and you will see."
What made my eyes pop out was the four guys that were filling Laura's every orifice, before covering her in cum. Kate added, "It was her first time porn with guys, and she loved it, look at "the money" shots the cum oozing out of her ass, fanny and mouth."
I asked Kate, "Where did you get hung guys like that that big."
Kate replied, "You know I've sent your photos to several video makers, well I asked a return favour and the four guys volunteered their services for free, just for the fun of fucking a twenty year old, porn virgin, yes your right they are big three are eight nine inches, and the older one is well over ten inches long, mark my words Laura knew she had been fucked but loved it. It was her first time being double penetrated."
I replied, "Did she do more."
Kate came back, "She has done loads, just had a text off her this last weekend, she had flown out for a weekends shoot abroad, I was not bothered she started doing video work after that shoot, she had done twenty shoots for me, you know it's a short career, three or four spreads in a magazine and they want fresh faces and fanny."
Kate then got her diary out. "I know I'm going to get commissions for you, so how about a shoot on Thursday."
I replied. "I can do the morning when I usually do my gym session but I have a lecture at two."
Kate replied, "If we make a start by nine we will be comfortably finished by lunch, now there is just the problem of your fanny, clients like smooth fannies nowadays".
I replied. "Loose my red cuff."
Kate giggled, "It will soon grow back, should I see if Kim the beautician I use can fit you in to wax it smooth, that's her place just next door to the gym."
I smiled, "The sacrifices to be a glamour model! I usually shave but have had it waxed a couple of times."
"Don't worry Kim has waxed most of my girls, she's genital and has some lovely cream so the redness goes in just a few hours, she even does mine!!," Kate said.
With that Kate picked the phone up to Kim, "Kim I have a new girl her, she needs your usual loving treatment when can you fit her in."
I don't know what Kim had replied, but Kate said back, "Can you not fit her in before then? I could do with it as soon as possible as she has a shoot Thursday Morning."
I don't know what Kim replied but Kate said, "That's great, so if she comes over now you will fit her in before you close, it's on my tab and, O by the way she's called Lucy."
"Shit "," I have no knickers or bra, I thought I was going straight back to my flat after seeing you."
"Don't worry Kim's seen everything before, she's waxed every one of the girls I have shot, and you know where her salon is."
"Yes the one about fifty yards to the right of The Gym," I said.
"Yes that's spot on, it's on my account with her, and I will call you a taxi as she's just waiting to fit you in before closing."
I pulled my trackie bottoms on and Kammi top before my heavy student coat, Kate then pulled out a ten pound note out of her purse.
"That's for the taxi, cannot expect you to pay your own expense, I will ring you soon as I get replies to your test photos, so keep your phone handy," Exclaimed Kate.
Just then the taxi arrived, Kate came down to the taxi with me.
Kate said as I got into the taxi, "See you Thursday morning, but will speak to you before."
It only took the taxi five minutes to get to Kim's salon. Kate was right, Kim was waiting for me, her last customer, she was a woman in her forties, with dark wavy hair and a nice homely smile and looked very professional in her white coverall.
"You must be Lucy," said Kim.
"Yes", I replied.
"Don't worry, I do this all day long, it may sting a little but it soon goes, Kate has just run me ask me to give you a soft fake tan and also to do your nails, don't feel shy or embarrass, nothing wrong with showing body off like what you have," Kim said.
Kim then showed me into a back room with a couch on like you find in a doctors surgery.
Kim said, "Just strip off and lay flat on the couch whilst I put the closed sign up and lock the door."
It was only the third time I had had my fanny waxed. I then let my trackie bottoms drop to the floor and let my Kammi top fall from my shoulders on top of them.
I was just about to get onto the couch when Kim re entered with a trolley with the wax and strips.
She exclaimed, "No wonder Kate wants you to model, joy have a gorgeous glamour figure and such pert large boobs."
I smiled, "Do you think so those mornings in the gym have worked then."
"I should say so, we might be better using the chair though, it might be easier to work to get your fanny baby smooth," Exclaimed Kim.
At which Kim pulled a screen back and there was a gynaecological chair sitting there.
I had only ever seen one once before when I had a test, but Kim said, "I managed to get this beauty, I've found it relaxes my clients more as their legs are supported, and I can see every hair without getting you into uncomfortable positions".
I sat in the chair and put my feet into the stirrups, Kim then pushed on a leaver till my legs were akimbo.
"Don't be embarrass, I do at least one girl a week for Kate, nice little triangle you have!, it's about a week since you shaved."
I smiled.
"Just enough growth for the wax to get hold of," said Kim.
Then I felt the warm wax going onto the side of my labia, then the cloth, then ouch, ouch and Kim wiped the cloth and I was smooth, the final one was my little red fanny and then I was totally smooth like a babies bum.
"Not that bad was it, the price us women pay to be glamorous," said Kim.
My phone was going as I climbed out the chair, but by the time I got it out of my trackie bottoms it had gone to answer phone.
Kim, then motioned me to follower her into the room next door, the fake tan booth, it rather tickled as Kim sprayed it on, it was only a light tan, just a warming of my skin tone, Kim was good, I could not discern any streaks, only problem was I had to stand there for five minutes whilst it dried, then Kim took me back to the gynaecological chair and proceeded to put a southing cream on where my fanny had been.
As she finished Kim exclaimed, "That was not that bad was it."
I had to smile, the waxing had stung but when I saw myself in the full length mirror I was amazed how I looked.
"Put your cloths on and come through to the front and I will do your nails."
As I sat in the chair Kim asked what colour I would like, I pointed to a purple colour,
"Good Choice compliments your red hair," Kim exclaimed.
As Kim did my nails she said she often saw girls up to a dozen times for Kate, all the different sets they did for her, almost all were students doing it for the money but all enjoyed it.
Twenty minutes later and my nails were done and dry, as Kim let me out of her salon, saying, "Have fun with you shoot on Thursday."
The walk back to my flat took only five minutes, I had barely got in when my phone went, it was Kate trying again, "Told you, you would be in demand!, I have got up to now eight commissions for different sets and god your popular with the video makers six want your contact details can I give them your phone number".
I said, "Are they reputable."
"Corse they are otherwise I would not be involved with them, all have used my girls many times before."
"Go on then give them my number, I can talk to them then decide," I replied.
"Good thinking", Kate said, "O your shoot on Thursday, it's you dressed as a naught sexy French Maid, doing a strip then enjoying her fingers."
I replied. "That sounds yummy."
"See Thursday", were Kate's parting words.
As I pressed the cancel button on my phone a butterfly went through my tummy, what if someone recognised me I thought. I had no time to ponder as my phone went again, it was one of the video makers wanting to know if I would like to be included in their next shoot at the end of the month could he text me a link to watch their last shoot I said he could and I would get back to him.
Wednesday went like a bluer, I could not think about anything else apart from what I had agreed to for Thursday morning, the two lectures were a waste of time, I took nothing in, I even turned down a trip to the pub with some of my flatmates saying I was not feeling so well.
Well I woke early on Thursday morning, I don't know whether it was butterflies in my tummy or excitement, as I mentioned earlier I had always wondered what it would be like to be a nude in a magazine, was it an exhibitionist streak or satisfying a inner desire but I was starting to really looking forward to posing for Kate, I showered dried my hair and as the previous day pulled a loose top and trackie bottoms on without underwear so as to avoid lines. In no time I was ready, it was still only eight, but I thought I might as well get there, excitement was building.
Well the bus was slow, but I was ringing the intercom at Kate's by half eight, she welcomed me, "You're bright and early, not quite ready but I have your things ready for you to put on, it's themed naughty French Maid, it's what the publishers have requested and I think you will look great."
With that Kate lead me to the dressing area, laid out was white micro bikini briefs, white uplift bra and naught maids costume complete with white apron, I had lace toped holdup stocking and a pair of stilettos.
I exclaimed, "That is sexy if I say so myself."
Kate replied, "It's supposed to be alluring with sexiness, O and only a little blusher and lippy, it's the maids look".
With that Kate left me to get changed, the little knickers just covered my private bits and a little triangle across my bum, the bra was only a 36c so my boobs spilled out over the top. The dress was tight, my boobs wanting to escape from its confines and the skirt part ending just below my crotch leaving all my stockings on show, mind the stilettos and the stockings made my legs took toned and long. When I had finished I took a long look in the mirror, even if I admit it myself I looked sexy, as I finished applying a little a little pink lippy I could not help but feel a little turned on as I went back out to Kate.
"That's great, you look absolutely sexy and that beaming smile, lovely!," Kate exclaimed.
I replied, "I'm really looking forward to it now."
"I can tell, your boobs are heaving, Give me five minutes I will check the stairwell is clear as I want some shots of you on the stairs from behind and in front," said Kate.
As I sat at Kate's office chair I could not resist having another look at that set that Laura had done with the four studs, I was lost in myself looking at the picture of her being double penetrated to the hilt, the photo showing her anus and fanny stretching to accommodate the huge cocks, don't know but it turned me on.
Kate had now reappeared. "That shoot really fascinates you doesn't it?."
I smiled, "It's something about being the centre of attention for four guys, and the way she just seems to ouses sexiness."
Kate replied, "You will be doing shoots like that in no time if that's the type of work you want to do, now follow me onto the stairs and we will get your shoot underway."
With that I followed Kate out onto the stairs, she first shot me from behind, up skirt and giving a cheeky look over my shoulders, then from above of me looking up into the camera and of my bulging bust. Kate then had another idea for me to reach down and pull the gusset of my knickers to one side so she could get more up skirt shots but this time showing my smooth fanny.
After about fifty shots, she suggested we moved back into her studio, where full length shots were done, then the back and front bend over shots, then Kate instructed me first to take off the dress, and a couple of hundred shots later I was there in just bra and knickers, stockings and stilettos.
Kate then said, "We had better take a break whilst you put some dry knickers on, I take it you have enjoyed it by how damp they are."
I laughed, "Can you tell," I grinned.
"Yes", was Kate's reply.
Couple of minutes and some dry knickers late Kate started snapping me again, releasing my boobs then all the sexy poses, then finally stepping out of my knickers, resulting in the finally of me opening my lovely smooth lips, Kate remarked as I pulled them wide apart on how my clit glistened and my vagina looked so inviting.
Then she stopped and asked. "It's up to you, this publisher only wants up to what we have shot so far, if you want you can bring yourself off for orgasm shots if you want."
"Do you need to ask? if I don't cum I will explode," I said.
With that my fingers went from parting my lips to dipping into my now wet fanny before circling my clit then doing a stroking motion over it, I could feel my orgasm building, I could hear Kate saying, "Hold it, these are great pictures."
But next I felt the shudder go right through my body, one after another they ripped through me, I don't know how long I came for but Kate was down loading my Photos off her camera when I came to my senses.
"These look stunning, you are photogenic, this publisher will love this set and I know another two publications that will buy them when the exclusivity time elapses in six months especially with the orgasm shots," said Kate.
I had got my senses back enough to stand up and Kate passed me one of her "Kate's Girls Gowns" as I wandered over to her computer to view myself. I was myself a little taken aback as to how sexy and alluring I had photographed, Kate then said, "Now I have to whittle these seven hundred photos down to the one hundred that are best, it's not wistful like when I started when it was all film."
Just then the phone rang, Kate answered, and from the conversation I could make out that a publisher was wanting a set of photos quickly, could tell Kate was thinking, then she smiled at me, "I might have just the girl for you a set Kurt, she has just finished a solo set here with me and is sitting right here next to me, did I send you the test shoots of Lucy."
The reply must have been negative. "Well I will send a handful of what we have just this minute finished shooting, she could not put down that set of Laura I did for you before, can I just put you on hold a minute whist I send you the photos."
As Kate pressed the mute button and started highlighting five photos of myself to send she asked, "Have you had anal sex?"
I smiled and said, "That I had it a few times with the ex who introduced me to girly mags."
"Well how would you like to do a set like Laura, it's your big chance," Kate said.
"With the four big cock's", I exclaimed.
"Yes that's what Kurt wants," Replied Kate.
"Do you think I'm up to it," I replied.
Kate said, "From what I have just seen you will love it, you may be a little stretched, they are big cocks. I've watched you both times looking at Laura's set and this is a good chance for real cocks, Laura liked it so much, she does video most weekends now."
"Has Lucy's photos come through Kurt? They were only taken an hour ago."
He must have replied in the positive as Kate replied, "She is sat here contemplating whether to do the shoot, still nude apart from one of my robes."
Kurt must have asked Kate to pass me the phone, "Lucy you're so sexy and just what we need for a set, a true English Rose and no doubt Kate will find four handsome large cocks to service you?."
I looked at Kate. She smiled back and said, "You're a natural you will love it, you cannot stop looking at Laura's set."
I smiled again. Kate passed me the phone, "Tell Kurt your answer then".
"Yes I will do it.," I said.
"That's great and we have not finalised our cover, I will make you our cover girl for next month, an English Rose always goes down well with our punters." Kurt replied.
I handed the phone back to Kate, who ended the conversation with, "Speak to you later with set ideas Kurt."
I was aghast at what I had said I would do.
Kate said, "You will love it, you could not take your eyes off Laura's set, now you're going to be the girl, I have an idea for what you will wear, to excide the guys."
(To be continued in Chapter 2)
Kate then got me to sign the model release and paid me for that set.
Needles to say fir first set was published about a month later, one morning I got a text from Kate saying.
"Go to the newsagents and see if you recognise anyone on the top shelf."
Needles to say there I was with my boobs only covered by my hands on the cover of the publication, my heart was pounding as I pulled a copy and went to pay in case they recognise me, if they did they did not say anything, back in my room I could not wait to see which photos had been published, needless to say it gave me that excited feeling again.