Trudy stepped out of the steamy bathroom to dry. I was only half awake but the sight of her nude body perked me up. I hadn't seen her undressed for some time. She hadn't washed her hair; long, brown and wavy, it fell stylishly down to her breasts. Trudy was thin. She had square shoulders, slim waist, feminine hips and a delightful gap between her gorgeous thighs. She had modeled for online lingerie back in college.
"You are still a fine looking nude," I said wistfully.
Trudy put the towel back in the bathroom and rifled through her underwear drawer.
"It will happen again baby, I promise," she said, knowing what was on my mind. After coming back from maternity, Trudy had been absorbed in her work. Credit to them for promoting a pregnant lady, but it was a tough time for her. Work, baby, getting back in shape. Two things had gone by the wayside, breastfeeding and sex. I felt for her, I know she wanted to do both - but I felt for me, too. It's hard being married to a siren and no Longer touching.
"Wear one of the small ones, then," I said sleepily. "The set you wore in New York."
"Come on. You won't even be there to see it."
"I'll know though. It will give me hope."
With a sigh, Trudy stepped into the tiny lace underwear.
"Turn around?" I asked. I reached for my phone to take a photo of her stunning bass.
"Hey!" she frowned.
"Unbelievable ass you have," I pined. "I miss it."
"Be patient baby."
I took a photo of her front, her breasts standing firm like they always had. She didn't need a bra, but she was self-conscious of her nipples; they easily went hard in the slightest of air-con.
"Enough," she said, pulling on the matching tiny bra, then pants, shirt and jacket, flicking her hair out from the collar. A quick kiss goodbye and she whisked off to the 6am bus to the airport. Training course in Singapore; half-day Wednesday afternoon, then dinner, then half-day Thursday morning. One night away. Again. I was used to it.
-----
I dropped little George off at Trudy's mom's before work. Grandma had been a darling for a long time, allowing both of us to work by taking care of him during the day.
"He's my grandson," she said each time I thanked her, "He could come here to live with me if you'd let him."
"He virtually does."
Ten hours a day, five days a week, it really was his second home.
I worked in a small serviced office. My job was remote, I could do it from anywhere, but I didn't like to do it from home. I wanted a separation. Every Wednesday was a challenge for me, though. Stella Smith. Once a week she came in from her mobile sales role with a partner company to do her paperwork. Blonde, petite, sexy as hell. Lithe would be a good way to describe her. Years ago, when I was still engaged, we had a one-night stand. We worked at the same company back then. We had a conference in Kuala Lumpur. Group dinner, group drinks, kissing in the corner, blowjob in the cab, then a night of crazy wet sex in her room. We didn't get out of bed until lunch. Stella was wickedly dirty. Loud. Insatiable. She craved penetration. Her breasts were outrageously sensitive. It was the most tiring night of my life. Every time I saw her my memory went back to her spread-eagled on the bed with her tiny blonde muff begging to put something in her. Anything. Everything.
Time had not changed her. She was still gorgeous; she was still insatiable. Both of us had married since that night, but it didn't make any difference to Stella. I was entirely enamored by my wife, Stella was entirely indifferent to her husband. With a messy relationship at home, she seemed determined to mess up those around her.
Mine was a private office for two; she literally sat across from me. On an almost weekly basis, depending on how things were at home for her, she undid her shirt as she worked. Bra-less, her breasts were right there bobbing away as she typed. It had happened a number of times, I couldn't get her to stop it, all I could do was try and ignore her. But it was difficult. I was super horny and it was driving me crazy.
"Stella. Marriage. You know that means you shouldn't do that right?"
"No one else is here. It's just us," she said, biting her lip. "I know you like them, you sucked them all night."
I sighed. It was true. When I sucked on her tits, bruising them, it drove Stella wild. I loved it.
"Okay, fine. Leave them out. I don't care."
I have to say it was disruptive, though. Our space in the serviced offices was private, she could sit like that for hours without being seen by anyone but me. And they were superbly nice tits. Small, but perfectly shaped. Delightful nipples.
"Ah, what are you doing?" I asked. Stella had got up to stand, pushed up against the wall so no one could see in from the window.
"Stella, that's not a good idea."
"Wait. Relax. I just need your help."
She had undone her pants, pulling them down and off. Then her panties. She stood in just her shirt. This was a first.
Her pussy looked as fine as it did back then. Given the state of my sexless marriage, I was hard as hell from the sight of her naked.
"Stella..."
"I need some photos taken. Can you help me?"
"Photos?"
"Photos."
"For what?"
"Does it matter? I need some nude photos. Will you help?"
"No way I'm doing that on my phone." That would be asking for trouble.
"Use mine!" she laughed. "I need the photos. It's not for you! Here."
Stella walked to her bag to get it. Holy shit she looked fine moving around like that.
When she passed me her phone, she put her hand on my arm intimately. I glanced at the glass by the door, no one was there.
"What photos? Quick. Before someone comes."
"Like you?" she teased, gripping my hard-on through my pants.
"Marriage," I said, trying to be strong, to resist. "Both of us."
Stella stepped back to the wall, standing straight with her legs apart.
"Photos please."
"What's this for?" I asked again.
Stella didn't answer, she nodded to get started. I took a dozen shots with different expressions and at different distances. She moved around the room to pose; including up against the windows. She bent forward at the desk, showing me her pussy. She sat on her desk with her legs spread. I took photos, but kept my distance. Every time she came my way I retreated to an empty space.
"I want a close up of my pussy," she said, sitting on the edge of my desk, "With semen falling out from the inside. Can you help?"
I took a deep breath. I put her phone on her desk. I walked over, to where she was. Stella rolled the shirt off her shoulders. She was naked. I could smell her pussy juices; she was ready to mate. I picked up my laptop bag. I left.
I sent a message to Trudy from the car park.
'Landed?'
'In taxi'
'I'm going home. Wednesday again.'
'Already? Not even lunch time yet. same?'
'Same'
I'd told Trudy about Stella hitting on to me most Wednesdays. I hadn't said about the background we shared, and no way I was going to tell her how nuclear it had become, but mostly I was open with Trudy about what was happening in my life. We had a good relationship, we just had to get over this 'busy' hump. I wanted my wife back, all of her.
A new message came in.
'I got a message from HQ'
'?'
'Client call. Tonight 2am.'
'No way'
'Way'
'How you gonna do that? You have training class in morning. You'll be too tired.'
'I'll try and get out of the call'
'You should'
I went to find a Starbucks for the rest of the day with my laptop. Bloody Stella. Where was she in my college days when I spent a thousand nights wishing I had a nympho like that in my room. Why appear now when I'm married? Life was teasing me cruelly.
-----
"Trudy, I need you on that call."
"Craig volunteered. You don't need two of us. I'll take notes from him after."
"Trudy. You're the China expert, I want you there."
"I've got training in the morning. I've flown down for it."
"So does he. I'll write you both a note!"
Trudy sighed.
"I want this training. I need it."
"I'll give you coffee vouchers."
"Grrr."
There is decent free coffee in the training rooms. Vouchers were meaningless.
Craig was up from Australia. Trudy down from Hong Kong. They were both in the training.
"You heard about this call?" he asked when they were in the room before starting.
"2am!" Trudy complained.
"Stay up, or sleep then wake up?"
"Better go to sleep early and set the alarm. We have this training again in the morning."
"There's a group dinner."
"I'll leave early."
Trudy didn't drink or like drunks anyway. Her own tolerance for alcohol was terrible. She went red and fell asleep if she had a whole glass of wine.
"We need to prep the call," Craig pointed out. "Straight after this class? Before dinner?"
"Try," Trudy agreed.
-----
I picked up George and was forced to stay for dinner. I didn't mind, vegetable noodle soup was better than toasted sandwiches. By the time we got home, he was asleep on my shoulder as I walked in the house. I took a photo of us in the mirror and sent it to mom.
'Cute' she replied.
'Where are you?'
'Team dinner. Have to do the call at 2am. Couldn't escape'
'Poor baby!'
'Still haven't prepped. Course ran late.'
'Sleep early. Go now.'
'Food coming slow! No dinner yet.'
'Eat. Sleep.'
'Yes'
-----
"Craig. Come on. Fifteen minutes. We can get it done. We can't go on that call without at least looking at those numbers."
"Okay, Okay," he said. "I'll come, I'll come."
They went to Trudy's room. She had been upgraded to a suite with a dining table. They sat on one side with a laptop each.
"Shit. 10:45. I'm tired already." Trudy had been forced to drink, she was super flushed and sleepy. It took them until 11:30 to be comfortable they had enough data to hand on their screens to answer any prickly questions.
"I need to sleep," Trudy moaned.
"Too late," Craig decided. "Too close already. Gotta stay up."
"No way."
"You'll never get up if you do."
"I can't stay awake."
"Have some wine," he suggested, waving the bottle he brought up from the dinner.
"Oh god, that will put me to sleep more."
"Then have a coffee."
"No, no, I'll never get to sleep after."
"You ever take cocaine?" Craig asked, curious.
"No!"
"Well, then, we need to do something to keep you awake..."
Craig looked through all the draws of her suite.
"What are you doing?" Trudy complained.
"Looking for a pack of cards."
"Cards?"
"Playing cards."
"They're not going to have that," she frowned.
Trudy was right. They didn't.
"Come on. Let's go to my room. I have Uno cards in the side of my bag."
"Uno? That's a kid's game."
"No it's not. Come on."
"I'm tired. I wanna sleep."
"Cannot."
Craig went to her seat and lifted her to her feet.
"Oh, you're strong," Trudy said out loud. Craig took the bottle and her hand and led her to the door, taking her card-key out and walking her down the hall to the elevator. The unexpected intimacy of having her hand held gave a little tingle in Trudy's body. Craig was not only strong; he was fit looking.
Up six floors, along to the left, into his room. It was smaller. He only had a workbench, but had two chars, one either side.
"I'm not even sure I remember how to do this."
"It's not exactly hard," he told her.
They had an open-handed practice game, then a full proper one. Trudy won legitimately. It wasn't enough to keep her eyes from drooping.
"Still got two hours," she moaned. "I wanna sleep."
"Too late for that. Okay. You need something with an edge to it. Something a bit scary to keep your nerves going."
"A horror movie?"
"No," Craig grinned. "A game of strip."
"Strip? Strip what?"
"Strip Uno."
Trudy laughed.
"You're kidding right?"
"Why not? You need it. Something to get your adrenaline going."
"No way. I've never done that."
"All the more reason, no?"
"I'm married."
"So? What's that to do with it? It's a game. Mucking around. Keep you awake. You stay that side of the table; I stay over here."
"You wouldn't try and touch me?"
"Trudy, come on. You're married. We're colleagues. It is purely, entirely aimed at doing something interesting to keep us awake."
Trudy yawned.
"Okay, Okay. But you stay over there."
Craig agreed.
With shoes, Trudy had 6 things. With socks (his shoes were at the door), Craig had 5 things.
"That's fair, you're a boy," Trudy said definitively.
"Fine."
They started.
The plan worked. Both of their concentrations spiked. Attacks were brutal. Rules enforced unforgivingly. When Tracy won the first game, the plan seemed a good one. Undoubtedly, she was wide awake now, and two pieces of clothing in front. Some small interest in seeing Craig bare-chested was also in play.
"Where did you meet your husband?" Craig asked out of the blue while he dealt the next hand.
"Huh? At a barbecue. A birthday. Common friends."
"In Hong Kong?"
"Yeah."
They were playing and talking.
"He's not Chinese, though?"
"British."
"How's your folks feel about mixed marriage, Chinese and a white boy?"
"It took a while. No good at first. But he's nice to me. A good dad."
"That's good."
Playing on, Trudy eventually lost, and then again. Her shoes were gone.
"What's your situation?" she asked him.
"Huh?"
"Do you have a girlfriend? Fiancé? You're not married, right?"
"Girlfriend."
"What's her name?"
"Mable."
"What's she like?"
"Typical Aussie girl."
"White?"
"Yes."
"Oh, she must be beautiful."
Craig laughed.
"Why do you say that?" he asked.
"Oh, come on. You're not going to have some ugly girlfriend."
"Oh, you think so?"
"Yes."
They played quietly for a time. Trudy lost again.
"Shit."
"Pants or shirt?" Craig grinned.
"You stay over there," she told him.
If Trudy had ever played strip before she would have thought to take her bra off under her shirt. But she hadn't.
Craig went rock hard in his pants as his most beautiful Hong Kong colleague unbuttoned her shirt.
"Do I have to take it off?"
"Of course."
Craig was clever enough to say nothing about how stunning she looked. Her bra was tiny. They were literally two of the finest looking tits he had seen. He couldn't believe how big they could be on her small frame.
"Happy?" she asked dryly.
"Very much," was his simple reply. "You're awake right?"
Trudy looked at her watch. Still so long to go. When Craig kept losing to get off his own shirt, Trudy almost woo-ed. She hadn't really seen a guy with abs like that up close.
Trudy had pants and her underwear remaining, so did Craig.
"Have you had sex with a Chinese guy?" Craig asked as he dealt.
"What kind of sex?"
"I mean all the way. Cock in you."
Trudy sheepishly nodded.
"Is it different?" Craig asked. "Compared to a white guy? Like your husband."
"It was a long time ago. My boyfriend before was white too."
"You like western cock better?"
"I think so."
"Why?"
"Bigger," she grinned.
"Oh yeah? You like big?"
"Of course."
Trudy felt nicely in control when Craig lost his pants. All he had left was his boxers.
"What do we do if you lose again, huh?" Trudy smiled. "We still have too much time. Start again?"
"Dares."
Trudy smiled, thinking what silly thing she could make him do.
'Have you been with an Asian girl?" she asked.
"Never."
"Never had one naked?"
"You're the closest!"
"Shit!" Trudy swore, losing. With a big sigh, she took off her pants. "You better give me some of that wine."
"It's over there. By the bathroom. You want I go around, get it?"
"No, no. You stay. I'll get it."
Craig almost fell off his chair as he saw Trudy's bare backside walk across the room. From behind, her underwear was non-existent, just a lacy line across her waist. He tried to keep a lid on his excitement.
"Keep calm," he whispered to himself. It was difficult though. His boner was bursting at his underwear. Trudy was simply stunning in that tiny little lingerie set. Did she wear that all the time? Was she expecting be undressed by someone? Anyone? As a plan to keep them both awake, this was working spectacularly.
Trudy stood by the bed and drank from the bottle.
"You want some?"
"Sure."
Oh, her breasts were nearly falling out of her bra as she leaned over to pass it.
"Thank you," he said, truly grateful.
His mind away with the pixies, he lost the next hand comfortably.
"Off!" Trudy beamed.
Still sitting and hidden by the table, Craig let his erection break free. His pants dropped to his ankles and were left on the floor.
"Wow, that's long!" Trudy said out loud. She could see his tip poking up above his belly button.
Craig blushed, then picked up the cards and kept dealing.
"Keep going?" Trudy frowned. "You lost."
"We still have over an hour."
"What happens if you lose next?"
"That's up to you."
And it happened. Craig lost. The game had just become uber-serious.
"What do you want me to do?"
Trudy had already thought about it.
"Run down to the elevator and press the button."
"Are you serious? Like this?"
"Yes."
"Trudy, really? That's a bit..."
"If you don't want, it's okay. You concede. Game's finished."
"Finished?"
"If you don't do it, then I win and I don't have to take off my underwear."
"Fine."
Craig couldn't stop. He couldn't be the reason Trudy didn't take her clothes off.
He stood and shuffled past where Trudy was sitting, watching his erection bob past. For the longest time he stood naked by the front door, thinking about what to possibly say if he got caught.
Trudy was subconsciously biting her bottom lip. Craig was good looking. His body was tight, much better than her own husband. And that erection was remarkable, she had never seen a guy that size. It stood so strongly. If he went through with this, and her pants came off...
"Craig, it's okay. It's better I don't undress anyway. I'm married. Let's just stop?"
Craig sucked a deep breath. He opened the door and walked out, naked. Sprinting, he ran flat-chat to the elevator and pressed the button. Tracy poked her head out to watch. Terrifyingly the lift door opened immediately, making Craig jump and sprint back to his room. Trudy was laughing wickedly.
"What?" he asked.
"Look at you!"
"What?"
"Your cock," Trudy grinned. "It's so hard."
"What do you expect? Look at what you're wearing."
Craig moved around to his spot and dealt.
"Do white girls have big vaginas?" Trudy asked.
"I guess so."
"How can you enjoy it?" she asked genuinely. "If it's big? Guys like tight girls, right?"
"Are you tight?" Craig replied.
Trudy tried the remember the last time her husband was in her.
"I think so."
Craig forced himself to put the image of Trudy's insides out of his head and concentrate on the game. The downside of losing was tremendous compared to the upside of winning.
He lost.
"We can stop," Trudy offered genuinely.
"No," Craig said, super quickly. "What's the dare?"
"Really? You still wanna do this game?"
"Come on. I'm ready."
Trudy sighed.
"Who's your best friend?"
"What?" Craig said, not expecting that question.
"Back home. Who is your best friend?"
"I don't know. Wilson? Why?"
"Your dare is to send Wilson a nude photo of yourself."
"Oh come on. I can't do that. That's not a fair dare."
"Yes it is. And you don't have to. I'm okay if we stop."
Craig looked at her in her tiny underwear. If he did this, then lost again, it could keep getting worse. Was it worth it?
"Okay, take the photo," he said, reaching for his phone.
Tracy laughed.
"You really gonna do that?"
"Come on. Hurry up."
Craig walked over to where she was sitting. He stood right in front of her, erection in her face. As much out of curiosity as anything, Trudy reached out and gripped it. Craig gasped.
"Wow. Amazing. I can hardly put my hand around. Your girlfriend must love it."
"Leave your hand there for the photo?" he asked. Before Trudy replied, he took a photo downward, beautiful slender fingers wrapped around him. Then he moved the shot to include Trudy, in her underwear holding his bare cock.
"Okay, sent," he said.
"Show me."
Craig showed her the phone.
"Oh. You. It's got my face showing."
"He doesn't know you," Craig shrugged.
Trudy used a second hand to grip his cock, measuring its length in hands. Instinctively she tugged.
"So hard," she said. "So big. Amazing."
Craig groaned. Trudy looked up at him as she pulled on him.
"That feels nice?"
"That feels nice."
Instinctively Trudy pulled his cock horizontal and wrapped her lips around the tip. It had been a long time since she had cock in her mouth. She had forgotten how good it could feel.
Craig was ecstatic. He never expected this would happen. He leaned down to unclasp her bra at the back. Trudy let go of his cock momentarily to let it slide down and off her arm. For an age she lost herself in the thrill of tugging a man and rolling his erection around her mouth. His cock was clean, and big, and hard. She loved that she had him moaning in pleasure.
Craig couldn't control himself anymore. He reached down and pulled Trudy to her feet, turning her away from him. He put his thumbs in her pants and slid them over her ass and thighs. Trudy carefully stepped out of her underwear as they hit her ankles.
Craig pushed her forward to lean on the work table. He brought a hand around to guide his cock head to her slit from behind, urgently prodding.
"Wait. Let me do it," Trudy said.
She grabbed his cock between her legs and rubbed it back and forward, drawing her wetness from inside. When she had caked him in enough slipperiness, she guided the cock to her hole and let Craig take over.
It took an age for him to push and push, until Trudy finally opened up. Fully impaled, she saw stars. Nothing so big had been in her before.
Craig held her hips and fucked. Trudy was slopping wet, but the grip on his cock was remarkable.
"You are tight!" he yelled out, referring to their earlier conversation.
Trudy was groaning involuntarily. The cock in her was divine. All thoughts of husband and baby were gone. She leaned further forward to let him in deeper.
"Fuck me," she said without thinking, urging him to go harder.
Craig went harder.
He was fit. He was strong. He threw his energy into the cunt of the beautiful Chinese girl wrapped around his cock. She was a mother, a wife, but she didn't look like it. She was wriggling her hips and squealing like a teenage girl.
"You like it?" he puffed.
"Deeper...," Trudy begged.
"Geez," he laughed. "Come to bed."
Craig pulled out and took them to his bed. On her back, Trudy opened her legs. She watched it go in.
"How can all of that fit?" she gasped.
"It's tight, but goes all in," Craig grinned.
For the first time they kissed. They fucked and kissed. Passionately. Trudy gripped his ass. It was tight and muscly as it pumped between her legs. Nothing like her overweight husband.
"This is divine," she whispered.
"Huh?"
"Don't stop."
Craig didn't. He rolled Trudy up top and she smiled at the feeling of fucking such a handsome man. She rolled her tits on his chest, gripping his cock with her cunt as she ground up and down his massive shaft.
"Your hair tickles," he said as it fell down on to his face. Trudy didn't hear him; she was entirely overwhelmed by what was happening between her legs.
"You have a great cock," she breathed. "Your girlfriend must love fucking you."
"Your husband is a lucky man, too."
Her husband. He was nothing compared to Craig's body.
Trudy spun around to face away from him as she sat. It was amazing how deep she could get him in. And he lasted so long. She fucked and fucked and he stayed with her. By now her husband would have cum.
"Shit!"
"What?"
"Time!"
"Shit!"
Trudy pulled off.
"Our laptops are in my room. We can't dial in from here."
Craig picked up her clothes and shoes, then his. He took his phone and checked he had her room key.
"Come on."
"No way."
"Come on, its 2am."
He pulled Trudy naked into the hall and down to the elevator. She was giggling at how scary it was.
"You are crazy."
Thankfully the elevator was empty, but not unexpected at that hour. Craig held her from behind as they travelled six floors down to her level, cupping her mound, using a finger to keep her wet.
"Stop. There's a camera."
It felt like a long way to her room. It felt like it took him forever to open the door.
Inside she ran to open her screen and start the call.
"Turn off the camera!" Craig yelled.
"Shit. Yes."
That was lucky.
"Hi everyone, this is Craig and Trudy from APAC," she announced, only one minute late.
"Hi guys. Good evening! Good morning! I know it's late or early over there. Two in the morning, right?"
"Yes, yes, it's okay. We'll leave the camera off though. I don't look my best."
"Of course! Of course! Thank you for making the effort."
And so, the call began. There were a lot of details in the beginning which they needed to give, so they were super attentive and professional, albeit naked. But once the senior partner in HQ and the big bosses for the client began talking strategy, Trudy couldn't help but reach over and stroke Craig's cock. It was big and strong like he was. Not an ounce of fat anywhere on that guy. She stoked his stomach muscles, but it made him giggle; not good on a client call.
She picked herself up and moved to his lap. Facing the table, Trudy held his cock between her legs and pushed onto it. A groan escaped her throat.
"Trudy, everything okay?"
"Sorry, sorry, accidentally hurt myself. We'll go on mute til you need us."
"Okay."
When they were sure their microphone was off, Tracy leveraged the table to lift herself up and down his cock, Craig helping by gripping her hips.
"You're tight, but not small. It can all fit, hey?"
"I've had a baby, remember."
"Natural birth?"
"Yes. Went out through where you are now."
"No wonder. It's a nice cunt though."
"Thank you."
They were called in a few more times to contribute, and had to be careful not to sound like they were attached at the pelvis. At 2:50 it was done.
"Goodnight! Thank you!"
"Come on, bed," Trudy said. "It's late, and we need to be in the training soon."
She took his hand and brought Craig in under her sheets. He crawled on top of her, pushing her legs open.
"Ah, you're not done?" she sighed sleepily, then moaned loudly as the cock went back up her. They kissed like lovers as he fucked her madly, his pelvis pounding her mound.
"Shit. Craig. I'm gonna...you're getting me. Oh shit!"
Trudy arched her back and her whole spine went electric. Next door would have heard her scream. It had been a long time since she had done that from a cock.
As she came down from her high, she could feel the juices shifting inside her and leaking out between her vagina and Craig's cock.
"Oh god. Wow. Is that me leaking or you?"
"Me," Craig smiled.
"You came?"
He nodded happily. Shit, Trudy thought. He came in me. Going home pregnant wasn't ideal.
"Okay. Sleep," she said as Craig pulled out and wrapped in behind her. Her pussy gurgled and semen tickled as it leaked over her leg down to the sheets. Trudy fell asleep blissfully.
-----
Trudy woke to a mouth at her nipple. For a moment she wasn't sure where she was, or who it was.
"Craig. What are you doing?" she asked sleepily.
"Your tits are magnificent. We didn't spend any time on them last night."
Trudy closed her eyes and purred. It felt nice.
"You're wet," Craig said, fingering her.
"Come on. Fuck me."
She opened her arms and welcomed Craig on top of her.
"Wow, that went in easy," he teased her.
"You made me bigger."
"Feels nice though. You've got a wonderful cunt."
"Fuck it," she told him.
Neither of them came again, but it was a long wonderful piece of wild, slamming intercourse. Trudy adored how handsome and fit he was. Craig's first piece of Asian tail was just as impressive to him.
"Breakfast or shower?" Craig put to her, looking at the time on his phone. "We don't have time for both."
"There'll be snacks in the room. Let me wash you."
Her shower cubicle was nicely sized for two. She adored touching his body, and being touched by him. She stroked his cock hard and got on her knees. She could only get the top half into her mouth before choking.
"Goes to show how big your cunt is," Craig pointed out, lifting her and turning her to show it could all fit between her legs.
He had to go back to his room to change once they were out of time. Trudy put on a dress. She found Craig downstairs and pulled him into an unused room on the training level. She lifted the dress to let Craig see she left her panties in her bag.
"What time is your flight home?" he asked.
"Eight. You?"
"Midnight. But I can come to the airport with you."
Alone, they hugged and kissed, Craig's hand in on her bare ass.
"Fuck at lunch?" he offered.
"We have to check out by midday."
"I'll ask for a late check out for my room. Clear yours out and come over to mine."
"Okay," she said, checking no one was looking as they ducked back out of the unused room.
Trudy was super tired all morning. After only a few hours' sleep, she struggled to keep her eyes open through the training. As they broke at 11:45 the trainer pulled her and Craig over.
"Message from Lynne. You two were on a call til 3am? So, you've both been given a 6pm check out. You can have a rest through lunch."
"Thank you."
"And if you want, I can give you guys a break. The exercise after lunch you can do online, I'm giving a session over WebEx this time next week for the small offices."
"We can finish now?" Trudy asked.
"If you want. You've been yawning the whole morning."
"Thank you," Craig said. "I'm knackered. We'll get our stuff."
"I'll email you the WebEx link for next week," the trainer said.
-----
In the elevator they were in with other people so they behaved. Craig grinned fiercely. What luck. He got out at Trudy's floor.
"Pack everything up and come to my room?"
"Okay."
As soon as they got in the door, Trudy's phone rang.
"Shh. My husband. Let me take it."
Craig nodded.
"Hi baby. How are you?" Trudy said brightly.
"I'm okay, how about you? Did you do your two o'clock call?" I asked.
"I did."
"How are you? Sleepy?"
"Super sleepy."
"But you got up in time for your training?"
"Yep."
"You poor thing."
Behind Trudy, Craig took off his trousers and underwear.
"Do you stay up til two, or go to bed first?" I asked
"I was in bed for a little while before the call," Trudy said truthfully. "But wasn't easy to sleep."
"Well, yeah, it was a big client call, yeah?" I said.
Craig lifted Trudy's dress up to her waist. He rubbed his hardening clock over her bare ass.
"It was," she said. "How's George?"
"Fine. Kept asking why mommy wasn't home, why we had to have dinner at Grandma's."
"You ate there?"
Craig kicked Trudy's legs open and used two fingers to pull wetness from inside her pussy, spreading her slime up and down her slit.
"You're wet," he whispered at her free ear.
"Yeah. Healthier and easier than me doing it," I said. "You still leaving late? 8pm?"
"Yes, the training runs til 4."
"How are you going to make it through awake?"
"I have late check out so I can lay down for an hour now during lunch."
Craig pulled his cock in between Trudy's legs. He pushed her top half forward to give him better access to her cunt. Trudy moved her hips to let him slide inside. He started slowly fucking. So did Trudy. She pushed back against the force inside her, and rolled her hips sensually.
"So you gonna go back to bed for a while?" I asked.
"Yes," Trudy answered, trying not to give any hint of vaginal ecstasy in her voice.
"You won't be home til after 1am," I said. "Maybe in the morning I'll take George to the pool. Let you sleep."
"You are a darling," she said truly.
"What about the rest of the day? Nothing planned, right? Take George to see a movie?"
"He's too young. I keep saying that," Trudy complained. "He'll get scared in there in the dark."
Craig was silently pumping Trudy, fast. Trudy was dripping wet; they could hear her squelch on each stroke. Her head was beginning to spin. It had been so long since she had let a cock in her. Craig had burst her damn. All she could think of was cock. His big, long, strong cock.
"He'll be fine. Try," I said.
"Baby...do you mind we speak later...I need, to, go into bed."
"Are you okay?" I asked.
"I feel a bit...light-headed. Bed. Speak later. Okay?"
Craig lifted her upright, pulling the dress up over her head. Undoing the bra, he tossed it away, gripping her tits as handles and slamming at her from behind.
"Trudy, you there? What's that noise?" I asked.
"Air-con is old, noisy. Baby, let me get into bed. We'll speak after?"
"Do you want me to call you in an hour to wake you?"
Craig was fucking the shit out of her. Trudy was in heaven.
"What?" she said.
"Do you want me to give you a wakeup call?" I asked.
"No. You...go. I'm fine. Just need to...get into bed. Fuck."
"Fuck?"
"Please baby. I'll call you from the airport."
"Okay, Okay. I love you. You take care."
"I love you too."
Trudy hung up. She put the phone down and held the hands that were holding her breasts.
"How can that feel so good?" Trudy moaned.
"Your husband doesn't feel like this?"
"Your...fuck. It's...unbelievable we are doing this."
Trudy closed her stance to squash her vagina onto his cock, to really feel his presence inside her.
"Please, make me cum again," Trudy begged.
"On camera?" Craig thought to ask.
"Okay," Trudy panted, her mind in a haze of sexuality. Craig set up his phone on the high bench by the TV, hit record, then took up Trudy's challenge. He did everything he could, everything he'd ever learned. He watched for her signals. Sucking her tits got him closer. Fingering her ass took him back. Putting a hickey on her neck drove her into a frenzy. But his tongue in her ear tickled.
What really got Trudy going was to put her on her back, fuck her, then pull out to go down and suck her cunt, then up to fuck her, down to suck her, back up to fuck her, over and over. The taste of her own pussy on the kisses Craig gave her drove Trudy crazy. The fingering he gave as he sucked made her pull his hair hard. Back and forth he went until she was begging him to leave his cock in her. Then he slam-fucked her. As she hit her orgasm, Trudy let out a blood-curdling scream that Craig worried would be heard by some colleague in the hall or in another room. She was yelling out Craig-Craig-Craig-I'm-cumming-Craig-I'm-cumming.
"So am I baby," Craig yelled out. He couldn't hold on any longer. He pasted her insides white.
"Holy shit, you're a good fuck," he told her after pulling out and lying next to her. "No wonder people rave about fucking Asian chicks."
"You came in me?" Trudy panted.
"Yeah."
"I can feel it leaking out."
Craig went over and picked up his phone to move the video, to see his sperm leaking from her.
"Open your legs?"
Trudy opened. White gunk dribbled from her, mixed in with her cunt juices. He slowly ran the video over her body to her face.
"How's your fuck, Trudy?"
"I loved it," she said genuinely, smiling.
He turned off the video then sucked at her breasts. He branded her with a hickey, right near her nipple to match the huge one on her neck. They held and kissed and touched, reveling in each other's nudity.
"Hungry?"
"Starving," Trudy nodded.
Craig ordered in.
"If it's a guy, you do it naked, I'll be under the sheet. If it's a girl, I'll open the door, you stay under. Deal?"
"You are crazy. You do these weird things with your girlfriend?"
They fondled until it came.
Doorbell, then in a male voice, "Room Service".
"You're up baby," Craig grinned, getting into the bed, sheet over his cock.
"Do I have to?"
"Come on. He doesn't know you. Will never see you again."
Trudy went to the door. The guy, bless him, took it in his stride. The smell of sex in the room was overpowering, Trudy's pubic hair was glistening wet and her tits were obscenely bruised but all he did was nod his head and say, "You are very beautiful ma'am," on the way out.
"Wow, That was less dramatic than I thought," Trudy admitted.
Craig used Trudy's pussy to dip his chips and feed them to each of them. He dipped his cock in the gravy bowl that came with his spring chicken and watched Trudy suck it all off.
They ate, talked, laughed and drank a beer each. Craig got hard enough to force back in her from behind as he curled in behind her in the bed. Exhausted, they fell asleep, cock in cunt.
When Craig woke it was late afternoon, the sun was low in the sky. Trudy was gone.
She left a WhatApp message, complaining about how to hide a breast-hickey from a husband? She added a photo.
"You are a fine nude woman Trudy Chan," he said to the empty room.
He dressed and went to his own room, then checked out on behalf of both rooms just on 6pm. His flight was not til midnight but he went straight to the airport on the off-chance Trudy hadn't boarded her plane.
-----
"I was hoping you might get here," Trudy said as she saw him looking through the airport shops for her.
He ran in to hold her. They kissed like boyfriend and girlfriend, tongues dancing. His hand went up the back of her dress.
"No panties," he smiled.
"I told you I hoped you'd come in time."
"When is your boarding?"
"Delayed to 8:40."
"Wow. An hour twenty."
"Are you going to fuck me again?" Trudy asked.
"Yes. But where?"
Trudy pulled out her phone.
"Google says Aerotel Hotel at Terminal 1," she said.
"It's near?"
"Around there somewhere."
It was easy to find. They had to book a minimum block of six hours, even though they could only stay for one, but who cared, right? They got a tiny little private room with a bed and a curtain. They got a 'wake-up' service for 8:30, just in case.
"Thank god you're going back to Australia," Tracy said quietly as Craig lifted her dress over her head.
"Why?" he smiled.
"I'm married. I have a young son."
"You wouldn't know it to look at you," he said, undoing the bra and holding her tits in his hands. Trudy undid and pulled off his bottoms, holding and gripping his bare cock in her hands as he fingered her nipples. Trudy dropped to her knees and rubbed that beautiful erection all over her face.
"I thought I wouldn't have this again," she smiled, opening her mouth to take it in, bobbing her head and stroking his shaft.
"Geez, you know how to suck cock," he groaned. When Trudy squeezed his balls, it was all he could do not to cum too early.
The bed was too noisy and the door just a curtain so Craig stood Trudy up against the wall to fuck the shit out of her - as quietly as they could. Only after he came in her did they climb into the bed to hold each other intimately, kissing and touching. Craig dotted hickeys all over her tits, but it didn't matter. Hiding one or hiding seven wasn't any different. It was the baby that was probably on the way inside her that was more concerning. She would need to see a doctor, quickly. The next day.
Trudy coaxed one more fuck from her colleague before the lady came in to say time - confronted by an eyeful of Trudy sitting on cock. Craig tried hard to cum in her a last time but he was spent.
In a rush, she put on the dress with nothing under.
"Hey, I'm keeping this bra."
"No, no, no. That's my husband's favorite. Can't take that."
"I need a souvenir."
"That video is souvenir enough."
Craig smiled. "Yeah, my mates are going to love watching that."
"Just don't show it to anyone who knows me!" Trudy warned.
"I won't, I won't."
"Okay bye," Trudy said, coming in to kiss him.
"See you when?"
"On WebEx, next Friday," Trudy quipped.
"Come on, you know what I mean. Like this."
"Regional conference?"
"That's months away," Craig complained.
"Craig. I'm married. I have a son. Either wait until we go to Regional, or don't do it again."
"Okay, so I can fuck you when we're at Regional?"
"Yes, please," she smiled.
"You'll stay in my room?"
"I'd love to," Trudy grinned. The sudden image of being in his hotel room with her pants off for a week gave her goosebumps. "And I won't bring pajamas."
"Or underwear."
"Okay," she said kissing him adoringly.
"Okay, fine. You better go."
With one last heavy kiss and tug on his shaft, Trudy dashed off to board.
-----
True to my word, I let Trudy sleep late, taking George out to the pool with another dad who had a little girl in the same playgroup.
When we got home, Trudy was up, and in a good mood. I didn't even notice the makeup on her neck covering a bruise. George was delighted to see mommy and Trudy was genuinely thankful for the help I gave to look after home while she was away.
"You are a good man," Trudy said kissing me. "I've been thinking."
"Yeah? About?"
"Sex."
"What about it?" I asked suspisciously.
"Hmmm, I might have more interest if we do a deal."
"What are you talking about, a deal?"
"After George was born I went to a lot of effort to get my body back. Get my shape back."
"You did. It looks great."
"Right, so, here's my deal. If you can get fitter, I can make more effort, too."
"Fitter?"
"I'll make a deal with you."
"What deal?"
"If you lose thirty pounds, I'll do anything you want."
"Thirty pounds?"
"And in return, we can leave George with mom for a trip just us two, and you can do whatever you want to me."
"Whatever I want?"
"Whatever you want."
"So you'll get naked and fuck yourself with a piece of corn in a supermarket on the checkout on all fours?"
"Yes."
"And all I have to do is lose thirty pounds."
"Yes."
"We go away for a week?"
"4 days."
"5 nights," I countered.
"5 days."
"Done. I'll book it now."
"Relax," Trudy laughed. "Get started on your diet first. You don't know how long it will take."
"It won't take long, don't worry."
We kissed, in a way that we hadn't in a long time.
"You're gonna come back to me?" I asked warmly.
"I want cock in me again," she said gently, "But I wanna fuck a fit man. Strong. Solid. Heathy."
"Ah, the sort that can fuck you all night?"
Trudy blushed. "Yes. Just that sort."
"Baby, you got a deal!"
Tracy smiled, nodded and ruffled my hair.
"We might make a good husband out of you yet."
-----