First let me apologize for taking so long with Part II. My real job (not nearly as much fun as this fantasy job) has been super busy.
Sharon has already lost her clothes, eaten her best friend and roommate, and sucked a few dicks. If you want to know how Sharon got this naked (totally) and into this mess read Part I.
***
"Time to get you started, Sharon. I have hair and make-up waiting for you. Then the doctor is on his way and the nurse is getting things ready." I took her arm and led her out the office door. No problem in the hallway but she hesitated when I opened the outside door. She protested going outside naked. "This is a porn studio. Nobody will probably even notice, much less care, if you're naked. Come on."
I led her out the door and across the street. We ran into a few people, all of whom I knew, of course. After a few hellos and introductions Sharon was blushing head to toe. She calmed a little when we walked into the next building. In the make-up room, I told her to get in the chair. The chair was just a little too high, making her climb into it. Half way up, as her cunt was wide open, Melissa the hair dresser, walked in.
She whistled at the sight in front of her. "Nice pussy! Do we want it bare or just trimmed up, Adam?" I told her just a nice trim and see if we can darken up those nipples a little. She helped Sharon up into the chair and spread her legs. Unlike Sue and her shave in the tropics (Yvonne with Sue's Tropical Adventure), our chairs have high stools for feet to rest on. Melissa positioned Sharon with her legs spread wide as she examined her twat. "Nice lips you got here, girlfriend." She stroked up both sides with her fingers. "Let me just clean up the hair around her slit and she'll look great."
With a quick slap on Sharon's bush Melissa grabbed her tools. First came a quick buzz cut of the lips with the clippers. She lingered with the body of the clippers over the clit sending vibes through Sharon. Her nipples started to stiffen. Melissa pinched each nipple in turn while she worked the clipper body up and down. Sharon's eyes closed, and I signaled her tormenter.
Melissa stroked a finger along the slit then slid one, two, then three fingers in. She slid her thumb up to the clit. With the vibrations from the clipper transmitted through the thumb Sharon started to breath deeper. Just before she could come three stage hands walked in. Sharon almost jumped out of the chair, but Melissa held her in place. "Come on, girl. Have a good one for us. Pinch your nipples; pull on them." I cheered her on. I told her to open her eyes and look at me. She slowly opened one eye. "I love to watch; pull those nips." Sharon slowly opened the other eye.
"Keep it up, Melissa. Sharon, look at me and let's hear some reaction." Melissa did a great job; Sharon, not so much. She tried but sounded pitiful. "Look at me. Imagine these three guys are fucking you. Come on, guys, move in for a good look. Play with her tits. Let's see some pleasure, Sharon." Melissa dug in working and her victim started to come around, pun intended. Her breathing got slow and deep. "Make that breath a moan." She finally did and it sounded great. At last! With a deep moan and an almost scream she came.
Sharon collapsed in the chair, exhausted and Melissa finished shaving her lips. I helped Sharon up and led her to the door. Outside again we crossed the lot to a door marked "CLOSED SET: DO NOT ENTER" I stood her next to the door (in line with a security camera). "Stay right here. I'll be right back." I slipped in the door. Just inside was the security desk, with the monitor for the camera outside. Sharon seemed like she wanted to bolt, but had nowhere to run. It looked like she was ready to die of embarrassment. Several people, men and women, talked to her. One girl even pinched her left nipple. I wish I could hear the conversations, but I sure enjoyed the silent movie!
I left her out there about fifteen minutes looking like she was on the verge of tears. "Sorry I took so long, Sharon. Let's get moving. The doctor will be waiting." I led her to the next soundstage. The same three stagehands were working at one end of the soundstage. They started to follow us across the room. "Get back to work, guys. You can watch the fun later." I told them. I led Sharon to an exam room set we have and the doctor was waiting. He's semi-retired OB-GYN we have on call. He was very professional; took a full medical history, did a breast exam, and called for the nurse.
The nurse was one of our porn actresses, Nancy, who is an actual nurse and a real exhibitionist. She walked in wearing her nurse's 'uniform'; white shoes and stockings with an old-fashioned nurse's cap, and nothing else. Sharon's eyes went wide. "Hello, nurse. Please get her ready for the exam." The doctor said. I signaled the stagehands to come over to watch.
Nurse Nancy settled onto a stool between Sharon's legs, her face at pussy level. She put on a pair of exam gloves and picked up a jar of lube. In one stroke she slid three lubed fingers into Sharon's pussy. She worked her hand around stroking in and out. Finally Nancy circled her thumb around Sharon's clit. Nancy stroked faster and faster while the stage hands cheered her on. Sharon tried to push Nancy's hand away but I stopped her. "You need to get used to it, girl. This business is all about getting off. So stop fighting and enjoy it."
Well, she didn't really enjoy but she did settle down; until. Nancy kept working on Sharon's clit while the stagehands watched. Nancy circled Sharon's clit faster and faster and pinched her nipples with her free hand. Despite herself, Sharon started to react. Her face flushed and her breath came in gasps until she came with a low scream.
"She's all ready for you, Doctor." Nancy said. She stood up from the stool and the Doctor took her place with a tray of tools. He got to work and inserted a vaginal speculum. Sharon gasped when the speculum spread her open. I signaled the stagehands who then moved around to get a better look. Nancy walked around to the head of the exam table. While the Doctor performed a very professional exam; PAP smear, etc. Nancy had a very different idea.
Nancy moved to the head of the exam table and lowered it all the way down. This put Sharon's head at her pussy level. She straddled Sharon's head and settled onto her mouth. "Get to work, girl. This is payment for my nursing work." I couldn't see much of Sharon's face but what I could see did NOT look happy. Nancy played with her own nipples as she rode Sharon's face to a loud orgasm. She got off and kissed Sharon as the doc finished up.
I helped Sharon off the table. "I'm getting hungry, dear. Let's get something to eat. We have a great cafeteria. You'll love it!" The look she gave me did not look like love but she seemed resigned to her fate. We walked into the cafeteria and saw a crowd and lights in one corner. A crew was shooting a Gang-Bang video, giving me another idea. I sent Sharon to the serving line and talked to the director.
I grabbed some food and joined Sharon at a table. We ate in silence while we watched the filming. Sharon had just finished her sandwich when the director came over to our table. "Hi, Adam. We need some help over here with this shoot." I asked him what he had in mind. "Well, we got 6 guys over here and Betty can only handle 4 at a time; one each in her pussy and mouth. What we need is a fluffer to keep the extra guys hard. Can we borrow your friend?" He wanted have Sharon suck some dicks; GREAT idea!
"Sure. She could use the practice and I have a phone call to make." The director led her away and I got my phone out. I called my beautiful wife Erin and told her what was going on. Erin had known Sharon in college. She hadn't tried to get into Sharon's pants like I had, but she had known Sharon as a real bitch and loved the idea of revenge. Erin reminded me that we were hosting a dinner party tonight and we hatched the next part of our plot.
We're going break here but stay tuned for Part III, fun with Sharon back at our house.