This is part 6 of my Journal. I started writing it when I made a bold decision to change my life. I left my dull existence in North Wales and went to work as a Housekeeper for a man in the East Midlands of England. It is a decision that I will never regret. I have never been so happy and never had so much pleasure.
Vanessa
Sunday August 30
When I got up Vicky was already in the shower so I joined her and we soaped each other. She asked me why I had a little tuft of hair at the top of my pussy so I told her about the hair-removing machine that Jon had bought. She wants to know how we get on as she says that she still has to make the effort each morning to shave hers and sometimes doesn't do it when she gets up late. She said that like me, the 'itching' had long gone and she now hated it when she had a bit of stubble.
We all had breakfast together, reading the papers, all 3 of us in the nude. Jon got to one article in the 'News of the World' about women wrestlers and said that the 3 of us should set-up a little 'Women's Nude Wrestling' business. He thought about it for a few minutes then said,
"No, it should be a 'School Girls Cat Fight' with you both starting out dressed as school girls then ripping each others clothes off as you fight, and ending up naked and trying to force each other to orgasm. That should get a few boners and bring in the money."
He said that with our liking of pain as long as we kept our cool we should have a good time. Vicky didn't sound too keen, but I rather fancy the idea.
After breakfast Jon decided that we would be doing something different that day. I discovered a side of Jon that I had never seen before, we went looking round museums - all day. Not exactly what I enjoy, but! At least the evening was more interesting, we went into town to a lively American style eating house cum pub. Even though Vicky and me were only wearing short dresses we didn't attract much attention as just about all the young girls in there were wearing outfits just as short. When we got home I made us some coffee and Jon fell asleep on the sofa, so Vicky and me went to bed together and went to sleep after a pleasurable 69.
Vicky hadn't gone home on the Sunday evening because the Monday was a National Holiday.
Week commencing August 31
Monday - Jon asked us that we would like to do and as it was a sunny day we decided to go on a bike ride. We loaded Jon's 3 bikes onto the roof rack of the car and went up into the Dales. Vicky didn't know about the bike with the hole in the saddle and I was glad that Jon remembered to bring the butt plug with him. Vicky wanted to wear my white shorts but I wouldn't let her. She didn't understand why not and I wouldn't tell her, other than to say that she would understand later. In the end she wore a light cotton short dress and I wore my tennis dress.
We drove up into the dales and parked the car in a little village. Jon had remembered to bring a spanner to adjust the seat height for Vicky. She thought that it was a bit high for her so I said,
"just you wait."
We set off at a slow pace with Vicky and me having the backs of our dresses hanging over the back of, and pussies bare to the saddles. It wasn't long before Vicky was happy that she was having to slide from side to side on the saddle. Jon hadn't put the butt plug in the hole in the saddle in my bike so when we stopped for a rest I asked him if he would put it in. Vicky's only comment was
"now I understand."
It took me a couple of minutes to get back on the bike and ready to move off, but once we got going it was good.
After we stopped for lunch at a pub Jon told us to swap bikes. I suppose it was fair but I was a little disappointed. We'd noticed a couple of men looking at the bikes (well the one with the butt plug sticking through the saddle) and as it was a man's bike I guess they were looking for a man that belonged to it; and you should have seen their faces when Vicky slowly lowered herself onto it.
We rode for about another 5 miles back to the car before heading for home and then taking Vicky home. I think that Vicky was ready for the rest when we got to the car, she said that she had had 3 orgasms on that saddle. When we got to her flat she invited us in for a coffee. No sooner than we had got in Vicky excused herself and came back a couple of minutes later without her clothes on. It seemed a little strange having Vicky as the only one without clothes on.
Back home Jon sent me to bed before going to work on his PC.
Tuesday - Jon went away on a training course for the rest of the week which meant that it was a boring few days, except that the Tesco girl rang for a chat on the Wednesday afternoon and asked if we could meet up. I invited her (Bridie) to Jon's house on the Friday afternoon which was her day off.
Friday - When she arrived Bridie seemed a little surprised to have me answer the door naked and she was nervous as she explained (over a cup of tea) that she had never been with another woman before. She seemed pleased when I told her that until a few months before I had never even thought about it and the thought of being naked in a supermarket toilet would have had me crawling into a corner and wanting to die. Bridie admitted that she was 'bi-curious' but didn't know how to take it any further. She relaxed a bit when I told her that I don't consider myself to be a lesbian but I like sex with certain other women.
I got her to tell me all about her other 'experiences' while we progressed to vodka and orange drinks. She's only 16 and only left school a few months ago. She doesn't have a boyfriend at the moment and still lives with her parents. It wasn't long before she was asking me what it was like to be naked most of the time and I suggested that she tried it. She stripped to her bra and knickers which were a lovely red lacy set but she didn't want to go further. When I got another drink I stood behind her and massaged her neck for a while before moving down to her small pert, cone shaped young breasts. She has lovely nipples in the centre of small dark brown aureoles. As I lightly let my finger drift over her nipples they jumped to attention and she gasped. She asked me to undo her little bra then she stood up and asked if we could go somewhere more comfortable.
I led her up to Jon's room and motioned for her to lie on the bed. I started kissing her all-over as she moaned and rolled her head from side to side. When I got down to her stomach she seemed to tense a little as my hand gently drifted over her still knicker-clad pussy. She surprised me when I stopped and looked at her and she said that she had followed my example. When I asked her what she meant she asked me to take her knickers off.
She has this beautifully smooth bald pussy, not a hair anywhere, but her lips were very swollen and her juices were over-flowing. I started kissing her stomach and thighs before really eating her. She certainly had been anticipating that moment because it didn't take very long for her to have an orgasm accompanied by screams of 'yes', 'yes.' I lay next to her up on one elbow looking at her lovely 16 year old body. I can't remember mine looking that good 6 years ago. Very slim, very blonde and with a smooth medium tan coloured skin.
All of a sudden Bridie brought my day-dream to an end by saying that that was the first time that anyone had ever done that to her and she asked if she could try to do it to me. After asking if any of her boyfriends had ever eaten her (no was the answer) I told her that she could only do it to me if she knelt either side of me and we did a proper 69. She was a real natural even down to the pulling of my clit with her teeth and pushing her tongue into my hole. I took my time and had a good look at her young pussy. Her clit isn't as big as mine but she smelt and tasted really good.
Bridie came before me and the intensity made her bite my clit quite hard. That triggered me and I came shortly after her. We both collapsed and lay there for a few minutes before talking for hours. I told her all about Jon and me and she told me that she was a late developer and had only really reached puberty about 2 years ago; and that she was still a virgin.
She has quite an imagination but says that she is too shy to let any boys get further that a snog and a grope. Besides, her parents are very strict and she always has to be in quite early. I was just thinking about how I could help her when the bedroom door flew open and Jon walked in. He was furious and demanded to know what was going on. Bridie was frightened, and was trying to cover herself. Jon told her to keep quiet and keep still and that no harm would come to her. She seemed to relax when I told her that it was true, Jon would not hurt her, he's not like that.
I explained everything to Jon and he calmed down. He asked Bridie if she was all right and told her to relax and stop being so shy. I put my arm round her and asked her and Jon if they would like a drink which I then went and got. When I got back Bridie was laughing so Jon must have said something to make her feel comfortable. She had even stopped trying to cover her nakedness.
We all went down to the lounge and I left them talking while I went and put dinner on. While we were eating (us 2 girls still naked) Jon told me that I was going to be punished for using his bed without asking him. He asked Bridie if she wanted to watch and after we had finished we all went up to the 'punishment' room. Bridie looked a little stunned by all the equipment there and just stood in silence as Jon restrained me spread-eagle face down on the bed.
Jon then told Bridie that he frequently administered punishment in the nude and would she mind if he took his clothes off. She didn't say anything but I could see her shake her head indicating 'no' she didn't mind. He took his clothes off and I watched Bridie's eyes follow his soft dick as he got the tawse from where it was hanging on the wall and gave me the first stroke.
I could tell when it was going to land on my backside by the expression on Bridie's face. As usual I said,
"One - thank you master" and waited for the next one.
By the time I had got to
"Ten - thank you Master"
Bridie was relaxing and even enjoying it. She was licking her lips and one of her hands was stroking her stomach and the front of her pussy. There was a pause after the first 10 as Jon moved to get a better position and then the 11th one landed partially on my right cheek and partially on my pussy. The second and last 10 all hit my pussy and by the time I had said,
"Twenty - thank you Master" the tears were rolling down my cheeks and I was quite well lubricated.
Jon untied me and as I was getting up I could see Bridie really going at herself. Jon had sat on a chair and his erection was pointing to the ceiling, Bridie still staring at it. Jon motioned for me to go over to him and he pulled me down onto his lap, my back to his front, my legs outside of his and his dick lost inside me. He told me to finish myself off as Bridie continued to stare at us.
Needles to say all 3 of us came - can't remember in what order. When Jon finally lifted me off him he looked at Bridie and asked her if she would like a go at either the punishment, or the fucking. I guess that she wasn't ready for it because she said,
"no".
Jon replied with "maybe next time."
Jon and Bridie got dressed and we drove her home, me still in the nude in the back of the car. It was a good job that it was dark by then. As she got out of the car Jon asked her if she would like to go out with us the following night. She said yes and we agreed to pick her up at 8:00 p.m.
Saturday September 5
I woke up with a sore backside and pussy. Late morning someone came to the door and Jon told me to wait upstairs until he called me. It was a conservatory salesman and Jon had done a deal with him to build one at the back of the house.
When Jon called me into the room the man didn't look as surprised as I would expect him to be when a naked young woman walked into the room. It turned out that Jon had told him that his housekeeper usually walked around the house naked and that it was to be part of the contract that the workmen could look but not touch. If this condition were broken then they would not get paid for the job. The poor man could not take his eyes off me and Jon used that fact to get an extra discount. The job was to start the week after next.
That afternoon we went shopping in town. Jon had me wear my long wrap-around skirt and short baggy crop top. We went to the nice dress shop where Kelly worked but the girl assistant told us that Kelly had left and gone to work in Nottingham. The new assistant was nice but didn't seem that friendly, just polite. We had a look at a few dresses and skirts but Jon didn't like any of them so we moved on.
We went into a shoe shop and Jon bought himself a pair of shoes. While he was doing that he told me to try a few pairs on. Needless to say he told me to get a male assistant and to make sure that he got an eyeful of my pussy. It was quiet easy in the wrap-around skirt, just a case of letting it fall open.
Poor lad, he just didn't know where to look. It was obvious where he wanted to look but he was just too shy to have a good look and he just kept having quick looks. I made eye contact with him and smiled and said,
"it's okay to look" but he still kept on with the quick looks then looking away.
From there we went to the 'Private' shop and had a good look at everything. Jon bought a vibrating egg and some leather straps that he wouldn't let me look at, said they were going to be a surprise. After that we went home and had some tea. Later Jon told me to put a short cotton dress on and we went and collected Bridie. I went to the door while Jon waited in the car.
As Bridie got into the car Jon complimented her on her outfit. She looked great in a smart red dress with stockings and suspenders (as I found out later). Bridie asked Jon where we were going but he would only tell us that it was a surprise and one that would make her nervous to start off with, but she was to trust us.
We drove to a Leisure Centre in Mansfield called Water Meadows. Bridie said that she hadn't planned on going swimming and hadn't brought a costume. By that time I had realised what was going on, but didn't say anything. Jon told Bridie not to worry and that everything was taken care of. After Jon had paid our money and we entered the changing area Bridie just stopped dead in her tracks. After a few seconds she said,
"They've got no clothes on, what's going on?"
Jon told her that it was a 'naturist swim' and no one wore clothes at those. It took a couple of minutes to persuade Bridie to strip off with us and she looked great as she slowly took her clothes off. Needles to say Jon and me were naked within seconds. Bridie came out with statements like
"Everyone's looking at me" and "Everyone can see that I've shaved my pussy."
She said that she'd only ever seen naked people on the television (apart from Jon and me the previous day) and that no one had seen her naked since she was a little kid, not even her parents.
She started to relax a bit when she realised that everyone was just getting on with getting out of their clothes and into the pool. She also commented on the fact that there were other people with no pubic hair and that no one seemed to be taking any notice of them. Jon told her that they were just there to have good relaxing natural swim enjoying the lack of restrictions and inhibitions of clothes.
As we walked out into the swimming area Bridie was trying to cover herself and she just stood there for a couple of minutes watching all the naked people of all ages from babies to pensioners just doing what people normally do in a swimming pool. There's not a lot at that Leisure Centre but we had a good time. Bridie managed to relax and enjoy herself apart from the times that men were following her up the stairs to the water slide. With their heads at her pussy level she was still self-conscious. In the end I sat on the side of the pool with my legs open wide and no one took a blind bit of notice so I managed to get her to do the same, but only for a few seconds.
We went up into the sauna and steam room suite and spent a bit of time there. Bridie had never been into a sauna, a steam room, nor a spa before. In there I whispered in Bridie's ear that it was good having sex in a spa and she whispered back 'chance'. I then told her that I was sure that I could arrange something, but not there as there were too many people. It was great being able to walk around and swim in the nude with lots of other people doing the same. So relaxing and natural. Non of the sexual excitement of being naked or semi-naked when everyone else has clothes on and people are trying to catch a glimpse of my breasts or pussy. I like both situations really, it depends upon the mood I'm in.
As we were getting dressed to leave we watched Bridie put her clothes on. Jon suggested that she leave her underwear off but after a few seconds thought she said, "maybe next time, I've got a lot of thinking to do." When we dropped her off at home she gave us both a quick kiss, full on the lips. Jon invited her to go out with us the next Saturday. We arranged to pick her up at 8:00 p.m. again.
Back home Jon told me that the sight of Bridie getting dressed had turned him on a bit and he was going to 'vent his lust' on my body. I spent the night in his bed and went to sleep in the 'spoon' position with him deep inside me.
Sunday September 6
Jon took me to the gym and I had to wear my white lycra shorts and a baggy crop top. By the time we had finished I had a big damp patch in the crotch which made the thin lycra virtually transparent. Good job that I don't have any pubic hair as that would have been clearly visible.
From there we went into the sauna and Jon had me wearing one of the Leisure Centre's towels that is only just big enough to cover my breasts and bum. Jon had me sit with my legs up bent at the knee so that my pussy was on display. A couple of teenage girls came in and one of them had a good look, but nothing else.
No swimming or spa, we went home after that. In the afternoon Jon got a bucket and some bags of white powder out of the garage. When I asked him what they were for he told me that he was going to take a plaster of Paris mould of the lower part of my torso. When I asked him what it was for he said he wasn't sure, but it seemed like a good idea and could be fun. He had me stand (with my feet about a foot apart) in the kitchen while he first covered me from below my tits to my knees with Vaseline. Then he got a dildo and pushed it half into me. He said that he wanted to be able to know exactly where my hole was and the best angle to get into it. He then put 3 strips of clink-film up each side of me and just behind the dildo so that the mould would be easier to get off me once it was dry.
After that he wrapped some tea towels soaked in the plaster of Paris mixture round me. As the mixture dried he pasted more and more of it onto me until it was about half an inch thick. All this time I had to hold my stomach in so that my little podge wouldn't be showing.
When he had finished we made me stay still for another 15 minutes to let it harden. It felt funny being encased like that. Sort of sexually exciting. Difficult to explain. When it came to get the mould off me we had difficult time. At one point I was beginning to think that I was stuck in it for life but Jon wasn't giving up and in the end it came off. It looks good when the 2 halves are put together. You could even see the shape of my pussy lips as they gripped the dildo.
When the 2 halves are together the hole for the dildo makes me look as if I have a giant hole. Jon says that we will go for the top half next time, but I don't know what position he will do it in as he says that he wants my tits to be 'proud'. While I was getting cleaned-up Jon went to check his email, and apart from taking him some food, I never say him again until breakfast next morning.
Week commencing September 7
On the Monday I used Sonique depilatory machine on the pubic hair that I had been growing just above my slit. It took hours, but it was quite painless and just gave me a very slight tingle. On face value it seems to be doing the trick but the real test will be to see if it grows again. That night Jon told me to grow all the hair around my lips and then remove it. He also told me that he was going to grow all of his and that I would be removing all his for him. That will take all day and I bet that it won't happen without him getting a solid boner or two. Didn't see Bridie when I went to Tesco on the Wednesday.
Thursday night the paper-boy came to collect the money but it wasn't a boy, it was a girl. After she got over the shock of me being naked she couldn't stop giggling but she still took her time counting the money while looking at me.
When I said, "see you next week" she said,
"definitely."
Friday I went to the Job Centre to see what part-time jobs they had going. A couple of bar work jobs but that was about it. Will have to talk to Jon.
Saturday September 12
We went to Nottingham to look round the shops. Jon told me to wear Ben which slowed us down quite a bit. Jon just laughed every time I had to stop moving to either slow down, or have an orgasm. I really was feeling horny and desperate for Jon to give me a good fucking, but I had to wait until we got back to the car park. I'm sure that the CCTV cameras were pointed at Jon's car. We probably gave the men watching the screens a good cheap thrill.
I was wearing my cheesecloth dress that day and Jon bought me a smart burgundy jacket with matching short skirt. No fun in the changing cubicle. When I got home Jon told me to move the buttons out as far as I could. It was low cut as it was and it would be obvious that I didn't have a bra on so after I had moved the buttons it didn't take much for anyone to see my breast even when I twisted a bit, never mind when I leaned forward.
I wore my new outfit (with 1 addition) when we took Bridie out. The addition was the vibrating egg. We went to a nice old style country pub in a village called Tatenhill. Bridie looked great in a pink dress with spaghetti straps. Her nipples told everyone that she wasn't wearing a bra.
She had a cardigan on when I went to the door for her but it came off as soon as she got in the car. Over a great meal she told us that she had decided not to wear any underwear that night and that it was stockings not tights that we could see on her legs. Jon had decided that he would do the driving and between us Bridie and me polished off 2 full bottles of white wine.
By the time that we moved into the main part of the pub we were both quite happy. Jon and me sat with our backs to an outside wall with Bridie facing me. The table was small and Jon was hogging it. A few minutes after we had sat down Bridie said that she could see right up my skirt to my stomach and suggested that I should cross my legs before someone else noticed.
I told her that not crossing my legs was one of the conditions of my employment and that I would get punished if I did. She asked Jon if that was right and she giggled when he said,
"yes."
"OK" she said, "if you can't, then I won't" and she uncrossed hers.
I slid down a bit in my seat and looked up her dress and could see her stomach. She giggled a bit more and after having a quick look to see if anyone was looking she opened her legs so that I could see her pussy. She was obviously getting a bit turned-on as her lips were swollen and glistening with her juices. There was just a hint of her clit sticking out between her lips.
The problem with sliding down in your seat is that your skirt doesn't go with you and it had virtually disappeared beneath my jacket. This meant that Bridie could now see more of the tops of my legs and stomach. She asked me if it was a wire was that was coming up between my pussy lips and up my stomach. Jon told her what it was and told me to open my jacket and show her the control hanging out of the top of my skirt. Jon caught me looking round to see if anyone was looking before opening my jacket and told me that I had just earned a punishment. I opened my jacket on the left side to reveal the control. Only problem was that my left breast was on display as well. I don't think that anyone saw it before Jon said that I could fasten my jacket. He then reached over and switched the egg on to a slow speed so that it would take a while for me to get worked up.
Jon sent me to the bar to get some more drinks. It's one of those split-level buildings and the bar is quite low down with the bar staff even lower so I had to bend down to make myself heard over the music and general noise. I'm sure that the young barman was pretending not to hear me just so that he could keep looking down my jacket and when I stood up straight waiting for him to get the drinks I could hear 3 men behind me discussing whether or not I had any knickers on. Just to get them wondering a bit more when the barman asked me for the money I bent as far as I could over the bar. As I picked-up the drinks and walked back to Jon and Bridie I heard one of the men saying that he had seen my pussy lips so I couldn't have been wearing any.
Back at the table Jon told me that half the pub had seen my backside. Jon and Bridie had been talking when I had been at the bar and Bridie had asked Jon if she could stay with us that night. Jon had agreed on one condition, that she telephoned her mother and told her. When Bridie got back from the phone she asked me how the egg was doing.
"Simmering nicely" was my reply.
We finished our drinks and left. As I got near to the car I had to slow down and came just as I bent down to get in.
"Was that what I think it was?" Bridie asked.
Before we moved off Jon told me to take the egg out and asked Bridie if she wanted to try it. She declined "for the time being."
As soon as we got home Jon told me to strip off and 'assume the position'. Bridie seemed a little mystified until Jon explained and she just stood watching as Jon reminded me that I was to be punished for hesitating when he told me to open my jacket. He explained to Bridie that I had to do whatever he told me, immediately. He then told me to explain to Bridie that I was happy with the arrangement. He went upstairs to get the tawse leaving me and Bridie to talk. It took me a minute or two to convince Bridie that I was happy, very happy, and wouldn't change the situation for anything.
When Jon came back he was naked and carrying the tawse. He told me to get up and lean over the back of the sofa with my legs wide apart before giving me 10 strokes. After I had said,
"Ten - thank you Master"
he told me to 'assume the position' again and he gave me 5 more. One over the tops of my thighs, one on each breast, and for the other two he stood over my head with his dick directly over my face and landed both strokes on my pussy.
Needless to say I was crying by then but when Jon told me to get up I went over to Bridie and told her that I was alright and to prove that I had enjoyed it as well I asked her to see how wet I was. It hurt a bit as her hand first touched my pussy but as she moved a finger in between my lips I gave a shudder and said,
"go right in." Her finger did - for a second, then she took her hand away.
Jon told me to go and get some coffee ready and when I got back Jon and Bridie were sat on the sofa talking. It looked a bit silly in a way, Jon was naked (with a semi) and Bridie still had her dress on. When I told them what I was laughing at Bridie said that she could soon sort that one out and stood up and lifted her dress off. Jon told her that she looked good with her small pert cones sticking out of her chest and her lovely smooth pubes. She still had her stockings and suspender belt on, but not for long. She lifted each leg in-turn, put her foot on the coffee table and took them off. Jon must have enjoyed the display as his semi became a full erection.
As we drank our coffee Bridie kept looking at Jon's dick which had some pre-cum coming out of the tip. Finally she suddenly said,
"I want to lose my virginity tonight." Jon's only reply was
"maybe" but I knew that he would enjoy taking it later - after getting her really worked-up and begging him to fuck her. He's a bit of a tease really.
When we went to bed (all 3 in Jon's) Jon told me to make love to Bridie first. It was soon a 2-way thing with Bridie being as eager as I was. Jon was just watching to start off with but it wasn't long before he joined in and Bridie was wanking him. I guess that he was getting close to coming cos he stopped her and told her to put a condom on him and to get on top of him.
She slowly lowered herself down onto him and at one point she stopped, then pushed and screamed. I guess that that was her virginity gone. She just sat there on top of him for ages with a vacant look on her face. Jon brought her back to earth, he came inside her. His jerking gave it away. Bridie started to rise up and down and fuck him. It was a good job that it didn't take long as Jon usually goes soft after a couple of minutes. When they uncoupled I could see little spots of blood on Jon.
After that we went to sleep, Bridie on one side of Jon and me on the other. When I woke up in the morning Jon was on top of Bridie fucking her 'missionary' style.
Sunday September 13
We had the usual ritual of reading the papers over breakfast in the nude, but this time there were 3 of us. A cramped shower followed with Jon fucking me from behind and me finger-fucking Bridie while I tried to push my tongue down her throat. After that we had to take Bridie home as she had to go to work.
As it was a sunny day we went to a quiet part of the coast and parked in a car park at the edge of some little village. We walked along the coast for a bit and settled in amongst some sand dunes. As it was quiet we both sunbathed nude. We stayed there for about an hour and hardly saw anyone apart from 2 men who kept walking up and down the path through the dunes. I think that they must me part of the dirty old men brigade who need to spy on women. Jon says that it doesn't bother us and I quite enjoyed making sure that they got a really good view of me. One time when one of them passed Jon started finger fucking me and I started playing with him. After the man went I was disappointed when Jon stopped.
We went for a nude swim but didn't stay in for long. The North Sea is bloody cold at the best of times and the middle of September isn't one of those. After that we wrapped towels round ourselves and walked back to the car park. There was an ice-cream van at the other end of the little car park and Jon gave me some money and told me to get a couple of ice-creams before I got changed. He also told me to make sure that the towel 'accidentally' dropped off me on the way back.
As I walked up to the van I loosened the towel so that it felt very insecure. I got the ice creams one in each hand and started walking back. It only took about 10 feet before I could feel the towel starting to slide down and another couple of steps and it fell right open. I managed to grip it with one elbow but apart from that side I was naked. There were a few people sat in their cars and they all stared at me as I walked by them.
When I was about 20 feet from Jon's car a couple of lads about 14 stopped their bikes right in front of me and asked if I wanted any help. When I said,
"yes please" they got off their bikes and stood in front of me looking at the obvious places. One said,
"what would you like us to do?"
The other (a real cheeky sod) said,
"play with your little tits." I wasn't going to miss that opportunity and said,
"you can play with my tits as you put my towel back round me please."
So they did, no hesitation, straight grab and grope. After about a minute of nipple pulling and tit squeezing one of them started going for my pussy. All this was happening in the middle of a public car park in the middle of the afternoon. It was getting a bit too risky so I said,
"the towel please."
That stopped them, but not before a finger was in my pussy. The cheeky one pulled my towel round me and tucked an end in to keep it in-place and I left them watching me walk away.
Jon told me that he was pleased with the way that I had handled it, which made me happy. We sat in the car and eat the ice cream before Jon told me to get out and get changed as a 'new' car drove into the car park. It doesn't take long to take a towel off and put a dress on, but Jon had timed it right and I was naked as the car drove passed us. There was a young couple in it and the lad nearly crashed as he stared at me. They had the windows open and I could hear the girl shout at him to watch where he was going.
Back home Jon did his usual trick of disappearing into his study.
Week commencing September 14
Monday - The weather was cold that morning and I decided to put my dungaree dress on. I had forgotten that the workmen would be arriving to do the conservatory and they arrived just after Jon had left. They (one about 45 and the other about 30) both came to the door to say that they were here and looked a little disappointed when I opened the door with some clothes on. I took them round the back and showed them where everything was. One asked me what the scaffold frame was for and I couldn't think of anything better to say than
"It's for me to sunbathe on."
They both looked at me with a puzzled look so I said, "who's for a cup of tea then?"
I left them to it and went and put the kettle on. I still had the dress on when I took them the tea but took it off when I got back inside as the sun was starting to shine and the house was warming up because I had put the heating on. I was doing the ironing in the kitchen when one of the men brought their cups back. His face lit up as I opened the back door and he saw me naked.
"It's true then" he said.
"What is?" I replied.
"That you walk around the house naked, the boss said you did but we didn't believe him."
"Well I do, the garden as well. Is that a problem?" I asked.
"Not with us, you can be naked as much as you like for us we're not bothered. Can we have another brew in about an hour please?"
I took them their next 'brew' and they kept me talking for ages. We talked about everything and nothing before I told them that I had to go. I suppose that I was enjoying the attention, and judging by the bulges in their trousers they were enjoying the view. It went on like that for most of the day and they hadn't finished digging the trench when the concrete wagon arrived. It had to wait out the front while they hurriedly finished the digging. I stayed inside, out of the way and when Jon got home he said it was my fault for teasing the men. Jon said that he wasn't going to punish me because the job got done, even if they didn't finish until 7:00 p.m.
Tuesday - 2 different men arrive to do the brick work. Again it was one older man and a young man. I thought that it was best that I kept a dress on when I took the tea to them, but the young man did catch me naked when he brought the cups into the kitchen without knocking. You should have seen his face light-up.
Went to Tesco and saw Bridie. She was very busy but she said that she would ring me.
Wednesday - Yet more different men came. This time it was 2 men about my age. I had got fed-up with taking tea out to them so I told them to come and make their own in the kitchen. I kept a dress on until after they got started then removed it to start on the job of removing the hair round my pussy lips with the Sonique depilatory machine. That was a laborious task and my back ached having to bend-over so much, but it will have been worth while if it doesn't grow again. The signs are good, the hair at the top of my pussy haven't started growing again.
One of the men walked into the kitchen as I was getting myself some lunch and didn't seem at all surprised by the fact that I was naked. We got chatting and it turned out that he and his wife were naturists and he would have preferred to be naked as well. He was a nice man and I quite enjoyed the chat. He came back in later on and we continued the talks. The other man didn't come in at all and it turns out that he's gay.
Thursday - When Jon went to work he left me restrained, spread-eagle to the punishment bed with a blindfold on. Before he had done that he had attached a big lump of ice from the freezer to the cord of the roller blind on the window. He put a bucket under it to catch all the drips and told me that it would take about 3 hours for it to melt sufficiently enough for the blind to roll up so that anyone could see into the room.
That meant that in 3 hours and for the rest of the day any and all of the workmen who were working on the roof of the conservatory would be able to see me tied to the bed naked with my legs spread wide; and I wouldn't be able to see them.
Those 3 hours were a killer. On the one hand I was so helpless and was frightened what the men might do when they saw me and on the other hand the excitement was tremendous, my juices were soaking the bed.
I had been listening to the men outside and come to the conclusion that they were again 2 different men. They sounded youngish but it was difficult to tell. I heard the blind go up when the ice melted and waited for some indication that I had been spotted. It took what seemed like hours before I heard one of them say
"Here Ben, come and have a look at this."
My heart was pounding, I felt frightened but excited. It's one thing walking around naked and talking to strange men, but it's certainly another thing being tied-up and have absolutely no defence against them if they decided to do something to me.
"Bloody hell!" was Ben's reply.
And then "remember what the boss said, we'll get sacked if we touch her."
His mate then said, "but he didn't say anything about photographs did he and I've got a camera in the van."
A short while later I heard a camera clicking and winding on. After about 3 shots Ben's mate said,
"let's go inside and take some more."
A couple of minutes later I heard the bedroom door open and heavy breathing before 3 more photos were taken. Then the film rewound. Ben's mate said,
"I'm off to buy another film" then I heard the van's engine start.
Was Ben still in the room with me or not? there was silence for a couple of minutes then I heard the zip on a pair of jeans being opened. 'Oh no I thought, he's going to fuck me,' but he didn't, I felt his breath on my very wet pussy but he didn't touch me. Then I heard the rhythmic movement of clothes. He was wanking. Was he going to shoot his load over me, perhaps onto my pussy? I was laying there rigid with my pussy getting wetter and wetter listening to him wanking wondering what he was going to do and wishing that I could see what he was doing. In the end he moaned a couple of times and that was it. When his mate came back they took a lot more photographs and just before it all went quiet I heard Ben's mate say
"that'll give the lads down at the pub something to talk about."
Photos of me naked, spread-eagle tied to a bed were going to be passed round a pub in Derby. The thought excited me, but I was wondering if any of the people who saw them would recognise me and say something.
I really wanted to cum, but there was nothing that I could do. I also wanted to go for a pee but ....
Jon came home early that night and released me. He wouldn't let me go for a pee until I had told him what had happened. I told him about the men when they first saw me but didn't say anything about the camera or them coming into the bedroom. I said that I didn't hear anything else. That was a bit daft, cos I know that Jon will read this sometime, and I'll get punished for not telling him the truth, but I really needed to relieve myself, in more ways than one. When I sat on the loo I didn't know which to do first, pee or masturbate. The pee came second.
Saturday September 19
Another 2 workmen came to finish off the job. There were the electrics and the plumbing to sort out which meant that the men had to be in the house for a lot of the time. After the first couple of times looking at me the men just ignored me and got on with the job. I felt totally safe being naked with Jon being there. They finished mid afternoon and Jon then took me into town. He wanted to get some more plaster of Paris to make a model of my torso.
I don't know what he would want that for, but it would help me when I was in my dress making mode. While we were out he took me to Debenhams and bought me a thick coat. It comes down to about half way between my knees and pussy and doesn't have any buttons. It relies on the belt being tied to keep it together. Jon said that it would be easier for me to 'flash' people that way.
When we got home I went into the conservatory. It was lovely and warm and I could see that I was going to enjoy being able to relax in there looking out over the garden and fields with it being lovely and warm in there, but freezing outside.
Jon took me out for dinner to a posh restaurant and I had to wear the remote controlled vibrator and my dress that just has a front and a back and laces up the sides. Jon would only let me lace it up from my hips to the top. The front and back don't meet and they leave a gap of about 3 inched up each side. With the thin rope lacing it is obvious that I'm not wearing anything underneath. Jon left the remote control on the table and turned it up each time a waiter came to the table. It was most embarrassing when I had an orgasm as the waiter was explaining what was on the sweet trolley to me. He asked me if I was okay and even apologised for if the food was causing my distress.
It was a good job that Jon had told me to lift the back part of the dress up so that my bum was directly onto the seat. If it hadn't been then my dress would have had the big wet patch instead of the seat covers. As it was the wet patch was very visible when I did get up.
Sunday September 20
After breakfast Jon took me to the Hotel Gym - Jon made me work really hard on all the machines and I was soaked in sweat when we finished. I had put only my tennis dress on and it made it easier for working harder as it automatically fell over my pussy whenever I was doing any of the exercises. I was glad that Jon didn't ask me to do some exercises standing on my head as there were quite a few people there, including some of the staff.
After the Gym we went for a swim. I had taken my over-sized orange bikini with me and had a bit of trouble keeping the bottoms up. As it was the crotch of it was way below my pussy and gaping open for anyone to see whenever my legs weren't closed. Jon had me swimming breaststroke, a lot of it on my back so even I could see my pussy a lot of the time. As it was there was only one girl and one boy (both about 15) that seemed to notice.
The Jacuzzi was nice, we stayed in there for ages and Jon told me to take the bottoms off and put them on the side for everyone to see. I got a puzzled look from one middle-aged couple when they saw them and one old man came and sat on the side right next to me. He was looking down my top onto my breasts and nipples which were showing from that angle. I saw him catch Jon's eye at one point but that didn't stop him looking because Jon said, "nice out today isn't it?"
From there it was the steam room and Jon told me to sit with my knees about 18 inches apart. That meant that anyone sitting on the other opposite side would be able to see my pussy. The girl and boy followed us in and were looking but the steam must have made it difficult for them to see anything. After a long session in there I was beginning to feel a little dizzy so Jon told me to go and take a shower then take my bikini off and wrap a towel round me and he would meet me in the rest area. When I got there Jon was on one of the loungers with his feet up and his knees bent. He had a towel on as well and I could easily see his dick and balls. He told me to lie on the longer next to him in the same position. I guess that he wanted anyone who came in to be able to see either of our private parts, dependant upon which type they were interested.
We started reading some magazines that were in there and after about 10 minutes the same boy and girl came in and sat opposite us. They kept looking at us and whispering to each other and after a few minutes the girl got up and went. This left the boy who has having a real good look at me. Not wanting to deprive him of a good education I slowly opened my legs a bit more so that he could get the best possible view.
Then the door opened again and the girl came back in. I think that she must have been braver than the boy because she now had a towel round her and it looked like she had taken her costume off because she no longer had any straps over her shoulders. She lay down on the same longer and after a minute and some more whispering she lifted her knees. Sneaking quick looks round the magazine I could just make out some black pubic hairs. From the angle I thought that Jon would be able to see better and when I talked to him later, yes he had. He'd been able to see everything she'd got. He said that he was impressed that she'd had the courage to do it but disappointed that she hadn't removed her pubic hair. The boy and the girl were still whispering and then the boy got up and slowly walked out. He had a real good look at both me and the girl as he went.
He came back in almost straight away but hadn't got changed. He still had his swimming costume on but it was bulging at the front. Poor lad looked a bit embarrassed, especially when the girl giggled at him when she saw it. Jon got up and came and sat next to me with his back to them. He put an arm round my leg that was nearest to him and slowly opened my legs even more. So much so that my lips were parting. After about a minute of that we got up and went into the sauna which was empty, so Jon told me to take my towel off and lay on it - on my back with my knees up and open. Jon took his towel off and sat on it. Five minutes later the girl and boy came in, I guess that they wanted another look. Jon had sat in a place that he could see who was coming in and had not told me to cover up so I didn't move when they came in. The boy had gone and got his towel but I could still see the bulge.
They stopped when they saw us both naked, but Jon said, "Come on in, don't let us stop you. We've gone European, hope you don't mind." The girl muttered a "no" and they both came in and sat down. After a minute or so the girl stood up and said, "I think we'll join you" and took her towel off. She then said, "come on Peter." Peter was a little reluctant, possibly because of his hard-on that was embarrassing him but they both sat down. His dick was about the same size as Jon's (when it's hard), but I was thinking that it wouldn't stay like that for long in that heat. The girl had quite big tits for her age and a hairy beaver (as Jon sometimes calls it). I was right, after about 5 minutes the boy's hard-on had gone. After 10, they had both had enough and they went, leaving just Jon and me. I have to admit that I was getting quite hot by then, and we both went out a couple of minutes later. Jon told me to use one of the showers just outside the sauna, and to only half close the curtain, but no one came in. After I had cooled down, Jon told me to go and get changed, and to meet him in the reception. When I got there he was waiting for me with a couple of drinks in his hands. As we were sat there drinking, the girl and then the boy came out of the changing rooms. She smiled and said, "hi" in response to Jon smiling at her, but they both left.
By that time it was early afternoon and Jon took me to a Chinese for some lunch. I had put on my denim dungarees dress that day with a short crop top underneath, and when we were moving round the table getting food I noticed one man standing next to me quite a lot and trying to look down my skirt. I guess that he'd noticed that he could see right down to the floor and my body all that way.
I think that we both eat too much, cos when we got home neither of us could be bothered to do anything other than watch TV.
Week commencing September 21
Quite a boring week really, nothing special happened at all, other than Vicky rang and asked us if we would like to go to a newish club in Nottingham with her on the Saturday night. Apparently it's a lively place that she thinks we will enjoy. Had a good chat with Bridie at Tesco, she has promised to give me a ring to see about coming round sometime.
Saturday September 26
Jon had to go to work so it was a quiet day until the evening. As we were driving over to Vicky's flat Jon told me that there would be a joiner arriving on the following Tuesday to do some 'modifications' in the punishment room. He told me to co-operate with him and do everything that he asked. The 'everything' bit had me intrigued and I wondered if I he would be telling me to have sex with him. Well, Jon did say 'do everything' so if that's what Jon wants, then that's what I will do. Hope he's a hunk.
When we got to Vicky's flat she wasn't ready and one of her flat-mates (Liz) invited us in. While we were waiting we were talking to Liz and Kelly (the other flat-mate) about where we were going. Liz said that we should be careful as she had heard stories of drugs and orgies. Just as she mentioned 'orgies' Vicky walked through the living room to her bedroom, naked. She said 'hello' and kept going.
"just about ready then" Jon said.
Kelly said, "yeah, she doesn't wear much these days."
Jon asked if that bothered her and Liz. Liz jumped-in and said, "it's done wonders for our love lives, men just keep wanting to come back here once they've discovered that there's a naked woman in the flat."
Jon was right, within seconds Vicky was with us wearing a lovely tight black dress (Jon had told me to wear a low cut thin cotton dress with a flared short skirt that night).
When we got to the club Jon paid and we went in and got a drink. It's a big nice place with different levels. The music was good and it wasn't long before we were having a good time. Vicky and me kept going for a dance together and men kept butting-in and asking if they could dance with us. When we told Jon he said we could dance with them if we liked.
A bit later Jon was dancing with me and Vicky was with a man when the DJ suddenly started playing some rock and roll music. Jon amazed me the way he could do it, just like you see on the TV. He had me spinning all over the place, it was great fun, but hard work. I was knackered when we went to sit down.
When Vicky came back she told me that we had had a little audience and that with Jon spinning me round so much I had been displaying what I wasn't wearing. The bloke that Vicky had been dancing with had stopped dancing and just stared at me. Just then the pace slowed down and Jon took me for a slow dance. We were dancing slow with our arms round each other. What I didn't notice at the time (Vicky told me later) was that Jon had his hands on the top of my bum, under my skirt. Most of my bum had been on display for about 4 or 5 minutes and I hadn't even noticed.
When the pace increased Vicky and me were up again. We'd just started dancing with 2 men when the floor started filling with foam. It didn't take long before it was waist high and people were scooping it up and putting it on people's heads. Within minutes everyone was covered and all you could see was lumps of foam moving around. I think that the men took it as a chance to start groping the girls because there were a lot of screams and shouting. A hand grabbed at me and when I didn't move away it started exploring under my dress. I backed off when a finger went inside me. I made it back to Jon and saw Vicky sat next to him trying to brush the foam off herself.
I don't know what the foam was made of but it didn't take long for it to disappear and for things to get back to normal. After a few more drinks Vicky asked if we knew what was through a door that was in a corner of the room near the bar. She'd seen a few people go though it but no one come back. We watched a couple go through before Jon said, "come on, we're going to have a look."
The door took us down a staircase to another big room that had a little swimming pool and a bar in it. There were people at the bar and around the pool. There was also a couple splashing around in the pool. It looked like they only had their knickers on, the girl was definitely topless and her big boobs were bouncing about like a couple of balloons. We got another drink and sat by the pool watching those balloons as the couple were trying to duck each other. A couple of girls came down the stairs and after a quick drink (down in one) they stripped their dresses over their heads and jumped in. They were both wearing thong knickers that hardly covered their pussies. That must have been some sort of signal because about 4 couples got up and stripped to their undies and jumped in. Only one girl had a bra on and that come off before she jumped in.
Vicky turned to Jon and asked if we could go in. Before he could answer our shoes and dresses were off and we were in. Jon told me that a bouncer that was near the bar had pointed at us and started to say something but stopped after saying "you can't", shrugged his shoulders and carried-on talking to the woman next to him. When I surfaced the man next to me said, "nice bod" to me which made me feel good. I said, "thank you" and turned to try to duck Vicky under the water. We spent about 5 minutes splashing about but it was getting a bit crowded. I bumped into a few people and twice I backed into someone who put their hands round me and started groping my breasts and pussy. When I turned round there were so many people that I couldn't make out who had done it. There was also one man who was groping me from under the water, I felt his hand slide up from my ankle right onto my pussy.
Shortly after that Jon called us out. We hadn't thought about how we would get dry and we had to try and brush as much water off us with our hands before putting our dresses on. As I pulled mine on I noticed that most of the people in the room had stopped and were watching Vicky and me get dressed. That made me feel good, proud that I had something that people wanted to look at. I decided to give then a good look at my ass and pussy as I bent over to put my shoes on. I got a bit excited doing that.
We went back upstairs after that and had another drink. I was glad that Jon gave us a chance to dry-off before we went home, it was cold outside when we came. While we were having that drink Vicky told us about the groping that she had had. She'd been as lucky as me, but she'd gone one further and groped a man as he groped her. She said that he had had a hard-on which wasn't very big. After that we got a taxi back to Vicky's flat and we spent a crowded night in her small bed. Jon fucked us both before falling asleep but Vicky and me managed to 'pleasure' each other before I went to sleep.
Sunday September 27
I woke up as Vicky was getting out of the bed and followed her into the bathroom. It was mid morning by then and Liz and Kelly were both in the living room as we walked through. My head was hurting and the best I could do was to mutter
"morning."
It took a shower with Vicky to wake me up. Not sure if it was the water that woke me up or Vicky hand playing with my pussy. I had just orgasmed when Jon walked in, naked with a morning erection. He hadn't noticed Liz and Kelly but they told me later that they had certainly seen him.
I got out and went and put the kettle on while Vicky did something about Jon's hard-on. They came out of the bathroom just as I was making the coffee and I heard Jon apologise to Liz and Kelly for his state of dress then Kelly said that they weren't bothered and that he had a nice dick. I wasn't going to argue with that.
We got our coffee and went and sat in the living room and we all got talking. The subject of shaved pubes came up and Kelly asked me if I had changed my mind and was growing mine again. Jon told me to show everyone that there was only hair on the front of my pussy and non underneath. He told her about the machine to remove it permanently and told her that I was growing the last bit ready for permanent removal.
Liz asked me if it was embarrassing for me when I went to the doctors so I told her that neither the doctor or the nurses had batted an eyelid when they saw me, nor when they realised that I didn't wear any knickers. Kelly said that she was thinking of trying shaving and Vicky said that we would help her if she liked. Just as Kelly said, "yes please," Liz said that there was no way that she was going to shave hers. Vicky whispered to me "we'll see about that."
It wasn't long before Vicky's razor and other 'tools' came out and Kelly was stripping off. She wasn't at all hesitant which I thought she might be because Jon was there. Kelly has bigger tits than me and her aureole are a lot bigger but her nipples are a lot smaller. She's not a natural blond either. After Vicky and me trimmed as much as we could with the scissors Kelly lathered herself and lay on the floor waiting for Vicky to start with the razor. It was Jon who picked the razor up and said,
"right let's get started."
Kelly said that she thought that Vicky would be doing it so I said that Jon had had years of practice using a razor and that he had shaved me dozens of times. With that she said,
"okay" and Jon started.
I could see that Kelly was enjoying the experience and she let out a quiet moan when Jon (deliberately I suspect) flicked her little clit. By the time he had finished there were more of her juices than of the shaving cream. Jon finished off by holding a warm damp cloth over all her pussy and she gave out another louder moan. I suspect that Jon had pushed part of it up her hole.
When she stood up she covered her pussy with her hand and started rubbing her hand all over her pubic area.
"Nice and smooth and I feel very naked" she said.
Vicky said, "wait until you get your leg over, it add a whole new world to your feelings."
The only person left in the room that still had some pubic hair and some clothes on was Liz. Vicky looked at her and said,
"your turn Liz." Liz wasn't happy and said,
"no way" but Vicky was determined and said,
"come on girls, let's get her clothes off."
Liz put up quite a struggle but she was out-numbered and it didn't take long for us to get her naked. Liz is a bit over-weight but has a nice pair of breasts, a lot bigger than mine with small nipples. Her hips are quite big and she has (had) a lot of black pubic hair. I think that the sight of 3 girls stripping a fourth was a bit of a turn-on for Jon because he'd got a bit of a hard-on. It was getting harder the more Liz struggled and the more we had to hold her down. Jon had to do the trimming with the scissors before he started with the razor.
By the time Jon had shaved the lot off I was getting a bit out of breath. Liz was still struggling as Jon was wiping the last of the shaving cream off. Fortunately Liz hadn't been screaming, but she was getting excited. It was the swelling pussy lips and juices that gave it away. When Jon stood up his erection stood up like a flagpole. As Liz was getting up she got onto her knees and was directly in front of Jon. Her face was within inches of his dick. "Oh! I think that I should take that as a compliment but I'm still not happy about what you lot have done to me." "You'll get used to it and you might even get to like it" Kelly said.
After that we all sat down again while Vicky went to get us some more coffee. Liz was sulking a bit and had put her dressing gown back on but Kelly was still naked. Jon and me were telling Kelly about the fun that I was having going without knickers and pubic hair. Everyone seemed to be ignoring Jon's hard-on until Vicky came back into the room with the coffee. After she had handed them out she asked Jon if she could sit on his lap as there were no chairs left.
Before Jon had finished saying 'yes' she was on his lap. I didn't actually she if she positioned herself so that his dick slid into her, or actually see it go into her but the expression on her face told me that he was in her. Liz had noticed as well and her eyes and mouth opened wide. Kelly looked a bit surprised as well but Jon and me kept telling Kelly about some of our little 'incidents.' Vicky was joining in as well and after about 5 minutes we were all (including Liz) having a good laugh. I guess that all the stories and laughing had cooled Vicky and Jon down as I saw Vicky shuffle about on Jon's lap and I saw his limp dick as she adjusted her position.
About lunchtime Jon decided that we should be heading for home and we got dressed and left. We stopped at a McDonald's on the way home and got a take-away. Jon had told me to slide forward in my seat and then lay back with my dress pulled up a bit so that my pussy was just showing. The lad who took our money couldn't take his eyes off me. He gave Jon the right change but I couldn't understand what he was saying. At the hatch where we got the take-away the girl really took her time getting it ready and it was obvious that she was staring at me as much as she could.
Back home we had the take-away and then spent most of the afternoon reading the papers and watching television. We both went to bed early (separately) that night.
Week commencing September 28
Monday - Spent most of the day removing the hair from the front of my pussy. With a bit of luck it has all gone for good and I will just have to use the razor on my legs and armpits from now on. I might try the machine on my armpits but the hair there is a lot finer so I don't know how I will get on.
Tuesday - The joiner arrived. I greeted him wearing my usual apparel - nothing, but he just said,
"show me to the room and I'll get on with it."
Apparently Jon had asked him to move everything out of the 'punishment' room and into the back bedroom. Once he'd done that he started bring tools and pieces of wood and other things in from his van. He didn't seem at all surprised by me being naked and virtually ignored it. When I took him a cup of tea he told me that he specialised in making unusual items and that he had made a few things like what he was going to make before, and that he would need my help to get things made to the right measurements. But he wouldn't tell me what the 'things' were at that stage. He told me to wait and see. What he did do was to measure the height of my waist to the floor and from the tips of my outstretched hands to my waist.
By late afternoon he had the frame of something built. It looked a bit like one of those vaulting horses that you find in school gyms, I think you call them pommel horses. When I mentioned this to him he said that that was where the idea came from but it certainly wasn't one of those. He said that he called it a 'whipping-T'. It was slightly higher than my waist level with 2 inverted 'V's supporting a horizontal beam. He didn't get much further with it that day, and left shortly after Jon got home. Jon wouldn't tell me about it either.
Wednesday - The man was back early and got straight down to his work. When I took him some tea mid morning the 'whipping-T' had sprouted a horizontal 'T' piece out the back of it. This was supported by another inverted 'V' down to the floor. He had stated making some padding for the horizontal bars and when I went in he said that my timing was quite good and that he wanted me to lay on the 'whipping-T' in a couple of positions so that he could take some more measurements.
Firstly he told me walk up to the original horizontal bar and lay over it with my stomach right up to it. I had to jump up a bit to do this and my toes only just managed to touch the floor. He then told me to open my legs as far as I could and he measured the distance from my ankles to nearest uprights (ankle straps I guessed). With me in that position I would be in the perfect position for Jon to 'whip' me so I guess that's where the name 'whipping-T' came from. The man also measured the distance from my wrists to the back uprights. He didn't seem at all interested in the fact that like that my pussy was wide open for him to see.
After that he took me round the back and got me to lie on my stomach along the back horizontal bar. The bar wasn't very wide and it meant that I was being supported by the bar that started right on my pubic bone. Fortunately my head was on the junction of the 'T'. As I was getting on I couldn't help noticing the pressure that it was putting on my pubic bone and I started to get a bit wet. The man then asked me open my legs again and he took similar measurements before asking me to lie on my back and do it again. Again he didn't seem to take any notice of my now wet pussy. I couldn't help thinking that laid in any of those positions I would be in the ideal position for Jon to either punish me or fuck me. The man left just before Jon got home. Jon asked me if I liked the 'whipping-T'. What could I say other that
"yes."
Thursday - The 'whipping-T' was finished. It had padded nylon with velcro wrist and ankle fasteners attached to the bottom of the legs with shortish chains. The padding was covered with a purple velvet like material. At the bottom end of the 'T' the padding got a lot thinner and I saw something that I hadn't noticed before. There was a hole about 2 inches in diameter and about a foot from the end. When I asked what it was for I was told that it was for a dildo and the man showed me how it was held in place by a bracket underneath. I suppose it would be a bit like that bike of Jon's that has a hole in the saddle for a dildo although just being astride the 'T' with a dildo in me didn't seem quite as much fun as cycling around in public with one in me.
The man got on with the other things and he put quite a few rings in the ceiling and into one of the walls. Jon was going to be able to restrain me in lots of different positions. The man also installed an electric motor so that I could be raised and lowered easily by attaching ropes through different rings and pulleys. That thought sounded interesting but a little frightening and I had thoughts of being restrained through wrong rings and the motor going mad and trying to pull me apart.
The motor has an attachments to it so that the ropes can be wound round it as I'm being pulled up into the air. There is another attachment that I couldn't work out what it was for. It is an egg shaped plate about 2 feet from end to end and is only wide enough to have the rope go round it once.
What I hadn't worked out was that there is a way of fastening the rope underneath the 'egg' and when the egg slowly turns it will push the rope away then let it back. The effect of that would be that the tension of the rope would increase and decrease therefore raising and lowering what ever (or whoever) was on the other end. It was then that I realised how much fun the dildo through the hole in the bottom of the 'T' could be. If I was sat astride the 'T' with a dildo in and my wrists tied high with the rope going through a ceiling ring and back to the 'egg' the slow turning of the motor would mean that I would be raised and lowered onto the dildo.
In other words it was an electric 'fucking' machine. I was looking forward to trying that but I suddenly started thinking about what would happen if Jon set it going and then left me for hours. I would die from a mixture of pain and pleasure.
I left the man to it and when I went in later in the day I worked out what 2 other things were that the man had been working on. One was a big circle of wood like a solid wheel, but it was vertical and off the ground. It was in some sort of frame that would allow it to spin and it was big enough for me to be restrained spread-eagle onto it. I had visions of getting dizzy as I was spinning naked on some sort of 'wheel of fortune' television program.
The other thing that had had me puzzled was something between the legs of the top of the 'whipping-T'. It was spring loaded and looked like it would spring up and hit my pussy if it was let lose. It all made sense when the man attached a rubbery dildo to it. I reckoned that with me in the spanking position it would be in just about the right position to give me a lot of pleasure. I hoped that it could have a rope attached so that I could control its movement somehow.
The man finished just after Jon got home, and after inspecting everything Jon paid him and he left. Jon told me that he was looking forward to me needing my next punishment. Later that evening the papergirl came again. It had been 3 weeks since she had been and she still couldn't stop staring at my nakedness. I thought that I would see if I could get her to relax a bit and to talk a bit. I invited her to come into the kitchen for a coke or something. She seemed a little reluctant but finally came in.
We sat there drinking and talking for about 10 minutes. She was asking me if it felt weird not having any clothes on all the time and talking to strangers like that. I told her that having no clothes on didn't feel any different to when I used to wear clothes. I told her that I didn't have to worry about what to wear or have anywhere as much washing to do. She asked about my lack of pubic hair and got a little defensive when I said that it couldn't have been long ago when she didn't have any.
Apparently hers had started growing when she was 11. I was just about to suggest that she try my way of life (well parts of it) when Jon came in and she decided that she had better leave. Jon decided to leave the new equipment until the weekend, which disappointed me a bit.
Friday - Was Tesco day and I went in the morning and had a long chat with Bridie. I also had a couple of the young lads in there follow me around, they got real close when I was bending over in the freezer section so I took my time and let them have a good look. It didn't cost me anything, it gave them a cheap thrill and it did me too. The thought of a couple of red blooded young men staring at my pussy got me a bit excited as well.
In the afternoon I went into the punishment room and experimented to get the best positions on the 'whipping-T'. It was quite comfortable really. When I was over the top part of the 'T' I tried to reach the fastener to release the spring-loaded dildo but I couldn't. I experimented with the motor and the 'egg' and I managed to get it to do what the man had described. I got a bit adventurous then and though that I would try this 'fucking' machine. I set the motor going with going over the 'egg' and hanging above the bottom part of the 'T'. I was already wet just thinking about it so I locked the dildo in place and climbed onto the 'T'.
I sat astride it behind the dildo and managed to attach the velcro wrist cuffs to me and then to the rope. I had to really stretch up to do that. So far so good, I was going up and down at about a slow fuck speed but the next problem was to get onto the dildo. I managed that by swinging my legs up and putting my feet on the 'T'. Then by pushing on my feet I could raise my body enough to get my pussy to the top on the dildo. As I was lowering myself onto the dildo one of my feet slipped and I got the rest of the dildo into me a lot quicker than I had wanted. It felt as if it was going come right through me and out of my mouth. I had no choice other than to let the other foot down and let the rope and the 'T' take my weight.
Of course the motor didn't stop and I was going up and down just as the machine was supposed to do. It didn't take long before my juices were really flowing and I was on my way to an orgasm. The man had measured everything just right, my feet didn't touch the floor and the 'egg' took me up and down the full length of the dildo. It was brilliant.
After the third orgasm I decided that I'd had enough for the first session and wanted to stop the machine and get off. It was then that I realised that I was too exhausted to even get my feet up onto the 'T'. I'd screwed-up. I'd been to eager to try it out and hadn't planned a way out. I was stuck there and my fourth orgasm was building up. At first I started to panic but managed to pull myself together and started thinking, but I just couldn't think of any way to stop the motor or to climb off. If only I'd put a chair on either side so that I could stand on them.
It was only about 4 o'clock and I wasn't expecting Jon home for another hour and the orgasms kept coming quicker and quicker. I though I was going to die. In the end I must have passed-out as the next thing I remember was Jon lifting me off the 'T' and carrying me to my bed. After that it was next morning and I had the sorest pussy that I have ever had. It felt like I had been fucked by an elephant (guess work I'm glad to say). I could hardly walk but I didn't think that there was any permanent damage.
Saturday October 3
Jon had guessed what I had done and told me that I would get punished for not waiting as he had told me. He let me stay in bed for the day and I slept for most of it. When I did get up I just watched television for the rest of the day. Wow! what an experience, I want try it again but I don't want to suffer the after effects. I will plan it better next time.
Sunday October 4
I was still quite sore when I got up so Jon agreed to delaying the 'official' inauguration of the new punishment room until later in the week. After the usual Sunday morning reading the papers we went to the cinema in the afternoon. We saw some action film or other, I didn't think that it was that good. We sat right at the back in the middle and after about half an hour Jon told me to slowly slip out of my dress.
I was wearing my new (ish - not my favourite) cheesecloth dress so it was quite easy. There was no one within about 6 seats in any direction so I wasn't that worried about being seen. It's amazing, I sat there naked for going on for an hour and no one noticed a thing. They obviously thought more of the film than I did.
As it was coming to an end Jon told me to put my dress on again. I reckon that the only people that knew I was naked were Jon and me. In a way I was a little disappointed.
Back home Jon decided that I was fit enough to take my punishment for using the 'fucking' machine before I was supposed to. I had to climb over the top of the 'whipping-T' for a spanking. It was quite comfortable, even when Jon put the velcro wrist and ankle cuffs on so that I couldn't move. If it hadn't been Jon there I could have got embarrassed as my wide-open pussy was on full view to anyone who was behind me; but at least I wouldn't have been able to see their faces.
Jon gave me 10 stokes with the tawse with me doing the usual counting. Needless to say I was quite wet by the time I had said,
"Ten - thank you Master."
After that Jon slowly released the spring that was holding the dildo in place and it came up and straight into me. The joiner had got his measuring right again. The pressure of the spring wasn't that great and I think that I might just have been able to tense my muscles and keep it out - if I had wanted to. I was a little surprised at only getting 10 strokes but at the same time I knew that there was more (of one sort or another) to come.
Jon played with the lever for a minute or two, inspecting the mechanics and pressure and pulled it out a couple of times and let it spring back into me. He unfastened the restrains after that and told me to lay back against the 'wheel of fortune' he strapped first one ankle in place, then lifted me up so that the seconds strap could be fastened on my other ankle.
That was the hardest bit and it wasn't long before I was spread-eagle on the wheel. When he released the wheel and started to turn it round I felt a bit funny. If Jon was going to spin the wheel fast I was going to get dizzy. I think that Jon wasn't too sure about the fastenings and what would happen to them (and me - I hope) when I was on my side and upside down because he turned the wheel only slowly and stopped it in various places to see what happened.
After one full revolution he decided (and I'm glad he did) that I needed to be strapped on over my waist. I was all right when I was upside-down but when I was on my side I was sliding down a bit and it hurt my wrists and ankles. Fortunately the joiner had anticipated that and had left various holes in the wheel and some padded nylon straps with velcro fasteners. Jon put a strap over my waist and turned the wheel again.
When I was upside-down Jon stopped the wheel and asked me how I was. When I said, "OK" he said, "I thought that you were, the signs are there." It was then that I realised that my spread pussy was at his head height and that the juices that had started to flow when I was on the 'whipping-T' were still there. If anything they were increasing, there's something about having my spread pussy right in front of a man's face (even one that I know well) that just gets me excited. I don't know if it's the vulnerability or the exhibitionist in me or what. I've recently realised that I am a bit of an exhibitionist. I must have been all along but it took Jon to bring it out in me.
Jon then decided to spin the wheel right round a few times and then let go. It kept turning another 3 times before stopping with me upside-down. While I was going round I had some strange feelings. Apart from getting a bit dizzy I was starting to get excited, but I don't know why (not that I'm complaining).
Jon left me upside-down for about 5 minutes before coming back with the remote controlled vibrator and easily pushing it into me. When he switched it on it felt like it was sliding further into me and the pleasure that I was getting from it seemed to be increased. I don't know if it was because I was upside-down and my blood was rushing to my head, or what, but I was coming to an orgasm fast. Jon spotted this and switched the vibe off. He wasn't ready for me to come yet. He decided to get the vibe out of me but he couldn't manage to get it and his poking around in me was just what I needed to make me cum.
Jon was a bit disappointed by that and decided to un-strap me and let me down. Because I had cum before he wanted me to he decided to punish me again. This time I had to lay face down on the bottom part of the 'whipping-T' (Jon took the dildo out first). He then fastened my wrist over the top part of the 'T' and my ankles to the legs of the bottom part of the 'T'.
This left me in an 'L' shape with my pubic bone pressing against the 'T' and my ass and pussy in a very vulnerable position. This time Jon decided to use the cane, fortunately he only gave me 5 strokes, the last one got my pussy with the tip of the cane and I screamed before saying
"5 - thank you Master."
He left me restrained there for what seemed like hours before sending me to bed. I'd been pressing my pubic bone onto the 'T' trying to get some relief from the desires that had been started earlier and then been inflamed when the cane got my pussy with the last stroke, but relief was not to come and when Jon sent me to bed he cuffed my wrists behind my back so that I couldn't finish myself off. That was very frustrating and I'm sure that Jon knew what he was doing.
Week commencing October 5
Quite a boring week really, Jon worked late most nights and I didn't see him much. Even my trip to Tesco was boring, I didn't see anyone trying to see up my short skirt or see Bridie. I guess that I'd picked her day off.
Saturday October 10
We went into town in the morning. Jon had me wear just my shoes and my coat. While we were in town he bought me a suspender belt and some stockings. It's going to be nice to have something to keep me a bit warmer when I go out over the next 6 months or so. I just hope that I can wear the suspender belt without it showing below my short dresses.
In the afternoon Jon decided that he wanted the plaster of Paris mould of the top part of my body but he wanted my breasts to be pointing out at 90 degrees and my nipples to be as hard as they ever get. The breasts pointing out was easy to work out, Jon said that he would use the ropes, rings and the motor to suspend me from the ceiling face down but the nipples were a bit more difficult. Easy to get them hard when we started was easy but keeping then that was while the Plaster of Paris set hard was something else.
In the end Jon decided that it was a question of keeping me cold and aroused. So we worked out which rings and ropes we would use and then he covered my body from neck to waste in vaseline. That alone got my nipples hard but he then sent me outside for 30 minutes, naked. England in October is never warm but this autumn is a lot colder than the average and it was freezing. My nipples were so hard that they hurt.
When Jon finally let me in it was straight upstairs and on with the ropes and up in the air. When I was about 4 feet in the air Jon put some cling-film down my sides to get a joint in the mould, and then started putting the tea towels soaked in the plaster of Paris on me. I just hoped that the goose bumps that were all over my body wouldn't show in the mould. When he had done, it was just a question of waiting for it to dry. To make sure that my nipples stayed hard Jon got a vibrator, switched it on and worked it into me. He also left the window open so that I would still be cold. Then he left me while the stuff dried. I'm sure that it dried long before Jon came back to me because I was having trouble being able to breath deeply as the vibe did its work.
When Jon lowered me to the ground he told me to be careful that I didn't do the mould any damage as I got onto my feet. Jon had real trouble getting the mould off in 2 pieces as the clink-film had disappeared down my right side. In the end he had to prise it off me and it broke. Fortunately only into 2 pieces that could easily be joined. As I went for a shower Jon joined the 2 pieces together with more plaster of Paris.
Later he started to trim the bottom off it so that it matched the mould of my lower body. He then joined the 2 moulds together with yet more plaster of Paris and he spent ages making the inside of the join all smooth. He told me that we would fill it with silicone later.
That night Jon took me to a pub in a village by a canal. I had to wear shoes, suspender belt, stockings and my coat. Nothing else. They had an open fire in the pub and it was quite warm. I felt a bit out of place being the only one who was wearing a coat but I would have looked even more out of place if I'd taken it off. I also had trouble with not being able to cross my legs and the fact that my coat doesn't have any buttons. It kept wanting to lay in an inverted 'V' from the belt down. This left a clear view right up my legs. I'm sure that if (when) anyone looked they would be able to see my bare pubes. I didn't notice anyone looking but I'm sure that some of the men in there must have had a look.
On the way home Jon decided that he wanted me to give him a blowjob. He told me to take my coat off, unzip him and get to work whilst he was still driving. There wasn't much room between him and the steering wheel but I managed it and had just finished licking him clean when we arrived home. There were a couple of times when Jon had to swerve a bit and I couldn't see if it was something on the road or the effect that I was having on him. Hope it was me. I always enjoy the taste of Jon's cum. He made me carry my coat into the house and wait by the car while he unlocked the door - it was cold.
Sunday October 11
I woke-up with a soaking pussy and 2 of my fingers inside me. I must have been having what Jon calls a 'wet dream.' I wasn't going to waste my sleeping efforts and finished the job before getting up.
After reading the papers Jon went to B&Q and came back with buckets of some sort of white silicone. He then got me to cover the entire inside on the mould with Vaseline before he blocked-off the arm and leg holes, and pushed a dildo in the pussy hole. Next he tipped the buckets of silicone in through the neck hole and we left it to set. John reckoned that we should leave it for about a week to make sure that it had gone solid.
That evening Jon took me for a meal at a pub in town. Nothing special, and we didn't stay long. I was wearing just my black pencil dress and shoes and because of the cold and the fact that Jon sat us near the door, my nipples were hard for most of the evening. That got me a bit of attention but not much. We were sat behind a big low(ish) table so no one would have been able to see up my dress - unless they got down onto their knees.
On the way home the car started making funny noises as Jon put brakes on. He told me that he would get a lift to work in the morning, and that I had to take the car into the garage to get it seen to.
Week commencing October 12
Monday - About mid morning I put my newish cheesecloth dress on (the sun was shining and it looked warm) and took the car to Kwik-fit. I had to wait ages for someone to talk to me but I could see the mechanics looking at me. I had been wandering round the workshop to fill-in the time and hadn't realised that there was a pit underneath one of the cars. It was only when I heard a mechanic wolf-whistle and looked for where the noise had come for that I noticed it, and him - looking right up my dress. Not wanting to spoil his fun, nor mine, I pretended not to notice him and stayed where I was. I was feeling brave and lifted one foot onto the wheel of the parked car pretending to adjust the fastening on my shoe. That must have given him a right eyeful. It got me a little excited and I felt a little rush of juices.
One of the other mechanics came up to me and asked me what he could do for me. He was a bit of a hunk and I was tempted to tell him, but after a couple of seconds I told him about the noise that the car was making. He said that he thought he knew what it would be and asked me to bring it into a vacant slot. When I brought it in he opened the driver's door for me to get out.
Not thinking (or maybe I was) I swung one leg out, it was only as I swung the other leg out that I saw his face and where his eyes were looking - right at my bare pussy. When I stood up he asked me if I had put the hand brake on. When I said, "yes" he asked me to take it off as he couldn't work on the brakes with it on. He opened the door for me and I leaned in over the seat to the hand brake. I could feel the back of my dress riding up over my butt and nearly to my waist. I pretended to be having difficulty with the hand brake and stayed like that for what seemed like 10 minutes, but in reality it was probably only a few seconds. I heard the wolf-whistle again and remembered that the mechanic in the pit was right behind me as well. That was at least two of them that were getting a great view of my ass and pussy. The juices were flowing again.
When I stood up my mechanic had a big grin on his face, but very professionally told me that I could wait until the job was done in the waiting room at the end of the workshop. I thanked him and walked towards the waiting room. As I was walking along the side of the workshop I passed a hole in the wall as a young mechanic was walking out of it carrying an open bottle of something. I didn't see him straight away and he wasn't concentrating on where he was going and we collided. Part of the contents of the bottle splashed right down the front of my dress. As the lad backed away from me I could see that most of the liquid had splashed down him. "That's acid" the lad said and shouted "Pete, I've spilt some acid on a customer."
Pete was quick off the mark and was there in seconds. He took one look at us and said,
"quick, clothes off and into the shower, that acid will burn your skin."
It was then that I started to feel a tingling round the wet area of my stomach. I guessed that he wasn't joking. What else could I do, not wanting to pull the dress over my head I pulled it off my shoulders and wriggled out of it. There I was naked in the middle of a garage full of mechanics and a couple of customers, but I wasn't really worried about that, it was the tingling on my stomach that was getting to be a slight burning feeling.
Meanwhile the young mechanic had just about got his overalls off and was in the process of dropping his trousers. At the same time Pete was pulling his sweatshirt off. Within seconds he was down to his boxers and Pete was leading us to the shower which was in the toilet area at the other end of the workshop. As we were running down the workshop I noticed that everyone had stopped whatever they were doing and were watching us. Before I knew it we were both in the shower getting a real good soaking. Pete said,
"stay in there for 10 full minutes, both of you, and let the water wash over the area that got the acid on."
Pete left us to stand there facing each other. After I had collected my thoughts I asked the lad what his name was. It was Darren. I said,
"Darren, you should really take those off (pointing to the boxers), you should let the water get straight onto your skin."
At first Darren didn't seem too keen to take his boxer shorts off but then he did saying
"yes, I suppose you're right."
We both stood there, two total strangers, naked and inches apart with the shower pouring water down our fronts. After a couple of minutes I was feeling okay and I guess that Darren was too because he was starting to get an erection. I saw it as we both looked each other up and down. I then felt it as it started to rise and touch my right thigh just below my pussy. Darren backed-off a bit and apologised. It wasn't his fault, I suppose that any red-blooded male in that situation would get a hard-on, so I said,
"that's okay, I'll take it as a compliment."
He said, "well yes, you do have a gorgeous body."
"Yours isn't so bad either" I replied. Just then Pete came back with a couple of towels for us. I turned the shower off and turned towards Pete who said,
"I can see why Darren's happy. Get dried and put these on. Then come into the office - both of you."
As we were towelling down I asked Darren if he was okay and he said,
"yes."
He asked me the same and then apologised for the accident.
"These things happen" I said, then
"at least I got to see a handsome young man naked"
as I looked at his still erect dick. Darren replied saying
"In a way I'm glad it happened too, its not every day that we get a naked lady in the workshop, you'll have made the lads day and I've never had a shower with a gorgeous naked lady."
"Try it, it can be lots of fun" I said.
Darren then said that we had better put on the paper overalls that Pete had left for us and go to the office. He said that he was expecting to get into a lot of trouble for what had happened.
Back in the office Pete asked us if we were both okay and apologised for everything. He told me that there were a number of accident forms that had to be filled-in and got us both a cup of coffee while we answered his questions. He started to give Darren a bollocking but I stopped him by saying that it was probably just as much my fault as Darren's. When we'd finished Pete gave me my dress - in a polythene bag. He said that if I got it out of the bag it would probably look okay, just wet but he guaranteed that within a few hours there would be big holes in it. The best place for it, he said, was in the rubbish bin. I said,
"OK"
and he then asked me how much it cost. I told him that it cost about 60 so he went to the sales counter till, came back and gave me 100 and said, "I hope the difference makes-up for all the trouble that you've had."
I was just about to say something when another mechanic came in and told us that my car was fixed. Pete said that the repairs were on them as well and apologised again. Darren said that he was really sorry as well but I noticed a slight smile on his face. As I was walking to Jon's car I couldn't help noticing that all the mechanics were looking at me. I smiled at the nearest one, got in, and drove off. I was quite pleased with the way thing had worked out, I'd made a nice profit and had lots of men look at my naked body. A good day.
That night when I was telling Jon all about my day he had a real good look at all the front of my body he said that battery acid can be really dangerous and that I had been quite lucky. He said that it was a shame about the dress as he liked that one but that we would go and get another one at the weekend. He asked me if I'd enjoyed my time in the shower with Darren and asked me if Darren had tried to touch me. I think (hope) that Jon was being protective of me.
The rest of the week was nowhere near as exciting as the Monday. Saw Bridie when I went to Tesco and she asked if she could come round to see me on the Friday which was her day off.
Friday - Bridie arrived mid morning and we had a real good chat over a coffee. At one point she said that she felt a little over-dressed with her wearing a skirt and top and me wearing nothing. I told her that she could easily remedy that. She smiled, stood up and took first her woolly top revealing that she wasn't wearing a bra, then her skirt. She wasn't wearing knickers either. Nor tights or stockings.
Apparently her mother had told her off saying that without tights she would catch her death of cold. If only she'd known. Bridie said that she often didn't wear underwear now. She said that her luck with boys had improved over the month or so since she'd been round and that she'd been out with 2 boys. The first one had been a bit of 'a boring bugger' (her words) and she had finished with him when he showed more interest in drinking with his mates than with her.
She was still seeing the second boy and he had cum in his pants when he found out that she wasn't wearing any knickers. They were in a pub at the time and he'd been a bit embarrassed. They were going out the next night and she was hoping that he would try something. She said that if he didn't she would keep flashing her pussy at him until he did.
Bridie told me that she'd even gone to work with no underwear a few times and had felt a little excited all day, especially when she'd been serving men. She said that she'd been tempted to say to some of them
"there's your change, and did you know that I'm not wearing any knickers."
We both had a good laugh over that.
When we'd finished the coffee I showed her the new conservatory. Even though it was cold and wet outside it was warm in the conservatory. Bridie said that with all that glass she felt as if she were standing outside. I said that we could go for a run round the garden if she liked, but she declined the offer - I wonder why?
We had some lunch then I took her upstairs to the new punishment room. She was amazed when she saw what was in there. I had to explain how some of it worked, even showing her some of the positions that I had to get into. I asked her to climb onto the top part of the 'whipping-T' and I strapped her wrists down before she realised what I was doing.
I then managed to strap her ankles down and asked her what she felt like.
"Vulnerable and exposed" she said.
I asked her if she would like me to use the cane on her back-side (only gentle) but she wasn't at all keen and said that she couldn't stand pain. But I did take advantage of her being in that position with her pussy wide open. She kept saying that it wasn't fair as I first played with her with my fingers then my mouth. I kissed, licked and sucked that lovely young pussy as she moaned and pleaded for me to make her cum but each time she got near I backed off, I wanted to make it last as long as I could. I know the pleasure that that brings me.
All that time she was laid on the 'T' looking at the dildo that was at the end of the bottom part of the 'T'. I just knew by the look on her face that she was wanting to be sitting on that dildo. I was as well, giving her that pleasure had made me get excited and my pussy was quite wet. I was really making her suffer and she was so desperate to cum that when I suggested that she climb onto the 'T' and impale herself, she couldn't wait to do it but I made her promise to eat me out afterwards. I think that she would have promised to run naked through Derby city centre at lunchtime on a Saturday at that moment.
I wasn't going to let her make the same mistake as me and I got a chair for her to be able to put her weight on and after a slow start she was riding that dildo for all she was worth. It didn't take long for her to cum and after a lot of moaning and a bit of screaming she started again. After the second orgasm I switched the motor off and she just sat there for ages before climbing off saying that it was brilliant. I told her what had happened to me and she said that she would 'kiss me better'. I asked her if she knew which part of me suffered and she put her hand on my pubic bone and pussy and smiled. We looked at each other for an intense moment before she bent her knees and started kissing my stomach and pussy. I grabbed her hand and led her into my bedroom. We spent the next couple of hours making love to each other before I went downstairs to get a drink.
While I was in the kitchen there was a quiet knock on the front door. It was about the time that the paper-girl calls for her money so I opened the door and was inviting her in when I realised that it was a boy, the one that had seen me naked many times before. After the initial shock I invited him into the kitchen while I got his money out of my purse. While he was having a good look at me he was telling me about them changing rounds. As he was talking I heard Bridie come downstairs asking why I was taking so long. As she walked into the kitchen she just froze and after a few seconds she tried to cover herself with her hands, went bright red, then she said,
"Hello Tom."
Bridie was looking round for something to cover herself as I said, "I take it that you two know each other. It's pointless trying to cover yourself, he's already seen everything, and anyway he's been looking at my body for months." I got them talking and it turned out that he was the son of a neighbour of Bridie. She was still shocked as I said that it was only fair that we saw him naked.
He was with 2 naked women and he still had his clothes on. When I said that if it had been him and one of his mates that were naked and that there had been a young girl there with her clothes on he would have wanted to even things up. He agreed with that but wasn't rushing to strip. Bridie agreed with me and said that it was only right that things were evened-up. He had something on her and it was only right that he did something to even things up. After a few silent seconds he stood up and took his jacket off. He took his shirt and jeans off but wasn't going to drop his jocks until I lifted a foot onto a chair and let him have a good look at my pussy.
The poor lad's dick sprung out of his pants as he pulled the waistband out and down. It wasn't a bad size for his age, but not as big as Jon's though.
"I suppose that I'll have to do something about that"
I said and grabbed hold of it as he stared at Bridie. It wasn't long before he was shooting his cum across the kitchen floor. He got embarrassed by that, grabbed his pants and pulled them on.
"That wasn't so bad was it" I said,
"and now you won't say anything about Bridie, will you?"
"No" he said as he put the rest of his clothes on and went towards the door.
I told him that he could tell his mates what had happened, but nor where, or who with. He left with a grin on his face. I looked at Bridie and we both burst out laughing. We went back upstairs and had a pleasant shower together before she got dressed and left just as Jon arrived home. She promised to let us know when she wanted to go out for a drink with us. I hope it won't be too long.
Jon wasn't happy that his tea wasn't ready and told me to 'assume the position' while he decided what punishment to give me. I was kept on my knees with my hands on the floor behind me and my knees wide open for about 5 minutes before he had me bend over the kitchen table with my feet wide apart. He gave my backside 50 hard slaps with his hand as I counted each one. I think that he must have been tired as I was expecting more. I didn't even cry, but my backside was quite warm and I was getting a little wet between my legs.
Saturday October 17
Jon kept his promise and took me to the big shopping centre just outside Sheffield. As it was another cold day Jon let me wear my coat, but nothing else other than a pair of high-heels. We wandered round lots of shops, not just looking for a dress but looking at things for Jon, the house and for me. I tried a couple of dresses on in different shops but I didn't have any opportunities for any fun. The nearest I got to that was when it only took me seconds to take my coat off, put the dress on and get back out to show Jon. The girl at the entrance to the changing cubicles gave me a funny look and said,
"that was quick."
"It doesn't take long when you're only wearing a coat"
I replied but she didn't say anything else. The look on her face told me that she wasn't sure whether to believe me or not.
Down by the food hall we found an area that looked a bit like an indoor market. As we were walking past a shop that sold materials, Jon suddenly dragged me in and told me to look for some thin flesh coloured material. I eventually found some and then Jon told me to get enough for me to make a bikini for myself. That doesn't take much so I only got a meter of it.
Going up the escalator Jon whispered that there was a man behind me that looked like he needed cheering-up and he told me to turn round and open my coat and give him a quick flash. I did but hadn't bargained on the 2 youths behind him. One of them got just as good a look at my body as the then happy man. I pulled my coat sides together and turned round hearing one youth say to the other
"did you see that? that bird just flashed her tits and cunt at me."
I didn't hear what the other one said as we were by then walking off the top of the escalator. I did catch a glimpse of the unhappy man though, he had a big grin on his face. I was glad that Jon told me to do that, I got a bit of a thrill from it.
It was late afternoon before we found a shop that sold dresses like the cheesecloth one that had got acid on it. In the same baggy style that Jon wanted, they had cheesecloth and cotton ones and ones that nearly came down to my knees and ones that were so short that they were really just long tops. Some of them never even covered my ass.
Jon selected 4 from the racks and sent me to try them on. I had to come out of the cubicle to show him each one and the 2 youngish sales women watched my every move. When I came out wearing one that didn't cover my ass (or pussy) and Jon told me to give him a 'twirl', the 2 women got a real good view of my pussy and ass. They were talking to each other as well as looking and when I was changing into the next dress one of them came over and asked if everything was all right. I hadn't closed the curtain and I was naked when she turned the corner and saw me. She looked at me, then Jon, then back to me. Jon said that we were looking for a dress that was very baggy and when I bent over the top would hang down giving anyone in front a good view of my breasts and anyone behind a good view of my bottom.
The sales woman said that they had lots like that and that I should come out into the main shop area and try then on near the racks. There was no one else in the shop, the other sales woman wouldn't mind and it would save time as they were about to close she said. As she was telling me this I looked out and saw the other sales woman locking the door.
The 4 of us were alone and I was being invited to walk around the shop naked. That didn't worry me, quite the reverse, it made me get a little excited. I knew that Jon wouldn't mind, and I guess that the 2 sales women liked the idea, maybe they were lesbians. It wasn't long before Jon and the 2 sales women were all picking dresses off the racks and telling me to try them on. It ended up as a little fashion show with me as the only model. The women gave me some pairs of shoes to try on with the different dresses. I think that they just wanted me to bend over in front of them. This was okay with me, I didn't fancy either of them (one was fat and ugly), but I knew that Jon would look after me.
I made a big deal of flashing my wet pussy to them and Jon as I bent over to fasten the shoes. It was fun and I was getting lots of attention. In the end Jon stopped everything by say that he had decided which one we would buy. It was a thin cotton one that hardly touched my body apart from my shoulder and breasts. As I bent forwards it rode up my backside and hung way down in front of me. I could look down my front and see all my bare body, right past my pussy. Jon told me to take it off again and get dressed. The 2 women looked a little surprised when I put just a coat on.
As Jon paid for the dress one of the women told us that we were welcome back anytime, with a big emphasis on the anytime. She said that they were proud of their 'individual attention'. I don't think that I shall worry too much if we don't go back. That night Jon took me for a drink at a pub somewhere out in the country. I wore my burgundy jacket with matching short skirt. The place was crowded and we only just managed to get a seat. Just before we left Jon told me that because of the way I was sat,my jacket was bunched up a bit and that he had been looking at my right breast for most of the evening. He said that if he could see it then anyone walking passed would have been able to see it as well. I'd noticed one or two men walking passed and looking at me but I'd assumed that it was my short skirt.
Sunday October 18
After the usual newspaper reading ritual we set to work on taking the plaster of Paris off the silicone mould. Jon told me to take it easy as the silicone would be very 'rubbery' and easy to damage with the sharp knife that I was using. It took us about an hour and when we had finished I felt a little strange looking at something that was an identical shape to me. 'My' pussy looked very strange with the big hole where the dildo had been. It even had all the folds of my pussy lips. Rubbing my hand over it made me get a little excited. The breasts looked better than mine did. They were more cone shaped, more like mine were when they were just developing, but the nipples were definitely not like mine were when I was a kid. They are just like they are now (well not this minute). Jon making me stay out in the cold before the plaster of Paris was put on really had been worthwhile. In Jon's words
"just like chapel hat pegs."
After lunch I realised that wasn't feeling well and Jon told me to go to bed.
...continued in Part 7