I had just graduated from high school and was ready to enjoy the summer before going to college. On my first day of vacation, I just wanted sleep in and then lay out by our pool. Both of my parents are at work, so I am the only one home. We have a privacy fence around our yard, so this year I want to tan naked, no more white parts I told myself. Just the thought of being naked outside gave me a little thrill and put a smile on my face, but also made me nervous.
I cautiously walked to the kitchen naked, making sure my parents were actually gone, I would be completely embarrassed if one of them saw me. I can't believe how nervous walking around naked in my own house. The cool morning air gave me goose bumps all over my body and my puffy nipples became hard from the cool air. While getting breakfast, I felt different, just because I am naked. While eating breakfast, I cleaned up the kitchen and loaded all of the dishes from the sink into the dishwasher for my mother. Keeping myself busy, helped take my mind off of me being naked.
Once I finished breakfast, I slowly walked out to the pool. I looked around just to make sure nobody was around. The sun was coming over the roof top, so I moved a lounge chair so I was facing the sun, then laid down. Once the sun hit my body, it felt so warm and inviting. I ran my hands over my breasts, my goose bumps have disappeared and my nipple became soft again with the warm sun. I soon began to relax and it wasn't long till I fell asleep. When I awoke and lifted my head, I was still spread out like I had been earlier. I didn't know how long I had been laying there until I looked at my phone. It had been almost two hours. I was hot and thirsty, so I got up and went in to the house.
In the kitchen, I got some water to drink and stood at the sink looking out the window to the pool. I then noticed there was a glass in the sink, the type of glass my father uses. I began to panic, did my father come home, did he see me. I know I had emptied the sink earlier, then I look out to the chair where I was laying. It was only about 15 feet from the kitchen window. Oh my god, he had to have seen me there with my legs spread wide open. My face turned red and I felt a rush of heat come over me. Then I thought, why didn't he say anything, then I realized how embarrassing it would have been to get me wake, then tell me to go put on some clothes. I began to hope he turned and walked away when he saw me. I looked at the sink again and it was wet, he must of washed there, how long was he there till he saw me, I began to wonder.
I got embarrassed at the thought of seeing him later this evening. I became filled with dread, will he wait till tonight to yell at me, or will he have my mother scold me. My thoughts turned to my punishment, grounded or lose the car. I went to my room and put on my bikini, then mulled about. Katie, my best friend was coming over to hang out with me, so I'll ask her what she thinks. Katie lives across the street and we are more like sisters. We are both the only child, and our families hang out together.
When Katie got there we went out by the pool and then I told her about what happen and that I might be grounded.
Katie: You know there is another possibility.
Jessica: What's that?
Katie: He liked looking at you.
Jessica: Shut up!
Katie: I am just saying, you are a hottie and guys like to look.
Jessica: I'm his daughter, he would not think of me like that. You are a hottie too! Does your father look at you?
Katie: I have caught him looking at me a several times.
Jessica: Oh My God, are you serious?
Katie: Yes. I get embarrassed when I catch him looking. But in a way, I kind of like it. By the way, how is it you never asked me if I wanted to tan naked?
Jessica: I don't know, I just thought two girls together naked would be you know, weird. And if someone caught us, what would they think?
Katie: Well your father caught you naked, what do you believe he thinks of you? How much different would it be if your father caught us both naked.
Jessica: I don't know, maybe he would like looking at you. But I don't think he would look at me that way.
Katie: So how about we tan naked then? I would like an all over tan.
Jessica: I guess we can. I mean, I doubt my father will come back again till after work. Besides, I guess I can't get in any more trouble than I am already in.
We both took off our bikinis. I have seen Katie in the showers at gym class many times before, but to see her nude in the bright sunlight, she looks gorgeous. Her long flowing blonde hair, her pouty lips, and cute button nose. Then her C cup breasts with her up turned nipples poking out. She is completely shaved like me and she has a nice round butt. I can see why her father looks at her.
Jessica: I had fallen asleep on my back earlier, I need to lay on my stomach for a while. Let me put some lotion on your back, then can you do me.
Katie: Sure, I would like that, as I rolled on to my stomach.
Jessica: I began to rub lotion on to Katie's back, like I have done so many times before, but now that we are both naked, it's different. It's more erotic and I am having thoughts and feelings I never had before. I moved to Katie's legs. As I began rubbing in the lotion, I felt the muscle of the calf on her leg, nice and firm, her legs are smooth with a slight tan. As I moved up to her thigh, I see her pussy and ass. I have never seen her like this before. Her tiny labia was just peaking out. The skin around her pussy and asshole are just a shade darker then the rest of her skin. She has a few tiny stretch marks on each side of her ass from her growth spurt last year.
Thinking about Katie this way had my mind reeling and my mouth dry. I was becoming very nervous. I began to enjoy touching Katie's body. I heard Katie taking deep, heavy breaths. As I finished her legs, she opened them wider. Almost done, I told myself. I just have her ass to do, which I have done before when she was wearing bottoms, so no big deal I told myself. I squirted some lotion on to my hands, then I began rubbing her ass. She was nice and smooth, fairly firm.
As I rubbed, the crack of her ass opened. I saw her puckered ass hole, it was like it was winking at me. I thought to myself, oh god what am I doing, but I could not stop. Almost done, I told myself. Then I ran my hands in to the crack of her ass and let them slide down over her asshole to her pussy. Katie let out a soft moan. I did it again and then I abruptly stopped. I was enjoying this way too much, I had to get away from her before I embarrass myself. I quickly said all done and got up. I was feeling hot and excited. I never felt like this before with anyone.
I asked Katie if she wanted something to drink as I started walking to the house. I needed some time to collect myself and cool down. In the house I left out a sigh of relief, I never thought I would be so turned on touching a girl. I got the drinks and headed back to the pool, trying to shake off the feelings I was having.
Katie: When I heard Jessica returning, I got up from the chair. She had almost given me an orgasm while putting on the lotion. Jessica touching me felt so good, I don't know what had come over me. I never felt like this before, Jessica touching my body had me so excited. I wondered if Jessica knew what she had done to me. I watched as she walked out. Her brown hair just falling off her shoulders, her brown eyes and the cutest little smile, with those perky 32B breasts topped off with areola the size of a half dollar and her eraser size, dark pink nipples, which were hard. I had never thought this way about her before and I can certainly see why her father would want to watch her, she is gorgeous.
After she handed me a drink, I told Jessica "it's your turn, go ahead and lay down." Jessica kept her legs together once she was on the chair. I began at her shoulders rubbing in the lotion down to her waist. Then I began at her feet, lifting her legs, which opened them. That is when I saw her pussy, her labia was open like a cute little butterfly and she was wet! OMG, she is just excited as I am. Up her leg I slowly moved. Her legs were taut and firm. I watched as my finger tips just grazed her pussy.
Every time my fingers touched her pussy, I heard Jessica take in a deep breath. I only had her ass to do. I squeezed a large dollop of lotion right in to her ass crack. I began smearing the lotion over her ass, pulling her cheeks apart and then pushing them together. I wanted to touch her pussy and moved my thumbs so they were gently sliding over her labia, I heard Jessica moan. I wanted to touch her as much as she liked being touched. I kept rubbing her pussy all the while she was gasping for air. My thumbs were wet and I now knew what I needed to do. I reached under and rubbed her clit, Jessica tensed up and let out a loud moan. I had just given her an orgasm. I backed away, afraid of what Jess was going to say. Jess turned over, her face was flush. I didn't know what to say.
Jessica: Katie, I never felt anything like that before. I never thought about you and I, us, doing something like that. But, but, it was so intense and felt wonderful.
Katie: You are not mad at me?
Jessica: I smiled at Katie. I got up and went to Katie and hugged her, then without thinking, I kissed her on the mouth. Katie returned the kiss and she began to feel my breasts. I kissed Katie again and then said, I am not mad at you, it was wonderful. I want to make you feel as good as you did me, but first let me have some time to collect myself. I kissed Katie and she opened her mouth and sucked in my tongue. We kissed for another minute, then Katie pulled away. We both sat down and laid on the chairs.
Katie: I was thinking about what just happen and how good it felt touching Jessica. Then I said "What do you think you father would say if he had seen that?"
Jessica: I smiled then said, "I think that he would of enjoyed that, you know guys always want women to make out. I know I really enjoyed that." We both laid in the sun. Occasionally one of us would talk to the other about something or another. However, I kept thinking about Katie and how I wanted to touch her. After a while I got a text from my mother, she is going grocery shopping after work today. I told Katie, then looked at the time. We had two hours before my father gets home from work. I said "Katie come with me." I grabbed her hand and walked to the outside shower and turned it on. As we stood under the water, I began to wash the lotion off Katie and caressed her body, as she did the same to me.
Katie: This feels nice Jess.
Jessica: I hope to make you feel much better, then I kissed her and we began making out. After we cleaned up, we walked hand in hand over to the chairs. I kissed Katie, then I knelt down and began sucking on her nipples while fondling her breasts. I lowered my hand to her pussy. As I began rubbing her pussy, Katie began to moan and tried to ride my hand. I pulled away and asked Katie to lie on the chair. I got on my knees and began to kiss and caress her legs. I open her legs and kissed up her thighs till I reached her pussy. Katie watched as I stuck out my tongue and lowered my head, then licked her pussy from the bottom to top and then back again. She was squirming in the chair, moaning. I began in earnest to eat her pussy and nibble on her labia. She moaned and groaned and arched her back trying to push her pussy to my mouth. I opened my mouth wide and covered her pussy and let my teeth scrape over her mound. That did it, she had an intense orgasm and I could feel her pussy spasm on my tongue.
Katie: It took me a minute to regain control of my body. I pulled Jessica to me and kissed her. I tasted myself on her lips. I then said "I want to taste you."
Jessica: I have never been so horny before, I would do anything. I straddled Katie's face and watched as I lowered myself on to her mouth. When I felt her tongue on my pussy, I began to have an orgasm. I leaned forward and put my mouth on Katie's pussy, we both began to eat each other. Licking and sucking each other uncontrollably. After several orgasms I got up, then laid down with Katie and we kissed and caressed each other.
Katie: Wow! I have never felt anything like that before. Now I know why guys always are looking for sex. It is fantastic.
Jessica: Sex with you is fantastic, I can only imaging what it would be like to have a cock in my pussy, but I can't believe it would be much better than that. I should of asked you to tan naked with me a long time ago, look at what we have been missing.
Jessica: It was great wasn't it. We kissed again. I looked at the time. My father will be home in about a half hour. Lets us put on some more lotion and our bottoms, then we can lay here till my father comes home. Once he comes out to us, we can put on our tops. We can see if he really does like to look. If he doesn't say anything about covering up, then we will know. To be honest Katie, it makes me incredibly horny knowing he was watched me.
Katie: Do you think your father will tell my father about what he saw? I mean they talk all of the time, they must talk about girls, right?
Jessica: I can't imagine that my father would tell your father about catching me naked. But just the thought of them talking about me is exciting. At this point, we still do not know if he is mad at me. So we will have to see how he reacts, before we can make any judgments. If he watches us put on our tops, he may tell your father what he saw.
My father came home and walked out to us. He was in a good mood, so we continued on with our plan. We slid on our tops as we all talked and as he watched. I know he saw plenty of side boob and maybe even a nipple. We adjusted our tops as we stood in front of him, with no sign of him being upset, his reaction was the exact opposite, he does like to watch. My father said he was going to order pizza so mom would not have to cook after she got home. I asked if Katie can stay the night. It was fine with him, so Katie called her parents and they said ok. My father then went inside.
Katie: Lets shower off the lotion and then go in. Can I borrow some cloths so we can let our swim suits dry out.
Jessica: That's a good idea. We came in the house and went to my room. My parents bedroom door was closed, I had to wonder what my father was doing in there.
Katie: Lets put on a little skirt and a tank top. Since it seems your father likes to look, lets give him a chance to see something. Maybe even flash your father. Just thinking about your father watching us has me horny. Jessica, I want you so bad right now. I kissed Jess.
Jessica: Stop. We can't now what if he sees us.
Katie: That's what is making me so excited. Him watching us.
Jessica: Lets just cool it for now. Lets put our bikinis outside to dry. We can go swimming again later. Nothing happened while we ate and helped my mother. Nothing was said about me tanning naked. The sun wasn't down yet so I suggested we all go for a swim. My father already had his shorts on and we followed him out, while my mother went to her bedroom to change. We picked up our bottoms and my father and I watched as Katie boldly pulled off her panties from under her skirt and pulled on her bikini bottoms, then pulled off her skirt. She turned her back to us, then pulled off her top and put on her bikini top. I didn't think Katie would be so brazen to showoff like that. But I too was horny, and being horny made me feel brave, willing to do anything, I thought Katie must be feeling the same way. My father said nothing to Katie about her lack of modesty. I went to take a step around my father while I was watching Katie and I ended up falling in the pool. I was so embarrassed for being such a klutz and quickly pulled myself out. I stood there looking at Katie and my father, in my soaking wet clothing.
Katie: Jess, you may want to put on your bikini. You can see-through your white skirt and top. I started laughing and so did Jessica's father.
Jessica: Almost in a panic, I quickly turned my ass towards my father and pulled off my top and put on my bikini top. I quickly pulled down my panties and stepped out of them. I tried to put on my bottoms quickly, but my wet skirt clung to my skin. I settled down a bit and got my bottoms about half way up, then pulled off my skirt. Leaving my ass uncovered and seen by my father till I was able to pull my bottoms up completely. By the time I was done I was so embarrassed, my face was all red. Once I turned around to Katie and my father, I said "I am such a klutz," then I let out an uneasy laugh. However, it was the most exciting thing that ever happen to me and I loved it and it made me even more horny.
We all jumped in to the pool and had some fun. When my mother and father went in to the house to clean up. Katie and I stayed in the pool and made out, both of us were horny from showing ourselves.
Katie: Your father got to see nearly everything of you with your little mishap earlier. When you bent over to step out of your panties, your pussy was peaking out from under your dress.
Jessica: I had to laugh. I told Katie that I think I like to be watched. It made me feel so alive and very excited with my father watching me put on my bikini. We finally left the pool and got a shower together. We put on some bikini panties and a tank top, something my father has seen me wear before, but it was the first time he will see Katie like that, and he did look at her, a lot.
The next morning after both of my parents had left for work, we immediately stripped off our clothes. After breakfast we went out to the pool and I asked Katie to masturbate, while I watch her. Seeing her touch herself had me so worked up. After she had an orgasm, she fell back on the chair to rest. I went over and kissed her and told her, that was awesome, it made me horny just watching you.
Katie: Having someone watch you makes it more intense and exciting. I see what you mean about liking to be watched. Will you masturbate, so I can watch you?
Jessica: I was hoping you would ask, I am so horny. I kissed Katie and asked if she was ready. I sat down across from her and began pulling on my nipples and squeezing my breasts. When my hand went to my pussy, I was so wet, we could hear my pussy making a squishing sound. I pulled my feet up and put them on the chair and spread myself wide open and began rubbing my pussy again. I watched Katie as I began rubbing myself faster and faster. I was taking in deep gasps of air. With my other hand, I played with my clit and then it happen. I had a huge orgasm and moaned loudly. I gently rubbed my pussy for a few moments, then lowered my feet. I licked off my fingers and after I caught my breath. I said to Katie, "Having someone watching me is an incredible turn on."
Katie: Watching you was hot. I am all excited again. See how wet I am.
Jessica: I checked the time, we had a while to go before it would be the same time as yesterday, when my father saw me. So we talked about what to do. We went in the house and got a few things ready, then waited in the house so see if my father would show up. We saw him pull up. Katie and I quickly ran to get everything setup and then went out to the pool. We were both excited to be showing ourselves and having my father watch us had us so nervous, but also very excited. We both laid down beside each other and began kissing. After a few minutes of making out, and without my father coming out to stop us. We knew he had to be enjoying the show we were giving him. Katie rolled on top of me and kissed down my body till she was hunched over eating my pussy, with her butt up and legs wide apart showing her pussy to my father.
As she ate me, I moaned louder, just so my father could hear me. I had an orgasm very quickly and Katie moved up and kissed me for a minute, then with her back to my father. She sat on my face while I ate her to an orgasm. Katie moved down and we kissed again, we then moved in to a sixty-nine position. We each had several more orgasm as we ate each other. Katie then moved beside me and we kissed and cuddled each other. When I could, I would take a glance at the kitchen window to see if my father was still there. When I felt it was safe, I slowly got up and said loudly enough for my father to hear, in case he was still there, let me get us something to drink. I slowly made my way to the house, giving my father time to escape. Once in the house, I saw his car was not there and told Katie it was safe.
Katie: I came running in to get the video camera we had hide, as Jess got the computer ready. We saw, Jessica's father come directly to the kitchen and as soon as he saw us, he got out his mobile and started videoing us. What amazed us even more, he opened his pants and jerked off, shooting his load in the kitchen sink. Then he washed his cum down the drain. I thought to myself, so that is why the sink was wet yesterday.
Jessica: For the rest of the day, Katie and I talked about what to do next.