Jenny had been divorced for about three years now and hadn't dated much. She owned a small but comfortable house where she lived with her two children, Tony and Debbie. Debbie was 19 and away from the house often, partying with friends. Tony was 18 and spent more time in house than his sister.
Jenny hadn't dated much since the divorce and when she did it usually left her feeling unsatisfied. She was beautiful with her red hair and fantastic, 37 year old body. She had rather muscular legs, curvy hips and if her weight ever fluctuated, it all went to the right places. Jenny's breasts were her pride and joy however; they were a very full 38DD and were tipped with the most sensitive long nipples. The areola was about the size of a small plum, but when erect they would stiffen and protrude almost two inches from the base. The abnormal length was attributed to the fact that she had breast fed both of her kids and also loved to suck on herself whenever she masturbated.
Jenny loved to tease men with her body. In fact, it was the one thing that turned her on the most. She never left the house without being totally 'put-together' and even dressed sexy when she stayed home. This had an unexpected effect on her young son who, from the time he hit puberty, began to take notice. In the evenings she would lounge in a thin red gown with panties and a pair of slip on heels.
At some point Jenny began to take notice of her handsome son's glances. Before long, it became obvious that he was very interested in her hot body, especially her luscious boobs. At first it bothered and embarrassed her a little, then something changed and it started to turn her on. Soon the idea of teasing her own son became the most fantastic arousal she had ever experienced. The dark, illicitness of an incestuous desire slowly grew into an outright obsession.
Tony began fantasizing about his mom while he was at school and would be eager to get home to see how she was dressed. The sexual electricity would hit him like a blast when he walked through the door. His mother, in turn, anticipated his arrival and began to push it further. Now she only wore skirts around him and always had silky vintage stockings underneath. Sometimes she would even forego donning a bra and allow her long, hard nipples to stick out of whatever flimsy blouse she chose. She would spend hours picking out just the right high heels to wear and would be dripping wet with excitement by the time he arrived home.
As they would eat dinner together or watch television, Jenny would present her embellished body to him in less and less subtle ways. The further she pushed it, the hornier they got. She would reach over him for something, waiving her huge tits near his face or absent mindedly adjust her stockings, being sure to give him a view of the dark tops at mid-thigh. Neither of the two would let on about what was transpiring between them, but at some point during the evening one would leave first to close themselves behind their bedroom or bathroom door and come quickly in a desperate fit of masturbation.
After a while Jenny could hardly stand to sit next to him without touching herself and vowed to herself that it was time for her son to see her naked. Tony was shy with girls and had never seen a woman completely nude before. Jenny knew this and thrilled at being his first. She concocted a plan, she would tease him unmercifully, and then retreat to her room as usual to masturbate but this time would leave her door cracked to allow him to watch.
Her daughter had plans on the intended evening and would be sure not to spoil their game. Jenny's hands were shaking as she attached the snaps of her garter belt to the tops of the black, seamed, Cuban heeled stockings that she had purchased that day. She was hornier than she had ever been in her life. "Oh my god", she breathed aloud, gliding a finger between her dripping pussy lips and drawing out a long strand of her thick fluids, "I want to fuck my own son." The sound of her own voice confessing this depraved secret caused her stomach to knot and feel queasy. Her nipples stood out stiff and hard from her quivering jugs as she lifted her fingers and smeared the cunt juice across her bright red lips.
She could have easily cum right then had she touched her aching clit, but she drew a breath and finished dressing for her fantasy lover. Tony's mother chose a pair of black panties and a black satin push-up bra that was slightly small, causing her ample flesh to bulge from the tops of the cups. A second later she decided to be extra bold and pulled her tits right out of the cups which made them stand straight out obscenely from her body. Over this she pulled a black satin nightgown with spaghetti straps and a plunging neckline that rested just above her knees. Incredibly high, black patent leather heels finished the daring outfit.
Jenny was in the kitchen and almost jumped as she heard the front door open and heard; "Mom, I'm home." The excited mother dipped her fingers deep into her sopping cunt and reapplied the slime to her parted lips. "In here baby, dinner's almost ready," She replied, bending over to reach into a low cabinet to display her round ass and seams. Tony stopped dead in his tracks and his large, young dick immediately became engorged at the sight before him. His mother's nightie was drawn up and stretched tight across the back of her butt and the front hung loose giving him a clear view of her swinging tits between her silken thighs. She stayed in this position as long as possible, pretending to search for a dish.
"Hi baby, are you hungry?" Jenny said as she turned and headed towards him. Tony's mouth went dry and hung open stupidly as he ogled his mom's massive tits. They bobbed and jiggled like mad as she clopped on her heels, rigid pointing nipples accentuated by the shiny satin. "Give mommy a kiss baby," Jenny purred as she placed her cum coated lips to her son's.
Tony's mother was breathing heavily with lust as she paraded around like this before him. She avoided any eye contact as to let him enjoy the view. She turned this way and that, giving him many juicy angles to admire her whorish attire as she set the dinner table. He was hard as a rock and when her back was turned, he adjusted his cock so that it was pointing down the leg of his loose pants and curving outward.
Jenny's hands were trembling from the filthy thoughts that ran through her mind. She fumbled with the silverware and dropped a fork onto the floor next to Tony's chair. When she looked down to see where it landed, her eyes met with the glorious sight of her boy's massive erection that was now straining against his pants and halfway down his strong thigh. As if in a trance, Tony's mom slowly squatted next to him to retrieve the fork, never taking her eyes off of his rigid dick. The whole event only took a few seconds, but to both of them it seemed to last for hours.
As she bent her knees, her long, nylon sheathed legs parted and her loose negligee hung open in front. Jenny knew that from his vantage point, Tony had a clear view of his mommy's hard nipples and wet panties. Her mouth hung open as she reached to place a hand on his thick shoulder and lean forward to grab the fork at his feet. Jenny's parted lips were only inches away from her baby's dick and as she marveled at its length, the shaft pulsed and the head stood out prominently through his pant leg. Jenny drew a deep breath as she watched a damp spot instantly appeared from his pre-cum.
Tony's mom resisted the strong urge to lean in and lick the cum from her son's leg. She grabbed the fork and almost dropped it again as she rose on her jittery legs. With her hand still resting on the boy's shoulder, Jenny leaned over her son and placed the fork on the table in front of him. This time it was her obscenely long nipples that were inches away from his mouth. She knew very well how much he craved to see them and she allowed him a nice long stare.
"Your mamma has trouble with her nipples." Jenny said as she stood upright, placing her fingers at her bulging tits to push them down. Shocked and excited by her unexpected boldness, Tony's mom turned and headed back into the kitchen to retrieve their dinner.
As soon as she was out of sight from the dining room Jenny leaned back onto the refrigerator and slipped her shaking fingers under her gown to find her black panties completely soaked. She brazenly dipped two fingers under the band and slid them into her dripping cunt. "Oh fuck," She whispered softly to herself as she sloshed her fingers noisily in and out of her throbbing hole. The slurping sounds of her pussy were very loud in the otherwise quiet house and Jenny knew that Tony could hear her. "Ugghh," She grunted aloud, lifting her other hand to pinch her nipples through the silky fabric as hard as she could.
Tony began squeezing his hard cock through his pants as he listened intently to the unmistakable sound of his mother's moaning and her sopping cunt. "I want to help you." Tony blurted, "Can I help you with anything mom?" "I'm almost there baby." Jenny replied, "It's going to be sooo good, you are really in for a treat tonight. MMmm, so good honey." Jenny groaned as she finger fucked herself. "Are you hungry for your mamma's dinner baby?" She said loudly in a desperate voice.
"God I need it so bad." Tony returned as he jacked off through his pants. "I'm starving for it." He continued, playing along with the dirty game.
"Its cumming, its cumming." She panted deliberately as the cream dripped down her thighs and soaked the top of her shiny stockings. Jenny stopped herself from having an orgasm just in time; she wanted to save that for him to see.
After regaining some composure, the slutty mom rounded the corner with pasta in hand. Her son's hand remained on his cock long enough for her to see that he had been touching himself as he listened. "Dig in sugar," Jenny said seductively, "Eat it up. I'm feeling a little light headed, I think I'm gonna go lie down in bed." Then she turned on her heels and walked out of the kitchen.
Tony watched his mom's rounded ass jiggle as she headed for bed. He ate a few bites, and then followed, hoping to hear more through her door. The hallway leading to her room was dark and he quietly approached to find her door cracked just enough for him to peer in without being seen. He hesitated momentarily for fear of being caught, but this only drove the lust within him wilder. Silently he grew near enough to see her lying in her bed and facing him with her head propped up on a pile of pillows.
Immediately he unzipped his pants to release his hard-on. Tony felt that if he even touched the head of his dick he would cum right then, so he just pushed in at the base of his shaft and watched.
His mother began sliding her hands up and down her sides, slowly drawing up the hem of her gown until it rested just above the dark black bands of her expensive hose. Her legs were crossed at the ankles and she was still wearing her pumps. She then reached over and opened the drawer of her night stand and produced two long black satin opera gloves which she slowly pulled onto and up her pretty arms. Jenny could hear her son breathing rapidly and was aware of his presence.
Her movements were slow and deliberate but her mind was racing and on fire with the realization of what she was about to do. The sickness of it, the depravity of it, and the wickedness of it was better than anything she could possibly describe. Jenny began by sucking her thumb like a little girl as she stared at the points of her nipples. Her other hand was sliding around her stomach making small circles. Jenny uncrossed her long legs and lifted her knees slightly, heels bent inward.
Still staring at her rudely jutting nipples and sucking her thumb, Tony's mother began pulling the nightie at the waist until the neckline just covered the strained points. Her eyes grew wide as if she had never seen her nipples grow this long before and opening her mouth wide with a groan she pulled her gown sharply and let them spring free. Her wild eyes darted back and forth between the pair of stiff dark protrusions as her thumb remained stuck in her open, wanton mouth.
Tony was beside himself and hoped he wouldn't cum until he was able to see more of this unbelievably horny display. His fingers pushed at the base of his rod, the tension and the sensation at the head of his cock was electric as he continued to watch.
Jenny's legs parted slightly more. She was now exposing her wet, black panties to her son as she reached for the sides of her enormous tits and squeezed them together for him. "God, don't you want to feel these baby? Don't you want to suck on your own tits?" Jenny asked herself like a mad woman. Then, even crazier, she answered; "Please let me suck, oh fuck, let mommy suck them." With that insanely depraved statement, Jenny shoved her left boob into her face and attacked the nipple with her mouth. Her knees fell to the sides, legs wide open now for her son to see and jack off to as she greedily sucked one and then the other tubular nipple for him.
Tony watched in a shuddering trance as his mom started thrusting her panty clad pussy at him. Her hips rolled in a rhythmic movement as if meeting the thrusts of his teenage cock. Jenny's eyes closed tightly in a grimace as she sucked her nipple deep into her mouth, then bit down hard. Then her eyes opened wide and crazy as she screamed. "Keep sucking mommy, don't you stop sucking. Suck your tits for Tony. SUCK THEM FOR YOUR BABY." She began slobbering and drooling on her boobs as she alternated between urging herself on like a dominating whore, then answering herself like a depraved little slut. "Am I sucking them good mommy? Is Tony's mommy sucking them good?"
Jenny lifted her hips and finally pulled off her panties. Looking directly at the parted bedroom door, she held her drenched underwear to her nose momentarily and then stuffed then into her gaping mouth. For a moment Jenny just sat and savored them with deep breaths, still staring in her horny son's direction. Then she reached over and drew some more items from the nightstand.
She had pulled two wide, black rubber bands out, removed her bra and quickly stretched them over each large breast. When she released the powerful bonds, her boobs constricted tightly at the base, forming each breast into a large, round, firm ball. Jenny's movements were jerky and frantic and her eyes were bulging with and expression somewhere between lust and fear as she scooted further back against the headboard and spread her thick, muscular legs wide.
His mommy's cunt was large, red and hanging wide open for him now. Her clitoris was very large and prominent and stood out straight like a tiny dick. He was about to cum very soon and thought about bursting through her door to shoot into her face as he watched a thick, clear slime ooze from her quivering hole.
Jenny grasped one of her swollen, tortured jugs with one hand and reached up to pull her panties from her mouth with the other. Then she brought the dripping wet satin to her crotch and began to finger her well lubricated asshole. With each thrust of her fingers, the panties disappeared little by little into her hot ass. "Mommy's gonna keep these right here for you baby." She cooed, as if tucking him into bed. "Mommy's gonna keep her panties in her asshole until your ready to stuff them back in her dirty mouth. UUUNNNGGGHHH." She grunted, with her tongue lashing straight out lewdly from her open lips.
Jenny brought her hand back to her mouth and started sucking the fingers that just left her bowels. First two, then three, until finally she was forcing four fingers halfway down her throat and making herself gag. Each time she withdrew her fingers a larger amount of drool flowed from her lips until the tit she had been clutching underneath was covered and dripping with her spit. She then switched hands and forced those gloved fingers in and out of her gagging lips, fully coating the other flesh ball with her slobber.
His mother then held her boobs in each hand and drew her legs back and as wide as she could. Hooking her elbows behind her knees and pinning them there with her pointed heels dangling in the air. Her whole upper torso was dripping with drool. Long strands of it were slung from her lips to her nipples which seemed to stand out three inches from her now violet colored jugs. The spit dripped from her nipples in long strings that connected to her throbbing clit. Looking directly at him with wet, red lips and a crazy stare she begged, "Fuck me Tony, I'm ready to fuck my baby boy now. Come in and give mommy your hard dick."
Without thinking or any hesitation, Tony got completely naked in the hallway and slowly pushed the door open. Jenny eyes bulged insanely as the light from her room illuminated the son's naked body. She gasped and began to take long, loud, exaggerated breaths. "OH GOD, OH GOD YOU'RE GOING TO FUCK ME, YOU'RE GOING TO FUCK ME." Jenny screamed as if about to be raped.
Tony said nothing but continued toward her holding his powerful cock in his hand. His mom dropped one breast and shoved four fingers into herself. She started screaming obscenities and spitting on her tits as he came towards her over the bed on his knees. "MAKE ME YOUR WHORE BABY. SLUT FUCK YOUR MOMMY'S CUNT." Jenny yelled as her fingers flew in and out of her box. Her young boy was now on his knees directly between her legs with his 9" erection pointed at her pussy.
Jenny went stiff and her mouth shot open. With eyes popping, she let out a howl and released a stream of ejaculate onto her son's chest and stomach. Tony squeezed his dick firmly and immediately came. His sperm shot across his mother's purple tits and into her open, babbling mouth. Load after long, load of hot semen splattered her face and tits. Crying out with her son's cum dripping from her lips, Jenny squirted again and again, spraying against his balls and all over his legs.