When life hands you lemons, you make lemon aide. When life hands you a real man, a diligent sissy sucks his cock.
Peter and I spent the night together. He spent a great deal of time with his big cock in my mouth and his hands on my pussy. I was surprised how easy it was for me to suck his cock. I mean sucking off a man had never occurred to me. But Peter was special.
He guided me how he likes his cock sucked and praised me for being a quick learner. "I try, Peter," I said removing his cock so I could thank him.
"That's my girl," he said as I sucked his balls. "Use your tongue, baby girl. Yes, just like that. What a wonderful cock sucker you are."
I was on my tummy, my face firmly planted on his scrotum while stroking his cock. I couldn't be any happier. I was with a perfect gentleman and having sex with a real person and not just my hand. He was gentle, firm when it was necessary, and always patient. After explaining what he expected from me, he promised to closely monitor my behavior. "A good sissy follows her man's instructions to the letter, baby. Deviations may lead to a spanking. And you know how much I like my hands on the fat sexy pussy you sit on."
He promised to be fair but firm.
I licked and kissed my way up the thick hot shaft and lapped at his flowing pre-cum. It may have been how I was feeling but I loved tasting my man. My real man.
I'd been sucking his cock for nearly 30 minutes, making it last for both of us. But now Peter told me to suck and jack harder. "I'm ready to cum, my sweet girl. Be my good sissy and swallow every drop."
I choked on the first spasm and sprayed his groin. But I kept trying and was able to ingest the following eruptions. Without being told, I hung on his cock until it softened then licked the sperm I sprayed over his pubic bush and stomach.
After he enjoyed the afterglow, Peter had me fetch him a drink. "Make one for my girl too," he called after me.
I handed Peter his scotch on the rocks, sipped mine and placed it on a bedside table using the coaster that was there.
I curled up beside my man, my fingers toying with his chest hair as Peter explained the sissy protocol.
I was disappointed to hear that my orgasms would come from my hand or while being fucked. If I used my hand, I must ask his permission first. "It's important, girl. It's an absolute that you always seek my permission to cum. I'd prefer it if when you masturbated that cute little dick that you'd discharge your spendings in the shower with the water running."
"Why?" I needed to know.
"Because, my sweet sissy, it's where it belongs. Down the drain to the sewer where it will be corrupted, rendered useless.
I began to cry.
Peter held my bottom, caressing me while I sobbed at my situation. "I don't understand why my seed must be destroyed," I whined.
"Baby, it's just the way it works."
"It's hard to be a sissy."
"It is a commitment, my sweet girl. When a man owns you, there are rules. It's not a sprint, belonging to a real man is a marathon."
Peter pulled me up and kissed the tears on my cheeks. "We'll run that marathon together," he assured me.
The next morning Peter watched as I made breakfast. "We're going to take my girl shopping today, robin. Time to get you into proper sissy clothes."
I was dreading this part. For some reason, wearing panties didn't really appeal to me.
I cleaned the dishes and went to dress. "Not those shorts, baby. This is a beach town. Everyone wears their swimsuits. the businesses are used to it. Wear what we bought you yesterday. Our first stop will be suitable footwear."
Floppy hat, sunglasses, thong, beach wrap and top. I wore my sneakers because that was all I had.
A short time later, Peter told me which sandals he thought were best for me.
Though having a flat sole, the platform was raised in the back, much like high heels. They were only 3" high and the flat sole made walking in them easy.
So now we're back where my story began. I'm scurrying after my man as he walked down through the mall. I was deaf to anything but trying to keep up with one hand holding my hat in place. Something told me Peter would not like me lagging behind.
Funny thing. The store clerks on the Cape must have seen it all. No one looked twice when I made my purchases of sandals in one store, 12 panties in various colors and styles, a beautiful kaftan with very high slits on the sides in another. Peter selected a couple nighties and actually found a black one-piece full woman's swimsuit with bra top and thong bottom, plus a pink thong bikini.
We headed back to his house, and I gave him a fashion show which Peter really enjoyed. Every panty I wore, he had me bend over so her could see how his pussy looked in them. He approved of each selection but coming as no surprise to me, Peter was partial to thongs. As for my initial aversion to wearing panties, that disappeared as soon as I felt the soft material against my dick and how if felt on my bottom. They gave me a more feminine feeling, somehow. I thought I looked pretty in my panties.
"When we get back to the city, robin, I want you to upgrade your pants and blouses, and proper work shoes."
Aye aye, sir," I said saluting my man.
Grab a tissue or two, baby and come sit on your man's lap.
When I returned with a couple tissues, Peter had me remove his shorts and underwear. Seated on his lap, his big, beautiful cock wedged between, as Peter said, my pussy lips, he watched over my shoulder as I beat off under his supervision.
"That's my girl. Stroke that useless little dick for your daddy."
"My daddy?" I questioned.
"It's appropriate, my dear. Always call me daddy. No longer are you permitted to use my given name. Here alone, with company, at work. Daddy and sir work well and should come natural for a good sissy like your daddy knows you'll be for him."
Daddy toyed with my nipples as I stroked myself to an orgasm. "Oooo, oh, daddy I'm cumming," I moaned, arching my back and pressing my pussy down on his cock.
Daddy chuckled as I filled almost a half of tissue. Before I had a chance to enjoy my orgasm, daddy pushed me off his lap. "Now go flush down the commode, baby girl."
For dinner, daddy took me to a lobster house where we ate outside and people watched. He told me to wear my new black woman's bathing suit with bra top and thong back. Tonight he had me leave my wrap at home.
With my bottom, his pussy, completely exposed, daddy sent me inside with our orders and had me go collect them when my name was called.
Having all those strangers seeing my bare bottom made me tingle all over.
While we ate, I asked my daddy why it was that he liked showing me off.
Wiping some stray butter from my chin with a napkin, daddy explained. "A good sissy likes to be on display to make her daddy proud. Also, it makes my cock hard knowing every man in this place would love to sink his cock in what belongs to me. And for you, robin, putting your pussy out there will help you attract a real man should our relationship end."
"I hope to belong to you forever, daddy," I said reaching over to hold his hand.
"We shall see, my sweet little sissy. We shall see."
The next morning daddy called the office and told his secretary that we'd be back Wednesday. He instructed her to notify the clients with whom he was supposed to meet Monday and Tuesday. "Apologize and reschedule them for me, please."
I was only wearing a red French-cut panty while preparing breakfast. I thought about how much I loved sucking daddy's wonderful cock and it dawned on me. "I'll never know how it feels to have my dick sucked."
I brought it up to my daddy while we ate our eggs and toast. He heard me out, thought about what I said, and quickly arrived at a solution. "robin, I have a friend who like me owns a sissy. What we'll do is invite him to my townhouse when we get back to the city and have his sissy nibble on your tiny dick. When you have finished, you will know what it is you'll miss for the rest of your life."
"Thank you, daddy. Will your friend's sissy do it?"
"My cute baby girl. I know you're a smart sissy, but you have much to learn. His sissy will do what she's told to do just as you will."
I wondered if he planned to loan me out too.
Not content with me in that gauzy wrap, daddy and I walked to the beach with me wearing my new pink thong and no top. We got a lot of looks and a couple men gave daddy a thumbs up. "See what I mean about attracting real men, baby girl?"
I saw and hugged daddy's arm to let those men know I was taken. there were a couple women wearing thongs like me. We ignored each other.
It was much like our first visit to this beach. Only this time I looked forward to daddy fingering his pussy.
And, like before, I reached inside his swim trunks to stroke his cock. I almost needed to be restrained from sucking his cock right there in front of those nearby.
Daddy had me spend most of our hour in the sun on my tummy. "I love seeing the reaction of those who see your fat pussy and wonder if you're naked, robin. That back strap so deep in your pussy lips, they can't tell you're wearing a thong.
"Daddy, I'm beginning to like people seeing your pussy," I smiled at my man. "It's all so new and exciting. I never had anyone before you wanting to be with me the way you do. I like being your sissy girl."
Daddy turned on his side and caressed my big bottom. "Sweetheart, you are going to get your JD this year. I know how expensive law school is. I've been thinking and I'd like you to consider a couple things."
"Yes sir?" I asked.
"I would love for you to consider moving in with me. That way, you don't have to worry about paying rent. Also, there's an added benefit for us living together. I can help you study for the BAR exam."
I was totally caught off-guard. I never thought about daddy and I living together. The couple days we've spent together here have been wonderful. Eye opening for sure, but simply grand. My heart fluttered. I was really falling for this wonderful man.
"I'll think about it, daddy," I said but in reality, there was nothing to think about.
"The second thing I want you to consider is joining my firm. You can clerk like you're doing now until you pass the BAR. Then, once you're licensed, I'll make you a junior partner. I think that you'll be a great specialist in defending LGBTQ clients. they'll will be right up your alley, baby. You have so much in common with that class of defendants that they would instantly relate to you and open up much easier than they do to me."
That came as a complete surprise to me. Daddy was offering me financial support while I finish my schooling and a real job afterwards. And, better still. we'd be together.
"Are you claiming me for real, daddy?"
He smiled and I saw a glimmer of hope in his eyes. "If you'll have me as your full time daddy and promise not to stray and share your new-found sexuality with anyone else, then yes. I claim you, sweet robin. You now belong to me."
"I couldn't have asked for a finer, more gentle, and patient daddy. I am yours and I hope never to disappoint you."
"And sexy?" Daddy asked with a goofy, mischievous grin on his handsome face.
"That and your wonderful cock," I smiled. Looking around to see if anyone was watching us and seeing they weren't, I grabbed his cock, "Especially your cock," I repeated. "How can I ever repay your generosity, daddy?"
"Just being my sweet girl, baby. That's all. Just follow the rules I've laid out and be as sweet and loving as you have been."
He said the "L" word. My heart was beating so hard with excitement that I thought it would burst through my breast. I hadn't even thought I was acting loving. Daddy was treating me that way, for sure.
My chin resting in my hands, my legs bent up at the knee, I gave daddy my promise. "I will always try to be a proper sissy for you, daddy. But I might like one of those spankings you mentioned."
I saw his eyes light up and he grinned. "Let's head back to the house, robin. I want you across my lap."
Daddy had me gather our things and walk ahead of him. "I want to see my pussy, baby."
In short order, daddy had me remove his swimsuit but made me keep mine on. Laying across his lap. I could feel his erection against my tummy.
"Are you quite sure you want to sample a bit of punishment should your behavior displease me, baby?"
"Yes daddy," I whispered feeling very vulnerable and aroused.
"I love this pussy," I heard him say just before his large hand landed with a loud slap. That first spank was followed by another and another. Daddy spanked me with very little force but hard enough to enflame my already burning arousal.
I squirmed and raised my bottom, wanting more, needing to feel his authority, his masculinity, his ownership of his sissy. My breathing became ragged and labored through flared nostrils. The more daddy spanked me, the more I wanted it.
My dick was straining to free itself of the nylon prison it was trapped in. I rubbed it against daddy's thigh as he continued to stoke the fire that burned within me.
"All done, baby," he said helping me to my feet.
Instead of standing, I knelt and swallowed his cock. I sucked my daddy like a bitch in heat. I needed to demonstrate my devotion to him. I wanted him to see me as his grateful little girl. The best way to show him my respect was to suck his big hard cock which I did slavishly, loudly, and lovingly.
Daddy must have been excited to spank me. He quickly gifted me my thick reward which I greedily swallowed.
When his orgasm had come to an end, I asked him for permission to cum.
"Baby, after that blow job, you deserve to cum. Lay down before me, your feet near me. Keep your thong on, robin. Yes, that's good. Now I want you to place your hands under your head and keep them there."
This was different. I had no idea what was to come.
"As you are now my property, baby, in celebration of that, your daddy is going to help his sissy come."
I felt his heel gently on my balls. Then daddy used the bottom of his foot to rub my little boner.
Masturbating his sissy using his foot was demeaning, debasing, humiliating, and so fucking great. At the same time he was helping me to have an orgasm, daddy was showing me my place. I saw him intently watching my writhing, fighting to keep my hands where he instructed me to keep them.
I wanted to grab his ankle and use his foot to masturbate. I didn't. I was his good girl and let my daddy have his fun.
He knew when to stop as he edged me over and over until I begged him to finish me.
"No baby, you finish. Take my ankle and use my foot to cum for me."
I very quickly took his ankle with both hands and rubbing my dick with his foot. I came very quickly in this most degrading manner. It was the best cum I had ever experienced. I was so thankful that I didn't hesitate when daddy told me to lick his foot clean.
"Thank you, daddy. That was wonderful," I gushed still panting. I kissed his foot in gratitude.
Daddy smiled. "Maybe one day I'll do it differently my darling. Now go clean yourself up and make me a sandwich."
I cleaned myself, rinsed out my thong swimsuit and selected a nice pretty black boy-cut panty and a very short babydoll nightie to wear when I served my man.
"I can tell you liked that spanking, baby robin. We may have to do that more often."
"Not too much, daddy. I almost had a heart attack I was so turned on." I smiled remembering as I sliced a tomato for his ham and cheese sandwich with lettuce and tomato on seedless rye.
"Tomorrow is Tuesday, our last day here for a while. I think I'll do something special for us. I'm going out alone. You can stay here or go to the beach. I don't want you wandering around the shops though. Oh, and should you go, wear the black swimsuit."
"Yes, daddy," I acknowledged his instructions as I placed his lunch before him. "A beer, sir?" I asked.
"That would be nice, robin. Thank you."
Just before he left, daddy hugged me. Kissing my lips, he smiled. "You are indeed a special girl, robin. Remember what I told you, the beach or here. I won't be too long, baby."
While daddy was gone, I stayed inside and paid out my new clothes. In a short couple of days, my life had changed so much. Looking at my panties, I never would have thought I would become what I now am.
And I was so very happy with how these unexpected changes were progressing. From a handsy boss to my daddy, Life can be wonderful. I scooped up my new panties. Holding them to my breast, I spun in a tight circle of joy.
I was so very happy, but I knew that this kind of happiness doesn't last forever. Still, I would enjoy it while it lasted.
I went to sit on the porch in my black bathing suit waiting for my daddy. This was the first time we had been apart since I got in his car to come here.
I must have dosed off in the Adirondak chair on the porch. Daddy woke me. "Hey sleepy girl. Wake up. I have something to show my pet."
I saw daddy carrying a couple bags inside and wondered what he was up to. Joining him inside, I rubbed the sleep from my eyes and kissed his cheek. "Hi, daddy," I smiled.
"I was thinking of my princess," he hugged me. "Here. This is for my girl."
I pulled a long wife beater type t-shirt from the bag. In sparkles of red across the front in cursive, it read, "Daddy's Girl."
"Take that bathing suit off and try it on sweetheart."
The shirt came barely below my big bottom. It was more like a dress than a t-shirt.
"Perfect, daddy smiled. Be careful when you wear that outside, robin. Someone will see your panties tonight when we go out to eat."
I giggled but he was right.
I recognized the color blue on the two boxes daddy pulled out of a blue bag. "I don't know what type of things you like but I liked these and hope my girl does too.
"Daddy, you shouldn't have," I smiled and took the two boxes in my trembling hands.
The first box held a silver cuff bracelet from Tiffany's. "The man said he would be happy to adjust it if it doesn't fit you right."
"Oh, daddy, it's perfect. It even had the little bump for my wrist bone. I love it. Thank you."
There's an inscription on the inside, baby."
I removed my new bracelet and read, "To my darling sissy robin from her daddy."
"Oh daddy, I um, I uh, thank you so much daddy. I love it." I almost used the "L" word to him. He filled my heart with love. No one had ever treated me so nicely.
The next box was smaller, not as small as a ring box but thin and longer than it was wide. I opened it and couldn't believe what daddy, my daddy bought for me. It was a silver necklace with entwined hearts encrusted with little diamonds. Tears streamed down my cheeks as my daddy came behind me. Reaching for the necklace, he had me hold my hair up so he could fasten the lovely piece of jewelry.
I turned and he took me in his strong arms. I couldn't keep it in any longer. I looked up still tearing, "daddy," I whispered. "I love you."
He smiled. "Is that what it took? Two pieces of jewelry to make you love me?"
"No," I said hugging him tightly. "But it did take those to make me say it to you. I was so afraid you'd laugh at me if I told you how I felt about you."
He kissed me then told me he loved me too. His hands slid down my back and reached under my new t-shirt to hold my pussy. "My beautiful robin. Just like the bird that announces that Springtime has arrived, you have filled my life with a warm, sunny glow."
"Baby girl, remember when you first came to me? The way I was surprised when I first looked up at you? You remember what you said?"
"No daddy. I've forgotten. I'm sorry."
"Don't be. I do remember. You asked if you thought I was expecting a woman? Remember now?"
I nodded, smiling at the memory.
"What I was expecting didn't come to me. What I got instead was a beautiful little creature who lit up my life and made me feel whole."
We embraced for the longest time, each content to be in the other's arms. Daddy told me he had been instantly attracted to me and that's why he was always touching me in appropriately at work.
"I'm hungry, daddy said breaking our embrace. "Put some panties on and let's go out to dinner, my love."
I hurried to the bedroom hoping this all wasn't some dream. I knew daddy liked showing off his pussy, so I chose a blue thong panty. Brushing my hair in the mirror, I fingered the lovely hearts on the necklace. "I'll never take this off," I thought smiling.
Daddy opened the car door for me. My shirt rose and he grinned. Showing off your panties, baby. Be careful. Keep your knees together."
He drove us to the Villaggio Ristorante in Cotuit. The waiter showed us to our table seated me. I was careful to keep my knees together.
We shared an antipasto for two, then daddy ordered carpaccio and for me he ordered the prime filet with lobster topping. We drank chianti and talked about my future law practice. "You'll be a busy little girl," he told me.
Daddy confessed to me that he was forty which was 14 years older than me. "I'm not some mid-life crisis you're going through, am I?"
He reached out and we held hands. "No robin. You're no mid-life crisis. I've never been one to settle down. You've seen some of the women I've been with. You're so much more than they could ever be. I never fell in love with any of them."
Then he smiled his goofy grin. "Besides, baby, I already have the convertible automobile."
We both share a private laugh. "I really love what you bought me, daddy. You didn't have to. I was going to suck your cock anyway."
"Tonight, sweetheart, I'm going to make you my woman. It will hurt for a bit, but I'll be gentle, and you'll find you'll love taking me as your man that way."
"Daddy," I said taking his hand. "Before yesterday and today, I would have been scared. But I know you'll be gentle. You always have been with me. I want to be a woman for you. I want you in me."
The table grew silent. We exchanged looks that needed no spoken words. I'd been love starved most of my adult life. Now I was overflowing with love for my daddy.
Daddy paid the tab and as we were leaving, I decided to give him a treat. "Oops, I dropped something, daddy."
Daddy watched me bend at the waist showing those diners my pussy.
"You little slut," he growled swatting my bottom when we were out of the building. I jumped, squealed and giggled and ran to the car. This time, I opened daddy's door.
He reached for me when I was seated. Rubbing my exposed thigh, daddy surprised me when his hand reached my constant boner. I watched him was looking down at his hand touching me there. Then he squeezed my boner gently. I was shocked when he leaned over and kissed my panty covered erection.
I held his head and sighed contentedly as his kisses grew in intensity. "Daddy, can I cum?"
That question brought him back to me. Raising his head, we kissed and shared our tongues. "Baby," he began. "I told you I might make you cum without using my foot. I need some time to get there. but robin, I will get there. That's a promise you can't count on."
I placed my hand on his cheek. "Take me home, daddy. I need your cock in your pussy."
Thank you for reading Part 2. Part 3 is coming soon.
Your comments and email are welcomed.