Thank you to Oldbroad76 for editing.

Live Stream 10

"I find it hard to explain the feeling of being humiliated, of having people see me at my worst... seeing me do disgusting acts, but it was amazing." Sophie said on her screen.
More comments came flooding in as she spoke.
"It's a high like no other, knowing that they were judging or even wanking over me. I wanted it more and more," Sophie paused for a minute before continuing. "I also didn't expect to enjoy having my ass played with so much, and I definitely didn't expect to lose my anal virginity the way I did."

Showing Sophie - Just Fuck My Ass

Sophie had been sitting in the lecture hall for nearly an hour, however she barely paid attention to a single word the professor said. That wasn't too big a deal since she was one of the best in her law class by far, so she knew she wasn't missing much.
But the main thing that had her attention was the fact that her asshole was clenching around a butt plug. It filled her perfectly, keeping her in a constant state of arousal.
Knowing that so many people surrounded her while her asshole was filled was such a thrill.
Since getting her latest student loan, Sophie had bought some new, slutty clothes. So she was wearing a new, short, leopard print skirt and a crop top that barely covered her tits. As always, she had no underwear on, so her stiff nipples were clearly visible through it.
She constantly shifted in her seat, pushing the plug deeper into her ass, and it left Sophie's pussy leaking and begging for attention.
I am so fucking horny! I wish someone here knew that my ass is filled!
Finally, the lecture ended, and Sophie ran out.
She went straight into one of the girl's bathrooms and let out a sigh of relief when she saw it was empty.
Locking herself into a cubical, Sophie pulled out her phone...Alright, let's give this a try.
She loaded up the RealSluts website and found the live video that Jane had told her about. With a deep breath, she hit record.
"Hi everyone," She said, looking directly into the camera. "As you know, I'm Sophie.... But what you don't know is that I just spent the last hour in a lecture at my Uni..." Sophie stood up, lifted up her skirt and aimed the phone at her ass, "with my asshole filled with a butt plug."
She could see the screen on her phone, clearly showing the silver end of the plug.
Her free hand grabbed it, slowly moving it forward and backwards.
"I can't believe I've just been sitting around a hundred people with my asshole filled!" She whispered, fighting a moan. "It felt so good, being a stupid slut with my asshole filled."
Sophie couldn't hold it in any longer.
She sat down on top of the toilet seat and felt the plug push deeper into her as she spread her legs.
No longer fearing having her face on the video, Sophie had the phone showing a full view of her spread legs and face as she reached for her pussy.
"I'm so stupid doing this at my Uni's bathroom," She moaned as two fingers teased her clit. "Anyone could walk in."
She bit her lip at the thought.
"I hope they do," She moaned. "I hope someone comes in and sees what a dumb slut I am. I hope they humiliate me and tell everyone about Sophie the slut."
Sophie's pussy was soaked, and she easily pushed two fingers inside as she watched herself on her phone screen.
"I love being a whore for you all," Sophie moaned as she fingered herself in the bathroom. "I just want more of you to see me, spread me around, and show me to your friends... Oh god... I want to be seen by everyone."
She pulled her fingers out of her pussy, grabbed her crop top, and easily pulled it down, revealing both of her big, heavy tits.
"Do you like my tits?" She whispered, grabbed one with her free hand. "I love having my nipples played with."
She started to pull on her nipple, twisting it in her fingers as she moaned even louder.
"And you know what? I've recently learned that I love..." Sophie stopped and looked dead at her phone, "being slapped."
SLAP! Her free hand struck across her face.
Not enough.
SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!
Sophie used the same hand to slap one side, backhand the other, and then slap the first one again.
She did it as hard as possible, loving the thrill of the pain.
"I'm so pathetic," She whispered and fingered herself again, "slapping and fingering myself in a public bathroom. What girl does that?" She moaned even louder, "A dumb whore, that's who."
As she fingered herself faster, really getting into it... suddenly the bathroom door opened, and Sophie heard voices as people walked in.
She froze with two fingers deep in her pussy.
Looking at her phone, she saw comments from men also hearing others talking. The comments were encouraging her to carry on.
But she couldn't. As much as she wanted to get caught, Sophie stopped the video and stopped touching herself.
She put her clothes back to their normal positions and left the cubical, seeing two pretty girls chatting by a sink.
I wonder if they've ever had sex with a girl before?She thought as she looked at them,I'd love to go down on them both.
"Everything okay?" One suddenly asked as Sophie stared at them.
She blushed, realising how creepily she had been acting.
"Yeah, sorry." She said and rushed out of the room.

--

"Hey Mum, everything okay?" Sophie asked. She had just gotten through the door when her mum rang.
"I'm good sweetie, how're you? How's school?" She asked back.
Sophie nodded to Cara who was watching TV and headed to her bedroom for privacy.
"Great, school's going weeeeeeelll!" Sophie shouted out as she jumped down onto her bed, pushing the plug deeper into her ass than ever before.
"What's wrong?" Her mum asked.
"Nothing!" Sophie shouted back, not believing that she practically just moaned to her mum from having her ass filled, "Stubbed my toe, that's all."
"Okay," Her mum continued. "So, you're coming over this weekend for your brother's birthday?"
Sophie was doing her best to pay attention, but she was subconsciously moving herself up and down, practically fucking herself with the butt plug while she spoke to her mum.
"Yeah, I'll be over on Saturday. I'll head back on Sunday, if that's okay?" Sophie asked, feeling her pussy get even wetter.
After playing with herself in the girl's bathroom not that long ago, Sophie was a horny mess.
"Are you sure you can't stay longer?" Her mum asked.
Oh god, I'm so horny.
"I'll have to see," Sophie said, biting her lip. "I don't want to miss any lectures, though."
Honestly, Sophie's problem with staying at her mum and dad's was that she wouldn't be able to be a slut while there. She had become very accustomed to cumming a lot and in multiple different ways.
"Okay, we all miss you, that's all." Her mum said.
"I miss you too mum," Sophie replied as she continued grinding her ass onto her bed to feel the plug move. "I need to get going. I'll see you this weekend."
"See you, sweetie. I love you." She replied.
"I love you too, mum." Sophie said and hung up the phone.
I really need to cum!Sophie thought, she desperately wanted to just finger herself right there and then, but she also knew that she needed to calm it down when Cara was in the house. The last thing she wanted was for Cara to get angry at her again.
So, she took a deep breath, stood up, adjusted herself before going back into the living room and sitting down next to Cara.
"Your mum?" Cara asked.
"Yeah, heading back on Saturday, so you'll have the place to yourself." Sophie told her.
"Perfect, I have a date." Cara let Sophie know.
"New guy?" Sophie asked.
"No, he's the one you met the other day." Cara told her.
Sophie looked at her friend with shock.
"You're seeing the same guy twice? Who are you?" Sophie joked.
Cara laughed and hit her friend's thigh playfully.
"I'm not just a slut, you know." Cara laughed. "I have other interests."
Sophie laughed as well with her friend.
"Speaking of... we haven't watched a movie together in forever," Sophie told her. "What do you say?"
"Hmmm, what are you thinking?" Cara replied.
"Harry Potter?" Sophie suggested. It was a film they had watched together hundreds of times over the years. Cara may be a popular girl, but when it came to Harry Potter she was even nerdier than Sophie.
"You know I can't say no to that!" Cara said and stood up. "You get it ready while I run to the shop and get some popcorn."
Not long later, they were close together under a blanket and watching the movie.
Sophie couldn't help but love the feel of her best friend's smooth thigh touching hers, something that had happened many, many times over their friendship... but this time it felt different to Sophie. Knowing how much she enjoyed having sex with a girl, that she had no underwear on, and that her ass was filled with a plug, her pussy started to get wetter.
Sophie could barely focus on the film.
I bet Cara has a perfect pussy... if she just ordered me to my knees and shoved my head between her legs, I wouldn't say no. I'd love it. I want her to use me. Make me her own pussy pleasure.
Sophie turned and looked at Cara, but she was focused entirely on the film.
She's so beautiful. I bet she tastes amazing as well. Oh god, use me, fuck me.
Sophie bit her lips as her pussy grew wetter and wetter.
For the entirety of the film, Sophie's mind was filled with dirty thoughts of her best friend. Desires to be used by her, to taste her.
Then, the movie ended.
"Right, well, I'm off to bed." Cara said, and she stood up and walked off without another word.
Fuck. I'm so horny.
All Sophie wanted to do was walk into Cara's room, get between her legs, and be used like a filthy slut. But she knew that was one thing she couldn't do.
Instead, she went back into her bedroom, grabbed her phone, and started another live video.
"I'm so fucking horny," Sophie whispered so Cara didn't hear her. "I've just been sat with my room mate and best friend since we were kids, and all I could think about was being between her legs and licking her pussy."
Sophie's hand automatically went under her skirt and rubbed at her soaking wet pussy.
"I can't believe what a slut I've become," She whispered in a moan. "I just want someone to use me, to humiliate me."
As she spoke, she saw then that twenty people were watching, and comments started to come in.
User42:I'd use you like the whore you deserve to be treated like.
KKT:I'd fuck you so hard you can't walk, you slut.
Sophie bit her lip to stop from moaning as they commented.
"Also, I still had my plug in as I sat with her." She whispered and moved her phone.
In the shot, it had an up close view of Sophie's wet pussy, and the silver end of the butt plug was sticking out of her ass, and her face was clearly in shot in the background.
MRSL:You should've just told your roommate that you're a lesbian slut and want her to fuck your ass.
"Mmm." Sophie moaned as more people joined the live video.
"I love that you all know who I really am," Sophie whispered as she rubbed her throbbing clit. "You all know that I'm a dirty bitch that should just be degraded."
She rubbed herself faster, but the number of people joining the video levelled out, which disappointed her. Until she sat up and looked at the camera.
"I have an idea," She whispered, "I will be back in half an hour. Make sure you're here. You won't be disappointed." Then she had another idea. "Also, tell everyone you know. Send them a link. I want everyone to watch me next."

--

It was a warm night, which helped since Sophie had very little clothes on.
Her body was tingling with excitement as she walked in the night sky. It was pretty late, and she didn't expect anyone else to be at the park.
Here I am again,She thought as she sat down on a bench,I didn't think I'd be doing this again any time soon.
Grabbing her phone, Sophie started another live video. Immediately over 20 people joined, but Sophie still wanted more.
"So, you might recognise this place if you've seen my other video," She said and showed around the park. "Once again I'm going to finger myself and cum right here."
Comments were already coming in, complimenting her, calling her a slut, calling her stupid... each one turning Sophie on more.
She held out her phone and spread her legs, revealing her soaked pussy and just a hint of the silver plug that filled her asshole.
"I'm so fucking horny," She said and moved her right hand down to her pussy. "I know I'm gonna cum so hard."
Two fingers pressed at her throbbing clit, forcing her body to jolt with excitement.
"Last time I was here, two guys saw me, and they filmed me doing this," She moaned. "I wanted them both to fuck me, and god, I wish I let them!"
Her fingers slowly rubbed her clit. She was so turned on, but she didn't want to cum too quickly.
"They knew what a dumb slut I am," She moaned and moved the phone. "Look, here's the proof."
Sophie sat up, her crop top barely covering her tits, but that wasn't what she focused the phone on.
Across her stomach, fully on show, were the words "DUMB SLUT" written with black, permanent marker.
More comments came in calling Sophie a whore, telling her that she's ruining her life.
"I know this is stupid," She moaned as she carried on rubbing her clit. "Showing my face, letting you know my name... who knows what you will do with it. I know what I want though. I want you to spread it everywhere! I want hundreds, no, thousands of people to wank over me!"
Sophie's large chest heaved up and down as she rubbed her clit.
"I want to be exposed to everyone! To feel the humiliation of knowing everyone has seen me acting like this!" Sophie moaned louder. "Because that's all I am! A stupid, cum slut!"
She aimed the phone closer to her pussy as she pressed two fingers inside.
She was so warm, so tight, and so fucking wet!
"Oooh god," Sophie moaned louder. "I'm fingering myself at a park again! I'm such a stupid slut!"
More comments flooded in, and Sophie moaned as she read them.
Her thick legs spread wider, and her skirt rose up completely over her hips as she fingered herself slowly.
It was the middle of the night, and when Sophie heard faint footsteps, she panicked.
Sitting up, she saw a silhouette figure walking in her direction on the path on the park.
"Shit, someone's here," Sophie whispered to her phone, realising she had over 100 people watching, "Shit, what do I do?"
Comments told her to continue, and Sophie couldn't help herself. This figure kept walking closer, and Sophie sat back, spreading her legs and pushing her fingers back into her pussy.
They're going to see me! See me acting like this! Oh, fuck yes! I hope they say something horrible to me!
They got closer and closer. There were no lights in the park, so it wasn't until they were a foot away when Sophie could see them properly.
It was an older man, at least 50. He was wearing jeans and a baggy shirt. He didn't look very scruffy, but he definitely didn't look smart. He also had a big, unkempt beard and messy black hair.
Sophie looked at him, in his brown eyes as he stared at her. He had a very confused look on his face as Sophie slowly moved her fingers in and out of her pussy.
Oh my god, what do I do?
"What are you doing?" He asked eventually.
His voice was deep and husky, like he smoked 20 a day.
Ooooh fuck!
"I'm fingering myself because I'm a dumb slut," Sophie moaned and sat up, "Look!"
She watched him reading the writing on her stomach, and his face was completely straight, like he was unfazed by what he was witnessing.
But Sophie's body was on fire! She was caught acting like this wild animal, and she loved it!
"You can watch me if you want?" Sophie asked.
He just grunted, but Sophie took that as a yes.
With his beady eyes roaming over her body, Sophie spread her legs again and let this complete stranger, this older man, watch as she pressed two fingers in and out of her drenched pussy.
"I love being watched," Sophie moaned as she looked at him, holding her phone right at her. "I'm a slut, and I want people to know."
"Is that so?" He asked.
He still hadn't moved.
"Yes!" Sophie moaned, her pussy clenched around her fingers as she spoke.
For a second, she glanced at her phone and read the latest comment.
UFHT:Show him your tits, whore!
Ooooh fuck!
"They want me to show you my tits!" Sophie moaned.
"They?" He asked back.
"I'm filming it on a live video," She told him, taking her hand from her pussy and to her top. "I told you, I like to be watched."
Then, Sophie grabbed her crop top and pulled it down. Her big, soft tits bounced free, and this stranger's eyes lit up.
There she was, practically naked, filming herself as a random older man watched.
"I'm just... I'm just... oh fuck, I'm just so horny." Sophie moaned and reached for her pussy again.
The tension was brutal.
She fingered herself as this man just stared in silence while Sophie knew that hundreds of people were watching.
Oh god! I'm such a mess!
She looked at her phone to see more comments and how many people were viewing when suddenly.
"Woooahh!" Sophie shouted when a warm hand cupped one of her tits.
Her eyes shot open, and she looked up to see this big, scruffy man leaning over her. His hand was playing with her tit, squeezing it.
"I didn't say you could... ooooh god." Sophie moaned as his thumb started to rub her stiff nipple.
What am I fucking doing! This is a complete stranger!
Even as Sophie's mind argued, her pussy yearned for more.
She stared him dead in the eye and carried on slowly fingering herself. Then she looked back at her phone.
"He's playing with my tits," She said. "This complete stranger is playing with my tits!"
"Don't get me in it!" He growled which actually panicked Sophie for a second.
He could be a murderer, or a rapist, or anything!
But even as she thought that, the pleasure of his fingers rolling her nipple stopped her from objecting.
Sophie wanted everyone to know that she was telling the truth, so she moved the camera enough to just show a man's hand cupping her tit.
This is so stupid! This is so stupid! But fuck, I love it!
He grabbed her other tit and played with them both. Sophie had slowed down on fingering herself as she knew she was close to cumming.
The closer this man got, the more Sophie could smell smoke on him. Normally it would disgust her, but something about having an old, scruffy, smoke smelling man touch her up was turning her on more.
Ooooh fuck yes! This is what I need! I'm a fucking whore! I should act like it! Sophie the pathetic cunt!
Then, Sophie slowly pulled her fingers away from her pussy and spread her legs wider. This older man looked between them and directly at her soaked hole.
"What do you want to do to me?" Sophie asked in a quiet, girly voice.
He smiled at her. He may smoke, but his teeth were perfectly white.
"Are you serious?" He asked.
He still had a confused look on his face, like he was worried she was about to kick his ass or something.
"I..." Sophie paused and looked at her phone then back at the man, "I'm a slut."
He still wasn't sold.
BE THE FUCKING WHORE YOU ARE! THAT'S WHAT YOU ARE! A DIRTY, PATHETIC, CUM SLUT!
"You can touch my pussy... you can fuck me... I'll suck your dick! I don't care! Just treat me like a whore!" Sophie moaned.
The man grabbed Sophie and pulled her to her feet. Being manhandled forced another moan from Sophie's lips, and before she knew it, he had her bent over the park bench.
His feet kicked hers, forcing Sophie to spread her legs.
She still had her phone in her hands and looked right at it.
"I'm about to have sex with a complete stranger! I'm such a dumb whore!" She said.
"Give me that!" The man shouted, his hand appeared and grabbed the phone from Sophie, "I'll let them see what you're about to get."
"Yeees!" Sophie moaned as he grabbed her hips, "Film it! Show them all that I'll fuck anyone because I'm a whore!"
She could feel him taking out his cock, and she prayed that it was big. When it slapped against her ass cheek, she knew it was!
"What's this?" He said with a chuckle, then Sophie felt him grab onto her butt plug.
"I love having my asshole filled," Sophie moaned. "I've had it in all day!"
She felt him start to pull it back, and her rim stretched around it.
"Ooooh god!" Sophie moaned.
In hind sight, she should've known what was coming, but Sophie was too horny to think sensibly.
As her asshole opened and the plug was pulled out of her, she could feel it slowly closing, but now it was strange not to have her asshole stretched.
Then when his hand returned to her hip and spanked her, Sophie let out another moan.
"Please fuck me," She begged. "I'm just a whore and all I deserve is to be used to please big cocks like yours!"
"A whore, hey?" He asked. The tip of his cock slid up and down her pussy, spreading her juices around. "I ain't shoving my dick in some whore's cunt."
Then, Sophie felt the tip of his cock touch against her asshole.
"And you said you love your asshole being filled." He said again.
Sophie didn't have time to react when his head pushed forward. He wasn't soft about it either! Suddenly, Sophie's asshole stretched open, and the head of his cock popped inside of her.
"OOOOOH FUUUUCCKKK MY ASSSSS!!" Sophie shouted in pain, shock, and fucking lust!!
"Oh I am!" He laughed back.
Sophie wanted to shout but the feeling of her asshole getting stretched open was too much, and all she could do was grit her teeth and grip onto the park bench.
Then another inch of his apparently very thick cock slid inside of her virgin asshole.
"Fucking hell, you are tight for a whore." He moaned out.
Sophie could feel the rim of her ass gripping around his cock, and it pulsated around his shaft as he delved deeper and deeper into her bowels.
It was like the air was being forced out of her lungs as her insides filled up. Her asshole felt like it was getting ripped open. All she could do was grind her teeth together as more and more bare cock slipped inside of her.
That was until she felt his balls rest against her pussy. Her asshole had taken his entire, thick, hard cock.
"There you go, slut. You're taking it like a pro." He laughed and spanked her.
I've just lost my anal virginity! Not to Harry, not to Jacob... not even to Jane with a strap on! To a completely fucking stranger! An old man while I'm bent over a fucking park bench with his cock buried in my asshole!!
The air finally returned to Sophie's lungs.
"FUUUCCKKKKK!!" She screamed, and her asshole clenched around his cock. "I'M SUCH A FUCKING WHORE! FUCK ME! FUCK ME YOU OLD FUCKING BASTARD!"
It was as if she had become someone else. His cock possessed her with an urge to be the filthiest, sluttiest, and most pathetic woman in the woman.
SPANK!
"That's it, bitch. Everyone is loving it on this video." He laughed.
EVERYONE IS WATCHING ME LOSE MY ANAL VIRGINITY TO A FUCKING STRANGER!!
"YYEEESS!" Sophie moaned, "LET THEM ALL SEE! WATCH MY ASSHOLE GET FUCKING RUINED BY YOUR BIG COCK!"
SPANK! He slapped her ass again, making it jiggle.
"Keep it down, bitch. Don't want anyone finding us and ruining our fun." He told her.
But Sophie didn't care.
"I want more! I hope everyone finds me! I hope they all fuck me like the worthless cunt I am!" She told him.
His cock pulled nearly entirely out of her asshole before he thrusted it balls deep back into her.
"OOOH FUUUCCKK!" She shouted.
This stranger held his cock fully inside of Sophie's asshole for a few minutes. She constantly throbbed and clenched, but it slowly started to die down.
Sophie was struggling to catch her breath, and her hands were still gripping the bench.
"Ready to get properly fucked? Anal whore?" He asked.
"Yes..." Sophie panted.
"What?" He asked and spanked her.
"YES!" Sophie shouted, "FUCK MY ASSHOLE! MAKE ME AN ANAL WHORE! STRETCH ME! RUIN ME! FUCKING DESTROY ME!"
And with that, he really did start to fuck her.
Her asshole had loosened up around him, with help from having a plug in all day, and his cock was sliding in and out of her stretched asshole.
"Ooooh fuuucckk! So fucking deep!" She moaned.
It was like his cock was fucking her stomach through her asshole. Every movement sent a brand new sense of pleasure throughout Sophie's body.
"I'M SUCH A WHORE! LETTING A STRANGER FUCK MY ASS IN THE PARK! I DESERVE IT! THIS IS WHO I AM!" She kept moaning.
He didn't say much back as he seemingly just enjoyed listening to Sophie degrade herself as his cock slid in and out of her.
"Fuck me! Fuck this fucking whore!" Sophie shouted.
This unknown man picked up the pace on fucking her to the point that Sophie had to hold onto the bench for dear life! Her entire body was rocking back and forth as his entire cock slammed into her asshole, and his big balls slapped against her pussy.
Sophie managed to move her right hand between her legs, and as soon as she touched her swollen clit, her body jumped.
"OOOH FUUCK YES!" She moaned out.
"Finger yourself as I fuck your ass!" He told her.
Sophie did just that. Her pussy felt tighter than ever, and she was only able to get one finger inside. Holding it into her as this older man battered her asshole.
It was fucking amazing. Sophie felt like a dirty slut, and she loved it.
Pulling her finger out, Sophie rubbed her throbbing clit and moaned even louder.
"I'M GONNA... I'M GONNA FUCKING CUM WITH YOUR COCK IN MY ASS!" She shouted, "I'M SO FUCKING PATHETIC!"
SPANK!
"Yeah, you are, whore! Let the thousands watching see you cum!" He told her.
Thousands! Oh fuck!
That was all it took.
"I'M FUUUCKKINNG CUMMINGG!!!" She screamed out, "FUUCKK MY ASSHOLLEEE!!"
Sophie's entire body started to spasm. Her asshole twitched around the thick cock hammering into her, and her legs clenched up.
It took this man's one free hand to keep Sophie up as she just kept cumming and cumming around his cock.
"Ooooh fuuuucckkk!!" the old man grunted.
Her asshole felt like it stretched even further, and then she felt a warm feeling inside of her.
"Are you cumming inside me?!" She shouted, more moaned, as her pleasure wrecked through her body.
"You bet your fucking ass I am!" He moaned back.
"OOOH FUUCK I'M SO DISGUSTING!" Sophie moaned more, "A STRANGER IS FILLING MY ASS WITH CUM!"
She could feel it. Shot after shot of thick, hot, creamy cum filled her bowels. His cock spasmed inside of her and his thrusts started to die down.
Sophie and the stranger were both breathing heavily.
Suddenly, he pulled his cock out of her asshole, although she could feel it staying gaped open, followed by his cum slowly leaking out of her.
"Oh god... holy shit." Was all Sophie could pant out.
"Thanks, bitch." He laughed.
She heard him walking and suddenly he appeared in front of her, her phone aimed directly at her sweaty face.
"Say hi to all your fans." He laughed.
Sophie could barely speak; it was like she had just run a marathon. Her asshole started to feel sore as more and more cum leaked out of her.
How much does this guy cum?She thought.
She looked back, but her phone wasn't there. Looking up, she saw him holding it over her and smiling.
"Clean my cock, you stupid bitch." He told her.
Sophie wanted to speak, but since her mouth was open and panting for air, this stranger took the opportunity to shove his semi hard cock into her.
"Gllgg!" Sophie gagged around his still thick cock as he shoved it down her throat.
She saw he was filming it, and everyone watched her take the cock into her mouth that had just been in her ass.
He fucked her face with his semi hard cock for a minute or two before pulling back.
"Nice to meet you." He said and then threw the phone onto the floor and walked off.
Sophie couldn't move.
There she was, bent over the park bench, practically naked. At least she realised that he had ended the video.
What... what did I do?She thought.
Sophie thought she had felt shame before... but nothing like this. A wave of disgust crashed over her body.
What? Why? What the fuck is wrong with me!
Still on the bench, Sophie felt tears start to fall down her face.
Why did I just let him fuck me! In the ass! And everyone saw!
She started to hyperventilate as she sobbed. Her asshole was still sore, and his cum was all down her thighs.
Sophie grabbed her phone, put her clothes back to normal, and started to walk home.
That was horrible! What the fuck! I'm not like this! A fucking stranger old enough to be my dad just fucked my ass in the park! For the first fucking time!!
Sophie couldn't stop crying the entire walk home as she chastised herself for her actions.
I'm disgusting! I'm a mess! I need to stop this! This isn't who I am! I'm not some whore who just gets fucked by strangers in the park!
When she got home, she finally went onto the RealSluts website. Her nearly thirty minute video was still up and had over 50,000 views!
No! Fucking hell!
Sophie clicked on it, just to see how bad it was.
She cried the entire length through, then was almost sick when she watched his big, thick cock go into her ass for the first time. You could see her asshole stretching around him. The worst part was Sophie's moans of pure pleasure as she took it.
Then when she happily fingered herself, he zoomed in on it and showed both her filled asshole and pussy.
So many comments... so many horrible, crude comments.
Sophie immediately took it down and cried herself to sleep.

--

As the sun started to light up Sophie's room, she slowly woke up.
Her eyes felt puffy and sore from crying, her asshole sore from the fucking, and she still felt a little sick.
In her tired, broken state, she went back onto RealSluts and remembered that she took the video down.
Wait... what's this?
Someone had posted something and tagged her in it. It was a user she didn't recognise.
OMG69:Seems that Sophie slut girl has taken her video down. Luckily someone screen recorded it! You can find it here, you're welcome!
Oh no.
Sophie clicked on the link.
It was titled "Sophie18 getting fucked in the ass at the park".
There it was. The entire video had been uploaded to one of the most famous porn sites. It already had over 20,000 views and comments.
Sophie clicked on the main page of the site, the first page that anyone going onto it would see, and there she was, the second one down.
The only one above her was some older woman getting gangbanged by a house filled with black men. She was absolutely covered in cum. Sophie watched it for a second, but it was clear this woman was a little out of it and clicked off.
But there she was, face and everything. Getting fucked in the ass.
As she watched, the view count kept rising, and Sophie knew that anyone going on this porn site would be able to see her... her own family, her friends, anyone at uni.... Her pussy twitched with excitement.