Note: I edited this story late on 11/18 and didn't get the new version in before it was published. If you are seeing this note you might have read the first version already. I hope you enjoy whichever you do read!
After our first night together we have seen each other a few times. We've mostly been doing nothing other than one of us going to the other's place. We fuck our brains out, each of us cumming a few times, each night we get together. I even fucked her in the ass.
One night while we were both a little drunk she went to the bathroom. She came out and said "I took my plug out and am feeling a little empty." I fucked her pussy until she came and then her ass until she did again.
That was a couple of nights ago and we are at her place again. I just came in her pussy with her flat and face down on her bed while I was on top of her. I pull out and roll off of her. We are lying next to each other catching our breaths.
"I've noticed since we started hanging out that you've almost never worn a bra or panties."
"Well, I know you like it and I enjoy it too."
"I absolutely love that you do. The night we met I said I wouldn't be opposed to you never wearing either again and you said we'll see. Was that just an off the cuff remark or at that point did at least a little part you think about it? Even if just the smallest part?"
"I vaguely remember that as I did kind of think for a second. Why? Is that something you would like me to do a lot?"
"To be completely honest I have realized that it has become an obsession of mine."
"Really?"
I nod.
"Like how so?"
"When I watch porn the first thing I do is look and see if the girl is wearing any panties. I never really thought of it as a kink and thought all the other things were actual kinks, but it's underlying in all of them. It's to the point where if I see a pair of panties or a bra I find a new video to watch or I fast forward. Out in the real world seeing a girl's butt crack and hoping she's commando, or verifying she is, or seeing down a shirt and not seeing a bra makes me really horny."
"I absolutely love when a girl pulls her pants down or lifts her dress up revealing nothing underneath. The same goes with shirts and bras. I also like watching girls get dressed without putting any on and knowing they will go do whatever it is they are going to do while not wearing anything under their clothes just as much too."
"I can do it as much as you want. It doesn't bother me. It actually turns me on knowing it turns you on so much. And you can watch me get dressed and undressed as much as you want you dirty boy."
"Well, this may sound crazy, but is there any chance in the world you would never wear either again?"
"Ever?"
"Yes."
"So braless and commando at all times?"
"Yes."
"When I go out with friends or the very rare times I see family?"
"Yes."
"If I have to go to the office? The doctor?"
"Everywhere."
She thinks for a few seconds. "Well I'd be lying if I said the idea of that doesn't turn me on." She looks at me.
"I wonder how realistic it is. I'm sure I could get over any of my friends finding out if they ever did. I can just tell them it's what I like and we're all adults. I barely see the little family I have left, and don't see how they would ever know anyways as I'm never in underwear around them."
I can tell she's really putting thought into it as she continues to think.
"I'm trying to think of things that it could affect or places I am not thinking of where it could be a problem."
"Same here."
"If I go to the gym or pool or something nudity isn't uncommon in locker rooms. Changing rooms you have the door. Pretty much most of my life revolves around working, working out, seeing you, going out with friends, stuff like that. I can't really think of a situation where it would get me into any trouble or make things difficult. Not even the airport. It's not illegal to not wear underwear."
"It most definitely is not."
"Actually, taking a trip and not having any the whole time would be kind of hot."
"That is a fantastic idea."
"The more I think about it the more I see it probably being doable."
"So are you saying you think you could?"
"Would bondage stuff be ok when I'm in the mood?"
"Yes. You wearing ropes or straps or whatever isn't part of this. I'm hoping for no more underwear of any kind. And not something where you wear shorts under your pants in place of panties. That would defeat the purpose. Wear what you typically wear - just no bra, panties, or undergarments of any kind. It seems like that's only sometimes anyways."
She smiles. "I don't plan it out, but I would say on average maybe once a week or so."
"When you don't you would be completely naked under your clothes and this would be the case almost all of the time. I know there's going to be times where you'll have a shirt and a hoodie or coat or something, but when possible I would love it if your pussy was either uncovered by a dress or skirt, or only had your pants covering it and your tits only had a shirt covering them. If wearing a blazer, hoodie, sweater, jacket, stuff like that, maybe as much as possible you can skip a shirt and that heavier layer would be the only thing covering your tits."
"You'd enjoy me going out in public wearing a blazer with nothing underneath?"
"More than you know."
"What about somewhere like the beach? I usually wear my bikini under shorts or something. Do you consider that wearing panties?"
After thinking for a few seconds I look back at her. "It would be hot if anytime you went to the beach you had only shorts and the bikini top on and quickly changed into the bikini bottoms in the car or bathroom or something like that. Or just have the bikini only on in the car. Or just ride there naked."
She gives me a side eye with a little smirk. "Change in the car huh?"
"Yes."
"It may be weird if I go to the beach with friends and we all get there and everyone has their swimsuit or bikini under their clothes and just shimmies out of them, but I will go from my car to meet them already in the bikini."
"I know this is not going to be easy, and that we're likely not thinking of all situations, but we can cross those bridges if we ever reach them."
I see her thinking.
"If we, or just you, go out with friends and you wear jeans and a sweater, that's all you would have on other than shoes. Going to work in slacks, a blouse and heels? That's it. Lounging at home in a shirt and/or shorts? Nothing under."
"Well home would never be an issue... Wow, I can't believe I'm really considering this."
"I know committing to never wearing any kind of underwear ever again is a big thing so please really think about it. And in the interest of clarity, I am not asking you to just not wear them. I am asking if you would consider throwing out every single pair of panties and all bras that you own and treat them as if they don't exist anymore -- to never again think of reaching for them or wearing them."
"Wow."
"I know it's a lot, and a big change, so please really think about it."
"It would be quite a change, yes, but I like that you like this so much and are so into it." She grabs and squeezes my rock hard dick.
"Tell me no and I won't ask you again, but if you'd be open to it, it would turn me so much. I would love for you to not have access to any at home and to know at all times, whether with me or not, that you are not wearing either and never will again. Not even in situations we're not thinking of. If you are ok with the fact that you may have to explain to friends or family, or people like co-workers or doctors, why you're not wearing them by either lying and giving an excuse or telling them the truth, only having clothes on that people can see other than your bondage stuff, and won't be embarrassed if we come across a situation where strangers will know you aren't wearing them, then and only then would I want you to say yes."
I see the gears in her head spinning.
"And please don't only do it for me. I know I am the one asking for it, but if it's something that you don't think you can do please be honest with me. I don't want you to feel pressured in any way. I know it's easy for me to say that, but I mean it whole-heartedly and hope you know that."
"I do."
"You liking it will make it even better for me. You not liking it, and doing it because you feel like you have to, that is not what I want in the slightest. I only want it if you will get some enjoyment from it, whether it be for yourself or from doing it for me."
She takes another few seconds to think to herself while her hand caresses my dick.
"Ok, so here's the deal."
Is she about to agree to this, I think to myself.
"I will do it, but if anything comes up that we're not thinking of where I have to wear underwear or a bra, and it is not possible to avoid without very serious consequence, then you will buy them for me for the one-time use and they will be trashed the instant I don't need them anymore."
I cannot believe she is saying this.
"I am not promising that a pair of underwear or a bra will never again touch my body. I cannot make that promise. What I am promising, though, is that I will never again wear them unless it is completely unavoidable and very serious. If that time never comes then so be it."
"Are you sure?"
"Yes. I think it would be easy to not have it affect me in any way. Plus when has a girl gotten into any kind of trouble for that. I already enjoy it anyways. Now it'll just be permanent. Knowing how much it will make and keep you horny is an added bonus."
"How the fuck did I get so lucky?"
"I know, right," she says jokingly.
"Tell me one more time that this is ok, but only if you really mean it. I want you to know that if you say you can't, nothing between us changes. I promise. It would make me happy to know you are being completely honest with me."
She looks down and thinks again for a few seconds before looking back up. "This is ok. I am not only doing this for you in fear of upsetting you. I know that if I said that I could not do it that you wouldn't think any less of me or our relationship and that I would still be doing it a lot anyways. I give you my word that this is ok. I actually kind of want it myself now. It's pretty kinky and I like it. I can't wait to see how long I can go. Hopefully forever."
"I fucking love you so much." I realize what I said the instant it escaped my lips. I stammer a little. "That was too soon, but it's how I honestly feel. If you don't feel the same it is completely ok and we can have that talk another time."
She climbs on top of me and looks into my eyes. "I fucking love you too." She kisses me lightly before we start making out. I flip us around so that I'm on top before I start fucking her. After only a few thrusts I speed up. After not long I cum inside of her and keep going as she orgasms while rubbing her clit.
"Wow that felt great," she says.
"Looks like it's turning you on almost as much as it does for me," I tell her.
She smiles before pulling me down to kiss her. I climb off of her and we are back to lying side by side.
"Well, I guess we just said that."
"I guess we did," she replies. "I know we haven't known each other for a very long time, but it is really how I feel too. You make me very happy and I love how much we have in common and how we view what we have the same way."
"Me too. Any moment I think of you or see you, no matter what kind of mood I am in, I am immediately happier. I hope this doesn't sound weird, but there are not many parts of the day that I am not thinking of you. And it's not just the sex stuff. I think of your smile. I think of your eyes. I think of our conversations and how smart you are. How kind and caring you are. How happy and how much better you make me."
"Awww, that might be the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me." She leans over and kisses me again. "I feel the same way. I always have you on my mind and am thinking about when I next get to see you. I love how you make me feel whether I am with you or not."
We kiss again. "I'm glad to hear that."
We chat for a few and eventually she gets up and leaves her room naked. "Be right back."
I hear her near the kitchen fumbling around. When she returns she is holding a medium sized box.
"I had this from a package delivery and got an idea." She walks over to her dresser, opens it up, and starts tossing her underwear and bras into it.
"Right now," I ask. I instantly get hard again.
"Why not? I'm not going to wear them anymore and you said it would turn you on to know I don't have access to any."
"I didn't know watching you actually get rid of them would be so hot."
"Oh, Emily, the girl that doesn't ever wear underwear," she says to herself aloud before looking at me and smiling. "I assume that if I put them all into this box you will be ok taking it with you when you leave?"
"You assume correctly. I hate to be wasteful, but maybe because of what they are I won't donate them and will just throw them away."
"I don't care what you do with them. They're not mine anymore."
"I can't believe this is actually happening."
After she goes through her drawers I watch her go to her closet and grab all undergarments and throw them in the box. She goes around the entire room looking for anything. She stands up, still nude, with one hand on her hip and the other tapping her thigh while she thinks.
"I'll be right back."
She leaves the box and the room before coming back shortly holding a few pairs of underwear and a bra.
"These were in the laundry," she says as she dumps them into the box. "This is everything. Every bra and every pair of panties that I own. I mean that I used to own. Wow, it all fits in this box."
"What's going through your head right now?"
"I'm gonna save so much money!"
We both snicker. "If anything ever changes I want you to promise to let me know. My promise to you is that it will never make me sad or upset if you change your mind."
"I promise that I will tell you if anything changes, but I don't think it will." She picks up the box. "I'll put this by the door."
She does so before she comes back and climbs into bed. "I had the thought of asking you to do the same, but honestly, I love seeing you in your crotchless briefs. It's weird, but I really enjoy seeing your dick sticking out of them when just hanging out."
"That makes two of us."
We laugh again before she puts her head on my chest and arm over my stomach. I stroke her hair and we continue talking.
"Is it ok if we never again mention underwear around each other? Like pretend it doesn't exist when we're together?"
She looks up at me. "You are so into this."
"Sorry that I'm weird."
"No, I like it. I will do my best to never again refer to them in any way and pretend like I never heard the words underwear, bra, or panties in my life."
"Thank you."
"No problem." She smiles and puts her head back down.
"My friend Adam is having a barbecue this weekend. Would you like to go with me? A few buddies and their wives and girlfriends will be there."
"Wow, you already want me to meet your friends, huh?"
"I wanted you to meet my friends the first night we met. This is just the first time there's been any kind of get together since then."
"Awww. I would love to meet your friends."
"Great." I kiss her head. "I have an idea for when we go if you're up for it."
"Here we go," she says with a little laugh.
"Feel free to say no, but if you're game I'd like you show off a little when there. Whatever you're comfortable with."
"Like a revealing outfit? Sure."
"Well, that, but also maybe other kinds of showing off."
"You don't have to beat around the bush."
"I would love if you wore a short and loose sundress. Loose enough to where if you bend over you can show as much of your tits as you feel comfortable with and short enough that if you're sitting down with your knees together or slightly apart, or are bent over, that it would be easy to get a peek for whoever is looking."
"I do have a dress that works for that. Hmmm...," she says while putting her hand to her chin like she is thinking before looking at me with a smile. "You're lucky I'm not shy and kind of like showing off a little."
"I know I am and that's why I thought it would be ok to ask. Feel free to say no if you don't want my friends seeing you like that."
"You won't mind your friends seeing me like that?"
"Not at all. It would turn me on knowing how jealous they would be of me. I'm ok with whatever you decide is comfortable for you."
"Ok, twist my arm why don't you."
"You're the best," I tell her before kissing her.
"I know," she replies before sitting up in the bed. "So, my turn. I would like you to help me with something as well."
"Anything."
"Lately I've kind of been into reading stories and watching videos where girls are in chastity belts and having their orgasms controlled and denied. It turns me on to think I can't touch myself and someone else is in control of when I get pleasure."
"Go onnnnn....."
"If I buy a chastity belt would you be ok with not being able to fuck me for a bit? I would let you decide for how long, but I want to see how it affects me. The thought of it makes me super horny."
"Of course I would. Sure, it will suck to not be able to fuck you, but if it would make you happy and very horny I will do anything I can to help. I assume you will still want to have other kinds of fun," I add with jokingly raised eyebrows.
"Oh, yeah. I will suck your dick as much as you want during it. It may be more than you want as I expect to be extremely horny."
"I don't think the limit exists and I don't mind as many blowjobs as I can handle."
She smiles and kisses me. "I bet you don't."
"When were you thinking?"
"Well I have to look into them and order one so probably like a week or so?"
"Ok, just let me know when." An idea pops into my head. She thinks she will have days to prepare, but I have other thoughts. If she wants this I will give it to her ASAP. When she goes to the bathroom I get on my phone and search some websites for chastity belts. I see all kinds and decide on one with no openings. It doesn't look super comfortable, but since she knows about them and wants one I figure she knows it may be awkward to get used to. I get a small and a medium just in case. I see that I can pay for expedited shipping and have them here by late the next afternoon.
We fall asleep. I wake up the next day early and head back to my place after saying goodbye to a sleepy naked Emily. We agree on touching base later to possibly hang out. I grab the box on my way out and toss it into the first dumpster I see when driving. I am on cloud nine at work and nothing bothers me the whole day. When done for the day I wind down and relax. Emily is with a girlfriend of hers named Quinn. They are shopping for a gift for another one of their friends. A little after 5pm my package is dropped off. I open and see both chastity belts. I hope they fit and that it is the kind she wants.
I text her around 730. "I've been thinking about nothing other than fucking you all day. What time are you going to be home?"
"I have been thinking about that a lot today too and am a little tipsy and very horny. Just finished my second margarita."
"Yeah?"
"We stopped for some food and drinks after shopping."
"What time should I come over?"
"How about around 9? We're gonna leave in a bit."
"See you then."
A few minutes later I get another text. "Here's something to hold you over."
I get two pictures. She appears to be in a bathroom somewhere. The first picture is of her reflection in the mirror. Her long sleeved sweater is lifted up and showing her tits. The second picture is of her back to the mirror. She is looking back over her shoulder and pointing her phone at the mirror. Her jeans are pulled down to her knees, she is slightly bent at the waist, and I see a green jeweled butt plug in her ass.
"Holy shit. I wish I was in that bathroom with you."
"Me too. I can't wait until you're inside of me later."
"I'm so hard and gonna fuck you until you can't take it anymore."
"You'll be the one stopping first."
"Doubt it. See you soon."
She replies with emojis of a yellow smiley face with the mouth open wide followed by the rain/water symbol.
Little does she know that there will be no sex for her tonight. I wanted to get her very wound up before getting her into the chastity belt. As I arrive she opens her door and I can see that she is all smiles. She kisses me hello and grabs my hand to bring me inside. She appears to be a little buzzed and has an empty wine glass on her table.
"What's that," she asks while looking at the bag I am holding.
"Well, you said you wanted to try this so I got this immediately."
She stares at me, almost as if she's confused and worried at the same time. I pull out the small belt with no openings and show it to her.
"Oh my god. You really bought one for me? I only told you yesterday."
"I wanted to surprise you."
"Well consider me pleasantly surprised." She grabs it and looks at it. "Should I see how it fits?"
"Yes. I bought two sizes just in case. Here's the small."
"Good idea."
She sets it on her couch before pulling down her jeans and taking them off while looking at me with a smile. She also takes off her sweater.
She grabs the belt and steps into it. As she pulls it up it seems to be a perfect fit. It is snug against her body but not tight and she can move all around. The back has a place to lock the two parts of the waist band in place and not allow it to be removed. I have the lock in my hand, unbeknownst to her. She lies down on the ground and spreads her legs. She then gets on all fours and looks back at me.
"Does it fully cover everything?"
"Yes. Is your plug still in?"
"No, I took it out when I got home."
"Good."
"Why good?"
I quickly put the lock on and close it. She looks up at me.
"When locked a little tighter it fits perfectly. I can't wait to use it soon."
"You are using it."
"No I mean..."
I cut her off. "I know what you mean, but let me tell you what I mean. I know how horny you are. I want you to stay that way and squirm for a while."
"Noooooo. I'm not ready yet."
"Isn't that better though? Rather than be prepared and knowing it's coming so you can sexually exhaust yourself makes it more interesting."
I sit on her couch and she joins me.
"Don't get me wrong. I am extremely turned on right now about the prospect of it, but I really need to be fucked. I'm not sure I can wait. I've been thinking about you fucking me for hours."
"Not sure doesn't sound like no, but if you would really like me to unlock it I will. This is just an idea. You say so and it stops, but if I were making a bet I would bet that this is what you really want deep down. Don't stop yourself for any reason if that's true."
I watch her think for a few seconds. "You're right. While I really, really want you inside of me right now I am thinking about how horny and on edge I will be for a while if I am this horny right now. This is what I wanted and I do not want you to unlock it. How long?"
"Are you sure that you want it to be my decision?
"Yes."
"Can I also push it a little further?"
"Yes."
"Adam's BBQ is Saturday. We will leave this belt on until Friday night."
"So two days. And you'll fuck me then?"
"No, you will have to wait a little longer than that."
"What do you mean?"
"We are going to take the belt off Friday night. Once we do I will go home and sleep there that night. There will be no fooling around."
"Why?"
"I want you home alone and getting hornier and hornier while waiting for me to come back the next day."
She looks worried, but is biting her lower lip again. "Why take it off if you're leaving? Can I touch myself then?"
"No."
"Really?"
"Really. I want you to be able to, but to hold off. Not having the belt on will make it so easy and you will want nothing more. You will have no barrier stopping you, and it will be so easy to do it, but I want you to only think about it and not do it."
"This is going to be torture."
"To make it even harder I want you to stay naked when I leave and remain that way until I pick you up Saturday afternoon. I'm talking no jewelry, no accessories, nothing at all. Not even a hair tie. Au naturelle."
"Oh Jesus," she says while rubbing her legs together.
"When you shower you are not to touch yourself in any way other than to clean your body. You can clean everything except your clit. Only around it, Ok?"
"Ok."
"When I pick you up I want you to be extremely wound up and for us to go to the party with you like that."
"And to meet your friends and try to act normal while all I want is to get my brains fucked out because I haven't been touched in a sexual way for four days?"
"Yes."
"Fuck this is so hot." She is squirming a little now.
"I will text you when I arrive. You will wear that dress we talked about and the smallest thinnest pair of sandals you own and not put them on until you are ready to open your door and walk out."
"Ok."
"No jewelry or accessories when getting dressed. The only things touching your body will be the dress and sandals. Don't even bring your phone or keys. Actually, I will take your keys when I leave Friday if that's ok, only so we have them with us."
"It's ok."
"When you leave Saturday lock the door from the inside and let it close behind you. You will get your keys back whenever you want or need them. They will be in my car's center console."
She bites her lip. "When will you fuck me?"
"At the party. In the bathroom or garage probably."
"So three nights from now?"
"Yes."
"Ok," she whispers while staring me dead in the eyes.
"When I fuck you at the party it will only be in your ass, though."
"Really?"
"Yes."
"Why not my pussy? I'm going to want it so bad."
"I know, and that's why. I want you to wait until after the party when we get back to my place. For you to walk around and chat with people after me pounding your ass, but still needing more and still being on edge."
"So you're finally going to fuck my pussy at your place?"
"Yes."
"Ok, but I honestly don't know how I'm going to stop myself from cumming while you fuck me in the ass after not touching myself for days."
"We can stop as often as you need to."
"Ok."
"While you won't be cumming, I will be. As deep into your ass as possible."
"Anything you want."
"I have not cum since last night and won't until that point."
"It's going to be so much."
"I know. After I finish I will clean up before we head back the party. You will not. You will go back freshly fucked and in whatever condition you are in."
"What about your cum?"
"What about it?"
"It's going to come out and run down my leg, especially if it's four days worth."
"So?"
"So you want me to walk around with your cum running out of my asshole and down my leg after just being fucked in the ass in some guy's bathroom and act normal? After not having a release for four days? And have regular ass conversations with people while it's happening?"
"No. I want you to want it. These are not demands. It's just something that I thought you would enjoy. You said you were ok with me pushing it further. If this is too much let me know. These are not orders even though I'm saying all of this like they are."
"I know. It's going to be very hard, but I want to try."
"It will be, but it'll be so good once you finally get to cum."
"I'm in."
"If the cum leaks down your leg you can use your other leg to rub it in if you want. No hands or cleaning cloths or anything like that, though."
"Ok."
"Are you absolutely sure about all of this?"
"Yes. It's making so fucking horny."
"I want you ready to go off at the party."
"Oh, I will be, that's for sure."
"I have another idea if you want to hear it."
"At this point why not," she says with a little laugh.
"When we leave the party I would like for you to strip off your dress and sandals and leave them in Adam's bushes. We will drive back to my place with you naked."
"What if someone sees me?"
"The party is in his back yard. I am guessing we can leave out the front and be fine."
"Guessing?"
"We will figure it out and be careful."
"What about the drive home?"
"You can recline or do whatever you want to hide yourself."
"Ok. I like that dress, though."
"Is it available to buy anywhere?"
"I think so."
"Then I will buy you another one."
"Ok."
"Maybe someone finds your dress and sandals, maybe they don't. If they do maybe they remember you wore that dress to the party or maybe they don't."
"It's a pretty slutty dress. They probably will."
"Does that bother you?"
"No, I kind of like it actually."
"After you throw your dress and sandals into the bushes I will drive us back to my place. We will go up the back to very likely avoid you being seen."
"Your friends are going to think I'm so slutty showing off at the party and seeing me like that, and maybe even finding my dress and knowing I left naked."
"If they do find out and ask me or say something we can either deny it or just be like hey, we're all adults here. We were having a little harmless fun."
"Yeah, I guess."
She is again running her fingers along her body and squeezing her legs together.
"When we get back to my place I will escort you out of the car and up the back porch. Once inside I will lead you into my bedroom, lay you down, and lightly kiss you. After that I will kiss your neck before moving down to your tits and nipples. After lightly kissing and playing with them I will move down, further and further, slowly, kissing your stomach all the way down, until I am right above your clit. Just when you think it will finally get some attention I will kiss everywhere around it and the rest of your pussy until I feel that you are ready. When I do I will very slowly and lightly lick your pussy all around before finally reaching your clit. I will lick you while moving my fingertips along your stomach and legs with the lightest of grazes until you cum."
She lets out a little whimper.
"Once you cum I will get undressed and make love to you slowly, kissing you softly for a bit before I speed up and fuck the absolute shit out of you until you tell me you can't take anymore."
"My god. I feel like I might cum right now."
"Remember what you said."
"If you keep talking like that I don't know if I can hold it. I feel like I might spontaneously combust right now." Her skin is flush as she continues running her fingers along her legs and hips.
"Well that's good, because I am done. Three days. If you make it three days without as much of a graze of your pussy, clit, or tits, I will make you feel like you've never felt before."
"You are a mean mean boy," she says before leaning over to kiss me. She pulls back and looks at me with a smile. "I honestly have no idea how I can hold off for three days feeling like I do right now. You can do anything you want to me right now. Literally anything."
"I would love to just talk and hang out if that's ok," I say with a smirk.
"You suck," she replies before kissing me again.
"When you need to use the bathroom it will be removed, but I will stand outside of the door with it open and make sure you do not touch yourself. Once done it will be put back on immediately after you clean up."
"I won't touch myself."
"I would still like to watch if that's ok with you."
"Ok, but how will I remove it when you're not here? Are you going to leave the key when you're gone?"
"If you are ok with it I'd like to stay here the entire time until I leave Friday night. That way I can tease you here and there and also have full control over the belt. I'll work from here and we can do whatever you want after that tomorrow and Friday."
"Ok. Did you bring clothes?"
"Yes, I have a bag in my car. I'll go get it. Be right back."
When I return with my bag she is in the kitchen grabbing us a couple of beers.
"If you're saving yourself, and I can't touch myself, what are we going to do for the next two days?"
"Just because I'm saving my cum for Saturday doesn't mean I wouldn't say no to you doing what you want except making me cum. Edging only for me. If you don't want to that's fine and we can just hang out, watch some movies, go out, whatever."
She walks towards me, staring intensely. When she reaches me she drops to her knees while maintaining eye contact, unbuckles and pulls down my pants, and exposes my dick sticking out of my briefs. She looks at it before looking back up at me. She slowly takes me into her mouth while maintaining eye contact, deeper and deeper, until her nose is touching my stomach.
This will be a fun two days.