It had been a little over a week since my last encounter with "my Sir" and I was living up on a cloud with the sweet memories of what "my Sir" has taught me and shown me over the past several weeks. I enjoyed the fact that "Sir" was totally in control of our encounters and our communication. I had no way to contact him other than an obscure email address. When he called the number on the screen was "unknown". It was thrilling to keep our private lives just that, private. Yet, I was more open to him than I had been to any man in my entire life. My ex had no idea about my thoughts and desires and certainly never used fantasy in our sexual exploits. His ONLY way to consummate was "missionary" style and the one time I tried to shake things up, he responded so horrified that I thought there was something horribly wrong with me. Thinking about what he would think about me today left me chuckling. Oh, well, his loss, my gain!
Work was done for the day and as I shut down my computer and had just stood up when the phone rang. Seeing that one word, "Unknown" began those sensual sensations all over my body. I answered and there was that honeyed voice. "Sir" asked me how I was and was I free for a few hours. Excitement built inside but then he told me he wanted me to get a pen and paper. He gave me an address and told me he wanted me to go make two purchases at this store. One was a butt plug and the other was a vibrator. He would reimburse me when he saw me next. He also wanted me to enjoy the experience of this escapade and to take it all in. Then he hung up.
I knew that this trip would prove to be enticing for me in many ways. It was only a few years ago that I had ever been into an adult store and I blushed as a true Southern Belle only could. But, today was different. I was to go and make purchases for "my Sir". I had experiences with a vibrator before but never a butt plug. So, off I went.
The store was very upscale than the store I had visited previously. I didn't feel dirty or thought that the others in there were sleazy, cheap. I spent time walking around and looking at the different areas. Since I love to read, I enjoyed checking out the literature section and the videos. I was drawn to the nipple clamps and found myself placing a set of them in my basket. My nipples have always been very sensitive and the thought of the sensation of them being squeezed tight, it alone made me hot. I found the selection of vibrators but had no idea there would be so many. I found one that was designed to feel like skin and of course, with it being purple (my favorite color), that seemed perfect for me. Butt plugs had me "stubbed". They came in so many different shapes, sizes, and colors. Finally I found one that was clear glass and small, more compact than others. With so few directions from "Sir" in regard to this, I just wasn't sure of his intentions for me. So off to the register I went to make my purchases and to go home to find a proper place to hide them. But on the ride home, I knew that tonight I would be trying to figure out how to use them and how to enjoy them.
Later that night before bed, I logged into email and "Sir" had left me one question..
"What did you purchase?"
I quickly typed about my experience and about all 3 purchases. It was getting pretty late so I logged out and headed for bed.
The next morning, there was his response, "Very good!"
A few hours later in the midst of my boring reports, the phone rang and my heart jumped. I answered to "my Sir" asking if I could meet him that day. I jumped at the chance and agreed readily. He told me to go to the same park, to park at the back but he had a few more details. I was to wear a low cut top, no bra with the nipple clamps that would be tight. I was to wear shorts with no panties and have the butt plug in me. Bring the vibrator but not to use it before I saw him. He also told me he had another surprise for me and he was hoping I would be open to this change in our relationship. I could not think of a reason I wouldn't be!
A few hours later I drove my SUV into the park where the sun was shining. I had on a cute cotton top that accented my 36 D's and a pair of navy blue shorts that showed off my tan. The butt plug was filling me nicely and on the drive over I had pretty much gotten comfortable with its location.
"Sir" had gotten there first that day and directed me to where he wanted me to park. I noticed he was carrying a brown paper bag but could not imagine what he had inside. He got in on the passenger side and told me to close my eyes. Once again, his voice mesmerized me and I willingly closed my eyes.
I heard the rustle of the bag and felt his hands and something else around my throat. He leaned over the console and lightly kissed my cheek. He whispered to me to open my eyes and look in the rearview mirror. When I did, I saw that "Sir" was holding a generic brown dog collar around my neck. He met my eyes with his and asked if I was ready to belong to him. I know I gasped but not from being nervous or scared but with desire. I wanted to belong to him. I wanted to be his. I wanted to share his desires and dreams for me, us. I whispered, "Yes". He smiled and fastened the collar around me. He turned my head and kissed me deeply allowing his hands to pull down my top to cup my breast and show off the clamps, chain. He pulled back and told me to get in the back seat.
When I moved my hands to cover myself back up, he stopped them and told me simply, "No". So, I opened my door and casually stepped out, clenching my butt checks to keep the plug secure. Then I opened the back door and climbed in. He had opened the other back door and stood there. "Sir" told me to strip, totally and lie down.. He had the vibrator in his hands after he removed it from the passenger front seat.
I was so hot for this man and this was the first time I had stripped myself for "Sir" and the first time he had seen all of me. I was clean shaven and very smooth. My clit was larger than most due to hormones I had to have after my hysterectomy so once it was engorged, it pushed my lips apart. I saw "Sir" with a look of total satisfaction on his face and I could not have been happier. He told me to slide down to him and I did. He took the vibe in his mouth and sucked it, licked it up and down and then placed it on me, turning it on and stroking me with it. I, with no control over my emotions, pushed myself up to him and pushed my head back. I know I moaned out loud and it wasn't long before I was begging. I wanted more, needed more. "Sir" was driving me to the brink and my multiples were growing. I had my eyes closed and "Sir" told me to open them and look behind me. I did and saw two males standing at the window looking down at me. This sent me over the edge and I was having orgasm after orgasm. I was in the middle when I looked back at "Sir" and he had his hardened rod in his hand. He smiled and leaned into the vehicle.
Using the vibrator still on my clit I felt him at my entrance. "Sir" looked down at me and said, "I am making you mine for now and eternity."
He then pushed inside my wet, hot, needy pussy and took me to heights I had only ever dreamed of. We rocked together and he leaned down and deep kissed me when I felt his hot juices explode inside me. I wrapped my arms around him and whispered into his ear, "I am all yours! I give myself to you willingly and forever!"
We sat up and used tissue to clean ourselves up. He presented the vibrator to me for me to taste myself and to lick it clean. I asked about the plug and was told me wanted me to become used to it so I was to wear it for a few more hours that day.
As I was preparing to leave he told me that I had pleased me very, very much that day and he was proud to have made me his.
I don't know who was happier, me or him?