Alexandra didn't know when it started.
The office had undergone several subtle changes, but she wasn't sure where it started from. Or if any of these were normal changes. She had been racking her brain for a while now, because she knew there was something wrong. Only she had no concrete proof.
Maybe it was the new dress code, when women weren't allowed pants anymore. The secretary didn't complain, though she had to buy more dresses and skirts. But, she did feel something was off. On the first day she came back into office after the dress code was enforced, there were still women in slacks. She didn't want to be a stickler for the rules, but perhaps it was a transitory period. After all, the next day, luckily (or unluckily? It hurt Alexandra's head to think which one it was) for her, everyone was in a skirt or a dress.
Still, it was odd she stopped wearing her pants outside of work. Any time she held up a pair of jeans or even sweatpants, they itched in her hand. It was aggravating to hold them, as if ants were crawling all over her hands and biting them. As such, she didn't even bother trying them on.
In the beginning of this state change, she wore knee-length skirts. They flattered her long, slender legs and gave off elegance and modesty. That was an aesthetic she adored, a sort of counter-culture for the feminist in her who loathed society's current trend of showing skin. But suddenly, her cherished knee length skirts and dresses were too hot to wear. It was always warm this time of year, but it was unusually scorching to cover up anywhere below the knees, or even just slightly above. Maybe global warming was getting far worse than she imagined?
So she made the logical choice of only wearing short skirts and dresses. It didn't matter if she turned the heads of more men than usual. It didn't matter if others gawked at her more and catcalled more, none of that mattered. Her legs seemed to spring on their own in her newer, shorter, wardrobe. A smile was always radiating from her face as long as she wore these revealing skirts. And she loved the stares. From men, from women, from everyone. It made her feel wanted, and that the days she went to the gym were not in vain. She loved how men complimented her slender legs, of which she could no longer imagine covering up. She lived for the way other women in the office would grope her ass firmed by squats. If it made her feel this wanted, there couldn't be anything wrong with these policies.
But then came another new policy! This one had to be odd, in some way, but Alexandra couldn't put her finger on why. A mandatory masturbation break a day couldn't have been a country-wide shift, could it? Did everyone need a masturbation break for 'focus' as the email said?
She lived in a Southeast Asian country, with conservative beliefs on sex! This had to be strange somehow. Before this policy, Alexandra had no desire to ever even consider getting off in public. Despite that, after seeing the email, she couldn't deny that her clit became more vocal. She could no longer even get through the first few hours without cumming in the ladies'.
One day after this policy enforced, Alexandra found that moaning started coming from other stalls as well. The previous day, it was silent and now it was like an opera of orgasm. It was a busy quarter for the company, so maybe all the ladies just needed unanimous relief. After a while, it became such a hassle to even walk over to the bathroom. And everyone was so loud that there was no hiding it. Soon enough, seeing someone use social media or fuck themselves (or both simultaneously) at their desk was commonplace.
Was this strange? Alexandra couldn't tell. It seemed so natural to slip two fingers into the waistband of her panties (there was no need for skirts anyways, her pussy would only need to be covered up with these cute blue panties) and rub her sensitive clitty until she had a mind-shattering orgasm right before a meeting. That seemed natural. She had to focus on work. The only way to do that was with constant cumming. Once, Susan from accounting even helped her get off with her tongue, which.... probably... didn't break company policy?
In fact, that incident alone probably triggered a new company wide policy. If a superior requested it, you would have to follow any and all sexual orders they command of you.
That one had to be strange! Alexandra read and read the email over and over again, and watched the briefing video attached over and over and over and over again to make sure she got the memo correct. To her surprise, with enough careful reading and rewatching the attachment, the policy made perfect sense.
Obviously, your superior could command you to help them. That's why they were the superior. If her boss demanded she get him a coffee, she'd grumble about it but she'd certainly get it. If upper management wanted her to move a chair, she would if she was free. And of course if Mr. Wang wanted a blowjob after his morning coffee, she would oblige and drain his balls of all his cum.
That was just what she did. It was company policy. Obeying her superiors was natural. It was natural for her to obey. She loved obeying her superiors. She respected her superiors. Superiors should use her.
It was a boring Thursday afternoon, about 12 P.M. Alexandra had finished giving two of her superiors handjobs and was still tasting the salty taste of cum on her lips from cleaning their cocks after. Sure, she hadn't gotten much work done today, but that was because she had to give sexual favours and get off herself. She was too horny after helping and listening to her superiors. Serving them turned her on. Of course she would be distracted.
Alexandra was taking her sixth masturbation break that afternoon when she was approached by Maya, the sweet intern fresh from university. She had a confused look on her face, a mix of horror and arousal, as she stared at Alexandra jam the 9-inch dildo into her pussy snatch. Alexandra noted the odd attire the girl was wearing. For even though she was wearing a white blouse, it wasn't see-through! But she was just an intern, so she could go a little easy on her.
"Ms... Yong, can I ask you something?" Her voice quivered and her eyes never left the rhythmic motion of the faux cock pulsing in and out of her cunt. Alexandra held back a moan as she nodded, gasping as the cock slid right back in her pussy lubricated by her juices.
"It's uh... Ms. Diana... she asked me to eat her out... at first I thought I misheard, but then she flashed me and-"
"Maya, she is your- ah fuck, superior right?" Alexandra asked rhetorically, not stopping her motion that had entranced Maya. She rolled her eyes, partly from pleasure but mainly because she knew where this was going. She was just confused about company policy. Maya nodded, her eyes glazing over. She could swear the younger girl was drooling at the sight of the girlcum dripping from the silicone cock.
"You've seen the emails, oh my god fuck, right? What do you do, ooh, ooh my god for su-superiors?"
"I... obey them..."
"Does that include sexual- OH MY GOD... yes... favours?" Alexandra moaned as she reached her climax, squirting right in front of the intern as her juices stained her skirt and the carpet.
"...n...N... yes... of course it does..." A bit of light returned to Maya's eyes, as if she had finally woken up. Her lips quivered and eyes widened as if the realisation of the simplicity of the situation was washing over her like a bucket of cold water. Of course if a superior requests you eat her out that you eat her out, how could she be such a fool?
"Well, then it seems obvious... just go back and apologise to Diana. I've fucked her before, she's really nice! She'll forgive you no problem!" Alexandra smiled, reminiscing on the tongue lashing she gave Diana a while back. It was strange that every woman in the office that she had slept with (and that was a lot) was a squirter, but perhaps it was just... statistical anomaly.
It was only natural for Maya to thank Alexandra for clearing up her misunderstanding with some grateful cunnilingus. A common courtesy, surely. The nubile intern daintily wiped the fluids off her face instead of letting it stay on her face as a marking like she should have. A blunder indicative of inexperience. Alexandra wanted to give her guidance so she wouldn't get into trouble, but the glow of the seventh orgasm that day made it difficult to compose sentences. These incidents churned in Alexandra's mind as she rhythmically tapped away at her keyboard, unfazed by the moaning in the office, the buzzing of her vibrator in her snatch, or the cool air caressing her nipples (not wearing tops was natural. It was very warm this time of year. The air conditioning would not make the heat go away. This was natural.). Something about all these seemed off, like wearing a blouse buttoned wrongly. Not that Alexandra was wearing, nor remembered how, to put on a blouse, but...
Her train of thought stopped when she heard a breathy, masculine voice whisper into her ear. "Company policy." When she heard that, she stood up and trailed the man. She followed him like a puppy on a leash, obedient and deliberate in her step. She could smell his natural, manly musk exuding from his body. Her eyes wouldn't leave his ass, admiring the way those tight trousers made it look. She had to admire its magnetic appeal, and also how he could wear anything that long in this heat. The man turned around, making sure Alexandra was following him. Alexandra almost laughed, why would he need to check if she was following? Of course she would obey his whim. She was below him. On the corporate ladder, of course. Thus, she would obey him. It was as obvious as the sky being blue or girls being horny. It was natural.
She was lead into his office a floor above hers. She noted the trash can in front had empty coffee cups, sweet wrappers, condoms and shredded documents. Surely, he must have had a tiring day. Alexandra felt guilty somehow, that her superior was having a tough day. A powerful urge to drop to her knees surged through her body, and she wanted to suck his cock so badly and let him spray his cum all over her face. But she wasn't commanded to do that. And thus, she did not.
She stood idly in front of his desk, wondering if her collar was on right. The provided work collars were uniforms. That's why they had dog tags with the female employees' names on it. That's all it was. A uniform. Nothing out of the ordinary. The man (Paul Ong Lian Song as she noted on the nameplate, which she would never forget after seeing. He was a superior, she had to know all of them) flipped through a document, humming softly under his breath. "Let's see. Stress relief. 2nd position."
In an instant, Alexandra dropped to her knees. It was as if her legs had given up on supporting her weight. She had forgotten how to walk, but that was only natural. It felt wrong to even walk the same way her superiors did. She crawled over to Paul's desk, positioning herself right underneath it and right in front of Paul's now throbbing cock. She eyed the erection forming a tent in his trousers. She noted how it must be so uncomfortable in there and unzipped his fly. Mechanically, she fished out his cock, stroking it with her hands. It seemed natural.
"Hm... no, not like this." Paul murmured, flipping through the document as Alexandra stroked him. She did it as if it was the most natural thing in the world (and to Alexandra it was), before he found the page he was looking for. A giddy smirk appeared on his face as he read the words aloud.
"Hungry to serve." He said it in a low voice with his own lust dripping from each word.
It was like putting on new prescription glasses for Alexandra. A shift in her mind. Like finally understanding how a math equation should be solved. All of a sudden, her mouth felt empty, and there was the perfect thing to fill it with right in front of her. Greedily, she wrapped her mouth around his pulsating cock and sucked and licked and played with him as if she were the one getting pleasure from it. And thanks to her programming, she was. It was as if invisible hands were running themselves over her body, her cunt, her hair, everywhere she adored to be touched. Nothing was more important than cock. Food, money, family, shelter, friends, it all shrunk in her mind as dick became all she needed.
A gush of fluid entered her mouth as Sir moaned, clearly satisfied with Alexandra's service. She swallowed every drop of it, savouring the taste. A small part of her was screaming that none of this was right. That none of this made sense. That this was unnatural. But a far more vocal part worried over whether it was okay for her to be dripping her slutty girlcum all over the carpet.
"Alexandra, listen to me. Watch the screen." Sir spoke as he adjusted himself. The gears in Alexandra's head began turning at a different speed and the video Sir was playing on his laptop became far more important. She didn't know when Sir had put the headphones on her, but she didn't care. It was only important that she watched the video. And listened carefully to what the suggestions were. Nothing else mattered. It was natural to submit herself to the screen, to the sounds. The bright colours devoured her, and words in her ear gently stroked her mind, then buried themselves deep into her subconscious. That was all she remembered. It was 6 P.M when Alexandra awakened, surprised she had fallen asleep.
She was back at her desk, with a strange salty taste in her mouth. Something was fishy. The office was empty by this time, as most workers had all but gone home. Now with the haze of sex lifting from her mind, she was beginning to get her senses back. The used condoms and sex toys haphazardly strewn all over various desks, the panties and boxers that littered the floor, none of it was right. Well, it seemed natural to her, but something about it all was just wrong. Even the usual smell of sex in the air was not as comforting as it normally was.
Desperate to figure out what had been bothering her for weeks now, Alexandra closed her eyes and tried to focus on what was wrong. She knew something had to be wrong, it was like an itch she just couldn't scratch. She thought of the things she did. The blowjobs, the handjobs, the sex, the conditioning she did to her understudies, the positions she had been in under the studies of her superiors, her workplace behaviour and attire... She groaned, in frustration instead of pleasure, and suddenly it all clicked together. What was wrong. There was something horribly wrong going on in the office and she had to fix it. She had to stop it. Only she could because everyone else seemed unaware! That was the scary part, how she felt like it was normal. How she was so blind to these despicable acts.
But luckily, she had figured it out. And she knew exactly how to fix it. She began typing out an email and recording a video message for the rest of the female staff. They were the brunt of the victims, and she had to save them. This moral depravity wouldn't go on any longer. Beginning the video recording, her hands moved over to select a specific virtual background without any thought, she began to deliver the words that would set everyone free.
"Hi everyone! Sorry you all keep getting emails from me, but I promise that this will be the last one for a while! I've noticed that a lot of us are still wearing panties in the office. Now, I just wanted to remind us that panties are not to be worn in the office. What you do outside the office is none of our business, but in a professional environment we need to uphold modesty for both internal and external meetings." In one deft movement, Alexandra pulled her drenched panties off and showed them to the camera.
"Remember, you shouldn't be wearing panties over your pussy! We need to be accessible at all times. If you want to wear your panties, please do so by using them as a gag for our slutty mouths, as I will soon demonstrate. If you see any girl still wearing her panties over her pussy, instead of offering herself up to our superiors, please notify HR ASAP. Thank you for the cooperation and remember to love to serve!" Smiling to herself for a job well done, Alexandra shoved her panties in her mouth, moaning at the taste of her own juices, then stopped the recording. All she had to do was add a subject to her email and her job would be done. Everyone would be safe. With a pleasant tingle on her clit and a lazy smile worn despite her gag, she typed and sent the company wide email, cumming loudly as she pressed enter.
Alexandra left the office, professionally undressed with her stained panties protruding out her mouth. A combination of the orgasm and her pride at figuring out the oddity invading the office left her wet slit dripping all over the floor, as she bounced out the door with her full tits on display. All that remained in the office was a powered-on computer, with the email taking up the screen.
"Subject: Re: re: re: re: Update on Company Policy"