-If cuckolding and cheating are not your preferred topics, please be forewarned.
Rory had been the first to move into his new university halls. It was a great relief to him after months of searching for the perfect place to live and study. He had already been accepted into the university and was waiting for courses to be announced.
The halls were a five-story building with three sets of flats on every floor. 5 bedrooms in each group of flats. Every room had its own bathroom and a shared kitchen. Rory's bedroom came at the end of the hall and could have been more spacious, but he liked it. What made up for the lack of space was the fact that it was on the top floor. He could look out the window and see for miles into the distance. And a side benefit of no one walking above him, which later in life he'd learn was a blessing.
He had met all of his new roommates on his first day, but there was one that stood out from the rest. Her name was Ella. A Romanian student with long dark hair, massive tits and a slim body going down to a small tight ass. Rory couldn't help but stare at her, and he felt his cock throb just looking at her, having not seen such a, in his mind, "slutty" looking girl in his life. Tight leggings and a top that clung to her body like a second skin showing off her enormous tits to the world.
He had only ever visited London on two occasions, ticking off all the sights. Having grown up in a rural area, he knew that it would be quite a change, but he felt like he was as ready as he could be. One thing was for sure - none of his former crushes held a candle to Ella.
But it wasn't just physical attraction that drew him to Ella. There was something powerful about her. She wasn't like all the other new people he'd met. She was 27 while everyone else was eighteen-nineteen, fresh from Sixth form. Her age showed disinterest in the greetings, participating in dinner and drinking together. Just so cold, or at least the others thought of it as cold, Rory looked at it as experience, which turned him on to no end. Still from a foreign background, he couldn't quite put his finger on her.
On the second night of Rory lounging in bed, his head slightly swimming from a few drinking games with the other flatmates before he snuck away before the drinks really started flowing. Ella wasn't present, of course. And his mind began to wander its usual path -- searching for satisfaction from whatever he desired at the moment. In this instance, it was Ella's body. With fervour, he grabbed his phone, looking for something pornographic to state his desires. But none of it compared to the sheer perfection of Ella's body - her gorgeous curves, tight ass, and lush breasts that threatened to spill over her top when she laughed. He had never seen a more spectacular vision in all his life.
Getting his cock out and starting to jerk off to Ella. Picturing himself stripping her, revealing her stunning tits with their hard nipples. Burying his face in them, licking and sucking until she moaned. Pinching those lovely nipples between thumb and forefinger. His hands groping her small but tight ass. A finger slid into her slit, which clung to it desperately.
Rory had been aware of the sound of the front door and Ella's room door creaking, but he was so lost in his own world that he hadn't paid any attention to it. He'd been too preoccupied with his jerk-off session to give it a thought.
Out of nowhere, his trance was broken by a simple rhythm.
"O," Thud.
"O," Thud.
"O," Thud.
On and on, the pace quickening. Then a break, a few seconds, and again.
"O," Thud.
"O," Thud.
Reality sunk in. Ella was getting fucked, and god, it sounded glorious, her accented voice marking her moans matching each bang of the bed against the wall.
Increasing his pace to match the moans, he had never had a night like it. Still a virgin and a prom night handjob being as far as Rory had been, Ella put any girl he'd kissed held hands, let alone seen to shame. A goddess by all rights. Picturing himself making her moan like this, he thrust his hips into his hand, reaching breaking point, his cock spurting cum out.
After climaxing, Rory hopped out of bed, heading for his shower, still noticing the continual moans. Showering and cleaning up didn't take long, and after taking a quick piss and cleaning his teeth, Rory went back to bed, noticing silence coming from across the hall now.
Rory awoke in the night. The traffic? No, it wasn't too bad on the street outside. Checking his phone for the time. Two A.M. Then he heard it again. Was it the same moans, just, Quieter this time? Desperate to know, Rory got out of bed, being sneaky for no one's sake but his own, He crept to the door just a couple of metres, but it made a difference.
It was her again, "O, O, O," Rory couldn't believe he was listening to it again and fuck, he was so hard again. Quickly getting his cock out again, he grabbed it with a fumbling hand, matching the strokes to the moans.
His heart was pounding and racing in his chest, his cock throbbing with desire. He wanted her so badly, and deep down, he believed this was probably as close as he'd ever get to Ella in this state. Was he really going to cum to his dream girl getting fucked by another man twice in one night? His body shook with pleasure quickly once again.
The following day he headed to the kitchen. Ella was there. Her hair was a mess, and she had dark circles under her eyes. Sat eating her granola, she looked rough, but in a way that attracted Rory even further, he wanted to talk to her so badly, but out of fear of being annoying, he decided not to try.
Rory sat down at the breakfast table. Ella glanced over from her food. "Morning," she said with a completely straight face.
"Morning," Rory replied, almost stuttering as his heart raced.
"I've got washing to do. You doing anything this morning?"
"N-no, sorry," he nervously said, unsure why he apologised. "I don't have any plans."
"Good," she said, standing up from the table.
Good? What did she mean? Rory thought to himself, feeling baffled.
"I want someone to come with me so no one else annoys me while I'm down there."
"So, ugh, okay, sure," Rory stammered out.
The knock came from outside, two short raps. "Rory," it called through the woodwork. Fuck, her voice was so hot, he thought to himself as he approached the door.
"You okay?" He questioned nervously.
"yeah. Let's go" Rory stared intently into her face, searching for some sign of emotion, but there was none. Was she genuinely disgusted by his presence or just using him to stay away from other people? He let out a small laugh at the irony; here, he was questioning her motives when he could hardly manage basic interactions himself.
The laundry room was located on the bottom floor near the courtyard, so they both could do their washing and then sit on one of the benches nearby. Not a word had been uttered since they left. He already knew that she wouldn't be interested no matter what he said.
"You a virgin?" She spat the words out from nowhere, her voice resonating in his ears.
He stuttered back, "No, n-no, I'm not," too shocked to think coherently by the sudden question. Was she serious? His mind started whirring with thoughts as he tried to understand what was going on. He had to be strong if he needed to impress, yet every word she spoke broke any spine he had.
"Ah... I want to fuck a virgin one day," she said with a menacing stillness that sent shivers down his spine. He felt her icy stare upon him as if she knew he'd lied and was waiting for him to buckle.
Changing the subject quickly to avoid her pressing on his lie, "I think we can put our stuff in the driers now."
"Yeah, let's go." Her stone face had returned.
As Rory removed his wash and stuffed it into the drier, he watched Ella do the same with her enormous black hoodie, still not enough to hide her perfect tits. He'd noticed them the first day, greeting her in the hallway very briefly, but Ever since that moment, her body had been seared into his brain. The hoodie dropped just low enough to cover her ass, and how it fell over her hips to her legs made him wonder if her entire wardrobe was full of clothes made purely to make every man within viewing distance stare.
"Rory," interrupting his dreaming, "I'm going outside. Hurry up."
"y-yeah."
"You can stare. I don't mind."
Rory's gut dropped. He'd been caught, "I wasn't. I'm sorry i..."
"I don't care." She responded, settling the matter.
"Do you hate me?"
"No."
Finally getting a bit of confidence just from her bluntness annoying him, Rory asked, "What's your problem? Have I done something? Or what? I'm so confused," Chucking at his last comment.
Looking up at him, surprised he'd had the courage, she chuckled and fuck, it was the most amazing thing Rory had seen that day.
"I like you." Giving the slightest hint of a smile, she continued, "Just don't go expecting anything, and don't lie to me again."
Lie, Rory thought. About not looking? Or... that he wasn't a virgin. Could she really tell just from a couple of interactions?
"I won't." Looking down at the alarm going off on his phone, "Driers are done."
Ella stood up with a sense of accomplishment, pleased to see her impact on Rory. Every time she spoke or looked at him, he seemed to crumble into himself. It was amusing, but he still treated her kindly. She wasn't sure if there could be something between them, but at least this place wouldn't be too bad.
Watching her walk away, Rory found himself wondering how far he'd go for a kiss, a touch, anything. He couldn't believe his luck just getting to do such a simple activity with her.
Rory tore off as soon as they returned to the flat, desperate to relieve himself of the erection he'd been holding onto since laying eyes on Ella that morning. Her image and her passionate moans from the night before played on repeat in his head, driving him wild. His hands trembled as he feverishly worked himself over, reliving every memory of their encounter. The floodgates opened as wave after wave of orgasmic bliss sent tremors through his body - something he hadn't experienced in years. With a final surge, he released the last drops his balls had left from the night before, coating his stomach in a layer of salty sweat and cum.
Deep breaths and exhaustion took over Rory. Getting up to clean his mess up, he reached the bathroom, shirt still held above his stomach. As he splashed water on it and wiped away the cum with some toilet paper. Suddenly, he heard a knock from behind him. Before he could turn around and look, his front door flung open, and Ella marched in with a determined stride. Panicking, he quickly grabbed, pulled his shirt down to cover up and hastily tucked himself back into his pants.
Ella immediately stopped, seeing Rory in his bathroom, staring intensely at Rory as he stood by the sink, spinning around and shaking off the water droplets from his hands.
"You're wet," she told him, her voice and face entirely deadpan.
"Oh yeah, I just splashed myself washing my hands," he replied nervously.
"Your number, what is it?" She demanded in a rush of anticipation.
He quickly rattled off his number to her before taking a step back. "Message me so I've got yours," he asked as she put her phone back into her pocket.
"I will. Remember what I told you earlier," she said as she spun on her heel and flung his door shut behind her with a thunderous bang!
Earlier? The Lying. But... She couldn't have known what he was actually doing, could she? "Fuck," Could she read him this easily already. Did she want him to tell her he was jerking off?
Later that evening, Rory sat having his food with Cass Black lad similar in height and physique to Rory, who seemed to be the only one he was really getting along with and understanding. Talking about the day's football, the other two roommates came in, Hana and Leon. Hana was of Korean descent and remarkably beautiful but had been entirely overshadowed by Ella immediately. Leon, a local lad who grew up in London, had taken a liking to Hana, and Rory suspected they had already hooked up.
The atmosphere in the room slowly changed to a more relaxed vibe as drinks were passed around, but Rory felt like he was out of place. He quietly excused himself and headed to his room, desperate to find that message from Ella, yet deep down, he was expecting that it would never arrive. He thought back on all the moments they had spent together earlier that day, chastising himself for being so naive as to believe she would be thinking about him as he thought about her. She was, simply put, out of his league.
Rory blinked his eyes, his phone notifications going wild. Waking himself in a panic, he grabbed his phone.
"Rory."
"Rory."
"Rory."
He was getting spammed. Quickly typing his response, "Hello, who is this? Stop spamming!"
"It's Ella. I've ordered breakfast. Can you go to the main hall to collect it'll be here in 5."
"What? Wait, why can't you?"
"It's too early."
"you're not serious?"
"I am, please."
Even though it was just a message, Rory noted it was the most polite she'd been with him.
"Fine."
Getting dressed quickly, Rory headed down. Surprised at the size of the breakfast she'd ordered for herself, he made his way back to the flat.
"Come in," Ella called the moment Rory had knocked.
Rory's heart rocketed, expecting her just to take it off him at the door and slam it in his face. Entering, he immediately noted the obvious symmetry to his room and then, wow. Dressed in just a kimono, his head went straight to the thought of if she was wearing anything beneath.
Settling in his head, he really took in the site in front of him. Sat at her desk, the floral kimono struggled to hide her glorious tits showing plenty of cleavage, dropping down to her waist where it was tied tight to her waist, revealing her stunning figure. His gaze dropped lower. He could see the top of one of her tanned, toned thighs.
His cock raging, Lost for words, Ella broke his trance. "We need plates. Hello? don't forget forks and knives." She instructed him as she took the food bag off him, placing it on her desk.
"Y-y-yeah, on it!" Was this happening? Rory was going to have breakfast with Ella in her room. Rushing to the kitchen, seeing no one else about yet, he grabbed 2 plates and a set of cutlery each.
Arriving back at her, Ella had unpacked. Bacon, pancakes, Syrup. She hadn't held back. Not the sort of breakfast someone in halls would usually be splashing out on 3 days in.
Taking a plate and filling it, Ella returned to her bed. "You can have the desk."
Taking his share of breakfast, he sat down on her chair and watched Lottie. She sat upright against the headboard of her bed, her legs stretched out in front of him. Long tanned legs jutted from the hem of her kimono. He was transfixed by her exotic elegance and found himself captivated as his gaze followed her curves all the way down to her petite feet.
Rory had never considered foot fetishes particularly appealing, yet looking at Ella's, he could really see the appeal.
They ate in silence, Rory eating and watching. Ella scrolled her phone between bites. With only half a pancake left, she looked up at Rory.
"It's a shame you're not a virgin. I'd fuck you right now, I think."