It was early Saturday morning. I got up and showered, my mind replaying the many erotic events since the girls arrived on Thursday. The thoughts of my daughter's sexual escapades with Carrie and Billy, and then our adventure last night had me hard in no time. I expected that things might get intense as the day wore on, so I avoided ejaculation, and it was good that I did.
I wrapped a towel around my waist, and walked down the hall and into to my bedroom. I stopped abruptly when I saw Carrie standing next to my bed in the blue blouse and panties from last night.
"Carrie. Up early again?"
"Well, you owe me, don't you?" she asked in a saucy tone. Yes, she delivered on showing how Liv is not my innocent little girl anymore, and now I "owed" the teenager the privilege of a mouthful of my cum.
What was I supposed to do, go back on my word? I laughed at the notion and dropped the towel where I stood. Carrie took my arm and stood me next to the bed, got on her knees, and coveted my semi-erect cock in her small hands. Her mouth was on me instantly and one hand reached up to place my hand firmly on the back of her head. Carrie made loud suctioning noises and drooled saliva all over my organ, so I figured I should play along.
"You are a dirty little cocksucker aren't you, Carrie?"
Carrie suctioned hard and then released my dick with a popping noise. "And so is Livvy," came her retort, looking up at me. Her mouth lost the "O" shape as she smiled at me. "Call me Liv, again, DADDY."
Why not, I thought. "Alright, Liv. Lick Daddy's balls!"
The teen gripped my cock upright and licked at the wrinkled skin between my balls, pressing her flat tongue into the base of my cock. Then she wrapped her soft lips around my left nut, and looked up at me. "Like this, Daddy?"
"That's my good little girl, Liv. Do you want Daddy to fill your mouth with his hot seed?" In for a penny, I thought.
Carrie let go of my ball sack and said, "Fuck yes!"
"Then show Daddy how you like to deep throat him and maybe he will give you that present you want so badly!"
The girl became voracious; she took my fat cock halfway down her esophagus, delighting in the gurgling noises she was making. She struggled with my girth but her lips and tongue had me nearing orgasm far sooner than I wanted.
"God, Liv, I want to cum in your mouth so badly."
Our eyes locked and Carrie nodded obediently. I used both hands on her head to show her the rhythm that would have me nutting all over her in only a few seconds. Carrie somehow used a muscle at the back of her tongue to suction my knob into her constrictive throat.
"Here it comes, sweet girl," I said in a low voice, afraid our noises might wake Liv up down the hall. I knew Carrie wanted it, so when I felt the first shot of semen rocketing up my urethra, I held her sweet young head still and jettisoned two full squirts right down her throat.
Carrie gagged and swallowed like a champ, and then fought to pull back from drowning in my cum. I let go and her right hand took over, milking my cock of four more streams of cum. She wiped my reddened knob across her mouth and cheeks, smearing my cock snot above her upper lip like a pro. I lay back on the bed, spent once more by this vivacious nymph. Carrie stood next to the bed, tasting each finger. Then she did something quite unexpected.
Carrie turned to the smoke alarm in the corner of the room - yes, the one that has the surveillance camera covertly mounted inside it - and waved.
I was stunned. How could she know about the camera? Had she been sneaking around the house looking for them?
Carrie looked back my way and said, "Wave to Liv, Mike. Maybe she is watching right now!" I looked toward the camera, flabbergasted. I bolted upright.
"What the...?"
Carrie sat next to me on the bed. "You really should use passwords on your computer, Mike."
"You... you told Liv about the cameras?" A felt sick in my stomach.
"Relax. She is still asleep. I was just fucking with you." Carrie stroked my bare thigh and got up, adding, "Okay, we are even." She sucked her index finger once more. "I would say that you are paid in full."
I had forgotten about the surveillance camera being on while Carrie was blowing me. A thought flashed of Liv finding the video and seeing me throat-fucking Carrie while clearly calling her Liv. I worried that hearing those words from me might repulse my only daughter.
When Carrie got to the door, she said, "I'm going back to bed. I feel like adding some of your daughter's sweet pussy to your cum." Jesus, I thought, that girl just keeps turning up the heat.
I got dressed and went downstairs. I cut up some vegetables and meats to make omelettes, and began frying one up for me, when I heard the girls coming down the stairs. Both wore sundresses, but this time neither girl sported a bra beneath. Each teen made eye contact, almost daring me to get caught staring at their breasts - Liv's much more bouncier than Carrie's..
I offered, "I'm making breakfast. Are you two interested?"
Carrie nodded while Liv said, "Thanks, Daddy. That would be nice." I caught Carrie standing behind Liv, licking each one of her fingers, smiling like a Cheshire cat. It was then that I could not help myself but to watch the pendulous sway of Liv's heavy orbs beneath her dress as she walked to the kitchen table.
It was the craziest of things that, as I made omelettes and we sat down to eat, the conversation turned to the most mundane things. While I was mulling over the multiple events - jaw dropping ones at that - the girls chatted as though we were three normal adults who hadn't fornicated in such kinky ways.
Then, Liv asked, "Did Carrie tell you about Billy?"
My eyes went to her teen friend, who looked delighted. "No, she didn't," I answered, not taking my eyes off Carrie. My stomach tensed up while Carrie paused for effect.
Carrie finally said, "It turns out that Billy's aunt lives a few blocks from here. So Billy is coming up to spend the day here, while his Mom is visiting her sister."
Liv added, almost as if choreographed, "Billy can get a ride back to school with us tomorrow if it's okay that he stays the night. Is it okay Daddy?"
"Sure. Why not?" I wanted to add, "What else has Carrie planned for me?", but I didn't want to give her even more satisfaction.
We were eating our last bites of egg when the doorbell rang. Liv got up to answer, and Carrie stood to gather the used dishes and take them to the sink. Carrie looked around to ensure that Liv wasn't nearby, and said, "Mmm, delicious pussy. Want a taste?" She licked her lips and gave me a deep tongue kiss. There was definitely a flavor to her lips and tongue.
I brought the rest of the dishes plus the frying pan over, where Carrie was running hot water to fill the sink. "Wash or dry?" she asked.
"Dry." I wondered where Liv had gotten to while we took care of the dishes and when the last one was put away, Carrie took my hand and said, "Come with me." She led me toward my office.
"We have one more surprise for you, Mike," she said, as we walked down the hall. What the hell were these two up to? Opening the office door, Carrie said, "Here, sit." I took my seat at the computer. Carrie leaned over my shoulder and opened the security camera app, her cropped hair brushing against mine. I smelled her perfume as the camera in the family room showed Liv kneeling next to the sofa, yanking who could only be Billy's sweatpants down.
His 6'4" lanky body towered over Liv, his eyes fixed on her, his hand on hips awaiting my daughter's oral services. Billy's black, shoulder length, curly hair looked like a "Jesus" style cut, as did his thick black beard and moustache.
Before his Calvin Klein's hit the floor, Billy said, "Suck that thing, you cunt. Did you bring me hear to tease me or what?" Liv obediently raised his semi-hard hose up and pulled back the abundant foreskin of his dark brown cock, and wrapped her lips around the fleshy knob.
Carrie lowered a hand to my crotch and found my already aroused shaft. "Livvy does like to please," she whispered in my ear. My daughter began fellating this man on command, slobbering over and working the mid-twenties man's cock into its formidable length. Meanwhile, Carrie slipped her hand beneath my blue jeans and began toying with my cock.
"She loves that dick, Mike. Look at her go." Billy's hands had a firm grip on Liv's head, pushing her to various lengths of what must be eight or nine inches of rigid and slender cock, and forcing her down until her lips were pressed into his thick, black pubes.
Billy held her so long at his root, that I wondered if she was okay. Panic set in while he yanked Liv's hair back until his cock sprung free. Long tendrils if saliva formed a tenuous bridge from Liv's lips to Billy's cock head. Carrie used her thumb to rub the pool of precum all around the head of my cock. Tears streamed down Liv's face as she went back for more.
Liv enveloped Billy's sloppy shaft; her eyes staring into his; wanting him to show pleasure at her oral skills. Billy drew her mouth from him, and ordered, "Now my balls, you fucking whore!" Liv gripped his reddening shaft and squeezed it as she lifted it straight up so she could access his hairy ball sack. I let out a moan as Carrie began to caress the long vein on the underside of my cock; her thumb teased my frenulum.
"Your little girl seems to be all grown up now, eh Daddy?" Carrie went from caresses to slow, delicious strokes, and her lips softly kissed the curled skin of my earlobe. I watched Liv lapping at his scrotum, and recalled how well her mother enjoyed playing with my balls just as I was ready to ejaculate.
From the computer screen, I heard, "Okay, give me that pussy." Liv stood up and grasped the hem of her sundress, raising it up over her head, exposing her naked body underneath. Her large melons wobbled as she sat on the edge of the sofa and leaned back.
Billy grabbed behind Liv's knees and positioned her body to better access her baby smooth pussy. He spit on his hand and slapped Liv's labia with it as the only form of lubrication she would get. His pencil-shaped cock didn't even slow down at Liv's ready entrance; he drove his lengthy staff to its hilt.
Liv's wide eyes and gasp told me that Billy's assault on her young pussy was having its desired effect. Carrie lowered her head to my cock and began to fellate me. I gazed at Billy's flexing ass cheeks while he delivered blow after fucking blow to my little girl. The look on Liv's face was delirium.
Liv hooked the backs of her knees in each hand, to draw her thighs tight against her body, so as to be impaled as deeply as possible. Billy asked her, "You like my big Daddy dick, baby?" Liv locked eyes with him, biting her lip and nodding.
"Say it you fucking slut!"
"Yes, Daddy. I love your dick. Fuck your little girl!" Between the slapping sounds of Billy's crotch and the tongue bathing that my rigid knob was receiving, I could feel my moment of eruption was imminent.
Suddenly, Carrie raised her mouth from my cock, let go of my cock, and uttered, "Oh, no you don't." I saw my dick pulsing, ready to shoot, but then the teen flicked the underside right at my frenulum and added, "You're not losing your shit like this." I looked on in horror as my cock began to wilt, despite the cries of pleasure my daughter was moaning from Carrie's boyfriend.
At the same time, I heard Billy's guttural groans as he pulled on Liv's hips while he delivered a white-hot load of cum into her fertile pussy. His glutes remained taut and his thrusts retreated to barely an inch or two, dumping his hot semen into my daughter's loins.
"Don't you fucking touch yourself, Mike," said Carrie, getting up off the bed. She stood up and reached out her hand for mine. I got up and followed her, naked as a jaybird. What the fuck was she up to?
We climbed the stairs and made our way to my bedroom. Carrie opened the door, guided me inside and said, " Get into bed. I will be right back." I sat atop the covers, my flaccid cock head leaking precum like a sieve. I was in utter disbelief at how this teenager could just take control like that, and that a man old enough to be her father just lets her have her way at every turn.
About two minutes later, my bedroom door opened. My eyes grew wide when I realized that it wasn't Carrie; instead, the beautiful form of my own daughter as she stepped inside and closed the door behind her. Liv stood there; her nipples looked like thick Hershey kisses against her heaving breasts.
I looked for a second to the smoke detector in the corner of the room, knowing that whatever might happen here would be recorded. And, as I looked back to my naked daughter, she was standing near the bed, looking down at herself as Billy's silvery mucous leaked down her thighs.
"See what Billy did to me?" she asked, peeling apart her beet red labia.
"Are you on the pill, sweetie?"
"Yes, Daddy."
More goo appeared at Liv's well-used opening. Her pink pea-shaped nubbin appeared from beneath its hooded sheath. I felt myself hardening; each beat of my heart smoothing the wrinkles from my wanting shaft.
"Touch me," she offered in a quiet voice. I stared at he gorgeous breasts and raised a hand to cup her left one. My thumb strummed across her rubbery nipple. Liv moaned at my touch, letting me know that she was aroused as I.
Her left hand took my other hand and drew it to her warm, slick mons. I cupped the silky bump as I had done to her mother so many times; my middle finger instinctively dipped between Liv's puffy red folds, now hot and inflamed from Billy's deep thrusts. I knew that Billy's semen was why Liv's pussy was so wet, but I wasn't repulsed.
"Did Billy fuck you good, Liv?" Our eyes looked into the other's soul. She nodded and moaned softly at my touch.
Liv whispered, "Carrie said it got you excited. Like you are now." I looked down to see that my cock was fully engaged; a steady stream of precum meandered over its veins.
"I love seeing you pleasured," I answered.
"Yes. Sometimes, I like to be taken that way." Her hand let go of mine while my finger delved into her cum saturated hole. And then Liv's hand found my wet cock head; her thumb smeared my lubrication all around the mushroomed knob.
Liv said in a low voice, "I want you inside." My nineteen year-old daughter lowered her head and kissed the tip of my spear, her tongue tasted my salty syrup, and pushed into my cock slit to retrieve a dollop of precum. She looked up at me with her puppy dog eyes; silently pleading with me while her lips kissed the contours of my turgid knob. Liv turned her head sideways and placed her lips on either side of the protruding tube that would soon transport my nut sack full of cum. My fingers combed through her long, dark curls and the back of my hand caressed the smoothness of Liv's left cheek. I whispered, "You look so much like your mother."
I found my hips unconsciously humping her, my eyes incredulously seeing my grown up little girl seducing me so gently. Liv moved her body until her wonderful melons hung over my rigid shaft. Then she lifted my weeping cock between them and rode forward and back, pressing her ample bosom together. My dick was enveloped in her cleavage; precum drizzled onto Liv's pale breasts. When I moaned aloud, Liv let my cock free of her warm bosom and crawled upwards on either side of my legs, until her breasts dangled above my face and sopping her pussy lips glided along my steel hard length. Liv's slimy wetness slathered my pole in her gooey lube and the remnants of Billy's seed.
I rose up and pursed my lips around my daughter's right nipple, sucking the rubbery nub in like an infant feeding from its mother. Liv savored my suckling lips and alternating flicks of tongue upon her nipple. She lowered a hand until it cupped my shaft in her palm, and then her fingers wrapped around to guide my dripping spear along her sodden labia. When my spearhead found the muscled opening to her womanhood, Liv's delicate fingers pushed it until my thick knob penetrated it.
"Oh, Daddy. You're so fucking big," she called out, her eyes gazing into mine. I looked down to watch my cock ease into my daughter, incredulous that any of this could even have happened.
"And you are so tight." With one stride of her hips, Liv fully impaled her pussy with all of my length.
Liv ground her hips into my pubes, and rocked back and forth in an attempt to feel my broad staff ever deeper. I knew that I wasn't anywhere near as deep inside Liv as Billy had been earlier, but her wide eyes and guttural moans told me that I was offering a different kind of satisfaction. Her muscles gripped my shaft, her suction milking me of precum each time her thighs rose to the point I feared falling out. "I need it, Daddy," she moaned, her fingers delving into my chest hairs for balance.
"Take what you want, baby," I said softly. I felt my semen boiling, and the decadence of seeing my teenaged daughter squatting over and riding my rigid dick was just too much. "Oh, baby. Daddy is going to cum."
But, that just sent Liv into another gear, and her strides became more frantic. Liv's gloriously large boobs bounced in time with her pace, almost hypnotizing me while I ascended towards release.
Liv's hips quickened, and she called out, "Cum inside me, Daddy!" A switch flipped in that moment, and I impulsively grabbed Liv's ribcage and tossed her onto her back, towering above her to ply her in my own way.
"Oh, you want Daddy's cum?" I flexed my hips back and saw my veiny shaft slathered in that young man's semen. I drove deep into my little girl, each thrust scooping out more of his semen, wanting to replace it with my own. My daughter raised her knees up high and her face grimaced as my wider dick delightfully stretched her young vagina.
Liv looked up at me and nodded, then looked down to view each ardent thrust; she savored each slap of my balls against her thighs and ass. Liv knew by my facial contortions that I was about to ejaculate. When my spunk sprayed into Liv's warm, wet cavity, my head shot forward while my brain buzzed with ecstasy.
My hips flexed again to drive my payload into my little girl's womb. I looked to where we were coupled and was amazed as my cum drooled down my shaft, Liv's pussy lips suctioned to my girth. "Ohhhh, fuck!"
When my last thrust dribbled one last salvo deep into her sheath, Liv slowed her own thrusts to a stop. She leaned up and kissed me. I kissed her back, but more like the daughter kisses we've always shared.
Soon, Liv kissed my chin then my throat while she moved lower. I smelled her clean, fresh hair before she shuttled down to kiss my chest and then belly. I knew where she was going and was glad to see her there. It had been so long since her mother had her face between my legs.
Liv began licking up my sticky shaft, savoring the salty taste of two men. When she looked up at me, I saw the face of her mother, who always enjoyed cleaning my cock following a good hard fuck.
Liv suddenly got up from the bed and said, "Thanks, Daddy. That was hot!"
"But..." I began. Ann and I always spent time cuddling in bed after a round of sex.
"Carrie said that I have to go right back down." She cupped one hand around the curve of her vagina and quickly left the room. I looked down at my deflated dick; the now useless hose fully sated.
Then I thought of Carrie, and how she manipulates everything. Why did Liv need to return so quickly? I figured there were only two ways to find out. The first would be to just go down to the family room and witness whatever act of depravity Carrie had in store. But, I hadn't even met this Billy guy, so the second option of returning to my office to watch from there was a better plan.
I put on some underwear and a tee shirt and made my way to the office where there was a note left on the keyboard of my laptop. It read:
YOU ARE SUCH A DEVIANT MIKE. NOW I KNOW WHERE LIVVY GETS IT.
Beneath the note was scribbled a winky face and signed only in a large 'C'.
I looked at the screen, which had gone to sleep and tapped the space bar. When the screen lit up, the camera in the family room was on. It showed Billy lying on his back on the floor, in front of the sofa, arms and legs stretched out. His balls and cock had been pushed through a small steel ring, looking as though it was strangling him, but making his long dong look as taut as drum skin.
Carrie was naked, on her knees, and spanking his very erect shaft with an open hand. The purple head and bright red shaft of the man's penis looked as though Carrie had been teasing him like this for quite a while. On top of Billy's chest was Liv; her broad bottom straddled his face. Carrie called out, "That's it. Eat her Daddy's cum. Clean her up!" I could hear his muffled slurps from beneath Liv's body. My daughter rocked her hips back and forth over the young man's face, her own face illustrating the excitement his tongue offered her. Liv's fingers spread her labia, offering access to her sensitive clit, and soon Liv struggled through yet another orgasm.
I had felt cheated when Liv left so abruptly after our lovemaking, as Ann always achieved orgasm when we had sex. I wasn't able to offer that to Liv, in the moment. Seeing the ecstasy on Liv's face from Billy's oral skills gave me some relief.
Carrie remained in total control, as usual, instructing them through various sexual acts. As much as I found it all very titillating, I was exhausted and decided to let them finish without my audience. Before I closed down the laptop, I verified that it was recording the scene. This would become masturbatory fodder for a very long time.