Synopsis: This is the third entry in a series that chronicles the real life of a true sub and fucktoy. She is controlled by her Master to be but an object, body, toy and holes for men to use. This is not fiction or fantasy. The people, activities and events are all true, but some names, locations and identifying details have been changed to protect the privacy of the people involved.
To fully understand and appreciate things and how she got to where she is now, it is recommended that you readThe Backstory.
There are many who have used her once or a couple of times, but these, and the ones chosen as regulars because of their availability, and how they view and treat her.
The Boys
First, let me be clear that "The Boys" is just a name. They are and always have been 18 years of age or older, and considered of legal age. It's just a label we attached to them because they are younger and to differentiate them from those who are older.
That said, they are a group of 3 friends who live near the fucktoy and often hang out in an area out back of where she lives. Sometimes they play basketball or skateboard and other times just kill time. Initially, she kept it and that she could see them from her 2ndfloor bedroom window to herself, but one day shared it with her Master.
For awhile, their presence was just an occasional topic of conversation, but, over time, it tuned more towards the prospect of them using her. She eventually confessed her attraction to the idea -- partly because they were younger than her, but also that there were 3 of them that could use her together.
One evening, she was instructed to make herself seen from the window and she was more than happy to obey. She was told to stand naked at the window with the room lights on and the blinds raised so her body was on display, but face concealed. That meant they could see her if they looked, but she wouldn't know if they were --- which was both risky and exciting for her.
They quickly noticed and called out to her. While that made her nervous, she conveyed to her Master how she liked that kind of attention from them. For the first couple nights, she would just let them enjoy seeing her naked body for a little while, but was told to raise the window so she could better hear what they said, as well as talk with them.
They commented on her body and how much they enjoyed her shows. Given she is meant to please all guys, she was told to let them watch as she fingered her pussy. Slowly, seductively, her fingers would glide over her pussy, parting her wet lips and slipping in and out of her fuckhole. That not only drew them closer to right under her window, but elicited catcalls.
The more she did, the more they wanted to see. One night, the slut was instructed to stick her suction dildo on the window, face away and back over it. Their eyes fixated on her as she rode the cock for their enjoyment. Not surprisingly, they liked watching it disappear deep inside her, only for her to let it slide out before fucking herself again. As she did, their words got ruder, cruder, including that she was a slut.
The longer she rode her dildo, the faster and deeper it went. She would vary her speed, her grinding, showing them just how much she liked not just the feeling, but showing them how she should be used. But the show ended, leaving them wanting more and her feeling horny and slutty.
The next couple of nights, the boys became a fixture outside, hoping for another show. And each time, she did not disappoint, picking up where she'd left off the previous night. While she would fuck herself, they watched and said how they wanted to do the same to her. And, in her mind, she wanted the same thing.
During her 3rdshow, she was instructed to tell them they could use her the same way, if they wanted. Excited, but still careful, they asked what she meant. Without hesitation, she said to come to her front door and she would let them in to fuck her. They quickly vanished and were knocking on her door moments later. Still stripped naked except for her fuck me heels, she let them in.
Their eyes were big as they feasted on an up-close view of her body, inspecting her from her tits down to her now soaked pussy. She quickly explained that she was owned and controlled, and ordered by her Master to do everything she had at the window for them to see. They were also told that while she was used, she would be texting with her Master, to keep him updated.
They had no issues with that, so she went on to explain that she was just a fucktoy and meant to be used as nothing more. That they could use her however they wanted because it is what she is good for. And with that, she asked where they wanted to put her so they could fuck her.
They took little time deciding they wanted her on all fours. One after another, they took turns mounting and fucking her. Having been teased like they were, they did not last all that long, but, even so, she knew she pleased them. After each had their turn, she told them they could use her more, if they wished.
They asked what she meant and she explained that they could use her pussy again or her mouth/throat. Because of their age, they pretty much stayed hard and were ready for more as soon as the invitation escaped her lips. They quickly decided they wanted to fill her mouth with their cocks and she relayed that to her Master.
She was instructed to drop to her knees and, alternately, suck their cocks, going from one to the next, then the next. That she was to continue doing so until they were all on edge and ready to cum. When they were, she was to finish off one, then quickly move to the next and then the last until they had all fed her their loads in quick succession.
Being a good and trained slut, she knew what to do and, when it was time, obediently drained each cock, savoring and not spilling a drop. After she had, they said they needed to go, so she thanked them for using her and said she would tell her Master and he would decide if they could use her again. Before they left, she collected a number she could text if he wanted them to use her more.
And that's how it all began with the boys.
They were invited back frequently to use her. Sometimes by being texted, others just because she would tell her Master they were outside. Soon, she was, for lack of better words, their "training" slut. For them to learn how to properly use a fucktoy for their pleasure and not worry about her. They almost always came over together, meaning she would be used by three of them at least two times each.
Over time, they realized she was serious and they really could be as hard on her and her holes as they wanted. They learned they didn't have to be nice or careful and stopped seeing her as a person and, instead, just a slut - a fucktoy -- with holes to please them.
Soon, they were regularly fucking her, be it bent over a table, the couch arm or, their favorite, on all fours. They usually only used her pussy, but sometimes wanted and enjoyed throating her, too. Their routine was to place her where and how they wanted, and then all three would use her in the same position. They would do the same when they used her a 2ndor 3rdtime. The more they used her, the more their confidence and desire to be rougher grew. No matter if it was her pussy or mouth, they grew to where they were slamming their cocks as deep and hard into her as they could.
Another appeal the boys provide relates to the slut's need to be objectified and her body displayed through clothing control. Each time they come over, the boys are excited to see how she is dressed.
Sometimes, she is presented in just a shelf bra so her tits are lifted and nipples left exposed, the tiniest of thongs that just barely concealing her waiting pussy, and stockings that are either sheer or fishnet. High fuck-me heels are a given and she has many from which to choose, but the ones worn most often are black 5" stilettos with ankle straps.
But often, she is dressed as a role or theme. Those have included a domestic servant (French maid), the stereotypical slutty schoolgirl who deserved whatever she gets, a cheerleader, and even once wearing just a wet t-shirt to cover her tits that she'd oiled up to glisten. And, of course, other dresses or top/skirt combinations that leave more of her body showing than concealed.
On days when she is dressed for shopping, she stays in the same clothes, telling them it is how she was sent out. To further degrade her and ready the boys, she tells them of the guys who leered at and followed her. As she does, she models her outfit, showing them how she leaned forward and bent over while shopping to expose even more of her body.
The boys really like the show-and-tell. Sometimes, they want her strip for them, but other times they just lift her too-short skirt and fuck her while it is still on. Eventually and always, she ends up completely naked to please them with her body, while they used her more.
And, boys being boys, they told their friends about her and how they want to come see and use her, too. But that's for another time, another entry.

- - - - - - - -

Up Next: Tales of the Fucktoy being used.