Chapter 10: Starts with a Bang
The four dorm mates sat on one side of the conference table. Across from them sat Vaasanaa, the woman who'd called Kelly, and two of her colleagues. The women looked like they could be her older sisters, or maybe a bit older. But all South Asian women looked younger than they actually were to Kelly. Their skin was enviably good. Vaasanaa was a tall, severe-looking and beautiful woman. She introduced her colleagues. "This is Ratidaa, head of our engineering department." The engineer was a petite woman, delicately pretty behind large high power glasses. She scowled at Kelly and ignored the others. "This is Lataa, head of our customer service. She's the one you'll be working most closely with. That is, if you choose to work with us." Lataa was a curvy woman. She looked much friendlier than the other two. Kelly was happy about that. "In case you're wondering," said Vaasanaa. "The three of us founded Sirius Cybernetics together right out of college, the University of Delhi."
Becky Ann asked, "Is it true you used Scott, you know Kelly's boyfriend Scott, as a model for... you know... the DEVICE?"
"You mean Scott Miller?" asked Vaasanaa. Then, looking at Kelly, "Scott is your boyfriend? But..."
"Yes, he is," Ratidaa growled. "Let's move on."
"That's so cool!" said Becky Ann. Since she was on a roll, she said, "The real thing feels much better. I shouldn't have said that. I meant, in your hand, I mean my hand. I'll shut up now."
"You too?" Ratidaa scowled at Becky Ann. "The man slut."
"To be fair, we all touched it," said Julie. Beth hid her face in her hands, mortified.
"That's right," said Kelly. "I came back to my dorm room, and these three skanks had a hold of my boyfriend's dick. I believe I can call you all, in good conscience, skanks for that. Anyways, he got a talking to, you'd better believe."
"You broke up with him?" Ratidaa asked hopefully.
"No, he's a charmer," said Kelly. Ratidaa returned to her scowl.
"Kelly told us we'd each get one, you know, of the devices, just for coming to talk," said Beth.
"Uh, well, okay," Vaasanaa smiled. She got three Vibro-Thrusts out of a cabinet in the conference room's credenza. She slid them across the conference table to the girls. The three girls looked at the boxes like new love was right on the horizon.
"To be in our instructional video," said Lataa, "we'd like to offer you each two thousand dollars."
"I'm in!" said Becky Ann, grinning at her Vibro-Thrust all new in its box.
"Wait, ladies," said Kelly. "Let a professional handle this. I don't want you making the same mistakes I did." She asked Lataa, "No faces or other distinguishing features will appear in the video, correct?"
"None of you have any distinctive birthmarks or tattoos?" asked Lataa. The girls all shook their heads. "Then no, you'll all be completely anonymous, I assure you."
"It's anonymous and pays two thousand dollars? I'm in!" Julie grinned.
"It would really be ideal to have all four of you," said Lataa.
The three girls looked expectantly at Beth. "Well... I suppose to do the Lord's work I must be with sinners rather than saints. I'll do it."
"When can we start?" asked Becky Ann, dollar signs in her eyes.
"We could start shooting right now, if you all have time," said Lataa. "Give us an hour to set up the studio."
Kelly looked at her cohort, who were all nodding. "Okay, let's start right now if you feed us dinner," Kelly said.
"You've got a deal," said Lataa.
What followed were several afternoons of shooting that extended into the late evenings, sometimes after midnight. Although most days each of the four girls would get scenes, there was a lot of waiting in between. A lot of waiting. The girls brought homework to the shoots to stay busy. The girls had to remain nude on the set in case they were needed for a scene. Luckily the set was kept nice and warm.
It was an environment filled with distractions. There was one of the four of them orgasming her heart out on a Vibro-Thrust. There was one cameraman and one camerawoman. There were producers, script people, and who-knows-whatsis people all milling around while these orgasms were happening. Many of these people, mostly men, but some women, were openly masturbating.
Beth asked Lataa, "All these people touching themselves, it's unseemly. Is it necessary?"
Lataa stopped masturbating herself for a moment to explain. "This is an adult film crew. We need them because of their expertise in shooting scenes like these. We need them to capture the energy and allure of the device. You and your friends are doing great. Trust me, this is the way things are done. It's critical that we maintain an atmosphere of horniness and open sexual abandon."
Beth approached Kelly about it. "What is going on here?"
Kelly confirmed, "Oh yeah, she's absolutely right. While Martin was filming Scott and me, he jerked off. When he finished, he nearly hit me with his stuff. I was distracted from that, you can imagine. I didn't know whether it was just him, but I guess it's practically everyone behind the scenes. Looks like the sound girl isn't playing with herself."
"That's one sane person, at least," said Beth.
Milling around all these crewpeople was a young hardworking lass of Indian extraction who always had a smile for everyone. She brought coffee, donuts, and other goodies. But mostly, she sucked the dicks or licked the pussies of anyone who wanted it, just like that. Lataa said she was the "fluffer," another staple of an adult video set. Lataa explained, "You ladies never need it. But say one of you needs to shoot a scene and is not very excited about it. Say it's the end of a long night of shooting. It's Utsaah's job to get you in the mood and keep you in the mood. We need her here. Because guaranteed, if we hadn't hired her for this, very bad karma. One of you girls would need her, and everything would grind to a halt."
One night, Beth was particularly restless. She'd done all her homework and crosswords besides. The tall slender ebony bible-thumper hadn't got a turn on the Vibro-Thrust all day. She'd watched countless men of all shapes and sizes touch themselves. When they finished they'd grunt and ejaculate into their used coffee cup or some other convenient receptacle. Sometimes Utsaah would be there to help and swallow. All this observation of horniness and orgasming with no release herself was driving Beth up the wall.
Beth wandered off to use the restroom, and Kelly kept an eye on her. The restrooms were in a dark corner of the set. Before Beth got there, Utsaah intercepted her. Kelly knew what Utsaah was asking her. Did she need anything, anything at all? There was a low couch there in the semi-darkness. Utsaah led Beth over to the couch and pushed her into a sitting position. Utsaah then fell gracefully to her haunches, grabbed both Beth's legs, and snacked on Beth's vulva.
Beth immediately clapped both hands over her mouth to stifle a cry. Within a minute, she was buried in the couch and shaking like an epileptic under Utsaah's expert ministrations. Kelly supposed it made sense they would hire an expert lesbian to help with the shoot. Beth sure seemed to be having some nasty, nasty fun over there. Kelly looked back to her math homework. She wanted to give her friend a bit of privacy in which to handle her restlessness.
By Thursday evening, Lataa had plenty of footage. Each of the girls was paid her two thousand dollars with a $200 bonus. They could wrap the shoot early because the four girls had been so reliably excitable and orgasmic.
This was a relief to Kelly. She could put twenty-two hundred dollars into her dwindling bank account. And she didn't have to reschedule her date with Scott and perhaps get unwelcome questions.
On Friday night, Scott curled around Kelly on his couch. They had glasses of red wine. "I'm not old enough to drink this," Kelly protested.
"Poppycock," said Scott. "All over Europe, little kids drink wine with dinner all the time. It's considered good for the digestion."
"Well... okay, I guess... if it's European," Kelly said. Then, "Bleh! This tastes like grape juice and vinegar had a baby that shat in my mouth!"
The front door opened and Kelly saw the scowling engineering lady, Ratidaa, stroll into Scott's house. "What are you doing here?!" Kelly accused. The dogs ran to Ratidaa excitedly, tails wagging, all excited, the traitors.
"You!" Ratidaa growled at Kelly. "I'm here to play with the dogs as we agreed."
"Uh... could there be a more convenient time?" asked Scott.
Ratidaa made an abrupt left down the basement stairs, followed by the dogs. The door slammed shut behind them.
"Maybe we should go out to dinner," said Scott.
"Why does she have a key to your house?" Kelly demanded.
"She's my ex-girlfriend. We broke up months ago. But the dogs like her, and I needed someone to take care of them. I had to go away for a few weeks for a shoot. So it has been a convenient arrangement. Kind of uncomfortable. It's like shared custody of kids, I suppose. I'll talk to her and get my key back from her. I'm sorry about this."
From down the basement stairs and through the door, Ratidaa yelled "Bonker! Bad dog! No! Wait! Oh Bonker! Oh!"
"Is she okay down there?" Kelly asked.
"She's fine," said Scott abruptly. "Let's go to dinner," Scott repeated, fairly dragging Kelly out of the house. She supposed it was reasonable for him to want to get away from his crazy ex-girlfriend even though she appeared to be in some distress.
When they got back to the house, it was dark. The dogs greeted them lazily at the door, then went to the living room floor to fall asleep. Ratidaa had washed and put away the dishes, which was kind of creepy. At least she wasn't there anymore. Scott carried Kelly to the bedroom and shut the door.
The next day, Kelly got a call from Anna, the old lesbian from student services. "I've heard a disturbing report about one of your rapists, the one they call Scott. He was seen in the vicinity of your dorm," Anna cautioned her.
"I call him Scott, too. Scott is not a rapist," said Kelly. Nobody had better mess with him for messing with her. "Instead, I am a whore." It was getting easier to say. "Scott is also a whore. We are whores together." Kelly giggled, "We're a cohort."
"Kelly, I need to see you in my office immediately. I have an urgent matter to discuss with you," Anna said.
"Okay," said Kelly. "See you in fifteen minutes." She glanced over at herself in the mirror. "Make that an hour."
"Very well, but please hurry," said Anna and hung up.
Kelly showed up at Anna's office in a slinky black dress Scott had bought her for adult film parties. She had showered, because she'd heard somewhere that lesbians like their women very clean. No makeup, because again, she'd heard a rumor. That's right, she was fishing for another easy grand. By the way Anna had slobbered for her last time, all she would need to do is breathe on her a little. Maybe allow Anna to touch her feet or some weird lesbian shit. These university staff folks seemed to be up for it, and she needed the money.
Unless she wanted to start asking Scott for money, which she decidedly didn't. She wanted to be able to make a clean break from Scott just as soon as she could come to her senses. When he was not with her, she became more realistic about the long term cost of being with him. It meant never seeing her parents again. It meant never seeing any of her friends from back home. It meant a whole host of new friends who wanted to stick a finger up her butt. Or stick, God forbid, other appendages. Those costs.
"Hello, Kelly!" said Anna, ushering her into her office and locking the door. "My, aren't you looking pretty, I would say beautiful!" Anna ushered her to a chair in front of her desk. The tall elegant lesbian eye-raped her once nice and hard on the way. Facing her and making significant eye contact, Anna made her way around her desk and sat in her desk chair.
Anna gathered herself and gave Kelly a look of concern. "It has come to my attention that Dean Hutcherson may have been inappropriate with some students. Would you know anything about that?"
"Biff?" said Kelly, jumping to her feet and putting her palms on Anna's desk. "Not Biff! Biff is a saint!"
"Kelly, please sit down," said Anna. Reluctantly, she sat. "So you HAVE met with him privately," Anna concluded.
"Not intentionally," said Kelly. "He stayed late just to meet with me. I was desperate and urgently needed help. It's true that nobody else was around then, but that's incidental. I didn't have enough money to buy breakfast the next morning, Ms... uh... Lemure. This wasn't some kind of fake emergency."
"Settle down, Kelly," Anna said, giving her another healthy eye sweep above and below. "Nobody accused you of faking anything."
"I should hope not," Kelly said firmly.
"What exactly was your interaction with Dean Hutcherson?" asked Anna. "Try to be as specific as possible."
"Well, I told him about the no breakfast thing. He just signed a paper and gave me a dining contract for free," said Kelly. "Like I said, he's a saint."
"And was that the entire interaction?" asked Anna.
"Heck no," said Kelly. "I told him I needed money for incidentals. He's such an old-timey fellow he thought I meant perfume. Us women know that like my mom used to say 'not just paper for the tooter, but paper for the cooter'."
"Is that what you actually said?" asked Anna in horror.
"Heck no, that's just between us girls. I believe I said 'feminine products'. Anyways, he proceeded to give me sage advice on how I might find temporary employment that suited both my time constraints and my strengths as an employee. I found this advice very helpful. He even set me up with some work."
"What exactly did this work entail?" Anna asked suspiciously.
"Math tutoring," said Kelly. But she thought, if by 'math' you meant 'sex' and by 'tutoring' you meant 'teasing', smiling innocently.
"Well, that was very good of him," Anna sighed.
"I thought so," said Kelly, scooting down in her chair and letting her knees fall to either side. Now Anna could get a good look at her panties. Sure enough, the old lesbian's eyes locked helplessly on target.
"You're such a delightful girl, Kelly." Anna was trying not to drool.
Kelly wiggled her legs around, flashing her panties even more. "We should play a game or something now," said Kelly. "I walked all the way over here."
"Okay," said Anna. "You need money, right?"
"Sure," said Kelly happily. "Absolutely I do."
"We'll play 'The Price Is Right'," said Anna. "I'll guess the price of your possessions there. If I'm close, say within twenty percent, you have to hand them over temporarily. And you get the money I estimated regardless. How about it?"
"Sounds great!" said Kelly.
"I bet you paid around two-fifty for that dress," said Anna.
"You're right!" confirmed Kelly, "Two seventy!"
"Great, here's the money." Anna counted five fifties out on her desk. "Try to keep it down. Now, give me the dress."
"You're not kidding," said Kelly, scootching out of her dress. "You'll give it back though, right?"
"Certainly," said Anna. "How would you be able to leave, otherwise?"
"Okay, good," said Kelly, handing Anna her dress. Anna flipped it out straight and hung it over a chair. Kelly was left wearing panties and flats.
"Your flats look new as well. I bet they were about a hundred?" asked Anna.
"You'd bet right," said Kelly. Anna counted out two more fifties onto her desk. Kelly handed over her shoes.
"Your panties look like they came in a set," said Anna. "Four dollars?"
"You're right," said Kelly. "but I think I should charge a markup."
"Why don't we make it an even fifty?" said Anna, laying out another fifty.
"More than fair," said Kelly, climbing out of her panties and handing them over. She stood there naked. Anna balled up the offered panties, put them to her nose, and with eyes closed, huffed in their scent. She'd just showered and put them on before leaving the dorm. But there was probably some of her scent on them for the old perv. "I should have left my old ones on."
"Next time, feel free to do so," said Anna, still whiffing the panties. Perhaps this could turn into a regular gig, thought Kelly. Wednesday is panty huffing night at the main administration building.
"Now your vulva, you got for free, if I'm not mistaken," said Anna, smiling at Kelly. "But you should get a markup as before, if you want."
"I already have four hundred bucks," said Kelly. "And I want to grow my market share. You can have it at list price."
The elegant tall woman with silver hair and the young petite blonde smiled at each other. Anna said, "Sit back on your chair then, young lady." Kelly sat down, scooted her ass forward, and let her knees fall to either side. Anna prowled around her desk and crouched between her legs dexterously, a hunting tigress. The worshipful lesbian slid her arms underneath Kelly's legs and grabbed her haunches firmly.
The way Anna lovingly teased Kelly's entire clitoral area with tongue and lips, it was reverent. It was ardent. It was intensely sexual at a thrilling but not shrill pitch. In a word, it was perfect. Kelly clapped both hands to her mouth before she bawled out her orgasm and alerted the whole building. Now she knew how Beth had felt that day.
Kelly was relaxed and glowing from her orgasm. Anna rose and went to get something out of her desk drawer. It was a ball gag. "I think you're going to need this," she said. "Just let go of my hair when you can't take any more orgasms, and I'll pause for a few minutes. Perhaps you can reciprocate then if you'd like."
The next morning, Kelly awakened relaxed and perfect. Her ferocious ninety minute back-and-forth with Anna yesterday evening had done wonders for her clarity of mind as well as her pocketbook. Her problem was clear to her. She would have to deal with Scott having sex with all kinds of women. Hungry women. Unscrupulous women. Women who might try to cut her out of Scott's life. Women she hated. Women he hated. It was a job. How would she ever get used to this? She concluded that she would need practice. Progressive steps. She had the perfect steps in mind.
At breakfast with Scott later that morning at her favorite waffle joint, she said, "Honey, I need to get used to you fucking other people."
"Yes," said Scott.
"I don't want to jump into the deep end of watching you with people I despise," said Kelly.
"Uh-huh," said Scott, reading his article.
"That's why I want you to fuck my dorm friends," concluded Kelly.
"Huh?" said Scott, slamming down the sports section.
"I know for certain they want to. And they're good people. The best. They deserve your fucking more than anyone."
(To be continued)