Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.
*****
Christmas Eve finds twin sisters Stacey and Suzie huddled around a roaring open fire with their partners, Josh and Anna. Outside soft snow continues to fall, the worse of the storm has past, the wind has died down. Looking through the windows with the way the porch lights highlights the drifts of snow, it looks like a perfect Christmas scene.
Six months has past since that heady night at the beach, neither Stacey or Suzie have spoken openly to each other about what happened. They had agreed the very next morning that it was a game that crossed a boundary too far and they wouldn't mention it again. But secretly both girls had played the night over and over in their heads often wondered how the other felt about it all.
There had been moments Suzie had been sure Anna knew the truth and so many times she had wanted to confess but how do you even begin to do that. Every time Anna had mentioned the night Suzie had tried to change the subject, she was too worried Anna would see right through her and worse, she couldn't stop thinking about Josh.
Late at night she would replay the events of that night, the feel of Josh's body on hers, the firmness and strength compared to Anna. She did try to stop comparing them, but her mind would just wander back to the way it felt to kiss him and the way he touched her. Making out with him had been every opposite to being with Anna, let alone actually fucking and not just because of the obvious reasons.
Every time she replayed the way he talked, the feel that he had full control, she became more and more turned on. She would remember the feel of his cock in her hand, the hardness, yet softness too and so warm to the touch. The way her hand had slid up and down his shaft and his moans in her ear as he became harder and harder. His own exploration of Suzie's body had been clumsy and hurried, he hadn't teased her first, just shoved his fingers deep in her cunt and started to roughly finger fuck her, but she had loved it, the complete difference. By the time he finally pushed his cock in her pussy she was so turned on and wet that there was nothing more she wanted than to be fucked hard. Josh had surprised her, his fingering had seemed unsure, but the way he had fucked her was confident, she couldn't help but buck her hips and she had came so hard.
Meanwhile Stacey was having a similar problem, only for her it was the panic in her that she had felt no jealous watching Josh with someone else. She knew she loved him, was still very attracted to him in all ways but was he really the one and then there was Anna, sweet, soft and like Suzie with Josh, she couldn't stop thinking of her.
"Grabbing a beer, anyone want one?"
All three girls replied at the same time that they did and so Josh headed off to the kitchen to get the drinks.
"You know, he's alright for a guy really," says Anna.
"Anna!" exclaimed Stacey.
"What?"
"You sound such a lesbian when you talk like that."
"Well duh Stace!"
Suzie lightly punches her girlfriend's arm, "behave you!"
Exaggerating the strength of Suzie's punch and faking pain Anna topples over and rolls around on the rug. Both Suzie and Stacey burst out laughing.
"Wimp!"
"OMG! That's domestic abuse..."
"In your dreams girlie," laughs Suzie.
"A girl can dream, right!"
Stacey fakes a shocked look and raises her hand to her mouth, "OMG! Please no details, keep your kinky love life to yourselves."
"Kinky love life?" Giggles Suzie.
"She means sex, our kinky sex life baby!"
"I know what she means, I'm wondering where she gets an idea like that about us?"
All three girls look at each other, Stacey blushes bright red and Suzie and Anna both burst into hysterical laughter. They don't mention it but all are referring to time Stacey walked in them in the shower, not that there was anything even slightly kinky about it. But both girls now looked at Anna and thought to themselves, if only Anna knew the half of it, where that innocent act had escalated to and the events that had unfolded partly because of it.
"What did I miss now, what's so funny?" Josh asks as he walks back into the room to see all three girls rolling around laughing.
"Nothing!" All three reply at the same time, taking the beers handed to them.
"You know its not easy being the only guy around here sometimes."
"Aww... Is poor Joshie feeling left out?" Giggles Anna.
Pouting his lips Josh sighs deeply, "ye...ssss!" He sniffs and stutters his words to emphasize he is upset.
Anna crawls over to him on her hands and knees, reaches up taking his hand in hers and pulls him to the floor. Wrapping her arms around him, she gives him a big bear hug.
"There, there Joshie, it's OK," she says sarcastically as she ruffles his hair. "You'll always be one of the girls to us!"
"Jeez Anna, thanks."
"Anytime sweetie," she replies and plants a kiss on the top of his head.
"OMG! You two get a room already," giggles Stacey.
"Hmm..."
"Josh!" Both Stacey and Suzie cried at the same time.
"What! We'd let you watch, wouldn't we Anna?"
Anna laughs and hugs Josh tighter, looking across at Suzie she winks, "Sure I'm game."
Suzie in return shakes her head and moves across to Stacey, laying down and resting her head on her lap. Stacey runs her fingers through her sisters hair and smiles down at her.
The next couple of hours are filled by more drinking, lots of chatter and laughter. At one point the girls send Josh outside to get more wood for the fire, so he can prove he's a big strong man. He in return scooped up snow, making snowballs and bombarded the girls as they giggled from the porch, making them scream and run back inside. Now once again they were all settled in front of the fire.
The beer was swapped for spirits, shots and basically any weird mixture of drink they can come up with between themselves.
"What time are your parents due back?" Asks Josh.
"Duhhhh..." Replies Stacey, "They aren't, they are staying over at our Aunt and Uncles, we are joining them tomorrow, remember!"
"Oh, it that the famous Aunt Maud?" Asks Anna.
"Famous Aunt Maud?"
"Yeah, has Stace never told you, how these two used to make her life hell by pretending to be each other?"
"Seriously, you two used to do that?"
Stacey and Suzie look at each other and raise their eyebrows in a knowing way.
"We have been known to have our moments, what is the fun in being identical twins if you don't use it now and then to your advantage," replies Stacey.
"Hmm..."
"Hmmm! What does that mean Josh?" Cries Suzie.
"It means, that's a hot idea," replies Anna as she winks at Josh, as if to encourage him to say more.
Stacey and Suzie stare at them in shock and surprise, unsure if they possibly already know, are just teasing or are actually being serious.
"You think they have ever swapped with us?"
"More to the point, do you think we would ever know?"
Suzie spits her drink across the room, coughing uncontrollably. Both Anna and Josh move to slap her on the back, laughing.
"what if we had?" Asks Stacey quietly.
"Stacey!" Cries Suzie with a warning look.
"OK, enough of this rubbish, lets play a game... spin the bottle anyone?"
All at once the girls groaned and shake there heads.
"OK, OK, no spin the bottle then, spoil sports," Josh laughs.
Finally they release Josh and settle back down, Josh stokes the fire up and Suzie picks up the TV remote to look for a movie for them to watch. Anna stands up and moves out to the kitchen with the intent to make a new cocktail out of what alcohol is left, Stacey seeing her leave the room jumps up to follow.
She stands leaning against the door frame watching Anna move around the kitchen, she has to admit she has come to really admire her beauty. She has a natural beauty, that really didn't require bucket loads of make up and where once upon a time Stacey had mistaken it as some lesbian rebellion against making an effort, now she understood it. Anna was happy with her skin and it made Stacey envious.
Once more Stacey is back on the beach with Anna in her mind, she can feel her soft lips on hers. The way her tongue gently teased, explored and opened her up, it was the best kiss she could ever remember. The touch of Anna's hands as they slipped up her inner thigh, such a light touch and when she had pulled Stacey on top of her and slid her top over her head, she had wanted to feel more and more of her. When her fingers pushed deep inside her she had never felt herself get so wet before, it was like they were magic, hitting every spot inside her, driving wild. Then when Anna had taken her hand and placed it under her own skirt, the feel of her wetness and the hardness of her clit as she rubbed it was so good, she longed to feel her again, explore her more. Even now she could feel herself becoming wet and turned on.
Anna turns and sees Stacey standing there, she smiles and hands her a glass of some crazy mixture. Stacey stiffs the contents of the glass suspiciously before raising her glass towards Anna and downing the contents.
"Sip it!" Anna almost screams at her, "it's basically pure alcohol."
But its too late and as soon as the alcohol hits the back of Stacey's throat she starts to cough and splutter. Anna races across the room, taking the glass from Stacey's hand and through tears of laughter, rubs her back as she continues to cough.
"A bit strong huh?"
"No..." Cough, cough, "shit.." Stacey manages to just reply.
"I'm sorry I couldn't resist, I saw you looking at me and I just couldn't help it."
"Help what?"
"I'm not even sure.. It's just well..."
Stacey finally manages to stop her coughing fit and walks over to the sink to get a glass of water, looking at the array of bottles on the table.
"What! So you fancied trying to try and kill me?" Laughs Stacey.
They had got through some alcohol and for sure they were all pretty drunk by now that was for sure. Anna approaches Stacey and taking a piece of kitchen towel off the roll hands it to her.
"No nothing like that..."
"I'm glad to hear it, what the hell is in that and can we get a double of it for the others?"
"We could do that," giggles Anna, turning back to the counter to continue mixing, "We just need to add something to take the bite out of it."
"Bite? If they drink this they will be comatose for the rest of the night."
As the words left her lips she looked at Anna who just winked and giggled. Stacey knew Anna was as drunk as she was, but she couldn't help but notice a look in her eyes and she felt her pussy tingle a little bit more.
The girls continue to mix up yet more concoctions, giggling together as they do. As Stacey goes to grab a bottle and knocks it flying, both try to catch it and miss. Instead they grab each others hand, both stop and look at each other, neither moves their hand away. Anna looks down at Stacey's perfectly manicured nails, so unlike Suzie's, she can't help but wonder how good they would feel grazing down her back. Then automatically shakes the idea from her head, this was madness, it's the drink, but the way Stacey has been looking at her lately, she felt something building. She looks up into Stacey's eye, she does look exactly like Suzie that is true but there are small differences and she knows she would be always able to tell them apart, she knows her own girlfriend inside and out.
"Penny for them?" Asks Stacey, stealing the line Anna used that night at the Arnold's party.
"I was just thinking in answer to Josh's earlier question, I would know if you two ever swapped on us," Anna replied moving her hand away.
"Oh and what makes you so sure of that?"
"There are very subtle differences between you, but they are there if look close enough."
"And have you been looking?" Stacey asked teasingly, moving closer to Anna and taking her hand again.
"Not like that no!"
"But what if I told you we have swapped?"
Anna laughed out loud once more pulling her hand free, "I do know my girlfriend, I would know..."
"Are you sure Anna?" Stacey cut in.
"Yes!"
"Really?" Asked Stacey moving closer again, "Are you one hundred percent sure I'm not Suzie?"
"Yes I'm sure."
"How can you be so sure?"
"Simple, Suzie never wears nail polish," Anna replied almost smugly.
Stacey placed her hands on Anna's shoulders and looked at her perfectly manicured nails, of course she had a good point but Stacey wasn't going to give up just yet.
"Anyone can paint their nails Anna!"
Anna felt her body reacting to Stacey's touch and her breathing quickening, she slowly bit her bottom lip to try and recompose herself. This was crazy, she knew this was Stacey, she knew Suzie was in the lounge room with Josh and could walk in at any minute, but strangely she was enjoying this tease.
"Are you really sure I'm Stacey?"
"Yes Stacey I am..."
"I don't think you are at all Anna... I think you are seriously questioning yourself right now," Stacey giggled.
"Stop this!" Replied Anna, attempting to push Stacey away.
Stacey held her ground and pushed Anna back against the kitchen unit, looking deeply into her eyes and smiled as innocently as she could muster.
"I'm Suzie, want me to prove it Anna?"
"Don't be silly Stacey, like I said I know my girlfriend too well."
"Of course you do Anna," replied Stacey as she moved in and kissed Anna.
As she feels Stacey's lips on hers, Anna's mind went wild with confusion, she knew this was Stacey, she was so sure but as she felt herself respond to the kiss her mind began to tell her this kiss felt familiar.
"Still so sure?" Asks Stacey pulling back from their kiss and looking deep into Anna's eyes.
"No!" Anna quietly admits, looking down, her mind racing with doubts.
Stacey gently slips her fingertip under Anna's chin and raises her head back up, making her look at her again.
"Why suddenly so unsure?"
"Because..."
"Because you want to be unsure?" Stacey again cuts in before Anna can finish her sentence.
"Maybe," replies Anna in all but a whisper.
Once more Stacey moves in to kiss Anna, only this time its Anna that closes the gap and kisses Stacey. Stacey responds and the kiss quickly becomes more passionate, as their hands begin to move over the others body.
Anna's mind is racing, her head screams to pull back, but her body is melting into Stacey's touch, she is enjoying the soft way Stacey is moving her fingertips up and down her back. Every time they reach the top of her ass Stacey pauses and hesitates before moving back upwards. Finally as Stacey's fingers reach the bottom of her spine again, she can't help herself and thrusts her hips forwards and presses her mound against Stacey's.
Both girls moan loudly and then kiss deeper, as if to muffle the sound. Anna slowly pushes Stacey backwards, turning her so she is now leaning against the kitchen unit. Moving a few bottles out of the way, she slips her hands under Stacey's arms and together they lift and jump her up onto the unit top.
"This is wrong," whispers Anna, looking into Stacey's eyes.
"Then stop!" Replies Stacey as she reaches up and wraps her arms around Anna's neck, pulling her to her.
"I can't..."
Anna kisses Stacey hard, forcing her tongue between her lips. Stacey in return parts her lips and sucks on the tip of Anna's tongue. Their tongues meet, twisting and turning, as the kiss between them intensifies.
"I should... We should stop!" Anna suddenly cries pulling back.
"Why?"
"You're Stacey.. I love Suzie..."
"I'm Suzie.. You want me to be.. Admit it..."
Anna pulls back, looking seriously at Stacey, who teasing licks her lips, causing Anna to groan inwardly. She should stop, so far its just a kiss, but damn a part of her doesn't want to. She is so like Suzie to look at but so different, even in kissing her Anna is sure she can feel it, or can she, her mind is playing tricks with her, its the drink she is sure. Suddenly she just wants to stop caring. She wants this, Stacey or Suzie, she want her, to feel her, to touch her right now.
"Touch me Anna," Stacey almost begs and that's all Anna needs to hear.
Anna reaches down and forces Stacey's legs apart, grabs her around the hips and pulls her forwards, so her ass is right on the edge of the worktop. Slowly she undoes the button of her jeans, then hesitates waiting for Stacey to stop her, when she doesn't, she starts to unzip them. Pulling them open she can see quite surprisingly, yet not at all surprisingly that she isn't wearing panties. Suzie always wears panties, she can imagine Stacey wouldn't. Pushing Stacey back a little so she has to lean back on her hands, she slides her fingertips into the sides of her jeans and pulls them downwards.
Stacey lifts her ass off the worktop so Anna can slide her jeans down, she can feel her wetness already and the way Anna is looking at her emerging pussy is turning her on even more. She kicks off her trainers so Anna can remove them fully, which she does in one self assured movement. As she straightens back up, their eyes meet, Stacey sees the lust in Anna's and the way she is chewing on her bottom lip.
"Penny for them?" Stacey's teasingly asks once more.
"I just noticed another difference between you and Suzie."
"Oh.. And what could that possibly be?"
Anna leans forwards, kissing Stacey lightly on the lips. She spreads her legs wider and runs her fingers over her pussy, breaking the kiss as she moves to whisper in her ear.
"Your mound is shaved... Your pussy is bare naked."
"Oh and that's a bad thing..." Stacey replied a little panicked.
"No it most definitely isn't a bad thing," Anna replies as she pushes her middle and index finger into Stacey's wet slit, "It's just you said you weren't going to... Which means you either are Stacey or ..."
Stacey lets out a satisfactory moan at the feel of Anna's fingers, she spreads her legs even wider, and leans back harder on her hands.
"Or... I changed my mind?"
"Maybe," Anna half laughed.
"So you still aren't sure?"
"I think you would be better asking do I care any more?" Replied Anna, looking directly into Stacey's eyes once more.
Slowly Anna keeps sliding her fingers through Stacey's wet slit looking into her eyes all the while. In turn Stacey keeps eye contact as she leans her head back slightly, letting another soft moan escape her lips.
"You want to stop?" Asks Stacey, hoping she knows the answer.
"No."
Anna's fingers slide up over Stacey's hardening clit and she leans in to kiss her neck as she starts to rub her. She feels Stacey push her hips forward and start to grind slowly.
"Hmm someone is rather wet down here.."
"Uh huh."
Stacey leans a little further back on the worktop and thrusts her hips forward further to encourage Anna. Fearing she was about to stop Stacey grabs her and holds on tighter, moaning her pleasure softly into Anna's ear. Anna responses by moving her fingertips a little faster, sliding up and down Stacey's now soaking slit. As Anna's fingers reach her clit she can't help but moan out louder and grind against them.
As Anna moves her fingers and slowly places them at Stacey's tight entrance she looks up searching for one last clue to confirm which sister she is with. Stacey is chewing on her bottom lip, her eyes are closed, just as Anna has seen Suzie do so many times. She knows the truth really, yet she also knows she isn't going to stop. As she feels Stacey's arms wrap tightly around her neck again and her hips thrust forwards she dives two fingers deep into her, taking her fully and deeply.
Stacey moans loudly as she feels Anna's fingers enter her, she quickly kisses Anna to try and muffle the sound, who response passionately, returning the kiss and at the same time begins to move her fingers in and out of Stacey's wet pussy.
Anna grabs Stacey by the hips and pulls her off the unit, turning her she pushes her forwards so she bends over the units top. Keeping her hand in the middle of Stacey's back to keep her flat against the top, she kicks at her feet, making her spread her legs.
Stacey can feel her juices running down her inner thighs and she knows this isn't lost on Anna, she can't help but wonder does Suzie get this wet, this turned on by Anna. She can only imagine she must and when she feels Anna's fingers once more enter her pussy she stops caring. All she has on her mind is the building pleasure inside her, she's never felt so turned on, so ready to orgasm, yet not wanting to cum because she didn't want what was happening between them end.
Anna's fingers move expertly inside her, as if she is hitting every possible part of her increasingly needy sex. She can feel the sweat forming between her shoulder blades and the tickle as the first drops begin their run down her spine. No longer being able to kiss Anna to muffle her moans she bites her bottom lip harder and harder as her body begins to jerk and shake.
From Anna's position behind Stacey she can watch the way her body reacts, each jerk, each shock of pleasure. She knows she will orgasm any moment and also that Stacey is fighting it, this is the final proof she isn't Suzie. Suzie is always greedy for that orgasm, always ready to push herself over the edge and cum and Anna is finding Stacey's reaction such a turn on, challenging her, making her work harder to almost break Stacey's will.
As Stacey begins to rock back and meet her thrusting fingers Anna moves over her and presses her own body down on top of Stacey's preventing her from pushing back. She curls her fingers deep inside, pushing down on Stacey's front wall and hears the deep moan as her tips push against her sweet spot. Rubbing her over and over, she feels as Stacey tries desperately to move her hips but Anna's body weight is keeping her pinned to the unit top. Stacey's pussy is dripping juices and when finally she falls over the edge and her orgasm hits Anna feels her whole body jerk uncontrollably and she has to quickly cover the screaming girls mouth with her hand.
Stacey has no idea what just happened but she can see stars or sparks all around her in front of her eyes. Her body is shaking and she feels like she can't breathe, which isn't helped by Anna's hand over her mouth. She knows she must of screamed out, she is half expecting Josh and Suzie to come rushing into the room but they don't and ever so slowly her senses start to return. Anna's body is still pressed on top of hers, her fingers are still deep inside her pulsing pussy and still she is shaking, her legs feel like jelly, as if any second they will give way and she will collapse in a heap on the kitchen floor.
"Fuck!" Stacey finally manages to say, trying to push herself up but Anna's body still prevents her moving.
"Fuck indeed!" Replies Anna, letting out a small laugh and lifting herself off Stacey, letting the girl stand and sensing her wobbling legs.
Stacey grabbed her jeans and began pulling them back as they hear voices approaching, just managing to do them up as Josh come crashing into the room, quickly followed by Suzie.
"What's taking you two so long in here?" Josh asked.
"Wouldn't you like to know!" Teased Anna, grabbing Suzie and pulling her into her arms.
"Everything OK?" Asked Suzie sensing something.
"Stacey was trying to convince me I couldn't tell you two apart again and I was convincing her I could," Anna replied giggling.
"And how did you convince each other?" Asked Josh.
"We fucked of course!" Cried Anna and Stacey at the same time.
"We know that... We watched!" Replied Josh laughing as he pulled Stacey into a tight hug.
"Very funny, as if..." Laughed Stacey, playfully cuffing Josh on the back of the head.
"Who's to say we didn't..." Replied Suzie, turning and kissing Anna deeply.