The rays of sunlight hit my skin and I can feel the warmth. This must be Eden. The smell of wisteria in the air is so sweet. The bird's song is so lovely.
"Oh," Laying here in the tall meadow grass with wildflowers all around me tickling my breast. "Yes," This is My Eden.
I know you are watching me maybe from the tree line. I can tell by the electricity rolling across my skin. It reminds me I am not alone in this personal Eden.
The wind takes my long brown hair off my shoulders and exposes my nipples. All these sensations are bringing me to a very sweet arousal. The wind licks my skin, the grass touches my whole body all at once with many fingers, and the sun teases me with that warmth I want so badly. Most of all, you are somewhere here with me, watching me. "Are you close enough to see as my skin prickles and flushes?"
My mind starts to wander, and my hands roam where yours should be. Across my knees to my inner thighs and out around my hips with both hands. I breathe deeply, sucking in air to quickly, a whimper escapes. "O."
Your imaginary hands find their way up my ribs to cup my breast and the sun hits me. I feel your warm tongue glide across my hard nipple.
A burning feeling between my knees has me thinking of your hard cock right there at my opening waiting to enter me. The chill of my need to feel you against my pussy is so intense. I grab at my hair and thrust my hips in hopes if I could see beyond this blindfold, it would be you.
Your beautiful body wet with sweat, shadows from the temporary light making your skin glow. "Oh yes," your slow panting, I hear every noise you make times 10. Its impossible for me to hide from you how turned on I am. Not only can I feel the wetness dripping past my lips, I can hear my wet pussy with every tiny move I make. I betray myself.
That same heat passes my earlobe and down to those needy pert nipples again. My hands reach out to grab a ghost of you. An unsuccessful attempt, they fall where you want them. My whole body is yours and controlled by you. Fingers trace the outside of my wet pussy, teasing my clit and slowly moving all the way down to my ass. "Mmm." Inching closer to the edge, tugging lightly on my opening. My moans get louder. "Yes, you want me wet, don't you?"
A heat like lightning passes through my entire body. You must be here, right here next to me. I try my hardest to smell you or hear you. Under your total control I fight the need to see but push two wet fingers deep into my pussy. Like in a trance they find their way deep inside over and over pulling me closer. The sound of my pleasure is for you only.
I cry out for you to let me cum. The anticipating climate and your hard cock waiting for me has me rushing to cum. A deep swirling makes the walls of my pussy clench down. I brace for my orgasm, "what is he doing to me?" I must have paused for a second.
"CUM NOW, but DONT STOP!" A thundering boom came immediately from in front of me. "I will see that pussy clench and drip every bit of cum." Then whispered directly into my ear "Good girl, keep those knees bent tight." "You are going to show me everything I want to see, Do you hear me?"
"Yes!" I could do nothing but exactly as you say. The shuddering feeling of you ordering me to cum. The tight pulsation on my fingers is getting faster. I cum so hard the clenching pushes my orgasm to a new level. A fire red-hot heat pulls at my pussy, my body tenses, bends and arches. I keep my feet and ass planted like I'm told. I want you to see me as vulnerable as I am. The wet noises turn into squishing and I begin squirting.
Liquid trickling off my hands, spray running down my thighs, my internal heat builds again. My fingers never stop, I scream "More?"
"YES!" Another immediate response.
I drop my head back and allow the electric fire to burn right through me. My slippery fingers find the most hypersensitive spot and I fight the need to stop my touching. Another gush of hot liquid, I hear his belt. Without a second to grip what has happened to me, past the several orgasms. I am flipped over on my knees, my hands forced behind my head.
With no hesitation, he takes all of my dripping pussy around his hard 9 inch cock.