I have a friend, John, that I have known for a few years. We work for the same company and we always play golf every other weekend, or when we can get the chance. We are both in our forties and although I am divorced and free, John has a family and can't always be around at the weekends. His wife is a nice woman, always very pleasant, and she always offers me a cup of tea when I visit. She is very quiet and attractive but it is John's daughter, Pam, that I have really started to fancy.
Pam has recently turned eighteen and has really blossomed into a lovely looking woman. She is a short, tubby girl with shoulder length brown hair and a nice pair of tits and i would often sneak a quick glance at her curvy body, whenever she walked past.
But I never thought for a second I would ever get more than a just look at her, let alone a chance to play with her perfect curvy body.
It was late at night when I was driving home, alone, after dropping my brother off at his house after a night out. As I was driving, I noticed Pam and her boyfriend, Robert, walking along the path. It was a cold night, so I stopped to ask if they needed a ride home.
Pam was very agitated, and she had also had too much to drink, so I spoke to her and she climbed into the back of my car, with Robert climbing in after her. Before I pulled away I was asked, politely, to drive them both to Robert's house, which was only a couple of miles away.
I pulled up onto Robert's driveway and they both got out of the car. Pam stumbled towards the house as Robert paused and insisted on paying me for the ride. I reluctantly took the money and asked him if I could use his toilet before I went home. He kindly agreed and I followed them into the house.
Once inside I made my way upstairs, after being told where the bathroom was, and I quickly used the toilet. A couple of minutes later I returned downstairs to the front room, to say goodbye, and saw Pam and Robert kissing on the sofa. I paused for a moment, and then Robert looked up at me and then carried on kissing Pam. She had her back to me, so I was not sure if she knew I was there. I kept still, trying not to make a sound as I watched them. Then to my surprise Robert started to lift up Pam's black dress, and she helped him remove it completely.
Then Pam, looked towards me but ignored me and then looked back at her boyfriend. She then shifted her weight to one side as Robert began to remove her knickers and threw them to the floor with her black dress. He then kissed her hard on the lips as he unclipped her bra. I was now in the front room sitting on the chair opposite them.
I almost saw Pam's tits, but as Robert removed her bra she stood up and covered the top half of herself up. I only saw her dark hairy pussy, and chubby white bum, as she fled the room in embarrassment. Robert looked at me, then got up and followed her upstairs. I sat still, for a moment, not knowing what to do.
Then I got up and slowly went upstairs to see what was going on. Even though I crept in the hallway as quietly as I could and stood by the doorway of their bedroom, they both knew that I was there watching them. I looked into the room and I saw Pam and Robert, on the bed, underneath the covers. I could see Robert was fucking her, so I slowly moved forward so that I was standing next to them. I was trying desperately not to breathe too loud, as I stood close, and watched my friend's daughter, giggling, and being fucked in the missionary position. My cock was now rock hard and straining to be released from my trousers. I began to rub myself, and then Robert, who had now obviously shot his load, climbed out from the covers and pulled up his trousers. He looked over to me, as if he wanted me to have sex with his girlfriend. I could not believe that I was going to, possibly get a chance to fuck this lovely chubby young woman. So I moved even closer.
Pam was still covered up by the bed sheet, so I reached over and pulled it down slowly, to reveal her big white tits. Her head was facing away from me, and her brown hair was messed up and covering her, embarrassed, face. I slowly moved my hand down to her tits and began to touch her hard rubbery, nipples. Then in my excitement I began to grope her harder, rubbing each of her tits in turn, as she lay still. Pam then started to giggle as she looked at her boyfriend, so I moved my hand to her head and moved the hair from her face, she then turned her head to look up at me. I kissed her on her lips and at first she responded by opening her mouth slightly and letting our tongues touch, but then she turned her head away from me. She had began to sober up a bit by now and she, very politely, asked me to leave. I was absolutely disappointed, but I respected her choice, and Robert showed me to the door.
I could not stop thinking about Pam, the whole time I was driving home, and when I arrived at my apartment I rushed straight into the toilet. I went to the sink and unzipped my trousers and began to masturbate and think of Pam's tits. It felt nice wanking and it took me less than a minute to shoot my spunk into the sink. I washed my spunk down the plug hole and then I went straight to bed.
The next morning I was feeling a bit guilty, so I took the next few days off from work so I did not have to face John. We did have a game of golf planned, at the weekend, and I was going to cancel it but I decided to go and hope that Pam would not say anything about our little adventure. I was wrong.
On Saturday I arrived at John's house, as planned, and was greeted by his wife Maureen. I entered the house and waited as John went to the garage to collect his golf clubs. Maureen was just going out shopping with friends, but before leaving she made me a cup of tea. I sat at the table and John entered and kissed his wife goodbye and then he joined me at the table. We drank our tea, and then John picked up his golf clubs and headed to my car, while I quickly went upstairs to the toilet.
I opened the bathroom door, and was just about to enter when I noticed Pam standing by the mirror brushing her hair. She looked over towards me and smiled, and we both went red with embarresment but I could not take my eyes off her. All she was wearing, was a short tight pink shirt that barely covered her chubby bum. I could see that she had no bra on, and her big round nipples were erect and sticking through the fabric of her shirt. My cock went rock hard, and I wanted to move towards her and feel her curvy, body. Instead I apologised, and turned to leave. Then as I walked away, Pam told me that Robert had enjoyed watching me touch her. The way she spoke to me was very immature, and then she giggled and then closed the bathroom door. I wasn't sure what to do, so I left and went down stairs.
During our game of golf all I could think about, was Pam and what she said. I wasn't sure if she was hinting at me to touch her or if she was teasing me, but it would not be long until I found out what she wanted.
A few days had passed and I was sitting at home during the evening and was watching television. Then I got a call from Robert. He had obtained my phone number from John, and asked if I could go over to his house tomorrow during the day. I asked him why, and he went silent and then quietly told me that Pam wants to see me. He then gave me a time to meet, and then put the phone down. It was a very awkward phone call, but I knew now what the naughty pair both wanted.
I spent the night, too excited to get much sleep, but the next morning I called work and told them I wouldn't be in. I had coffee and breakfast and then took a shower. My cock was rock hard as I thought about Pam as I washed myself.
I arrived at Roberts house and he answered the door straight away. He led me to the front room where I was greeted by Pam, sitting on the sofa. She smiled at me and I sat down on the chair opposite her. Robert sat next to her and then they asked if i wanted to watch them both again. I looked at Pam, sitting in a short denim skirt. She had no shoes or socks on and she was wearing a plain white shirt, with no bra on underneath. I could see her big tits and her hard round nipples through her thin top. She giggled and then I told Robert that I would like to watch them. I did not want to be pushy, so I kept quiet and waited to see what would happen.
Robert leaned towards his girlfriend, and began to kiss her passionately on her lips. He then slowly lifted up her white top to reveal her big tits. I watched as he played with her, rubbing his hands all over her breasts. Then she parted her chubby thighs, slightly and I could see her hairy mound underneath her denim skirt. My heart was beating fast now as I watched them. My cock was aching and I began to rub myself through my trousers.
Pam undid Roberts belt and she pulled out his hard cock. She then moved her head down and took him into her mouth. As she was sucking him, he looked over to me and smiled. I wasn't sure if I should stay still or go over to them. I didn't want to ruin things, but now I was feeling very turned on. I looked at Pam as she was bending down her skirt was riding up, so now I could see her big juicy white bum. I wanted to touch her and play with her. So I stood up and went over to them.
As I approached them, Pamela got up and knelt on the floor. She carried on sucking Roberts cock as he sat on the sofa. Her bum was now facing me so I knelt behind her and lifted up her denim skirt completely and began to squeeze and gently slap her warm chubby bum. Robert was now looking at me and smiling as I rubbed his girlfriend from behind. Pam had stopped sucking Robert's cock and now had her head resting on his lap, as he stroked her hair. I moved my hand under her legs and felt her warm wet hole. Pam kept completely still, and quiet as I pushed two of my fingers inside her. As I played with her wet minge I began to massage her lower back. My cock was aching now, so I stopped what I was doing and undid my trousers. All I wanted to do was put my hard cock inside, John's daughter.
Robert watched as I held my cock in my hand, and then then he looked down at his girlfriend. Pam, still had her head resting on Robert's lap and I could see that she had her eyes closed. Then I positioned myself and asked if I could fuck her. Robert stayed silent, but nodded and I needed no further encouragement. I was about to fuck an eighteen year old pussy and I could not wait any longer.
My heart was pounding as I pushed my cock between Pam's chubby thighs and into her wet bushy hole. I pushed myself in as deep as I could and then, at last, I slowly began to fuck her. It felt so nice as my cock squelched inside her. I bucked my hips faster, pushing her against the sofa and her boyfriend's lap. My hands grabbed her hips as I continued to pound her, and then all of a sudden I could not hold back anymore. I tensed up and shot my warm spunk into her pussy, it felt so nice feeling my balls empty after feeling so frustrated. My cock twitched as the last of my spunk emptied inside her. Then I pulled myself out of her pussy and sat back on the floor by the chair.
Robert immediately stood up, and knelt behind Pam. Once he had positioned himself he began to fuck her. Her face was now resting on the sofa cushion and as he fucked her fast and hard, she began to moan with delight. She pushed her face deeper into the cushion so that her moans were muffled. Robert was fucking her as hard as he could now and, obviously he was really turned on after letting me fuck her. I watched as he tensed his arse cheeks and then filled his girlfriends pussy with his spunk. Then he pulled his cock from her squelching pussy and sat down on the sofa.
Pam had her bum facing me and I could see both of our spunk dripping down her thighs. Then she got up and, quickly, left the room and went upstairs. I looked over at Robert and he looked worried and went to join Pam. I waited for a few minutes and then went upstairs.
Pam was sitting on the bed, still wearing her white shirt and denim skirt. Her brown hair was a mess and her face was sweaty. She looked up at me and smiled and then looked away. Robert was standing by the bed, so I entered the room and sat beside Pam. She didn't say a word as Robert left and went into the bathroom. I wanted to kiss Pam and lift up her top and play with her big white tits, but as I tried to talk to her she got up and went to find Robert. They were gone for about ten minutes, and I thought about leaving but then Robert returned alone. He told me that Pam wanted me to leave, but she also wanted to see me again. He also told me that Pam doesn't want to talk about what happened. She just wanted to let things to happen and then forget about it. I agreed and made my way down stairs feeling satisfied.
Robert gave me his mobile phone number and said we could stay in contact, and arrange another time to get together. Then I left and went home.
A few days had past and I had messaged Robert a few times but Pam had decided that she did not want to continue seeing me. I was disappointed, but I accepted her choice and hoped it would all stay a secret. At work I tried to avoid John as much as I could, and I even made excuses not to play golf anymore. I felt very awkward around him, knowing that I had fucked his daughter. Eventually I found another job and moved in with my brother and his wife in another town.
I will never forget Pam. Touching her big tits and fucking her chubby body will always stay in my memory. I just hope that I can get to play with her some more, in the future if I ever see her again.