Beth stirred, looking at me sleepily. "Mm, I slept really well."
She gave me a sheepish smile. "I think I was a bit 'right now' last night, wasn't I..."
I stroked her hair. "Believe me, I'm not complaining." I glanced at the bedside clock. "Do you want a quick swim while we still have the pool to ourselves?"
Beth shook her head, shifting closer to me. "Let's just cuddle for a while, then we can go and get breakfast."
She grinned. "The menu said there'd be bacon."
I wrapped my arms around her. "Breakfast with you will be perfect, bacon or no."
We dozed for a while, Beth shifting her body deliciously against mine every once in a while. Finally I took a deep breath, and touched her shoulder gently. "We should make a move if we don't want to miss that bacon."
Beth swung her legs out of bed, and I watched as she pulled on t-shirt and jeans. I dressed quickly in turn, and we made our way to the dining room. "What can I get you?" the girl serving asked.
"I think we'd both like the full English breakfast, please."
Beth nodded her agreement, and the girl made a note on her pad, heading for the kitchen. I fetched coffee for us, and glanced at Beth across the table. "What would you like to do first?"
"We can just look round the town, remind ourselves where our favourite shops are," Beth suggested. "Maybe later we can go up to the bluff."
Our breakfast arrived, and Beth ate with obvious enjoyment. "It's really good."
I drained my cup. "More coffee?"
"Please."
The girl brought toast, and I grinned as Beth spread marmalade, her tongue sticking out of the side of her mouth as she concentrated.
Finally she sat back. "I couldn't eat another thing."
We made our way out of the dining room, and headed up the hill past the restaurant. "Look, there's the craft place," pointed Beth.
We spent the morning exploring the bookshops, and finally I touched Beth's hand. "I don't think we'll need much lunch, but my feet could do with a rest."
She grinned. "I know. Tell you what, why don't we walk back to that cake shop? I think they do milkshakes too."
We indulged in coffee cake, and Beth sucked at her banana milkshake. "So how do we get to the bluff?"
"There's a footpath from the back of the car park," I recalled. "It's a fair way, but the view's worth it, and it'd make my day if we saw the kestrels."
A couple of hours later we reached the top of the bluff, Beth looking back at me as she stepped onto a flat rock at the edge. "Come on, slowcoach," she teased.
"Be careful," I puffed.
Finally I caught up with her, wrapping my arms around her from behind and looking over her shoulder at the view. "Wow."
Something darkish brown shot across the bluff below us, too fast to follow, and Beth gasped. "Oh! That must have been a kestrel - now you can definitely say you saw them."
She glanced at her watch. "I know it's quicker on the way down, but we'd probably better make a start if we want to make it back for dinner."
As we descended toward the town, I was rewarded with the sight of another raptor, a buzzard flapping lazily from the top of a hay bale as we approached. "Maybe the day after tomorrow we could drive to the bird centre," I suggested. "They do 'hawk walks', would you like to try that?"
"Definitely," nodded Beth.
Finally we were back at the hotel, and I looked through the tourist guide. "The Black Swan gets good reviews - it's a bit traditional, but I think I can cope with that."
"Sure. As long as they do a decent steak, I'm up for it."
"We'll probably need to smarten up a bit," I mused.
"I brought my blue dress," Beth suggested.
"My favourite," I grinned. "I have trousers and a decent shirt, but nobody's going to be looking at me."
I quickly changed, and watched as Beth got ready. "Now I know the secrets of your makeup," I teased as she applied the final touch, the lipstick that made kissing her after an evening out just a little more special.
We walked to the restaurant, getting an approving look from the maitre'd. "I think we passed," Beth whispered with a smile.
Dinner was everything we'd expected, steak cooked to perfection, crisp vegetables, and a bottle of wine as dark as blood. "Mm," sighed Beth finally. "I don't think even their profiteroles could tempt me."
I settled the bill, and we strolled back down to the hotel, enjoying the cooler air. When we reached our room, I glanced at Beth. "Swim? There'll still be people about, or we can wait till we've got it to ourselves."
"I don't feel like swimming yet," Beth mused. "Probably not a good idea so soon after we've eaten, anyway."
She thought for a moment. "But after all that walking, I wouldn't mind just dabbling my feet for a while."
I watched as she changed into her bikini, then unlocked the sliding doors for us to step into the pool area. Beth sat on the edge of the water, dangling her legs, while I found the same plastic chair to sit in as the previous night, pulling it near to her.
After a couple of minutes, Beth glanced up at me. "Would you mind getting me some water?"
"Of course, no problem."
I got up, walking back to our room, and switched on the bedside lamp so I could see my way to the bathroom to fill a glass. When I returned, I thought I detected a change in Beth's expression, as though she had a secret but wasn't ready to share it. She sipped gratefully, and put the glass down. "Looks like people are leaving."
She waited until the last person was gone, then got to her feet. "OK, I think I'm ready for a bit of a swim now. You coming in?"
I shook my head. "But I'll watch you."
Beth glanced down at the laces of her bikini, her meaning obvious, and again I loosened each bow with a tug of my fingers, letting the scraps of pale blue fabric fall to the tiles. She let me drink in the sight of her for a few moments, then turned and smoothly dived into the water, swimming to the other side.
I watched as she tried out different strokes, and unsurprisingly I felt myself becoming more than a little aroused at the light catching her wet breasts, the glimpses of furry shadow between her legs, even - mm, wow - a clear look between her thighs as she kicked her legs strongly.
She swam nearer, floating on her back, and moved her hands to her breasts, fingers brushing her nipples. "Sure you won't join me?"
I smiled, shaking my head, and she pretended to roll her eyes. "Guess I'll have to come to you and get what I want, then."
She swam to the side, pulling herself out of the water, and wrapped her arms around me, kissing me hard on the mouth. "Now you're all wet," she grinned.
"I suppose I'll have to take my clothes off, then."
Beth glanced towards the sliding doors. "Let's go back in the room this time."
She slid the door closed behind us, and I undressed as she watched. "Do you want me to turn the lamp off?"
Beth shook her head. "I like it when I can see you, and -" she put a finger to her chin, pretending to puzzle - "I'm pretty sure you like to look at me, too."
"I am pretty visual," I admitted. "OK."
Beth knelt on the bed, and patted the sheet. "Come here, then."
I knelt facing her, and she reached out to touch my cheek. "Tim, I'm really glad we did this. I don't mean just going away, but -" she looked almost shy again now - "getting to know one another like this."
I turned to touch her palm with my lips. "I'm glad too."
I drew her closer, kissing her, and she closed her eyes. "Mm - Tim, do whatever you want to me."
I bent to kiss her breasts, suckle each nipple in turn, then slid my hand down between her parted thighs, exploring her wetness. "Mm," she breathed, "yes..."
I felt her fingers wrap gently round me. "I remember something you like, too."
She put her hand under my chin, lifting my head, and it was her turn to bend now, her mouth on my chest, lips warm and wet round my nipples. "Oh god, Beth," I groaned, "that's exquisite."
She brushed her thumb over my hard tip, then brought it to her tongue, tasting. "Definitely getting a reaction."
I moved back to her breasts, cupping her mound in my palm, enjoying the feeling of soft fur. "I have an idea - don't move."
I shifted so that I was kneeling behind her, my hands cupping her breasts, my hardness pressing into her bottom for a few moments. Then I moved back slightly, exploring her with my fingertips from behind while my other hand continued to brush one nipple. "Oh," Beth gasped, "that's amazing."
I carefully slid fingers inside her, then moved my other hand down from her breast to touch her hard nub, and Beth moaned. "Mm - one time you should definitely go inside me from there, touch me like you're doing now."
I moved more insistently, and she started to stroke her breasts, gently pinch her nipples, head tilted back. "Oh - oh god - don't stop - I'm -"
Her words were lost in a cry of pleasure, until finally she relaxed, her breathing still rapid. I kissed the back of her neck, then wrapped my arms around her. "Love you."
After a few moments she slid out of my arms, facing me. "My turn to think of something we can try."
She indicated the foot of the bed. "Lie down, but with your head there?"
I complied, wondering what she had in mind. She shifted her body across mine, but kneeling the other way, her bottom invitingly in front of my face. The pink star of her other opening was clearly exposed, and on impulse I lifted my head to touch it with my tongue. The muscles tightened for a moment, and I heard a quiet squeak of surprise from Beth, then she relaxed. "Actually that feels nice."
I tongued her again, then it was my turn to be surprised as I felt warmth, wetness surround my tip. Beth took me further into her mouth, tongue swirling, and I groaned quietly. "Mm."
Beth shifted back a little, and my tongue sought out her hard nub. Beth's reaction was to moan, then move more insistently on me, and I started to wonder if I would manage to bring her to another overwhelming moment of pleasure before I gave way to my own release. I suckled gently at her nub, and allowed myself a moment of satisfaction as her movements on me lost coordination.
She lifted her head, and I heard her gasp as I suckled, tongued again. "Mm - oh - yes -" then a cry of delight as she pressed her hips down on me almost suffocatingly.
"Definitely your turn now," I heard her smile, but instead of her mouth on me again, she sat up a little, and I felt her fingers round me, sliding wetly on my shaft. "I hope you brought plenty of hankies," she hinted, and I gasped as her thumb again brushed over my tip.
She moved more quickly, and I groaned. "Oh yes, mm, like that, it feels just like I'm in you -"
I tipped over the edge, and Beth chuckled softly as she watched creamy fluid spurt onto my stomach, an unmistakeable trickle running down onto the bed. "Mm, that really worked, didn't it."
She slid off me, finding the tissue box and starting to mop up the stickiness. "I have a confession," she ventured as she crumpled tissues into a ball, dropped them in the bin.
"I thought you had something to tell me," I grinned as I wrapped my arms around her.
"Well," she began, "when you went to get my water, and you'd left the lamp on, I realised it was casting a shadow on the curtains, and I could pretty much see your outline moving the whole time you were in the room."
She smiled sheepishly. "That was why I asked you not to turn out the light just - I was imagining everything we did showing up on the curtain where anyone outside could see it."
I chuckled, starting to share in her fantasy. "But everybody had gone, there wouldn't have been anyone there."
"Still," Beth grinned, "it's fun to pretend, isn't it."
She snuggled closer, and I leaned across to turn out the light with a definite click. "Night, love, sweet dreams."
***
The early morning sunlight woke me, and I leaned across to kiss Beth. "Wake up, sleepyhead, it's breakfast time."
"Mmff," she managed. "OK."
She got out of bed, yawning. "We probably both need a shower, but breakfast first."
We pulled on our clothes and made our way to the dining room, sitting at the same table as the day before. While we were eating, I noticed a young woman walking towards us, the expression on her face more than a little nervous. Her dark hair and olive skin suggested a Mediterranean origin, and when she spoke her voice held just a trace of an accent.
She began hesitantly. "You are the young couple who have the room by the pool, no?"
Beth smiled reassuringly. "That's right. I'm Beth, this is Tim."
"I am Francesca, I am staying here since last week."
Beth indicated the vacant chair. "Please, join us, it's lovely to meet you."
Francesca sat down. "I am sorry to intrude, but something I need to tell you."
She fiddled nervously with her ring. "I like to swim, no? So I came to the pool last night, no-one was there."
She looked up. "I must have got the wrong time, pool is closed. So I am going, but I look across to your room. Curtain is closed but light is on and -"
Even under her olive skin I could see her embarrassment. "I can see you, what you are doing."
She made a gesture with her hand which I guessed meant an apology for something over which she felt shame. "I did not mean -"
Beth reached out to touch her fingers. "It's fine, Francesca."
She glanced at me. "Actually, we knew the light would cast a shadow. We didn't think anyone would be there, but - we wouldn't mind if someone was."
Francesca blinked. "So you OK with it?"
She hesitated again. "What you were doing - it was very, what do you say, passionate, you very much in love."
Beth nodded, a soft look in her eyes. "That's true."
She smiled. "Francesca - you're welcome to come and use the pool whenever you like, even when it's our time. And if we're, well, being 'passionate', don't worry about it."
Beth picked up her coffee cup, sipping. "Just don't let on to anyone else..."
Francesca lifted her hands, crossed fingers in front of her lips signifying silence. "Thank you..."
She got up, glancing back with a smile as she left the dining room, and Beth turned to me with a grin. "Well, well."
I pretended to roll my eyes. "The scrapes you get me into."
"No harm in being generous," Beth shrugged. "Now, what are we going to do today...?"
We revisited some of the bookshops, the boot of the car starting to fill up with our purchases, and went back to the cake shop for lunch - "Maybe we'll have tried all the different cakes by the end of the week," Beth mused as she picked up crumbs from her plate with a finger. A walk down to the river in the afternoon, and as the sun started to set I pulled out the tourist guide again. "Why don't we try the Blue Boar - it sounds a bit more down to earth than where we went last night?"
Beth chuckled. "Is every restaurant in this town named after a colour and an animal...?"
The food at the Blue Boar turned out to be excellent - steak and ale pie with chips - and this time we stayed for dessert, a treacle sponge and custard. "That's what I call a proper English meal," Beth concluded as we walked back to the hotel.
She sprawled on the bed. "Think I need a minute to let that all go down."
I propped myself on one elbow beside her. "We said we might go to the bird place tomorrow, didn't we."
Beth was about to reply, then she stopped. "Did you hear something?"
I nodded. "Maybe it came from the pool?"
I walked to the curtains, looking through a gap. "Aha... Beth, come over here."
She joined me, and her eyebrows rose. Francesca was sitting at the edge of the pool, wearing a dark one-piece swimsuit. She slipped into the water, crossing to the other side of the pool and back, her eyes occasionally turning in our direction.
Beth chuckled. "Bless her, she's wondering if we're going to put on a show."
I blinked. "You want to...?"
Beth thought for a moment. "Let's just watch for a while."
Francesca swam for a little longer, then got out of the water, sitting on the edge again. She closed her eyes, and after a while we saw her start to stroke her arms slowly, sensuously. "I wish I knew what she was imagining," I wondered, and Beth raised an eyebrow. "Probably us."
I felt a thrill at the idea that our lovemaking would provide inspiration for someone else's pleasure, and I put my arm around Beth's shoulders as we waited to see what Francesca's next move would be.
She glanced around again, making certain that no-one else had come in. Her fingers slipped first one, then the other strap of her swimsuit off her shoulders, and she carefully pulled the fabric down to reveal her breasts. "Wow," Beth couldn't help her reaction.
I wondered if I was on tricky ground here. "She definitely has a good figure," I admitted.
Beth glanced at me, smiling. "I really don't mind you admiring her. And she probably hopes we're watching."
Francesca breathed in, cupping her breasts, her fingers brushing her nipples, and we could clearly see the expression of pleasure on her face. She continued to touch herself, occasionally pushing her breasts together with the flat of her palms, then seemed to reach the point where her desire needed more. She reached between her thighs, pulling aside the fabric of her swimsuit and starting to move her fingers on herself, her other hand returning to her breast. Her mouth gradually rounded into an O, her eyes closed, and I couldn't help my own breathing speeding up a little in sympathy. "This turning you on?" teased Beth, and I glanced aside at her. "As if you can't tell."
Francesca's fingers moved more urgently now, her hand clasping and squeezing her breasts, and suddenly her head tipped back, her cry of delight carrying across the room to us. Her body shuddered, her hips thrusting again her hand convulsively once, twice, again.
Finally she relaxed, breasts heaving with her deep breaths, fingers brushing her hair away from her face. She pulled her swimsuit back up, slipping the straps into place, and as she adjusted the material between her thighs, pressing her fingers into herself once more, her eyes closed again and what seemed to be an aftershock of pleasure shook her body.
She got to her feet, glancing round again, and walked slowly to the far door, letting it close behind her and vanishing from our sight.
"Wow," breathed Beth. She glanced at me. "That really had quite an effect."
I pretended to give her a puzzled look. "I didn't think you were into girls," I teased.
Beth rolled her eyes. "I don't really need to be, for that to get me excited."
"So what do you want me to do about it?" I hinted, my hand sliding to cup her bottom.
"Undress me and I'll show you," Beth promised.
I helped her slip out of her dress, shedding bra and panties, and a few moments later she was kneeling on the bed watching me undress in turn. She patted the space behind her. "Here..."
I knelt, stroking her back softly, and I heard a smile in her voice. "Mm, nice."
She lifted her arms, linking her hands behind her head, giving me unrestricted access to her body. "Start by touching my breasts the way Francesca touched hers."
I cupped her breasts gently. "Just so you know, you're the perfect shape for me."
I brushed thumbs across her nipples, then slowly drew my fingertips together until I was pinching them softly, pulling them a little away from her body, and she gasped. "Mmm - actually I think I'm ready for you to touch me somewhere else."
I moved back, my fingers exploring her from behind as I'd done before, finding her very wet. On impulse I moved one now-slippery fingertip further back to brush gently over her pink star, again feeling her tense a little then relax. "Mm," she murmured, "one time we can definitely find out what else feels nice there."
I felt a brief thrill at her promise, and reluctantly let my fingertip drift away. "Now what was it Francesca did next?" Beth murmured, and I began to explore her wetness again, teasing her by pressing my fingers a little way in, then withdrawing without entering her fully.
Her response was almost a plea. "Mm - I just want you in me."
She leaned forward a little, and I positioned myself carefully, then entered her, only stopping when my hips encountered the softness of her bottom.
Beth gave a quiet moan of satisfaction. "That feels completely different, but - ohhh..."
Her sentence was cut short because I'd reached around to find her hard nub, starting to use a fingertip on it even as I began to move inside her. "Oh - yes - mm -" she managed. Her hands moved to her breasts, and I smiled to myself as I saw her push her breasts together as Francesca had done earlier.
I felt my own release coming closer, and I leaned forward to blow softly in Beth's ear. "Are you nearly there?"
She shivered, nodding wordlessly, and I moved my fingers on her more insistently, on impulse using my other hand to gather her hair together, gently twisting it as I thrust into her. "Mm - yes, my love, now..."
As she felt me stiffen inside her, she cried out, her muscles tensing, rippling around me. She pushed insistently back against me, moaning softly as I spurted into her depths. My only regret was that we couldn't see the expression on each other's faces, but Beth made up for it in the way she vocalised her satisfaction. "Mm, wow, Tim," she murmured. "That was everything I could possibly have imagined."
Still inside her, I drew us down onto the bed, and Beth snuggled against me. "I liked it when you held my hair," she murmured. "You can do that again some time."