I was waiting patiently at the airport for what seemed like an eternity. Waiting by baggage claim is so boring when the person you're there for is not around. It used to be so nice when we were allowed to wait at the gate so that we could greet the person we was waiting for as soon as their feet touched the ground. Alas, those days are now no more which is how I found myself waiting not so patiently in the baggage claim area of the airport. I had been expecting my Swedish sweetie for a while now. We'd been talking online for several months and were both finally able to meet in person. The conversations we'd had online had been stimulating in more than once sense of the word.
Every time I saw his name pop up on my messenger service I felt my insides clench and contract. Now, in just a few moments he would be here and everything we had talked about would have very real possibility of happening. I had put on my very favorite purple dress which flowed all the way to my ankles but was cut very deeply at the neckline. My new bra picked up my tits and pushed them together which created a rather impressive display of cleavage. I had neglected to wear panties because I planned on surprising him when he arrived. I was so busy that I almost missed him walking towards me.
I recognized him from the pictures he had sent me from time to time. He was not so tall by comparison to the men I spent most of my time around, but still about 4 inches taller than my 5'6" frame. He was well built though not skinny. He was carrying a medium sized suitcase towards me from the baggage carousel. He was wearing comfortable shorts with an elastic waistband and a short-sleeved button down shirt. A smile burst out on both of our faces as we caught sight of each other. I quickly walked towards him and his pace soon caught up to mine. He set down his suitcase and wrapped his arms around my waist as mine found their way around his neck. He kissed me softly at first but the feeling of excitement passed between us and the kiss quickly built to one of passion and excitement. We stopped kissing and I moved my mouth to his ear.
"Now, let's get you to my car so I can suck that gorgeous cock you've been teasing me with all this time."
Then I nibbled his ear quickly before setting myself back down on my own feet. I turned around on my heels and took his hand in mine. He picked up his suitcase and followed close behind, a smile trying to eat his face the whole way to the car.
We put his suitcase in the trunk of my car and then he climbed in the passenger side while I got behind the wheel. We looked at each other for no more than a couple of seconds before we practically attacked each other. We got as close as the seats in my Jeep would allow and then we were all hands and mouths. We were kissing so deeply that when we parted we were both gasping for breath.
He looked in my eyes as he brushed a piece of hair out of my eyes.
"I have wanted to do that for six fucking months."
Then he kissed me again but not for as long. Now it was my turn to make a confession.
"There's something else I've been waiting six fucking months to do."
I reached toward his shorts as I kissed him again. I could feel his cock straining against the material of his shorts. I felt his breath quicken as my fingers moved along the outline of what felt to be the biggest cock I'd seen in years. He moved his mouth to my neck and began nibbling along my shoulder to my ear and back as I reached into his shorts to feel him in the flesh.
He helped me push the shorts down his hips which allowed his fantastic cock to breathe free. I continued stroking him while he tried to kiss me, though apparently I was better at hand jobs than I remembered because his breath kept catching in his throat as he was about to meet my lips. He sat in front of me, with his mouth slightly open and his eyes rolling back in his head which gave me a thought.
I leaned forward and started kissing along his neck as I continued working his cock with one hand and unbuttoning his shirt with the other. As each button came free I would plant a kiss where his shirt had been closed. I leaned the seat back a little for him as I reached the beginning of his happy trail. He leaned back in the seat and I continued my journey south. His cock was all that he had promised and more. It was more than two handfuls and then some. I trailed my nails light along the shaft and then quickly let my tongue dart out to lick the head along the seam.
He sharply inhaled as I felt his cock twitch in front of me. Then I licked long and well around the head before starting to take him into my mouth. At first, just the head and slowly as my saliva built up in my mouth I took more in. I would back up and let my hand slide the self made lubricant down his shaft before coming back up over and engulfing his cock with my mouth. When I had the whole thing slick I went down as far as I could comfortably go. As big as he was, that wasn't even half way down.
I was so hungry for his dick that I pushed myself to take more inside my mouth. I felt the head of his fat prick at the back of my throat and for a moment fought the urge to gag. I breathed in through my nose and took even more in. I was about three fingers from the base of his cock when I heard a deep guttural moan. I backed up off his cock and looked him in the eyes. They were burning with passion as I licked my lips and started to head back for more.
"Fucking hell, baby, you are so good at that. Fuck, this is so much better than just talking about it."
I sat up briefly and said "I've wanted to get this cock in my mouth since the first time you showed me your pictures. Mind if I keep going?"
"Fuck no, knock yourself out, babe."
I went back down on him and started sucking in earnest. What I couldn't fit in to my mouth I covered with my hand. I sucked his fat cock for what seemed like forever. I was getting so turned on by having my mouth full of cock that my pussy was getting so wet it was soaking my dress.
"Oh my god, babe, you have to stop."
I sat up and asked "Why?"
"Because you're going to make me cum sooner than I want to cum. I didn't fly halfway around the world just for amazing head. I came for the amazing pussy too. I can smell you getting aroused and I want to see if that pussy feels as good as your mouth. There's just one problem."
"What's that?"
"This car is too cramped for me to fuck you properly. Let's step outside a bit."
We both got out of the car and he met me around the front of my car. He pulled down the top of my dress and out popped my tits. He was licking and sucking on one nipple while he flicked the other one with his fingers. Then he switched. After he did that for a few minutes my pussy was so wet it was dripping down my thighs. He stood up and spun me around, pushing me face first onto the hood of my car. The engine was still really hot from the drive in there so my nipples got a little toasted.
He leaned over my back and whispered in my ear "I've thought about fucking this wet, hot pussy of Hers the whole plane trip over here." as He pulled up my dress. I could feel his cock pressing against my bare ass while He licked and nibbled on my neck and ear. His fingers teased my pussy till it was throbbing and then I felt His cock rubbing all around the outside of my snatch...teasing me. Then, before I knew it, He was slamming his fat, hard cock deep inside my twitching pussy. He fucked me so hard that I came within a few minutes but He just kept fucking me.
He said "That's it. Cum all over my cock. But don't think you're done cumming yet, baby. I'm gonna keep fucking you."
I couldn't contain the scream in my throat any longer and cried out, moaning loudly. A light from across the parking garage flashed our way and we quickly slipped to the ground in front of my car. I was on my knees, still with my skirt hiked up over my hips and He quickly put his cock back in my pussy and kept fucking me, harder and then so slowly that I never knew which thrust to expect. We heard footsteps approaching and he clamped his hand down over my mouth to quiet me but he still kept fucking me. Slowly now while he fingered my clit. I was getting closer and closer when I noticed the shoes walking around my car.
We stopped moving as a security guard walked around the front of my car, shining his flashlight on us.
"Well, what do we have here?"
I couldn't speak but he looked at the guy and said "I'm sorry, sir, I just got off the plane after flying halfway around the world and all I could think about was taking her as soon as I saw her."
My mouth was open and I gasped as he started to move again.
I looked up at the guard and said "Please, is there any way you can forget about this?"
He smiled and moved to where he was standing in front of me and lowered himself to kneel in front of me.
"Well, I'd hate to break up a party, but I'd love to celebrate with you," he said as he lowered his zipper.
He started fucking me again as the guard positioned his dick in front of my lips. I reached out and licked the head of his prick before taking it into my mouth. My Swede pushed into me and the thrust forced me to go down further on his skinny but still hard dick. Each movement He made in my pussy was echoed on the guard's dick with my mouth. The guard started moaning and Swede slapped my ass hard enough to leave a hand print.
My juices are so covering his cock that there is a puddle forming underneath us. He got his hand all slick with the slippery cum from my pussy and start lubing up my asshole. While still fucking my pussy He slowly eased his long, thick finger into my ass. I had to stop sucking the guard's dick for a moment while I took in the sensation of the Swede fucking both my holes. The guard looked at what my long distance lover was doing and smiled really big.
"Hey, when you've got that all ready, I'd like to have a go at that."
Swede responded by slapping my ass again, "If she's up for it I'm good. How 'bout it, baby?"
My mouth is full so I just nod on his dick and moan my approval.
He pulled out and so did the guard. They both stood and helped me to my feet. Swede got up on the hood of my car and winced a bit as he feel the heat on his ass. The officer helped me onto the hood where I straddle my big cocked Swede and lowered my pussy onto his still rock hard cock. The officer stepped up on the concrete barrier in front of my tires and positioned himself with his dick about to enter my ass.
He stops and says "Hey, mind if I get some pussy lube before I fuck this tight little asshole?"
Swede pulled out of my pussy but continued rubbing his cock on my clit while the guard's much thinner dick made its way into my snatch. He got his dick all slick with my pussy juice and then pulled out before easing himself into my ass.
Swede put the head of his cock just inside my pussy, teasing me while the guard's dick went further and further into my ass. Then he put his hands on my hips and pushed me down onto his cock...hard. This motion also shoved me all the way down on the guard's prick so both my holes were completely filled up.
I gasped at the sensation and felt my pussy tense up around Swede's fat, hard cock. I start rocking back and forth against them both, my tits rubbing on Swede's chest and bumping into his chin. I started to cry out louder as I felt myself starting to cum again. He pulled my face down to meet his and he kissed me silent. My legs started shaking as I succumbed to the rolling orgasms.
I'd never been so filled up and the sensations were driving me over the edge again and again. I hear the guard moaning a deep throaty growl as he says, "Fuck!" He leans over and clutches my hips tightly as he spasms against me and he lets loose his load deep inside my ass. Swede's cock, however, has not stopped moving in my pussy.
He looked into my eyes as He said "He may be finished but I sure as hell am not done with your sweet pussy, baby."
The guard pulled out and wiped his dick clean on my skirt before he packed it up back into his pants.
"Thanks for that, guys. I enjoyed it, but you might want to hurry it up before someone less understanding walks by."
He slaps my ass before he walks away, whistling a little tune. I looked down at Swede and say "Well, you heard the man. You better finish fucking me before someone else comes along and we get into real trouble."
He smiled and said "Probably right. Hold on baby."
Then He started fucking me like there's no tomorrow. He pounded my pussy so hard I could barely stand it. My pussy twitched and clenched his cock like it was starving for it. I sat up and started riding him at a gallop, trying to get every inch of his hard, fat cock inside my pussy.
"Oh, fucking hell. Fuck me harder!"
He pounded up into me and my hands reach down, clutching his chest, my nails digging into his skin as the most powerful orgasm I've ever felt built up inside of me. He sat up and rolled me over so that I was lying on the hood and he was furiously pumping away.
He leaned over and held my shoulders down as he fucked my dripping wet pussy, harder and harder. I wrapped my legs around his waist and pulled him as far into me as I could. Harder and faster I felt him pumping away above me. I tried to hold on to my orgasm but it started to get so big I couldn't control it.
"FUCK!"
I hear him scream against my neck and then I couldn't hold back anymore. I started cumming again and this time it's so uncontrollable that my hips start moving on their own, matching him thrust for thrust, bucking against him as hard as I could.
"Yeah, baby, cum with me. I've waited so long to feel you cumming inside me. Cum. With. Me!"
I punctuate each word with a savage thrust of my hips. Finally He let loose and came so hard he pounded my head against my windshield.
We clung to each other as our bodies slowly returned to normal. We heard a sharp whistle and looked up. The guard gave a warning wave and points to down the ramp. He walked quickly away and we hurriedly got off the car. I put my tits away and smoothed my dress while he put his fantastic cock back inside his shorts. We looked semi presentable and he pulled me close into a hug as a family emerged from the elevator and walked up the ramp towards their car.
We just swayed from side to side as they put their bags into their car (which, oddly enough was just down from mine). They ignored us as we got back into my car. I put the key in the ignition and he pulled me close and kissed me passionately.
"I can't wait to do that to you again, baby," He said.
I smirked and said "Welcome to Texas."