Lilly
By TxRad
Chapter 01: Just What I needed
Lilly opened the back door of the old Rolls Royce and paused to knock on the partition between the front and back seat. Wesley, her driver opened the partition and asked, "Can I help you Madame?"
"Yes. After you put the car away, stop by my room. I have a little something you need to take care of."
"Is there a rush, Madame?"
"No, no, take your time."
Wesley nodded and closed the partition.
Lilly had a smirk of a smile on her face as she got out of the car. Her dress had been up above her thigh high stockings the whole way home. That and no panties had made her horny. Lazy knees she knew had given Wesley glimpses of her smoothly shaven sex.
He would be in just the right mood to give her exactly what she wanted and needed.
*****
In her room, Lilly stepped out of her heels and sighed as she walked over to her closet. She was bouncing up and down on her toes as she opened the double doors. She liked the looks of her legs in heels and they pulled deliciously at the muscles in her calves and thighs but....
She reached back an unzipped her dress. I was one of her favorites. Short, mid thigh, and black with a scooped neck line. It showed nice cleavage when she was standing or sitting up straight and could be deadly if she leaned over the wrong way.
With a shiver, she slipped the dress off her shoulders and let it drop below her breasts. She caressed them with her hands feeling the tingle and itch as she did. Her nipples were rock hard. That was her own fault. There had been a new couple at the party. A young man whose family she knew and a young lady on his arm. He looked in place but she seemed shy and nervous.
She sighed as she took the dress off. The rest of the men her age were the usual suspects and hangers on. None worth noting. She hung up the dress and thought about taking her fishnet stockings off but changed her mind.
Exiting the closet, she closed the doors and walked over to sit on the side of the bed. She smiled as she wondered how long she would have to wait. She had told him not to hurry so Wesley would check the backseat, dust off the car, and wipe it down.
Lilly laid back on the bed. Her hands roamed over her breasts, stomach, hips, and outer thighs. She kept her hands well away from her sex. Anticipation and her teasing hands were all for the good. She had been more than ready climbing the stairs to the upper hallway.
There was a soft knock on her door. She shivered and said, "Enter." She hoped it was Wesley and not one of the maids but then again there were a couple of maids she wouldn't mind making.
After he closed the door, Wesley said, "How may I be of service Madame?"
Lilly raised her feet and hooked her heels on the edge of the bed on each side of her ass. "I need that beautiful tongue of yours," she replied.
Wesley nodded. "All you have to do is ask," he said as he walked over to stand in front of her knees.
"No, no hands," Lilly whispered as she slowly opened her knees as wide as they would go.
Wesley knelt down and leaned over to take a deep breath right above her sopping wet sex. "Yes, quite a mess," he said as he leaned closer and brushed the tip of his tongue across her clit. The hood was pulled back and that bare touch made her take in a deep noisy breath.
"Very sensitive," Wesley said as he brushed his tongue over her clit again.
"Oh yes. The party was a bust except for this young couple. I need to find out more about her. Him I know from years ago."
"How well do you know him?" Wesley asked as he traced her open slit with the tip of his tongue.
Lilly's hips gave a jerk and she moaned softly. "Not in a sexual way. We went to the same school. He had a girlfriend. I admired him from afar."
"And now?" Wesley asked as he licked her slit more firmly. He stayed away from her clit and her opening.
"He does look yummy as always but the girl...." She lost her train of thought as Wesley's nimble tongue swirled around the opening to her sex.
"What about the young lady? Do you fancy her also?"
Lilly lifted her head and smiled at the man on his knees. "Both of them together would be deadly. Separately, they would be delicious."
"Yes Ma'am," Wesley replied and then drove his long tongue as deep inside the Lady as it would go. As wet as she was it was pretty deep.
Lilly let out a soft yell and lifted her hips. His tongue went even deeper. Her hips rose more. A moment later, she was fucking herself on that hot lingual digit.
Wesley let her have her way. He could feel her inner muscles gripping and releasing his tongue. She would start to come soon and then....
Lilly let out a louder yell and arched up as high as she could. Suddenly the tongue was gone from her sex and a mouth latched onto her clit, the tongue flicking it back and forth rapidly. Her orgasm jumped up over the moon.
Wesley kept flicking her clit but slowed down and lightened the touch. Lilly was breathing hard and fast as her hips slowly sank back to the bed. As her ass touched the bed, Wesley raised his head and smiled at the sated expression on Lilly's face. Her face was flushed and her hands were trying to hold the top of her head on.
He sat back on his heels and watched the young woman in front of him. She was breathing heavily and her legs were still spread wide. He would get fired if her father ever found out about what he did for her. He had done it the first time on the ride to college. She had asked about oral sex and he had showed her.
With a soft sigh, he stood up. He hadn't let her reciprocate. It hadn't happened again until she graduated college and came home to stay. She was being groomed to take over her father's companies. He was her release valve.
Lilly groaned. "You did good as always," she whispered as she scooted up on the bed.
Getting a comfiture from the sofa by the window, he covered up the young woman. "You sleep and I'll let myself out," Wesley said softly.
Lilly nodded slowly as she closed her knees, wiggled sideways, and turned over on her side. "Goodnight, Wesley," she mumbled softly.
Wesley had a smile on his face as he left her room.
Chapter 02: Inquires
Lilly came downstairs. She had slept in as no one had woke her up. It had to be her father's orders. Had he thought she had gotten drunk at the party? One glass of wine or maybe a small glass of champagne was all that Lilly allowed herself. A clear head was important to her.
She had showered and had a nightgown on with her robe over that. Her feet were bare as that was her norm where shoes were not mandatory. The clock in the hall showed a little after nine. In the kitchen, she asked the cook if the car was available.
The cook was sitting on a tall stool in the corner. With a smile, she stood up. "Grab you some biscuits, butter, and syrup while I call Wesley."
Lilly sat in a chair by the table in the corner. The biscuits were good as normal. The butter and syrup made them even better. The cook returned from the hall and climbed back onto her tall stool.
"Wesley says he is free until he has to pick your mama up at the club around noon."
Lilly frowned. Her mother and the club were a dark spot as far as she was concerned. She had made the trip to the club with her mother one time. Women of all ages sitting around gossiping. Younger women running around half dressed to play tennis or to swim. Some in towels for full body massages.
"I'll give Wesley a call when I'm about ready to leave," Lilly said as she stood up. She smiled at the cook. "The biscuits are great as usual."
"You don't eat nearly enough," the cook said in reply.
Lilly grinned and winked. "I'll see if I can work on that."
*****
Back in her room, Lilly took off her robe and hung it up. She took her time taking the nightgown off. She tossed it on the bed and walked over to the tall window across from her bed. She gathered up half the drapes and pulled them to the side to tie them off. She walked across and did the same on the other side.
Sheer white curtains covered the windows. She could see through them from her side and figured anyone in the yard could see her through them. She made soft whimpering sounds as she massaged her breast as she looked out. There was no one in sight. There seldom was. The gardener, the pool boy, they were about it unless there was a garden party going on.
Lilly took small steps to the side and ran her hands over her body. Her left hand ended up on her right breast and her right hand was cupping her sex. Her hand massaged her breast and then pinched and rolled her hard nipple back and forth. The right hand lightly patted her puffy outer lips.
She wasn't going for an orgasm, just teasing herself. She moved her hands down by her sides and then brought them back to rub and massage her ass cheeks. There was a meeting with the board of directors at two. She was free until then.
Her mind wandered to the young woman from last night. Did she have the nerve to make a pass at the woman? Nerve probably but not the knowledge to carry it through. Where to get that knowledge? There was the question. Wesley might know.
*****
Dressed in a knee length skirt, a silk blouse, and a light over jacket, Lilly opened the door on the car at the side portico. Wesley had the partition open and asked, "Where to, Miss."
"The office but there is no hurry. I don't have to be there until one thirty."
Wesley nodded and started to close the partition. "Leave it open," Lilly said quickly.
"Yes, ma'am."
Lilly sat back and rode silently as they cleared the driveway and started across town. As they neared the old park, she leaned forward and said, "Go into the old park and find us a quiet place to park."
Wesley looked at the young woman in the rearview mirror and nodded.
Five minutes later, he parked at the end of a dead-end road and backed in toward a fence. Once he had the car shut down, he turned and smiled. "A little early to go parking isn't it?"
Lilly chuckled and whispered, "Don't you wish."
"So what is it?"
"Information. Which of the household staff do you trust the most."
"Cook of course. I've known her forever."
Lilly grinned. "I have an idea that she doesn't eat pussy."
"Suck a mean dick, yes, pussy no," Wesley said returning her grin.
"I'll keep that in mind for when I decide to learn to do that. You eat pussy but I'm looking for a female to clue me in on what it's all about with another woman."
Wesley groaned softly. "I could give you a name but if she ever figured out I told you, she would kill me."
Lilly looked at him and frowned. "I wonder what it would take to kill you?"
"You may one day be the death of me but it would be indirectly," Wesley replied.
"How many women at the house have you not had sex with in one way or another?" Lilly asked changing tactics.
"Let me see, that would be your mother," Wesley replied.
"My mother?" Lilly whispered and then her eyes grew wide. "My sister?"
Wesley frowned. "I don't kiss and tell."
"Kiss as in the way you kiss me?"
"You didn't hear that from me."
"How do you know she eats pussy?" Lilly asked quickly.
Wesley sighed. "If only that seat you're sitting on could talk."
Lilly groaned as she leaned back and looked up. At least she had had her shoes off when her feet were up there. "I see what you mean," she whispered as she looked forward.
Wesley laughed. "I was talking about her and the assorted girlfriends she's had back there."
"So how did you get in on things?"
"One evening, she had a girlfriend back there. They were both naked. I had park in a nice private place and was enjoying the show, until your sister opened the partition and stuck her ass up to it. She grinned at me as she did a face plant between a set of beautiful mahogany thighs."
"Uh, did she know about the length of your tongue?"
"Lets just say, she was a quick learner."
Lilly groaned. "It took me three lessons to get the full extent, shall we say."
"Lets just say, she got the point very quickly. I was teasing her with just the tip. She jerked forward and I followed. Then she jammed back and got better than half in one thrust. After that, I'm not sure who was yelling louder, her or the black girl. The more I fed her, the harder and faster she licked the pussy under her face."
Lilly leaned back and fanned her face. "You are such a bad boy and it seems my sister is such a bad girl."
"I'm pretty sure she can answer all your questions but don't be surprised if she wants to give you a demonstration or two."
Lilly groaned as she lifted her ass and pulled her tight skirt up around her waist. Her knees went wide as she slipped down in the seat. With her sex on full display for Wesley's eyes, she ran a finger up and down in her slit. "I'm so wet," she whispered as she raised her finger to her lips.
She sucked on her finger and pulled it out of her mouth. She whimpered softly as her eyes opened and locked with Wesley's. "Want a little taste?" she asked softly.
"I don't do little tastes, remember," Wesley replied with a wink. "That is how you ended up with your feet on the roof."
"Such a deal I have for you," Lilly said with a grin.
Wesley turned and looked at the clock on the dash. "I need to hurry and pick your father up for his lunch appointment."
Lilly groaned as she lifted her ass and pulled her skirt down.
Chapter 03: Bored Meeting
Lilly stopped by her sister's office on the third floor. She was the head of accounting. The young black woman on the desk in the outer office smiled at her. "Can I help you?"
"Yes, I need to see my sister this afternoon if she has some free time," Lilly replied.
The young woman nodded. "You are Lilly I take it."
"And you are?" Lilly asked fishing for information.
"Navasota," the woman replied. "She has meetings most of the day. The end of the month is getting near and all the pennies must be accounted for."
"How about after work?"
The young black woman smiled and said, "I think we have a dinner date but you are welcome to join us. That is if what you have to discuss isn't too private."
"If you are the young black woman Wesley mentioned earlier then it might be slightly embarrassing for me but not for either of you two," Lilly replied holding eye contact with the woman.
Navasota chuckled and said, "I have an idea that you don't embarrass easily.
"That is only to be seen as we go," Lilly replied and took a deep breath. "I have a meeting shortly but it should be over early. I'll check back afterwards on you're plans."
The young woman smiled and nodded. Lilly shivered and turned to leave. "Do you have a change of clothes in your office?' Navasota asked.
"I have some wardrobe in the coat closet."
"That blouse is fine but lose the coat and the long skirt. Dinner and dancing at a wild club are on the menu for early tonight."
Lilly's eyebrows went up. "Is there a place we can change outside the building?"
Navasota grinned. "The backseat of your sister's car. That is where we change."
"I'll pack light in my briefcase," Lilly said as she headed for the door.
*****
The board meeting was more like the bored meeting. Lilly sat at the end of the table with a note pad open in front of her. The meeting was supposed to start at two but was more like 2:30 before everyone arrived. After that it was meticulous reports on this project and that project.
Half the projects Lilly had never heard of. She made notes on those to find out more. She also had questions on some of the ones she did know about. Boring, boring, boring. Now she wished she had worn a shorter skirt so she could have some distraction under the table.
As a debate over some silly shit or the other, her mind wandered. She wondered how many of the board members were wearing underwear? Who had the biggest dick and balls? Who had the smallest. What would happen if she crawled under the big table and started pulling dicks and balls out of pants?
That last made her groan softly. She knew the basics of a blowjob and had even tried it on a date or two in college but she was not proficient in doing it. Wesley was out of the question. He was way too large to even consider. She had never actually seen his dick but....
It made a large tent in the front of his uniform pants and she had felt of it one time. Large, hot, and hard. She bit her lower lip to stifle another groan. Would it taste different from the smaller ones she had tried in college? Would it fit her mouth?
She sighed and tuned back in to the boring meeting.
*****
Back in her small office, Lilly made sure and stuff the short pleated skirt from the closet into her briefcase. After that, she went over her notes and made a few phone calls. The last call was to her sister's office.
The secretary answered the phone and Lilly asked, "Is Rose free for the evening?"
There was a chuckle on the other end of the line. "Your sister is never free. It always cost you something."
"When are you two leaving?"
"Shortly. Her last appointment left a few minutes ago. Should I put you through to her?"
"No. I'd rather talk to her in person. Where is she parked in the garage?"
"Deck C, parking spot 116. The dark blue Volvo station wagon."
"I thought she got rid of that monster," Lilly said softly, more to herself than to Navasota.
Navasota chuckled. "Never. That backseat is closest to a bed besides the Rolls."
"I'll be down in about fifteen minutes. Don't leave without me," Lilly said and hung up the phone.
*****
Lilly had been leaning on the fender of the Volvo for about five minutes when Navasota showed up. She was taller than Lilly had thought with her sitting behind the desk. Her legs looked long even in the knee length skirt she had on.
Navasota held up a key and smiled. "I'm driving, at least to start with. You get to ride shotgun to start. We'll pick up Rose at the exit to the garage. She got ambushed by your father."
"Ambushed?" Lilly asked as Navasota went around the car.
"He does that from time to time. Always wanting to know why she is leaving early and not working late," Navasota said as she opened the car and got in. She unlocked the passenger door. When Lilly got in, she went on. "He gets the same reply each time. She has the staff she needs to get things done and they have their orders so she doesn't need to stand over their shoulders."
"She has always been forceful with dad," Lilly admitted. "Much more so than me."
The dark skinned woman took a moment to undo several buttons on her blouse before she started the car. With a grin, she reached over and undid three buttons on Lilly's blouse. "With my height, I love looking over some women's shoulders."
Lilly was looking at the front of her blouse. It was unbuttoned down between her breasts. "As short as I am, I've never had that viewpoint."
As Navasota backed out of the parking space, she said, "You're more an eyelevel girl. There are some advantages to that. Especially when blouses get opened up and people start flashing."
"Uh, yeah. I had that experience a time or two back in college."
Navasota reached up and unbuttoned another button on her own blouse. "That was too long ago."
"Three years, more or less."
"Way too long," Navasota said with a grin as they reached the bottom floor of the parking garage and she pulled over to the curb by the elevator.
The back door of the car opened and Rose climbed in. "Hello, sister dear," she said as she settled back in the seat.
"Hello Rose. I need some information," Lilly said quickly. Maybe she could get what she wanted without giving her sister what she might want.
Rose laughed. "Right to the point, sister dear. No, this is going to take some time and this isn't the place for that conversation."
Lilly turned in her seat and looked at her sister from between the seat backs. "Why not?"
Rose smiled as her eyes went to her sister's blouse where it was gaped open on one side. "You're breasts have filled out nicely," she said and licked her lips.
Lilly's hand went to the front of her blouse and she pulled it closed. "Thank you," she whispered as she turned to face the front still holding the front of the blouse.
"So, Wesley has been running his mouth," Rose said to no one in particular.
"He said you would kill him," Lilly replied.
"And lose that deliciously long tongue but you probably already know about that. If not, you don't know what you are missing."
Lilly shivered and blushed. "I know all about it," she whispered a moment later.
"Good, good to know that we now have blackmail on each other," Rose said as they pulled out of the parking garage.
"Blackmail?" Lilly asked quickly.
"More like leverage," Navasota said.
"You know where to go," Rose said to the tall black girl. "We all have skirts to change."
"Who among us is wearing panties?" Navasota asked with a grin as she navigated traffic. When no one spoke up, she laughed. "I do love show and tell."
Chapter 04: Getting Acquainted
Navasota pulled into a narrow side street and then into a small parking lot between two, two story buildings. Lilly noted that there were no windows in any of the brick walls surrounding them.
"Since I'm in the backseat, I get to go first," Rose said as she opened her briefcase. Out came a short black skirt with a short slit in one side.
Lilly looked everywhere but at her sister as she unbutton, unzip, and pulled her work skirt off. Navasota on the other hand turned in her seat so she could watch Rose. "You're missing the floorshow," she said to Lilly.
When Lilly just groaned softly, Rose sighed and said, "Turn and look at me. You want to know about female on female sex but you don't want to look at the private parts."
"You're my sister," Lilly whispered.
"She's not my sister," Navasota said with a chuckle.
"I'm a female," Rose said. "We're all the same but different. Get used to the idea."
Lilly groaned and took a quick glance in the backseat. That is all it took to freeze her in place with her mouth hanging open. Her sister had her blouse open and her legs spread wide. Her nipples were pierced. Her navel was pierced. Her clit was pierce. There was also a ring through each inner lip of her pussy and there wasn't a hair in sight.
"I, I, I," Lilly stammered and then groaned deeply as her eyes closed.
"Your jewelry has stunned another one," Navasota said with a soft laugh.
"That is what it is for. That and my pleasure," Rose said as she slipped the tight skirt on.
Lilly's eyes slowly opened and she groaned at the sight of the piercings through her sister's hard nipples. "Didn't that hurt?" She asked before she could stop herself.
"Only for a moment or two and then the endorphins kicked in," Rose replied.
"I know they sure keep her nipples hard and her pussy wet," Navasota said softly.
"Any blouse rubs so deliciously on the ends of my nipples and keeps them hard and tingly. That added to the way the ball at my clit rubs when I walk, keeps me flooded," Rose said as she took her blouse off and.
Lilly watched as she got a sheer looking blouse out of her briefcase and slipped it on. It covered her but allowed the dark circles under her nipples to show faintly. Lilly shivered. "I do love that blouse."
"It is killer," Navasota said as her eyes roamed over the front of said blouse.
"It does draw eyes and that is what it is meant to do," Rose said as she closed the briefcase and sat it on the floor. "Who is next?" She asked as she opened the back door.
"I'll go next," Navasota said as she opened her door.
They swapped places and Rose smiled at her sister. "Leaving you for last is like having dessert in the right place on the menu."
Lilly whimpered as she looked in the backseat. Navasota had her blouse unbuttoned. She didn't open it until she pulled it out of her long skirt. Lilly whimpered as her eyes took in the full dark breasts with lighter brown circles and almost pink nipples.
"They are so beautiful," Rose said with a glance at her sister.
"Not what I expected," Lilly whispered.
"You've never seen a black woman naked?" Navasota asked as she unbuttoned and unzipped her skirt.
Lilly shook her head. She didn't trust her voice. Her eyes followed the waistband of the skirt as Navasota raised her hips and shoved it down. Low tight curls cover her mound in a heart shape. Lilly's eyes jumped to the hair on the black woman's head. It was short but not as short and just as curly.
When her eyes dropped back to Navasota's sex she let out a deep groan. The outer lips on her sex were a darker brown, almost black. But the thing that had her complete attention was the bright pink of her slit, which was open from the width of the woman's legs.
"Shocking but so beautiful," Rose said as she watched her sister slowly lick her lips and nod.
"Nothing like a neon sign that yells, lick me," Navasota said with a grin.
"Uh huh," Lilly said as she licked her lips again. The spell on her was broken when Navasota dropped a dress over her head. It was sleeveless and came down to mid thigh. It buttoned up the front from the waist.
With the dress buttoned up to between her breasts, Navasota closed the large handbag that was in the backseat and opened the door. "Now for the main show and tell of the evening," she said as she got out on the passenger side.
She had to knock on the passenger side front side window to get Lilly to turn around and look at her. Lilly swallowed hard and opened the door. She got out and stepped out of Navasota's way. She sat down on the end of the seat and looked at Lilly.
With a soft groan, Lilly moved to the rear door and got in. She sat there looking from one smiling face to the other. Navasota looked away and then picked up Lilly's briefcase and handed it to her. "Ya might need this."
Lilly took the briefcase and laid it on her lap to open it. She took the skirt out and laid it on the seat next to her. With the briefcase on the floor, she groaned softly and rolled to the side to undo the button and zipper on her long skirt.
"I've never changed clothes in a car before," Lilly said stalling.
"I know you've had your clothes off in a car, if I know Wesley," Rose said with a grin.
"Just my skirt," Lilly admitted with a blush.
"Been there, done that," Navasota said softly.
"With Wesley?" Lilly asked.
Navasota laughed. "He was there several times but your sister was the main attraction."
Rose groaned. "When I backed up to that partition window I was expecting maybe a lick and a promise."
"And we both got the full deal meal," Navasota said with a shiver.
"How is a woman licking you different from a guy doing the same?" Lilly asked looking at Navasota.
"You have a blouse to unbutton and a skirt to change," Rose said. "Later, we can discuss such things."
Lilly groaned and finished unbuttoning her blouse. It opened to bare her breasts to two sets of eyes when she pulled it out of the skirt waistband. She shivered and raised her hands to cover her breasts. Her hands seemed to have a mind of their own as they squeezed and massaged her breasts.
"Very nice," Rose said.
"Better than I though," Navasota put in.
"It's the loose blouses she tends to wear," Rose said to her friend. To her sister, she said, "Now the skirt and don't keep your knees together. Show off."
Lilly made a soft whimpering sound as she lifted her ass and pulled the skirt down. She was glad she had shaved herself in the shower earlier. She lifted her feet and took the skirt off. She laid it aside and picked up the short skirt.
"Knees wide so we can see what you're working with," Rose said sharply.
Lilly rolled her knees wide and groaned as two sets of eyes zeroed in on her small oval shaped pussy. Her inner muscles clamped down tightly and she moaned softly. She had never been one to show off but now....
"So different from yours," Navasota said softly.
"Uh huh," Rose whispered. Hers was three times as long as her sister's was, she realized.
"Delicate, is a good word for it," Navasota said.
"I'm wondering how Wesley's tongue got in there without a crowbar," Rose said with a shiver.
"It took him three tries," Lilly whispered.
Rose groaned and shivered, "I got it all at one time."
Lilly found herself giggling. "According to him, you only took half of it on the first time you rammed your ass back."
"After that it was all like a dream," Rose said as she glanced at her friend.
"Don't look at me. I had no idea what was going on except I had a wild woman's head between my thighs."
"You should try sticking your ass up to that partition some time," Lilly whispered as she slipped the short skirt on over her feet and pulled it up. She started buttoning her blouse up.
Rose grinned and licked her lips. "She'd break that partition and bend Wesley's tongue all out of shape."
Lilly laughed. "I'd love to be a fly on the wall for that show."
Rose looked at Navasota and smiled. "Maybe one of these days."
Navasota shivered and turned around to face the front. "Drive," she whispered softly.
Rose started the car and turned around. "And away we go."
Chapter 05: The Night Out
Supper was at a small café just out of downtown. The food was good and the conversation spars as they all ate with gusto. Lilly did notice that almost all the customers were female. For the first time the word lesbian crossed her mind. She knew there were such clubs but a restaurant? It sounded weird.
Back in the car, Lilly ended up in the passenger seat with Navasota driving. Rose was relaxed in the backseat. "Which club?" Navasota asked as the pulled out of the small strip mall.
"The Junket might be the best place to start my sister out," Rose replied.
"A lesbian bar?" Lilly asked and felt funny using that word for the first time.
"Not really," Rose replied. "More of a gay bar with some lesbians and fag hags."
"Fag hags?" Lilly asked and then groaned as she was showing her ignorance.
"Women who like to hang out with gay guys," Navasota said.
"Why?" Lilly asked and then she thought about some of the young women who did exactly that in college.
"Gay men know how to have fun for the most part without all the sexual tension toward women or in general for that matter. They are usually polite and friendly to everyone regardless of gender or orientation," Rose said.
Lilly thought of the few gay guys she had known in college. What her sister said seemed to fit what she remembered. "I can understand that," she said more to herself that the other two in the car.
"You won't be overrun with dykes on all sides like at a true lesbian club," Navasota added to the conversation.
"This isn't really the information I was looking for," Lilly said quickly.
Rose chuckled. "I think my little sister has someone to make a run at in mind."
"Something like that," Lilly confessed.
"A selective, kind of, sort of, want to be lesbian," Navasota said with a grin.
"Is that a thing?" Lilly asked.
"Not really a thing but it does happen," Rose replied. "It usually happens between longtime friends or acquaintances. Usually a spur of the moment thing," Rose said.
"I met this young woman at a party and she peaked my interest," Lilly said in way of explanation.
"Did she seem interested also?" Navasota asked.
"Not that I noticed. She was with a young man I knew from back before college. She looked out of place to tell the truth. She seemed shy and nervous with the type people around her."
"A fish out of water," Rose said and chuckled. "Some of those can be ripe for the plucking."
"Is that a lesbian thing?" Lilly asked.
"More of a dyke on the hunt thing," Navasota said as she navigated traffic.
"The male counterpart for lesbians?" Lilly asked.
"Not always," Rose said softly. Lilly turned and looked at her sister. Rose chuckled. "Some dykes don't look dyke. They are just the take charge type."
"Ain't they though," Navasota said as she turned the car into a parking lot.
After she parked the car, she looked at Lilly. "Yeah, that blouse is too loose. She needs something tighter."
"My extra blouse would be even larger," Rose said.
"Yeah, you of the wide shoulders and big ass boobs," Navasota said with a grin. "Look in my bag or better yet, hand it to me. I have several extras."
Rose handed the bag up between the front seats and said, "This should be interesting."
Navasota dug in the bag for a moment and then pulled a light blue blouse out. She held it up and grinned. It had spaghetti straps and was short. "Here, try this on," she said to Lilly.
Lilly's eyes grew wide and she looked all around quickly. There was a wall in front of the car, an SUV on the drivers side, and a small car on the passenger side. "Here?" Lilly said as she looked from her sister to Navasota.
"As good a place as any," Rose said as she sat forward on her seat.
Lilly took the blouse and groaned. It was thin, short, and looked small. "I, I, don't think It will fit."
"I'm betting it will," Navasota said. "Anyway, it's the best I've got."
"What's wrong with the blouse I'm wearing?" Lilly asked as she looked down at it.
"Besides being sloppy and floppy?" Rose said. "Now, get it off and try on the one she gave you."
Lilly laid the blue blouse in her lap and started to unbutton the one she had on. As she undid the last button, two men came out from behind the front of the SUV and walked in front of the car. Lilly hurriedly pulled the front of the blouse closed.
"Don't worry about the gay guys. The will look and maybe give you a thumbs up for changing out here but that's about it," Rose said.
Navasota chuckled. "They are more likely to smile and go on about their business. Tits aren't their thing unless they are trans."
"Trans, as in transvestite?" Lilly asked.
"They might mentally compare your tits to theirs," Rose said. "Or even wonder if you are trans yourself."
Lilly groaned as she quickly shrugged the blouse off and Straightened the light blue one in her lap. Sitting there in the parking lot bare to the waist was both scary and exciting. She groaned softly and slipped the blouse on over her head.
"I think my sister has exhibitionist tendencies," Rose said.
"Like you don't?" Navasota said shaking her head.
"I do love to give a good flash to the right people," Rose admitted.
"The right people are the ones who are in line of sight," Navasota said with a grin.
Lilly had the blouse on. It was short, leaving her belly half uncovered. It was tight across her breast. Her nipples made tents in the soft thin fabric. She groaned as she wiggled her shoulders and her breast moved under the cloth.
"Excellent," Rose said.
"It is a little small but it looks so much better than that white blouse," Navasota said as she took the white blouse and handed it to Rose. "Stuff this in her briefcase."
Once Rose had the blouse put away, she grinned at Navasota and said, "She'll get plenty of attention, that's for sure."
"What if I don't want the attention," Lilly said as she folded her arms over her breasts as a group of people walked in front of the car.
"But that is the name of the game," Rose said softly. "Let your exhibitionist side out to play."
Navasota opened her door and got out. Standing up, like she was made Lilly realize how short and tight the yellow dress was. Not to mention the contrast with her dark skin. "Yeah, showing off," she whispered as the black woman shut her door.
Rose opened her door and paused to say to her sister, "Now get those arms down at your sides and get out of the car."
Lilly groaned as she opened her door and got out. She felt so exposed in the short blouse with her nipples showing. It was a whole new experience. It took all her willpower to shut the door and join Navasota and her sister on the sidewalk.
Her sister looked her over and grinned as she stepped in front of Lilly and pulled the front of the blouse up a little higher and tucked the extra material under the bottoms of her breasts. "Even better," she said softly.
Navasota laughed. "She's going to be the star of the show between us three."
Lilly groaned deeply as her sister turned her around and they started for the front door of the club.
Chapter 06: The Club
The inside of the club wasn't as dark as most clubs she went to. Lilly followed her sister to a table in the back corner. She ended up sitting facing the room with her sister on one side and Navasota on the other. Looking around, the crowd seemed to be slightly more men than women.
The music wasn't loud and blaring. It was a soft jazz background to the murmur of conversation. The waiter was a good looking guy in tight shorts and a tight tank top. They ordered drinks and then looked around as they waited for them.
"A nice crowd," Navasota said.
"About normal," Rose replied.
Lilly shivered as eyes crossed her upper body. Both male and female. "People keep looking at me," Lilly whispered. "It's something I'm not used too."
"Keep dressing like you are now and you will have to get used too it," Navasota said softly.
"If this is a gay bar, why are the men looking at me?" Lilly asked.
"You're new for one thing and just because they identify as gay doesn't mean they don't like to look. Men are wired that way," Rose said.
"Women also," Navasota put in. "Of course, in here you have to look closely to make sure they are women."
Rose chuckled as the waiter appeared with drinks. As he leaned over to sit Lilly's drink in front of her, Rose said, "There are more big dicks in here than in any other bar in town."
The waiter grinned in her direction and winked. "I'd have to agree with that wholeheartedly."
"Is there a reason for that?" Lilly asked as the waiter walked away. Her eyes were on his tight ass under the tight shorts.
"If there is, I don't know the answer to that but...." Navasota paused and smiled. "Some of the hard ones I've seen in slacks and shorts here are larger than average for the most part."
"Amen to that sister," Rose said softly. "Watch the couples on the dance floor when the music changes. You might see some very interesting things and I do mean things."
Lilly thought about the tight blouse she was wearing and the number of tight shorts and slacks scattered about the room. "Advertising," she whispered.
"That's how it all works," Rose said. "Male, female, male, male, female, female. It's all the same."
"But," Lilly started to say.
Navasota laughed. "That also. It is a gay bar after all."
Lilly groaned. "I am so out of place," she whispered.
"Relax. You're fine," Rose said. "It will grow on you once you start meeting the people."
"Meeting people? Lilly said quickly. "How, uh, how does that work?"
"A few more drinks, liquid courage, and you will find out. We're early," Navasota put in.
*****
A half hour later, a tall lanky woman came over to ask Navasota to dance. As they headed for the dance floor, Rose leaned closer to her sister and said, "There is your first transvestite."
Lilly looked at her sister with a confused look. "Are you sure? She looks like a female to me."
"Yes, she is wearing a dress but she also has a scarf around her neck to hide her Adam's apple. She/he loves to dance with Navasota."
Lilly looked thoughtful for a moment and then said, "His, uh, her voice was a little husky but I was distracted by the amount of cleavage at the top of that little black dress."
"Hormone shots or possible plastic surgery. Either could account for the boobs," Rose replied.
Lilly looked at the women around the room. "It is so hard to tell," she whispered.
"It takes time to get all the clues together if you really need to know but who cares unless you plan on dating them," Rose said with a grin.
Lilly shivered. "I'm guessing bisexual is a big thing here."
"Here and in the lesbian club we'll hit later," Rose replied and then smiled at Navasota as she came back to the table. "He dances so well or is that you leading?"
"He's a great dancer and loves to lead," Navasota replied as she sat down.
Lilly groaned. "Pronouns are going to be my downfall."
Rose laughed. "Don't worry about it. People will correct you if you flub it."
After that, more people came by to say hello or to ask them to dance. Lilly was overwhelmed by compliments on her blouse. Some even comment on her breasts and nipples like it was an everyday thing.
Lilly found herself blushing at times. Rose introduced her as a newbie. That got several conversations started as people wanted to know her proclivity. Her answer most often was that she hadn't formed one yet.
Dancing with one older man she was informed that he was gay in that he preferred younger men but some younger women also caught his eye. Lilly wasn't sure what to say so she just thanked him. He laughed at that and asked if her breasts were all natural.
"Yes. Yes they are," she replied.
"They are beautiful, I must say and that top shows them off in the best possible way," was his reply.
The song ended and he escorted her back to the table. Looking at Rose, he smiled and said, "I must say you have good tastes in companions."
"Sister's also," Rose replied with a grin.
His eyes went to the front of Rose's semi transparent blouse. "That blouse needs to be a little thinner so I can make a comparison.
Rose chuckled and replied, "I'd flash you but it is a little early for that."
He nodded and said, "Keep me in mind if you decide to do that."
As he walked away, Navasota chuckled. "Be careful, he might want to try the family package so to speak."
"If I remember correctly, he has a family package all his own," Rose said with a wide grin.
"Family sized for sure. I've danced with him several times," Navasota put in.
Lilly shivered and looked around. The place was getting more crowded. "A lot more people," she pointed out.
"More eyes on your beautiful breasts," a woman at the next table said as she stared at the front of Lilly's blouse. "I'd love to watch you put your hands above your head and arch your back."
Lilly shivered and said, "I, uh, think I'll pass on that."
"I'm not a lesbian, if that is what you are thinking," the woman said. "I'm here with a few of my gay men friends."
"Then why do you want me to put my arms up and arch my back?" Lilly asked.
"I think is a beautiful pose for a woman with excellent breasts and large nipples. I wish I was younger so I could show off like you. The girls spend most of their time looking down these days."
"From what I can see, they look fine to me," Lilly replied.
The woman laughed. "A good corset covers many a flaw. On you one would be deadly."
"I've never worn one," Lilly replied.
"Let me see if I can find her card. I know a lady that would literally drool over the thought of making you one. She does fabulous work, I must say."
A young man came up to the table and led the older woman out on the dance floor. When she was out of earshot, Rose smiled and said, "I told you the natives were friendly."
Lilly shivered and whispered, "Too friendly in some cases."
"If you had done as she asked, her panties, if she is wearing any, would be wet for a week," Navasota said with a chuckle.
"Call it a public service," Rose said softly. "She's wearing a wedding ring so either one of the guys she's with is her son or this is her way of getting thrills without the cheating."
"To each, their own," Navasota said as she reached up and undid two more buttons at the top of her dress. "Maybe I can tease her into undoing a few more buttons so you can see her corset."
"I've seen a corset," Lilly said quickly.
"But have you seen a woman wearing one with her breasts on a shelf?" Rose asked.
"A shelf?" Lilly asked in confusion.
"As apposed to a full or half cup corset," Navasota said.
"Her nipples are showing under the top of that dress so I'm betting on a shelf type," Rose said.
The woman hadn't come back by the time they decided to leave. Lilly noted that the woman had danced with three different young men in a row.
Chapter 07: Moving On
As they left the club, Navasota stepped up behind Lilly and reached around to cover and caress her breasts. Lilly gasped and nearly stumbled. Her sister laughed and used one hand to steady her. "Surprise, surprise. I figured someone would have groped you before this."
Navasota stopped and pulled Lilly back against her using her breasts for handholds. "I've wanted to do this since I first saw you in the parking garage."
"You always were a hands on type girl," Rose said.
Navasota laughed as Lilly tried to pull her hands away. "What I'd really like to know is how wet is she."
Rose chuckled. "A lot wetter than she was a few moments ago."
"Hey guys, we're in public," Lilly protested.
Navasota sighed and let her go. "Then get in the car so we can be a little less in public."
Lilly moved to the passenger side of the car and Navasota followed her. Rose went around to the driver's door and unlocked it. Lilly tried to open the passenger side front door but Navasota grabbed her around the waist and they both ended up in the backseat.
Navasota was on top of Lilly. Then she sat up and pulled Lilly farther into the car. She was now straddling her hips as she turned and closed the door. She turned and grinned down at Lilly. "How fast would you come if I licked your nipples through that blouse or jerked that skirt up and licked your clit?"
Lilly struggled for a moment or two and then realized the car was moving. "Let me up!" she said loudly and forcefully.
"And if I don't?" Navasota asked.
"Rose, help me!" Lilly yelled.
"I'd rather help her," Rose replied with a laugh.
Navasota looked at Rose and asked, "Your place or mine?"
"Your place," Rose replied. "We'd have to fight her up the elevator and down the hall at my place."
Navasota wiggled down and lay on top of Lilly. Her feet were in the air at the far window. Lilly struggled and then got a shock as Navasota kissed her full on the lips. She gasped loudly and tried to turn her head but Navasota had a hand on each of her cheeks.
The kiss went on and Lilly was trying to decide whether to try and ignore it or to give into it. She had wanted information on lesbian relationships so.... She moaned and kissed Navasota in return. This seemed to make the kiss softer and sweeter.
That confused Lilly. She had expected it to get more intense, more passion driven. A moment later, Navasota lifted her head and smiled. "Just relax. You'll find out the difference between kissing a woman and kissing a guy."
"She is a good kisser," Rose said.
Navasota chuckled as she moved sideways to let Lilly sit up. "Have you kissed your sister?" She asked a moment later.
"No, I haven't," Rose replied.
As Navasota settled on the seat next to Lilly she said, "She could be a good kisser if she relaxed and applied herself."
"I, uh, I," Lilly stammered and then groaned as Navasota reached over and caressed the front of her blouse. Her hand settled on her left breast as Navasota leaned over closer. Her face was right next to Lilly's face.
Navasota's fingers massaged Lilly's breast and Lilly made soft whimpering sounds. She turned her head to tell Navasota no but ended up kissing her instead. The black woman's soft full lips on hers felt funny at first and then she added a teasing tongue and Lilly melted. Fingers, lips, and tongue all blended together.
The kiss was softer, gentler than guys she had kissed. The tongue just teased hers. The fingers disappeared for a moment and then ended up skin on skin as they slipped under the top. The material pressed the hand tightly to her breast.
Lilly found herself breathing hard as Navasota sat back and broke the kiss. "Yeah, she's a great kisser once you get her warmed up."
Rose chuckled. "I'm surprised she hasn't came all over herself."
"I just hope she is as wet as I am," Navasota replied as she leaned in for another kiss.
Lilly found herself kissing the black girl more passionately. She shifted her hips and moaned at just how wet it was between her upper thighs. Her hand ended up on the front of Navasota's dress. When she squeezed the small breast under that hand, Navasota broke the kiss.
She leaned back and whispered, "Undo the rest of the buttons for me," she whispered. She used her hand and forearm to raise the front of Lilly's blouse. With both her breasts bared, Navasota could caress and tease as she pleased.
Lilly had all the buttons undone on the front of Navasota's dress. "Now you can caress my breasts as I caress yours," Navasota whispered.
With a whimpering sound, Lilly slipped her left hand under the soft material of the dress. Warm skin greeted her hand. The low swell of Navasota's breast was hard to get a grip on but her nipples ended up being pinched, which brought a soft moan from the black girl.
Lilly released the nipple quickly and Navasota groaned louder. "I do love the burn," she whispered a moment later.
When Lilly parroted the word burn questioningly. Navasota pinched her nipple and it squeezed out between her finger and thumb. Lilly gasped softly as her nipple got an itchy burning sensation. That answered that question she thought as Navasota leaned in to kiss her again.
A warm hand on her bare cool breasts, warm soft lips on her lips, a breast and nipple under the palm of her hand. All these sensations swirling in her head made Lilly moan into Navasota's mouth. That brought a more passionate tone to the kiss.
"Man, I'm feeling left out up here," Rose said to no one in particular.
Navasota broke the kiss with a laugh. "She's your sister."
"You're not," Rose said quickly.
"Should I drive?" Lilly asked.
"You don't know where I live," Navasota said as she pinched Lilly's closest nipple. Lilly whimpered and pinched one of Navasota's nipples in return.
"We could pinch Rose's nipples but that might cause a wreck," Navasota said with a laugh.
"Watching you two has almost caused a couple of wrecks already," Rose said with a chuckle.
"Poor baby," Navasota said as she scooted back and leaned in to lick and then suck on Lilly's closest nipple.
Lilly moaned loudly and arched her back. That hot mouth and flicking tongue almost pushed her over the edge into an orgasm. She pushed at Navasota's head and finally she backed off and grinned. Lilly released her head and covered her breasts with her hands.
Navasota leaned back and pushed her chest out. "Want to try one of mine?"
Lilly groaned as she shook her head. Her eyes were on Navasota's hard fingertip sized nipples. "I, uh, I," she stammered as she licked her lips.
The car made a hard right and Navasota ended up against Lilly and Lilly ended up against the door. Then they were thrown forward as the car stopped sharply. "What the hell?" Lilly asked as the idea of a near wreck crossed her mind.
As Navasota sat up, she looked around and laughed. "We have arrived."
"I hope you guys tip good," Rose said as she opened her door.
Navasota reached across and opened the door beside Lilly. "This side is more protected from prying eyes," she said as she climbed over Lilly. She had paused to rub her breasts on Lilly's face before she got out.
Lilly's eyes were wide as she watched her sister get out and grab Navasota for a wild kiss. A moment later, she pulled her blouse down and got out. She was in a carport between the car and the house. It was dark all around except for a few lights in windows down the street.
Chapter 08: Navasota's Place
Rose let Navasota go and handed her the large handbag. "You can find your keys."
Navasota grinned and rummaged in the bag. "Why isn't someone sucking on my nipples?" she asked as she felt around for her keys.
"I'm trying to be nice for once," Rose said with a grin.
"Just my luck," Navasota replied as she pulled her hand out of the bag jingling keys. She walked down the sidewalk to the door and fumbled with the keys until she found the right one. She had the door unlocked and then open.
Looking around, Navasota frowned and asked, "Is anyone going inside besides me?"
Rose grabbed her sister's arm, closed the back car door and headed for the front door. "Come on and you might get an education," she said as she pulled her sister along.
"My education has grown already," Lilly said more to herself than her sister.
Navasota had dropped her bag on a chair by the door and stripped off her dress as she walked toward the kitchen. Once inside, Rose closed the door and looked at her sister. Lilly had her mouth hanging open as she looked at Navasota.
"See something you like?" Rose asked with a grin. Her eyes were also on the tall dark woman.
Lilly groaned softly. Long and lanky swirled around in her mind. Well defined muscles in her thighs and calves. A runners body. Her ass twitched and swayed as she took each step. Was that natural or a product of the high heels she still had on?
"Beautiful and so sexy," Lilly said softly.
"Ain't she though," Rose replied.
Navasota stopped at one cabinet and got down a bottle of wine. Two cabinets over, she got down three wine glasses. She turned and looked at the two women still standing by the front door. She leaned her head to the side and said, "What? You've never seen anyone get comfortable in their own home?"
Rose chuckled as she pulled the tail of her blouse out of her skirt and finished unbuttoning it. She walked toward the counter separating the kitchen from the living room as she slipped it off her shoulders. She hung the blouse on the back of a stool and wiggled her hips as she pushed her tight skirt down.
Lilly groaned as her eyes jumped to her sister's ass pointed in her direction as Rose bent at the waist to step out of the skirt. She hung the skirt over the back of the stool and turned to look at Lilly.
"Are you joining us?" Rose asked with a grin.
Lilly shivered hard as she reached for the hem of the blouse she had on. "When in Rome and all that other stuff," she said as she pulled the blouse off over her head. The other two women were smiling at her as she straightened the blouse out and dropped it on top of Navasota's bag.
Her hands automatically came up to cover her breasts. She made a soft whimpering sound as the two watched her caressing her breasts lightly. Her nipples were hard enough to hurt. Yeah, being looked at was exciting.
Her hands went to the back of her skirt, which pushed her breast out and up. She shivered as she undid the back of the skirt. A moment later, she dropped the skirt and stepped out of it. "Well done," he sister said as she turned to the counter and watched Navasota pour the three glasses half full.
Lilly wasn't sure what to do next, so she walked over to stand next to her sister. Rose handed her a glass of wine with a smile. Looking at Navasota, she asked, "Here at the counter or in the living room?"
"Living room," the tall woman replied as she picked up the wine bottle and her glass of wine. "We might as well get comfortable."
As they headed for the living room, Rose said, "There is comfortable and then there is comfortable."
Navasota placed the wine bottle on the coffee table and sat down in the big overstuffed easy chair in the corner. Rose indicated for her sister to sit on the end of the couch closest to Navasota and she took the other end of the couch.
Lilly found herself sitting on the edge of the seat and leaning forward. Why was she sitting that way, she wondered. Was she hiding herself? It wasn't like both the other women hadn't seen all of her. She glanced at Navasota. She was leaning back with one knee crossed over the other.
Glancing the other way, her sister was sitting much the same way. With a sigh, Lilly leaned back and started to cross her legs. Navasota moving drew her attention. Lilly made a soft whimpering sound as a long dark leg moved up and over to come to rest on the wide chair arm. Her other knee rolled out to the side.
Rose chuckled as she watched her sister's reaction to Navasota's display. "Now that is relaxed," she said as she drew her left knee up onto the couch as she turned to face the other two women. Her right knee rolled out to the side.
Lilly groaned as she looked at her sister's well displayed sex. She looked back and forth between the two women several times and groaned softly. "Is this normal or are your two just teasing me?"
Navasota took a sip of wine and caressed her breasts with her free hand. A moment later, she said, "We're teasing ourselves and you."
"A game of chicken or the egg," Rose said cryptically.
"So, I'm the chicken?" Lilly asked.
"More like the egg," Navasota said with a grin.
"But we will crack that shell sooner or later," Rose said grinning at her sister.
Lilly groaned and let both her knees fall open. Her hips flexed up and down slowly as she watched Navasota lick her lips. "I think I see a crack in that shell," Rose said softly.
Navasota nodded and licked her lips again. "I wonder how big that crack would get if I moved the coffee table and knelt down in front of her?"
"I'm not sure about the size of the crack but I'd bet on a large mess on your sofa," Rose said.
"That is why I keep the washable covers on all the furniture," Navasota said as she moved her foot back to the carpet. She stood up and moved toward the coffee table. Rose leaned forward and picked up the wine bottle.
Lilly's eyes grew wide as she moved the coffee table out of the way. Her mouth dropped open as Navasota knelt down in front of her. Warm hands on her knees made her gasp. The contrast between Navasota's dark skin and her white legs made her groan.
Rose chuckled and sipped her wine. Placing the wine bottle on the side table, she turned and looked at her sister. "She's too frozen to do anything," she said a moment later.
"I think I know a way to thaw her out," Navasota said as she leaned forward and licked the top of Lilly's thigh.
Lilly's eyes followed the pink tongue as it glided along her skin. As it lifted off her skin, she finally found her voice and gasped loudly. The dark hands pressed down on her knees as Navasota's face moved sideways and her hot wet tongue took a lick up the inside of a thigh.
That dark head between her thighs stunned Lilly and then she felt the tongue on her inner thigh. That sent her mind into a tight spin as she started to come. Her knees came up as her hips rolled up. A hot lick ran up her slit and over her clit.
The orgasm shot up higher as Lilly's eyes rolled back in her head.
Chapter 09: Crash landing
Lilly groaned deeply as her eyes fluttered open. She was still sitting on the couch with her knees wide apart. The room was empty. Her mind was a little fuzzy. More like a lot fuzzy. Navasota had licked her pussy. That thought kept circling around in her brain. Her mind kept showing her a mental picture of that pink tongue.
She groaned again and sat up. Where was her sister and Navasota? Her wine glass was sitting on the side table but the wine bottle was gone. It took her three tries to stand up. No one was in the kitchen. Had they gone to bed? How long had she been out of it?
She picked up her wine glass and downed what was in it. She sat the glass down and turned toward the hall. The first door was the bathroom. The second door was only partially open. The light was on in what appeared to be a bedroom.
Several soft whimpers and moans reached her ears. It sounded like her sister. She eased the door open wider and gasped as she saw Navasota laying on the bed with her legs spread wide. Her bright pink slit was shocking against her dark skin.
Her head was between her sister's legs and moving around slowly. Rose had her hands on her breasts. She was massaging them one moment and pulling on her nipples the next. Her eyes were tightly closed and her mouth was open as she breathed heavily.
Lilly groaned deeply as she realized Navasota was eating her sister's pussy. The words Navasota eating pussy made her sex clench up tightly. One lick had knocked her out. What would it be like if she was doing what she was doing to her sister to her? She groaned again.
Navasota lifted her head and looked over her shoulder. "So you're back in the land of the living," she said with a smile.
"I, I, I," Lilly stammered. She could feel a hot blush on her face.
Rose made a sound of frustration and opened her eyes. "I, I was so close," she said.
Navasota laughed and turned her had. It dipped down and Rose's hips gave a jerk. "I can get you back there as fast or as slow as I want to," she said and licked Rose's clit again.
Rose's hands found Navasota's head. "Slow, please, slow," she said as she pushed on the dark woman's forehead.
Navasota turned and looked at Lilly. "You wanted to know about sex between women? Come over here and lay down next to me. I'll give you a demonstration."
Lilly didn't move but her hands came up to massage her breasts. Navasota patted the bed next to her. Lilly groaned as she walked to the end of the bed and crawled up next to Navasota. As she laid down, Navasota licked one of her sister's outer lips and then the other.
Rose's hips fluttered up and down. "Your sister likes for her orgasm to build until she can't stand it so it is slow and easy," Navasota said before she leaned in and took a slow lick right up the center of Rose's slit. Rose groaned deeply as her hips rose up higher.
Navasota took her time teasing and pleasing Rose. Her hips were starting to shake as they arched up as high as they would go. Suddenly, Navasota cupped an ass cheek in each hand and plunged her tongue straight into Rose's vagina.
Rose let out a yell as her hips flexed up and down rapidly. She was fucking herself on Navasota's tongue. Lilly's eyes were wide and her mouth hung open as she watched. Her sex was clenched up so tight that it hurt. Rose was coming.
Navasota pulled her head back, lowered Rose's hips, and sucked on Rose's clit. Rose came unglued. She was thrashing around and yelling as her orgasm went even higher. She was trying to push Navasota's head away from her sex but it wasn't happening.
In the end, Navasota sucked on Rose's clit hard and raised her head. Rose's clit came out of her mouth with a loud slurping sound. Rose's hips were still jerking as Navasota lowered her ass to the bed. She looked over at Lilly and licked her hips. "She'll be out of it for a little while. Would you like a little more wine?'
Lilly closed her mouth. A moment later, she said, "You, uh. She, uh." She paused to blink several times. "Uh, yeah, wine sounds good but my glass is in the living room."
Navasota chuckled. "We'll need to open a fresh bottle so...." She wiggled down to the end of the bed and stood up. Her eyes roamed up and down Lilly's body. "Why don't you scoot over and try a little taste of your sister's sweet pussy. I won't tell her if you don't."
Lilly's eyes darted to her sister's sex. She licked her lips and then groaned as she shook her head. "I, I couldn't," she whispered a moment later.
Navasota sighed. "I had to give you the chance. Grab the glasses off the nightstand and come give me a hand with the wine." With that said, she turned and left the bedroom.
Lilly laid there looking at her sister's open wet sex. Thoughts of licking it ran around and round in her brain. She licked her lips several times and then groaned as she rolled to the side of the bed and stood up.
She turned and looked at her sister all sprawled out on the bed. Her eyes were closed but her breathing was almost back to normal. She didn't seem to be totally out of it as Lilly had been earlier but.... Lilly made a soft whimpering sound as she grabbed the two glasses off the nightstand and headed for the kitchen.
Navasota had the wine open and was sipping on a fresh glass. "Pour you and Rose a glass," she said with a smile.
When Lilly finished, she looked at the tall black woman and shivered. "Why did you want me to lick my sister?"
Navasota shrugged. "It sounded like a good idea at the time."
Lilly picked up her glass and took a sip. Looking at Navasota over the rim of the glass she asked, "Do we taste the same or different?"
Navasota shrugged again. "I didn't really get a good taste of you so I really don't know."
Lilly shivered and sipped her wine again. "I would have died if you had licked me the way you licked her."
Navasota laughed. "Not even close. Came even harder than you did yes but no dieing."
"Who's dying?" Rose asked from the hallway exit.
"No one that I know of," Navasota said with a wink in Lilly's direction.
Rose walked over to stand next to her sister. She picked up her wine glass and took a swallow. As she sat the glass down, she sighed and looked at her sister. "Why didn't you lick me? I would have licked you in a heartbeat if I got the chance."
"You, you were awake?" Lilly asked quickly.
Rose grinned. "More or less. I was on cloud nine but.... I felt like I was dreaming and one of my big fantasies was about to come true."
Lilly groaned and whispered, "I thought about it but...."
"Thoughts are a good start," Navasota said with a grin.
Lilly looked at Navasota and whispered, "Talk about thoughts and fantasies."
"Such a deal I have for you," Navasota said softly.
Rose looked at her sister and asked, "Her eating you or you eating her?"
"Yes," Lilly said with a deep blush.
"Ever heard of sixty nine?" Navasota asked and Lilly nodded her head.
"After we finish our wine," Rose said as she looked from one young woman to the other. They were grinning at each other.
Chapter 10: Sixty Nine
Rose led her sister toward the bedroom by her hand. They each had a wine glass in their hand. Navasota led the way with her glass and the wine bottle. The two sister paused in the bedroom door as they watched Navasota crawl up on the bed.
They both groaned as she paused in the center of the bed. Her head went down as she shifted her knees wide apart. Navasota had a grin on her face as she looked over her shoulder at the two women. She knew exactly what they could see of her sex, which was everything.
Lilly made a soft whimpering sound and her sister looked at her. "See something you'd like to try?"
"I, I, I," Lilly stammered quickly.
Rose laughed as she let go of her sister's hand. She walked over and sat her wine glass on the nightstand. She leaned over and took the wine glass and bottle from Navasota and placed them on the nightstand.
Looking at Lilly, Rose said, "Bring me your wine glass."
Lilly shivered as her eyes jumped from Navasota's bright pink sex to her sister's face. Her eyes dropped to the wine glass in her hand and she took a sip as she walked over by her sister. She handed Rose the glass and looked at Navasota's raised and tilted ass.
"Why don't you climb on the bed and sit up by the headboard," Rose said to her sister.
"I, uh, I," Lilly stammered and then groaned as she climbed up on the bed.
Navasota came up on her hands and knees and backed up. She patted the bed in front of her and said, "Right here would be perfect."
Lilly moved to the center of the bed and sat down facing the black girl. Her knees were raised and spread apart, her feet on each side of Navasota's upper body. Navasota's face was right in front of her wet and open sex.
"My, oh, my, but someone is wet to their knees," Navasota whispered softly.
Rose chuckled and walked to the foot of the bed. She climbed up behind her friend. "She's not the only one," she whispered as she lowered her head and took a lick from just above Navasota's open vagina to her tailbone.
Navasota made a soft growling sound and moved forward enough that her tongue could flick back and forth over Lilly's swollen clit. Lilly gasped and moved her hands to push the older woman's head away from her sex.
The only problem was that Navasota moved farther forward as Rose licked the crack of her ass again. She sucked Lilly's clit between her lips and gave it a tongue lashing. Lilly ended up pulling and not pushing as she started to come long and hard.
Lilly was out of it but somewhere in the back of her mind, someone was trying to push her knees apart. She took a deep noisy breath and opened her eyes to see Navasota's head trapped between her thighs. With a groaning moan, she opened her legs.
Navasota took several deep breaths and chuckled. "For such a small girl, she sure has strong thighs."
Rose lifted her head from the cleft of her friend's ass and said, "Roll that bodacious body over."
Navasota laughed. "Am I sitting on your face or are you sitting on mine?"
"Yes," Rose said as she crawled across Navasota's body and spun around until her sex was right above Navasota's face. As she lowered her sex, she planted her face in her friend's sex. They had a perfect sixty nine going.
Lilly watched them in a distracted sort of way. She was floating in an endorphin inducted dreamy state. They were both moaning and whimpering as one got in a good lick on the other. After a while, Navasota arched up and let out a long drawn out moaning groan as she came and kept right on coming.
This made Lilly smile. "She'd had her first girl on girl sex and it was great. Her sister rolled over on her back and both women just lay there breathing hard. Lilly scooted sideways and picked up a wine glass. She sipped it slowly as she watched her sister and Navasota recover.
Finally, Rose sat up and looked at Lilly sipping wine. She grinned and crawled over to get a glass of her own. She ended up laying across her sister's outstretched legs. Navasota came up onto her elbows and looked at the two next to her.
"Someone pass me a glass, please," she said a moment later.
Rose had to move a bit for Lilly to reach the last glass. She passed it along to Navasota. Rose groaned as she moved to the side of the bed and picked up the wine bottle. She topped off her glass, Lilly's glass, and then turned to do the same for Navasota who had moved to sit next to Lilly.
I think we outdid ourselves," Lilly whispered softly.
Rose laughed and looked at Navasota. "The night is young yet."
Lilly looked at her sister quickly. "I, uh, I," she said softly and then groaned as she thought about licking someone's pussy. Her eyes jumped to Navasota and then moved slowly back to her sister. Both, her mind whispered softly and she groaned deeply.
Navasota chuckled. "I think our little newbie is getting ideas of her own."
"I won't complain believe me," Rose said looking into her sister's eyes.
"She's too short to sixty nine with either of us," Navasota pointed out.
Rose nodded and said, "Since you've had the chance to give her a few licks, I think it's my turn."
Navasota shook her head. "Rose, you've never just given a few licks in your life. You're like that chaffer guy, it's the whole meal deal or nothing."
Rose chuckled and said, "If either of us sat on her face, she'd smother."
"Then I guess, we both lay on the bed and see what she does," Navasota said with a grin in Lilly's direction.
Rose took Lilly's wine glass and sat both on the side table. Navasota chuckled as she rolled the opposite way and sat her glass on the opposite side table. She rolled back and looked at Rose. "Lets assume the position."
Navasota wiggled down in the bed as Rose got up and walked down to the foot of the bed and sat down. They both ended up on their backs with their asses right on the edge of the bed. There feet were up beside their asses and wide open.
When Lilly didn't move, her sister turned her head and said, "Do I need to send you an invitation in writing?"
"What? Uh, I," Lilly said.
Navasota laughed and said, "Get your skinny little ass to the foot of the bed and get on your knees."
Lilly moaned deeply and crawled down between the two woman and off the end of the bed. She turned around and came up on her knees. Her eyes were darting back and forth from one well displayed sex to the other. She groaned and shook her head.
Rose made a growling sound and said, "Don't make me come down there."
Lilly looked at her sister's face and then took a deep breath. As she let it out, her eyes dropped to her sister's open sex. "Slow and easy, her mind said as she remember how Navasota had licked Rose.
The moment of truth, she thought as she leaned forward and teased the inside of Rose's thigh with the tip of her tongue. The smell of her sister's sex was strong with her nose so close to it. The flavor on the inner thigh got stronger and spicier as she licked higher.
She was almost to her sister's outer lips when she reversed direction. Rose groaned deeply and said, "She, she's going to chicken out."
"Fuck no, I'm not," Lilly said loudly as her head shot forward, her lips closed over her sister's clit, and she sucked on it. Rose gasped loudly as her hips jumped upward. When Lilly's tongue started to give her a tongue lashing, her hips went the other way.
As Rose's ass touched the bed and had nowhere else to go, her hands jumped to her sister's head but she couldn't decide whether to push or pull so she just held it. In less than a minute, Rose's hips started to bounce up and down.
Navasota chuckled and said, "I think that's one hell of a lip lock your sister has on you."
Rose's eyes flew open. Her mouth opened but no sound came out. Her hands were pulling on her sister's head. She was so close to coming but not quite there yet. Lilly suddenly lifted her head and looked at her sister. "No! No, don't stop. Please don't stop," Rose yelled.
Lilly grinned. "What would you like for me to do?"
"Eat my pussy," Rose said loudly.
The next thing Rose knew, her sister had her face buried in her pussy and was licking everywhere. A minute or so later, Rose's hips were arched up as high as they would go and she was coming like mad at the thought of her sister eating her pussy.
Chapter 11: The Aftermath
A hand in her hair pulled Lilly's face away from her sister's pussy. "She's had enough," Navasota said.
Lilly lifted her head and glanced at the black woman. Her eyes went back to her sister's sex and she licked her lips. Navasota chuckled. "How does her pussy taste as compared to your own?"
Lilly groaned softly and looked around. "Spicier," she said and looked back at her sister. Rose's ass was back on the bed and she had her hands on her breasts massaging them.
"Yeah, you knocked her socks off. I've never seen her come so hard so fast," Navasota said.
Lilly looked at her and grinned. "It must have been the who more than the what, since I had no idea what I was doing."
"Did you come when she did?" Navasota asked.
Lilly gave her a funny look. "Uh, no. Was I supposed too?"
"You were more focused on her reaction than your own," Navasota pointed out.
Lilly thought a moment and nodded. "That sounds right but why?"
"She challenged you for one thing," the older woman replied.
Lilly chuckled. "Yeah she did and yeah, I answered the challenge. She wasn't expecting that."
Navasota chuckled. "Neither was I to tell the truth."
Lilly took a deep breath and turned to knee walk over in front of the black woman. "Maybe you should give me some pointers," she said as she put her hands on the dark thighs in front of her.
Navasota groaned softly as she leaned back on her elbows and drew her feet up next to her ass. Before she rolled her knees out to the side, she said, "Look things over, think about what you like when you are being licked, and then make a plan. Remember it is as much teasing as it is anything."
As Navasota's knees slowly opened, Lilly looked at the bright pink slit in front of her. She made a whimpering sound as she looked and thought about what she liked. She didn't have much to draw on but....
Lilly took a deep breath and leaned her upper body forward. She paused to take in a deep breath through her nose. Navasota smelled sweeter and not as strong as her sister had. She placed her hands on the woman's inner thighs close to her knees.
She took a lick along one inner thigh and then the other. Back and forth she went, her tongue drawing nearer and nearer to the bright pink slit open in front of her face. Close up, she could see that the edges of her inner lips had a dark band along them. She teased one and then the other.
Navasota's hips flexed ever so slightly when she did. She sucked one inner lip into her mouth and held suction on it as she ran her tongue all over it. The taste was sweeter but still had a spicy flavor under the sweetness. Something from earlier in the night crossed her mind and she chewed the lip gently.
With a loud gasp, Navasota's hands found the white woman's head. Lilly swapped inner lips and treated it the same way. When she chewed lightly this time, Navasota groaned deeply. She released the inner lip and ran her tongue up and down the bottom of the bright pink slit. It had a stronger flavor close to her opening.
Lilly shivered as she lowered her head and explored the hot wet opening. Navasota's hips flexed up higher, jamming her tongue deeper. With a deep groan of her own, Lilly attacked her opening. Navasota's hips took up a rocking motion.
Lilly was whimpering loudly as she licked and tongued the black woman's pussy with the same rhythm as her hips. Suddenly, Navasota's hands were pulling on her head. She let the hands guide her up to the bright pink clit at the top of her slit.
With a whining moan, Lilly sucked the clit into her mouth and gave it a tongue lashing. Navasota let out a yell and arched her hips up. Lilly never missed a beat with her tongue.
Lilly felt the hands pushing on her head. She lifted it up and licked her lips as she looked up along the mahogany skin. Navasota had her eyes closed and her lower lip trapped between her teeth.
A groan from next to her made Lilly turn her head. "I, I can't believe you did that to both of us."
The next thing she knew, her sister was kissing her with a lot of tongue and passion. Lilly groaned into her sister's mouth and gave into the kiss.
*****
Lilly was laying on her back next to Navasota. Rose was laying on her stomach on the other side. "Navasota groaned and said, "She understands eating pussy now."
Rose chuckled and said, "What was your first clue."
"You both going boom," Lilly whispered softly.
"I got a lot more finesse than you did," Navasota whispered.
"I got an unexpected attack," Rose said in her own defense.
"Didn't you though," Lilly said with a grin on her face.
Navasota groaned as she got up on her elbows. "She needs more practice but she is pretty dangerous to anyone not expecting it."
"More experience will give her more finesse," Rose said as she rolled over on her back.
"What she needs is someone to show her what really getting her little pussy ate is all about. Wesley relies too much on that long ass tongue of his," Navasota said as she looked at Rose.
Rose shivered and sat up. "In his case, that is all he needs."
"Why don't you slide off the bed and show her exactly what it is like for one woman to lick another," Navasota said with a grin in Lilly's direction.
Lilly's eyes grew wide as she watched her sister slide down onto the floor. "I, Uh, I," Lilly stammered and then found herself being pulled down closer to the foot of the bed. "I'll go boom faster than you did," she said to her sister.
Rose grinned as she picked her sister's feet up and sat them on the edge of the bed by Lilly's ass. "If you do, then I sit back and wait for you to recover before I do you again."
Lilly groaned and was going to say no but Navasota kissing her, cut her off. The kiss wasn't passionate exactly but it was stimulating. A hand caressing her breasts added to the distraction. A moment later, her hips jerked as her sister started to tease her outer lips and mound.
She didn't come instantly. It took a lot more time that she ever thought it would. Her orgasm would build and then her sister would change up what she was doing. It would build up again. Navasota would pinch her nipples ever so often, which distracted her even more.
When the orgasm did break over her mind and body, it was all encompassing.
*****
Lilly came back to earth still laying on Navasota's bed. Her knees were still spread wide and she was holding her head with both hands. Her face was flushed big time. As her ragged breathing slowed, she whispered, "Holy shit!"
A moment later, she thought about how she felt after Wesley got through with her on her bed. She groaned and whispered, "I think things have come full circle."
*****
Lilly never saw the young woman from the party again but that didn't really matter. Being bisexual was the best of both worlds and she took full advantage of it.