See that man sitting over there. The one in the half booth with all the women gathered around him. That's the guy. There's not much special about him. He's not much to look at. His hair is on the longish side but his face is nicely symmetrical. He doesn't have an athlete's body but he's in fair shape. He doesn't dress fashionably but his jeans are clean and his shirt has a collar. He's even wearing loafers with white socks. He's as ordinary looking as they come, so why is he surrounded by attractive women and some not so attractive as well.
My name is Peggy. I've been sitting here, at the bar in the pub, watching him with interest. I can't explain why I'm watching him. I haven't a chance in a thousand of ever getting close to him let alone talking to him. Look at all the women around him. How would a skinny, flat-chested introvert like me ever have shot of even saying "hello?"
As I said, my name is Peggy. I'm twenty-four years old and I've never been laid. Hell, I've never even had a date. I'm five foot, nine inches tall and about thirty-five pounds underweight for my height. Twiggy was obese by comparison. My hair is mousy brown and cut short and my breasts are almost non-existent. I mean, I have small bumps where most women have breasts and small flat nipples in the middle of them. It's not an exaggeration to say that an A cup bra is too large. I've seen men with larger tits. Otherwise, I'm not hard to look at. I've been told if I added thirty or forty pounds I'd be in the game and my tits would also be larger but I just can't gain weight. I've never been heavy. I eat copious amounts of just about everything and I don't add pounds.
So, I'm sitting here at the bar in the pub, alone on a weekend night, drinking a lime cosmopolitan, watching a average guy who's an above average chick magnet and wondering what he has that women are drawn to that I don't have to draw men to me. I keep looking back at him. Every time I do, I can hardly see him through his female posse.
The last time I looked at him, the crowd parted and he was looking back at me. I turned away quickly. "Shit," I thought, "he's caught me looking. I must look pathetic sitting here alone and looking at him." I resolved to finish my drink, pay my tab and walk home. "I'm not going to look in his direction again. I'm just not going to look."
But I looked anyway. He's looking at me. He's alone. The women are gone. It's just him and he's looking at me. I look around. There's no one else near me. He has to be looking at me. Why the hell is he looking at me?
I'm caught. I can't look away and he keeps looking at me. He smiles, waves me to come over to the booth and he pats the seat next to him as if I could possibly sit next to him. But I do. I pick up my glass, walk over to the table and sit next to him.
"Welcome," he says. "I'm Lonnie and you're ...?"
When I find my voice, I say, "Peggy."
"Well, hi Peggy. Nice to meet you."
"You're not talking about me. Nobody's ever glad to meet me."
"I am and I am, happy to meet you that is."
"How can that be?" I asked incredulously.
"Take a walk with me and I'll explain," Lonnie said as he stood up and offered me his hand. He waved to the bartender to put my bill on his tab as he led me out of the pub and turned left. We walked side by side in the dark through the circles of light provided by the street lamps. At the third light, I stopped and asked, "Where are we going?"
"Just a few more blocks," he said. "I promise you'll be safe."
We walked three blocks further and Lonnie stopped in front of an attached townhome with a small stoop. He stepped up, opened the door and beckoned to me to enter.
"What's this?" I asked.
"This is where we were headed," he said. "I live here. I'd like you to come inside and talk."
I was a nervous as I'd ever been. I wasn't sure I could climb the two steps or walk inside. This was a new and extremely unsettling experience for me. I'm being invited into a man's home. Me. This is not possible in my world.
"Just talk?" I asked.
"Just talk and nothing else you don't want to do," Lonnie said.
"Okay," I said without conviction. I don't know who was more nervous, me or me.
Lonnie showed me inside and up a flight of stairs to a living room furnished with a comfortable looking couch and two side chairs. He led me to the sofa and suggested I sit.
"Can I get you something to drink?" he asked. "I have beer, wine and a number of after dinner drinks."
I couldn't think clearly. I didn't trust my voice either. "I'll have what you're having," I whispered.
While Lonnie was in the kitchen, I looked around the room. There was a small coffee table in front of the sofa and glass topped side tables alongside each of the side chairs. A huge flat panel television hung on the wall opposite the sofa and a black stereo system on a low table below the TV. There were a number of modern style art works on the walls including at least two nudes.
Lonnie returned with two snifters about one-third full of a dark liquid. He handed me one and sat on the sofa beside me. He offered his glass to me. I held up mine and we touched the short stemmed balloon glasses lightly against each other. I took a small sip.
"What is this?" I asked.
"It's spiced rum. I hope you like it."
"It's very nice. Thank you."
"You're welcome and thanks for accepting my invitation."
"I have to admit I'm a little confused by all this. I mean your invitation, your home and your hospitality."
"Confused? I have no intension of confusing you. Only treating a beautiful woman the way she deserves to be treated," Lonnie said convincingly.
"That's more confusing. I'm not beautiful. Quite the opposite."
"I disagree."
"I mean, just look at me."
"Okay."
"Okay? What does that mean?"
"It means I'm willing to look at you."
"Nothing in this conversation is clarifying anything for me," I said.
"Okay then. Let me demonstrate."
Lonnie stood up and moved the coffee table to the side of the room and sat down again.
"Stand up," he said.
"Stand up. Why?"
"So I can look at you."
"Why would I want to have you look at me?"
"Because you asked me to," he clarified.
"I guess I did," I said pensively.
"So you're going to stand up?" he asked.
I stood up and faced him.
He looked at me approvingly. "Turn around. Slowly."
I tried to stare him down without effect. "What the hell," I thought as I turned around. Slowly.
"Very nice. Very nice. Beautiful," he said.
I stood in front of him bewildered. "How can you say that? I've never been 'beautiful' and I have no illusions about it."
"Ah," he said, "but I beg to differ. No one should judge themselves. I suggest you leave it to others to discover your beauty and, tonight, I qualify. I declare that you are beautiful."
"How can that be? Just look at me. I'm flat chested. Can't you see that I don't have any tits at all?"
"No, I can't."
"You can't what?"
"I can't see you haven't any tits."
"Look again."
"I would if you'd show them to me."
"You want me to take off my shirt and show you my breasts?"
"You offered. I'm just willing to do as you want."
I looked at him for any hint of irony. I found none. "Shit," I thought. "A man wants to see my tits. How can I expose my miniscule tits without embarrassing myself and possibly him as well?" While I was thinking my hands made the decision for me. When I looked down, half of the buttons on my blouse were already unbuttoned. I continued to unbutton my blouse and then pulled it from the waistband of my skirt. I took it off, folded it neatly and laid it on the arm of the sofa.
I looked into his eyes as I reached behind me to unhook my bra. There was no smile or smirk. Just the face of a man about to see a woman's breasts for the first time.
I took off my bra and tossed on top of my blouse on the sofa arm. "There," I said. I told you they were unremarkable."
"To the contrary. They're quite remarkable."
"Explain please," I said.
"They're perfectly round and placed exquisitely on your chest. Your nipples are perfectly sized and in the center. They stand out nicely. They're begging to touched and kissed."
"Are you suggesting you want to touch my breasts and kiss them as well?"
"No. I'm only suggesting what any man worthy of the name would want unless you want me to. I do think that touching them would prove my point to both of us."
I stared at him in disbelief. I looked away before I revealed my feelings. I actually thought if he saw my breasts, he'd cut the evening short and send me home. Here I was, in deeper than I ever imagined. I didn't know what to do next. I looked at him again and he patted the sofa next to him. I sat down, half facing him.
Lonnie handed me my snifter again and I took a long swallow. The rum warmed my mouth, throat and down deep inside me. He shifted closer to me and reached his right hand out toward my left breast. I tensed and closed my eyes. I didn't know what to expect. I'd touched my breasts thousands of times but this was different. I had no idea how different.
When his fingertips touched my nipple, I involuntarily inhaled and held my breath. He pretended not to notice as he rubbed a small circle around my nipple and then cupped the rest of my breast with his palm. He put his left hand on the back of my neck and pressed his palm into my breast. I almost fainted it felt so good.
I let out a deep sigh when I couldn't hold my breath any longer and Lonnie moved my head in his direction and kissed me tenderly on my lips. I closed my eyes and kissed him back. I know this is unbelievable but I had the first orgasm of my life I hadn't given myself during that first kiss.
I was lost. I knew I would do anything Lonnie asked me to do. I wanted to do anything Lonnie asked me to do. I'd volunteer if he didn't ask. I knew that first tiny shiver of orgasm was only the beginning. I wanted more of them and larger ones as well. I was not going to let this opportunity pass without a fight.
The fight was internal. Nothing in my experience had prepared me for this moment. Nothing I had fantasized was even close. I opened my eyes and his face was inches from mine. "Are you okay?" he asked.
I answered him by reaching up, pulling him into me and kissing him a second time. When the kiss ended, he kissed my neck, my shoulder and down my chest. I closed my eyes, put my head back and took a deep breath as his lips approached my right breast. The sensations I felt only multiplied. I leaned back further as his hands and lips caressed both my breasts.
A few minutes later, Lonnie sat up. I opened my eyes and looked at him with a new understanding. "Have I convinced you?" he asked.
"I'm getting there," I answered.
"Do you want to show me the rest of you?" he asked.
Did I want to? Nothing was going to stop me. I discarded everything my mother had warned me about men and jumped in. I didn't care if I was over my head. Lonnie was going to save me. Lonnie was going to complete me. Lonnie was going to fuck me.
I stood up, kicked off my two inch heels and reached for the button on my skirt.
"Slowly," he said.
Slowly it was. I unbuttoned my skirt as slowly and exquisitely as I could. I really didn't care if I was doing seductive properly. It was okay if I thought so. I found the zipper and lowered it. I used both hands to slide my skirt down my thighs, using them to keep it from falling too fast as well as pushing it down.
When I had my skirt down to my knees, I let it fall and stepped out of it. I picked it up, folded it and placed it top of my other clothing. I faced Lonnie again. I put my thumbs into the waistband of my panties and pulled slightly out on both sides. I turned around slowly, holding my panties. When I faced him again, Lonnie was smiling broadly and clapping silently. His reaction gave me more than enough confidence to remove my panties. For the first time in my life, my unshaven, untrimmed, pubis was visible to a man. I stepped out of the left side my panties and, with my right foot, kicked them up toward Lonnie.
He caught them in one hand, placed them on his nose and inhaled deeply with his eyes closed.
I sat back on the sofa before I fainted. When he opened his eyes, I was sitting, naked, on his sofa sipping the spiced rum. He leaned in, took the snifter from my hand and placed it on the back of the sofa. He placed his hand on my thigh and left it there.
I moved slightly closer to him and, with his hand still on my thigh, began to unbutton his shirt.
He nodded. He took his hand off my thigh and helped remove his shirt. He stood in front of me, close enough for me to touch him and kicked off his shoes. I looked up at him. He looked down at me and mouthed, "Please."
I unbuckled his belt and undid it. I unbuttoned his jeans and unzipped his fly. He stood unsteadily, using one hand on my head, as I removed his pants one leg at a time. He was wearing green Haines briefs. I was frozen looking at the last piece of clothing between me and a live naked man. This wasn't a picture in a Wikipedia article. There was a real penis behind the curtain.
Lonnie noticed my hesitation and snapped the elastic on his briefs with one finger. I woke up, reached up and began to pull down his underwear. I got it over his backside but it caught on his erection. "Oh my God," I thought. "He has an erection."
Anxious to see my first live erection, I pulled the briefs down forcefully. His penis bent down and then sprung up, barely missing my nose. I laughed with the jolt of adrenaline. Lonnie finished removing his briefs as I recovered.
I looked up into Lonnie's eyes and then at his erect penis and testicles underneath. I looked up again and he nodded. I reached out and wrapped my hand around his cock. It was soft and hard at the same time. It also looked very large even though I knew from my online research it was a normal size. I knew where I wanted it to be but I wondered if it would actually fit.
I looked up at Lonnie again. He smiled at me and pursed his lips, like a kiss. I knew what I wanted to do and he was encouraging me. I had read and seen oral sex on the internet but reality was so much more intimidating. I swallowed, leaned in and kissed the head of his erection. The slight dampness on the tip tasted a little salty, almost good. I leaned in further and kissed it again. I held it in one hand and placed the entire head of his cock in my mouth. I began to slide my hand and mouth up and down while sucking gently. I felt him shiver slightly. I thought his knees weakened slightly and he placed a hand on my head for balance.
I thought it was for balance but he used his hand to guide my efforts. I wrapped my other hand around his hips with my hand on his cheek and pulled him toward me. I slid my mouth down on his erection until I nearly choked. I backed off and took a deep breath before going down again. This time I didn't gag but I stopped when he reached the back of my mouth. The feelings enveloped my entire body. I could feel my vaginal muscles clenching as I sucked. I was afraid I might stain his sofa. I could do this forever.
"Peggy."
I heard Lonnie's voice through my concentration. "If you do that much longer I'm going to have an orgasm."
I heard him but I didn't care. I needed his orgasm more than he did. I increased the tempo and the pressure. I watched his knees lock and his body tense. "Shit," he said as he came in my mouth.
I was surprised at the volume of his release but I recovered quickly and only a small amount dribbled down my chin. It tasted wonderful. When he was done, I released his deflating cock and swirled his deposit around in my mouth before swallowing it.
Lonnie put his hand on the sofa cushion and lowered himself slowly until he was sitting next to me again. "That was exquisite," he said. "Only an exceptionally beautiful woman can be that skilled." He leaned in and kissed me again, this time with an open mouth and his tongue. "Are you ready for your turn?" he asked.
Ready? Damn straight I was ready. I knew exactly what to do just not what to expect. Nothing was going to keep me from finding out.
Lonnie stood carefully and took my hand. I stood and he led me into his bedroom.
Together we pulled the cover off the bed and turned down the top sheet. He came to me, kissed me passionately. He picked me up and put me in the center of the bed. He crawled up next to me, kissed me again on the lips, then on my breasts and then on my navel.
I almost lost control with anticipation as he kissed further down. He moved around, separated my legs and crawled between them. He kissed my inner thighs and higher. He used his fingers to separate my labia and, when he found my clitoris, he kissed it as well. I almost leapt off the bed when he sucked it into his mouth. He held my hips down as he used his tongue, lips and teeth to tease my clitoris.
I couldn't stop the bucking of my body. What was a tiny shiver in the living room was an earthquake in the bedroom. My body froze and my toes curled until they hurt. A flood of liquid flowed down my thighs. Lonnie wasted no time in lapping up as much as he could.
We rested for a few seconds before Lonnie began to kiss my labia again. This time he focused on the opening to my vagina. I could feel his tongue probing my opening and then his fingers sliding into me. The second orgasm wasn't as fierce as the first but I wasn't complaining. I was enjoying every second, every minute, every sensation.
Too soon, Lonnie lifted his face from my vagina. He began to slide up my body. I was disappointed until I felt the tip of his erection against my lips. "Oh yes. Not soon enough," I thought.
Lonnie used one hand on his cock to rub the head through the lubrication between my lips. He then placed his cock at my entrance and looked at me. I looked back. "Yes, please," I said as I raised my legs.
He pushed and I felt his cock slip into me. It fit perfectly. It filled me just right. I felt his pubic bone contact mine. He began to stroke deeply in and out of me. I moved with him pushing hard against him as he pushed hard against me. I went someplace magical. The feeling was almost overwhelming. I wanted more and more. I hoped he never had to stop. I came twice as he pumped his stiff cock inside me. Each time it was like the first time. Each time I completely lost myself in my body.
Eventually, Lonnie spoke to me. "Peggy, I'm going to cum again. Where should I be when it happens?"
I answered him by putting my legs around his hips and squeezing him tightly against me. It was marginal but I felt sure I was safe. Either way, I wasn't going to let the feeling of him cumming inside me escape.
Cum inside me he did. I felt it flow around inside me and slide out of me when he withdrew.
Lonnie lay alongside me on the bed. I kissed him. "Thank you," I said.
"I should thank you. I am honored that such a beautiful woman would give herself to me so totally. You are an undiscovered treasure. Thank you."
"You're just foolish and right at the same time. I owe you for unwrapping the woman within me. I am beautiful in my own way. Thanks to your belief in me I can believe in myself. I'll never be the same again and that's a good thing."
Lonnie offered to get a towel for me to clean up. I refused initially. I wanted to feel the after effects for as long as I could. That ended when I shifted slightly and found the very wet, very cold spot on the sheet. I quickly got up and went into the bathroom.
Later, Lonnie and I sat on his sofa with new glasses of spiced rum. We had showered and dressed and we were just getting to know each other better through conversation. Eventually, I asked him, "Do you do this very often?"
"Do what very often?" he responded.
"You know. Bring women up to your apartment?"
"I don't know what your definition of 'very often' is, but no, just very special women."
"Like the women who hang around you at the table in the pub?"
"Only a few, very few, of them have been here. The rest are just groupies. They follow the leaders. Most of them have no idea why," he told me.
"Like me?"
"You're very special. Unique. I knew I wanted you in my collection as soon as I saw you."
"Your collection?" He had my attention. I could hardly wait to hear how he would explain the use of the word 'collection.'
"Maybe that was a bad choice of words."
"It certainly was. Would you like to explain it to me?"
"Truthfully, I like women. I study women and I want to know everything I can about all of them. That's impossible, so I try to get to know as many different types of women as I can. I learn what I can and keep a diary of sorts to record my impressions and thoughts. How the different types look, think and react. I collect women. Some people collect stamps or baseball cards. I collect women."
"Why me? You could have anyone of the women in the bar anytime you want."
"They're all mostly copies of each other. Clones. Each copy is slightly flawed from the previous one, like copy of a copy of a copy. They're cheaper by the dozen and they don't interest me."
"I interest you?"
"Incredibly. I've never met anyone like you. A beautiful woman who doesn't know her own power. A woman I know will someday flower, like a fall Chrysanthemum and I'll get to watch it happen."
"So, I'm in your collection?"
"Almost."
"Almost?"
"Yes, almost. I still need one thing from you."
"And that is?"
"A picture. No memory is complete without the picture."
"I don't have a picture to give you."
"I can take one if you'd like."
"Now?"
"Why not. I have a perfectly good camera I can get in a minute." Lonnie said.
"How would taking the picture work? I mean, would I have to take off my clothes again?"
"Not if you don't want to. I don't need to have a picture of you unclothed although I'd prefer it."
"What about the pictures of the other women in your collection. How are they dressed? Are they naked?" I asked.
"Most of them."
"Most of them? Some aren't naked?"
"Actually, they're all naked."
"You made them pose naked for you?"
"No. They all volunteered. They took off their clothing without my help."
"What to you do with the pictures?"
"I keep them safe. No one ever sees them except me."
"You don't post them on the internet?"
"Never. That would be violation of their trust in me and my respect for them. I couldn't do that to either of us. Think about it while I go get the camera."
I did think about it. Posing naked for a man I'd just met. I am inclined to do it. I'm not the first and don't think I'll be the last. He's in the bar with those other women and no one seems upset so I'm guessing he keeps his promise to keep the pictures private. What the hell."
I took off my shirt and bra again and was sitting on the sofa when Lonnie returned with a digital reflex camera and a tripod. "I see you've made a decision. Half of one anyway."
"Right," I said as I stood up and removed my skirt and panties. I kept my heels on since I thought they'd help with the shape of my calves. I have no idea why I thought that. I don't have any calves to speak of.
"Okay. Stand over here where the light is better."
I stood where he indicated.
"Now, try to look natural. Try not to be a statue or overly sexual. Just a normal pose like you're waiting in line at the market."
He took several shots from several angles including a close shot of just my head and shoulders. "Thank you. That was perfect. I'll choose two or three for myself and destroy the others."
"That's all?"
"It's official. You're a full fledged member of my collection."
I thought about that as I got dressed for the second time in the last hour.
Lonnie walked me back to my car at the pub. I got in the driver's seat, rolled down the window and he kissed me through the window. I backed out and began the short drive home. My mind was on everything except the driving. I pulled into a nearby bank parking lot, turned off the car and sat thinking about Lonnie, his collection and my being in it.
I was deep in thought with my hand between my legs when something knocked three times on the glass, hard. After I recovered from the adrenalin rush, I rolled down the window. A policeman was shining a flashlight into my face.
"Could you please shine that light lower so I can see you?" I asked.
He did and asked, "Ma'am, what are you doing parked here?"
"Officer, I was driving home and was distracted thinking, so I pulled in here to be safe while I sorted things out."
"Where were you coming from?" he asked.
"The pub about two blocks up."
"Have you been drinking?"
"No. Well maybe a sip of rum about an hour ago."
"Can I see your license and registration, please?"
"Of course," I answered. I found my wallet in my purse and removed the documents and gave them to him. He looked them over for a moment. "Please get out of the car," he said.
I did. He asked me to look at him and he held a pen in front of me. When he moved it side to side, I followed with my eyes. He asked me to walk along a line between the parking spaces and then walk back. Finally, he asked me to raise my arms to the side, close my eyes and touch my nose with my index fingers and then stand on one leg.
"Wait here," he said as he went back to his cruiser. When he came back, he asked me to blow into a tube connected to a device he held in his hand. He looked at the number displayed and sighed. I snuck a peek and saw '0.02%."
"Okay," he said as he handed me back my documents. "You can get back in your car."
When I was back in the car, he leaned on the windowsill and said, "You're parked in a private lot. I'm not sure the bank would approve. You should head home. You only have about a half mile to go."
"Thank you officer, I'll be more aware in the future."
As I backed up and turned to drive past him, he said, "Good Luck."
"Oh, I passed lucky hours ago," I said as I drove away.
A week later, I was back in the bar sitting on my usual stool. I had gained three pounds during the week. I have no idea how. I didn't change my diet, my eating habits or my exercise routine. However, my A-cup bras were fitting better. Actually, as I was getting ready to go out, I stood in front of the mirror examining my breasts feeling pretty good about the changes.
The bartender came over and asked, "Lime cosmo?"
"No. I'll have a double spiced rum," I answered.
"I think we have some of that here somewhere. Give me a minute," she said as she walked away.
The 'Collector' was in his usual booth surrounded by the usual gaggle of women. On a whim, I stood up and walked over to the table. The women parted, like the Red Sea for Moses. I reached the booth, kneeled with one knee on the seat, took Lonnie's chin in one hand and kissed him deeply for about ten seconds. I then returned to my seat at the bar as the now silent mob opened to let me pass.
My drink was waiting for me when I got back. I sat, warming the dark liquid in the bowl with my hands and sipping it occasionally until it was gone. When I turned to leave, Lonnie was alone in the booth and looking at me. I smiled slightly, winked and left.
A month later, I was back in the bar. I was eight pounds heaver. I was wearing one of my two new B-cup bras. The A-cup ones had become too tight. The B-cup ones were a little big yet but I had become a believer and sprung for them. I was spending more time in front of the mirror noticing the differences and squeezing my tits amazement.
I was earlier than usual. The Collector wasn't there yet. When he came in, he saw me, walked to the bar and sat down next to me.
"Hi," he said.
"Hi yourself," I replied.
"You shook up everybody the last time you were here," he said.
"That's the trouble with clones. They're out of touch with reality. You shake up one and they all shake together."
"You're funny, you know," he said.
"Thanks," I replied.
"See you again, soon?" he asked.
"I don't know. Collections suffer from too many duplicates. You should focus on adding new entries."
Lonnie walked to the booth and within minutes the gaggle had formed. I don't know where they came from. I hadn't noticed them in the pub just minutes earlier.
I sat, nursing my spiced rum, trying to ignore the flock surrounding the Collector, when the door opened. The sunlight from the open door shone across the floor until it was dimmed by a shadow. I hadn't heard the door close so I turned to see what was blocking the light. The largest woman I'd ever seen outside of a carnival sideshow was standing in the open door looking around the room. Saying she was large was an understatement. She had longish dark hair hanging down to her shoulders surrounding a round face and thick neck. Her shoulders under her one-piece smock were lineman sized, her biceps were larger than my thighs and her breasts were so large they could double as food aid for a small village. She apparently thought enough of the place to stay and began to walk to the bar as the door closed behind her.
I could hear the nylons she wore as her thighs rubbed together when she walked. She approached the stool next to me, moved it six or eight inches further away from me and sat. The stool took the beating in stride as her cheeks hung over the edge of the seat completely hiding it from view.
The bartender approached her and she ordered a long necked Yuengling Black and Tan.
"Carbs," I thought. "Too many carbs."
When the beer came, she ignored the glass and took a swig direct from the bottle. She looked at me. "Rachael," she said as she put out her hand.
"Peggy," I answered as I took it.
"Nice place," she said.
"I like it," I answered.
She turned, not without some difficulty, to survey the room. "What's the attraction over there?" she asked.
I turned around to see what she was referring to. "That's Lonnie's groupies," I said. "He's in there somewhere."
"Is he famous or something?"
"More infamous, likely," I replied and turned back to the bar.
She turned back as well and we struck up a conversation. She was interesting to talk to and we talked for over an hour. I actually liked her. A lesson for me not to judge a person too quickly.
Rachael looked over her shoulder frequently in Lonnie's direction. She was obviously curious about the gang of women and what drew them to Lonnie. I ignored her interest. At one point she turned around and stared for quite awhile. Why she hadn't turned back got me curious and I turned around as well. Lonnie was sitting alone in the booth. The gaggle had wandered off. I'd see this act before. As expected, Lonnie looked up and then gestured in our direction and patted the seat next to him in the booth.
"He wants you to come over and sit with him," said Rachael.
"Actually, he wants you to come," I said.
"Not possible," she said. "Look at me. No guy ever wants me to sit with him."
"Never-the-less, it's you he wants," I said. "Walk over and find out."
"Never."
"You'll never regret it if you do."
"I'll probably regret if I do."
"Just. Do. It," I said with emphasis.
Rachael looked at me with distain. "Shit," she said. She picked up her beer, slipped off the stood and started toward the booth. I watched and listened as she walked across the room.
Lonnie's initial reaction when Rachael got up was confusion. He hid it well and welcomed her when she reached to booth. He motioned for her to sit down and they began to talk. I watched for a minute or two and then turned back to the bar.
The bartender approached. "He wanted you to come over," she said.
"Been there. Done that," I said.
"Did he take your picture?" she asked.
"Since you asked that question, I assume he took your picture as well."
"He did. Bye the way, I'm Blaze," she said.
"Blaze. Interesting name. I'm Peggy."
"Hi Peggy. Blaze is really a stage name. I dance at the gentlemen's club up the street during the day. I bartend part time for extra money and a chance to meet fetish free men."
"Hi Blaze. Interesting combination of professions. After dancing naked in front of so many men I assume you have some embarrassing moments outside of the club."
"Occasionally, one of the oglers wanders in here and creates a problem but John, the owner, is a big guy and he usually sets them straight quickly. Between the two, the money's good. You should try it."
"Me. Nobody wants to watch me strip and I can't mix drinks worth a damn."
"Don't sell yourself short. I know dozens of men who would climb over the tables to get a better look at you."
"I'll think about it," I said. "No I won't," I thought.
Blaze and I watched as Rachael and Lonnie walked out of the bar together.
Four months later, I was back on the night the Collector frequented. My physician told me I was at an average weight for my height. I was decked out in a new wardrobe. My old clothing was too tight and I was forced to replace much of it. I opted for more stylish clothing. Nothing trendy, just less conservative. I was also wearing a new half bra that pushed up my C-cup tits and created a cleavage that showed between the opening of my blouse with the top three buttons undone.
I was using slightly more makeup than before as well. I spent some time with a professional makeup technician and he taught me some interesting things that I was experimenting with. The overall effect pleased me and I hoped it pleased others as well.
Over the last few months, I noticed more men approaching me and attempting idle conversation. A few had actually hit on me. It was an interesting change for me and I found I could be selective. I was sitting in my usual spot, warming another snifter of spiced rum in my palms when a cute guy walked into the bar and looked around. He looked younger than I. Maybe on college break or cruising after work. He was dressed in a clean denim shirt, clean jeans, white socks and Nikes. His hair was short and roughly parted and he was clean-shaven.
He noticed me sitting at the bar, walked over and sat down next to me. This was not unusual. It was happening every time I came into the pub. "Hi, I'm Ron," he said. "What'cha drinkin'?"
"I don't think you'll like it," I told him.
When Blaze came over, she gave me the smile and eyes combination that said, "If you don't get lucky send him my way." "What's your poison?" she asked Ron.
"I'll have what she's having," he said pointing toward me.
"You may regret it," I offered.
"Regret isn't my usual emotion," he said.
When Blaze brought him his drink, he took a sip and said, "Oh. What is this stuff?"
"I told you so," I said.
"I didn't say I regretted it. I just want to know what it is. I think I could get used to it, especially with your help."
"Not real smooth but at least he's trying," I thought. "Okay," I said. "I'm Peggy. What brings you in here?"
"Just passin' by. Lonely. Lookin' for company. When I saw you I knew my day had gotten better."
I have no idea why I found him entertaining. We sat there for over an hour talking and drinking spiced rum. Blaze watched from the other end of the bar. I think she was hoping I'd kiss him off and she could step in and save his day. She looked disappointed when we left the bar together.
I live about three quarters of a mile from the pub and I made Ron walk the entire way. Back in my apartment, after he made the usual inane comments about the décor, I moved the coffee table and made him stand in front of me while I sat on the sofa. It's incredible how pliable men are when their brains suffer from lack of blood and sufficient oxygen.
"Stand there," I said pointing to a spot in front of me. Ron stood where I indicated.
"Now turn around, slowly." He did.
"Again." He did again.
I stood up in front of him. I don't know what he expected when I reached up and started to unbutton his shirt. When he reached up to touch me, I said, "No touching. Yet. I'll tell you when. Meanwhile, just stand still and let me do my thing."
I unbuttoned his shirt completely and pulled the tail from the waistband of his jeans. I pushed it off his shoulders and pulled the sleeves, one after another, until I had it off completely. I tossed it behind me on the sofa. He was wearing a white crew necked t-shirt under his shirt. Soon, I had it off over his head and on the sofa as well.
His chest was hairless. When I ran my hands over it, I didn't feel any stubble. He wasn't shaving his chest; he didn't have hair on it.
I sat on the edge of the sofa, reached out and began to unbuckle his belt. I slipped it from the loops in his jeans until I had it free. It joined the shirts on the sofa. Then I changed the game a little. I got down on the floor and untied his left Nike. I lifted his leg and slipped it from his foot. He did an excellent job keeping his balance without reaching to steady himself on my head. I repeated the action with his other foot and then went back for the crew socks, one at a time.
With his feet bare, I sat back on the edge of the sofa and reached for the button on his jeans. I felt his body stiffen slightly from either nervousness or anticipation when I slipped the button from its hole. With the button undone, I gripped the zipper pull with one hand, the waistband above the zipper with other, and began to slowly unzip the fly of his jeans. When I looked up, he had his eyes closed. Exactly the reaction I was hoping for.
When I had the zipper all the way down, I separated his jeans and began to pull them down his legs. When they slipped over his ass, they pulled down his underwear slightly. I paused long enough to pull the underwear back up toward his waist. When I had his pants down to his knees, I pushed each leg individually down on his calves. I lifted his left leg and pulled the pant leg off. The right leg followed and the jeans ended in a pile on the sofa with his other clothing.
He was wearing dark blue briefs. They looked good on him and they accentuated his package nicely. I dragged my fingernails over and then up and down his junk through the briefs.
"Turn around," I said.
As he turned, I dragged my fingernails over his hips and cheeks until they rested on his pent up manhood again. I hefted his balls in my hand through the underwear and sat back on the sofa.
"Finish for me," I said.
Ron hesitated for just a moment and, using his thumbs in the waistband of his brief, began to slide them down over his hips as he watched me watching. He was careful to lift the elastic over his erection and then he quickly pushed them to his calves, bent over and took them off. He offered them to me and I motioned for him to toss them on the sofa.
He looked at me and I motioned for him to turn around again. When he was facing me again, I stood up, took his hand and led him to my bedroom. I pulled the covers off the bed. "Get up on the bed, in the middle," I said.
I stepped back and looking at his eyes, began to unbutton my blouse. He rolled on his side facing me and watched intently with his head in his hand supported by his arm on his elbow.
I took my time unbuttoning my blouse. When I removed it, my breasts were ballooning out of the green half-cup bra with the top of my nipples exposed. His smile broadened and his cock twitched.
I undid the button and zipper of my skirt, let it fall to the floor and stepped out of it. I stood in front of him in my bra, matching bikini panties and three-inch heels. With my hands on my hips, I turned around for him, slowly. I kicked off my heels and reached behind my back to unhook my bra. I could see the anticipation in his eyes change to admiration as my bra fell to the carpet.
I held my breasts in my hands and pushed them together of a moment. Then I quickly removed my panties revealing my unshaven but neatly trimmed, pubic hair.
I climbed on the bed beside him, pushed him on his back and began to fondle his testicles and very hard erection. I kissed the head of his cock gently once and then again more forcefully. I sucked on the very tip and then more as I slipped it into my mouth. When I felt him touch my hair I said, "I said no touching."
He withdrew quickly and I focused on stroking his shaft, hefting his balls and sucking. It was obvious he wasn't going to last very long with all the attention. I backed off. He looked disappointed until I straddled his hips. Using one hand to guide him, I lowered myself onto his erection and let it slip inside me. I settled down until he was in a deep as he could go. I put my hands on his chest and said, "You can touch me now."
He grabbed my hips to guide me almost before I completed the sentence. I sat more erect, took his hands in mine and slid them up my body until they were on my breasts. He squeezed my tits like a dying man grabbing a life preserver. The slight pain increased my focus and I began to pump up and down on him rapidly. He lasted less than three minutes. When he came, he grunted and thrust his hips up against me. I moaned with my own orgasm and settled down on him, eventually falling alongside him.
I wiggled up until I could put my head on his chest and used my left hand to toy with his limp dick. He ran his fingers through my hair and said, "I'm sorry,"
"For what?" I asked.
"For being so fast."
"Ronnie," I said, "no need to apologize or be embarrassed. I'm not in a hurry and don't suppose you are either. There's plenty of time. So, focus on recovering and we'll try something different."
I turned around, spread my legs and began to suck on his cock again. He got the message and buried his face in my pussy. He wasn't an expert but, with some suggestions from me, he managed to cause a mind-blowing orgasm using just his tongue and lips in the right places.
He recovered quickly. Young men are considerate that way.
When I recovered, I turned around, lay on my back and pulled him on top of me. He reacted and within seconds, he was deep inside of me again. I lifted my legs and he grabbed my feet with both hands and pushed hard against me. His restorative powers and his endurance were incredible. After ten or fifteen minutes, I was exhausted. I had cum twice and was on the verge of asking him to stop when he came inside me again.
Over the next three hours, we managed a half dozen positions and more orgasms than I could remember. Ronnie had at least eight, which astounded me.
Later, we sat on the sofa, showered and fully dressed and talked. Ron expressed his gratitude, and maybe a little pride, in our encounter. I agreed and told him I was beyond satisfied. Our conversation ebbed. He eventually asked if he could see me again. I told him we met by chance and we may meet again that way but I wasn't looking for a committed relationship.
"However," I said, "there is something you can do for me."
"Of course. What is it?"
"Can I take your picture?"