CH2
I started my day Tuesday like normal as if there had been a three-day weekend and I needed to catch up with all of the work. Every now and then someone would stop in and want to chat about me being out yesterday, but I begged off because of the work quickly. My boss stopped by to make sure everything was okay and to let me know she had talked to Jen's boss about the accident and being hurt. I thanked her and got back to work. Around three PM I got a call from a number I didn't recognize.
"Hello"
"David?"
"Yes, Jen?"
"Yes. Can you come by and help me again with the bandages? I want to go to work tomorrow but I need help with a few things and, please?"
"I'll be there after work, say about four thirty or forty-five, depending on traffic. Okay?"
"Thanks David. I think I need help with something else, we can take my car, but I need somethings from the store, would that be all right?"
"No problem. I'll see you then, bye."
"Bye David and thank you so much."
I hung up and finished up my work. I was still behind but figured I could get the rest of the way caught up tomorrow. The ride to Jen's took over the half hour, trucks and bicycles in a construction zone, fun times. Arriving, I carried my bike up to her apartment and knocked. Jen answered in a sweatshirt and pants, normal grunge wear for days off. "Come in."
I pushed my bike in and placed it next to hers. "What's up" I asked.
She grabbed my hand with her working hand and pulled me into a hug. "Thank you, thank you, thank you. I don't know what I would have done if you had not been there. I owe you so much." This was spoken into my shoulder as she hugged me hard with one hand and one arm, carefully holding the bandaged hand and wrist away from my back.
"Jen, thank you for going with me. I had a wonderful time up until, well you didn't follow the rules."
I was chuckling when I said this. Jen started chuckling as well.
"Your right, I was bad, I should have listened to you and followed your rules. But I was just having so much fun riding with you. Those hills were amazing around every turn. I just lost track of where I was. I'm sorry, I'll follow your rules from now on. Master."
That last part was almost whispered. I was again floored. Who was this goddess? Where did she appear from in my life? "Jen, stop there. Let's get you bandaged up, make your grocery run, and then we can talk. Okay?" Jen nodded her head and turned, still holding my hand, led me into her bedroom bathroom where she began pulling her sweatshirt off, with not doing it very well.
"I've had this on for a couple of days. I can't seem to get it all the way off very well, can you help me, please."
I grabbed her hand and stopped her. I could see a tear beginning to run down her cheek and she was frowning from frustration. I leaned forward and caught the tear and said, "no tears, mademoiselle, remember." I then grabbed the bottom of the sweatshirt and tugged it up over her head exposing a camisole that showed off her breasts, which were saying hello to me. I actually stopped and stared for a moment. I'm sorry, I'm a guy. When being shown something so divine, you need to stop and show reverence.
Jen noticed but did not try to cover them, she just inhaled, accentuating them some more, showing them off to me. "Their natural D cups. They appeared when I was in tenth grade and have had to live with them ever since. They have caused me to be only looked at as an object. Something with big tits that doesn't have a brain. Bimbos are us. Except you Master. You have not looked at them until now. Not like every other guy. They just want to grab them, suck them, play with them." She was beginning to spit out the words. Having been objectified for years, I began to understand better Jen, the woman and how she wanted to be more than a pair of tits with a nice ass.
I pulled her back into a hug and began trying to calm her, hand combing her hair and holding her head to my chest. She was crying now and had to get it out. She was sobbing "I'm sorry, I'm sorry" over and over. I just hugged her harder. When she had recovered enough to pull back, I found my handkerchief (yeah, I'm old fashioned that way, shut up) and wiped her face with it.
She then began trying to pull up her camisole. I stopped her and removed it which allowed me access to the bandage on her side. It also gave me access to Jenn's tits. They were upturned D cup that looked like oranges on her chest. The areolae were slightly pink in color and triple the size of the nipples which were quickly becoming rock hard from my looking at them. Jenn was taking large breathes from watching me staring at her lovely tits. I reached out with my tongue and licked her right nipple, then raised my hand and squeezed her right tit slightly, not hard. Jenn moaned when I did this. I then moved to the left nipple near where her bandage was. I licked it and caressed the tit. She moaned again. Looking at her she wanted more from me, but I knew she needed the bandage replaced more. I kissed each nipple one more time and smiled at her. She was panting slightly.
I turned and found the bandages and ointments I would need and laid them out on the sink. I tried to carefully remove the bandage but saw I was causing pain from the tape. "Sorry Hon, but I don't see another way. It's 'rip the bandage off' time" Nodding her head and scrunching up her face like I was about to slap her, I pulled the bandage tape off along with the bandage. This exposed the several stitches. I was forced to work around her left breast, occasionally having to move it out of the way as I got to the injury under her arm. I tried to work as clinically as I could, but her breast was showing signs of arousal, the nipple was getting harder and harder, protruding out to me. I think she knew this and was glad as she tried to help but would drop her tit, so it was laid once again across my hand or wrist as I worked. She would apologize and pull it back up out of the way but not before I saw a little smile come across her face.
I got the bandage back in place, I then kissed each nipple and smiled again at her. I then helped her with putting the camisole back on, then the sweatshirt. Stepping back, I asked, "do you need your wrist re-done or are you good?"
"No, it is fine. I may need some more bandage work done later though."
"Oh, where?" I asked without realizing I had stepped into another trap.
Shyly, Jen moved her hand to her inner thigh and said, "I think this one needs changed again."
Chuckling, I said, "maybe another time, honey, but right now I think we need to get some shopping done and eat, then let you rest some more so you can get back to work. Plan?"
Smiling, Jen pulled me in for a kiss that had me rethinking my plan. It took some work to get out the door with Jen, let me tell you. I asked once we were in the car and had separated enough so her hands were on her side of the car, "where to?"
"I need something from a department store, some new camisoles. I own only two, and with this bandage, I don't see that I can wear a bra for a few days. Do you mind?"
"Nope, happy to help, especially if I get to see you model them" I said with a smirk. Hey, I'm still a guy, remember. She slapped me with her good hand and laughed as I headed to a local strip mall. She quickly bought a few camisoles with me helping pick out colors, like I would know which would look good on her. Seeing her in anyone of those was more than I could imagine. Back at her place we ordered a pizza, veggie, and sat and chatted about things. When the pizza arrived, I paid and then we dug in.
After a few pieces had been consumed, Jen leaned back on the couch and said, "Master we need to talk."
Saying it that way, I knew it was time. She wanted to explain this to me. And I needed to get out there my feelings on this whole dominant submissive thing.
"Jen, I want to first say, you are a phenomenal woman, unbelievable looking, driven from what I have seen at work, desiring to excel in a career, and someone I really admire and want to get to know more. What I said when we were making love, please forgive me. I don't know what came over me. I, I, well shit, I don't know why I said that. I do know but that's not, that is not me. I'm not lecherous. I'm not evil. I don't want to tie you up and spank you or have you do really kinky things. That is not me. I'm just a normal joe. I work, play, try to find love. I admit I look at porn, I admit I joke with my friends about some sick thing we saw on a movie. I don't want anything to do with making or being in a porn movie. I want a normal life with a normal girlfriend someday. Boring if you will." I let it all pour out. I was trying not to scare her too much, but I could see that her eyes were open more than normal, like something I had said was giving her grief. I sat and waited for her to respond.
Finally, Jen appeared to fully process my word dump, spill, spew of begging for her to not slap me silly.
Nodding her head and not necessarily looking at me, she said "girlfriend huh. I can live with that. I'll be your girlfriend, Master." Smiling she looked directly at me with those light green eyes and began leaning in for a kiss.
Out of all of that spew, she pulls that out of it, girlfriend. And she is still calling me master. What the fuck?
I leaned back on the couch. "Woah Jen. Wait a minute. I thought I cleared up that whole master thing. I don't own you. I don't think or want you to call me your Master. You are so much better than me, I should be calling you mistress or something. You already look like a goddess to me. Maybe I could just call you that, huh?"
Smiling more and shaking her head, Jen leaned further into me, leaning over me until she was laying on my chest on the couch, our lips almost touching, her eyes inches from mine. "You are my master. I gave myself to you. You saved me the other day. You own me now. I'll do anything, Anything, you ask. I am yours Master. Get used to the idea, I am. And I want you to know it." With that she snagged my lips with hers and went to town kissing me like every breath was forgotten by her. She wanted my tongue buried in her mouth. She was passion personified with that kiss. Her good hand was gripping my hair again, I'm going to have to get it checked the next time I go to get it cut, make sure she had not ripped out too many chunks, leaving a bald spot.
I gave up. My goddess had spoken. I could do nothing but what were her wishes. I did not know where this was headed but, I wanted this ride. I needed this. And from what she just said, so did she.
After a few hours we surfaced, and I saw it was dark out. Needing to get home to get up early to go to work, I extracted myself from Jen. As I was walking to the door we continued to chat about things until I was about to leave. "Master, I will see you tomorrow morning. I am sorry, but I will need to wear specific clothes because of the injury and the need to put them on with this wrist like it is. I will be in your cubicle at eight. Will you have time for me? I want to see you."
"Jen." I had to stop and choose my words carefully. "Wear what you can and want, please. Yes, I will be there at eight. I have a meeting at nine and will probably be busy when you show up, but I look forward to seeing you then. We'll talk later in the day as well, I need to make sure you will be able to change this bandage, okay?"
"Yes Master. I'll see you tomorrow morning." With that I pushed my bike out and stopped in the doorway, pulling her into one more kiss before leaving.
The next morning at eight, I was buried still from the work I missed on Monday when my goddess walked into my cubicle. She sort-of kneeled, not really knees on floor but her legs were squatting next to me. "Master. Good morning. How are you?" she whispered to me.
"Jen when we are at work, I am David, not the other, understand?"
"Yes Sir. You are David."
"I am fine. Did you have problems getting that bandage changed this morning?"
"No, David. I was able to manage, thank you for asking."
"If you feel you are in too much pain, please let your boss know. I am sure he will let you go home. I don't want you messing something up because you feel you have to be here. I know everyone has been told this here, they want hundred percent people at work to be able to give hundred percent effort. You're not quite there. Please think about that as you go through your day, okay?"
"Yes David, I will. And thank you again for caring so much. I don't know what I would have done without all of your help."
"Jen, I am happy to help. Please think nothing of it." I said with a smile.
She smiled in return and said, "Bye David, see you later" and turned and flipped up her summer dress she had worn to work, showing her bare ass, or what I assumed was bare. She may have had a thong on, it was too quick for me to make sure. She looked over her shoulder and winked at me and walked back to her cubicle.
Okay a guy can only handle only so much, my cock was letting me know that, that what just happened, needed to be noticed. Needed a response of some kind. I took a few deep breaths and tried to reduce my raging hormones and get back to work. It was hard, remembering that bare ass of hers. It was purely beautiful. Something you would see on sculptures; artists attempt to display the perfection that Jen's ass was.
I went through my day with that vision burned into my retinas. Around three, Jen showed up again and squatted again. "Sir, what are you doing on Friday night?"
"Nothing Jen, why?"
"Sir, I would like to take you out on a date. I am sorry, but nothing fancy. I really can't afford too much, and the hospital bill will probably kill me. I've talked with my parents, and they are going to take care of most of it, but still. Anyway, enough of my problems, I want to repay you in some small way, and I thought a dinner at a nice restaurant would be something we could do. Okay?"
"Jen, I would love to go out with you. I know of this place, Italian, not too fancy, and the food is to die for. I heard the chef is fairly famous around here. Okay?"
"I love Italian. Can I come by and pick you up about seven? Do we need a reservation?"
"I'll take care of it, Jen. And seven is fine but I'll ride to your place. That will give me time to get cleaned up and changed. And Jen, I have said this, and I mean it. You don't owe me anything. There was no way you were going to go through what you just did without someone being there. I was that someone. No thanks are needed."
Smiling and leaning into me to give me a quick hug, she whispered a thank you in my ear. Our company has an issue with blatant PDA, so I made sure to quickly break it up so no one saw or could give us grief about that.
The rest of the week went about the same, Jen would come by to greet me in the mornings and then flip me off per se, as she walked away. And every morning I had to fight my hardon back into its place. That girl could give most movie stars lessons on their walk.
Friday came and after work, I rode home and showered and changed into jeans and a polo shirt, decent shoes, not spit polish, but okay to be worn out. I rode over to Jen's apartment, and she greeted me at seven in a beautiful summer dress, polka dots, that came to mid-thigh. I could tell she was still not wearing a bra, but the camisole was adequate enough to keep her assets in check. I gave her directions to Tarentonie's, the Italian place I had made reservations at. We arrived, chatting about each other's day and had to only wait a minute or two before being seated. I pointed out the owner, June Tarentonie, having been introduced at some earlier work function, and we both got a laugh when June, a known comedian in her restaurant went off screaming at her chef, after talking with one of the customers she had known. We had a lovely time and ate fantastic food and drank a bottle of red wine. I was not affected because of the pasta, but it appeared that the wine was having some effect on Jen. I asked for the keys so I could drive us back to her place.
We held hands at the restaurant and then on the way back to Jen's. She did not want to let me go. When we got there, I was gallant and opened her door and she latched onto my hand, pulling me into a kiss like never before. I lost track of time, standing there, kissing one of the most beautiful women I had ever met. They could have built an interstate around us, and we would not have noticed. I think I heard a "Get a room" from some passerby, but I didn't care. I was where I wanted to be.
Ending the kiss, Jen and I breathing deeply, trying to replace the oxygen we were lacking from not coming up for breaths for a while, Jen began pulling me up to her apartment. Again, I say, I'm only human. My goddess demands, I do. I followed her up the stairs and into her apartment. She began pulling cloths off of me, I was doing the same to her, kissing when we could get a second to do that. We stumbled into her bedroom, with just the camisole on her and my boxers on me.
She leaned back against her bed and stopped me for a second. She then pulled, one handed, her camisole off of her. And then dropped to her knees and carefully with her wrapped wrist, pulled my boxers down. Once free and now fully erect, my cock slapped her in the chin and came to rest on her cheek. She began kissing, licking it and my balls, she soon was attempting to bring as much of my wide cock into her mouth as she could get. Sorry, but you try to suck on an energy drink can and see how it fits in your mouth. She finally gave up on the idea of getting it into her throat and just kept greasing the knob, sucking and slobbering it for all it was worth. When I began pulling her up because I wanted to be in her when I shot off, she shrugged me off.
She then leaned back, and said, "Master, I need your cum, I want to taste your cum. Master please, let your slut have it. I'll get it hard again so you can reclaim my slut cunt. Please Master." Whereupon she slammed her mouth back over my cock burying it into the back of her mouth, trying to get it into her throat. She was possessed and I was compliant. I began leaning back and my hips began moving with her, humping her mouth as she sucked my cock like she really knew what she was doing. Moments later I grunted and came, ropes of cum shot from my cock into her slutty mouth. Jen kept sucking all of my shots, I lost track of how many, I was in a cum induced daze and just in the moment. Once I could open my eyes and see where I was, I looked down at her and she was licking my cock slowly. She then opened her mouth to show me my cum, closed it and leaned back and swallowed it down. Then opened her mouth again and smiled at me, "Ahh" escaped her lips. She went back to lapping on my somewhat still hard cock and staring at me. Waiting for some kind of demand or something.
I reached down and picked up her under the arms, being careful of her stitches which were coming out on Monday, per her physician, and helped her onto her bed. I then turned and found some towels in her bathroom. When she saw me carrying them to the bed, she broke out laughing, remembering the last time we did this.
I placed the first one under her raised posterior and then slowly crawled up above her. In passing I snuck a lick or two on her hard as glass nipples, which elicited a moan from her each time. I then found her lips and we tongue battled for a while. My cock was back at full presentation and was rubbing her cunt lips, now and then brushing her clit, which caused her to jump slightly and moan. "Beg me slut. Tell me you are deserving of what I offer. Make me believe you want this cock. Otherwise, I leave, and you will have to wait to cum again. I will not allow you to pleasure yourself unless I say so, so you had better make it convincing if you want to cum again in the next few weeks."
I did not recognize that person. I knew I was saying it. I knew it was my voice. But I didn't know what I was doing. I was possessed. I could not stop myself from doing this with Jen. It had never happened before. She was making me do this, that had to be it.
Jen, upon hearing those words, changed is the best I could describe it. Her face became worshipful. She began panting. She was really getting into rubbing her cunt against my cock, greasing it from her nectar that was running out of her cunt, beginning to soak the towel under her.
"Master, this worthless slut is in need of a good fucking. She does not deserve it, but she needs it, needs Master. She will do anything to get fucked right now Master. Ask, and I will do it Master. I am yours, command me."
Again, that voice came out of me, "come with me then" and I pulled her up off of the bed to the window. "Pull back the drapes and show the world what a wanton slut you are. Show them how you need his cock in your slut cunt. Place your hands on the glass and press your slut tits against there. Show the world what this slut has, and your master owns."
Ripping open the curtains and raising the blinds, Jen pressed herself against the glass, her hands out and her tits pushed hard against the glass, showing them to anyone driving past on the busy street below. Her face was sideways to the glass and her ass was sticking back towards me.
I pulled her hair back so her face was pointed ahead, so everyone could see her face as I fucked her cunt, see the worship she was showing me as she was pleasuring her master. I lined myself up and pushed in, soon burying myself into her dripping cunt. I had grabbed another towel I had taken from the bathroom, and I threw it down under her legs so her cunt could drip onto it. I then proceeded to hump her for all she was worth, grabbing her hips and finding a rhythm I could maintain for a while.
Jen was pushing back, watching her reflection in the glass, now and then noticing a neighbor as they walked past a window in another apartment in the complex, or a car as it drove past. Once she thought she saw a car slow down and the driver look up at her, trying to make sure he was seeing what he thought he could see. Jen's breath had begun to fog over the window from the hot sex she was experiencing which made it more difficult to be seen. She could not stop panting and she was soon at the point of no return and realized she had to ask now.
"Master, may your slut cum? Please Master, I need to cum."
Being a vengeful master, I of course said, "not yet slut, I still need to punish you for not following the rules this past weekend." Jen moaned and wreathed herself on my cock trying to keep from cumming. I made it harder by slowing my assault and then going into rapid fire slams into her.
I kept hearing, "Please Master, please, please, please, Fuck Me, please, please, Fuck, Let me Cum!"
I finally relented and leaned into her, whispering in her ear, "you want to cum slut", all she could do was pant and nod her head. "Then cum slut on your master's cock."
She convulsed, slamming her ass back into me, her tits were slapping the window, her face was sliding all over the glass, and she was in full blown moan as nectar poured out of her cunt, soon soaking the towel I had laid down. She had never cum that hard before, I was forced to hold her up as she was beginning to collapse. I then went into really hard rapid fire, our juncture at her ass was just wet slap sounds, slap, slap, slap as I felt my nuts begin to contract. Her orgasm kept going as she kept meeting my thrusts, possessed with the need to keep me buried in her. She did not care if someone was standing outside her window on a ledge right then. Her master was giving her slut cunt what it needed, and she wanted to show the world what a true slut she was.
Reaching the point of no return, I began to fill her cunt up with my cum. I was grunting with each shot. My cum was soon oozing out of her cunt and sliding down her legs and off onto the soaked towel. Jen was still spasming with her orgasm and trying to keep my cock buried. My hands joined hers on the window trapping them and her in place, pushing her tits, mashing them to the glass, for the world to see. I was moaning from the experience but somehow, I still was able to whisper in her ear, "You are now mine, slut. You do belong to me. I will own every part of you. You will be mine and I will show the world what a slut you are for me. You want that right slut?" Man, whoever was possessing me had a hardon for sluts and owning Jen.
I heard Jen moan out, "Yes Master, you own me. I will do anything you say. You own my cunt, my virgin ass, my mouth. Take them any way you want, anywhere you want. They are yours; I am yours."
We stayed like that for a while. I even heard a few honks and wolf whistles from passing cars, Jen probably heard them too because I would feel a twitch in her cunt when they happened, like she was experiencing her submissiveness to me straight through her cunt. I eventually pushed back and pulled out of her. I stumbled to the bed siting on the towel before pulling it out from under me. Jen just stayed there, trying to catch her breath. Her cunt was still dripping and convulsing on occasions, usually when I heard another whistle or horn. She was a true exhibitionist. Getting off on showing her assets to others, now because she knew those assets were owned, and they could not have them. Her master owned them; they were nothing compared to him.
I finally asked, "Jen, do you want to come over here and lay down. I would like to talk to you." Turning slowly, Jen, a loose set of bones and muscles, able to barely walk, stumbled to the bed to lay on it.
I retrieved another towel from the bathroom and propped up her butt to place it under, knowing she was still dripping mine and her cum out of it. "Jen, I apologize again. I don't know what is possessing me. I don't want you to think I own you. I am so sorry, so sorry I said that again. I can't explain it."
I was looking hard at her, my arm was around her waist, just below her magnificent breasts. They were still proudly on display, nipples hard, no sag, I so wanted to become a child again and suckle for a few hours.
"Master. You are and will always be my master. I know this. What you said while you were reclaiming ownership of my worthless cunt, is who you are. I know this. I agree to this. I want this. Please Master. Own me. I can't imagine it any other way. Please say you will. I have to have you own me. I can't think of another way of continuing. Everything I have done, has led me here, now. I know it. Every other relationship, how it was, and how it ended, they taught me what I needed, and you are that. I need you. Please Master."
Deep down I knew I was changing a part of my core self. I knew if I went through this door, I was either damned forever, or I was about to start my true life. I opened the door. It was not hard. Again, my goddess had asked it of me. I could do nothing else.
"Jen slut." And with those two words another convulsion of orgasm went through her. "You will be mine when we are alone or when I tell you. You will be the vibrant beautiful person I met the other day at work the rest of the time. You will defer to me, but in a normal manner, when we are out and about. Otherwise, when you walk into a room in my house or yours with me in it, I am your master. You will do what I want. I saw something tonight. Have you ever thought about being an exhibitionist?"
Smiling and laughing, Jen rolled over and clutched me, "thank you Master. Your slut listens and obeys. I love it, I love you, I will do anything my Master asks." Then she thought about my question. "I have never showed that before, Master. I am a private person. The bras I wear to contain these beasts, are full and I try to make sure my nipples can't show. I have never done what I did this week when I showed you my bare ass. Master, I can only say, I have never felt so free before. You own me and I want the world to know what they missed out on. I want to show you what you own. Sorry, Master, I can't think of any other reasons."
"Have you ever worn those camisoles with light dresses or blouses before?"
"Master, every time I have worn those has been under a thick sweater or with a dress, jacket combination which would again hide my nipples and the beasts."
"Jen, can I ask that you don't call them beasts. Maybe to you they have been. They, I know are beasts to control, but they are also beautiful. You are beautiful because of them. If anything, may we call them the girls? It is not that derogatory of a name and still shows off your feminine side."
"Oh, yes, Master. The girls it is. And you are right, they are feminine, they are me. I will try to look at them like that."
"Okay good. Now as for the camisoles, I would like to have you wear them more often. I know you will be showing the girls off more to others, but who owns those girls?"
"You Master. I'll do that next week for you Master. I don't have too many of them, but I'll get by for a while."
"Jen I am not going to ask you to change your wardrobe. You and I can't afford it. Please wear your bras when your back to being able to, when you want. I don't want you to feel too uncomfortable. As a matter of fact, once you are able to have those stiches out and don't need the bandage anymore, I will determine when you wear something I want, to show you off, as it were. I'll text you the night before or let you know well in advance."
"Yes Master"
"I also noticed you have a landing strip. Have you ever thought about a design or nothing down there?"
"Master, no, I just went with what a bunch of other girls at school one weekend and they were doing it, so I did, and I liked it and kept that style. What did you have in mind?"
"Let me think on it. I am tempted with a bike or bike wheel. Maybe even a pair of lips. Don't know right now."
Jen had mini convulsed again when David had said lips. "Master, will you allow me to do something with you and for you?"
"What"
"I would like to copy your lips onto paper or wax paper and then copy them to my strip. That would show who own this slut's cunt to me every day and to you whenever you happened to look at the cunt you own."
We continued to talk about different things. I tried to delve into where the submissive side came from in Jen, but we soon were slipping off to sleep land. I dragged the towel under Jen and cuddled in behind her. My cock was nestled in her ass crack, and she shimmied a little when I first put it there. Leaning back, she said, "you own that to Master. Let me prepare it for you to take my last virgin hole." She then kissed me and rolled back over and fell asleep. With that comment I drifted off with dreams of fucking her ass and how I could do it on a bicycle. It would suck for my balls, but I was willing to try it.