I heard Cassie come back late that night, and the next morning I heard Kate and Cassie talking her room. I heard tears at one point, and loud laughter too. Then they went off-campus to get some brunch. I debated when to bring it up with Kate, but couldn't decide. For several days, nothing happened. Whenever I caught Kate's eye, she shook her head, either unwilling or unready to talk about it. She asked me to have dinner with her Tuesday night though, in a different dining hall than we usually ate in.
"Ok Sophia, I've made a choice, and I want you to back me up on it," she began uncertainly, when we were seated eating our mystery nuggets.
"Of course Kate, we both want to do what's best for Cassie. Are you thinking we should go to the Dean of Students? Tell her parents? You know she doesn't get along with her mom at all..."
"No, I don't think so. After talking to Cassie, I actually think that she is doing what's best for Cassie. It turns out that she approached Wrackoff. No, it's true. She said that she went in to see him after that unit on abnormal sexuality, she was wondering if maybe she was asexual. You know how many guys have been hitting on her, and she's just not been interested. And she loved her high school boyfriend but they never really had sexytime, just some awkward petting. She thought maybe it was a medical condition... Anyway, she described the situation and he said she probably just needed to find someone she was interested in, maybe someone that felt really safe to explore with. Then Cassie said she asked Wrackoff if he would be that person. I asked her why, and she said that he was someone she couldn't be in a real relationship with, because of his age and position, so it made it really safe to be just about the sex. Plus he is pretty experienced. She told me it was really hard to convince him, but in the end he agreed, provided she kept it secret from everyone. Which I get."
"Oh my god. Cassie! I never would have expected that from her! That seems completely out of character. You, maybe, if you viewed it like a learning experience, but not her!" Kate gave me a funny look. "And she's definitely not asexual..." I broke off, I hadn't told Kate about Cassie masturbating while listening to Julie have sex.
"Well, I, uh, that's actually what I want to talk to you about Soph. I, I've been thinking, and... I, uh, I kinda want the same thing. I think I want what Cassie has. Mostly I want to learn more about sex. You know I've never done it, and mostly I've never even enjoyed being with boys in any way." I stared at Kate. Was she joking? But she continued, almost in a whisper, "That's why Marlo and I broke up. He wanted me to have sex, or at least to go down on him, and I refused. I just wasn't ready. Or, really, I am ready, but I don't know how. What if I did it wrong, what if I hurt him, what if he didn't like it? I just want some practice. I want to be better at it, I want to be the best at it."
I could see Kate's fierce desire to succeed, to be the best coming to the surface. I suppose I shouldn't have been surprised. "I support you Kate, I just think you should take a little more time to think it through."
"Well, I have thought it through, all week. In fact, it's been hard to get it out of my head. And I think it's what I want. But I need some help from you."
"I'm not going to hold your hand Kate. I think this is a dangerous choice to make, it could have serious repercussions to your academic career; what if you're caught? He might lose tenure, but you could get expelled. What if he decides to tell for some reason? And what about Cassie?? Will this damage your friendship? Will she get jealous? Will you?? I don't want to lose a friend. Or two. We have something pretty special between the three of us."
"Cassie is cool with it. She said it has been absolutely amazing, and she wants someone else to experience it too. But I need your help with something else Soph... Professor Wrackoff... hypnotized Cassie. It's how he was able to help her over her discomfort. She said it was really powerful, and she remembers every bit of it, but it just removed the top layer of her inhibitions, and let her explore her sexuality in a really freeing way. That's what I need help with Soph, I'm too scared to be hypnotized. And I don't totally trust Wrackoff."
"That's the first smart thing you've said tonight Kate, but what can I possibly do for you. I'm no hypnotist."
"Well, I'm going to ask Wrackoff if I can tape our session. That will give me some insurance. And I'm wondering if you'd be willing to watch the tapes, to make sure that he doesn't do anything dangerous, or against my will, or makes me forget anything, or takes advantage of me."
"Kate, you're asking him to take advantage of you."
"Soph, please, I, I need this... I want this." Her voice broke, there were tears in her eyes. "You didn't see Cassie's face, you don't know what it's like to have someone tell you they are breaking up with you because you won't put out. Or what it's like to, to want to, to not know how. I need to do this Sophia."
What could I say to my best friend, begging me for a favor. And I did know what she meant. I knew what it was like to have all of those pressures on you to be the perfect girlfriend, to please your man. It was bullshit, all of it, but it sure felt real. "Of course I'll do it Kate, but I warn you, if he gets out of hand, I'm stepping in, whether that means the school or your parents or somebody, but I'm stepping in. And Cassie sure better know what she's doing to. I'm not losing you two to some weirdo professor."
"Thank you Sophia, you won't regret this, I promise."
We finished our meal and headed back to our rooms.
* * * *
We had 5 days off for Thanksgiving (I went home) and when we came back, Kate approached Wrackoff. She told me later that it involved more arm-twisting than she expected. In fact, she had to practically threaten to tell the school about Cassie to even get him to entertain the idea. And he balked at being taped. I had to admit I understood his position. Kate promised him only one person would ever see the tapes, and that they would be returned after each session and taped over, so there was no incriminating evidence lying around. And she agreed to sign a waiver and offer her own taped admission that she was doing this of her own free will. It was flimsy, but she had him over a barrel because of Cassie. When Kate gets to working you over, she comes pretty hard.
Kate is fierce in so many ways, and I think that's her most attractive feature. She's intensely consumed in you every moment you're together, or in her studies, or in her books, or in any of her other passions. Kate is more or less my height (5 feet even), with dark shoulder-length hair. Her mom is Japanese and her dad is from the Phillipines. She's compact, but has broad swimmers shoulders, and a somewhat flat chest. Not as flat as me, but not a feature that stands out. She gets a second look from many of the guys in our grade, but she never has much in common with them. And apparently, when she does, they still just want sex. Poor Kate.
Anyway, I was surprised when Kate came to me that first Friday in December and asked if I would watch the tape for her. I was sitting at the desk in my dorm room contemplating heading to the dining hall for an early dinner, but I had some time. She was blushing bright red, and her hand was shaking as she held it out. I hadn't realized she'd moved so quickly, but there it was, in her hand. Waiting.
She handed it to me and turned away. "I can't watch it Soph. But I was there. It happened. I think I remember it all. Make sure he didn't do anything I don't remember. Please."
"Oh Kate. Do you want to talk about it?"
"Not right now."
"Well, can we talk about it after I watch it?"
"Oh no, I won't be able to then, I'll be too embarrassed. But maybe I'll ask Wrack to work on that a little bit next time." With that, she somehow blushed even more fiercely and went into her room. She didn't close the door though.
Next time? I stared at the tape in my hand. Did I really want to do this? Did I have a choice? I was the only one who could make sure my Kate stayed safe. I had to.
In truth of course it wasn't really a tape. That's a misnomer these days. It was a memory stick. I plugged it into my computer and fired up my video program. It took me some fiddling, but I got the file to work. I sat down in my desk chair.
On my screen, the camera swam into focus; the room was somewhat dim, with two comfortable-looking brown leather padded chairs with no arms. Wrackoff sat in the chair to the right, looking relaxed and a little bit smug, arms folded across his chest. He wore a button down shirt and dark jeans, with little moccasins on his feet. Even I had to admit he looked good. The camera shook a bit, came into sharper focus, and then I heard scuffling. Kate came into the picture on the left and sat down opposite Wrackoff. They were maybe 5 feet apart.
Kate turned to the camera and said: "I do this of my own free will, and plan to willingly allow Professor Peter Wrackoff to hypnotize me. But we have agreed ahead of time that there will be no suggestions left in me, and afterward I will remember the whole session and everything that happened. If Professor Wrackoff violates our agreement in any way, he opens himself to legal ramifications." With that she turned back to Wrackoff with a defiant look on her face, chin held high. "Well, get to it already" she said. Wrackoff stared at her silently for a full 30 seconds. Then my brave Kate's nerve clearly faltered as she ran out of her pre-scripted comments and her head dropped.
"Look at me Kate." Wrackoff demanded. His voice had changed. He wasn't asking her a question, he was demanding her obedience. Kate's head dipped up. "I can't hypnotize you unless you allow me to. You have to want this to happen, deep down, you have to make this work."
Kate's shoulders sank, and she almost whispered "I'll try Professor. Please don't hurt me." It was a naked admission. Her fierceness was stripped away by his tone of voice, and suddenly only her fear remained. I found myself wondering what lay beneath her fear...
Wrackoff began a series of counting activities with Kate. They were boring, and I began to wonder if he was going to bore her into submission. I found myself counting along just to pass the time. A few times she seemed to lose focus, and he brought her back sharply. I could see why she drifted though, it was seriously boring. It nearly put me to sleep. I shook my head to clear it. On the screen, Kate had taken her shirt and bra off.
I had seen Kate naked plenty of times, but it was always as one of the girls. I could describe her breasts if asked, I knew the oversize freckle on the left one, how she felt embarrassed by the way her nipples pointed sleepily upward. But I had never seen them like this. Looking through the lens at her, in this situation the camera felt like the gaze of a man. A deeply aroused man. Words swam in my head - beautiful, luscious, suckable, ripe. I was jealous of Kate's breasts, I wanted them for my own, wanted to have tits that marvelous. I came back to myself as Wrackoff finished up: "and now I want you to play with your beautiful luscious tits for me Kate, gently with your nipples, tease them until you feel it all over your body."
On my computer screen, Kate's hands rose unhesitatingly to her nipples, thumb and forefinger plucking at each one, tugging them gently until they stood up firmly. Then she began a rolling motion, stopping periodically to rub her whole palm across her nipples before resuming with the tugging and rolling. It was almost unbearably erotic, and I felt my own nipples rise, as if I were touching them myself. And I was fascinated by the bright red flush of embarrassment ringing Kate's neck and upper chest. It was clear that her mind was resisting this shameless display, but her hands were operating of their own accord. Wrackoff gazed at her silently and intensely as her breathing grew louder and louder, filling my ears, indicating her increasing arousal. Finally, her head tipped back and her eyes closed, as her fingers pulled her nipples up and away from her chest, stretching them until it looked painful. Wrackoff leaned forward, until he was only inches away from Kate, I could almost feel his breath on her bare tits as he commanded: "Come for me, now."
Kate's legs squeezed tightly and released, over and over, and her moans were ecstatic, and seemed to go on and on for minutes. I felt a twitching between my own legs, found my hand halfway inside my waistband, and my nipples were hard as glass. I let out my breath in a long slow wheeze, felt my heart racing, as Kate shook on the chair, fingers still tugging at her nipples.
"Stop touching yourself now." Embarrassed, I drew my hand out of my waistband. I remembered masturbating to Julie's climax earlier in the fall, something I thought I'd never do again. Wrackoff certainly had some magic. And maybe Kate was in over her head. On the screen, Kate's hands were again by her side, her eyes were alert and focused on Wrackoff and her breathing had slowed. "Now you've had your fun, it's time to get down to work. I'm going to take my cock out of my pants now, and when you see it in front of you, you will realize how truly glorious it is. What an amazing and beautiful cock, all for you, and any time you see it in front of you, you will get on your knees before it. This cock is so powerful, the very word arouses you. Cock. You can feel that word penetrating you, arousing you, thrusting inside you."
There it was. I knew something like this would happen. I mean, I knew that they would be sexually intimate, that was the point after all, but I also knew he'd have to add in something demeaning to Kate. Kneeling in front of him like a harem girl. I was furious. His hands unbuckled his pants and he slid his jeans down his thighs. Like a bad porno he wasn't wearing any underwear. His cock sprang up into full view. I was stunned. Oh my god. Admittedly I had only seen one penis in my lifetime in person (and I was nowhere near John when that happened), but Wrackoff's penis was actually gorgeous. It was somehow longer than it had any right to be, maybe 8 or 9 inches, but it wasn't incredibly thick. It had no curve whatsoever, and the head was a pale pink, sitting plumply on the end. It was amazing and glorious and beautiful, and he was going to use it to demean my Katie. I slipped off my chair to get a closer look at my screen, and I noticed that Kate was now on her knees in front of him.
"For this part, my dear Kate, you're going to want to relax. Let me take you a little deeper." Wrackoff again ran through his round of counting exercises, and Kate's head bobbed gently as she mouthed the words. I debated fast-forwarding it to the action, but I remembered my promise to Kate to pay attention, so I just counted along with them to pass the time more quickly. Eventually it was over and Wrackoff took Kate's head in both hands. "I'm now going to force your head down on my cock Kate. The goal here is for me to get as much into your mouth as I can. The additional relaxation activities we just did will allow you slide several inches down your throat, but it won't bother you at all. Ok?" Kate seemed to nod slightly, and then her mouth was over the head of Wrackoff's penis and her lips were pursing and her cheeks dimpled and then he was pushing her down, slowly, steadily. She seemed to hesitate, halfway down his glorious cock, and then she was moving again, and suddenly her lips were meeting his pubic hair. He held both sides of her head and pulled her back up, before pushing her down again.
He kept up this rhythm for several minutes, with his breathing deepening, encouraging her verbally, before he stopped. "I think that's probably enough for one afternoon Kate. You're not quite ready for anything else. We'll stop there for the day, but you have done very very well." Kneeling before him, Kate smiled widely, and her whole body seemed to wriggle in place. Praise is such a powerful motivator.
Wrackoff continued "But there is one more thing I want you to do for me before our time is up. Tell me one thing sexual that you're completely embarrassed by, but have always wished to do."
Kate looked up at him from her kneeling position; her smile wilted and her cheeks flamed crimson as she mumbled something. "Speak up Kate, I couldn't hear you."
"I have never masturbated when my roommates were around. I always wait for them to go out or go to sleep, and I make sure never let them hear me when I come. I just couldn't. I'd be so ashamed. But I want to. It would be so hot." I thought back to my shame with Julie and Cassie, my own desire; it was like Kate had named one of my deepest secrets out loud.
Wrackoff smiled. "Well then, tonight, you will. Tonight you will masturbate until you come, and loudly enough that you make sure your roommates hear you. And when you come you will think of me, and how good it feels to please me, and how you can't wait to do it again. And you'll remember every moment of this conversation, and every touch of your hands on your body, and you'll feel every speck of shame and arousal and pleasure along the way. In fact, it will arouse you so much you'll masturbate again this week loud enough for your roommate to hear. Go now, I'll see you next week at the same time."
Kate's moaning got louder and louder, as she stood up without reply and stepped over to the camera. The camera went black and still her moaning continued to crescendo. I found myself almost against my will with my hand in my panties again, my fingers sliding through my wet curls. The tape was so hot. It was so wrong, and I was so hot. I found myself moaning, and I realized I could still hear Kate, even though the tape was over. I looked over my shoulder and saw her door still open. Of course - she was carrying out the very act that she had just been ordered to do. The thought of her in the next room hearing me touch myself was overwhelming, and my own moans grew even more pronounced as my fingers danced across my clit. I felt myself getting closer to a massive climax, and then I thought about how helpless she was, and it sent me over the edge, moaning uncontrollably, as I heard her in her room do the same. If Wrackoff knew what I had just done, he would undoubtedly be pleased. The thought brought goosebumps to my skin and another wave of arousal washed over me. With effort I plucked my sticky fingers away from my underwear. When my breathing slowed, I got up and sat back in my chair, my mind whirling. I was worried that Kate was in serious trouble. Only one session and maybe she was in too deep.