In my first story I described how I "awakened" sexually and started to get into nude sunbathing. From reading in a field I guess it was only a matter of time before I felt brave enough to go to a nude beach!
It happened the following summer. Following my discovery of nudism I'd gone back to university, saved some money and bought a tiny little car. Apart from that little had changed. My tan had faded A LOT, but through disciplined use of sun protection and a bit of sunbathing in my bedroom I'd managed to keep the tanlines to a minimum.
My pubes had inevitable grown back over winter and exams, but come the spring I had returned to my naughty ways, and was now totally hair free below the neck.
Anyway, the opportunity arose one weekend when I had planned a trip to the beach with my girlfriends. As the proud owner of a terrible car, I was the driver. I was really looking forward to the trip (I absolutely love the beach, and wish my town wasn't so far away), although I was wondering what I'd do about the inevitable tan lines afterwards.
Then, on the eve of our trip, disaster struck. One of my friends came down with the flu. The other, who had had a massive fight with her boyfriend, chose that night to passionately make it up. She gave a half-assed excuse but we knew she would be spending the day in bed too. My third friend, a very pale redhead who was only really coming not to miss out on the fun, quite reasonably wrote to me to excuse herself from the inevitable sunburn and freckles.
"It's just not worth it - you know I'll look like a lobster after 10 minutes. Why don't we just hang out around town?"
I was set on going to the beach, and declined the offer. I loved spending time alone anyway.
The next morning, as I set off from home with my beach things and a little picnic lunch, I thought about the idea that had been whirling around my head since last night, when my friends had cancelled on me.
There was a clothing-optional beach just south of the beach we had been planning to go to. Maybe I could avoid the tanlines after all, if I was brave enough. I'd never been to the spot, but it was easy enough to get to. I had to check it out. I looked at the map, found the route to the car park and off I went.
Like most clothing optional beaches, this one was a bit off the beaten track. It was near the entrance to a national park, and the car park served as the starting point for a number of trails. One of these trails led to a long, sandy beach.
I found the car park without too much difficulty. There were already a reasonable number of cars, but I assumed at least half would be owned by hikers rather than beach goers, so there should be plenty of space for me to spread my.... towel.
I grabbed my hat, my backpack and my water bottle and headed off along the trail. It was absolutely stunning, and worth the trip just to do this walk. No wonder the area was so popular. The path wound through the trees for about a kilometre before suddenly dunes started to form, and the path started to climb before turning quite abruptly into sand. I was at the top of the dune and staring at a long, white sand beach with towels and umbrellas scattered along it.
I kicked off my shoes and walked along looking for a spot which wasn't too public or obvious, finding an area higher up the dunes with what looked like nudists on either side so I'd blend in. Time to set up camp.
I sat down on my towel in my bikini. 50 metres to my left was an older middle-aged couple, completely nude. To my right, a gay couple, also nude. A little beyond them, various groups of people in swimwear, although one of the women wasn't wearing a bra. My heart was racing. Here goes nothing, I thought.
I unfastened my bra and slipped it off, my breasts bouncing free and my nipples suddenly quivering and hard in the gentle breeze. I inhaled deeply and looked around. No one had reacted. I sat like this for a full five minutes, waiting for an uproar from my fellow beach goers.
When none came, I started to breathe easier and think about the next phase of my mission. Of course, when I'd been alone in the field I hadn't considered other people seeing my groomed pubic hair. But now there was no hiding. The couples on either side of me looked like classic nudists, with a wild bush of pubic hair covering their nether regions. The old voices from my conservative upbringing started echoing in my head - good girls just didn't remove all their pubic hair to expose their labia like wanton sluts!
But then I looked at the two guys sunbathing naked together to my right and thought - I guess plenty of people disapprove of them too, and they're not letting it stop them. I lifted my bum and scooted my bikini bottoms down to my knees, then lifted my feet and slipped them off. I was completely naked!
I sat there for a couple of minutes hugging my legs, breathing deeply, and then plucked up the courage to lower my legs, flipping over onto my tummy. I was doing it! Sunbathing on a public beach naked! No one had reacted, and I soon relaxed and settled down to tan my bum. This was brilliant!
Soon it came time to turn over. I started getting nervous and excited just thinking about it - the beach had become a bit busier, and there were more young people around. There was nothing for it though - if I didn't turn over my bum would get burnt, and if I covered up now my front would be much paler than my back. I took another deep breath and spun onto my back.
Propped up on my elbows I could survey the beach quite well. The two nudist groups were still there, and another group of five had set up between me and the two guys. They were in swimsuits. For the moment, nobody seemed to have noticed me. I ought to put some suncream on, but I was too nervous and excited just yet. This was such a rush.
I looked down at my body. I was really quite proud of it now. I was trim and toned, and my tanlines were hardly noticeable even after a full winter of no nude sunbathing. My smallish breasts were looking very pert, and the nipples sticking out proudly. My tummy was very flat, which meant that my smooth pubic area stuck up quite prominently. I wondered how visible my pussy lips were from the other side, and as I did felt a charge of electricity run through me. I was the only solitary woman on the beach as far as I could see, and with my big hat and sunglasses was very hard to recognize.
"If they want to look, let them!" I thought to myself, and lay back fully and concentrated on the wonderful feeling of the sun on my body. I lay for about 5 minutes, feeling total bliss and a little bit aroused, when I suddenly remembered my suncream. Shit! I'd turn into a beetroot if I wasn't careful.
I sat up quickly and looked down. My skin looked absolutely fine, but I knew the color/burn wouldn't show for a few hours. Time to protect myself. I reached into my bag and pulled out the cream, then started slathering it on. I did my arms my legs, then realized where I was going and paused to look around. No one seemed to be looking, although one of the youngish men in the clothed group seemed to be looking in my general direction. He was wearing dark glasses and gave no sign of paying attention. I felt a tingle downstairs.
I started to apply suncream to my stomach and chest, facing straight ahead while my eyes darted around behind my sunglasses, trying to catch anyone looking. No one reacted at all. Next stop bikini zone. I applied suncream as quickly as I could to the area, feeling way too excited as I did so. As a carefully put cream on my labia (glancing up every second to check I was unobserved) that my lips were glistening wet already. Apparently I was a bit of an exhibitionist too!
I sat for a minute catching my breath, then relaxed back down again. What had got into me? This was getting me way too excited! Just some random guy lying on the beach with his head in my general direction was getting me seriously hot and steamy! I lay for about 20 minutes, starting to relax before I started to get uncomfortably hot. The water looked beautifully refreshing, but it was a long walk to the shore with nothing on. I was clearly the youngest person on the beach, a single female, and I would be on display for the entire time. The clothed group would get a real show.
I ummed and ahed for a couple of minutes before I reached a compromise. I grabbed my bikini briefs and slipped them on, then walked down to the water topless. My heart was racing even though I wasn't nude - I'd never gone topless in public in front of complete strangers before! I looked straight ahead as I passed the younger group, and didn't turn around until I had slipped into the cool water, dived and swam for a few strokes underwater. The water felt amazingly refreshing. I glanced casually back to the beach.
Of the 5 members of the group, 3 were looking out at me. One of them turned to the other, said something and everyone laughed. I felt myself turning bright red and submerged myself under the water. Were they laughing at me?! I wasn't sure I wanted to find out. I was feeling refreshed and cool, so I decided to head back to the safety of my towel. As I turned to start wading out, the group suddenly got up and started walking down to the water! I felt my stomach lurch and walked more forcefully towards the shore.
As we drew level, one of the two girls in the group suddenly spoke.
"Hello, lovely day isn't it?"
I went a deeper shade of red as I kept walking, stammering a "yes, isn't it!" as I went.
As I moved away from them I heard her continue in an undertone:
"my friend wants to know if you're doing anything later."
To which there were some stifled guffaws and one of the group hissed at her,
"shut it, Katie!"
And another,
"Who wouldn't show off with tits like that?"
I kept walking as if I hadn't heard them, feeling both highly embarrassed but also secretly very pleased with the reaction I'd got.
When I got back to the towel I flopped down to catch my breath. I realised I was suddenly in a predicament. They were clearly aware of me now, and they were close enough to see if I took my bikini bottoms off. I could always keep them on, and get some nice tanlines. But I'd spent all morning enjoying being completely naked - why should I stop now, even if it meant putting on a show for the group?
I looked around again and reaffirmed my decision from earlier in the day. The older couple were still there, the gay couple were completely naked and doing their thing. If other people saw me, so what? I looked fantastic, so it was normal for them to stare. I wasn't going to let them dictate what I wore at a clothing optional beach.
I took a breath, slipped of my wet briefs, and set them to the side to dry. Then I lay back and put my sunglasses and hat back on and felt the warm glow of the sun drying my wet skin.
I was very conscious of my exposed pussy. The feeling of the air and sun on it was wonderful, and the idea that the group would see it when they came back from their swim made me all tingly. I could imagine them coming back, one of them noticing and punching the other in the arm, pointing and staring. (Almost) subconsciously I parted my legs slightly, so that from the correct angle a passerby might be able to see right between my legs. I lost track of time as I lay like this, and might even have drifted off to sleep briefly.
I woke feeling hot and a bit sweaty, with that drowsy, dopey feeling you get when you fall asleep during the day. I sat up a bit trying to clear my head. I gulped down some water and checked to see if I was burnt. Not much time seemed to have passed - I wasn't pink and the sun seemed more or less in the same place. The groups on the beach were all the same. I checked my phone - only 20 minutes.
I sat up properly now and crossed my legs, feeling a wet patch under my ankle. I looked down, and saw that my slightly parted labia had been dribbling quite decisively onto my towel. My immediate instinct was to check if anyone was looking and clean myself up with a tissue, but I took a long slow breath, looked around and stayed dead still.
"Let people look if they want to - what's it matter to you?" I told myself.
"...and if they like what they see - even better!" another naughtier voice inside me said.
I decided to stay cross-legged and eat my lunch. With my big hat and sunglasses on I could enjoy the view and spy on the others quite discreetly. Everyone was pretty much doing their own thing - the clothed group was chatting and messing around, the gay couple seemed to be asleep. The older nudist couple were awake - the woman reading, and the man looking in my direction. I saw him reach down and adjust himself and look away.
I smiled as I looked down at my small pert breasts and flat tummy. I looked pretty good, didn't I? I looked down between my legs, where my labia were pouting open and my juices were drying. I should really go and rinse off.
I hesitated again. I really didn't feel like having to put my (almost dry) bikini bottoms on again. But there was no way I was ready to flaunt in front of the group which had already given me a lot of unexpected attention.
It was as if the nudist gods were smiling down on me, because at that exact moment the group sprang to life and started to collect their things. There were no other "dangerous" groups around as far as I could tell - once they had gone the coast would be clear.
They stood up, shook out their towels and after a couple of mournful looks at me from a couple of the men (my heart raced a little), they turned and started walking down the beach in the direction of the forest path.
Feeling particularly brave (and naughty), when they were about 50 yards down the beach and with their backs to me, I decided I would go down to the water. I stood up, pretended to dust a bit of sand off, and with my chest thrust proudly out started walking calmly down towards the sea. I could feel my whole body tingling with energy as I did so. I avoided looking to either side until I reached the water.
With my ankles in the water I did a slow twirl to take in the entire beach. It was long, but they're were maybe 50 people on it in various stages of undress, and I was completely naked in front of them! As I turned I saw the older male nudist and his wife were looking at me, and making moves to come for a swim too. As I kept turning I saw the group of 5 - one of them was maybe 3 yards behind the others, standing there open-mouthed staring at me. I gave a little gasp and kept turning and waded out into the water.
My heart was going to explode out of my chest! In the end I'd just gone and flashed them everything. But what's more, he'd clearly liked what he saw and I had loved him seeing. I squatted down to wash my pussy, although I knew I was going to need another shower at home soon enough.
The group disappeared over the dunes. The older couple came down to the water, and we said hello. The man had a semi, but I did my best to be a good nudist and not stare at it. Eventually I got out and walked proudly and nudely back to my towel. When I arrived I hesitated for a minute.
Why not dry off standing up? The breeze felt wonderful and I would dry faster. I would also be more visible to other beach goers. Secretly, I thought that this second reason appealed to me almost as much as the first.
I stood with my legs slightly apart, my arms straight by my sides, and felt the sun and breeze drying me. To begin with, my eyes darted left and right trying to catch people spying on me. But after about a minute I decided to close my eyes. Even if there were strangers staring at me I wasn't going to stop. I turned around on the spot so I could dry the other side.
Standing there naked I felt wave after wave of conflicting feelings. Freedom and pleasure, as the sun warmed my unclothed body. But also vulnerability, as I exposed myself to the eyes of the world. Hot on the heels of that feeling came a wave of excitement, that started in my tummy and pulsed right down to my toes. When I opened my eyes, I looked around for voyeurs, but no one was staring at me directly. Then I looked down.
Again, there was a clear trail dripping from my labia towards the sand. I squatted down quickly to tidy myself up, searching through my things for a tissue. This was ridiculous!
I decided it was time to head home. I didn't want to get too much sun on my first day. Besides, this was getting a bit too exciting! I got dressed and headed back to the car. At home, I slipped out of my bikini (finding my panties absolutely drenched) and after admiring myself in the mirror had a long and naughty shower. What an incredible day!
It definitely wouldn't be the last time I went to that beach.