It had been several days since my most erotic night with my Master. He had taken time off work for a well deserved vacation and would not be back for 10 whole painstaking days. He left me with several instructions to follow while he was away and had expected me to follow through with them or I am sure there would be quite the punishment waiting for me when he returned. Unfortunately, he would not be able to get in contact with me during these ten days. How was I going to get through the next ten days without my loving Master?
Three days into his vacation, he surprised me with a phone call letting me know how much he missed his adoring cunt. The call was brief but left me feeling so special knowing how much her Master loved and adored his cunt. The following day he surprised me yet again with another longing phone call, expressing to me know how much he missed and ached for his precious cunt. I was truly lucky to have such an adoring and loving Master.
Master called yet again the next day; he had been called into work for a problem and had to come back into town early from his vacation. He asked if I was free tonight and luckily, I had not made any plans.
"Good girl, I will see you in about an hour, be ready for me cunt. Tonight, my sweet cunt, I will officially make you mine, I will collar you," Master informed me.
This thrilled me to know I had earned my collar. Excitedly, I hurried into the shower and paid extra special care shaving that pretty little cunt that Master has come to adore so much. Rubbing it under the warm water, I made sure it was extra baby smooth.
I stepped out of the shower and quickly towel dried myself and took out my very sexy black corset with baby pink spaghetti straps and garter belt. I slipped it on and then carefully pulled on my black pinstripe stockings, making sure the stripe was centered up the back of my legs and attached it to the garter clips. I remained pantiless, as I knew this would please my Master greatly. Standing in front of the mirror, I gave myself the final check over... mmmmm perfect. Master just buzzed up and I let him in, I quickly slipped on a sheer black short robe over top of the corset, throwing my long blonde hair over top and ran to the door to wait for my darling Master.
My heart pounded and my legs trembled with excitement as I waited for his knock. Quickly I opened the door and there he was, taking my breath away as he stood, gazing at me with lust and adoration; he came in and pulled me into his arms.
"My sweet cunt, how I have missed you," he whispered as he lifted my lips to his, gently and tenderly kissing me.
Pulling me tighter against him, I clung to him as I had missed him terribly.
Pushing me against the wall, he stood back and said, "Let me gaze at my beautiful cunt. Mmmmm you look incredible"
He then removed my sheer robe and tossed it to the floor. He pressed his body against mine pinning me against the wall and ravaged me with delicious kisses while teasing my cunt with his fingers; he was pleased to see that his slut was ready and wet for him.
Dropping his pants to his knees, I knelt before him on my knees and took his already hard cock into my mouth; my tongue swirled around it as I took him deep into my mouth. Stroking his wonderful hard cock, I moved to lick and suck his balls, listening to Master's moans and gasps of sheer pleasure. Pulling me to my feet, Master moved me into the living room and bent me over the back of the sofa and drove his cock deep into my eager hungry cunt.
"Is that what my nasty slut has been waiting for?" he questioned.
Gasping I replied "Oh yes! Yes Master, please fuck your slut's naughty cunt!"
With my legs spread wide and slightly raised off the floor, Master fucked me deliciously bringing me close to orgasm. Gripping my long hair firmly in his hand, he pulled my head up from the sofa.
"You are a greedy little cunt, aren't you slut?" he asked.
Breathlessly I attempted to reply, "Yes, oh yes Master, yes I am your greedy cunt!"
Aching for my release I begged him, "May I cum, please Master? Please may I cum?"
He asked me, "Does my greedy whore need to cum now?"
"Yes!" I screamed, "Please!"
"Then do it! Cum now my greedy little cum slut, CUM!" he ordered.
I screamed, as my body was finally given that beautiful release it had been waiting for all week, since I had not masturbated while Master was away. Gasping, still bent over the sofa, Master then pulled me up tenderly and turned me to face him, sitting me on top of the back of the sofa, rubbing my cunt with his soaked cock. I watched his cock tip rub my beautiful spread open wet slit.
"Watch my cock while it fucks my sweet cunt" Master ordered.
I watched as his cock slid deep into that deliciously wet fuck hole. Slowly he lowered my shoulders to the cushions below as my cunt now faced him spread open up in the air. He then pulled his cock out and I watched as Master buried his face and smothered my cunt; giving me an incredible tongue lashing. Master skillfully brought me to orgasm two more delicious times leaving me delirious with desire. Master stopped and announced he wanted a quick shower while I relaxed and had a short smoke break.
Emerging from his shower, he toweled dry and told me to take him to our bed. Taking him by his hand, I led him to our bed, and quickly he pulled me into his arms and kissed me passionately.
Whispering to me, "I adore you."
We gazed into each others eyes and expressed our love for each other. Gripping my hair, he lowered me to his throbbing cock. I pleasured him greatly with my mouth and my hands; bringing him several times to the point of no return. Pushing me onto my back, he poisoned himself between my legs, and thrust his manhood deep into my dripping cunt.
Groaning, he said, "That is where I belong, deep inside my cunt, the cunt of my hearts desires."
Several times he brought me to the edge but I would not cum without his permission.
He then pulled out from my aching cunt, and closed my legs together and ordered me to lie still. Master reached over to the night stand and grabbed the bottle of body oil and liberally coated my tits and began to massage them. The ache in my cunt grew as he feasted on my glistening tits. Slipping his oil slicked hand between my clasped legs I shuddered with excitement as he teased and finger fucked my cunt. Positioning himself back between my thighs, he gripped his cock and went at my cunt furiously.
I begged "Master please, please may I cum. Please?"
I was reaching the boiling point, when Master replied, "Cum bitch; cum all over your Master's cock now!"
Immediately, once I had his permission, I exploded over and over again, squirting all over Master's cock, soaking myself and him in the process.
"Yeah that's it, cum you greedy little cum slut! Keep cumming you naughty whore!" he ordered.
He did not allow me to come down from my high as he began to fuck me. His cock pistoned in and out of my sweet cunt; I wrapped my legs around him tightly. Thrust after hard thrust, I begged once again for permission to cum, to which he granted me.
As my cunt contracted and gripped his throbbing cock like a vise, Master lost all control and came deep inside me. Together we shuddered as we lay in each others arms, kissing softly and tenderly.
After several minutes of cuddling together, we decided to go out into the living room and enjoy a smoke break together and a cold drink. Master Finished his smoke, then slid to his knees before me and spread my legs open and admired my pretty pink cunt and began to feast for a good solid twenty five minutes. It was glorious since I had never had my cunt so properly tended to with such passion and lust. I was floating in air as my wonderful Master brought me to orgasm several times
He then retuned and sat back down next to me and instructed me to straddle his lap and slide onto his delicious hard cock. With my back to him, he lowered me onto his throbbing shaft, watching it as it filled my sweet hole. I leaned back against him, grinding down onto his cock, while his hands wrapped around my bouncing tits and squeezed my hard nipples. Once again I was brought to a huge squirting orgasm where I flooded his cock, his balls, his thighs and the sofa with my sweet hot juices.
"Time to collar you my love, let's take a drive to the lake," Master stated.
We quickly got cleaned up and Master reminded me, no panties and a short skirt. I showed him my short mini red dress and he said it was perfect. I slipped it on with no bra or no panties and grabbed the soft fur blanket and we left for the lake. Arriving twenty five minutes later, we parked and began to walk on the boardwalk hand in hand.
The air was a little cooler this evening with a bit of a chill in the wind. I snuggled in closer for warmth to my Master. We found a picnic area with rows of picnic tables with a shelter overtop, and sat there on the table facing each other. I was getting a little chilled from the cool wind and pressed tight into Master's chest while he held me close.
We began kissing, tenderly, softly when a young oriental couple, walked over to the row of tables ahead of us and began to snuggle together. Within moments we could hear the unmistakable sounds of his hand smacking against her cunt. We moved closer to the end of our table so she could watch us play while she was being deliciously finger fucked. Her eyes were on Master's fingers deep inside me as he finger fucked my cunt. She reached orgasm and began to squirt all over her lover's hand and her juices pooled onto the floor beneath them.
They got up and moved around to the other side of their picnic table to face us and we began to play for one another. I sucked and licked Master's cock while we watched her lover once again finger fuck her into another large squirting orgasm. She then slid down onto her back on the bench; her lover hiked up her dress over her hips. He then pulled the top of her dress away to expose her beautiful soft tits to us. We moved closer to them and Master bent me over top of her, and began to fuck me from behind while I watched her lover's hard cock enter her sweet cunt.
This was deliciously erotic as I watched her beautiful tits bouncing before me and hearing our moans of lust take over. I was allowed to reach down and fondle her tits when she reached up and fondled mine while together we were both fucked into another orgasm. We then sat for a few minutes together, while we enjoyed our smoke, and bid each other good night.
Master said it was now time for his beautiful cunt to be collared. But not at this site, we had to go to our place; the place where Master first fucked his slut outside; our special place on the beach. We got back to the truck and headed to our spot. Another van was there in the parking lot but pulled out and left just as we parked. We had the beach to ourselves, which I thought was perfect since this was something that meant the world to me and I wanted it to be just me and my loving Master with no one else around. We walked down the sandy path gazing at the beautiful view before us. He stopped and pulled me tight against him and just held me. This was our night.
We arrived at our picnic table and I was seated on top as Master held me tightly to him, kissing me softly and so lovingly. Slowly, he raised my short red mini dress up over my head and tossed it onto the table. Immediately I felt that exhilarating rush of being totally naked and vulnerable to him as I now stood before him in total submission. I trembled with desire, aching to have him deep inside me.
"My sweet beautiful cunt, I adore you" he whispered against my ear as he stroked my long blond hair. "You are the cunt of my hearts desires, my sweet slut. Who is Your Master?"
Moaning against him I replied "You are Master."
His hand slid down to my mound as he cupped it firmly in his strong broad hand, "Whose cunt does this belong to slut?"
Gasping I replied, "You do Master!"
He moved around my body caressing it, stroking it, taking my face into his hands, gently kissing me. "From this moment on, you will do whatever your Master asks of you. I now own all three of your sweet fuck holes," he quietly whispered these words into my ear, while he gently slipped the collar around my neck and fastened it. My heart and soul belonged to him and him only.
I suddenly felt we had become one soul, one heart. I felt total complete submission to my Master. I was now his forever. He kissed me passionately, our bodies pressed tightly together.
He took hold of my collar and led me to the end of the picnic table, lied the soft blanket down and lowered my back onto the table, spreading my legs wide in complete submission to him as he drove his cock deep into my aching cunt. He grabbed hold of my collar and yanked me towards him as he thrust into me.
He again asked, "Who is you Master cunt?"
Breathlessly I groaned, "You are my Master!"
He asked, "Who owns your dirty naughty cunt?"
Again I replied, "You do Master!"
Faster and harder he fucked me bringing me close to cumming.
I began to beg wildly, "Please, may I cum Master? Please?"
He then gave me the permission I so desperately needed, "Cum whore, cum now! Cum hard, all over your Master's cock!"
Immediately I came, squirting all over his cock, down his legs and all over the blanket beneath me. As I started to float back into reality, I was suddenly aware of a stranger standing off to the one side of us, beating off furiously. He was an older gentleman who had come upon us quietly in our moment of passion.
"How I would love for both of you to use me as your sex slave" he spoke quietly as he watched Master continue to fuck me.
He continued to make comments about how incredibly beautiful I was as I was being fucked. I was enjoying my Masters cock too much to pay him much attention.
Next he said "How I would love for you to allow me to clean her up with my mouth after you cum in her sweet pussy."
Master then said that it was time to go where he would finish me at home in bed. He knew this man's comments were beginning to make me feel uncomfortable, as well this moment was to be just ours, and we didn't want anyone to join in.
Master helped me to my feet and we gathered our belongings, said goodnight to our voyeur. As we left to head back to our truck, he watched my naked ass walk away and he had an incredible exploding cum session. Back in the truck, I slipped my dress back on, and snuggled up against my Master, as he kissed my forehead and expressed his love for me, I drifted into a light sleep on the drive home.
Once we arrived home, we headed straight to bed, stripping off our clothing as we went. Master kissed me hungrily as we gazed into each others eyes.
"I love you" he whispered as our bodies writhed together.
"I love you Master," I cooed back to him staring deep into his soul.
He climbed on top of me and guided his stiff cock into my swollen well fucked cunt and began to fuck me yet once more. By now, after many hours of fucking, licking and sucking, and fingering, my cunt was sore and tired. He rolled off me and I immediately took his manhood into my mouth, licking and sucking on his balls, taking his cock deep into my mouth. I climbed over top of him with my cunt over his face as he devoured my sweet juices. I buried my face between Master's thighs and tongued his asshole, hearing his sweet gasps and moans knowing I was pleasing him so. I came two more times as I ground my cunt into his mouth, then climbed off and continued to pleasure Master with my mouth.
He moaned, "Its cumming, its cumming,"
I continued to pleasure him with my mouth and my tongue when I felt his cock swell and within moments Master's sweet milk spurted into my mouth. Pulling me into his arms, kissing me tenderly, he praised me.
"Cunt of my hearts desires, how I adore you," he said quietly. I curled up against him happy and content, and within minutes I drifted off to sleep, in the loving arms of my sweet Master with my collar still secured around my neck.