Let me start this by saying at the time, we lived in a rural East Texas area, a nice 2-story home, that had a family room on both levels, the lower family room walked right out to our pool and spa. The lower level also had the master suite and laundry room.
During a week where we were going to have a number of house guests our water heater and washing machine both committed suicide together. The water heater required replacing, but according to the plumber that arrived the washing machine only needed a few parts to get it running good as new again.
When he arrived, I was in a short sundress that showed off my ample 38DD cleavage and freckles. I showed him to the room with the dead appliances and he smiled a youngish sort of smile, not a boy smile, but like a young man who could be all business or all play depending on the whim of the moment. Yes, I of course noticed that his eyes dipped below my chin and drank in the expanse of my natural cleavage, making me perhaps breath just a bit heavier than normal, offering a nice movement of my girls.
I could see him turning to work as I walked back into the family room, and as I retreated, I couldn't help but wonder, what would he think of this soccer mom if he knew I was totally nude under my sundress? As I mused on that point, I decided today was another good day of being the exhibitionist that hubby loved for me to be. Who knows where it might lead?
I sat down in a comfy chair and pretended to read a women's magazine, but I was watching my technician do his "thing" with our appliances. He looked my way a few times and smiled. I let my eyes smile back at him over the top of the magazine. I had no idea what I was reading. He soon came out to tell me the water heater was toast and would need to be replaced. He informed me we could get the same size unit, or we could opt for a bigger unit if we would like. I smiled at him and said I'm always in favor of a bigger unit, if it means better service. He knew, and smiled, telling me he would run to the shop for a new water heater and be back in 30 minutes.
While he was away I busied myself by heating up several danish pastries and making a fresh pot of coffee. I had told him to bring the water heater in through the side gate and onto the patio to our large French doors and I would let him in.
I heard his truck stop and knew he would soon be in the back yard. I started to straighten a few things on the coffee table near the doors and in clear view of the large floor to ceiling windows, and since I was bent over the table, my dress was hiked up in the back giving him almost the view I was hoping he desired. I pretended as though I didn't hear him until he was right at the door. Then I looked sideways at him, hoping he also got a more open view of my cleavage, helped along by three buttons that had somehow come open.
I moved to the doors and opened them both widely and smiled a welcome to him. I patted the water heater and said, "oh this is definitely an engorged unit compared to the older model, and I do like and appreciate that." I smiled his way again and followed up, "I hope it will fit, it looks like it could definitely be a tight fit." He laughed and almost dropped the dolly he had the water heater riding on.
When he got it into the laundry room he turned and replied, "it may be tight but I guarantee my fit and know you will be a happy customer when I get done." I let him see an eyebrow being raised. We both knew we were toying with each other via our words and it was exciting to say the least. It was having the desired effect on my pussy, soaking wet at the moment.
Toying with a plumber was not something I can say I had fantasized about, but here I was almost ready to approach him bare-assed naked and through my wantonness at him, begging to be violated in any number of ways.
While he got back to work, I busied myself in the family room giving him quick views of my tits when I felt I could. He was always smiling my way as I did, making me wonder how he ever got any work accomplished. After 30 minutes I told him I had some danish rolls heating up and a fresh pot of coffee and said I would grab some cups and napkins and be right back.
He tried to make an excuse that he needed to finish his work, but I would have nothing of any excuse and insisted he sit with me for a quick break. He agreed, saying, "a quick break wouldn't hurt." I smiled what I hoped was a wicked sexy smile, "oh even a quickie that hurt might be fun, who knows." And I laughed knowing my words caught him by surprise.
I sat across from him with the coffee table separating us. He didn't notice that I had pulled the hem of my skirt up higher than normal as I sat down and when I wasn't being cautious with my legs, he was getting a very unobstructed view of my bald honey hole. As we drank coffee and ate, I asked if it had been as tight a fit as I thought it might be, and he smiled again, "yes ma'am it was extremely tight, the older unit was just growing tired and couldn't perform as it once did I am sure. You will definitely enjoy the output of this new unit." As he finished, I let my legs open wider and asked, "can we test it out before you are finished to ensure it fits well?" I know some tight fits might need lubrication, but I think you will find ample lube is already available." He gulped his coffee and merely nodded as he watched me unbutton the rest of my dress, my mature 38DD's coming free and showing him how big my saucer shaped areolas were and how thick my nipples had already gotten in my desires to fuck this technician.
I stood up and motioned for him to stay seated. I moved over in front of him and took his hands and brought them up to cup my tits. I whispered to him, "hand bras are so wonderful." He took the hint and began to massage my titties, as I moaned and nudged my way between his now open legs. I knelt before him and grabbed his head and brought his lips to my nipples, "show me how wild a lover you can be, don't be gentle," I begged him.
He quickly had me jumping as his teeth found flesh and tormented my nips in a frantic sort of way. I grabbed his hair and simply pulled him tighter into my tit flesh begging him to leave marks and make them sore.
I started to work on his belt buckle and then his zipper and soon he lifted his butt off the sofa and I quickly pulled his pants and underwear down to expose an extremely hard and very, I mean very thick dick. I knew I was going to be sore by the end of this service call. I also had to get his phone number so I could be assured he would do a return call after all our house guests had left. I knew I would need to have all connections rechecked for a tight fit and certain areas lubed again.
I solicited the sound I wanted to hear when my red lips encased the head of his cock, he moaned in a deep guttural sort of way. He released my milk bags and grabbed my head and before I could breathe again he pushed my head down on his rigid dick. He had no idea at that time how I loved being used in such a way, and I reveled in the gagging reflex I offered him, the back of my throat tickling the tip of his thick cock. He let me come up for air, only to plunge my face and mouth back onto his manmeat. I was loving this treatment and wanted to beg him to not stop, but I was stuffed with dick and could only groan.
He apparently spotted hubby's antique barber's chair as he scooped me into his arms and he stood up with me almost impaled on his dick, oh how I wanted it in me. He sat me in the chair and put my legs over the arms of it so my cunt was completely exposed as was my sweet tight asshole too.
I begged him to fuck me, but he only smiled an evil grin and shook his head, he knelt before my wet hole and sampled the wetness on his tongue and soon he was devouring my cunt lips just as he had done with my nipples. I begged for more, to torment my clit, to tease my asshole. He left no area untouched, even teasing and probing my piss hole with the tip of his tongue. He soon had me screaming out a very wet and sloppy orgasm, I was squirting a solid stream of my juices into his face and he was groveling for more. Next, he was rubbing my cunt juices that were on his face all over my tits. Then he offered my tits to me to suck and I did so as he watched greedy for him to fuck me, to impale me with that monster cock of his.
He stood up to kiss me and I tasted more of me on his wet lips. I love the taste of my cunt and asshole, just ask my lovers and my hubby.
In a surprise move he stood up on the foot pedestal and turned me over so my ass was up in the air. He lubed a finger with my cunt and into my ass he went, first one finger, struggling past my muscle, then two. I was in heaven, oh I love a hot ass fuck, even without lube in some situations. This time was a moment that I only required a little lube from my wet pussy. He popped inside my anus and from there it was an anal frenzy. As I was being finger fucked in my tight ass I felt him pushing my butt lower and I knew I was about to experience a wonderful double penetration with his dual fingers in my ass and his thick cock in my pussy.
It wasn't long before his other hand had his male member in hand and was massaging my labia and I felt myself swell even more. My clit begged his attention and I heard myself begging to be fucked. He teased me with just the head inside and then he pulled out to spank my cunt more with his shaft. I knew I had died and gone to heaven with this plumber turned lover. He could do service calls on me any time he liked. I was hearing his cock slap against my pussy lips in a quickness that soon was taking my breath away because the slaps got harder and harder, and I knew at some point, known only to him, he would plunge his dick into my wet dark cavern and I would feel my legs turn to jelly as he did, the mere thought made me shake.
Yes, I was right, in the blink of an eye, his cock head was hitting my cervix, something hubby could not do with his. He had plunged so deeply into me it caused me to grunt like a feral pig and I knew I was about to receive a fucking like I had not felt in months. I had been invaded and stretched in a very intense fashion and I was soon panting with every stroke. I heard myself begging that he not cum quickly, that he keep on fucking my cunt, yes I was using that word that I hardly ever spoke, so I knew just how very horny I was and in such a wanton need for this fuck.
I am a wife, mother, and respected member of our community and yet here I was groveling, begging to be fucked as if I were simply a common whore. At some point I felt my ass stinging and realized he was randomly spanking my ass cheeks and knew they must be red because of how intense the stinging was feeling. Though his palm slaps were hurting I heard myself begging that he do them harder and that he does not stop. It was then that my cunt unleashed a flow of my squirting juices and I knew I was soaking him and the barber chair collectively.
Then I began to realize that hubby never gives me this kind of fucking and oh how wild it would be for him to see me being used in this way. I looked over at an antique chair and in my eyes I saw him bound in that chair, his hands unable to touch his raging hard on he had developed as he watched and listened to his wife, the mother of our children begging and pleading to be fucked harder, deeper, begging for the pounding to never stop.
The fucking was so rhythmic I prayed it never ceased. I could hear my lover breathing heavier, then he slowed and as he did he reached under me to fondle my titties as they swung wildly. My nipples were pinched until I winced, then just as with my ass cheeks, he began to randomly apply his palms to my milk bags, slapping them over and over until they glowed a bright red. I knew then his palm prints must be on my ass.
As fertile as I had to be I heard myself begging him to dump his manly seed deep inside my cunt. I heard my own voice begging for him to breed me. Oh, dear God did we need another child brought into this world, not by hubby but instead by a man I hardly knew, one I had just met. What a slut I was turning into, yet the words were being verbalized, I wanted his child, wanted his cunt swimmers in me and soon I could feel it, I was being rewarded. His grunting grew wild and I knew he was splashing against my womb canal. Hubby this was the opportunity that we spoke of during sex, that situation that we had simply fantasized about, but today I had seized the moment with this perfect stranger, right here in our home, he was taking me as though I were his to fuck and I was begging for more.
When he finally released my tits and slowly backed out of me, I heard a big dollop of cum hit the foot rest of the barber chair and knew I would soon be cleaning that up, probably nude and reveling in the heat of the moment.
As I watched him dress, I sat in the chair and didn't realize I was massaging his cum back into my cunt, wanting to keep it inside as long as possible. I smiled at him, thanking him for the multiple orgasms and at the same time apologizing for getting him so wet. He laughed and said no need for apology, he loved ever stroke. As he gathered his tools, I asked about the bill. He told me that we would get a bill for the parts and the water heater, but his work was on the house. I nodded and stood to get close to him once again. I reached up to kiss him full on the lips, feeling his scruffy 5:00 o'clock shadow and I reached to fondle his now smaller cock and told him after our kiss that any time he felt we should be serviced to give me a call, I'm sure he would find a leak that needed his attention. I could only imagine what he might do with me the next time.