Author's note: Late For Work, is the prelude to Bus Girl. An anonymous commenter requested Bus Girl's point of view. I'm not a grandpa but I have one who would have scolded me.
*****
I'm twenty-four years old and had never dared to leave the house without wearing panties. This morning when I opened my underwear drawer, I found only clean socks and bras. Barefoot and bottomless, I padded down the hallway to the laundry room. Digging through the laundry hamper looking for underwear I quickly realized that everything in the hamper had the same unpleasant odor.
"Fuck it." I murmured. I didn't have time to wash and dry a pair, so my decision had been a no-brainer.
I put on my waitress uniform blouse and skirt. I stood in the mirror and examined myself. I liked the way my white lace trimmed bra flirted through the crisp white cotton fabric of my blouse. The starched collar, cuffs, black skirt and name tag looked business ready. But my brain's x-ray vision screamed, "Abby, you're naked."
I slowly pulled the hem of my tight black pencil skirt until my nub was exposed. I always knew how short the skirt was, but I never gave it a second thought until now.
"Oh, my god." I muttered. Only eight inches of hemline hid my labia from exposure to my customers. I was going to have to be incredibly careful or it could cost me my job.
I slipped on my shoes, grabbed my handbag and was out the door.
During the bus ride to work my knees were clamped together so tight that I couldn't have inserted a credit card between them. I normally carry my handbag over my shoulder but today I used it to cover my lap. I was terrified that someone on the bus could see up my skirt. Sitting across from me was a little boy and his mom and a man reading a newspaper. I swung my knees to the side and exposed a little more thigh rather than running the risk of flashing them.
At work even when we were busy, I never lost consciousness of my nakedness. I must admit that I did get a bit of a rush when I was standing within inches of a customer. I knew that they didn't know, but I thought the twinkle of guilt in my eyes might give my secret away.
I walked up to table six to take a new order from two men who were a couple of years younger than me.
"Would you like to start off with drinks before you order dinner? I said with a smile.
"Yes, I'd like a pint of Stella." Said the older of the two young men.
"I've got to check ID's, it's a formality?" I explained.
"Of course, but are you old enough to serve us? He replied with a grin.
I took their driver's licenses, confirmed that they were both legal and returned them.
"Yes, I am, thank you. And you sir what would you like?" I said to the younger one.
"The same, but I'd like the 20 oz."
"You've got it, I'll be right back to take your orders." I said as I turned towards the bar.
I noticed that they were both looking at the hem of my short skirt as I turned my tight ass towards them. The skirt had ridden up a little but not enough to expose anything. I could feel my nakedness as I walked away from them and felt a little heat on my chest and face.
"Abby, are you feeling Ok?" Mr. Bostelli asked.
"Yes. Why do you ask?" I replied.
Mr. Bostelli was the owner of the restaurant, he was in his sixties and was a nice man and a great boss.
"You seem a little pre-occupied." He said with genuine concern for my well-being.
"Oh, it's nothing, just girl stuff." I stammered.
"Your face is a bit flush, perhaps you should take a break. I could have Julie cover your tables for a few minutes.
Slightly embarrassed I replied, "No, I'm good, but thank you for offering."
I was thankful that the high-collared blouse and long sleeves hid the heat I was feeling on my chest and arms.
"Ok then, table four needs their water pitcher filled." He said as he walked towards the kitchen.
I returned to table six with their beers and overheard the older one whisper to his friend, "You're on, hotshot. Now prove it."
"Prove what?" I asked as I set their beers on the table.
"My friend here made me a twenty-dollar bet that he's going to have difficulty proving because it's a socially unacceptable bet."
"It's not either, it only requires her to answer yes or no." The friend responded
"I wouldn't want two friends to spend the rest of their lives guessing. However, something tells me that I'm going to regret this but ask your question?" I said.
"Your uniform is really cute, but my friend here thinks the reason theirs no visible panty lines is because you not wearing any." He said in a hushed voice.
"You're right, one of you would have lost twenty-dollars. But with modern day underwear you wouldn't know either way. So, all ties go to the waitress, it's her choice. Enjoy your beers." I said with a sly smile.
Twenty minutes later, I was at the maître d station checking the reservation blotter. The lower half of my body was hidden by the reservation station. Feeling totally liberated and weirdly emboldened, I reached down and shimmied the hem of my skirt up and exposed myself. I stood their bottomless looking over at the tables in my section when Julie walked up. I pushed my belly closer to the high counter and tried to act normal. She couldn't see that I had lifted my skirt.
"You can hide whatever it is from old man Bostelli, but you're not fooling me. You're acting like you just saw two pink bars on a home pregnancy test." Julie said with a chuckle.
"Unless God is involved, there's no way for that to have happened. If I remember correctly there has to be a penis involved." I chuckled.
"Ok. There you are. I thought maybe you'd been hijacked by aliens." Julie said with a smile.
"Sorry Julie, I haven't been myself today. But I'll be back to normal tomorrow." I replied honestly.
"Anything I can help with?" Julie said with a compassionate smile.
"Yeah, you could let me borrow your panties," I thought, but instead I said, "Nope, I'm good. How's it going tonight?"
"Good, they are all tipping about twenty percent. Can you pick up table three for me, I need to take a quick break?" Julie requested with both a smile and a mini happy dance.
"Go, I got it, take your time." I said with a nod. When she turned to go to the lady's room, I quickly pulled the hem of my skirt back in place and went to table three. What a rush that had been.
I cleared table three and table six. When I opened the table six wallet there was a tip on the credit card receipt and a twenty-dollar bill with a note on the bar napkin that read, "After watching you work your tables, we collectively agreed that you chose not to. Thanks for being a good sport."
I smiled to myself and pocketed the twenty.
The evening ended without any staff discovering my secret. I was relieved, but I was feeling different. I liked not having to deal with my underwear. It was strange and exhilarating to be that free in public. I chuckled at myself for the cheap thrills I was getting from my very poor laundry skills. I guess that I was beginning to feel comfortable in my own nakedness. I had the next two days off and I was looking forward to the break.
*****
On my way home, I plopped down into an empty seat on the bus and sighed with relief. My shift was over, and it was the beginning of my weekend. My purse was slung over my shoulder and the bus was not crowded. I was celebrating in my head that I had made it through the entire shift without being discovered. I looked up and my eyes met for an instant with the old man sitting across from me.
He smiled at me and I smiled back. His eyes immediately darted down to his hands which were in his lap. I shifted in my seat and then I realized what had happened.
My knees were apart, and I was sure that my pussy was exposed. A naughty thought flashed directly to my knees and I widened them instead of clamping them shut. If he had a heart attack it was on him for looking. But he didn't look back, in fact he looked out the window and never looked back all the way to my stop.
Perhaps, I had imagined it. Maybe he hadn't seen my clean-shaven pussy after all. I fought between feeling ashamed of myself and recognizing that I enjoyed the naughty rush that it had given me.