If you haven't read the previous chapters, you don't need to do it now, there is no sequence in these memories, they will go back and forth and can be read independently from each other.
Although we broke up back in 2015, I still cherish some good memories from Jessica, my ex, 1,80m high (almost my height) and not thin, not chubby, just the right amount of flesh to grab and fondle, her mother used to call it "baby fat" natural brunette with a little longer than shoulder length hair and a good handful of tits (no idea the size)! Those memories are good specially because I had a thing about exhibit her and because she, somehow and although very self conscious of her body, always allowed me to do that.
This story is based on true facts but I may have gone from real history to wishful thinking, let you decide what is true and what is my imagination...
____
In late summer 2012, we went a week to Tróia, 1 hour south of Lisboa, a resort city with some nice beaches. We were needing some rest after a long year, and Jess needs to recharge as she was finishing to write her master thesis and was kind of stuck on it, not being able to complete it. I have booked 5 days on an aparthotel, hoping to have some nice weather for some beach days at Praia do Carvalhal, an amazing natural wonder beach and also for Jess to recenter on herself and boost her energy to finish the thesis.But Jess was too concerned with her thesis deadline and couldn't focus on resting, when we were at the beach she only though on the thesis and when she was in the room would just stare blank to the laptop and nothing would come out.Days were passing and she wasn't even going to beach every time I did. Only in the morning she would go to the beach with me, and after lunch I would take her home where she would try again to type a few more words, while I would return to the beach after a quick nap and staying there until sunset, alone. It was in one of those days that I stopped on savage beach on the road to Carvalhal, where I usually saw some cars parked on the main road, crossed a crop plantation field and found a beach with just maybe 10 people on it, mostly couples, and all naked, and not wanting to give my flank, I also stripped for the first time - now I am addicted to naturist beaches!But as the days passed, I couldn't make Jessica go to beach that much and when she was there, she wouldn't do topless. Ok, she would me untie or unclip her bikini top. But never rolled over, never exposed the boobies.And then we came to the last morning in Tróia, after lunch we would return home, about 3 to 4 hours drive distance to the north. As usual, after breakfast in the room, we went to the beach, leaving most of our stuff packed and ready to go. Once arrived, as usual, I have worked the sunscreen on Jess back, unclipping her black bandeau bikini top - one of my favorites, easy to remove (no neck tying) and showed a lot of cleavage and boobies (it was a very narrow strip of fabric), very daring for her standards.I also could apply some on the sides of her boobs, and then she removed it from under her body: "The metal wire structure is hurting me," she told me as if she needed to justify - and I was happy thinking that my luck will change today and she finally would go topless this week.But time passed and she didn't turn over, and when finally did it, she carefully wear the bandeau top again, for my disappointment. I finally asked: "I thought you were finally going topless today... Why covering again? We are almost alone here, baby!""Yeah, yeah, I know what you want but I don't feel like it... moreover, those guys over there are checking me too," she said motioning with her head to a couple of guys, maybe around 20 to 25, laying on their towels perpendicular to the sun, but facing directly us."Let them be, who cares? Even better, give them a thrill," I was trying my best to have her removing the top."No, it would be too obvious," she replied."I can't believe we came so far to have some nice days to rest, to a place where we know no one, and we are still being so strict. All those years together and you still can't get over it," I teased her, knowing that usually this way would make her ego torn and eventually make her go topless. But not yet, at list... She just went to the water, refreshed herself and returned, staying dressed and getting some more sun on her front.Later she would turn back and asked me to apply another coat of sunscreen, which I did unclipping again the bandeau top. But something changed on her, as she was checking if the couple of guys where still checking on her. And when she finally saw them facing us again, she hold the bandeau top but did not clipped it, and then turn over, just leaving the top over the tits.I was getting excited, thinking she would finally go for it, after all was almost noon, it would be the now or never moment. I pushed her again: "Baby, just take that top off for once, go on!""No way, I am not that easy," she replied.My face was dumb with that answer: "What do you mean?"And she just replied it: "Imagine what they will think of me?"I laughed: "Probably, that you are a prude!"Jess raised a little her body and suspended her weight on her elbows, and the bandeau moved down a little, the areolas start to show a little. I moved my hand to take the top but she just looked to me with a "don't you fucking dare," and that solved the question.As usual, by noon the wind would intensify and it helped to move a little more the bandeau, but still covering her. She lays down again, not touching the top, And a few minutes later, a stronger gust finally moved the top enough to show her left nipple. I checked the guys and just saw them doing a hi five, they were happy with what they were seeing, but I was even more.Jess seemed to be sleeping - or maybe just pretending - and only a few minutes later she noticed of the bandeau movement almost exposing her right boob too. She arranged it to cover them again, but didn't removed it, for everybody's disappointment.It was almost 1pm, and we need to go, the aparthotel would allow us to do check-out until 3pm. So I sadly I told her: "let's pack, we need to go for lunch, shower and check-out!"Jess raised herself again on her elbows, but the sudden movement made her left nipple almost came to view. She then used one the hands and pushed the top off from the left nipples, totally exposing it and looked to it for a few seconds, before covering it and then do the same to the right nipple. The guys had a big smile on their faces when she looked to them and smiled too. I gave her the t-shirt on that moment and she finally removed the top, put it on the towel, and took almost 1 minute fiddling with the shirt before wearing and finally covering her magnificient boobies.It wasn't the way and the time I would like, but I was still happy that she flaunt them a little to the guys and to me. Just the way I like, in public. And so we left the beach, she was braless, and when we get to the car, she told me she was excited and wanted to go to hotel before lunch - where we end up making passionate love due to her mini-show exhibiting herself to those guys and giving me another nice memory.
_____
This might be the last memory being shared, maybe other histories can also shared by themselves, no longer under this thread.