Wednesday morning I arrived at the coffee shop. Anna was already there in a corner, sipping her coffee. Her red curls were pulled back and she was looking down at the table. Her fingers held a gold pen that was tracing designs on the outside of a white envelope.
As I brought my coffee to the table, she looked up and I noticed her hand trembled. I sat down quietly and simply slipped my envelope towards her. We read while we sipped our coffees. It was the same story.
"We were both there." She whispered. I nodded.
She looked at me. "Would you have written such a story?"
It was a good question. I hadn't ever thought of that scene. I told her so and asked her the same question. She responded with a negative shake of her head.
"Well." I said. "Let's make this interesting. I will write a story and you as well. We'll drink the tea again. Let's see what happens."
Anna laughed. "I like that." She responded. "I have a lot of ideas."
We talked a bit and then both headed back to the office.
That afternoon I slipped my flash drive into my computer and began my story.
The secret society met on Friday evenings after the full moon, always. All participants met at a movie theater, which was created for erotic pleasure only. Discretely hidden in an old warehouse, it was decorated with velvet drapes and iron railed stairs. We were the first to arrive. We were met at the door by a tall elderly gentleman who escorted us to the refreshments where there was the amazing tea and small nuts, fruit and clever candies. In this place a movie was filmed every week.
Where the title of the movie would have been posted, were directions.
"Tonight the movie is "Strip Poker...and more"
On one side of the warehouse a movie theatre had been constructed with soft velvet chairs. On a small stage in front of the screen were two throne like chairs that all who sat in the audience could see. There was also something like a carnival or roulette wheel that had colors and numbers. There were two carnival or roulette looking wheels. One wheel was red and the other green. Each seat was marked red or green. The wheel was turned. Red determined the activity, and green dictated moving partners. The ones in the chairs moved the wheel and specified the activity. As my husband and I took our seats, two people came onstage. I noticed it was Anna, tall and regal wearing a white nearly see-through lace dress, her husband was wearing a tuxedo. He spun the red wheel. Anna announced: "Shirts and blouses removed!"
I slowly undid the buttons of my blouse, my husband removed his shirt. He wore his t shirt while I shivered in my bra. I loved him in his shirt, his broad shoulders and arms still muscled at the end of the sleeves.
I heard the green wheel turn and her husband announce, "Women sit on the lap of the man to your right." Of course my husband was on my right, and I sat on his lap. Music played and I heard murmurs as women sat on laps. Soft sighs were heard as the screen flashed scenes from last week. I watched one of our group unzip a man's pants, and as Anna pointed to them, he and his wife moved up to the stage and she took out his cock and began to lick it. She looked into the camera knowing that she was being filmed.
The wheel again clicked and Anna's husband said. "All women shall be naked from the waist down." The women stripped, some slowly and seductively and some quickly and lustily. My husband took in the curves, hips, asses and pussies with hunger. Ogling might be the accurate term. After I shrugged out of my skirt my husband held me close.
Then the voice said, "All women who have an "L" in their last name report to the stage." That meant me.
I walked to the stage in my bra and nothing else. As this group of women naked from the waist down walked to the stage the red chair said, "Now all lay down and lift your legs in the air." I laid there with the other women, with our pussies in view. Then, the wheel turned again and the announcer instructed, "All men will come to the stage and caress or touch each woman, as she likes it."
The camera came by and each woman was on view and each man as well. I lay there on the stage while man after man came by, some softly touched my pussy and others slipped fingers between the folds and kissed, licked and plunged fingers deeply creating deep sensations. I was yearning for more and more. I could feel my liquid pouring out. Each man was different but each seemed to know just what my pussy wanted and how it liked to be touched, sucked and entered. Then out of the corner of my eye I saw my husband watching. He was instructing each man, telling what to do, where to lick me. Saying don't let her come yet. Just what I was thinking. I wanted this to last and last.
The camera man was walking down the line. The red chair then announced, "Each women on the stage is going to come, one by one but only when the camera is on her. Next month watching the parade of women coming, the looks of ecstasy, the shudder, will be our movie."
The camera caught the faces, tits, pussies and sounds of women coming.
When it was my turn to come for the camera my husband said to me, "Sweetheart you look so hot, I have my cock out and it's so hard. A woman has been licking me all this time but I am going to come for you and you for me."
The man playing with my pussy as he said this was circling my clit with his tongue and had his hands on my nipples. My husband said to him, "Bring your hands down slowly ftom her tits to her pussy, then slip your fingers deep inside her, bring them in and out slowly." I felt this rush of pleasure.
"She's so wet." He said. "The perfume of her pussy is intoxicating."
"Good," my husband said. "Now, harder and quicker." As he talked he breathed heavily and he groaned.
"My cock is disappearing into this beautiful women's mouth," he said. "You are close aren't you?"
Oh good heavens I thought. I am so close.
"Come first my handsome beautiful husband." I murmured.
"Now. Here in front of all these people." I said huskily.
I heard his loud groan as he came hard. The woman stepped away as his cock spurted and his cum rained over my body. I rubbed it into my breasts and across my stomach. He stepped close to where I lay and I pulled his softening cock in my mouth and gently cleaned it. My pussy still ached, waiting.
My husband's fingers replaced the other man's and he stepped back with others in the audience to watch. I felt the familiar tingling.
"Don't come yet." My husband whispered. "Wait".
It was agony to wait knowing everyone was watching, was looking at me hearing the sounds of my wet pussy. I saw the person filming stand in front of me and I began to shudder. As my hips bucked, my husband groaned with me and he began to touch his cock that was jerking as it hardened. I pulled it in my mouth as he continued to finger me. While I held his cock gently licking, I shook with the ending tremors. We walked back down to the seats and held each other while the camera moved on to another couple. I heard another couple say "that was really hot."
As I finished writing the dream, I pulled the flash drive out of the computer and double checked that nothing remained on the computer. I thought of giving this to my husband, but reconsidered. First I would share it with Anna on Monday. As I walked to the lady's room I thought I saw a familiar face in the hall. I glanced back, no I shook my head, darting into the family restroom, where I could clean up unnoticed.
As I walked back to the office there was a white note on my desk.
All it said was 'well done'. It was written in the old fashioned script no one teaches anymore. A cup of tea sat on my desk. An old cup, a China one with beautiful flowers.
And underneath it was a story. Written by Anna. By this time I was not surprised that it too took place in the theater and that a movie was being made. Whatever was going on here was beyond me. I just went with it. In Anna's story the event started with a dance. It went like this.
When we walked in we were given the instructions in written form. One for me and one for my husband. Mine said that with each change of song I should change partners and offer my new partner whatever sex act I felt like performing- kissing, grinding, sucking, fucking. My pussy tingled at the possibilities. I wondered with my husband's card said. We danced the first dance and I said to him, "I'd like to give you a quick blow job."
He smiled and said, "Wonderful. But first you must let me finger your pussy while we dance."
Ahh I thought. The men get a wish in the bargain too. The possibilities were delicious.
On the first switch I saw a man with his zipper down and his cock sticking out. I go to him. I have this technique where I can kiss the tip of a man's cock and use my tongue just so, so that he reaches the edge of no return, the ultimate pleasure right before coming and I can keep him there for as long as I want. I want to do it to as many men as I can. I whisper this to him and he smiles and nods. "But first," he says." I want to lay on the floor and have you squat over me and let me lick your pussy under your skirt."
I sank over him and his hands came up to my bottom. Couples moved around and I watched them stroking, kissing and unrobing. One man had pulled his partner's skirt up and as she danced, he turned her so all could see the beauty of her ass, he bent her over and from behind thrusted fingers deeply inside her and she pushed back at him. My own pussy was singing and leaking as my partner licked up one side and another. His flat tongue moved over me and I sighed.
He stopped and smiled and taking me off the dance floor to a sofa, where he undressed me and began gently licking me again. A staff member who wore a black skirt and pearls came up and asked me if I would like a toy. I nodded yes and moaned.
My partner took the long plastic cock and slowly moved it in me while he looked in my eyes. It moved deeply inside and he continued to watch. Others gathered and soon he was pulling it out and pushing it in. He stepped away for a moment to slip on a condom and then he sat on the sofa, and pulled me onto his lap. We moved together slowly.
I slipped off and landed at his feet. His cock was rock hard. I licked from his balls to the tip. Each stroke seemed like magic-it grew and grew. I puckered my lips and blew gently on the tip. I teased with my tongue. I kept him on the verge of coming for the entire second song.
As the song ended, I took the juices from my pussy and rubbed them on my breasts and then I cradled his cock between them, alternating licking and sucking. And then I dropped down and pulled him as deeply into my throat, humming on his cock. He exploded. Cum was dripping off my lips.
As we calmed I looked for my husband. I saw across the dance floor he was pushing his cock into a woman's pussy. He was sliding slowly in and out. I watched my husband while another man stood in front of me. As I watched my husband move in and out of her, the cheeks of his beautiful ass clenching and pulling back, I pulled my new partner's hardening cock into my mouth. Behind me another man lifted my hips and spread my legs, slipping the dildo back inside me and gently pushing it in and pulling it out.
While I continued to suck cock, the man behind me pulled out the dildo and rode me hard and fast. He came quickly in my pussy. It was filmed on the large screen and when I looked up I saw that somehow I was naked.
My husband and I met in the middle of the dance floor. We were both exhausted and glowing. We clung onto each other as the music played barely moving. We kept whispering our love for each other, until the Old Woman came and gave us two robes and a key "Room 81, on the third floor" she whispered.
We drifted upstairs, too tired to find our clothes and slid into a soft warm bed. We fell asleep and woke up in each other's arms. As soon as we began to whisper softly, there was a discreet knock at the door, a beautiful tray was in her arms, there were small meats, sweet biscuits and a flash drive.
"For you" she smiled. "Many happy nights".
I realized there were many many stories on the tape, a Shiherizod of sexual delights.