My husband was going to phoenix to celebrate his graduation from UOP. We stayed at the Ritz hotel downtown. After a great dinner at the cheese cake factory and finished off 2 bottles of wine, we headed back to the hotel. I wanted to go to the pool and he wanted to stay in the room and fuck the hell out of me. I tell him we can compromise to make us both happy. I tell him lets go to the pool and he can fuck me as much as he wants to while we are there. So we got back to the room and changed into one of my favorite suits.
We got to the pool we look around. It is on the second floor but outside. The pool is looked down on from many of the rooms and there is a bar in the pool area. So the first thing we do is get us a double shoot of gray goose and a glass of wine. The more I drink the hotter I get. The bar tender is tall and thin with a great smile and his name tag say hi is from Haiti.
It is starting to get dark and he tells us the bar will be closing in half an hour. We tell him before he closes up to stop by and check to see if we need another drink. After downing the shoots and putting the wine on a table we jump in and swim around a little while. The only other people around is another couple that are setting off to the side and not paying any attention to us.
By now, I am really starting to feel the wine and vodka. I am trying hard to look normal so people know one will know that I am having a hard time staying upright. Therefore, I am holding on to the side of the pool to keep upright. My husband comes up to me, reaches around, and grabs my hips pulling me up close to him. He then starts to kiss me and rub my ass. I can feel his cock rubbing into my ass. I am facing the couple so they cannot see what he is doing but I notice that the bar tender is watching us out of the corning of his eyes.
He tells me how he likes it that he was going to cum in my pussy with people only a few feet away. He then slides his hands around to my front and starts to rub my nipples while he spreads my legs with his legs. He continues to rub his cock on my ass. He then reaches down and pulls his cock out and lets it slide in-between my legs. Reaching around me he slides his hand into the front of my suit and rubs my pussy. I tell him he is going to get caught. He tells me that if someone catches us he would blow his load in me immediately.
He starts to slide my suit aside so that he can stick his cock in my pussy. In order to get it in he lifts me up a little more and pulls me away from the side some. At this time the bartender is not ever pretending that he is not watching. As my husband starts to slide his cock in and out of me the bartender walks over to us and says he is closing up the bar. With my husband's cock in me we both order another double shoot. He then asks the couple if they want anything. They say no and get up and leave. My husband continued to slide his cock in and out of my pussy and rubbing my tit and pinching my nipple.
When the bartender comes back with our drinks he tells us that the drinks are on the house and that he hopes we enjoy are time at the hotel. He then looks at my husband and tells him that he does not mind people having fun at the hotel but for us to be careful not to get caught having too much fun. My husband who lives to share me with anyone he can when I have been drinking, slides the top of my suit up and my tits fall out. He then starts to pull on my nipple while the bartender is just looking down on us. He then tells the bartender how I have been telling him how much I would love to suck his cock while he fucks me.
The guy looks around and says that might not be a good idea. Anyone could look out the window and see us. He tells him that it is ok if he does not want my wife to wrap her lips around his cock until he cum all over her face and tits. He then asks me is he serious. I tell him that he is lying about me talking about him; he just likes to force me into doing things that he wants to see. Normally he waits until I am too drunk to stop him and then has people do whatever they want to me.
The bartender says the way I drank the last 2 shoots that I would be out shortly. I tell him not yet but if he brings us over the bottle that it would be well worth his while. He quickly goes and gets the bottle and hands it to me. I downed at least four or five shots strait. I tell him he should kneel down and show me what he has in his shorts. While he does this I down the rest of the bottle and I then reach out and grab his cock and think to myself that I cannot believe that I am doing this. I pull him close to me and start to suck on his cock.
I do not remember him cumming or anything after that. My Husband tells me that the bartender cums in my mouth. Next, the two of them pull me out of the pool and lay me down on a table. He tells me I was out of it but keep sucking on the bartender's cock. My husband tells me that he then pulled off my bottoms and tells the bartender either he can cum in my mouth again or any other hole he wants to. The guy asked him if this is ok. He tells him maybe or maybe not but he would let him do whatever he wanted.
The bartender tells him he has always wanted to fuck a woman up the ass. My husband tells him he would never have a better chance. So the guy pulls his cock out of my mouth and moves around and put my legs up on his shoulder and tries to push his cock up my ass but can't get it in. The bartender asked my husband to go over to the bar and get something to lube my asshole.
My husband returned with strawberry syrup use to make drinks. My husband tells me that he grabbed my legs and held them up and spread them so that my pussy and ass were pointing right at the bartender. The bartender then pours the syrup all over my pussy and ass. He first licks some of the syrup off of my pussy before he works he cock into me. My husband tells me he just pushed it in and started fuck me in the ass as hard as he could. He tells me it only took a few minutes before he cums.
When he was done, he asked if he could take a few pick of me and my husband tells him go for it. He tells me the guy took pick of me with his cock in my mouth and in my pussy. My husband even took some pics for the bartender so that you could see him and me.
When they finished taking pictures, he had the bartender help walk me back to the room. They did not bother to put my suit back on. Therefore, they walked me through the hotel, up the elevator, and to the room. The whole time I had no bottoms on so anyone could see my pussy or ass and my top pushed up and my tits hanging out.
Once they got me back to the room, my husband lets the bartender fuck me once more and he filled my pussy with what cum he had left. When the guy was done my husband asked him if he wanted to do anything else before he left. The guy told him he was done but if my husband was interested some of his friends worked in the hotel and might want to try. I will save that for my next story but I will tell you I was fucked by 4 more guys that night.