Black curly tangles fall down her shoulders. Adam watches her dancing, hips rolling slowly from side to side, arms above her head and crossed at the wrists. Her legs long, writhing and dark. He can feel himself growing as he watches her ass straining against the seams of her tight black jeans. She has them slung low, the button undone at the top.
She isn't wearing any panties, Adam can see that now. His cock takes notice and grows harder. The smooth tan of the very top of her pubic mound is visible where her zipper has ridden down, a casualty of her gyrations. Full, round breasts threaten to escape a tight, black band t-shirt. The Cramps.
It's a sauna down in the basement. Gerry's had a fog machine rolling for the party. All the people packed in together down here has the temperature up. It was cooler early in the afternoon, so the heat had been kicked on. "And it'll stay on," Gerry mentioned. "If the bitches get too hot they can always take more off. The plan worked. As it is now, most everyone has stripped down to one degree or another.
Gerry has his hands all over raven-hair now. She's probably completely wasted, but she still playsto him. Adam watches jealously as grinds her ass back against Gerry's dick. His groping hands are under her shirt, urgently kneading her breasts while he rounds his hips in time with the music.
The dance floor is full of others in various states of undress and inebriation. Adam only knows a few of these people. He glances to his left, sees two blondes dancing close. One is stripping her shirt off, exposing small, pleasingly round tits framed by a lacey demi cup bra. She sways left and right as the shorter girl slides up and down her taut stomach, licking playfully at her glistening body and running her hands along the small of the statuesque girl's back.
Adam looks back to Gerry, hell, barely even knows him. He's definitely never seen raven-hair before tonight. He cannot stop looking at her. Gerry has her shirt pulled up now, over the tops of her breasts. They hang, large and teardrop shaped where he has freed them from her bra. Her nipples are large and extremely hard under Gerry's plying fingertips. Her mouth forms an "oh", but the thudding music is too loud to hear. Other people are looking now, only half-remembering that they are dancing.
Adam's dick is oak in his pants. Absently, he reaches down to rub himself through the denim. He feels a rush of pleasure while he watches the girl turn to Gerry and pull his mouth to hers, kissing him deeply and drunkenly. Adam could kill Gerry as his hands comb over that huge, round ass and squeeze. He slips one hand down the back of her jeans. They pull down just enough that Adam sees now that she is most definitely not wearing panties.
And then her back is to Gerry's again, only now his hand is down the front of her jeans. He's pulled the zipper down all the way and his hand works furiously at her. While he fingers her there on the dance floor in front of everyone Gerry thrusts against her ass with desperate motions.
Adam realizes that he's rubbing himself hard. Several folks are no longer watching just Gerry and his partner, but glancing in Adam's direction, too. He feels his face flushed and red, but he cannot stop.
And now the black-haired beauty turns to face Gerry again. Her hands undo his pants and free a throbbing staff from his jockeys. She locks eyes with Gerry and slowly licks the palm of her hand. She takes his huge cock in hand and begins stroking him roughly in time to the music. Almost no one else is dancing.
It's too much for Adam. He barely knows these people, anyway. A few deft movements and his own cock is free, in his hand, pants undone. He strokes in time with the object of his desires.
She goes down to her knees and takes Gerry's thick rod in mouth. She sucks slowly and playfully at the head, continuing to stroke the shaft while the music pounds. Gerry runs his hands through her hair, and then he's moving his hips, slowly pressing his prick in and out of her glistening mouth. His thrusts are shallow at first, but slowly on each thrust he penetrates a little deeper. Then a little more, a little more.
Adam watches. He sees her take her hand from Gerry's cock. It disappears down the front of her own pants, now hanging almost completely off of her tanned backside. His own strokes speed up. He reaches into his pants with his other hand, cupping his balls. He toys with them, pulling at them and rubbing. The head of his cock is now slick with pre-cum and he strokes faster again.
Another guy takes his dick out. He's huge and swollen, more than eight inches pulsing and contracting. The other man's shaft is so big that he strokes up and down with both hands, beating himself off furiously.
One of the women to Adam's left has been pressed back against a pole supporting the basement ceiling. She has her skirt up completely over her hips. An extremely tiny red thong has been hastily yanked halfway down her legs, pulled tight between her thighs. The tall blonde has the woman held there with one hand around her throat, the fingers of her other hand busily ramming in and out of a pink, slick cunt.
Gerry is holding the raven-haired girl's head in both hands now. Furiously he pumps his prick in and out, deeper and deeper into the girl's throat. She has both hands on his hips and is either trying to keep him from going too deep, or she's guiding him to thrust harder.
Adam feels the head of his prick swelling, his balls tighten. The man with the enormous cock ejaculates suddenly. A single jet of thick, white spunk explodes from his twitching cock and disappears into darkness. Soon, Adam will be joining him.
He jumps as he feels a warm, soft hand on his chest, under his shirt. The blond to his left, fingers of her other hand still inside the girl leaned against the pole, she is softly stroking his chest. She says something. In the noise and the darkness he cannot make it out, his head swims with arousal. He nods yes with no idea what he might be agreeing too.
She draws a swift trail with her fingertips down his chest and stomach. Her handle tickles him just above the prick. And then she's grabbing his stiff cock, stroking hard, fast. She pumps him with one hand and continues to finger fuck the other woman, her head back now, lost in ecstasy.
He looks back to the black-haired goddess. Gerry is absolutely pounding the fuck out of her face. Adam can see her makeup running. Her hands lay only limply against Gerry's thighs as he hammers her throat over and over. At last, he grabs tightly to her head and shoves his cock in absolutely as far as it will go, pressing her face down directly against his pubis, holding her head there with his hands and forearms. Gerry's hips buck wildly as he comes long and hard down her throat.
Adam feels himself tighten up as Gerry spends, the blonde takes her hands out of the other girl's twitching pussy and shoves them hard into his mouth. He can taste the musky juices of this strangers cunt, and he's finished. Gerry bucks again, the fingers press harder and harder into his mouth, and the blonde strokes his shaft up, squeezing hard just under his head.
He explodes. Rope after rope of thick cum spurts from his cock. Adam almost collapses as pleasure courses through his body. It goes on and on, he comes for what seems like forever. when he opens his eyes the blonde is looking at him intensely. She takes her wet hand from his cock, and licking it slowly, smiles at him.