"College is a time to experiment." I'm pretty sure it was Ryosuke who first told me this. I think at the time he was trying to get me to buy into some kinky fetish he wanted me to do, but still maybe he was right.
When I first started going out with him, I had this picture that the two of would have this romantic relationship, holding hands, moonlit walks on the beach, sipping milk shakes with two straws from the same glass. We did have some of that, but there was this more confusing side to our relationship. One thing was when I first arrived in Oceanview, he'd already been here for two years, so there were other girls he maybe dated or... I don't know... did whatever with. I didn't ask for details. Honestly, I didn't want to know.
I had met at least two of these women: Masayo and Kiyomi. It was weird because even though he was with me, I think these two in particular still liked him. I went camping with Ryosuke, Kiyomi and her new boyfriend Eden, and that was so messed up. Eden was just weird. He'd been spying on us, and then he got all excited, and told us these crazy stories about what he was dreaming. I don't know what he thought was going to happen between the four of us. Partner swapping? An orgy? A foursome? It was a bit hard to imagine. Anyway, I was just glad to get back to Oceanview, and have things go back to normal. I'll tell you that whole story some time.
My intention, my plan was just to keep things simple. I liked Ryosuke. Any other guys I knew would just be friends. As long as they understood that, things could work. That was still true more or less, but as I'll explain, it sometimes got complicated. Anyway, I shouldn't blame this on Ryosuke. What did happen was my doing, my bad. Sometimes I get carried away, and end up getting into trouble. Life is never simple.
I think the summer after my freshman year was when I first met Takuya and his best friend Hiro. The two of them were Japanese exchange students, living in my friend Satomi's dorm for the summer. Takuya is very tall, like I mean American-size tall, and he's funny, the way he acts. Maybe he does it on purpose. He's not movie star handsome. He wears horn-rimmed glasses, but he does have a certain kindness in his face, something you wouldn't expect from the way he talks. He has dreams too. He wants to be a movie director. I can appreciate that, being creative I mean, having big dreams. I like movies too.
Hiro is much shorter, maybe even shorter than me, but he is very cute like a Japanese pop idol. He's a little bit nervous, and gets himself in trouble, but after coming to America, he relaxed, and matured a bit. He'd make a nice boyfriend for someone I thought. Satomi was a bit interested in Hiro. Just to help her out, I used to hang around with the three of them, be her wing-woman or whatever.
My relationship (if you can call it that) with Takuya was pretty much of a non-starter at first. He proclaimed quite loudly that he did not like "older women." He was 18, and I was like 21 when we first met. I'd really never encountered this before, being treated as "older" I mean, and it bothered me. It almost felt like a challenge, to win him over, show him what it was like to go out with someone with a bit more experience.
I hung around Satomi's dorm a lot that summer. When Satomi would go to sleep early, I'd come down to the common room, and sit with the group of them, Takuya, Hiro, Jorge and Ricardo, their Mexican friends. We'd mostly just watch TV, and chat making jokes about whatever came on. The boys would be drinking, and offer me beers, but I don't drink beer. I don't drink much at all actually.
One night Takuya brought me a can of a drink I'd never seen before. It said yogurt peachtree fizz or something like that on the label. I thought it was just a yogurt drink, but after I drank it, I felt lightheaded. It must have had peach liqueur in it. The details of that night are a bit hazy, but after the others went to bed, I have this vague memory of Takuya asking me what my sexual fantasies are. I don't remember now exactly what I told him. I probably shouldn't have told him anything, but like I said, I might have been a bit drunk.
Then one day, I went up to Satomi's room, and found her talking with Takuya and Hiro. I said hi, and chatted a bit, and then out of the blue, Takuya asks,
"Hey. Do you girls want to go out sometime?"
I was a bit surprised. I thought he was interested in some Portuguese girl in his English class.
"Like where?" Satomi asked. I knew that Satomi is a bit interested in Hiro, and I wanted to help her.
"How about the beach?" I suggested.
"The beach? Not again!" Satomi moaned. I often drag her to the beach, but we'd never been with these two.
"Or maybe we could go shopping first," I singsonged. "I want to get a new swimsuit."
"We just bought new suits!" she protested. Even though it sounded like a complaint, she looks cute when she says these things, blinking her big eyes, batting her eyelashes. I think she likes to make a big deal about little things, overreact. That's just part of her sense of humor.
"Yeah, but you never wear yours, and mine is a bit too..."
"Too what?" Takuya perked up. I was tempted to say 'indecent.' One suit I'd bought had an indented seam that runs along the crack of my yoohoo. I couldn't very well wear that in front of Takuya and Hiro. They already have the impression that I'm a bit of a 'bad' girl. A lot of people in Oceanview, my host family, my classmates, seem to think I'm a good girl. Who knows? Maybe I'm a bit of both.
"Anyway, I want a new suit," I insisted.
"OK. When?" Hiro asked.
"Saturday maybe around 10, 10:30?" I suggested.
"Sounds good. Let's do it!" Takuya beamed.
That Saturday, I woke up, had a shower, and came back to my room to decide what to wear. That was still early days, so I hadn't completely Americanized my wardrobe yet. I did have a comfy white stretch cotton t-shirt and a pair of stone-wash blue jean shorts, kind of coming apart at the bottom. Nothing fancy. I kind of wanted Satomi to be the star of the show. She's the one without a boyfriend. I pulled on a bra and panties, plain white, and then my shorts and t-shirt. I did put on a black hair band around my wrist and my black leather choker with a bell and a ribbon bow on it because I thought they look cute. When I went downstairs, I pulled on my tan sandals, and buckled them up. I brought a little purse with my smartphone, sunglasses, a baseball cap and other stuff inside.
I took a bus downtown, and met them at the entrance of the largest mall in Oceanview. Satomi came early. She was wearing a turquoise sweater and white pants, a bit baggy, but cute I guess. Takuya was wearing a cap and a navy suit jacket over a grey hoodie, his movie director look I guess. Hiro must have spent hours on his hair. I began to fool with my own long hair, a bit self-conscious. I checked myself in a mirror. I looked OK I guess.
We paired off, Takuya walking next to me, and Hiro with Satomi.
"They make a cute couple," I whispered to Takuya.
"What? Who? Hiro and Satomi?" He seemed surprised.
"All they need is a little time alone together."
He mulled this over.
Once we walked down further, this girl cried out,
"Takuya! Hiro! Over here."
The girl was Japanese, around the same age as Takuya. She was a 'Gyaru,' a 'Ganguro,' a girl with a deep tan and hair dyed blonde. She had on bright pink lipstick, silver eye shadow and lots of mascara. She wore a tight-fitting bubblegum pink halter, hip-hugger jeans and a low-slung gold belt. You don't see a lot of girls dressed like this in the States, but I'd seen them before in Tokyo. It was quite the trend at one point.
"Ooh, Yuuki. How's it going?" Takuya smiled.
Satomi didn't look so happy that they knew this girl. I knew Takuya likes girls, but I guess we hadn't really seen them hanging around with other girls in the dorm.
"Who are your friends?" Yuuki asked Takuya.
"This is Emi, and that's Satomi. Satomi lives in our dorm on campus."
"Nice to meet you," Yuuki smiled, sticking out her hand for me to shake. I took it, surprised she was so friendly. Maybe she wasn't after Takuya after all.
"Yuuki here runs her own store," Takuya explained, pointing to a cart in the middle of the plaza. It was mostly Japanese character goods: Hello Kitty or Sailor Moon smartphone cases, purses or umbrellas. I'd seen similar things in other stores in Los Angeles. I was impressed by her drive. Here she was fresh out of high school and a businesswoman already.
"I don't actually run it," Yuuki told us. "I just take care of it for Mr. Kishitani. He brings all the stuff over from Japan. Is there anything you are looking for?"
"We came here to shop for swimsuits," I told her.
"Oh, I'm afraid I don't have any swimsuits. Maybe I could get Mr. Kishitani to order some. What kind are you looking for?"
Yuuki was quite the salesgirl. Guys who passed by would turn to look at her. I guess that's why she dressed in such a glitzy way. She was trying to attract customers.
"No, that's OK," I told her. "I think there's a swimwear store in the mall."
"Bikini Typhoon!" she exclaimed. "Yeah, it's just down the way a little."
Takuya and Hiro kept talking with Yuuki, but I wanted to get moving, so I grabbed Satomi's sleeve, and signaled her we should go.
"Hey! Listen, guys. We're going on ahead."
Takuya paused for a second, but then told Yuuki,
"I guess we'd better go too. Anyway, nice to see you, Yuuki."
"Drop by anytime," she purred. Satomi seemed pretty jealous, but I think she was worrying about nothing. They didn't seem that close anyway.
"Are you guys shopping for anything?" I asked.
"No, not really. We just thought we'd hang with you," Takuya grinned. Satomi looked a bit nervous. I took her hand, nodding that it would be alright.
We walked down a bit further, and found Bikini Typhoon. I'd been here before with Ryosuke. The salesclerk this time was an American woman, perky and smartly dress. She said hi when we walked in. The inside was done up in a Polynesian theme with these really brightly colored swimsuits and pareos and Hawaiian music playing. It reminded me of when I lived in Hawaii.
"Can I help you?" the saleswoman asked us. Her name tag said Patricia.
"Some kind of one-piece maybe," Satomi murmured shyly. Takuya rolled his eyes. Most of the girls on the beach in Oceanview wear these skimpy little bikinis. Patricia did manage to find some one-pieces for Satomi to try.
I looked to see what else they had. I was hoping to get a colorful suit: bright orange or lime green. They didn't have exactly what I was looking for, but I picked out a pink and yellow floral pattern one and another lavender one. There was a solid pink one that caught my eye, but it looked a bit small, not much material to it. Maybe I'd better try the others first.
I took the other two suits, and headed back to the fitting rooms. Takuya and Hiro had already followed Satomi to the back, and were lingering around outside her booth.
"Hey! Give the girl some privacy," I barked.
"What?" Satomi asked from behind the curtain.
"It's OK, Satomi. They're backing off."
Takuya and Hiro moved away, and I went into my own booth. I suddenly remembered this booth. The time Ryosuke and I came, we'd actually made love here. I blushed at the memory. We don't usually make out in stores, but we kind of got carried away that day. I don't know what got into me. I guess it was more Ryosuke's idea, but still... I was getting hot just thinking about it.
The curtains on these booths were kind of flimsy, so I peeked out trying to see where the boys had got to. I tried to move away from the door, but there was a full-length mirror on the back wall showing my reflection. There was nowhere to hide.
"How are you getting along over there?" I called over to Satomi.
"I'm almost ready," she said cheerfully. It was good that she wasn't freaked out by the curtains. Maybe I'm overreacting. I hung the bikinis on the hook. The floral one had side ties, so I decided to try on the more conservative lavender one first. I glanced back out the opening, but I couldn't see the boys. I hope they're not peeking in on Satomi. Suddenly, Takuya's booming voice rang out.
"If either of you girls needs any help, I'd be glad to oblige. I work for Mizuno."
I laughed. Mizuno is a famous maker of swimsuits in Japan.
"Oh really?" I teased. "You never mentioned that. When was this?"
"Oh, for a couple of years now. I'm in the ladies fitting department."
So funny. He is a funny guy. I relaxed, and unbuckled my sandals.
"They taught me how to do up those little hooks at the back of the bra part," he went on. "There's a trick to it, you know." I guess he could hear me giggling away at his silliness. I do like guys with a sense of humor.
I pulled my t-shirt off up over my head, unbuckled my sandals, and kicked them off, and then undid the button on my shorts. I slid them down my legs, and stepped out of them, feeling a twinge of excitement, standing here in my undies.
"Would you like me to show you?" Takuya offered cheerfully.
"Mine's a one-piece," Satomi reminded us. "It doesn't have any hooks."
"Emi?" he said, peering in at me through the opening. I'd just taken off my bra, but I held it against my breasts until he backed away again. He was a cheeky little devil. I kept watching the opening as I pulled down my panties, and took them off. It felt so weird stripping naked knowing they were standing right there.
Suddenly, I heard Satomi's curtain open, and the two boys let out a whoop.
"Ooooh!"
I wanted to see too, so I pulled the curtain around my naked body, and stuck my head out. Satomi's swimsuit was more conservative than the ones I'd picked out, but it was cut fairly high up her legs. She kind of hid her hips with her hands, embarrassed. Patricia came back, and looked at Satomi.
"Do you have anything a little more... I don't know...?" Satomi blushed.
"A little less revealing?" Patricia said. "That's sort of the fashion now. It's supposed to make your legs look longer."
"Can I see the back?" I asked, still holding the curtain around my body. Satomi reluctantly turned around, and showed us. Satomi has fairly wide hips, and the swimsuit was hugging her pudgy rear quite snugly. She looked so sexy. Takuya and Hiro exchanged smiles.
"If you don't like the high cut legs, maybe you should try a bikini," I suggested. I'd been trying to get Satomi to buy a bikini. She looked over at Hiro, and he nodded his agreement. Takuya looked over this way, peering over my shoulder into my fitting room. I suddenly realized he was staring at my bare bottom in the mirror. Oh my god!
"What's your swimsuit like, Emi?" he teased, knowing full well I wasn't wearing one.
"Han- han- hang on," I stammered. I pulled the curtain closed as fast as I could. My heart was pounding in my chest. I honestly hadn't meant to flash him. He just kind of peeked in when I wasn't paying attention. I was so embarrassed.
I wanted to change, but Takuya was still right there.
"I can't very well change with you watching!" I fumed. He raised an eyebrow, trying to think up a witty retort, but ultimately, bowed his head, and backed away.
"Take your time," he quipped. It was hard to know what to make of Takuya. He knows I have a boyfriend, but he's always like this. I guess I'm not completely innocent. I'd teased him a few times too. He is such a joker it's hard to take him seriously. He reminds me of Ryosuke in some ways.
Once Takuya backed off, I turned, and got the lavender bikini from its hanger. I quickly pulled on the bottoms and bra. The suit looked OK, but was a bit big for my liking. There's no point in showing it to the others. I stripped out of it, but by then, Satomi was back.
"Are you ready yet?" she asked me.
"Ju- ju- just a sec," I stammered, rushing to get the other bikini off its hanger. Before I knew it, she pulled my curtain back a little, peeking in. "Careful!" I cried. "Takuya's right there!"
Sure enough, Takuya crowded closer, getting yet another glimpse at my naked body. I turned my back to them, but with the mirror here, they could see my bush and breasts in the reflection.
"Oops. Sorry. I didn't realize you were naked," Satomi blushed, pulling the curtain closed again. I was so annoyed. That's twice that Takuya's seen me naked. What does a girl have to do to get some privacy here? I sat down on the little stool, and breathed in deep. I was getting so horny by then.
I tried to calm down, but my heart was beating away, a mile a minute. Trying to relax, I finally pulled on the pink and yellow flower bikini. It was a bit revealing, but not unreasonably so. I took another deep breath, and then went out to show them.
Takuya and Hiro broke out into wide grins. Satomi covered her mouth. I don't think the bikini was indecent or anything. Maybe they were just reacting to the long ties at the side and back.
"What? What's wrong?" I asked.
"You look...," Takuya started to say. Patricia came back, and asked,
"How is it?"
"I don't know. My friends don't like it," I told her. Takuya was about to correct me, but I'd had enough. I turned tail, and headed back into the fitting room. I felt a bit frustrated. I honestly wanted to buy a new swimsuit, but couldn't seem to find the right one. I took off the bikini top, pulled my t-shirt back on, and then took off the bottoms. Then I suddenly remembered the pink bikini I saw earlier.
"Satomi? Satomi?" I called out.
"I'm changing," she answered.
I peeked out. Takuya and Hiro were still here. I felt kind of naughty standing here with no bottoms on, but I kept my lower half hidden behind the curtain.
"Could one of you bring me that pink bikini over there from the far wall?" I asked.
They quickly scurried off, but Hiro brought back a different one.
"That's more of a cream color," I corrected him. Takuya brought another.
"No, that's peach. Pink is brighter, like bubblegum."
They didn't know their colors. I wanted to go get the suit, but I wasn't sure if I was decent or not. I glanced at my reflection in the mirror. Maybe my t-shirt is long enough. Who knows? The two boys continued to point at suits.
"No, no, not that one. Not that one either." I began to wonder if they were doing it on purpose, pointing to every possible swimsuit except the one I wanted. I probably should have pulled my shorts on. Patricia was off at the front, and Satomi still changing, so I slid my feet into my sandals, and buckled them up. I cautiously stepped out, nervously fingering the hem which was floating up at a dangerous height.
I don't think Takuya nor Hiro realized I was bottomless at first, but I was starting to get excited. The feeling of the air between my legs was making me all tingly. The two of them were right here, and down the aisle, I could see people walking by in the mall. I sure hope they don't notice me. I'd better make this quick.
I looked up at the wall trying to find the pink bikini. It was way up on one of the top hangers. If I went to lift my arm to point to it though, that would drag the hem of my t-shirt up, exposing my bare behind. Takuya had already seen me naked, but I wasn't sure how Hiro would react. There were other guys in the store here and there.
I just stood there for the longest time, wavering. I knew I shouldn't be out here dressed like this. Takuya and Hiro were looking at me expectantly, and I did want that suit. Not really sure what would happen, I slowly lifted my arm, and pointed at it. Takuya's eyes shot down to my delicate little derriere. He nudged Hiro to check me out. I was trying to get them to fetch the bikini, but they were too distracted by my nudity. I felt this wave of embarrassment wash over me.
If I had any sense, I would have covered back up, but I was so excited. Giddy at my own naughtiness, I strode over, and stretched way up on tiptoe trying to grab the suit's hanger. I could feel the air swirling all around my bare bottom, so I knew they could see. Hiro fell or something knocking over a clothes rack which crashed to the floor with a horrible bang.
"Careful!" I warned, a bit too late. I wanted to see if he was alright, but the sound of the crash caused people out front to stop, and look over this way. Suddenly, all these people were staring down the aisle at me. I lowered my arms, and hid behind the shelves as quickly as I could, but I think they might have seen me, seen my bush. Even Satomi called out from her fitting room,
"What happened?"
Hiro looked dazed, but he seemed fine.
"It's OK. Don't worry," I told her. I looked up longingly at that pink bikini.
"Takuya, can you just grab it?" I pleaded. "Quick before people come. I can't reach."
Takuya just stood there though, his mouth puckered in the weirdest expression, kind of shocked I guess by my cheek, coming out here naked. I glanced down the aisle wondering if I could grab it, but there were definitely people coming this way--two American guys and a girl from the look of it. Deciding it was too risky, I ran back to my fitting room to hide before I really get in trouble.
Through the curtain, I heard Patricia. I wanted to ask her to get down the pink bikini, but she was talking to the three Americans. I stood here, trying to slow my racing heart.
Minutes passed. It sounded like things had calmed down, so I stuck my head out. Satomi was fully dressed, chatting with Hiro. She had the swimsuit she wanted folded over her arm. I couldn't see Takuya. He must have wandered off somewhere.
If I had any sense, I would have got back dressed, but I was still all excited. I fingered my pussy, checking to see if I was wet. I definitely was. I wondered if I dare risk going back out. It had been pretty funny seeing their reactions, Hiro falling and everything.
I pulled the hem of my t-shirt down over my pussy, and cautiously stepped back out. Hiro had his back to me, and Satomi was telling him some story. Down the aisle closer to the front of the store, I noticed they had some cute tank tops. I tiptoed down that way just to take a quick look. There was a smartly dressed European gentleman there looking at the t-shirts on a table. I felt quite nervous, worried he'd notice I was pantiless, but he seemed focused on shopping. I edged a bit closer.
Takuya reappeared, at the back of the store. He peered down the aisle at me, probably wondering what I was doing. I felt nervous, wandering closer to the front in this too short tee, but at least Takuya was here now, ready to help if I need rescuing. Takuya does tease me a lot, but I was pretty sure he would help me if I really got in trouble.
Tempting fate, I moved in quite close to the European man, standing at the end of the table he was browsing at. He was ignoring me. There was another man further off near the entrance, someone's husband carrying a bunch of shopping bags, but he wasn't looking this way either. Takuya was behind me.
Pretending to check the tank tops, I leaned forward, showing Takuya my bare bottom. Neither the European guy nor the husband clued in. The European guy though was circling around this way, so I had to keep moving around the table, so he wouldn't see my nakedness. I was kind of worried that the other guy would turn, and notice, but he was staring off towards the entrance perhaps looking for his wife.
Takuya finally came over.
"Cute t-shirts," he said. "You should try one on." He picked one up, and offered it to me, but I shook my head no. He reached out, and grabbed my t-shirt by the hem lifting it up exposing my pussy! I was so shocked. The European man seemed to have wandered away, but the husband was still there. I grabbed Takuya by the wrist trying to get him to let go of my t-shirt. He eventually did, but he was clearly very excited now. Me too for that matter. I don't know why I was out here in the store running around bottomless. It just seemed like a funny thing to do at the time.
I pulled my t-shirt back down covering up as best I could, but I'd kind of reached my limit. I herded Takuya back towards the fitting rooms. The husband kind of glanced this way, making me nervous. I went back into my fitting booth, but Takuya followed me in.
"Wait. I've got an idea. Can I borrow these?" he nodded pointing to the pile where my bra, purse, shorts and panties lay.
"What? What for?"
"I want to try something."
I didn't know what he was on about, but just to tease him, I gathered up my things, and handed them to him. He stuffed them away in his backpack.
"Hey! What are you doing?"
He raised his finger to his lips, motioning for me to keep my voice down. My heart was pounding in my chest, but he just held out his hand. I wasn't sure what he was planning, but I held up my own hand showing it to him, and he took it. He pointed toward the front of the store, and then started leading me down one of the aisles. I grabbed his arm trying to get him to slow down. One of the American guys came over to that same aisle.
"Do you want one of these t-shirts?" Takuya asked me. "I can buy it for you if you want."
"Um, I kind of need bikini bottoms at the moment," I quipped, trying to get him to realize how dangerous this was. In all the excitement, the hem of my t-shirt had floated way up leaving me practically naked from my waist on down. With my free hand, I patted my bottom confirming that I was indeed nude. People weren't freaking or anything, but I felt so embarrassed.
"How about a hoodie?" he joked. I looked down at them. They were cute enough, but not really my color. "There are other bikini stores in the mall," he went on.
"Like what?" I asked, doubting it.
"I think there are some sporting goods stores," he noted. He started pulling me towards the front of the store again, but I tried to stop him.
"Takuya. I can't walk out into the mall like this."
"Why not? You look fine," he insisted.
"I don't feel fine," I whispered, trying to pull the hem down over my pussy at least. It was true that Patricia didn't seem fazed by how I was dressed, but that was just because she hadn't realized I was naked. Maybe she thought I had a bikini on, one of my own. This was a bikini shop after all.
"Come on. Let's go," he pressed.
"What about Satomi and Hiro?"
"They'll catch up. You said they needed some time together."
When I came out of the fitting room dressed like this, I hadn't really planned to go far. I mainly just wanted to grab that pink bikini off the rack, but somehow that had gotten lost in the shuffle. Takuya, on the other hand, probably saw my innocent prank as 'yagai roshutsu,' a whole subculture revolving around guys getting their girlfriends to expose themselves in public, exhibitionist play or whatever it's called here. It's a whole big thing in Japan, and maybe there are people who do it here too. Ryosuke is more of an expert on it than I am.
I tried to convince Takuya it would be too dangerous, but he wasn't listening. I'd got him all turned on, and now he was like full steam ahead. Against my better judgment, I let him pull me out into the mall. There were people here and there walking around. I made a big show of pulling down the hem of my t-shirt, but to tell you the truth, I was horny too. I'd never been out naked in the mall before. Even if it wasn't that crowded, it was daunting. There were 3 Mexican men on the level above us, but they weren't looking this way. Even so, someone was bound to notice me sooner or later.
Takuya led me down to the mall directory. I kept looking around, watching people's faces. To my great surprise, a lot of people didn't react at first to my nudity. I couldn't understand it. I guess some of them didn't realize I was naked. Others were just blazé or focused on other things, but eventually, a few guys came up to me, and asked if I could take a selfie with them. Maybe they thought I was doing some kind of publicity stunt for Lush or something. I took a picture with one portly black man and a couple of younger dudes who seemed pretty stoked about my look.
"Gonna get arrested," another guy warned.
I'd actually thought about that. Don't quote me on this, but I am actually fairly sure that nudity is legal in San Diego County. L.A. may be different. In any case, we'd seen no sign of any security guards. Who knows?
"You know," Takuya started. "You could probably take that t-shirt off."
I didn't know what to believe. If Satomi were here, she'd tell me to cover back up. She was still back in the bikini store talking with Hiro. She seemed kind of distracted today, not watching out for me the way she usually does.
I was beginning to regret wearing this choker instead of my lucky necklace. The necklace protects me, but on the choker, when the bell jingles, people turn to look. Takuya hadn't said anything about it, but I think it made him imagine I was some kind of slave girl or something. I was trying to remember what I told him about my sex fantasies. It did seem like he was trying to turn me on. I was already horny enough as it is without him making things worse.
"Where's this sporting goods store?" I asked, trying hard to stay focused on why we'd come out here. Takuya pointed back the way we'd just come, and we headed in that direction. I thought of stopping in at Bikini Typhoon and getting Satomi, but probably she would just make a big deal, and force me to get dressed. We walked on past.
Since I'd been out here for a while, and no one was making that much of a fuss, I lifted my arms, showing Takuya my cute little bare bottom in all its glory. He smiled, and said,
"Cheezus, Emi. You're gorgeous."
Glad someone had noticed.
Takuya seemed to have a tent forming at the front of his trousers. I'd always found Takuya entertaining, attractive even, but he is a bit younger than I am, and doesn't usually hit on me. This was a date though I suppose. I don't usually get naked on a first date (of course!), but we'd known each other a while through Satomi. Takuya knows about Ryosuke, so I think he knew not to take this so seriously. Still this was pretty heady stuff for me, walking around half naked in the mall with him.
The sporting goods store had all this fishing and hunting gear, so the atmosphere was a bit different. The customers were mostly men. Embarrassed, I pulled my t-shirt back down over my pussy, and cautiously we went in. Takuya asked if he could film me. He does want to be a movie director, so that kind of made sense. I lent him my smartphone. I'm not sure I made such a good actress. I was so nervous. When he first started filming me, my sandals actually slipped on the slippery floor. I let out a giggle, and tried to walk more carefully.
Takuya motioned for me to go ahead, and filmed me from behind. I was kind of aware that this is a thing now, taking nudes in a store, IKEA or wherever. Ryosuke and I don't usually do this, but it was pretty exciting let me tell you. We went into the camping section, and found a quiet corner where no one was around.
"It's kind of hot in here, don't you think?" he mugged. I knew he wanted me to take off my t-shirt, so he could film me naked. I hesitated for a moment, shy, but I finally took it off, getting a real thrill, nude at last.
"Wow! Your tits are huge!"
That is definitely not true, but it was nice to hear him say it. They are perhaps a bit bigger than it looks when I'm dressed. I set my t-shirt down on the floor keeping it handy but out of the camera shot.
I was still pretty scared, sure, but it was actually kind of nice to get to do this stuff with someone besides Ryosuke. Around him, I always felt like I should be good, act like a proper young lady or whatever. Takuya right from the start had been pretty frank about wanting to touch me, wanting to get me naked. Takuya pointed out my black choker with the bell, one of the only things I was still wearing.
"Wow! Kinky!" he exclaimed, tapping it to make it ring. We were both so excited.
"I'm not sure how to pose," I admitted. I put my back flat against the shelves trying not to be seen, shifting from foot to foot, dancing a bit. I was too nervous to stand still. Takuya walked around the next shelf filming me over top like a real pro, getting both my breasts and bush into the shot. I arched my back trying to show off my curves.
"Here, get down on all fours," he suggested. That seemed kind of ecchi, but I did as he asked. From the front, it looked bad enough, but he came around behind me, and started filming me with my ass up in the air. I was trying to act calm, but I was crazy horny by then.
Takuya shut off the camera, but picked up my t-shirt, and threaded it through the strap in his backpack. I felt even more nervous now no longer having an easy way to get back dressed. He came up beside me, and squatted down.
"Here! Give me a kiss," he grinned.
"What? No! I mean..." I have to admit I was mighty confused by this whole turn of events. I already have a boyfriend. I shouldn't even be here, shouldn't even be out with Takuya if I thought about it. Takuya looked a bit disappointed, but then his eyes lit up, as if he'd found another idea.
"Here. Wait here," he said disappearing off around the corner taking my t-shirt with him. I felt so mortified, kneeling here naked, all by my lonesome, terrified that someone would come, and see me. I peeked out around the corner. There were definitely people there. I backed up, trying to think what I should do if they came this way. I could feel my heart absolutely booming in my chest. It was so nerve-wracking being alone out here.
Takuya eventually came back carrying a long black strap with a metal snap hook on one end.
"Here. Hold still," he instructed as he open the hook, and threaded it through one of the rings on my choker.
"What? What is it?" I balked.
"It's a dog leash. You're my little pet," he grinned stroking my head, petting me I guess. I pouted my lips out, not really liking this, but then he reached in fondling my breasts. I elbowed his arm away, but then suddenly, out of the blue, he smacked me on my rear, spanking me. My choker bell started jingling from the shock. I shuddered a bit, worried even more about what I told him that other night. I have been spanked before by Ryosuke. I have to admit it does get me wet a bit.
I pretended to be shocked, but lifted my bottom in the air, daring him to spank me again. Instead, he put his fingers on my wet pussy, probing around for my clit. Panicking, I tried to crawl away, but he yanked on the leash pulling me back. It's a good thing too, because in my confusion, I almost crawled out into the main aisle where other shoppers would see me.
Not sure what else I could do, I left my ass up, and let him play with my pussy, shuddering as he fingered me. I was so wet anyway. He inserted what felt like two fingers, feeling for my g-spot, and was kneading my clit with his thumb. I was so excited I forgot where I was, lost in the haze of my own rising desire. I shook my head no, and lay my ear to the ground, wondering if he could get me there, make me come. I was trying hard to keep quiet, but the bell kept ringing every time I moved. It was hard not to writhe about. His fingers felt so good. The anticipation was killing me.
Unfortunately, just then, we heard a couple coming this way. They must have heard my bell jingling. Takuya stopped touching me, but he froze, not moving. I backed up, and hid behind him, pulling my t-shirt out of strap on his backpack. The couple came so close to seeing me, but I quickly pulled the t-shirt on over my head. They must have wondered what Takuya and I were doing kneeling on the floor, him still holding the other end of the leash around my neck.
Once they were gone, we stood back up. I undid the leash, and got him to put it back, then pulled the hem of my t-shirt down over my pussy. I smelled like sex, but at least I looked more or less decent. I guess we both learned our lesson. It was too dangerous to fool around here in the store. Too many people. Too easy to get caught.
To tell you the truth though, I was still plenty horny. I could feel my own love-juices dripping down the inside of my thighs. I got some wet tissues out of my purse in Takuya's bag, and wiped myself off. Takuya was just standing there with this silly grin on his face. I guess he was glad he'd got me so excited.
"You're sexy when you're turned on," he whispered in my ear. I blushed red, and waved him away, but he was still super into all this. "There is one more thing I'd like to try."
Once I was more or less decent, he led me out into the mall. Down the main aisle, we saw Satomi and Hiro walking this way. Before they spotted us, Takuya took me across to this little alcove on the other side. There were metal doors, emergency fire doors maybe. He made me stand against the wall, and then came around, and got his camera out trying to get a shot of me with the mall in the background. The wall I was standing against was at an angle, so I don't think people out in the mall could see me. They could probably see Takuya filming though. He twirled two fingers in the air, sort of like 'let's do this,' signaling I guess for me to take off my t-shirt, and get naked again.
"I don't think that's a good idea," I argued back. "Satomi and Hiro are coming this way."
"That's the idea. It'll be funny having them in the background. Kind of thrilling, don't you think? Here. Quick. Hurry. Before they come."
I knew this was really asking for trouble, but I tried to weigh the risks in my mind. I did kind of owe Takuya. He'd been doing all of this for me, trying to get me off if you think about it. Takuya was filming me already.
Reluctantly, I pulled up my t-shirt, and then just took it off, and threw it to him. He threaded it through his backpack strap, still filming me. I lay flat against the wall, my heart pounding. Soon I heard Satomi and Hiro's voice right behind me. I couldn't see what they were doing, but they were right there! Nervous at being naked out here, I started doing a little dance with my arms like a kama sutra goddess just to show that I knew this was crazy. That started my bell ringing though, so I had to stop. Wouldn't want people coming this way to investigate.
I'm not sure what happened next, but I think Hiro must have spotted Takuya. Takuya rubbed the back of his neck, and then went out into the mall, leaving me here all by myself still naked save my sandals and choker. I was so scared. I could hear the voices of other people going by out in the mall, couples maybe. If any of them happened to turn in here, I had nowhere to hide. I prayed that Takuya would come back soon.
An even bigger problem was I was still horny. I looked down at my body, so stunned I was out here in the middle of this busy mall, one I often came to, stuck naked like this. My breasts were sticking way out. Takuya called them "huge," I laughed. I smoothed down my pubic hair, but that hardly made a difference. I look so indecent.
Takuya was trying to convince Satomi and Hiro to go into the sporting goods store.
"I'm all shopped out," Satomi chirped. "Where's Emi?"
"She's around here somewhere," Takuya told them, side-stepping the question.
"You and Emi seem to be getting along pretty well today," Satomi said to Takuya. She didn't know the half of it. I couldn't really go out there, and correct her. That would be too weird though, wouldn't it? Going out there naked? On the other hand, the longer I stay here, the more likely it is I'll get caught. I tried to calm down, but my whole body was tingling from the fear and excitement. I had goosebumps on my arm, and my hair was standing on end.
Takuya did eventually lead them away from the alcove back towards Bikini Typhoon. As their voices grew fainter, I began to worry that Takuya might just leave me here naked like this. I didn't even have my smartphone or my purse. How am I going to get home even? I knew I should just stay here, wait for him to come back, but people might come down here, and see me. That doubt kept eating away at me. I don't know Takuya so well. Maybe this is what he meant when he said "one last thing." Don't leave me this way!
It suddenly struck me that the restaurant where Ryosuke works is near here somewhere, maybe just across the street. I could go there, and get the Maitre D', Suzuda, to lend me a coat or something. The staff there had always been nice to me before. I wasn't sure of the exact address, but maybe it's back west a little. But how am I going to get across the street without everyone seeing me? I guess that won't work.
I must say I'm not really good at dealing with situations like this. The worst problem was how horny I was getting. I couldn't stop thinking about sex. My hello kitty was tingling like crazy, making it impossible to think straight. I covered my mouth trying to calm down. Ryosuke is better at this type of thing. Where on earth has Takuya got to? A fine date, he's turned out to be.
I scooted down to the corner, and tried to peer round, but I couldn't see anything from this angle. The mall didn't look that crowded. The couples from earlier seemed to have gone. Gathering my courage, I stepped out from behind the wall, trying to see where Takuya had got to. There was a couple behind me though, and the girl gasped when she saw me naked.
I ducked back into the alcove to hide, but this was pointless. I'm just going round in circles not solving my problem. I have to find Takuya, and get my clothes back.
Working up my nerve again, I stepped out into the mall. People looked over this way, curious, but I did my best to ignore them, and strode down, making a beeline straight for Takuya. He spotted me though, and frantically motioned for me to hide before Satomi and Hiro saw me. I mimed 'where?' but he just pointed for me to hide anywhere. I made a hard left turn into the first shop, Supreme Fitness or something like that. The blonde woman receptionist gave me the coldest stare, but an Asian American trainer guy came out, and was much friendlier.
"Wow! Do you work out? You look great," he laughed. I didn't want to engage, so I turned my back to them, looking back outside to see if Takuya was coming. "No cellulite. Gorgeous glutes. Maybe your biceps could use a bit of work. Can I see your abs?"
"Ahem," the blonde cleared her throat, trying to rein the poor guy in. Takuya finally appeared at the door.
"Cheezus, Emi. What are you doing? They almost saw you," Takuya exclaimed.
"Whose fault is that?" I cried hitting him on the shoulder. "Give me back my clothes."
"Your phone is out of memory," he complained slapping it on the side. "Can I use my phone instead?"
"What? No! I have to get dressed."
Even the receptionist was laughing now. I guess our conversation did sound pretty funny.
"Is there any place we can go where there aren't so many people around?" Takuya asked the two fitness staffers. I checked the strap of his backpack looking for my t-shirt.
"Where did it go? What did you do with my t-shirt?" I cried.
"It's in a safe place. C'mon, Emi. You look gorgeous like that. Let me just film you a little with my phone."
"This is crazy, right?" I said, turning to the fitness people for support. "I can't just walk around naked like this."
"You do have a great body," the trainer guy said. The receptionist was slower to give her opinion.
"Did he strip off your clothes somehow?" she asked. I thought about this, and only then realized he had not.
"No, I took them off, and gave them to him, but I mean..."
The trainer started chuckling. I guess I must seem like a total airhead, strutting around out here naked without even realizing how I'd got this way. But it wasn't like that. I'm usually quite sensible. Takuya was the one who pushed me into this, right?
"Is there a security guard here?" I asked, trying to get Takuya and them to realize how serious this was.
"There are two," the receptionist explained. "They are in the monitor room watching all the video cameras."
I looked up, realizing that they may have already seen me on one of their cameras. There didn't seem to be a video camera here.
"Ohmigod. What places do they monitor?"
"I don't know. You'd have to ask them," she replied, still a bit cold. Takuya thought this was funny.
"Yeah, go down there, and talk to them dressed like that."
I hit him on the shoulder. He wouldn't stop laughing.
"There is one place I would like to go," I teased.
"Where?"
"Ryosuke's restaurant. I think it's right near here."
The fitness people looked at me.
"Ryosuke's her boyfriend," Takuya clarified.
"What? You are not her boyfriend?" the receptionist asked, shocked. She really must think I'm an airhead now, standing here naked, spilling all my worst secrets.
"You do have nice abs," the trainer remarked, peering down at my bush. Takuya didn't seem too worried. Takuya likes me, sure, but I've always made clear that I have a boyfriend. Up until today, Takuya didn't seem all that interested in me.
I looked over at the receptionist and trainer, standing there looking sympathetic to my plight.
"You two are nice, huh?" I noted. "You don't think it's weird me being here naked?"
"Of course it's weird," the trainer slammed back. "You look insanely hot dressed like that." He poked one of the bells on my choker making it jingle.
"No, but I mean, you are not angry or anything. You are trying to help."
They looked at each other, but didn't answer.
"Are you two a couple?" I asked. They didn't seem to like that question either. "We'd better go," I finally said.
"What happened when people saw you out in the mall naked like that?" the woman asked. I remembered the "arrested" guy and all the people who'd smirked at me when they saw me naked.
"Some people are not as helpful as you," I admitted.
"What about him?" she asked nodding towards Takuya. "Is he helpful?"
I looked at him, trying to sort out my feelings. I was so confused. I didn't know what to think. I was a bit annoyed at him for running off.
"Sometimes," I said softly.
Another trainer came out, took one look at me, and was like,
"Hohoho. What have we here?"
"We'd better go," I repeated moving towards the door. This guy didn't seem as nice as the first trainer.
"Where to, milady?" Takuya bowed. "My wish is your command."
"Any suggestions?" I asked the woman figuring she'd know best.
"Who is the 'they' that almost saw you? Do you have friends here?"
"Yeah, Satomi and Hiro. My best friend and his."
"Aw, man, are you catching this?" the horn-dog trainer winked at his co-worker. "Who is this babe anyway?" he asked, staring down at my body.
"Maybe you'd better go find them," the woman said softly.
"Where are they?" I asked Takuya.
"I think in the drugstore across from Yuuki's stand."
That wasn't good. I didn't want Yuuki to see me like this. Takuya didn't seem too keen on that either.
"Is there a back entrance?" I asked the woman.
"My name's Cara," she finally told us. "Yes, there are entrances street-side." The road on that side is wide with a lot of cars.
"Yeah, I don't know," I pouted. A middle aged man, a client, I guess came out, and his eyes went wide when he saw me standing here naked.
"It's the dog collar," Cara told me. "That's what makes you look so kinky."
Funny. Takuya thought it was a dog collar too. Don't people wear chokers here?
I reached around, undid the buckle, and took it off, showing them my bare neck. It was weird because taking off the choker made me feel even more naked, more exposed. My heart sank as a shiver ran up my spine. The guys were all still staring at me though, virtually drooling at the sight of me.
"Yeah, I don't think that's it somehow," I joked. It did feel good to have it off. I gave it to Takuya to put away. I took off my wristband, folded it over, and then bunched up my hair using the elastic to make a ponytail. "Do I look more pure now? More innocent?" I smiled, holding my arms up in a cute go-go girl pose. The guys all nodded, mouths agape.
"Do you sell swimsuits?" I asked.
"No, but we do have a pool."
"Yeah, give the girl a free membership for heaven's sake," the horn-dog suggested. "That would bring more people."
It was nice them all being so complimentary, but I was feeling a bit overwhelmed. I didn't really want such a big audience. My head was starting to spin from being horny for so long.
"Do you want to wait here, and I'll go get Hiro and Satomi?" Takuya asked, probably not serious.
"No, I was thinking we should go," I whispered. The mall seemed to be busier than before though. I kept thinking I should get dressed, but I didn't want to be the one to say it. I was kind of enjoying being naked, enjoying teasing them all. It was weird, different, something I'd never done before. I felt so giddy, my body seething with this nervous energy.
"What do you think?" I asked Takuya. He looked outside, and then motioned for me to stand back.
"They're coming," he whispered. I panicked. The first trainer guy motioned for me to hide round the side, but when I went down there, there was this class room with a huge glass window, and all these people exercising inside. Most of them were faced away from me, but there was a guy and a woman standing at the side, staring right at me!
"I c-c-can't stay here," I stuttered, terrified. I came back out to the front desk. Takuya was gone.
"Where'd he go?" I asked, horrified.
"Maybe one of the guys can lend you a jacket or something," Cara suggested. I said to trainer 1,
"Just go get Takuya, and bring him back here. He has my clothes."
"James," he said, introducing himself. I smiled, but didn't tell him my name. He ran out after Takuya.
James seems like a good guy, but there was no sign of either of them for quite some time. I wanted to see what was happening, so I went right out to the entrance-way. There were so many people here in the mall now, I don't know, like 20 or 30 people walking by, couples, families, all different kinds. They could all see me. My whole body was burning hot now. I could feel an orgasm percolating up inside of me, making me all nervous and jiggy. Trying to ignore all the people gawking at me, I went right out the door, trying to see Takuya and James. It seems the two of them had stopped, and were arguing about something. Hiro and Satomi were there too, but hadn't spotted me yet.
My whole body was quaking from the excitement. I don't know why I get so turned on by this. The people looking at me seemed surprised, sure. Some of them laugh, or try to hit on me, or take my picture, but I felt like I was really the only one feeling this so intensely. I had like this cauldron of emotions: fear, fire, passion, desire, bubbling up inside of me. I really didn't want people to see me come. I just wanted to find some place safe to hide, but if anything, I was just making things worse coming out here right into the middle of all these people.
James came back without Takuya.
"He says he's going to try to lead your friends away from here, so they won't catch you."
"What? Of all the stupid cockamamie times to run out on me!" I cursed.
I'd kind of gotten to the point, where I didn't really care if Satomi, Hiro, Yuuki or whoever saw me. I mean Cara, James and these other people didn't seem to care so much that I'm naked. Why should they? I guess there could be backlash, rumors spreading, people treating me different, but that just seemed a bit much, don't you think? We're all born naked.
James saw me staring after Takuya, and offered,
"Hey, do you need like a bodyguard or something?"
"Umm," I hesitated.
"Protect you from the hooded claw. Keep the vampires from your door. Back, back, you fiends," he cried pretending to lash out at some guy who came a bit too close. I laughed. He was pretty funny. I looked him up and down. He was kind of handsome, slim but muscular, earnest eyes, a good-natured calm. He really was the nicest of the bunch.
"Um, OK, sure. Why not?"
He motioned for me to go first, and then we set out after Takuya and them keeping a few people between them and us, still trying to hide. I did feel a lot better having James here to protect me. The crowd hadn't been that rude, but it was nice to have someone here to help if I need it.
"So, Miss, what can I call you?" he smiled.
"Can I give you a made up name? Rami." I drew the Chinese characters for 'naked' and 'beauty' on the palm of my outstretched hand, but I don't think he got it. "Rummy," I simplified. "Like the card game."
He laughed.
"Nice to meet you, Rummy," he said, shaking my hand. "So do you... ah... wander around naked a lot?"
"Not in the mall, no. Not like this." I don't know what I was reacting to, but I felt another wave of pleasure well up inside me, more powerful this time. My knees were getting weak. If these waves get any stronger, I really am going to come. "Say, listen, could you run ahead, and get Takuya's backpack from him? My clothes are inside."
"Um, OK. Sure. I'll try."
"Thanks."
I spotted a waxing center, and turned in there to hide. The receptionist here was African American with cornrows in her hair. She looked at me a bit funny, but waited politely for me to speak.
"I'm just waiting for a friend," I told her. She didn't really comment, but I got the feeling she thought it was pretty funny me being naked and all. I just stood here rubbing my hands together, trying to act normal. James soon came back with Takuya.
"Wow!" Takuya said when he saw me. "You've been wandering around the mall dressed like that?" He seemed so elated, all charged up. I think he'd been getting off on leading me on this wild goose chase.
"Yeah, but it isn't easy. People keep staring."
"Let me take a picture, Emi, just one. You look so amazing."
"Use my phone," I insisted.
"Your phone the memory's full. It won't work. You have to delete something." He dug out my phone, and handed it to me. I didn't want to hear this. The black lady was staring at us, and I didn't really know how to solve the problem with my phone. "Lots of guys have got snaps of you already," he reminded me. "You took selfies with those first few guys."
"Really?" James burst out laughing. Perhaps I was being silly. All this false modesty trying to keep Takuya in particular from getting a picture of me. I guess I was worried about this whole day getting back to people at the dorm or Ryosuke or someone. I was feeling guilty, and wasn't sure if I could trust Takuya with this. I didn't really want him having proof. He hadn't filmed himself fingering me, but I was still reeling a bit from the echoes of his touch.
"You don't want Hiro to know, right?" I pointed out to Takuya. "Or Satomi. Or Yuuki."
"OK. OK. No pictures." So he was worried about this. I knew it! "I just thought we should do something big to top it all off! Something exciting!"
"Like what?" To tell you the truth, I was a bit interested in this too.
"Is there a game center near here? An arcade?" Takuya asked James.
"There's a Dave and Busters across the highway."
"How far?"
"Guys I can't go walking outside," I broke in, trying to slow their roll before they really did try to get me to go outside.
James' smartphone buzzed.
"Oh oh. Security is looking for you!"
"What?"
"It's Cara. They came to her desk."
Takuya finally realized the danger. He put down his backpack, and we got out my bra, panties, shorts and t-shirt. I raced to pull them on. I got the baseball cap and sunglasses from my purse, and I pulled on those too to hide my face. James and Takuya were laughing at how well prepared I was.
"Can we go out the back?" I asked the receptionist lady.
"Uh, yeah, straight down the hall to end. Press the lever on the door."
I scurried off with Takuya and James close behind. When we got outside, I told Takuya,
"Call Satomi and Hiro, and tell them to meet us at the bus stop."
"I guess this is goodbye then," James said, looking a bit misty-eyed. "This is my card. Send me a text to let me know you got back safe. You really are something, Rummy!"
I gave him a hug thanking him for his kindness. Takuya and I sprinted through the parking lot to the bus stop.
"Rummy?" Takuya asked.
"Just a made up name," I winced.
Satomi and Hiro eventually came out, and found us.
"Where were you all day?" Satomi squealed.
"Sorry," I smiled. "We met some nice people. Americans." That part was true.
On the bus ride home, the three of them chatted, but I was just so out of it, kicking myself for doing something so crazy. Takuya just sat there, looking at me in wonder.
The hardest thing I did after that was figure out how to get the videos Takuya shot off my phone and onto a thumb drive. I didn't show them to Ryosuke of course. Takuya wanted to see, but I wasn't sure what to do about that. I actually saw James again, and the two of us became friends. I'll tell you about that some time.
Emi Tsuruta