Misty and I were back to our daily routines after her second time flashing her gorgeous body at the party in the park. My job with corporate America was a lot less exciting than Misty's dancing at a strip club. She enjoyed the dancing and the attention she got with her naked body. With her 36/24/36 figure highlighted with firm C cup tits and well shaped ass she was very popular with the customers at the club. She loved to put together and dress up in sexy costumes to dance her routines to. So when I got home one day it wasn't surprising she said she wanted us to go shopping for some outfits for work. I didn't want to go having just gotten home from work but she talked me into taking her to the mall.
We changed our cloths and left for the mall. Misty was wearing her everyday jeans and a light weight summer sweater. Nothing outstanding but she always looks nice in whatever she wears. We made the twenty minute drive to the mall and found a parking spot pretty easy since it was midweek. We walked in and started wandering amid the sparse crowd heading to our first stop.
The Fredrick's boutique was the first store Misty headed to for some bras and panties. She looked through the racks of bras while I hung back disinterested in the whole ordeal. She made her choices and asked one of the sales clerks if she could take try them on. The clerk led her to the changing room which was basically a cubicle with a curtain for a door. After a few minutes she called me over for my opinion on her choices.
The first one she came out in was a black shear bra that the contrast of her silver dollar sized areolas could be seen through and her hard nipples just pushed right out. I told her it looked nice on her and I liked it. She checked it out in the mirror on the wall and went back to try another one on. At this point only two ladies and the two female clerks were the only ones in the store so it was no big deal for Misty to be out of the dressing room in only a shear bra. The next one she came out in was spectacular. It was the same as the first but was white in color and really shear. Misty could tell by the look on my face I truly loved this one. It drew more attention to her tits than if she was standing there topless. The shear white material just emphasized the dark contrast of her areolas leaving nothing to the imagination. She again went to the mirror to check it out and with her nipples getting as hard as they were she thought it was sexy looking also. While she was looking in the mirror we noticed a middle aged couple come into the store. They could not see much from the front of the store but while she started looking at items he made his way in our direction. Misty went back to try some more on. The next couple of bras were nothing worth while and she didn't even go to the mirror to check them out.
By now the guy was pretending to check out some robes on a rack about fifteen feet from where I was by the mirror and changing room. Misty whispered to me through the curtain the two of you should like this one. With that she opened the curtain and stood there in a black quarter cup shelf bra. The cups of the bra just supported the bottom of her tits lifting them up and out there totally exposed. This made her tits look bigger and fuller and her nipples were finger tip sized nubs sticking out as hard as rocks. Misty winked at me walking the few feet to the mirror letting our watcher get a good look. He was now standing there with his mouth agape watching Misty intently. Misty was turning this way and that checking the way the bra looked while stealing glances at her watcher. She walked back to the changing room giving me a kiss on the cheek on her way by. She put her sweater back on and came back out handing me the two shear bras and the black quarter cup bra. We went to put the ones she didn't want back and she picked out the matching g-string panties to the shear bras. We went to pay for our choices and I told her she was a little devil for teasing that guy like that. She smiled and said he will remember this shopping trip for awhile.
With our purchases in hand we continued through the mall. Our next stop was at a store which sells a variety of cloths and items for the younger crowd. We first looked at skirts choosing three for her to try on and went to the changing room area. Misty went in and changed into the first one. She came out wearing a typical jean miniskirt which looked real nice on her. It came to just above mid thigh showing off her beautiful legs and accentuating her nice ass.
She went in to change into our next choice coming out wearing a cute little red and black pleated plaid school girl type skirt. It was about the same length as the jean skirt but being pleated it had a looser fit. As she walked to the mirror on the wall the skirt had a slight flip to it showing a little more of her upper thighs. The store had a few customers in it and a few were watching Misty walk to the mirror in her little skirt which she must have noticed. She started checking out the skirt on her. She checked from the front and the back while standing. She then did a quick little spin watching over her shoulder as the skirt flared out to about the bottom of her ass cheeks. With her back still to the mirror Misty looked down at her tennis shoes and bent over kind of stiff legged to tie one of them. Much to the delight of all watching the back of the skirt rode up high enough so the bottom half of her ass cheeks could be seen in the mirror from under the skirt. She finished tying her shoe and stood up straightening the skirt. She walked back to me and asked if I liked it. I said I loved it and the skirt too. Misty smiled and went to try the next one on.
The next skirt I was anxious to see on her and watch her in. When Misty appeared I wasn't disappointed. The skirt was a black flared pleated skirt but it was ridiculously short. The bottom hem came to the bottom of her ass cheeks in the back and in the front it barely covered the g-string she was wearing. While she was standing there I could see the gap in her thighs where they came up to meet on either side of her pussy. She walked over to the mirror and with each step her ass cheeks showed from below the tiny skirt. Misty was getting this one for stripping in so at the mirror she was striking a few poses from some of her dance routines. She was doing some bending and twisting giving the five guys and myself some nice views of her ass and a few glimpses of her g-string.
The guys watching were a little younger than us probably nineteen to twenty two years old. We could tell they enjoyed the show because from them we could hear a few low level cat calls and subdued oh yeas from them. This must have encouraged Misty to put a little extra in her show. She flashed a smile in our direction put her feet together and bent straight legged at the waist grabbing her ankles. Upside down she looked past her legs to see the sight in the mirror we were getting. Her well shaped legs led up to her gorgeous ass completely exposed. With the strip of skirt pulled all the way over her ass the top strap of her g-string was showing and the string running down disappeared into the crack of her ass all the way to the junction between her legs. Misty stood up straight pulling the skirt down as she did then she placed her feet about shoulder width apart. Doing this caused the skirt to ride up her thighs showing us most of her little white g-string panties. Misty facing us looked our way and gave a wink then bending at the knees leaned back spreading her legs as she went until she was resting on her hand behind her. We had a great view with the skirt bunched up well above her panties. Misty's g-string was pulled tight against her sweet pussy showing the cleft as the material pulled into her pussy lips and the shaved mounds were bulging out past the tiny white triangle of cloth. She was looking at us watching the expressions on our faces as we stared right at her almost naked pussy. Misty then stood up blew us a kiss and went back to the dressing room.
She emerged a few minutes later once again in her jeans and handing me the skirts she said let's look at some tops to go with these. We went over to the tops and picked out three tops she liked. One was a long sleeved white button up top that tied under her breasts to wear with the plaid skirt. The next one was a black fishnet top to wear with the tiny black skirt. The last was a light weight knit pullover top to wear with the jean skirt. She didn't try them on saying they'd fit and we went to the counter to pay. The young male clerk thanked us and said please come back again. Misty smiled at him saying we probably would and we left.
With Misty clutching her new purchases we headed back through the mall. Passing by the food court Misty said it was getting late we should get something to eat. Agreeing with her we headed into the food court. As we arrived she said she was going to go use the bathroom and told me to grab a table. I sat at one I could see the entrance to the bathrooms from and when Misty came out I had to do a double take to make sure it was her. While in there she had changed into her jean skirt and white knit top. I should have expected something like that. As she sat down next to me I couldn't help but notice with the shirt pulled tight against her ample breasts the black straps of one of her new bras could be seen through it. When she turned to face me I could see it was the shelf bra she had on because the black material disappeared under her breasts. The darker contrast of her areolas with hard nipples could be made out through the stretched material.
Misty watching me staring at her tits said lets get something to eat and led me to one of the counters. The food court was pretty empty being so late but a few of the guys there were watching Misty as she past them. We got a couple of burgers and fries while the two guys working there were trying to slyly check Misty out. As we sat and ate we talked about her purchases and little shows she gave while shopping. I told her I would never hesitate to go shopping with her again.
When we finished eating and got ready to leave one of the movies in the theaters next to the food court let out. So as fate would have it we got to walk out of the mall amongst a bunch of people checking out Misty's tits proudly displayed in her new cloths. We drove home and once there I got a private session of her modeling her new outfits for me.
What a sexy fun loving girlfriend I have.