I was woken up with a familiar feeling down below. Warmth and wetness accompanied by swirling movements. As my senses awaken slowly, I soon heard the familiar slurping noise from under my blanket. I threw the blanket aside and saw Bianca bobbing her head up and down as she sucked on my morning wood.
"Slurp... slurp... ngoom ngowing, Ngag," Bianca tried to say something with my dick still inside her mouth.
"What?" I asked her, placing my hand on her head and gently stroking her hair.
She lifted her head, releasing my cock from her mouth. "I said 'Good morning, Dad'," she smiled, then returned on giving me head.
"Good morning to you, too," I said, leaning back on my pillow as I closed my eyes, savouring the satisfaction Bianca is providing me with.
Bianca is my 22-year-old daughter and the oldest of 5 Horton sisters. She is 5'6" and has a fit body maintained by her usual morning run through the park. She has brown eyes, like the rest of her sisters, and has long, straight, black hair reaching down the lower part of her back. She has full 38D breasts topped with brown nipples. She recently finished college and already has a job in our local bank as an accountant, owing to the honors she got when she graduated.
My concentration was momentarily broken when I felt a rocking motion to my right. I opened my eyes and saw Elizabeth lying on her back as her pussy is being eaten by Catherine. While being pleasured, Elizabeth had her hands on her breasts, playing with her own nipples. Catherine pleasured herself by fingering her own pussy. Sitting on Elizabeth's face, Faith has her pussy tongue-fucked as she too, played with her own tits.
Catherine, or Cath for short, is the second oldest of the sisters and is 21 years old. She had always dyed her hair red and tends to keep it short, keeping it just above her shoulders. She has the same height and body type as Bianca, although with a smaller breast size of 36D. She is currently in her 4th year of college, studying Biology, and is the smartest among the sisters, always on the Dean's List and is currently the top of her batch.
Elizabeth, or Liz, is 19 years old and is in her 2nd year of college. She is 5'7" and has 32C cup breasts. Though having the smallest breast size among the sisters, she took this setback as motivation to give her ass the roundness that would make a father proud. Like Cath, she kept her hair short. She hopes to become a famous and talented actress after graduating as a theater major.
Faith is the youngest of the sisters at 18 years old. She has the same style and color of Bianca's hair, although having quite smaller 34C cup breasts. Though at her age, one can expect for them to develop more. She is now 5'5" and still growing, along with the other parts of her beautiful body. She has worn glasses ever since she was 3 years old and, in my personal opinion, has made her look mature and much hotter for her age. Though only a freshman, she can keep up with her older siblings' witty banters.
Faith opened her eyes for a moment and saw me looking at the lesbian, incestuous threesome happening and winked at me, then returned to her euphoric state of closed eyes and open mouth as she ground her pussy on Liz's face.
I let them be with their engagement and returned my attention to my own cock. I noticed Bianca was furiously rubbing her own pussy while sucking my cock faster, which usually means that she is close to cumming.
Fortunately, I was on the verge, too, and I let myself synchronise to the orgasm of my oldest daughter.
"Fuuuuuuccckkkk," I exhaled as I unloaded my cum inside my daughter's mouth. I knew she wanted to shout the same from the way her mouth vibrated as she holds my penis inside her mouth.
After some time, she let go of my cock and sat straight up. She swallowed all of her father's load and smiled at me. A strand of cum was dripping from her chin, but before I got a chance to point it out, Cath got close to her older sister and licked the stray cum off of her chin. I looked to my side to see Liz and Faith panting as they lay on their sides, probably resting from fucking and cumming.
Bianca showed her gratitude for the sisterly act by kissing Cath and fingering her pussy. Cath returned the favor, fingering her sister as well. This went on for a good minute or two before Bianca broke off the kiss.
"Hmmmm... let me guess, Liz's juice?" asked Bianca while licking her lips.
"Ding! Ding! Ding!" exclaimed Liz, casually rubbing her clit. "Is my taste that obvious?"
"Why don't you taste for yourself," Bianca teased as she crawled towards Liz and went for her lips.
After a few seconds of torrid kissing, Bianca pulled back and Liz licked her lips. "Hahaha, silly, of course I know how I taste like."
"Mmmm... and now I can taste Faith, too," Bianca said as she smirked at her younger sister.
"Wow, can I join in?" said someone at the door.
Bianca turned her face to the door. "Why come in, Deb!"
Deborah, or Deb, is the third among the sisters and is 20 years old. She is in her third year in college studying music. She has shorter hair than Bianca, reaching only half of her back, but is curlier and darker. She is the tallest among the sisters, standing proudly at 5'9" and has the same breast size as Catherine.
Deb entered the room, her hands already rubbing her shaved pussy. Though it was not imposed on the children, they all seem to prefer that their pussies are clean-shaven all the time.
Deb walked into the room and climbed on the bed, sitting in front of Bianca. She positioned herself so their pussies touched. After settling in, Deb started to rub her clit against her sister.
"Where's your mom?" I asked Deb, trying to make her look in my direction, and maybe notice my penis as I stroke it to hardness.
Deb looked behind Bianca. "She just finished making ..." she stopped mid-sentence when she saw my now erect cock. "...breakfast," she got off her sister and started crawling towards me.
"Are you hungry?" I asked Deb as I placed my hands behind my head, offering my cock to my horny daughter.
"My pussy is," Deb purred without breaking her focus on my cock.
"Come on, let's eat," suggested Cath to Bianca, Liz, and Faith. "Let these two tire themselves out. I'm hungry."
Cath stood up from the bed and walked out from the room, not bothering to put any clothes on. Bianca, Liz, and Faith followed suit.
As I was looking at my daughters' asses as they walked out of the room, Deb has already positioned herself on top of my dick. Without wasting a second more, she lowered herself and started fucking me cowgirl style.
I took hold of her breasts and pinched her rock-hard nipples. She grabbed my hand to massage her breasts while I continued playing with her nipples.
She lowered her face to mine and engaged in a much more lustful kiss than the one she had with Bianca. Maybe my dick has gotten into her. I reciprocated the intensity of her wet kisses, meeting her tongue as it wildly flailed around. After a while, I thought I tasted something other than her saliva.
"Already... had some... breakfast... from your mom... I see... or taste," I said in between breaths as I momentarily broke off our kiss.
"Here... open... your mouth," she panted every time she lowered her body on to mine. I did as she told me, and as I did, she took a few seconds to let herself collect some spit and opened her mouth slightly, letting her spit drop down from her lips to my open mouth.
After she emptied her mouth, she licked my lips for some good measure. "There... you can... taste her... better."
I smiled at her and let her spit mixed with my wife's cum's aftertaste settle in my mouth a while longer before I swallowed it all. "Ahh... fucking.... delicious..." I said to her, grabbing her waist and quickening the pace of our fucking.
"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! I'm gonna cum!" she shouted so loud that it was probably heard downstairs. "Cum with me... Dad... please..."
I did as I was asked and pressed her body tightly to mine as I ejaculated inside her pussy. I felt her vagina tighten, milking her father's cock even more. She let out a long moan as she orgasmed, her body shivering from the release. After a few seconds, she descended her body into mine, not letting my cock skip out of her wet, sticky cunt.
"Now that's a fully loaded breakfast," she whispered into my ear. We laid in the bed while we catch our breaths. After a minute, Deb got off from my cock and started sucking it dry. Being an expert cock-sucker, she only needed 10 seconds to fully clean both my cock and balls.
"There! All clean," she grinned as she sat straight, proud of herself for cleaning her father's dick perfectly. "Let's head downstairs, I need to fill my stomach now."
She climbed of the bed and walked towards the door. She noticed that some of our mixed cum was dripping from her pussy. Still walking, she scooped up the spillage with her finger and sucked on it. As if not still content, she inserted her finger into her pussy, let some of our juice adhere to her finger, and tasted our cum one more time. Then, she exited the bedroom and headed downstairs.
I laid there for a while, thinking of how lucky I am with my family. My wife and I have established a rule ever since we started planning out our future as a family: Never keep anything from each other. And that means every secret, every story, every problem must be shared with each family member. And that included everybody's body.
Though we do not force our children to engage or participate with my wife and I's active, sexual lives, it seems that every single one of my daughters were eager to explore such activities with us. Though curious, we never let our daughters participate in our sexual escapades until they were 18 years of age.
After our fifth child, my wife and I agreed that we cannot support any additional children. Thus, I got a vasectomy. Although this lets me cum inside the members of my family, the women always have to take their pills regularly since they are sexually active and have multiple partners, as well.
They don't need the experience of having a child just yet.
After a few moments, I climbed out of the bed and followed everybody downstairs. As I descended the steps, I heard moaning from below.
"Oh shit, Mom!" I heard Cath shout from the dining area.
I reached the last step of the stairs and stood there for a while. At the dining table, Bianca, Deb, Liz, and Faith were eating their pancakes, still naked. While Bianca, Liz, and Faith used syrup and butter on their pancakes, Deb inserted her finger in her pussy between bites and used our mixed cum inside her to flavor her pancake.
"What the hell are you doing, Deb?" asked Bianca when she noticed Deb wiping her fingers on her pancake.
"Oh, this?" replied Deb. "Dad and I both came at the same time. You know how I fucking love the taste of our cum together. So now, I'm enjoying it with my breakfast."
"Ooh, can I have some, please?" asked Faith, holding out her plate to Deb.
"Of course, baby," said Deb as she scooped up more cum from her cunt and spread it on Faith's pancake.
When Bianca and Liz saw this, they politely asked Deb if they could ask some and she happily shared with them. Such well-mannered and sweet siblings!
On the other side of the table, Cath was sitting on her chair, unable to focus on her pancakes. The reason for this can be traced from underneath the table. Alice, my wife, was under the table, kneeling down and eating her daughter's pussy.
Alice, my gorgeous, sexy, loving wife, is 40 years old. She is what kids these days might call a MILF. Not a single wrinkle on her face, she might pass for a 30-year-old woman. Her 38D breasts are slightly larger and saggier than Bianca's and her body is toned as well from constant "exercise". She is 5'7" and has curly, black hair that she keeps at shoulder length.
She has been my significant other since we were in college. The way we met was through our parents, who were both swingers, when they had a session in our house. Her parents brought her along, not able to trust any babysitter with her. When she entered our door, it was love at first sight for the both of us. Our parents noticed this too and arranged for that night to include us and make us closer to each other. And hey, it worked, we've been together for 19 years. We both obtained the same business degree and both graduated with honors. She and I currently work at the Sales Department of a fabric and garments company, where my wife is the head of said department.
The oral service given by my wife was honed by years of experience, which was the cause of Cath's lack of focus. Alice has now reached for her own pussy started masturbating.
I noticed that Liz has been stealing glances at the mother-daughter tandem, unable to focus on her breakfast, too.
Finally, after a few more glances, Liz stood up from her seat and knelt behind her mom, grabbing her ass. Alice noticed this and removed her finger from her cunt to give Liz the freedom to do whatever she wanted.
Liz seized the opportunity and started licking her mother's wet pussy. Now, she was the one who is rubbing her own pussy.
Though Liz does not reject a dick when presented to her, her purest lust is reserved for a woman's, juicy, plump pussy and big, heavy breasts. Luckily for her, this household has a surplus of such luxuries. I do not have the slightest disappointment that Liz prefers her sisters' and mother's pussy over my dick. In fact, I find comfort in knowing that I have someone in the house who can share my admiration for the female body.
I admired the scenario of my family's breakfast for a minute more before I entered the dining area. I approached Cath and played with both of her nipples before sitting next to her. I was about to take my first bite of pancake when Cath grabbed my dick and started stroking it. I looked at her and saw that her eyes were closed. Maybe she groped my cock out of instinct.
I saw Deb dab her pancake with her finger. "Hey Deb, can I have some of that cum?" I ask as she took her final pancake bite.
"Oh fuck, Dad. Sorry, I used it all up," she said, looking at me apologetically.
"Oh, no worries. It's fine," I smiled, trying to alleviate her embarrassment.
Bianca stood up and approached me. "Here, Dad." She swirled her fingers inside her pussy and spread her pussy juice on my pancake.
"Your cum on our pancakes made me so much wet so it's only natural that I return the favor," Bianca explained before planting a kiss on my cheek.
Faith saw this and mimicked what her oldest sister did. "Me too, Dad. Have some of my 'honey'." She smiled at herself for using that pun.
I smiled at both of them, "I'm so lucky I have such loving daughters."
"Well we have such loving parents," said Faith, as she hugged Bianca from the side, reaching for Bianca's clit.
"As much as it pains me to break this lovely mood, you children have to get ready for the day," I said as I took a bite of my 'honeyed'-pancake.
Bianca, Deb, and Faith went upstairs to their room to shower.
Liz got up from the floor, her knees red. "Wooh, got my milk just in time. Thanks, Mom!" I grabbed Liz's ass and pulled her pussy close to my face. I began to clean out the reaming juice on her thighs and mound.
As I licked the last remaining drop, Liz's whole body shivered. "Goddamnit, that made me cum again!" exclaimed Liz.
I laughed. "Okay, we won't finish anything if I have to clean that up again. Go clean yourself in the shower."
"Yes, Dad," Liz said as she climbed the stairs. "Love you!"
"Love you, too, sweetie!" I replied back. "Hey Cath, shouldn't you get ready, too?"
"Don't worry... I'm close...Shit...," Cath replied with eyes still closed.
I let her be and ate my pancake. After 3 more minutes, Alice got up from under the table and stroked Cath's hair. "There, all clean, baby."
"Thanks, Mom!" Cath kissed her mom's clit and went upstairs.
"What was that all about?" I asked as Alice walked to me. I knew what she wanted to do so I pulled my chair slightly away from the table.
"Ahhh," she moaned as she lowered herself unto my hard cock, facing away from me. "No one cleaned her pussy after the threesome upstairs so I decided to take care of it."
Alice did not move, she just let my cock sit inside her vagina as she took a bite of my pancake.
"This has our daughter's juices on it?" she took another bite. "Damn, maybe I should make pancakes more often."
"Right?" I agreed. "It's a shame we didn't get to taste the pancakes with Deb's and my mixed cum on it."
"So Deb started it, huh?" she took another bite. "Why am I not surprised?"
"Well, she's the craziest and horniest of them five after all."
"But is she hornier than me?"
"I don't know, how horny are you?"
Taking it as a challenge, Alice sat up and climbed up the table. She grabbed another pancake and placed it on my plate. She squatted on top of my plate and started rubbing her clit. After warming up, she inserted two fingers inside her cunt and started masturbating, looking straight into my eyes with a leer full of lust.
I subconsciously started stroking my cock as well. I just looked at her with amazement as she sucked on her left tit as she inserts her third finger in her pussy.
Her panting was getting faster, meaning that she will cum soon. "Here's... your... order..." She furiously rubbed her clit as her cum dripped on my pancake.
Seeing such a lustful sight, I knew I was gonna cum soon. I did the first thing that came to my mind. I grabbed another pancake and laid it on the table. I stood up and pointed my dick towards the center of the pancake.
After a few seconds, my cum spurted out of the tip of my cock and onto the pancake. After squeezing every drop out, I rolled the pancake and handed it to my wife.
She had just finished evenly spreading her cum on my pancake when she glanced up and accepted my offer.
"Aww, baby, you shouldn't have," she cooed as she took the rolled pancake off my hand.
We both took our seats and started eating our fresh, hot breakfast. I saw my Alice took a bite and tried to catch some cum that had spilled from the roll.
"It's like a twinkie," she joked.
"Goddamnit!" I heard Liz shout from across the room. "That's so hot, I want to fuck again!"
"Oh man, we don't have time for that," sighed Bianca as she took her keys from the counter. "Just masturbate in the car. We have to go."
"Bye, kids," Alice waved as she took another bite of her 'twinkie'. The kids exited through the front door one by one.
"Bye, Mom!" responded Cath. "Oh, and it's dripping on the other end!"
"Fuck," cried Alice, startled by the dripping cum. "Why did you have to come so much?"
"I'm sorry" I laughed. "It's partially your fault for being so vulgar in front of me."
"Oh yeah?" she finished her breakfast and stood up. "You have a problem with vulgarity now?"
She came closer and straddled by cock, facing me. She wrapped her arms around me and leaned closer, her hard nipples poking my chest.
"Not at all," I replied, grabbing her ass as I start fucking my wife. "In fact, I encourage you to be as vulgar as you can."
"Be careful what you wish for," Alice warned as she got off of me and took our bathrobes and today's paper. She tossed me my bathrobe and signalled me to put it on.
"Isn't this less sexy?" I asked her in confusion as I stood up and put the robe on.
Before I could tie the rope of my robe, Alice grabbed my dick and guided me to our backyard. "Come here, Mr. As-Vulgar-As-You-Can."
Alice walked me over to the fence between our house and our neighbour's. The fence is low enough so that the upper half of our body can be seen from the other side but high enough so that we could lean on it.
Alice bent down and placed the newspaper in front of her, as if reading it, and directed my cock towards her vagina. She started moving and fucking my meat.
"Oh, you dirty bitch," I said in amusement, going along with her scheme. "What if someone sees us?"
She looked back at me and whispered, "That's the plan."
As if on cue, Gail exits her house. She walked over by the side of their pool and sat on one of their loungers, facing us.
Gail was Deb's childhood friend. They have known each other since they were 5. Ever since we moved here, the two of them seemed to enjoy hanging out at each other's house. She lives with her grandmother since her parents are both working in Germany. Not wanting to disturb her grandparent too much, Gail and Deb stayed at our house most of the time when they wanted to hang out. Of course, extra care was needed when they chose to hang out by our house due to our unordinary "family bonding" activities.
Gail noticed us before I noticed her and greeted us. "Hey there, Mr. and Mrs. Horton!"
Luckily, Alice was holding the newspaper up, giving me time to react. I hugged my wife so that it would seem that we are just bonding over reading newspaper. I fucked Alice with slower and shorter strokes just to be careful.
"Heya, Gail!" greeted back Alice. "How are you?"
Gail smiled, seemingly unaware of the intercourse that is happening in front of her. She is wearing a yellow two-piece suit with a triangle-shaped fabric covering her nipples that seemed a bit small for her 36D breasts. The piece of fabric was enough to cover her nipples yet so thin that her nipples poke through them without difficulty. Her long, blond hair was tied back, making her blue eyes much more noticeable. Looking down, the front of her bikini bottom was just a small rectangular piece of clothing just enough to cover the slit of her cunt.
"I'm good," answered Gail. "Although I'm a bit bummed out. My boyfriend just dumped me."
"What? Who would dump a babe like you?" I said with a smile, still hugging (and fucking) my wife.
"Right?" she stood up and turned slowly, showcasing her beautiful body. She's in the swim team of their university and so her body is perfectly toned. Especially her tight, round ass as it is displayed with virtually no cover due to the fact that the back of her bikini was nothing but a piece of string.
I knew my wife appreciated this display with the way her vagina clenched my rod even harder.
"Honey, you're perfect," I complimented Gail. "Your ex must be an imbecile to leave someone as beautiful as you!"
"Plus, look at your body," added my wife. "Even after seeing you in that suit, he'd have to have a rock for a brain to leave you."
"Aww, you guys are making me blush," cooed Gail as she sits back down on her lounger. "Though to be fair, he hasn't seen me in this suit. I only wear this when I sunbathe. The fabric gets transparent when it gets wet so I don't wear it when we go to the beach."
"Well I guess we are lucky to see you in that suit," responded my wife.
"Hell yeah, you are!" she agreed as she sat up straight to present her body once more. She sat up so quickly that her breasts bounced so much. I reacted unintentionally, gripping Alice tighter, which in turn made her reach for my hair and grab it. She passed the response off by stroking my hair.
"I wish I could have a relationship as strong as the one you both have," added Gail. "I mean, look at the two of you, you're cuddling even though you're just reading the paper."
"The secret is to find someone you feel connected with," advised my wife as I started to make longer strokes. "Someone who is always ready to fuck--" I accidentally pushed a bit harder into Alice, making her moan.
"--Someone who is always ready to find time to be with you," I quickly interjected.
Alice reached for my head and kissed me and whispered. "I'm so horny I can't think straight."
I smiled and kissed back.
"Don't worry too much, Gail," I said, trying to go back to our conversation. "You'd find that special someone, especially for someone as pretty and talented as you"
"And fuckable as you," added my wife, losing all inhibitions.
Both Gail and I went wide-eyed in surprise. "Oh, sorry... that slipped out," explained Alice in between breaths.
"Well it seems that those did too, Mrs. Horton," said Gail, breaking the silence while nodding her head towards my wife.
My wife and I looked down and noticed that Alice had unconsciously put down the newspaper, revealing her swaying breasts popping out of her bathrobe.
"Oh, I'm so sorry," apologised Alice as she tried to contain her breasts back into her bathrobe, although failing.
"Oh, don't worry about it Mrs. H.," said Gail. "I'm not troubled by it."
Alice recognised the approval and let her breasts swing freely in front of Gail. She didn't even bother putting the newspaper back up. Though of course, it would soon be obvious as to why her breasts were swinging.
I knew that that realisation came when Gail's eyes opened some more. Being horny as fuck, neither Alice nor I decided to stop or even slow down are pace.
"Fuckable, huh?" Gail finally said. "Is that one of your secrets, too?"
"Do you think... I'm still... fuckable?" asked Alice, now slamming her ass onto me with added force.
"Fuck yes, Mrs. H.," answered Gail, whose legs are now slightly more apart than before.
"How 'bout me?" I joined in. Feeling that hiding is pointless, I stood straight up and am now visibly pounding my wife.
"I can see your technique and I believe you too are fuckable, Mr. H.," responded Gail, now sitting straight up with her legs on either side of the lounger. Looking closely, her bikini bottom has become slightly more see-through right where her slit would be. "I think I have to see the instrument to be sure."
Alice happily obliged and pulled my dick out of her cunt. She stood to the side while still stroking my hard, wet, shiny cock. Her free hand was gesturing towards my cock as if showcasing a game-show prize.
"Yes, Mr. H.," Gail applauded, whose bikini bottom is now completely wet and transparent, showing her shaved pussy. "You are indeed fuckable."
After hearing the confirmation, Alice slid my dick back into her cunt and continued ramming onto me. "Well seeing your lovely pussy, I'm a hundred percent positive that you are absolutely fuckable," remarked my wife.
Gail looked down and realised what Alice meant. "Guess these are pointless now," laughed Gail as she untied the sides of her bikini bottom, exposing her nude pussy. To my surprise, she undid her bra as well, bringing her big, bouncy breasts out in the open.
"Fucking hell," I exclaimed as I removed both my and my wife's robes. "You're indeed... so fuckable... I could do you... right here... right now..."
Suddenly, my wife stopped moving and pulled my dick out once again. She grinned at me while as she grabbed me by my cock and led me to the gate of the fence. She opened the gate and started to walk me towards Gail.
"What are you doing, Mrs. H.?" asked Gail coyly, already rubbing her wet mound.
"Oh, I think you already know, you fuckable cunt," answered Alice.
Gail affirmed with a smile and laid back in her lounger. She opened her legs wider and placed her arms over her head. Fucking hell, she looks like such a slut.
Alice pushed me closer to Gail and guided my cock towards Gail's opening. Just before Alice made me enter Gail, she inserted her finger inside Gail, making the young girl jump in surprise and excitement.
Alice pulled her finger out and licked her finger. "Mmmmm. Fuck juice."
In response, Gail reached out to Alice's pussy and did the same. "I could get used to your fuck juice, Mrs. H."
"Can I go now?" I asked jokingly.
"Yes, you may," answered Gail, returning her hand over her head.
Finally, I entered Gail's welcoming hole. I'm surprised of how tight she actually is, and so I shoved my dick a bit slower into her.
After I plunged my whole cock into Gail, I felt her body shiver. Did she cum just by having my dick inside her? She wrapped her arms around me and lifted herself closer to my ear.
"I'm a virgin," whispered Gail.
I pulled back in shock and saw a little bit of blood on my dick.
"Don't worry, Mr. H.," said Gail, smiling. "I fuck myself with big, fuckable toys every night before I go to sleep. I've always wanted for you to take my virginity ever since Deb and I saw you in the shower with Mrs. H and Bianca. So don't hold back and fuck me like you would a fuckable whore."
Leaving any doubts in my mind, I proceeded to go as requested. I grabbed Gail's waist and started to go wild, going from 1 to 11. I pounded Gail like how I would pound my wife. Gail was initially surprised by how rough I could really get but she eventually enjoyed the ride, her mouth was open with a smile and moaning with every pump.
She was such a beauty to look at. Her blond ponytail swayed along with her heavy breasts with each pound I gave her. Her eyes are closed shut while her luscious lips are wide apart, squealing with such innocent, hushed moans.
Alice was now sitting on an adjacent lounger with her legs wide open. She was using Gail's wet, transparent panties to rub her pussy. The fabric was now so wet that cunt juice is now dripping from its strands.
Gail heard Alice moan and opened her eyes, seeing her masturbating, too. "I don't think... I would be... washing those... anymore..."
"Well, you could clean them yourself," said my wife as she stood up and walked over to Gail. Alice placed her hand on Gail's chin and slowly opened her mouth as my wife wiped the panties over her pussy one last time. Keeping the girl's mouth steadily open as I bang her, Alice placed the soaked panties inside Gail's mouth.
Alice lifted Gail's chin to close her mouth and leaned in close. "Would you please suck your juice and my cum from those dirty panties?" whispered my wife, then giving Gail a kiss.
Gail smiled and closed her eyes once more. Every time I pushed into her, she would suck her panties hard. And as I pulled back, she allowed herself to catch some air. A couple more suck and swallows and she opened her mouth again. My wife picked the panties up and inspected it.
"All clean. Such a good fuckable girl," praised Alice, as she wore the freshly-cleaned bikini. "I'm gonna let these soak up once more so you can have something to suck on later in your room."
"How thoughtful... of you... Mrs. H.," thanked Gail, though her eyes are closed once again.
"Hey there, my... fuckable... baby girl..." I said, wanting to make a suggestion. "You've seen... and experienced... my technique... Come and show me... what you've got..."
"Gladly, Mr. H.," smiled Gail as she let go of me. I stopped hammering her and pulled out my dick. She sat straight up and sucked on my cock.
"Ooh, so this is what pussy-soaked cock tastes like," Gail commented and looked at Alice. "Come, come. Have a taste, it's wonderful."
"Oh, I'll let you enjoy it," said my wife as she diligently rubbed her clit trying to soak Gail's panties up once again. "Having 5 baby girls, I've already enjoyed pussy-soaked cock in different flavors."
Gail looked up at me in awe. "You've fucked all of your daughters?" asked Gail before sucking my cock once more, still looking up at me with wide questioning eyes.
"Every single one of them," I said with pride in my voice. "And I fuck at least two every single day. I've even fucked Deb this morning before she went to school."
Gail closed her eyes and moaned on my cock. I think she came again. After a minute, Gail stood up, smiled at me and proud of a job well done.
"Come here," I grabbed Gail and kissed her vigorously. After a few more kisses, I sat down the lounger and laid back. Gail knew what was asked of her and placed her legs on both sides of the lounger. As she was about to lower herself onto my cock, we heard the front gate open.
Gail stood straight back up in panic. "Shit, Grandma's home. I fucking forgot she's coming home early. What should we do?"
Thinking quickly, I grabbed Gail and jumped into the pool. Just in time, her grandma entered the backyard.
"Gail, where are you?" shouted Gail's grandma as she exited the house.
"Right here, Grandma," signaled Gail from edge of the pool, trying to conceal her naked body. "Got all you need from the store?"
"Why, yes, dear," answered her grandma, then she noticed me in the pool as well. "Oh, why hello there, neighbour."
She smiled and waved at me and I did the same. I swam closer to the edge, right behind Gail.
Gail's grandmother, Joanne Irving or Jo as my wife and I call her, has been like a mother to us. Every single time we needed to borrow money, or simply needed something for the house, Jo is always ready to lend a hand. She's 61 years old, though looking quite young for her age. Her once blond hair had gotten a bit lighter but her blue eyes and comely face showed minimal ageing throughout the years. If I hadn't known better, she could pass as Gail's mother. She works as a fitness instructor at an elderly home, and so her figure is unexpectedly fit for her age, too. Would I fuck her? Let's just say that both Alice and I loved fucking each other's parents and still do to this day.
"It was such a lovely morning, Jo, and I thought, 'What a perfect time to go swimming!'," I said as I slowly entered my cock inside Gail. Gail looked back at me quickly and I smiled. She smiled back and returned her attention towards her grandma once more.
"And so I asked Gail here if my wife and I could use your pool for a moment," I nodded my head towards my wife. Jo looked at the loungers and saw my wife laying there. As Jo directed her attention towards my wife, I started to fuck Gail with longer faster strokes.
"Oh no... Mr. H.," Gail whispered. "Mrs. H forgot to put a top on."
"Don't worry... about it," I assured Gail. "Jo knows Alice sunbathes topless."
As if to prove my point, Jo greeted Alice and walked towards her. Luckily, Alice had a bit of common sense left as she had her legs crossed together.
While Jo walked towards Alice, I moved myself and Gail so that we were always faced towards Jo.
Jo sat at the lounger adjacent to Alice, the lounger where I fucked her granddaughter earlier. "It is a lovely morning, isn't it Alice," said Jo, laying back and closing her eyes.
Seeing this, Alice took the opportunity to open her legs once more and continue masturbating. "Right? I just love how everything touches my body."
I also took this opportunity to fuck Gail faster and harder. "Perfect time... to have fun... in the pool..." I added, smiling at my wife.
"Maybe I should go for a dip later in the afternoon," said Jo, with her eyes still closed. "After all, I've missed my exercise session this morning."
No one replied. Everyone was busy seizing the moment.
"Ahhhhhh," moaned Alice, forgetting to conceal her orgasm in front of Jo.
"What was that, honey?" asked Jo, opening her eyes. Quickly, Alice crossed her legs again. I realised the situation and slowed down my strokes, though I started rubbing on her clit. Gail placed her arms on the ledge, biting it to conceal her moans.
"Oh, I just sighed," Alice explained, trying to normalise her breathing. "This is just so relaxing."
"It is, isn't it?" agreed Jo, sitting up and looking at Alice. "I, too, find sweating to be very invigorating. Look at how much sweat you have. Your tits shine beautifully against the sun."
My wife was shocked and excited at the comment that she subconsciously placed her hands between her legs. Luckily, she realised it and played it of as scratching her thigh.
"That settles it," Jo stood up and walked towards the house. "I'm going to do a few laps later."
With Jo's back towards us, I fiercely quickened my pounding on Gail. She let out a moan just as Jo opened the sliding door.
"Hurry your swim and help me out with lunch, okay?" ordered Jo without looking back as she entered the kitchen.
"I'm cumming!" shouted Gail. I was going to cum, too, so I slammed her ass towards me and held it in place.
Gail pounded her fist on the side of the pool as her body convulsed violently. She orgasmed for a good 10 seconds before calming down. After I felt the last drop of cum spurt from my cock, I turned Gail's body so that I could carry her out of the pool with my dick still inside her. After all, I didn't want to dirty their pool.
As soon as we stepped outside of the pool, I slowly let go of Gail as she stood on her own. Being unexperienced on how to hold cum inside her cunt, our juices started dripping from her pussy.
My wife, being as ready as ever, was already kneeling behind Gail and parted the freshly-fucked girl's legs. Alice pressed her lips against Gail's mound and sucked the juices out. Gail, still sensitive from being fucked, shuddered and placed her arms on my shoulder for support.
"Shit, I think I just fed Mrs. H another round of my cum," joked Gail.
Alice stood up and lifted her head. Her lips are closed and her mouth seemed full. She keeps on moaning as if to say something.
"Oh, I think she's saying 'Open your mouth'" I translated for Gail.
Finally understanding Alice, Gail stepped closer towards my wife and kissed her. Even from where I was standing, I can hear the fluids inside their mouths being played and swirled around by their tongues.
Then, my wife performed one of her special techniques. She forced all of the juices into Gail's mouth and used her tongue to keep Gail's mouth closed. Gail realised what Alice wanted her to do so she lifted her head and swallowed our cum in one single gulp.
"Honey," said Alice in amazement. "I think we found ourselves another natural cum-swallower."
"Another?" asked Gail, stroking Alice's slit through the bikini.
"Cath, our daughter, can swallow any amount of cum," I explained, joining Gail on getting my wife off. "Once, we collected 5 orgasms worth of my load into a cup to test her talent. The little slut drank it all as if she was drinking milk."
"Cath has no gag reflexes," added my wife, letting her wetness soak up Gail's bikini and our fingers. "She can even swallow cum while her father's cock is still lodged in her throat."
"Shit, I want to hear more about your sexcapades as a family," said Gail, untying the sides of her panties from Alice. "Maybe I should come over by your house sometime."
"Your always welcome," assured my wife.
Gail kissed me and my wife on the lips before she entered their house, not even bothering to put her bikini on.
My wife and I picked up our bathrobes, with smiles on our faces, and returned to our house to get ready for work.