Chapter Three -- Unaware Model
The next day began as it did the day before. Though it had become a routine, it was their ritual, which pleased both of them. Later that afternoon Dan decided to go out on the beach for a walk by himself. He changed his clothes, wore a similar yellow shirt as the day before and his favorite green beach hat. He had applied a thin layer of lotion on his arms and legs, found his wife, and told her that he needed to go out for a walk just to get some sun.
Dee knew this was his time and did not ask to join him. Instead she followed him to the front door, kissed him on the cheek and waved as she watch him descend the stairs; making his way out to the sandy trail that would take him to the beach. The paths had been designed by the owners to protect the dunes, yet provided easy access to the beach. Dee followed him outside and watched as he walked out of her view. It was on her way back into the house when she found the items that lay hidden next to the door.
That little snake. He must have put this out earlier knowing that I would find it on my return.
Dee eyed what look to be a bottle of wine with a slim white box attached. She reached down, picked the items off the deck floor, and continued through the door. The bottle, cold to the touch, was not wrapped so she was able to read the word champagne clearly printed on its label. She slipped the bottle into the freezer. She had removed the box that was attached with one ribbon and found the card. Opening the envelope, she read the typed message:
Your display yesterday was beyond words. Would you accept my gratitude and pleasure me with another display outside. I hope you will use all the items I have given you.
Dee placed the note on the table, sat down, and picked up the small package. After opening the box at its end, she tipped the package over and let the plastic piece slip out onto the table. She smiled as she recognized the toy that came into view.So my husband wants another show with me using this,she thought to herself. Picking up the device she found the switch and turned it on. She had a number of her own toys like this and didn't need a user's manual, thought it was much smaller than most of the others she owned. She turned the vibrator off and placed it back on the table. Rising up, she knew what she needed to do next and walked into the bedroom.
Dee tried a few sexy items on and finally settled on a bikini. She spent some time combing her hair out and finding the right pair of earrings that would sparkle in the sunlight. She applied a thin layer of lip-gloss and found a gold necklace that matched her earrings.
Her mind was racing over the past two days, enjoying the mischievous thoughts that were running through her mind. It was good for the two of them to be able to break out of their home routines and do something naughty. This renewed enjoyment and the spontaneous nature of their sexual play was invigorating. It was also reminiscent of their younger years. She had forgotten just how much sexual power she had over her husband before they had kids. And most important, he seemed to enjoy her renewed sexuality as much as she did. This had opened new avenues of adventure that they both could enjoy. She could feel the passion that was theirs in years past.
Dee walked over to the full-length mirror to make any last minute adjustments to her bathing suit. The reflection displayed a few more wrinkles than she could remember, but it also presented a more mature, confident, sexual woman. Dan had commented a number of times on how much he enjoyed her confidence. It excited her to think about his remark. There was something very powerful about being on display for her husband. It thrilled her to think that she would be naked on the deck shortly. One last look in the mirror and she was ready.
Thirty minutes after entering her bedroom she walked out onto the deck wearing her smallest white bikini. Dee scanned the rolling sand dunes and found him sitting in the dunes. She recognized the familiar yellow shirt and green hat that now hid his eyes from her view. She returned his wave.
Dee pulled the chaise lounge over to the middle of the deck and positioned it to face her voyeur. Then walked back into the house to open the bottle and fill her glass with champagne. She put on sunglasses and a large white beach hat that gave her an air of Hollywood. Returning with glass/toy in hand, she walked barefoot onto the deck. Dee placed her two adult items on the deck, sat down and positioned herself so that her voyeur would be able to view her completely. Smiling to herself she sat up in the chair, pulled the string from her bikini top, allowing the material to drift away from her body. She sat back against the lounge, making sure her breasts were visible to her audience. Looking out into the dunes, she saw her photographer now hidden behind his camera. She smiled and pulled both strings to the bottom of her bikini. Slowly, seductively, she pulled the material down her hips and spread her legs for her spectator. Dee reached down, and picked up her new toy. After she turned the toy on, she placed one hand between her legs and the other positioned the vibrator just above her fingers.
Dee again could feel the excitement build of being naughty outside. The fact that she was on display for anyone walking by, providing that extra thrill that she was starting to enjoy. She stared out towards her cameraman in the dunes; she imagined Playboy was photographing her and her pictures would be featured in next month's magazine. Closing her eyes, she let this fantasy take control as her body started to react to the toy, while her fingers found their way to her clit.
Masturbating outside was new and exciting to her. She closed her eyes and drifted into her fantasy, letting the toy and her fingers work their magic between her legs. Every so often she would open her eyes, just to check on her voyeur, making sure he was taking pictures and enjoying her show. From what she could see, it looked like she was having the desired effect on him. She closed her eyes again, and thought about being forced to masturbate on the beach for a large group of men that were watching.
When her orgasm came she curled up onto a ball, forcing her body into a fetal position. This orgasm was slow in building, but when it came, it seemed to last forever. She enjoyed the excitement her body was giving her. She let it control her movements and enjoyed the ride. Finally she was able to rest and stretched her legs back down the length of the lounge. Eyes still closed, she let the final waves of her orgasm sweep across her body.
Dee took two deep breaths, opened her eyes to find that her cameraman still hard at work taking pictures. She rose up, swung her legs around and stood up. Now wearing only her hat and shades, she seductively tiptoed towards the railing completely naked. She watched as her photographer trained his camera on her swaying breasts. She really didn't care if anyone saw her now; she enjoyed what she was doing as she wiggled her boobs in his direction.
She placed both hands on the top railing, spread her legs slightly, and hoped that he could see the small patch of curly hair that remained just above her pussy. She struck a pose, and pushed her breasts out; making sure the sun presented her puppies to her cameraman. Dee danced lightly in place, slowly moved her head left to right, enjoying the sun's heat on her body. She pushed away from the railing and turned to walk back to the house. Feeling quite sexy, she held her head high, arched her back. She felt like she was a professional model as she glided back through the open sliding glass door.
Just before she disappeared inside, she stopped, turned, and presented one final view of her naked body. The camera was still hard at work taking pictures. Waving she stepped inside, and out of sight.
***** ***** ***** *****
The voyeur was hidden in the dunes for well over an hour when he spotted the man walking towards the beach. His heart pounded with anticipation when he recognized this was the same person that was taking pictures from the dunes yesterday. He smiled to himself when he saw the yellow shirt. It was no accident that the voyeur was wearing a similar t-shirt and hat.This actually might happen if she finds the gifts and note I left for her, he thought to himself. He did not have to wait long; there she was at the sliding glass door looking out.
He raised himself up, pulled the hat down slightly to hide his face and waved. She returned the wave and stepped back into the shadows of the room to immerge shortly with a glass that he assumed contained the champagne he had left at the door.
She looked magnificent in the tiniest of bikinis on top of those long, long legs. But he was disappointed to find her face hidden by a hat and sunglasses. He watched as she walked over to the lounge that she had positioned just a few minutes earlier. She was moving a little faster now as she lowered herself into the chair and took off her bikini top.
The camera was already positioned to his eye, allowing him to use the zoom to get a better look at her. She set two items on the deck, spread her legs, and placed one hand on her left hip. She slowly pulled the string back, exposing a small part of the bush that lay between her legs. The show was underway and she was in control. She pulled the second string, which sent his heart racing with anticipation as he watched her slowly pull the material way from her body exposing her pussy completely. Her hand moved between her legs. He worked the camera, first catching one, then two fingers disappearing between the legs. With her free hand, she reached out and picked up the pocket rocket he had given her. She had to use both hands to turn the toy on, but quickly returned her fingers to their position while moving the toy down to help. She laid back in the lounge, closed her eyes, letting her fingers and toy work their magic. It was not long before her lips formed an open circle and her head started to rock back and forth on the lounge.
He was taking pictures as fast as he could, realizing that she was getting very excited. Her body would twitch every now and then, providing a clear sign of an approaching orgasm. Suddenly her whole body jerked hard as she raised her legs up. She stayed in that position for a bit, seemly trying to regain control of her body. He was very pleased with himself that he was able to record the entire session.
He continued to record her display as she stretched back out across the lounge. He watched as she opened both eyes and stood up. Completely naked she walked towards him to the edge of the deck. She presented her body to him to be photographed. Not missing this opportunity he shot a series of fast pictures to record her every movement. After posing for his camera, she turned, walked slowly towards the door, all the time acting like she was a stripper on a stage that had just finished her act. She turned, looked one last time in his direction and waved goodbye.
He was not sure if the show was over, so he sat there a little longer, just to make sure. He finally lowered his camera, rolled it over to look at the last picture.I hope the rest of these pictures are as good as this last one, I am going to really enjoy working on them this evening. There are well over a hundred shots here.He thought to himself.She put on quite a good show and I have the pictures to prove it.
The voyeur reached down to pick up the other items he brought, looked around, making sure he was alone. Satisfied that no one else could see him, he rose, quickly made his way out of the dunes, and away from her house.
***** ***** ***** *****
Dan walked in the front door to find his wife completely naked. She walked over to him, wrapped her arms around his neck, pressing her bare breasts against his shirt, planted a wet kiss on his lips.
"Did you enjoy my show?" She asked.
He was puzzled by how she phrased her question. Having figured that she must have misspoke, he answered, "I love all your shows, and I especially love what you are doing now."
Dee was pleased with his response.
Dan thought his wife was trying to surprise him by being naked, while Dee thought that he had enjoyed her show outside. It didn't matter if he had misunderstood her question, because she was pulling him into the bedroom and he was not about to resist. They both made love that afternoon, but for very different reasons.
***** ***** ***** *****
Later that afternoon, the voyeur had quickly downloaded his pictures to the laptop in his beach house. It wasn't long before he was able to page through the series of shots taken that afternoon.
"These shots are fantastic." speaking out loud, "She has a natural beauty that shows in most of these pictures. He didn't like the hat and glasses at first, but realized that his job would be a little easier because she had worn these items."
It took him a couple of hours to select and modify twenty shots that pleased him. He spent the next hour moving them to a separate folder, preparing for the next phase of his plan.
Speaking out loud as if there were someone else in the room, "I am assuming that these two exhibitionists won't mind what I have planned for them." He was pleased with himself. "I guess we will find out soon enough what they think."