Our early married life was spent in Ilkley, Yorkshire we had one child for a hobby at the time we took up photography joining the local photography club it was a cheap night out except for the money we paid our babysitter.
My wife was quite popular being younger than most of the female members and her 38-24-36 figure also helped with her popularity and resulted in her being asked by one of the older members to be a model for an upcoming portrait competitions.
The particular member was one that had already won various prizes in the past and the camera's he used were the kind used by professionals as were all the accessories he used. We found the reason he could afford these was he had been the owner of woolen mills before he retired. After agreeing to be his model we arrived at his apartment the penthouse of a large four story block, we were welcomed by George and offered a drink from a selection of spirits both of us settling on a twenty year old single malt.
That night he posed Anne using various forms of lighting props and filters, all very professional he even took a couple of photos of us as a couple. At the end of the sitting and another two or three single malts he asked if we would be interested in Anne doing some glamour shots, they would just be for his own folio of course we would have copies as well and he would pay her £15.00 for the sitting which at the time was a weeks wage. We weren't pressured but given his phone number and asked to consider the offer, we left his home that night promising we would consider the offer.
That night after getting home paying the babysitter and checking on our son we talked over the offer, the money would certainly be handy and it would just be for him and he wasn't a sleazy sort of guy. By the time we went to bed we agreed it wouldn't hurt and we'd give him a ring and arrange the photo shoot, the following day it was all arranged for the coming weekend. He had requested Anne bring a selection of her dresses, skirts and blouses and if possible a selection of bra's that she normally wore as well as her cosmetics.
On the Saturday evening our son was in bed the babysitter organized and by 7.30 we were knocking on the George's front door. We were once again welcomed with a drink his apartment set up for the photo shoot with different light combinations and three different cameras. The shoot started with Anne being positioned on a chaise lounge the blouse she was wearing asked to be pulled a little lower to show a little more cleavage before he took a number of photos were she was asked to change positions some so it accentuated the cleavage before being asked to lower it a little more and more photos were taken. Over the evening Anne changed from dresses to blouse and skirts numerous times and changed bra's almost as many times by the time we had to go and let the babysitter get home he had taken hundreds of photos and her cleavage had got to the stage her nipples were barely hidden.
As we were leaving George asked if it would be possible for us to come again as he had some more ideas he would like to try and he would be willing to up the fee to £25.00 if we were interested, well the offer would definitely be considered as there nothing outlandish about his requests and Anne was quite flattered by him referring to her as his model as she was proud of her figure especially after having a baby.
That night our sex was unbelievable Anne seemed turned on by the guy checking her cleavage out and making sure each photo he took showed that bit more and how he positioned her so her skirt kept riding higher to the point little was left to the imagination and I had been turned on all evening for the most part I'd had an erection. By the time we were ready for sleep we had agreed that even without the money we would have agreed to the photo shoot.
The following day I phoned George and arranged to be there on Friday evening provided there was no problem with the babysitter he asked if would be possible for Anne to bring different outfits and lingerie, this was agreed to. Our sex life all that week was fantastic it seemed Anne was horny all the time the thought of being photographed in sexy poses really turned her on. On Friday evening we arrived at George's apartment Anne wore a new dress under her coat that I thought was unbelievably sexy, it was what she called a little black dress. She'd made a special trip to Leeds to buy it, it was cut at the front to her navel and at the back if it wasn't for her waist length hair you could almost see the crease at the start of her buttocks it was obvious she couldn't be wearing a bra under it.
After letting us in it was obvious how impressed George was after Anne took off her coat, after taking her coat he again offered us a drink once again it was the single malt.
It took a couple of minutes for George to get his act together and get his mind off Anne's breasts that seemed in danger of escaping confinement and back on the photo shoot. He had the lighting set as well as the sets he was going to use, he had two cameras on tripods but said he was waiting for a new one to be delivered, a Hasselbad of course I'd never heard of it and I found out I wouldn't have been able to afford one if I had. Just before George started getting Anne to pose the door bell rang, heralding the delivery of the new camera it was personally delivered by the owner of the Camera Shop. We knew Paul quite well as he walked his dog in the park by the river the same time we did and our dogs played together and of course we had bought our camera from his shop.
Paul's arrival came in two parts the apology for being late for the delivery of the camera and the realization that there was a woman in a dress that hid very little, he then recognized who it was the last thing noticed was me sitting in one of the armchairs. He seemed a little nonplussed until George explained that Anne had agreed to do a glamour shoot and this was the second time she'd been here. Well Paul seemed happy to see her there and said to George it would be a good time to show him how to get the best out of the new camera starting with the best way to load the film.
While waiting to carry on Anne and myself were enjoying another single malt, that helped her to relax more. When George was ready he got Anne to start posing Paul making suggestions for better shots including one were they had her bending over the back of a chair that resulted in her breasts all but parting company with her dress. After that George asked for a costume change and from the selection Anne had brought she went into the guest bedroom and changed into a white cotton dress which was scooped low in the front and so fine that it was almost translucent, she also put on a underwire bra that made her 38inch bust look even larger she also decided to put on a suspender belt.
When the camera lighting was turned on the dress seemed to almost disappear her underwear standing out, George, Paul and myself were surprised to say the least not that it stopped George taking multiple photos. It didn't stop Paul either he used George's new camera and was probably quicker on the shutter than George. After the first burst of camera action George turned off the lights and suggested a drink was in order. I told Anne about her dress saying she might as well not have had the dress on, instead of changing she told George as it looked like she appeared to be wearing next to nothing if he expected to photograph her that way everyone had to strip to underwear as well otherwise the photo shoot was over.
Well I was fine with that so I started stripping followed shortly by Paul who I thought was going to leave after showing George how to use his new camera. Finally George started undoing his shirt after saying he didn't think anyone would like to see him in his underwear. As soon as the three of us were stripped to our underwear Paul and myself in briefs and George in undershorts, Anne then took off her dress surprisingly it didn't bother me having other men seeing her in her underwear after all it wasn't any different from her wearing a bikini on a beach. George however seemed entranced by the young woman in her sexy underwear posing for him, Paul seemed quite taken as well, a growing bulge in his briefs giving away his interest.
Not that Anne was unaffected by what was happening she was getting turned on by the attention she was getting and I noticed a damp patch showing slightly on her panties. George seemed to be really enjoying himself telling Anne what pose she should do next they seemed to involve mainly showing as much cleavage as possible, to the point her breasts finally parted company with her bra now it could be seen by all her nipples were standing proud showing she was sexually turned on. Anne then decided that the bra was pointless undoing it and throwing it to me, her 38 C breasts for us all to see in all their glory. After the full exposure I had a hard on though he was trying his best to conceal it Paul had a raging hard on too big to hide until he covered himself with a cushion even George was affected showing a distinct bulge in his shorts.
George knowing the time was running out before we had to leave was now frantically moving Anne from one pose to the next, each pose being more sexually suggestive than the last. Paul decided he'd help with the photography and at one point moved Anne's waist length hair for a better shot in moving her hair he touched her breasts, later she said it almost felt like a shock went through her body and she orgasmed much to her surprise. This resulted in her getting more moist and the damp patch on her panties growing, the contact of his hands on her breasts also resulted in Paul's erection increasing to the point his briefs could no longer enclose it fully and grabbing Anne's attention as it was at the time only inches from her face.
The last ten minutes was hectic with both George and Paul taking photos from different angles I would have been interested what part of Anne's body was in frame. But all things must come to an end especially when you have a babysitter waiting to go home. After we all got dressed and we were ready to leave George gave Anne a kiss on the cheek and thanked her for posing instead of the £25.00 he gave her £50.00 for going further than he expected and if she ever wanted to pose again he would always welcome us. Outside it had started to rain and we had a fifteen minute walk in front of us, thankfully Paul offered us a lift his Jag parked just across the road. A few minutes later we pulled up in front of our house, Anne offered Paul a coffee if he had time no real surprise he accepted.
The babysitter was paid and I walked her home, we did things like that back then. By the time I got back the two of them were enjoying coffee the zip on the front of her dress was lower than when I left by about six inches though not showing all of her breasts they showed a good portion of them that would never be seen in public. After coffee Paul didn't seem to be in a rush to leave and Anne wasn't pushing him out, I had to be up early in the morning and needed to get to bed, trusting my darling wife to kick him out I left them talking.
Apparently Paul had other ideas and after I went to bed asked Anne for another coffee seeing our record player he put on a record that was all soft romantic music then waited for Anne to return but not before turning off most of the lights. By the time Anne had made coffee Paul had taken off his jacket and was making himself at home as she came in the room he took the cups off her putting them on the coffee table he took her in his arms and encouraged her to dance with him before kissing her. Of course after the almost electric shock she had felt when he touched her breasts earlier she kissed him back and soon it turned into something more passionate one of his hands found the zip on her dress and lowered even more then his hand slipped inside and began caressing her breasts and tweaking her nipples. Once this had happened Anne gave in completely her hand found it way down to his crotch feeling an impressive bulge that grew even more at her touch.
Anne knew she should stop and tell Paul to leave her husband was asleep upstairs along with her son, but she was just so turned on her juices were flowing she didn't know when she had been this horny before. So instead of telling him to leave she pushed him back to the lounge while undoing his trousers and pulling his cock free of his underwear, while Paul was helping her out of her dress. There was no slow sensual lead in with lots of foreplay it was let's get it in and fuck as hard as we can a race to orgasm Paul squeezing her nipples her nails raking his back. The hardest thing was keeping the noise down as they both came Anne's orgasm almost caused her to pass out it was so intense, she could feel his cock throbbing as he deposited his load deep inside her. It was made more intense knowing Peter was sleeping on the floor above not knowing the pleasure she was having at the hands and cock of Paul.
Paul withdrew from her his shaft still coated with their combined juices his cock softening, he figured he'd pushed his luck far enough having just been divorced from his wife for adultery he didn't want to be involved in the possibility of another. Much as he would have loved to have spent the night with Anne, he dressed to leave. At the door he kissed Anne goodbye telling her if she was interested in posing for him in the future to just drop in at the shop. The following day after I got home Anne smiled at me and said "guess what Paul wants me to do a photo shoot for him sometime"