Becci's first visit to Théâtre Chochotte left her eager and longing for more. From the moment she descended the staircase she immediately caught the attention of the audience and dancers alike.
Her wrap dress was closed by just a single silk belt, and with each step she had indecently exposed herself to the strangers gathered below. A few men were seated just to the side of the stairs; the best vantage point to watch her entrance. She was sure that they must have caught a brief glimpse of her pink glistening slit on alternate steps, and her nipple as she turned at the bottom. Her pussy flooded as she imagined their concealed arousal.
Once seated, the power she exerted over those gathered around her intensified as she obediently submitted herself to Paul, letting him touch her intimately, and climaxed as he untied her dress and the young dancer had caressed her and toyed with her.
As she left the theatre her vagina felt achingly empty; she desperately needed to be stretched, filled and pounded. To think that she had pulled Paul down to the path by La Seine, that she had pleaded with him to take her there and then, and to her shame that they had been seen. Yet also harboured a deep regret that she had refused to go on stage; what if she never got another chance?
Becci woke from a dream in the early hours of the following morning. A young and beautiful French dancer had pulled her down to the performance area, then blindfolded her and stripped her.
Her recollection was vivid and complete, as if it had really happened. Once on stage the naked girl had lightly kissed her from her thighs up to her moist and parted lips, lingering on her pussy and breasts as she advanced. Becci was displayed to the audience still blindfolded, and led back to Paul by a circuitous route.
The hands of many unseen and unknown men caressed her body as she passed by, cupping her breasts, and running their hands along her legs and between her inner thighs. A few touched her seeping slit and swollen clit. Of course it was highly unlikely that things could go that far in real life, but yet she trembled at the thought of what might happen if she got the chance to return.
Later that afternoon they visited Sacré-Coeur on the summit of butte Montmatre. It is the highest point in the city with incredible views, but Becci's mind was elsewhere. She whispered, "Can we go back to Théâtre Chochotte? Please, I'll do anything you want?"
Back in their hotel Becci shaved and plucked all extraneous body hairs she could find, showered and exfoliated, and then dried and moisturised her skin. She applied vibrant red lipstick and nail polish, and wore her hair up, exposing her slender neck. A few ringlets fell free.
She chose a balconette bra and matching thong. In school she was traumatised by the nickname "Tiny Tits"; it had taken years of validation for her to accept herself and that she was desirable. Even fully developed she was still barely a B cup, but also very pert. Support was strictly optional; the balconette primarily served as an elegant shelf upon which to display her breasts.
To complete the look, she added a tight semi-transparent lace blouse, skirt, stockings and heels. Paul watched her dress intently, and felt compelled to speak, "Becci, I love that little slutty lace top, but I think it looks incredibly sexy with tight, skinny blue jeans!"
With a naughty smile Becci looked into his eyes, pausing to make sure that she had his complete attention, then replied, "Taking them off might be a struggle... Don't you think?" Paul's cock instantly hardened! With a kiss and a gentle stroke of his swollen groin, she whispered, "Jesus, this is just too easy!"
Becci was already on edge just by choosing what to wear, and imagining what she might do. She felt a tingle in her groin and her nipples swell in the taxi. As they descended the stairs to the theatre she attracted a few admiring glances, even though she was much more modestly dressed than the previous night.
The first dancer was dressed as a kitten, prowling the seats and snuggling up to male patrons, purring as she stripped. She was followed by a gymnast who focused on single men, flipping over backwards to drape her legs over their shoulders, her pussy inches from their face. Both gave Becci only limited attention, but the audience were riled and best was to follow.
Paul rested his hand on Becci's leg as he watched the girls perform. Men seated around them furtively glanced in Becci's direction, watching as Paul slipped his hand under her skirt, gently caressing her inner thigh. The next dancer moved gracefully through the audience towards Becci's welcoming smile, and stripped to her heels in front of her.
This time Becci did not hesitate to declare her intentions. She caressed the girl's legs and bare buttocks, then leaned forward to kiss her belly. The young dancer simply smiled and stroked Becci's hair as if she was her lover. She looked at Paul, gaining a nod of approval, and then around the audience to make sure she had their complete attention.
The naked girl playfully stoked the nape of Becci's neck and the side of her breast, then took her hand to pull her to her feet. Without speaking word, she led her down to the stage.
All eyes were upon Becci. She was overwhelmed by fear and longing as she obediently followed the dancer. Her thoughts returned to how she had awoken in the early hours of the morning, imaging this happening. She had initially edged as she savoured her dream, then vigorously frigged herself off. She so wanted this! She wanted Paul to become so hard watching her perform, and for every man present to be deeply jealous of him. This was a strange but wonderful apology.
The dancer whispered, "Je suis Nicole," and began to caress Becci as they moved together to the music. She was a few inches taller than her with generous c-cups. Jealousy is such a human emotion, but in this moment it was matched with admiration and even a hint of desire.
Becci gently ran her fingertips down Nicole's neck, breasts, slim waist and hips, putting on a show for the audience. She had danced suggestively with some of her girlfriends in clubs before to entice boys, but that was just childish play compared to this! Nicole in turn slinked down Becci's body until her face was level with her groin, then ran her hands under and up her skirt, exposing her pale smooth skin above her stocking tops.
Nicole led her, teetering in her heels, to a chair centre stage. She slowly unbuttoned Becci's blouse, easing the delicate lace slowly off her shoulders and letting it fall to the floor. She stroked Becci's neck and breasts again, then released the clasp of her bra and slipped the straps down her arms. Wolf-whistles from a pair of English tourists attracted a few disapproving looks, but Becci was delighted by their reaction.
Nicole pulled Becci's hands behind the chair, pushing her breasts forward, and wrapped her bra loosely around her wrists her n mock bondage. Becci felt her breasts tingle and swell, becoming a little fuller as they rose and fell with each breath. Her nipples were displayed, engorged and protruding, surrounded by her pale pink areolae. Nicole seductively cupped and gently squeezed Becci's pale mounds, then worked down her body and legs as she gazed into her eyes.
The audience were captivated in silent anticipation, suddenly heightened by the sound of the zip of her skirt being undone. It seemed so provocatively loud in the small theatre, and was instantly met with murmurs of approval. Becci imagined the cocks of the many men present responding and blushed.
Nicole theatrically opened Becci's skirt and tugged on her little lace thong. After more erotic play she freed Becci's wrists and invited her to stand. Slowly she slipped her skirt down her legs, returning to pull at her thong again.
Nicole looked longingly into Becci's eyes while sucking her finger, almost like she was half-child and half-slut, then turned to the audience for their support. Becci knew what she wanted, what everyone wanted, and her first instinct is always to please. She blushed again to a stream of compliments and lewd comments from the audience, "Vous êtes belle! ... Enlève ton string! ... Plus de peau! ... Take it off, take it of!... Se mettre à nu!"
Becci spotted a young man sitting to the side with his coat across his lap and his hand moving underneath; she imagined his hard cock weeping for her. She arched her back, pushing her bum out, and slowly pulled her thong over her buttocks. Keeping her legs straight, she placed her hands on the back of her upper thighs and lower bum cheeks, then gently eased them apart.
Becci always considered her smooth, waxed pussy her best feature. Her labia were delicately proportioned, while her naturally pale skin flanked her baby-pink inner lips and vagina. She secretly loved that she had no dark or uneven pigmentation.
The moment Becci pulled her thong down the audience fell silent. Everyone simply stared at her pussy as if nothing else mattered. Even Nicole was staring at her little folds, like some precious and beautiful flower. Her pupils dilated as she took Becci's hand to steady her as she slipped the tiny garment over her heels.
Nicole suddenly fell to her knees and grasped Becci's buttocks, inhaling the scent of her sex! Becci's vagina instantly responded to the conveyed sexual intent. In a moment of self-recognition, she admitted that she lay somewhere on a spectrum. Nicole was gorgeous, naturally sensual and naked. She worked slowly up Becci's body, visibly enjoying the feel and scent of her, and running her fingertips lightly and seductively over her smooth skin. As she finally stood up Becci embraced her and they kissed; first on both cheeks, and then on the lips.
Nicole presented Becci to the audience in just her stockings and heels, then stepped back and joined them in applause. A man in the front row shouted, "Puis-je avoir un petit souvenir?" Becci looked hesitant, and glanced up to Paul, trying to read his expression. With a smile and nod from him, She turned to Nicole and quickly agreed her finale in whispered tones.
Nicole announced, "Elle propose ses bas aux enchères!" Several men in the audience cheered, but a few did not seem to understand.
Becci translated, smiling, giggling and blushing, "I'm offering my stockings for auction! One at a time."
Nicole assumed the role of auctioneer, and the bids quickly climbed to 30 Euro! Becci slipped her heels off, now standing just 5'4" in her bare stocking feet and barely 106 lbs. She looked more vulnerable than ever as she walked over to the victor, smiling invitingly, and whispered, "I'm really so very little without my heels." He was substantially older than her, confident and eager.
Becci placed her heel on the seat between his legs. He inhaled sharply as she pressed her toes against his bulging groin, then slipped her fingers under the lace top of her stocking. Becci smiled as felt his instant approval, then looked into his eyes as she slowly slid her hands down her leg with her thumbs hooked, gathering the material. On reaching her knee she placed a hand on his shoulder and lifted her leg, posing with her toes pointed, as she slipped her stocking off and draped it over his shoulder.
Becci's gaze returned to the bulge in his jeans from his straining hard cock, as he produced 30 Euro from his wallet. With another sale to make she decided to play to the audience. She smiled provocatively at him and around the audience, then leaned over him, briefly glancing her breast against his face, to hand the cash to Paul in the row behind. She left him with a kiss on his cheek.
Nicole was wide-eyed and almost jubilant as she pulled Becci back to centre-stage. "Quelle performance! Enchérissez maintenant pour son bas restant et elle!" This time neither Becci nor Nicole provided a translation; perhaps they both wanted a Frenchman to win.
A strong voice closed the deal, "Cent Euro! Cent euros pour elle, si je peux enlever son bas!" Becci felt her heart flutter, and her face flush. She hesitated, looking up at Paul for his permission once again, and to ensure he knew that this man wanted to personally remove her stocking. Paul nodded before she spoke.
The second successful bidder took his jacket off and looked at her intently as she approached. He reached down to run his fingers over the arch of her foot and along her ankle, then slid his hands around her calf. His eyes flicked up and down her naked body as his hands advanced up her slender leg to her bare thigh above her stocking top, glancing her vulva.
The audience felt silent and Becci blushed as he slowly rolled her stocking down her leg in gradual steps, repeatedly placing both hands on her bare leg and drawing them down over the rolled stocking top. He was stripping her stocking from her as agreed, but he was also caressing her. She could feel his warm breath as he spoke, "Mon Dieu! Ta peau est si douce!"
Becci raised her leg for him, holding it much closer to him than she had for the previous winner. His face was inches from her labia, and in this position the inner lips were parted, revealing her moist entrance. He lingered, holding her slender ankle in one hand with the other on her thigh. He seemed to be inhaling her scent. Finally, he pulled her stocking over her heel and slipped several banknotes into her hand.
Nicole quickly rescued Becci, then gathered her clothes over her arm as Becci picked up her high-heels. A flutter of applause rippled through the audience as Nicole led her back to Paul. Becci 'accidentally' glanced the legs and shoulders of admiring men as she squeezed past, her heels dangling from one hand and 100 euros clutched in the other. Once seated she crossed her leg over Paul's and gave him her takings. She ran her hand over the seeping bulge in his jeans, discreetly stroking the triangle under his weeping glans.
Becci needed little encouragement to remain naked for the next dance. She kissed Paul's neck and whispered, "I want to free your cock... To take it in my mouth and suck it in front of everyone... To let them watch as you penetrate me!" Of course she knew she couldn't, but she pressed her breasts into him and continued to touch him until he stopped her as her fingers reached the zip of his jeans.
She never told him that she imagined being gangbanged there and then like wanton little slut, taken repeatedly by everyone present, including Nicole. She handed Paul her bra and thong for safekeeping, then pulled her blouse and skirt on before leaving.
Becci and Paul stopped at a street café for a last drink. She kept him aroused by discretely flashing her nipples and pussy and occasionally stroking his engorged cock. Back in the hotel she barely got through the door before he slammed her against the wall and firmly groped, kissed and playfully bit her.
Every inch of Becci's skin tingled as he told her that the audience were more captivated by her than any professional dancer, just as he was, "They'll be thinking only of you as they fuck their wives or jerk off tonight... I know two who'll probably cum in your stockings!"
Looking at him, she whispered, "You think some of them... Some will imagine they are fucking me?" Their room was on the fourth floor, so fairly safe. Becci broke free and opened the curtains and balcony doors, then performed an erotic striptease just for Paul. The room lights were subdued, but bright enough to illuminate her for any fortunate voyeur. She brought her pale pink nipples and pussy to Paul's lips, then used her intimate areas and mouth to tease his tense cock.
Becci led him out to the balcony and grabbed the railing, glancing down at the people walking by below. She pushed her curvaceous but firm bum towards him and reached slowly back between her legs to finger herself. She heard his jeans fall to the floor. In seconds his cock thrust into her, finally filling her dripping vagina. As she writhed on his cock, she whispered, "I wanted you... Ah... Ahh... On stage!" Moaning, she pushed back to meet each thrust, taking him to the hilt.
With perfect timing he asked, "Want to taste it?" He had edged all evening and as she swung around to her knees, her hungry mouth reached his cock just in time to receive several powerful jets of cum. With a naughty smile she swallowed every drop then pulled him back into their room and to their bed.
Paul placed a blindfold over her eyes and improvised using a bathrobe belt to secure her wrists, "Do you know what happens to naughty little sluts?" A few firm slaps stung her buttocks, and then a couple more unexpectedly struck her pussy! With passionate kisses and his ardent tongue, he quickly soothed the marks on her bum and lapped at her vulva, teasing her clitoris and probing her entrance.
She writhed under his control, especially when he ventured off piste, transiently and unexpectedly rimming her. A series of orgasms gripped her, whilst he ignored her pleas to put his cock in her. The tip of his tongue expertly ran in grove between her minor and major labia, repeatedly returning to circle her clit. Then with broad firm strokes he licked the full length of her pussy to her pink bud, pausing to probe inside her.
Finally, he broke off and flipped Becci's petite body over, pinning her face down, and thrust into her. Rings of spasming muscle in her vagina yielded to his powerful advance as he subjected her pussy to an unrelenting pounding. Her toes curled and fists clenched as she succumbed to a final and overwhelming orgasm.
As it faded so did Becci. She felt completely drained, physically and emotionally, almost as if she was in a state somewhere between waking and dreaming; La Petite Mort. She lay naked beside Paul, but it took several minutes before she summoned the strength to whisper, "That may have been the best fuck of my life!"
Becci woke with Paul spooning her and slipping back into her pussy, well lubricated with his cum. She pretended to be asleep, but couldn't suppress her content smile. She had lost count of how often he'd fucked her during the night. All that mattered was that he desperately wanted to. She was his little fuck-bunny, his slut, his lover, his wife.