The aroma of coffee in the morning was sobering after a restless night.
- Been out 'til late?
Asked Laura as she poured her a generous cup. Alex seemed distracted, it took her a second to answer the question.
- No, I just haven't slept too well last night.
Laura could probably notice her roomie's sporadic glances at the phone on the table, and when her hands quickly grabbed it as soon as a notification appeared on the screen, she smiled.
- Is there any particular reason you didn't sleep? Maybe a reason that's texting you right now?
- What? No, no. I just... God, I'm just late, I'd better get going.
Keeping a tight grip on the phone Alex walked to her bedroom, closed the door behind her, and finally unblocked the screen.
The night before, right after she clicked on the upload button and witnessed her video popping up on her Turnons profile, Alex had one of the most thunderous orgasms of her life.
Briefly after that she got the notification that informed her SubtleG had viewed the proof of completion and evaluated her dare as "completed".
This automatic message was followed by a short chat message:
SubtleG: Hello Nina, I wasn't sure you had it in you but I'm glad you completed my first dare. Another one will follow tomorrow. Just one. This way you will have the chance to uncover more features of the app through the automated dares. Mind though I always expect you to be willing to explore. In the meantime congratulations on the brilliant performance, I'm sure many others will be absolutely charmed by your beauty and eagerness in the future.
She had been tempted to answer. What she did instead was edging to sleep while watching her own video over and over again.
From the moment she woke up, Alex had been torturing herself with one only thought: should I take down that video?
It was only visible to one user, but what if this SubtleG - that she knew nothing about - showed it to someone else? What if he lived in the UK? Maybe in her very city. What if somehow he could share the video online. Surely there could be ways to get around Turnons' security and privacy settings.
She had been so stupid.
Sure, you couldn't see her face, she paid attention to that, but her whole body was on display. And the room could be easily recognised by someone who knew her.
Her mind was quickly building tragic scenarios of her downfall when her phone chimed, she took it and almost ran to her room. Her heart pounding, her first dare of the day waiting for her behind that harmless message.
*Turnons - New Dare - Time left: 16 hours*
Alex clicked on the screen and opened Turnons app. The dare she received had been automatically generated. Nevertheless she could feel her breath getting shorter, and as she read it a familiar feeling began to spring in her groin.
*
New Dare
Level 1
Share the news.
Invite at least one contact from your contact list to Turnons.
Time left to complete the dare: 16 hours
*
Fuck. No way. She didn't think about it for a second and clicked on "Reject Dare". She was then presented with a pop-up.
*
Aw, this is your first rejection Nina.
Let's ease you into Turnons' penalty mechanics.
When you reject an automated dare you will be generally provided 2 or more options and you will freely choose which one you want to complete as a penalty.
If you reject a user generated dare it will be up to the dare giver whether or not a penalty is due and, if that's the case, the nature and details of the penalty. Mind though even dare givers have rules:
the penalty can't force you to complete the dare you just rejected. If that's the case, immediately report the user in order for Turnons staff to intervene;
dare givers will be required to provide you with at least two options most times. Only at higher levels they will be able to provide a single option.
Since you rejected a dare, pick one of the options as penalty:
1. Increase dares level by 1
2. Increase number of daily dares by 1
*
Maybe moving up a few levels will make the stupid app drop the tutorial mode, she thought, and will get me actual dares that won't push me to add contacts or stuff like that. So she chose option 1.
Another notification was waiting to be open on top of the one she just dismissed.
*
Your daily report
Hi Nina!
This is your first Turnons daily report. Here you will find a summary on where are you at on your exciting and daring exploration here on Turnons.
This is where you can track the number of dares you have completed during a given day, and how many dares you have to complete yet; you will be reminded of special perks, badges you can achieve, active penalties, and lots of additional info.
Here's your recap for today.
Daily Dares: Your number of daily dares is now 3
Completed Dares for the day: 0
Number of dares to complete for the day: 3
Turnons Dares:
You have received 1 out of 3 automated dares. Automated dares level is now 2.
Active Penalties: 0
Overall completed dares: 3
*
Nothing new there, but her focus was quickly drawn by a little red circle with a number 1 in it in her dares inbox. It wasn't there before and it was promptly followed by another notification:
*You have received a new dare from SubtleG.*
Alex could immediately feel her heart beating faster. Was it excitement or distress? She couldn't tell.
*
New Dare from SubtleG
Hello Nina,
First of all I want to renew my congratulations for your little performance yesterday. Your video, whether short, has kept me good company last night. I showed it to a couple of friends of mine, and they liked it as well.
Just a couple, they're trustworthy, don't worry. We don't want too many people to know about your escapades, do we?
About that: were you too afraid to look if someone saw you last night, or did you catch some lucky guy enjoying the view?
You can answer that later, now it's time for your new dare, if you will be once again playful and willing enough to complete it.
Whatever is your schedule today, you are to spend at least 4 hours outside. There's something I'd like you to wear, and something else I'd like you to leave at home.
I want you to wear one of these items of clothing:
- a thin, skin tight, white top,
- a sheer blouse,
- a white shirt with at least half buttons undone.
The thing you will leave behind is your bra.
Don't be too scared. You are allowed to wear something on top of that. It can be a blazer, a button-down sweater, a hoodie with a zip, or any other item of clothing you will be able to open fast enough.
As a proof of completion, first of all you will upload a pic taken right outside your door, wearing nothing on top but the white item of clothing of your choosing. And to be absolutely sure you are not wearing a bra you will upload a second picture with your breasts showing.
If you choose to wear a top pull it down or up far enough to take the picture, same with the blouse, while for the shirt you will need to unbutton it completely.
Since I want to be sure you won't try to cheat throughout the day, every now and then you will receive a notification. These notifications are called "flash proofs" or "flash dares" and they require you to post a picture or a video. In this case you will be required to post just a picture of yourself wearing your top, unless you give me a reason to doubt if you followed the rules. Wherever you are you will have 2 minutes to do so.
Mind that if your nipples are not clearly visible through the fabric I will not judge the pic as valid.
I will give you the chance to fail a flash proof just once. If you fail to upload 2 or more pictures that fit the requirements, the whole dare will be considered as failed. A gentle warning: I don't appreciate failure, and I don't know if I would be interested in keeping up this little game of ours if you turn out to be a quitter.
Time to complete the dare: 10 hours
*
Alex read the instructions over and over again. Her hand had unawarely shifted down on her crotch. The words alone had turned her on, before she could even start to picture herself in the scenario SubtleG had created for her.
She was confused by how accurately this guy pulled her strings, but she needed a moment of clarity. Trying to breathe regularly she told herself she didn't have to do this. Everything could have stopped now: she would've closed her profile, and the last few hours would become just a memory. A truly exciting memory.
She read the instructions again. This time her eyes lingered on the first part of the message, where he told her how her video had been shared with "a couple of friends". She whimpered, biting her lip because of how turned on and ashamed she was. It really took so little to turn her into a complete mess? She had uploaded a porn video of herself on an app! And now at least 3 strangers had seen it.
Her hand started moving again between her legs. Alex reached inside her pants to find her pussy was getting wet.
It wasn't just that. The reason she was on the verge of tears wasn't because she was making a fool of herself, and was even so stupid to like it. She was crying now because she didn't want it to end. She had been fantasising about something like that for so long, and now she had a little taste of what it could be like, the fantasy had become a need.
*
When she heard the door closing behind her Alex took a deep breath. It was silly, probably, but she felt distant from her ordinary self. Was it really her, the girl that just walked out of the apartment? Was she really about to do what her mind suggested?
She took a couple of steps forward towards the elevator. No noise was coming from other apartments on the same floor. She quickly took off her cardigan completely exposing her thin white halter top. Before taking the first picture she made sure her nipples were hard enough, even if both the nipples and the areolae should have been already visible through the fabric.
Before and after getting dressed Alex had furiously edged. She stopped right before climaxing at least 3 times. She didn't want to cum, because she was sure that after the orgasm she would have chickened out. She needed the excitement to fuel her need to go on.
Furthermore the top was truly skin tight. It was a gift from Laura that she never actually tried wearing out since it was stretchy and a size smaller than hers. In this case though it was a perfect fit.
A sheer blouse would have been too revealing as well as an unbuttoned shirt. It was already blatant she wasn't wearing a bra, and her big breasts would have been swaying around the whole time if it wasn't for the top that kept them mostly still, while providing more coverage than the other two options.
Anyway she had to use Turnons' camera to upload the pictures, and as she learned the night before the app didn't give you the chance to take more than one picture. So it had to be perfect. Clicking on the persistent notification that said "Turnons: Dare from SubtleG in progress" the camera opened up.
Alex pinched her nipples a few times and took the photo. It immediately popped up as a post on her profile, right above the previous update "Nina has accepted SubtleG's task". The top clinged to her as a second skin: the outline of her nipples was perfectly visible.
Come on, she thought, and raised the top up until she was almost completely topless just a few steps from her front door. She took the picture in a hurry this time, but she was still careful enough not to include her face, just a little bit of her chin and mouth.
The picture appeared right above the first one. Both had the caption "Nina has uploaded a new picture in response to SubtleG's dare".
Alex quickly covered up, pressed the elevator button and tried to calm down. She noticed her breasts moving up and down as she breathed. It took her a few seconds after she entered the elevator to finally look at herself in the mirror and realise she hadn't covered up with the cardigan yet. She did so just in time, right before the doors opened on the ground level in front of an older guy waiting.
Alex mumbled something and walked by him.
She had to get herself together quickly, she was supposed to attend a two hour seminar that morning, and a lunch afterwards.
Five minutes after posting the pictures, as she was walking down the block to the subway station, her phone chimed with a notification.
*SubtleG has accepted your proof of completion*
The idea of all the trouble she was going through just to complete a dare given by a stranger, the fact that she was basically sending him nudes, and that he had to approve them, was diminishing. It made her feel like a stupid and slutty teenager screaming for attention.
Alex climbed down the stairs to catch the train at the last second. She remained in the middle of the wagon catching her breath. Her chest moving rhythmically up and down catched the eye of a couple of younger guys sitting in front of the door smiling. Playing the scene in her head Alex realised she must have been quite a sight, running on the platform and inside the train with her breasts bouncing unprotected by the bra.
Her face was already flushed because of the run, so the guys couldn't tell how embarrassed she felt. One thing was being exposed to an anonymous guy, possibly hundreds of miles away, another thing entirely was giving a live show to two smirking boys right off high school. She was thankful she could at least wear something over the top.
She was thankful. What was wrong with her?
Unfortunately there was no seat available, even if the wagon wasn't packed as it used to be at that time of the day. She had to stand, so she kept an arm around her chest, preventing her breasts from bouncing too much because of the train's movements. Nevertheless the boys kept their eyes on her the whole time.
Eventually she found a seat when her destination was 3 stops away. As they were approaching a station, Alex heard the familiar vibration of her phone. A red notification on the top of the screen, right below "Turnons: Dare from SubtleG in progress", informed her there was a flash dare to complete. There was a 120 seconds timer that had already started.
Her heart skipped a beat. She clicked on the notification and Turnons' camera opened once again. A line at the bottom of the screen read "Upload a picture showing your top and your nipples clearly visible through the fabric".
Fuck.
She wasted about 30 seconds on thinking, or, well, letting her mind go blank. Her breathing getting faster again as she pictured what she was about to do in a crowded subway train. Nothing too scandalous a voice kept repeating far back in her head. It's a free country, a girl is entitled to wear whatever she likes. But showing off her clear lack of bra wasn't the thing Alex was the most embarrassed about.
Trying to be quick and subtle at the same time she reached inside her cardigan, finding her right nipple and gently pinched it, while shielding her move with the other arm. Her eyes widened looking for someone nearby who could have noticed the scene. Sure enough nobody was paying attention to her, or simply out of time, Alex repeated the same move for her left nipple.
Then, without thinking too much about it, she took off the cardigan. Doing so made her top stretch and her breasts push even more against the fabric. The guy next to her was deliberately watching in her direction now, even if not directly at her; and another standing in front of her was looking down trying not to be too obvious. She couldn't overthink it anymore though, the time was almost up. She pointed the phone and took a picture that got uploaded automatically on her feed. A fullscreen preview of the picture stayed on for a few seconds before a message appeared on it: "Congratulations! You have completed a flash dare!".
The picture showed more of her face than she intended, including her lips and the tip of her nose, but the main focus was clearly her chest. Her breasts and nipples were clearly outlined by the skin tight white top, and the darker skin of the areolae could somehow be distinguished.
"You got the wrong angle for that selfie, I guess." said the guy next to her smiling "or quite the right one, depending on who you sent it to."
Nosey smartass.
Alex would have liked to reply something like "mind your own business", or better "fuck off, peeper", but she was too embarrassed to do anything but getting away from that train as fast as she could. She got the cardigan in her hand and quickly stood up. She almost hit the guy standing right in front of her seat. Her breasts pushed against his chest. She didn't look up, she just said "I'm sorry" moving towards the door.
The train stopped right after she managed to squish through the rest of the passengers, and finally she got out, her cardigan still in her hand, the fresh air of the station making her even more aware of how hard and unprotected her nipples were right now.