Katie rang the doorbell at the store front door. She had a rung half a dozen or so times before the old man was woken from his sleep and came to see who it could be at such an early hour. He had expected Katie would be coming by but he hadn't expected it to be so early, nor did he imagine she would be stood outside the store completely naked. In hurrying to answer the door the old man had simply grabbed his bath robe, pulled it around him and walked through the store to the front door. He stood motionless staring through the glass door at the sight of the naked girl. Within seconds, and even at his age, the old man was sporting a full erection that was sticking proudly out through the open robe. With one hand trying to hide his obvious arousal he quickly unbolted the door and let Katie in to the store.
Without prompt or thought Katie hugged the old man and then seeing his arousal she dropped to her knees and took the old man's cock in to her mouth and began to bob her head back and forward taking the old man's full length in to her mouth and then deeper in to her throat. The whole experience caught the old man off guard and he began to wobble on very unsteady legs. He wasn't sure how, but he managed to keep his balance and within just a few minutes he was groaning loudly as he dumped a mass of cum in to her mouth. Not a drop was missed as Katie swallowed it all. After licking the old man's cock cleaned, she lifted herself off her knees, kissed the old man again and walked through to the shower room at the back of the store. After a moment to gather his thoughts the old man managed to croak a feeble 'thank you' before getting a full grasp on his thoughts and Katie's new attire for the day.
As Katie stood under the hot shower she suddenly froze as the memories of the previous days came flooding back. She was giddy with the thoughts racing through her mind; the security guard, the boys in the alley, the men that had molested her and the relentless fucking in the club and the blow job she had just given the old man. To say she was confused would be an understatement. Why was she acting this way, why now and what had changed? Try as she might she couldn't make any sense of it. In the space of only 48 hours she had gone from being a shy and retiring girl to being a complete nymphomaniac and slut. She couldn't make any sense of it; all she knew was she was loving it
Whilst deep in thought, the old man called her from the shop and it broke her from her daze. After the long hot soak Katie felt refreshed and alive once again. As she dried herself, her mind momentarily turned to the day ahead and to her job. However, within seconds her mind was back in the store and she was eager to see just what sort of outfit she would be wearing.
The old man had made coffee and breakfast which Katie found as she left the shower room. As she sat and ate the light breakfast, she thanked the old man for his kindness. The old man waved away the thanks as not being needed. Truth be told his mind was fully engaged in the days schedule that he and Mr, Oldham had planned. Both he and Mr. Oldham had seen the video footage from the club and could see that she had fully embraced her role as a slut. However, they didn't want her to be given to question herself and the first step in the plan was to ensure that Katie's arousal was kept at the same high level. Preparing breakfast for Katie had not simply been an act of kindness, her food and drink had been laced with more of the powerful aphrodisiac that she been consuming for the past few days.
After she had finished eating the old man had Katie stand in the middle of the dressing room and he then set about liberally applying more aphrodisiac oil to every inch of her body. After 20 minutes of thoroughly enjoying massaging oil in to her soft flesh, the old man's attention moved to the 'outfit' for the day.
In preparing the new outfit the old man had first thought about a something as revealing as her night's attire in the two days earlier, but he decided that perhaps a more conservative approach would be the way to go for the office. However, as he began to make the skirt his ambition took over and he decided that 'risqué' should be the theme for the day.
Starting once again with a blank canvas the first item he dressed Katie with was a pair of black stilettoes. Slender in design they had a 4-inch heel and forced Katie to stand tall and to lift and shape her already shapely slender legs.
The second piece of the outfit that he fitted was a skirt. The skirt was a plain black cloth. Nothing risqué or scandalous at first glance but he had spent extra time ensuring that the cut of the skirt would truly represent the days theme.
The old man lifted the tiny skirt and wrapped it around her waist before fastening it with a single press stud. Katie could see that it was a precariously black short skirt and it immediately had her heart racing with excitement. Her heart would soon be pounding when she saw how it had been cut.
The thin waste band sat low on her hips with the bottom of the skirt dropping across the top of her thighs. However, for better effect the skirt had been cut in to strips, 18 to be exact, 9 across the front and 9 across the back and with a generous gap on each side of her hips. With the skirt in place the old man asked Katie to walk in small circles around the dressing area. As soon as she began to move the skirt strips began to move apart and to show wide areas of naked leg, ass and of course pussy. The strips danced around Katie's body almost with the single intent of exposing her. As soon as she stopped walking the skirt strips dropped back in to place and at a glance you would not have thought it was anything other than a precariously short skirt.
The old man was delighted with the results. It was at this stage that Katie's heart began pounding with even more excitement as she saw that the skirt only really covered her if she stood still, any movement would leave her almost fully exposed. Her first reaction was a gasp as she felt her arousal grow. As she opened her mouth to speak the old man quickly hushed her and continued with his tasks. The final piece of the outfit was the top and the old man had also been busy with its cut and fit.
The old man wanted Katie consumed with the risk of exposure and wanted her to be conscious of her body and clothes all day. He knew that she would try to maintain a professional posture and would be trying to impress Mr. Oldham in order to keep her job. He had also seen her grow in confidence, embracing her slutty nudity, but he wanted her to feel constantly on edge whilst in the office.
As before the old man stood behind and Katie, and following instructions she raised her arms from her sides. The old man held up a tiny tailored waistcoat. The old man reached around and pulled the top across Katie's back as she put her arms through the arm holes. Stepping in front of Katie the old man pulled each side together over the top her generous chest and buttoned it in place with 3 buttons. The bottom of the waistcoat wrapped snugly around Katie's slim frame just below the bottom of her tits. The lapels were cut high on the shoulder and were extremely narrow. With the arm holes cut all the way to the bottom, a generous portion of tit flesh was visible on each side. In the centre the old man had cut a large 'V' shape to plunge low and to show a mass of cleavage above the small row of buttons. The old man had taken his time with the tailoring and his patience was being rewarded. The tailoring was exquisite, in front there was an acre of cleavage on display and Katie noticed that her nipples were barely covered, but even when they were, there was no hiding how erect they were.
The old man asked Katie to walk and move around the room once again. As she began to move the skirt strips began their erotic dance, but they were somewhat overshadowed by the sight of Katie's tits freely bouncing within the top. The effect was hypnotising. The old man continued to watch and after a moment to ponder he removed Katie's top and grabbed a pair of scissors and then without a word he moved to his work bench. Within only a few minutes he was done and with Katie once again raising her arms he re-fitted the top. It was still the same size, but in front the top button had been removed and exposing more cleavage. The two remaining buttons sat just below the bottom of Katie's tits. The 'V' had been extended so much that it now showed a full and unrestricted view of her cleavage. With the top now back in place the old man had Katie move around once again. With the top now more open, Katie's large tits and erect nipples were bouncing that bit more.
On seeing the full effect of the top and skirt in motion, Katie's drug fuelled arousal began to peak again and right at that moment, and for the first time in her life, Katie experienced an orgasm brought on simply from the excitement and erotic tension that had been building in her body since the fitting session had started. The old man clapped his hands together in delight as he watched his creation move and then again in delight when he saw how Katie had reacted. The old man moved around the panting girl and gently smoothed out the material and made sure that for the moment the top and skirt were both in the right place.
The old man and Mr. Oldman had spoken and agreed that they should continue to push the boundaries of what they could achieve and that she should also be pushed further with a daily task or challenge. The old man had been left to ensure that her mood and clothing would provide the platform from which to work whilst Mr. Oldman had agreed to push the boundaries in the office and he planned on enlisting the help of Matt (he was fairly certain that he wouldn't need much persuading).
Satisfied that the outfit now fitted how he had wanted it to, the old man explained to Katie that for the entire day she was not allowed to cover herself in anyway and no matter how revealing they may become she was not allowed to adjust her clothes unless instructed to do so. He then added to his point by saying that when not seated her stance should be with her hands behind her back. Katie tried the stance and clasped her hands behind her back. With her hands clasped and resting in the small of her back, Katie was pushing her chest out and the already scandalous top was offering little cover as each nipple popped from the top and in to clear view.
The old man's delight was plain to see and again he gave a little clap in appreciation before pulling the top back in to place. After checking his watch, he decided that he would need to get Katie on her way to her office and for good measure he once again handed Katie a small bottle of water which was of course laced with more stimulant.
The office was only a short walk from the store but now it was 08:00 and the streets were beginning to fill with commuters. On leaving the store Katie was in two minds about walking the main streets in full view of everyone. With her job in mind she decided that she couldn't afford to be late by attracting too much attention and so she quickly turned to the side streets to try and stay out of view. The walk would take little longer but she felt it more comfortable about making it to the office in time. As she walked she sipped from the bottle of water and almost immediately started to feel an increased buzz in her head which soon found its way to her achingly erect nipples and pulsing clit. The sensations of the previous night and the blow job she had given to the old man came rushing back and she found herself feeling empty. Lost in her arousal she didn't see a group of work men stood waiting to enter building site. From out of nowhere Katie heard a loud whistle and cheering and snapping out of her haze she saw the group of men and her arousal kicked in to overdrive. As she approached them, their whistles and cheers fell silent as they stood in disbelief at the sight before them. Katie was in full flirt mode and her fingers began to tease the edge of her top and the strips of the skirt. At first the men remained frozen but as she moved closer they all began to gain some level of courage and began to pour out compliments whilst slowly starting to gather around her. It turned out that the men were waiting to be let in by their foreman and he was due to arrive in 10 minutes. Katie let out a sigh of disappointment, "only 10 minutes"!
With her mind still wrestling with her ever building arousal, and the need for it to be quenched, she asked them how would they feel if she were to do a little show for them. Without any hesitation they all agreed in unison and within a couple of seconds Katie had stripped and was stood naked on the sidewalk, her skirt in one hand and her top in the other. She immediately had countless pairs of hands roaming all over her body. For the next 10 minutes Katie was finger fucked by 6 men and had her tits and nipples sucked and mauled. All of them men had taken their cocks out and whilst mauling the gorgeous girl they were all wanking furiously. This hadn't gone unnoticed by Katie and she duly joined in by dropping to her knees and grabbing each cock that was presented to her. Whilst wanking two at a time she was also sucking on one or more. It didn't take long for the 6 men to blow their loads and although she managed to swallow some of it, a lot was sprayed on to her tits. All 6 men were just about to move in for round 2 when one of their phones rang. A groan rang around the group as it was announced that their boss had arrived and was waiting for them. With a last playful maul and grope of the gorgeous girl they all reluctantly stuffed their cocks away and headed off to work.
As she gathered herself she realised that she was stood naked in pubic and covered in cum once again. The activities of last few days had changed her. The Katie of old would have gone in a complete panic, but the Katie of today was very much embracing her new-found freedom and again without a care in the world she slowly and calmly pulled on her skirt back on. As she reached for her top, she realised that she couldn't put it back on due to the mass of cum still on her tits. So, with a very noticeable bounce in her step she continued on her way to the office, her top in one hand with the other scooping the cum from her tits and savouring the taste as she licked it from her fingers. It wasn't until she was almost at the office that she had finished cleaning her tits and savouring the cum. With a disappointed sigh she slowly pulled her top back on. Now 'fully' clothed she stopped briefly for a second and checked her reflection in nearby shop window to make sure that her outfit was in place. As she stood staring at her reflection she let out a small giggle as she realised that although she was now dressed for the office there was very little chance that her 'modesty' would remain intact for the entire day.
It was still early and although the office hadn't yet filled out there were still a few early arrivals who were greeted with the stunning sight of Katie walking through the lab area to her raised desk. A few of them were lucky enough to catch the view from behind and were able to gaze at her near naked ass as the thin strips of the skirt danced from side to side.
As aroused as she still was, she still had the presence of mind to focus as she had to make sure that she didn't mess things up and risk losing the job. As she reached her desk Katie gingerly climbed on to her stool. Today it was little easier as there were no pebbles resting at her pussy to cause more arousal. However, with her focus on trying to maintain some level of decorum, Katie hadn't noticed that the seat now had what appeared to be a round disk cut out from the centre. It didn't cause any discomfort and so it went unnoticed to Katie who was now perched on top of the high stool with her feet resting in the side hoops. With her legs spread at almost 180 degrees, her pussy was back on full display.
Reaching over to the keyboard to log in to her pc, she came acutely aware of her predicament. As she leaned forward her erect nipples began to push out from the top. With each movement she made toward the keyboard her top would slide further open and allow for just a little more of her tits to be exposed. Without any delay the excitement of her predicament began to build and her nipples responded instantly. Within just a few seconds they were like bullets and were close to popping out. As she began gently tapping away on the keyboard Mr. Oldham approached her desk. Having walked from the main office area he'd had the opportunity to get an unobscured view of Katie's parted legs and naked pussy and his heart was already racing. As he grew closer to the desk, he was greeted with a view of her heavenly chest. At that moment Katie looked up and saw him.
Wanting to ensure a smooth and error free day she jumped up from the stool to greet him. The result of her sudden movement caused her tits to bounce free of her top. Mr Oldham was almost lost in lust but he mentally gathered himself and on saying 'good morning he reached out and shook Katie's hand. The handshake was probably a second or two longer than it should have been but with the effect it had on making her tits jiggle there was no way Mr. Oldham was going to keep it brief. When he did finally relinquish and let her hand go Katie suddenly remembered the old man's instructions and without a moment's hesitation, she pulled her arms back so that she could cup them in the small of her back. Her naked tits were now being thrust forward even more than before and despite trying, Mr. Oldham simply stood and stared. After a second or two Katie's eyes followed his gaze and immediately understood her plight. She immediately reached up and covered her tits with her hands. As she did so the old man's words rang through her head "she was not allowed to cover herself in any way". As quickly as she had raised her hands, she dropped them to her sides and then once again clasped them behind her back.
Mr. Oldham nearly choked. He was about to tell her to cover herself but Katie began to blurt out that she didn't want to disappoint anyone or risk losing the job. Mr. Oldham let Katie continue with her ramblings before calming her and giving a few reassuring comments.
Before Katie had another meltdown Mr. Oldham outlined her duties for the day. She would need to spend a few hours at the desk reviewing some of the technical work the lab had done and she would then need to complete and online assessment via her desk pc. He went on to explain that there was a dossier in her desk drawer that she could use to help her work through the assessment. Keen to demonstrate her enthusiasm Katie immediately turned to the desk and bent to open the drawer and retrieve the dossier. This time Mr. Oldham did choke as he was presented with a view of her naked ass and both of her cute pink holes as the skirt strips slid to the sides.
Stunned by the view it took him a few seconds to gain his senses and tune in to the fact that Katie was speaking again, babbling about how keen she was and how she would work hard on the study. She was apparently oblivious to the show she had just given. Mr. Oldham politely interrupted and explained that as well as the study and assessment work she would also need to take a tour of the labs and to schedule times to work with each of the senior technicians in order to better understand the projects that they were working on. After he finished explaining he let Katie know that she could find a list of the people she'd need to meet within the dossier and that he would leave it to her to arrange the meetings. With his final comments made he also suggested to Katie that she should perhaps adjust her top and with one last prolonged gaze to drink in the sight before him, he excused himself and made his way back toward the main office.
Katie was both elated and disappointed. Once again, she felt that she had messed up, but gained some level of reassurance with the fact that Mr. Oldham seemed to be impressed with her enthusiasm! She walked back behind her desk and climbed back on to her stool. The timing, for those who had recently arrived in the office was perfect, as they witnessed her open her legs again as she slotted her feet back in to the foot rests. Her pussy was back on full display to the entire office and her tits were once again at risk of popping out.
For the next hour she started to read through the dossier. By 10:30 she needed a break and so she began to ring the names on the list. By 11:00 her diary was completely full for the next week, everyone had been very accommodating!
At around 11:30 Matt decided to pay Katie a visit. He had intended to first speak to her briefly at her desk but when he saw her attire, he invited her for a drink in one of the break-out lounges away from the main lab.
Katie was a little reluctant to begin with but Matt didn't really give her much of an opportunity to say no and it took just a few moments for her to accept and to skip down off the stool. As before, the sudden movement meant that her tits once again bounced free of her top. Both erect nipples were now on display, in fact there was little that remained covered. Without missing a beat Katie apologised to Matt and explained the rules she had been given with her clothing whilst at the same time clasping her hands behind her back. A little stunned, Matt half choked out a reply of it being OK and placing his arm around her waist he led her to the break out area (whilst giving a quick and covert nod toward Mr. Oldham's office). As they walked toward the lounge area Matt lost no time in letting his hand roam around Katie's ass. Within just a few moments he had fingers buried between her ass cheeks. Katie was in heaven. Her arousal was peaking again as Matt's fingers worked their way toward her hot slit.
When they reached one of the lounges, Matt gestured to a large couch in a side booth for them to sit at and went to fetch two coffees. When he returned Katie was sat with her legs crossed, but her tits were still on display. At first he was a little disappointed that Katie had chosen to cross her legs but he figured it was something he could work around.
After a couple of minutes of idle chat Katie was becoming a little fidgety. Her arousal was peaking again and she need to find some relief and so when Matt's hand fell on her lap, she found herself uncrossing her legs. It took only a few smooth strokes of her upper thigh before Matt had his hand caressing her pussy. Katie was revelling in his touch and her head had rocked back and her eyes had closed. Once again, she was lost in her arousal, so much so that at first she didn't realise that Matt had undone the buttons on her top and was easing it off her frame.
Her mind was racing so much that she didn't try and stop him and so with one of his hands caressing her pussy she let him continue to remove her top. Within seconds it was off and Matt was working on her skirt. Katie didn't resist and moments later, apart from the pair of tall black stilettoes, she was completely naked. With her clothes removed Matt delved further and began to fuck her pussy with two then three fingers. Katie's body was almost convulsing as he continued to drive his fingers deeper.
For a brief moment he stopped and then Katie felt his hand back at her pussy. Expecting the invasion of his fingers she was shocked when she felt something much bigger. She opened her eyes and watched as Matt insert a silver metal dildo in to her pussy. It must have 2 inches wide and 9 inches long. He began to pump it in and out and then he surprised Katie by pulling her hands to the dildo and asking her to continue with it on her own. To her own slight surprise, she didn't hesitate for a second and began to fuck herself.
For a second or two Matt watched, completely enthralled. Then, as he had the day before, he set to work on Katie's clothes. The old man and Mr. Oldham had given Matt some guidance around what to do. The old man had originally planned to make the clothing more extreme, but having seen how Katie had reacted to losing her clothes the previous day, he decided that having it tailored by a 'stranger' whilst in the office would be more extreme and would create more arousal in Katie.
Whilst Katie continued to fuck herself with the metal dildo, Matt picked up her top and expertly using a small pair of scissors he cut away the top of the two buttons. The old man had stitched the front in such a way that Matt was able to quickly unpick it in order to widen the area of cleavage that would be exposed. With his work done he held up the top and admired it.
With work on the top now complete he tackled the skirt. There wasn't much to work with but he had been told that fewer strips would be the way to go. With 18 strips to start with he quickly removed the two outer strips on each side at both the front and back, whilst all the while feasting his eyes on Katie as she sat on the couch, legs spread fucking herself to another orgasm. As he was about to turn his attention back to Katie he decided on one last touch and carefully trimmed a few cm's off the length of the remaining strips.
With his work done on the clothes Matt turned back to Katie. He hadn't been told he could 'sample' her yet, but he also hadn't been told that he couldn't. Quick as a flash he undid his jeans and pushed his cock in to Katie's mouth. Without hesitation she began to wank and suck him off whilst continuing with her own fucking. After a couple of minutes Matt was getting very close to coming an so he reached down and started to play with Katie's clit. This was the last straw for Katie and an orgasm ripped through her body at the same time that Matt let go his load in to her mouth and she gladly swallowed every drop of cum that Matt could muster.
Matt quickly tucked his cock away and leant in to whisper to Katie. He told her that she needed to be outside the front of the lab in 5 minutes as he was taking her for lunch. Before she could argue he kissed her passionately whilst withdrawing the dildo from her pussy, making sure to give her clit a rub for good measure. Katie slumped back on to the sofa for a few minutes still shaking from her own orgasm. When she opened her eyes Matt as nowhere to be seen.
With her arousal temporarily quenched she was suddenly acutely aware of the fact that she was naked in the office. She was relieved to see that Matt had left her with her clothes and so she picked them up and began to dress. She put the top on first and immediately found that there was now only one button. Matt's handiwork had worked perfectly. Once the top was fastened Katie's large tits were spilling out. With gap in the centre now much wider Katie was showing at least half of each tit and the edge of each nipple.
Next, she put on the skirt and again found that it too had been freshly tailored. With the outer strips on each side removed around a quarter of the 'skirt' was now missing. The back off the skirt offered little cover with only the centre of her ass covered by 5 strips leaving half of her ass fully exposed. In front she had gotten a little lucky, or so she thought. The 5 remaining strips hung down in front of her clit and pussy. However, as she examined them further she could see that had been made shorter and that the bottom of her pussy would be exposed when she began to walk.
Resigned to her fate she took a deep breath and turned to walk outside. The walk to the front door only took a few seconds, but in that time she found herself becoming more aroused and relishing the after taste of Matt's cum. She also found that she wasn't at all phased about her state of undress the same way she had been the previous day and her arousal was once again growing simply from the thrill of the moment.
Thankfully for Katie it was still a little early for lunch and so as she exited the building the only person outside was Matt who was sat waiting in his car. As she walked over to him Matt could not believe his luck, nor could he believe that she would be brave enough to venture outdoors dressed in as little as she was now wearing. Katie's walk had a very detectable bounce and the skirts strips in front were dancing widely and exposing her pussy and ass to anyone who might be looking. The bounce in her step also had a major effect on her tits. With just the one button holding they were bouncing widely and it didn't take too long before both nipples made an appearance.
Once seated in the car Matt quickly pulled away and drove quickly to a rather dubious area of the town. At this point Katie was becoming a little concerned but he assured her that Mr. Oldham had given him the instructions. They soon pulled up outside an adult store. Without a word Matt quickly jumped out of the car and guided Katie from the car and in to the store. It took Katie a couple seconds to adjust her eyes to the dim light in the store but once she had she found herself gazing at walls stacked with porn DVD's, fetish clothes, and a whole load of various toys.
Apart from the owner who was stood behind the counter, there were only two other men in the store. Matt guided Katie to the counter and introduced myself and Katie. Once formalities were out of the way the store owner led them through to the back of the store and into a small side room. The room was nothing like the main store, to Katie it almost looked like a doctor's surgery. At this stage Katie was beginning to get extremely anxious so Matt pulled her to one side and told her that this had been requested by Mr. Oldham and if she knew what was good for her, and for her job, she would do as asked.
Katie nodded and was led over to a large reclining chair not unlike a dentist's chair. Within a few moments Katie had been laid back in the chair and her top had been removed. Before she could ask them what they were doing the store owner put her hands into restraints on the arms of the chair and pulled them tight. With Katie immobilised the store owner fetched a small trolley and positioned it by side of the chair. Katie could see that the trolley was loaded with what looked like surgical instruments and she immediately realised what they were for and why she was cuffed to the chair. Matt had been silent whilst the store owner had gone through the set up but he now explained to Katie that she was going to be given some body jewellery not unlike those she had worn the previous day but that this time they would be a little more permanent.
The whole situation had become overwhelming for Katie and she began to struggle against her wrist restraints. Before she had any chance to escape the chair Matt put a hand on her generous chest and pushed her back in to the chair. The store owner then swabbed a small area on one of her arms and then using a small syringe, he quickly injected Katie with a mild relaxant. Within just a few seconds Katie's body became limp and she settled back in the chair.
With Katie now resting peacefully the store owner adjusted the chair so that she was sat upright. With Katie's large tits now jutting out from her frame, the store owner swabbed each nipple and then using a pen he quickly went about marking each nipple with small lines which he checked and rechecked to ensure his marks were level and in the correct place. With the preparation done both he and Matt looked through a selection of bars and hoops. After brief conversation they settled on a pair of silver bars with matching balls on each end. By this stage Katie was completely relaxed and giggling slightly from the attention her tits had just received.
With small metal tool the store owner clamped each nipple so that Katie's already erect nipples were pushed further out. Then, in a very well-practiced manner he swabbed a large silver needle and pushed it through Katie's left nipple. Katie hardly noticed what had been done and didn't even feel the silver bar being pushed through. With the first nipple done he quickly repeated the same to the other. With both bars in place he then screwed on each of the silver balls, adding a little glue to ensure that they couldn't be removed too easily.
With the piercings done the store owner finished by swabbing each of Katie's newly decorated nipples before turning back to his equipment trolley and picking up a small syringe gun and a small thin capsule that Matt had been given by Mr. Oldham. The small capsule had originally been designed by the lab for use in the medical industry as a way of delivering small quantities of drugs for patient's treatments. However, this time the capsule had been filled with a potent drug used to increase a person's libido. Mr. Oldham's plan was to ensure that Katie's arousal was kept high without the need for her to be massaged or to consume the aphrodisiacs she had been given over the past few days. The old man had agreed to the new way of delivering the drugs when he had been told, but had insisted that he be allowed to continue with the oil massages that he had been giving Katie (why not).
With the same professional manner that he had previously shown with the piercings, the store owner removed the wrist restraints, loaded the gun with the capsule and under directions from Matt he injected the capsule in to the back of Katie's left arm. In such a discreet place it would be virtually undetectable.
After a few minutes the capsule began to work and with the first dose of the drugs being released directly in to her blood stream Katie began to wake from her induced slumber. As she began to regain her senses, she immediately felt a growing arousal emanating from her nipples. As she reached down to caress each nipple, shockwaves of pleasure rushed through her body as she made contact with her new piercings. For a few moments she was lost in her arousal until without warning an orgasm burst from her body. Both the store owner and Matt stood staring in disbelief as Katie's body shook uncontrollably. After the pleasure of her orgasm subsided Katie lifted herself from the chair and on unsteady legs walked over to the two dumbstruck men. Within seconds she was on her knees and had a rock-hard cock in each hand. Her lust had taken over and for the next few minutes she moved each cock between her mouth and hands until both men began to groan. As their cocks began to twitch Katie instinctively grabbed them just as each released jets of cum in to her open mouth and on to her face and chest. What she didn't manage to swallow was soon scooped up and hungrily swallowed.
As he tucked his cock away, Matt couldn't help but think that the dosage from the capsule was perhaps a little too high. Mr. Oldham had informed him that the few initial doses would provoke a pretty extreme reaction, but that as Katie grew more used to them it would calm a little. Matt also couldn't help but think that it may need to calm quite lot more than just a little.
Once both men had tucked their cocks away and Katie had finished devouring their cum, they inspected her nipple piercings. As both gently cupped her breasts and massaged her nipples Katie's legs were beginning to tremble as her arousal immediately began to peak once again. Matt could see the affect that their attention was causing Katie and so pulled both his and the store owner's hands away leaving Katie gasping for more.
Although freshly pierced, Katie wasn't feeling any discomfort, only a burning desire emanating from her now bullet like nipples which were a good cm longer than before and were fully engorged. Matt helped her back to her feet and carefully re-dressed her in her top. The top had previously offered little cover, but now with her nipples more erect, the material was leaving very little to the imagination as her nipples were already exposed.
On thanking the store owner Matt and Katie made their way back to the car and to the lab. Katie was still consumed by her own arousal and had been oblivious to the conversation that Matt had had with the store owner. There had been no charge for the piercings, only a promise to visit again! Once back in the car Katie was trying to work out what had just happened, why she had let it happen so easily and why her mind was so consumed with a raging arousal and how to satisfy it.
Although only a short drive, it was all Matt could do to keep his eyes on the road as Katie wanked him off as he drove whilst furiously fingering her pussy and sucking her aching nipples. On arrival at the lab Katie had cum twice more but still couldn't dowse the fire that was burning throughout her body.
Matt pulled the car to the main entrance and told Katie that she should probably dress herself and get back to her desk and get on with her work. Standing beside the car Katie took a moment to adjust her clothes, not that it did much good, as she was showing acres of flesh. As she walked through the lab there were audible groans from the many technicians. Each was transfixed on her barely covered ass, her pussy that was being exposed with each step, her exposed nipples and her giant tits which were threatening to bounce entirely clear of her top. Her arousal was at an all-time high. All she could think about was gaining some release. When she reached her desk her eyes nearly popped out of her head. She was initially confused by what she found, but almost immediately her confusion changed to excitement...
Katie's mouth had dropped open in disbelief and her mind was in a complete spin. The stool at her desk had been further altered. Jutting proudly out of hole in the centre were two long rubber dildos. Without thought or hesitation Katie placed her hands on them and stroked each along their full lengths. The larger of the two dildos was in front and she guessed that it must have been 9-10 inches long and over two inches wide. The second was set just behind the first and was a little smaller, although not by much. She glanced around the office and could see that all eyes were now fixed on her and what she was faced with. As she continued to glance around, she also noticed that there was a note on her desk, it read:
Katie
Although I have been impressed with your enthusiasm for the job, I have to say that I have been a little disappointed with some of your recent actions. It has come to my attention that last night you were engaged in a number of activities that could be considered unprofessional. You have also been late to work both days as well as being away from your desk for extended periods of time.
I don't need to remind you that I could find a hundred interns who would give anything for your job. That said, I believe that you can and will prove yourself. So, for the rest of the afternoon you will sit on the stool at your desk whilst you continue to read the rest of the assignment dossier.
If you complete the dossier by the end of the day we can move on and focus on you, your job and your development. However, if you do not complete the dossier by the end of the day I will be forced to review the situation.
Yours sincerely.
Mr. Oldham
Lab CEO
Katie's mind was in a spin. She had thought that Mr. Oldham was happy with her and so she was reeling with shock. She wanted to run straight to his office and beg for her job, but in a split second she realised that if she were to do that she would fail, and in all likelihood, lose her job. She looked around the office again. All eyes were on her, including those of Mr. Oldham. At that point Katie's lust took over and fuelled with arousal and aphrodisiacs, she climbed slowly on to the stool and positioned herself above the larger dildo. Her earlier antics with Matt had left her cunt moist and slick and so without any great effort the tip of the dildo slipped in to her pussy. At that point, Katie reached behind and grabbed the second dildo. With it positioned at her ass hole she slowly lowered herself further. She had an inch of the larger dildo embedded in her cunt the second dildo was pushing its way in to her asshole. After a slight pause she steadied herself and slowly slipped down and onto the full length of each. As her ass came to rest on the seat she let out a loud gasp as she felt to entire length of both dildos embedded in her cunt and ass. Once she was a little more comfortable with the dildos, she rose slightly and lifted her feet and hooked them in to the hoops on the stool before dropping back down and taking each full length once again.
The entire lab was now staring dumbly at the gorgeous girl now fully impaled on two large dildos. With her legs spread they had watched their full lengths disappear in to her glistening cunt and ass and then slip out and back in as she adjusted her feet and placed them in to hoops.
After a few moments of gathering her senses she turned to her assignment dossier and began to continue her task. For the next 30 minutes she remained completely focused on her task. However soon after that the first of the what was to be many visitors came over from the lab to chat with her at the desk. She knew Mr. Oldham would be monitoring her and so Katie was determined to be the ultimate professional. For the next hour Katie had 20 visitors and the visits all followed the same routine. Each introduced themselves politely and offered idle chit chat for a minute of two before moving closer to the impaled girl, and taking advantage of the situation, they all helped themselves to her body. After the hour Katie's tits had been sucked by 20 people, her clit and pussy had been rubbed by each of them. Her hands had been busy throughout and she had jerked off every visitor to her desk and each visitor had either shot their load on her tits and body or cum in her mouth and watched her swallow their load all whilst she had been sat on the two dildos and climaxing continually.
Unbeknown to Katie, Mr. Oldham had held a team meeting whilst she had been with Matt earlier in the day. Each person was to feel free to 'play' with the girl's body. They could touch, lick, kiss, cum etc. but after one hour they were to all get back to their work. With the hour over Katie began to notice a lull. She had tried tremendously to concentrate on the dossier during the many visits she received, but each time she'd tried she found herself fighting arousal and an inevitable orgasm. Now, in what seemed like a 'break' she tried once again to focus.
After only few seconds her desk phone rang, it was Mr. Oldham. Katie quickly picked up the phone but before she could say anything Mr. Oldham announced in a curt tone that he had observed her activities for the past hour and that he did not feel that she perhaps understood the note he had left her. Mr. Oldham went on to explain that for the rest of the afternoon (2 hours) her task would need to be made that much more difficult given her apparent lack of focus for the past hour. With that he offered a brief word of encouragement and then hung up.
Katie was frozen, her chest and face were covered in cum and she was still impaled on the stool. It was only when Matt appeared that she snapped back in to the moment. Matt simply said that Mr. Oldham had asked him to make her task a little more challenging and then without another word her bent down and attached two metal straps to Katie's ankles which he then clipped to the metal hoops on the stool. Katie was now locked firmly in place on the stool and on the two dildos. Without any further word of explanation Matt simply turned and left leaving Katie speechless.
A few minutes past before she regained some level of composure and slowly began to focus once again on the dossier. From the privacy of his office Mr. Oldham had been watching Katie through the office windows but more so via the many screens on his desk that were feeding him a live stream from numerous cameras in the lab that had been focused in on the girl. Once he saw that she was once again trying to focus once on her work he picked up a remote from the desk and turned it on. He had been delighted with what the boys in the lab had done with the stool and was eager to try it out on Katie.
At first Katie didn't notice any change, but slowly she began to feel a vibration coming from the stool. Then, after a few seconds the lab watched as she suddenly grabbed hold of the desk and let out a loud gasp. Beneath Katie the large dildos had suddenly began to retract and pull themselves out of her slick pussy and ass. The sensations felt incredible and Katie's reaction announced to the all those in the lab that their boss was now using the controls.
Just as Katie thought the dildos were pulling out completely, with a very smooth motion they started to push back in again to the same previous depth. The centre of the stool had been fitted with a hollow tube in which there were two very slick pneumatic pumps which allowed the attached dildos to rise and fall to a desired depth. Mr. Oldham had the dildos rising and falling on one of the lower settings but he could already see the effect it was having on Katie.
He watched almost in awe as for the next few minutes Katie rode the two large dildos. With her feet shackled to the hoops on the stool there was no way she could lift herself off either and remained pinned in place as each continued to rise and fall. After another minute Mr. Oldham turned the remote up another level. The speed of the pumps increased as did the speed the dildos as they continued to rise and fall. Katie was audibly groaning and it was obvious that she was close to cumming again. At this point Mr. Oldham changed another setting on the control. This time the setting wasn't the speed but the length. When Katie had seen to two dildos she had only seen the length of each above the top of the seat. Below the seat there was more to come! On the next occasion the dildos rose back up Mr. Oldham had set the remote so that they pushed up a further inch. Katie's face was a picture of astonishment as she felt each dildo go further than they previously had. Both were now much deeper and this wasn't lost on Katie as her next orgasm hit.
Mr. Oldham watched in delight. Her body tensed and then dropped forward slightly toward the desk. It was at this point that Mr. Oldham's smile grew even larger. The motion of dropping forward caused Katie's newly tailored top to give up the fight and her large cum covered tits were completely set free as the single button let go. The next thing that happened had Mr. Oldham audibly gasp. As Katie lifted her body back up she grabbed her tits and pulled each pierced nipple before beginning to suck and lick each and to devour the cum dripping from them.
In a moment of astonishment he collapsed back in his chair and unwittingly pressed down on the remote control which sped up further and caused the dildos to rise another extra inch. Katie was now taking 10 inches of dildo in to her pussy and another 9 inches in to her ass, and both were going at an increased speed. The further increase in length and speed pushed Katie on again and she began to suck and lick furiously at each tit whilst pulling heavily on her nipples. Mr. Oldham sat gazing at the screens on his desk. His hands had already pulled his dick from his pants and he was wanking furiously as he watched the young girl as she rode the two dildos. The cameras he'd had set up around the office and Katie's desk provided clear and unrestrictive views and Mr. Oldham's astonishment continued as he watched the girl embrace her situation and forcibly begin to grind down on to the seat in an attempt to push her two assailants even deeper.
As Katie's experienced another shattering orgasm Mr. Oldham regained his composure and reached for the remote control once again. There was still more to come from the length and speed settings but he wanted to try one more thing before backing it off a little. There were a number of other controls and settings but the one he wanted to try was a setting he'd specifically asked for (demanded). He pushing the control pad and watched as a second later Katie's mouth dropped open and she let out a series of louder groans. Not only were the pneumatic pumps beneath he pussy and ass hole controlling the speed and length of the dildos, they were now increasing the width/of each. Katie could only sit with her hands clamped on the desk as both dildos were inflated. There would be time to try all the settings at a later time but Mr. Oldham was keen to try this one. The larger of the two dildos was working its 10 inches in and out of her pussy at pace but rather than 2 inches wide it was now a full inch wider down its entire length. The same had happened to the dildo which was hammering away in her ass. Although a little shorter in length it also now had the same girth as its larger partner. For the next five minutes Mr. Oldham watched as Katie continued to ride the dildos and maul her own tits. After another series of orgasms from Katie, Mr. Oldham dialled back the control so that the stool reverted to its original settings and continued to pump away.
Having cleaned himself up, Mr. Oldham left his office and walked over to Katie's desk. Katie's head had rocked back when the controls had been dialled down and her eyes were closed as she continued to be pleasure by the hi-tech stool. Mr. Oldham stood for a few minutes absorbing the sight in front of him. Both of Katie's huge tits were on display and were glistening with cum juices and her pierced nipples were standing fully erect and were engorged after the attention they had received. After countless orgasms the stool was slick with Katie's juices and he could clearly see her clit was swollen and as Katie continued to flick and tease it. He stood in front of the desk for a couple of minutes before he clearing his throat so that she knew he was there.
Katie slowly opened her eyes and stared bewilderedly at her boss. Before he began his series of plans and events he had thought it would take longer to reach this point with Katie, but he could now see that she had already reached the point of submission. Whether it was her misguided desire to keep the job or the drugs and sexual situations that had been engineered, she was now certainly where he had wanted her to be.
Mr. Oldham pulled up a spare seat and sat next to the near naked Katie. He spoke softly to her whilst gently stroking her thighs and hair. When he was done he leaned in and gently kissed her on the lips. Katie was left almost whimpering as she felt another climax hit as her two intruders continued to pump away beneath her. Mr. Oldham's timing had been exquisite. His tender words, touch and kiss coincided with Katie's orgasm which her mind automatically associated with him and not the machine beneath her. She was now lost, completely submissive and completely at his command.
For the remainder of the day Katie endured a continued assault from the dildos. After countless orgasms she was exhausted as well as a little delirious, so much so that she didn't really notice her ankle straps being removed and being carried from the lab to a waiting car.
The next morning Katie awoke. She recognised the couch and room as being the back room of the old man's shop but it took a few more minutes before she could recall the events of the previous day. Her body convulsed as the memories came flooding back and her hand drifted to her pussy. Mr. Oldham's words came flooding back. She was now 'His' intern and she would serve him and the company as directed. Katie felt a warm glow and her pussy twitched in anticipation of what was to come.