When Kylie came up to me at the bar, I was shocked. Baffled. Startled. Flat out breathless really. I never had a hard time with women, but I'd always made the first move.
"Do you look like this all the time or is tonight something special?" she asked me.
"I'm sorry, what?" was all I could manage in response. It was Halloween and I had pulled my thick woolly big foot costume down to my waist. I was on the football team at my small school in southish-centralish California, but it didn't really mean anything except I was in decent shape. Well sorta in shape. I was a punter. Tall and lean at 6'3 205. So take it for what you will. Long story short I spent about 10 hours a week in the gym doing something or another.
She was looking at my arms and holding a drink in one hand and her phone in the other. The gym hours must have been paying off. Likewise, I couldn't stop myself from checking her out. She had cropped blonde hair and dark blue eyes that struck me dumb the way they sparkled against her olive skin. She was slender from top to bottom and had the softest pink lips I'd ever seen. Though her most striking feature was definitely her thick dark eyebrows that gave her a distinct sex appeal.
Her costume was simple in concept, but had my blood pumping from first glance. She was a witch in a short black dress with long sleeves, lace stockings, and a black pointy hat.
I had a really genius response that I'm surprised didn't just end the relationship right there, "Well. I suppose I'm usually a little less hairy."
But fortunately for me she giggled and handed me her phone.
"Put your number in."
I typed my digits into her phone and handed it back. She tapped it a few times and I felt my own phone vibrate in my pocket. I had just scored the number of the sexiest woman I'd seen all night. I rubbed my chin, mostly to prevent my jaw from dropping to the floor. She stood up next to me on her tiptoes and whispered in my ear.
"I like hairy. But I love hairless."
I thought my eyes were going to pop out of my head.
"I uhh... I mean I also -" I stammered.
She laughed, grabbed my hand, and led me to the dancefloor. It was crowded, as most frat parties were on campus, and she pressed her ass up against me hard. This led to the second time that being on the football team came into my favor. All the pregame dances and trap shit that we listened to before games to get hyped guaranteed that I actually knew how to dance or at least how to look good doing whatever it was I was doing.
After a while of showing that I wasn't the typical lost white boy at a party, she turned and started grinding her crotch against mine. It felt like heaven.
"Here, finish this. It's in the way," she said and handed me her drink. It was still pretty full and after I tasted it, I realized it was just water so I slammed it and threw the cup to the floor. We had a small crowd around us semi-watching us/semi-copying us and I think Kylie was thriving on it. I felt a little delirious... and very horny.
I thought the night was going really well, and I have to admit I was already envisioning how I was gonna seal the deal when a girl in a matching costume, but with long dark hair, came out of nowhere and took her by the arm.
"Wait, what?" I got out before we were separated.
"Sorry! It's time for us to go! You know how it is," the dark haired girl said as she dragged my prize away. I spent the next thirty minutes wondering if my night was over, but continuing to dance and have fun. I felt like that last hour had just validated my entire life. A couple of other girls agreed to dance with me, but I couldn't get my mind off of my witch.
It was 1:42 when I checked my phone and read the text from the newest number in my phone. It read, Donahue Hall 121".
Normally, I wouldn't fall for such an obvious thirst trap. I promise. But tonight I couldn't say no for some reason. And that text meant there was still hope for me yet.
I went by my room and threw on some gray sweatpants (a lady's favorite) and a t-shirt. When I got to her dorm the door was slightly open. I could hear Kylie and the other girl talking inside, but couldn't tell what. I knocked and they were quiet for a split second before Kylie told me to come inside.
"Uh, hey." I stood awkwardly near the sectional couch that Kylie was laying on. She was still in her costume and smiling up at me. The dress was hiked up by her position on the couch and I could see the bottom of her white Calvin Klein thong.
The other girl had changed into flannel pajama bottoms and an oversized t-shirt. Her face was buried in her phone and I think she was determined not to acknowledge my existence. There was a Sonos speaker in the corner playing what I would personally describe as bedroom pop.
"Come, sit," Kylie patted the cushion next to her. I sat down next to her and she kicked her feet up into my lap. Her legs were long and smooth. I think she had actually reapplied lotion or something because they felt incredibly soft against my skin.
"That's Monica. She's technically my twin," Kylie said.
"Oh, wow. Nice to meet you Monica. I'm Adam," I said.
"Great," Monica didn't bother to make eye contact and just scrolled on her phone. Kylie and I chatted about random shit for a couple minutes while Monica pouted in the corner. With no warning, Kylie sat up and leaned into my ear.
"Ok, I think the Molly is kicking in," she said.
"I'm sorry, what?" I said, but I knew exactly what she said and I had a feeling I knew exactly what had happened. I had heard of it before, some sororities will spike random drinks at the pregame and then send everyone out to the party. And while I'm not really a partier, I knew Molly dissolved perfectly into water. It would also explain why I'd felt like I could dance all night and my general err... sensitivity to Kylie's body.
"I gave her one of the cups from the pregame when we got back," she giggled. I looked over at the coffee table and sure enough there was a now empty solo cup in close proximity to Monica.
"Are you-" I started but The Weeknd came over the speaker and Kylie jumped up and turned the volume way up.
"Oh my god, this is one of my favorite songs," she began to pick up where she left off at the party, though instead of dancing in front of me she made her way over to Monica and started aggressively dancing in her face.
"Ugh, stop," Monica tried to brush her away and keep playing on her phone. She tried her best to be grumpy, but eventually Kylie won out and Monica danced ever so slightly.
"Do the hip pop!" Kylie begged Monica.
"No way. I'm tired," Monica put her phone away finally, but refused to budge from the couch.
"Pleeeeaase. I'll rub your back . I promise," Kylie held out a pinky to Monica. I didn't know it at the time but Kylie was enroute to becoming a PTA and eventually PT so her back and shoulder rubs are truly something to experience.
"Ok, ok, fine. Just once," Monica stood up and Kylie squealed with laughter before crashing back down on the couch next to me. Monica had a begrudging look on her face as she pulled her long t-shirt up over her waist and tied it in a knot just between her breasts which I now realized were actually much larger than Kylie's. That being said, what really took my breath was the soft porcelain skin of her flat stomach. Her hips were outlined sharply against the curves of her body.
"Adam's a perv," she said. Shit. I had made it too obvious. Kylie just laughed. As the music changed to something I can't possibly remember, Monica began to pop her hips side to side like a belly dancer. I thought she was done when she stopped, she had said just once after all, but then she rolled the tops of her pajama bottoms down a few times exposing even more of her body. I could make out the bridge of her mons against her panties before she rolled them down as well.
As she danced her pants slid even further down without her knowledge and I could just ever so slightly make out the top of a dark landing strip with perfectly shaved corners. She kept wiggling and Kylie kept cheering at just the right parts to egg Monica on. As she bounced from side to side I had a hard time tracking between her breasts and hips. They were both incredible. I put my hand over my lap to hide the bulge growing between my legs.
When the song ended Monica flopped back into the couch and Kylie and I gave her a round of applause.
"Well done," I said.
"Wow, what a compliment. How about a, 'thanks for blessing my existence with the better half of the twinship,'" she said, "Now about that massage."
"Yes, your majesty," Kylie stood up and adjusted her dress as she walked over to the couch behind Monica. She slumped into the couch as Kylie began to rub and knead her shoulders. Monica asked me questions about myself as Kylie rubbed between her shoulder blades. Most weren't really questions, but insults in the form of questions like why did I pick to be a punter? Was it because I was afraid of getting hit? To which the answer is mostly 'yeah, basically'.
Kylie stopped for a second, "Let's readjust here. Monica take off your bra so I can get all the way over your shoulders."
Without missing a beat Monica peeled her bra off from under her shirt and dropped it on the coffee table. Her shirt was too loose for me to really be able to tell a huge difference but I certainly appreciated the motion from a muscle memory perspective. I could almost feel myself doing it to her. How her tits would feel heavy in my hands as I cupped them and pressed my mouth against hers. Kylie was pressing hard into Monica's shoulders and now and her tight dress seemed to be bothering her.
"Hang on, Adam can you unzip my dress? I need to take the sleeves off. I'm afraid they're going to rip if I keep moving around," Kylie said. Monica was in too deep to protest and I wasn't going to miss a chance to disrobe a pretty girl.
I unzipped the back of her dress at the top and peeled the top down over her shoulders to her waist. She was wearing a sticky bra and I let the cups stay. On her ribs she had a small text tattoo that I couldn't read, but fit perfectly on her body.
"Thanks," Kylie said and went back to rubbing Monica. I looked down over her shoulders and admired her smooth breasts and petite frame. I was about to make my way back to the couch when one of her sticky bra cups fell. I instinctively reached out and caught it before it managed to fall too far, which of course resulted in my cupping Kylie's tit hard against her chest.
"Ooo la la," Kylie laughed. Monica glanced up, and I figured she'd bolt, but instead she just rolled her eyes. She wasn't going to give up a good back rub just because her sister's tits were out. I don't know how it happened but the next thing I knew I was cupping Kylie's other breast and our lips were pressed together in a deep kiss unlike anything I'd ever felt before. It was those soft lips. Incredible.
I pushed my body up against hers which resulted in Kylie pushing her crotch against the back of Monica's head.
"Are you serious, guys? I'm right here," Monica complained, but didn't move. After a couple minutes of heaven my pants were feeling tighter than ever. Kylie slid her hips to the side unexpectedly and my bulge slammed into the back of Monica's head.
"Ouch, watch it. That thing is hard," she said and reached back and pushed it to the side. It was now pressed against the side of her neck. Basically her head was sandwiched between Kylie's crotch and mine own and I swear Kylie was grinding her pussy on Monica's shoulder. Another 30 seconds passed.
"That looks painful. Here," Monica pulled hard on the waistband of my sweatpants and my cock sprung forth. She recoiled slightly as my precum splattered across her neck.
"I knew it! Totally hairless. Yessss," Kylie moaned and bit her lip. I'm not a hairy guy for whatever reason, but I did completely trim what little hair I had as I found it made my dick look even bigger.
Monica turned around and Kylie's hands left her shoulders. She stared directly at my cock for a moment before sighing and leaving for her room. She departed saying, "see you in the morning I guess. Try to keep it down, please."
I pulled Kyie's dress down to the ground and she stood there in just the tiniest string thong I'd ever seen. Her slim body and petite waist looked magical.
"Lean over," I told her and she did. Her arms were braced on the couch and hips extended out towards me. I pulled her thong down her legs and she kicked it off with a flick of her ankle. It flew over into the kitchen, but we didn't stop. I pressed the head of my cock up against her slit and eased inside. It was the wettest thing I'd ever felt. She was tight and it took a few slow warmup thrusts before we were moving smoothly. She hung her head down between her arms and let out one slow moan after another as I pushed my hips into her as deep as I could. Long. Deep. Slow thrusts. I wasn't going to last long. Especially not after she put one of her hands between her legs and grabbed my both of my balls with one hand. I was on the very edge when Monica popped out of her bedroom. She was completely topless and in a pair of sleeping shorts that fit her thick ass perfectly. I was right about her heavy tits as they bounced with each step. Her nipples were a dark pink that complimented her skin.
"Don't want you cumming on my bra," she said picking it up from the table and dipping back into her room.
"Fuck," I said and pulled out just in the nick of time. I coated her back in three or four long ropes of cum as I rubbed my glistening cock with one fist. I wasted no time in flipping her around and dropping to my knees. I always make sure to return the favor. Everyone deserves some fun. I pushed my mouth against her sopping wet pussy and felt her smooth mound press against my nose. She waxed regularly I later found out. Her stomach was flat and muscular and I worked one hand up against it while I grabbed her lower back with my other. I felt my own cum on her back and it was still sticky and hot. I rubbed it over my fingers and slowly traced it down to her ass where I started playing with her. The cum made it smooth and wet and my finger easily slid inside.
Kylie gave no objections as I expected. She was down for anything. Anywhere. Anytime. I learned that one right away. It must have been exactly what she was looking for as she went stiff and her feet popped up on tiptoes.
"Oh, oh, oh," was all she managed as she started one, two, three quick pulses of her body.
We cleaned up and I downed another full glass of water as I was obviously concerned about the combination of drugs/alcohol coursing through my body. Kylie's bed felt like a cloud and I wrapped her in my arms as we both fell asleep instantly.
It was around 4:30 am when I woke up with an urgent need to pee, an erection, and the very distinct feeling that I was still a little drunk and a little high. I personally hate it when someone wakes me up at night so I was careful to be as quiet as possible as I climbed out of bed and went in search of the bathroom. As I entered the hallway I noticed a figure moving through the kitchen. It was Monica. I figured she was probably drinking a glass of water or something because her hand was up by her face. However, as I moved closer I realized it wasn't a glass at all, but Kylie's panties from earlier. She was holding them against her mouth and rubbing vigorously between her legs. I cleared my throat to let her know I was there and she froze in place.
I walked towards the bathroom and tried not to make eye contact with her, but she stopped me before I entered the bathroom.
"Wait. Come here," she said. I listened.
"You saw, right?" she asked. I nodded. I wanted to say something, but nothing came to mind.
"I don't know what's gotten into me. I'm never like this," she said. I thought maybe she was about to cry. But what she said next was the start of a very strange adventure.
"Please, watch," she said and went back to touching herself and clutching the panties against her face. So I watched. And as I did I took my hard cock out again and started stroking it.
"They just smell so good. I know it's wrong," she continued, "I don't really like girls. Not normally. I'm just curious. Usually I go for cocks like that."
Her hips bucked and she stifled a moan.
"Fuck. I'm sorry. It feels so much better to have someone watch when you're being a slut. Now I know why Kylie does it. I promise I'm not normally like this. I'm just curious like how girls taste and stuff. Fuck," she looked at my cock as I stroked it, "Kylie loves hairless cock."
I was getting close and maybe it was the drugs or the drinking or just what an absolute mind fuck the night had been already, but it was almost like someone else's voice came through my body and said, "If you want to taste, my cock probably still tastes like Kylie."
"Wh-what?" she said.
"I was fucking your sister's wet pussy earlier. My cock probably still tastes like it if you want to just try. You know. Just to see?"
She moved quickly to her knees and took my head in her mouth. I think she came the second her lips met my cock as she moaned over it. With just a few pumps of her head I was quick behind her and my load exploded in her mouth. She waited until I was done before swallowing. Without another word she walked back to her bedroom.
I went to the bathroom and crawled back in bed with Kylie.
And that was exactly how my relationship with Monica began. Believe it or not Monica and I are actually getting married in a few months and this was just about the least exotic of our adventures. But those are stories for another day.