Ashley sighed again. Graduation was right around the corner. You're only 21 once, she told herself. Then she scheduled a three-day mini-vacation at this villa. Even with the discounted price her uncle gave her it was still a pretty penny. But looking out on the water she had no regrets.
Ashley walked along the shore and stood for a second to take in the ocean breeze. The private beach had fewer people than back home, but it was nice. She walked along the shore kicking up sand and enjoying the sun. Not really thinking of anything. Just then a large family walked down from the villa. A couple of the kids raced to the shore and the bubble of her peaceful world popped. Ashley looked around trying to find distance from the group.
Walking farther down the shore clusters of rock that came up into the sand. One of the rock formations was almost as tall as her at 5'6". She looked around it and found a spot to sit inside. It was like a rough fort and she laughed, feeling childish for being at ease. As the afternoon wore on the heat became too much. Ashley shimmied out of her jean shorts and tee-shirt revealing the red strappy bikini she'd had underneath.
After sunbathing for a few minutes suddenly an old urge returned. She felt confident that no one could see her in the rocks unless they walked up to where she was sitting. And it was too dangerous for anyone to swim near rocks. Right? Butterflies fluttered in her stomach building anticipation. Even though she focused on university, and never drank or smoked, Ashley had a secret. She never felt comfortable enough to try to explain her urge to strip in public. And after her ex-boyfriend broke up with her about it, it was now a secret she'd take to the grave. How the urge to touch herself in public set her body on fire and overwhelmed her.
Ashley licked her lips and spread her legs into the warm sand. One hand behind her for support. The other trailed down her full breasts and flat stomach. She reached down and pulled her red bottoms to the side. Exposing her puffy lips to the sea. Her fingers ran across her clit gently. She bit her lip to keep from yelling out. The sounds of the beach and people a few meters away made her sensitive. Ashley thumbed the engorged clit and scratched at the sand under her. A breeze whistled through the rocks, licking at her hair, and attacking her senses. Waves of pleasure washed through her. She circled the seizing entrance of her pussy and rubbed her juices into her clit. It was hard to breathe.
She gasped. Squeezing her eyes shut. Ashley hunched slightly forward. Her body shaking. She was close. She threw her head back unable to keep still. Her fingers worked quickly. Racing back and forth over the hot button. Driving her crazy. She couldn't breathe. A movement caught her eye from somewhere in the water. She squinted, waited for her sex dazed eyes to focus. A man? But there was no way. Her hips rocked against her hand. Shaking violently she shook apart. The idea of a man watching her making her pussy clench. Streams of her cum gushed into the sand around her. She couldn't stop. She thrust three fingers into herself cumming again. Her cunt making sloppy wet sounds. She arched into the sand, legs wide in the stranger's direction. He can see me she thought. And her body went limp.
Jack wasn't too excited about spending time with his brother and his new wife. They'd brought other friends and kids. Honestly, it felt like too much. But finally having a break from teaching at the university was relaxing. He pulled his shirt over his head and pulled out the goggles he'd stuffed into his swimsuit pocket earlier that day. He pulled the goggles over his chestnut hair and chiseled features before diving into the ocean. Teaching was great, but he always made time for swimming. It was how he kept in shape. The underwater world caught pulled him into a trance. The clear water made everything look magical. Almost forgetting to breathe, he swam to the top. The waves had carried him away from his family but it wouldn't be too much of a walk back. As he looked out at their campsite a rock poked into his back. It wasn't sharp, but the shock pulled him out of his daydreams. He grabbed a larger rock formation and pulled himself up its slippery surface. He rinsed out the goggles when a flash of color on the beach caught his eye.
A woman was laying in between a cradle of larger rocks along the shore. Sunbathing, probably. He thought absently. But curiosity got the best of him. He traversed over the rocks and froze in place. She was beautiful. She had long blonde hair. Her little red bikini accentuated the swell of her breast and small waist. He motioned closer. Her head shot up as he caught her attention. He could see clearly now what was happening. He could feel himself hardening. She trembled in the sand, flushed. Her fingers in delving deeper and deeper into her pussy.
He didn't want to move. As if moving would undo the fantasy in front of him. The girl stared at him as she erupted. And he felt this cock fight against the thin material between them. Then the girl laid there. At first, he thought it was an invitation and made his way toward her. But when Jack reached her the girl didn't respond.
"Hello? Miss?" He asked.
The girl laid motionless in the sand. Damn. He worried she'd suffered from heat stroke and thought of what to do. He couldn't help look at the pink puffy lips peeking out from her bottoms. She'd made a mess in the sand, and he wondered what she tasted like...But a child broke into a cry from somewhere on the beach. Damn. I have to get her out of here, he thought. If someone found her like this it could get dangerous. He grabbed the clothes next to her in the sand and lift her into his arms. She was light. And it was easy to carry her to the guest house he was staying in. But then what?
Ashley woke slowly from a thick fog. She felt groggy. Suddenly she remembered being at the beach. But why was she here? This wasn't where she was staying.
"Ow! What the hell!" Her creamy skin was red and blotchy and it hurt to move.
"You're up." A deep voice shook her and she looked up to see a man in the doorway. Not just any man she began to remember. The man. He gave her a once over and smiled.
Now she felt very stupid. The biggest idiot.
"You...saw me." It wasn't a question. She wasn't dumb. But Ashley didn't feel very smart at this exact moment either. She tried to cross her arms over her chest. But it felt like her skin would break apart. She winced in pain.
"Oh, here." The man left the room and returned with Aloe vera gel. "My niece gets sunburns all the time."
"Thanks," Ashley muttered. It was painfully silent as she tried to dab the gel into her skin.
The man grabbed the gel and started down her back. Jack sat on the bed behind her waiting for her to say something but she didn't.
"What's your name?"
His voice sent shivers down her back. He was handsome. He looks like he could be in his early thirties and he was fit.
"Ashley."
"Okay, Ashley. That's a start. I'm Jack."
She felt so foolish. But the gentleness of his hands down her back made her ache again. The desire from earlier in the day slowly returning.
"I washed you off with cool water when we got back, so hopefully the sand didn't irritate your skin too much." He applied another large amount of gel in his hands before starting on her shoulders. Without much thought, she grabbed the end of one of the thin straps around her neck that held up her top. She pulled and the material gave way. She grabbed the top, pulled it away from her body, and tossed it on the bed.
"It'll be easier to do my neck like this," she said. But Ashley could hear the invitation in her voice.
Jack's hands continued to gently knead the aloe into her satiny skin. He could hear the arousal in her voice but he was patient. He wanted to see her tremble as she did on the beach. Begging for his cock. Being so close to her made him want to dive into her, and give her the pleasure she craved on the beach. But not yet.
His hands ran down her arms. Rubbing the cooling gel into her skin. The mix of pain and gentleness made Ashley wet. She wanted him. Her arms at her sides pushed her breasts together, and her nipples hardened. It was easy to imagine him sucking and pinching them.
"Are you here alone?" He asked.
"Yes", she let out. "I'm on break from xxx University."
His fingers stilled on Ashley's shoulders. After a beat impatience furrowed her brow, she didn't want the hands to stop. When he didn't continue she worried something was wrong.
"Is something wrong?" she asked. Turning to get a look at his face.
"Ha, no." He coughed, trying to hold back laughter. "I'm actually a professor there."
Ashley didn't know how to feel. Maybe the revelation would turn him off. But she wanted the warmth of his large hands all over her body.
To her surprise, he didn't seem to mind. A smirk spread across his face.
"Maybe you can finally explain what you were doing on the beach. If I like the explanation I won't report it to the dean."
Ashley got up on all fours and pushed him against the headboard. She didn't know where this confidence was coming from, but she wanted to please him.
"I touched myself on the beach", she said. Her voice low and sensual.
"Show me."
Ashley stood on her knees and ran her fingers over her clit through the fabric of her swimsuit. It sent shivers through her body.
Jack watched her, licking his lips. It made her feel intimidated and excited. His eyes traveled down the length of her body. He brushed away the thin strands of blonde hair that hid her breasts and cupped them in his hands. The pads of his thumbs circled the pink pebbles hardening them so much is hurt.
Ashley could only watch. He was focused on her body in a way that no one had ever been. She felt like a prey animal that was cornered. Waiting to be eaten. He lowered his head and took the pink pebble into his mouth and ground it gently between his teeth.
"Ah!"
Jack pulled away. "Did I hurt you?" His eyes were dark, serious.
"No...It felt too good, I didn't know what to do." Ashley could feel her face becoming red.
"Good. Tell me if I do. Now, show me what you did on the beach."
Dazed, she pulled back and undid the thin straps of fabric that keep her swimsuit together. She pushed the bottoms off the bed and spread her legs wide before him. Using a hand behind her for support.
Jack felt his dick pulse. She didn't ask questions or talk back. He didn't even think that she realized how submissive she was. He dick twitched as she sat in front of him, legs wide, waiting for his next command.
"Pleasure yourself, baby."
The hand that had hesitated began to skim over the pink bud Ashley loved so much. Pinching and playing with it. Ashley rocked against her own hand. She closed her eyes and listened to the sloppy sound she was making. The bed moved under her and her eyes flew open.
Jack stood up and slid off his trunks. His eyes didn't leave Ashley all the while. H. He laid on the bed inches from her and slid his arms under her hips pulling her pussy forward. He wanted to see everything.
Timid hands covered the entrance of her need.
"I can't..." She said.
"Move. Your. Hands." The words came out harsh, but she wasn't going to stop him from showing her pleasure. "Did I tell you to stop?"
"No..."
"Then finger your pussy."
" You're too close..."
He looked up and saw her face was red. A mix of pleasure and humiliation colored her cheeks. He could feel the precum leaking from the tip of his cock.
"You love masturbating in public. Let me watch you."
A thrill ran through Ashley's body. Her pulse sped up as she felt the excitement and embarrassment meld together. Fingers plunged deep into her core. The sloppy sounds of her dripping folds made her head fuzzy. Jack's warm breath filled her with ecstasy.
Jack saw the telling tremors of her body. He wanted so much to pinch the puffy pink lips in front of him and plunge into her depth, but he couldn't. Stroking his hot cock he gave her another order.
"Say my name, Ashley. Come for me."
"Jack, please." The words stumbled out of her face as she came on his cock. The warm juices squirted onto his cock as he stroked harder.
"Fuck, baby."
Ashley's body was still convulsing in pleasure mid-orgasm, but he couldn't wait. His thick shaft crashed into her slit.
"AHHHH!" Every sensation sent electricity through her. The walls of her pussy came down on Jack attempting to milk his dick. The sounds of flesh hitting flesh filled the room. Ashley flung her head back screaming. Jack growled out words but she couldn't hear them. Her second orgasm rode her hard. It slammed into her and she shook her head.
"No, I can't-JACK PLEASE!"
Jack's lips fell on her's. They moaned into each other's throats. With his last thrusts, he pounded deep inside of her core. Biting his lips he let go. Filling her puffy cunt with his seed. He rolled off of her and brushed the hair away from her face. The blonde strands clung to her damp forehead. He watched her body still quiver occasionally in the aftershocks of her orgasms.
Hmm, He thought. I think I'll keep you.
END