I'd just spent a night at Sara and Jeff's home, where they drank copious amounts of alcohol, performed hilarious renditions on the karaoke and had a fun evening all round. As the evening drew to a close Jeff had obviously had one or two more than his capacity and said something out of earshot which didn't sit well with Sara. She was more angry than upset, but escorted me to the door in her usual jovial flirty manner. I bent to give her cheek a kiss goodbye when she stopped me and looked into my eyes.
"You know about us swinging and Jeff's voyeuristic needs?" She said pensively. I nodded assuring her I was aware of their lifestyle.
"Nobody ever asks me what I want!" She said in a serious tone.
"Do you not enjoy your open lifestyle?" I enquired, intrigued as to how much detail would be made available.
"I used to love it, but lately I've began to switch off and just go through the motions to keep Jeff happy!" She said rather mournfully.
"But you have enjoyed it?" I re-iterated.
"Oh god, there have been some unbelievable moments and very sexually fulfilling!" She smiled "But it seems that recently, all I've felt is that I was a sexual plaything to entertain Jeff and his voyueristic fetish!"
I looked at her soulful brown eyes and placed my right hand gently on her shoulder.
"So what would make you feel better?" I asked genuinely.
"I want to be wanted. I want my opinion and needs to be important!" She implored "I want someone to ask me what I want!"
"I'm doing that right now!" I smiled, placing my finger beneath her chin, lifting her face up to mine and kissed her softly.
Sara responded, pushing her fantastic body into mine. Her huge firm braless breasts pushing in to my chest, as her arms went around my neck, her taloned nails gently scraping the nape of my neck. Her lips kissed my cheek and eased toward my ear as she whispered softly.
"I want you to come round here when Jeff is at work and photograph me in all of my sexy dresses, high heeled shoes and my thigh length boots!" She said as her hand nestled on my crotch, squeezing my ever growing erection.
"Without Jef's knowledge?" I quizzed "You do know that you and I alone with you dressed provocatively, will send me wild with desire. There is no guarantee I could keep my hands off you!" I smiled.
"There's no guarantee I would want you to keep your hands off me!" She smiled teasingly, then brushed her full soft lips against mine, kissing me sensually.
"When do you have in mind?" I enquired as Sara stroked my cock in her hallway.
Sara turned her head to make sure Jeff was still in their entertainment room.
"Make it Monday!" She whispered "Jeff leaves for work about 7:30 and I will be ready and waiting from 8:00 onwards!" She smiled, squeezing my cock firmly as I placed both hands on her unfettered huge breasts. Sara moaned as I squeezed her fleshy breast. Grazing her lips with mine, our tongues entwined as we squeezed each others sexual body parts.
"I'll be here with my camera 8:00 on the dot!" I smiled, confidently.
"I'll also have a few bikini's picked out and maybe some of my former Stripper lingerie!" She smiled, cock-teasing me delightfully.
Sara was an exotic dancer when she and Jeff first got together.
I smiled a lusty smile as Sara stroked my cock for one last time. Squeezing her huge firm breasts, I kissed her passionately as she moaned into my mouth. Breaking from our kiss she gave me a big hug and smiled.
"See you on Monday!" She said, her eyes looking lustful and dreamy.
"I'll see a lot more of you Monday!" I replied.
Sara giggled as she opened the door, guiding me out of her home.
"You most certainly will be seeing a lot more of me on Monday!" She whispered smiling, giving my cheek a delicate peck, then closed her front door.
I rescheduled everything I was assigned to do on Monday, clearing my day totally to be at Sara's from 8:00 onwards to see what the day would actually have in store. I made sure my camera and lenses were packed neatly in my camera bag and that I had enough memory cards and that all the batteries were fully charged. I placed my laptop and all necessary accessories in to a bag to take along with me, so the photographs and hopefully some video shooting could be downloaded to the hard drive for editing.
Everything was prepared and in place, just waiting for Monday to arrive.
I'd left Sara and Jeff's on the Friday night and Sara had been sending me some very encouraging text messages since that night. She even sent a few selfies where her ample cleavage was the focal point of photograph.
Her texts started with just a hint of innuendo, but as we replied back and forth to each other, these became more and more steamy, convincing me that more than photographs were on the agenda on Monday.
On the Sunday evening she sent me the following text.
"I'm so excited about tomorrow. I've selected some very tight revealing dresses, a few sexy items of swimwear and some of my raunchiest stripper lingerie! Remember, Jeff is not to know any of this Sx"
I was to be honest a little uncomfortable about deceiving Jeff, but one look at Sara's sensational body would dissolve any pangs of guilt and replace them immediately with insatiable lust. It had been over a week since I last had sex and the thought of Sara was making it almost impossible to keep from masturbating, but somehow I managed to avoid any self pleasure.
Monday morning was here before you knew it. I enjoyed the simplest of breakfasts, a strong coffee with a menthol cigarette. I was showered, shaved and colognes, ready to go to Sara's and do her photo shoot and with any luck do her also.
I loaded the car with my camera, lenses, accessories and laptop, started the engine and headed to sexual heaven. I pulled up at Sara's and saw the silhouette of her body in the upstairs window. Her delicious curves enhanced by what was obviously very tight sexy clothing. Unloading the car I headed to her door, to find it opening before I'd even touched the doorbell. Framed in opened doorway was the sultry Sara, dressed in a skintight black shiny dress that cupped her huge firm breasts delectably. The left hand side of the dress had elliptical panels removed all the way up, displaying her magnificent side boob and confirming no underwear was worn beneath. On her feet were a calf tight pair of black soft leather thigh length with a six inch stiletto heel. My eyes were on stalks, drinking in the pure sexual vision of Sara and all her glory. Sara smiled, checking cupping her left breast and giggled.
"Do you think this will do!" She teased seductively.
She stood to one side to allow me entrance into her home. Her firm breasts wiggled as I stepped inside. Her tanned skin was glowing from whatever oil or lotion she had applied. The scent of her heady perfume filled my nostrils, arousing my senses even more. Sara leant in close to me, giving my cheek a light peck as her full soft lips, grazed across my cheeks and delicately brushed my own lips. Our lips locked gently as her tongue slid cautiously into my mouth. A gentle moan emanated from as she kissed me passionately.
"Make me look and feel sexy!" She smiled.
"That ship has sailed!" I grinned "You look and feel outrageously sexy!" I emphasised.
"You always say nice things!" She smiled, leading me into the lounge.
Trying to sound professional I said.
"Where would you like the photo shoot?"
Sara smiled saucily and then purred.
"I was thinking we could do some of the dresses here and on the roof terrace, some of the bikini shots on the terrace and some of the lingerie shots in the bedroom, if you think the lighting is adequate!" She revealed.
"We can always adjust the lighting!" I smiled placing my bags on the hardwood floor.
"This is between you and me!" She re-iterated "Jeff is not to know, nor anyone else for that matter!" She smiled, running her taloned fingers across my cheek.
"You can keep all photos and any videos, but I would like you to do a little boudoir type calendar which I could present to Jeff as a little surprise!" Sara said with just a hint of mischief.
"You have my word, no one will ever know, and any photos or videos from today will be for your and my eyes only!" I promised.
"I knew I could count on you!" Sara smiled.
Sara walked over to the bar in her entertainment room and poured out two large glasses of white wine. Handing one glass to me she grinned and said.
"Just to help us loosen any inhibitions!"
I knew full well that Sara had no inhibitions. In fact the exact opposite. She was an ardent exhibitionist with a voyueristic husband who loved to share his wife. There is literally no sexual practice she has not taken part in, and by all accounts, absolutely thrived in. Today though was for her and not her husband. Her needs would be attended to. Her wants would be addressed and her pleasure was all that mattered. Needless to say, I would hopefully acquire an abundance of pleasure from Photographing or taking part in any or her desires over the next few hours.
"Shall we begin?" I asked, unzipping my bag and removing my camera.
Sara moved over to the full length window in the entertainment room. The early morning sunlight bounced of the shiny black dress, accentuating the elliptical cut outs revealing her smooth tanned flesh. Her huge firm breasts showing a tantalising peak of side boob and her voluptuous cleavage. Sara smiled for the camera as I began to click away mercilessly. Sara turned slowly, thrusting her huge breasts forward, revealing even more side boob with her turn. I knelt down on her hardwood floor, taking pictures from a different angle.
Sara smiled invitingly and slowly parted her legs till they were shoulder width apart. Just enough to tighten the hem of her micro mini dress and ease her hemline further up her thighs, almost level with her shaved pussy.
Sara looked directly into the camera lens and opened her legs a further six inches. The hem of her micro mini dress eased up a further couple of inches, revealing her smooth hairless mound and delightful shaven slit.
Her smile broadened reflecting on the slutty antic she had just performed. Staring into the camera she ran her taloned french manicured fingers down her taut stomach, resting just above the slit of her shaved pussy.
Her eyes twinkled with mischief as she whispered.
"Is this too naughty or just naughty enough!" Then ran her index found down her smooth groove.
I clicked away not wanting to miss any of this and responded.
"Like everything else you do it's just perfect!"
Sara's head tilted back as she ran her finger back and forth along her slit. Her pussy became more and more moist with each movement of her finger. She circled her clitoris with her taloned finger, coaxing her love button from its hood.
A delicate moan emanated from her throat as she slowly pleasured herself for the camera lens. My cock was now at full mast, uncomfortably stretching my jeans. Sara looked at my package and raised her eyebrows approvingly. Her left hand gently cupped her left breast as she squeezed the fleshy mammary delicately. Pulling the bustling of her dress down slightly her aroused nipple came into focus.
Sara was now stroking her clitoris and tweaking her left nipple, while smiling sexily at the camera.
The exhibitionist within her was now in full flow as she openly masturbated for the camera, taking great delight in doing so.
It was a difficult task not to have the camera shaking, so high was my arousal, and Sara knew this.
"I will eventually end up naked. Why don't you remove your clothes and get comfortable!' She smiled, teasing me with her flagrant masturbating display.
"I should let you know I have a hard on right now!" I confessed.
"I know and I'm very flattered that my body can do this to you!" She smirked knowingly.
I put the camera down for a few seconds and unbuckled my jeans frantically. The hit the hardwood with a vengeance as my hard cock sprang forward. Sara's eyes misted over with a lustful as she grinned.
"Is that for me?" She teased in a girlish voice.
"It's all yours!" I said, as I lifted my camera from the floor.
Sara took her right breast out of her skin-tight dress. Both fabulous breasts now unfettered, thrusting forward with the most perfect erect nipples.
She eased her micro mini dress above her hips, leaving the shiny black ensemble around her waist like a cinching belt. Her shaved pussy and huge firm breasts were the stuff of wet dreams, as she gazed into the camera lens. I've never seen anything more horny in my entire life, as my good friends wife, showed her amazing sexy body to me and the camera lens.
It now looked like she was wearing a Waspie style corset with black thigh length boots.
This was pure sex on legs and she knew it, confidently showing her delectable body for sexual appreciation.
My cock twitched excitedly as Sara once more began to stroke her smooth slit. She leant against the bar counter in the entertainment room and opened her legs further. She opened her pussy to the camera, revealing her very wet pink opening, running her finger around her pussylips, then dipping the digit in and out.
Looking directly into the lens with two fingers fucking her own pussy, her mouth opened slightly and she whispered.
"Fuck me and make me come!"
I put the camera down on the bar counter and pulled the almost naked Sara closer to me. My cock twitched at her smooth opening as she sighed sexily. Pushing her hips forward the tip of my cock slid inside her tight wet pussy and eased its way inside her, until my full length was buried deep within her.
Sara moaned lustfully.
"Fuck me!" She panted as she began to thrust her hips to meet my cock.
Her pussy was unbelievably tight, as it gripped my erect cock with vim and vigour. She grazed her full lips against mine as her tongue invaded my mouth, searching for my own tongue. Not wanting to disappoint the lady, I snaked my tongue around hers as we fucked frantically.
"Your cock is wonderful!" She panted, chewing softly on my bottom lip.
I placed my hands on her firm buttocks and lifted her feet off the floor. Her thigh length booted legs, wrapped around my waist as ground her magnificent pussy against my invading cock.
Sara was orgasming wildly, thrashing on my cock with total abandonment. Holding her buttocks I began to spread them, stretching her tight asshole as she slammed onto my cock. Her orgasm was relentless as she panted wildly'
"Fuck me!" She repeated, her eyes rolling with animal lust as she slid her tight cunt up and down my rock hard cock.
It would be impossible to keep this intensity level much longer and my own orgasm was rapidly approaching. Sara instinctively knew that my seed would be evacuating any moment now, when she panted.
"Spunk on my face!"
There would be no need to tell me this twice. I raised Sara off my cock placing her feet back on the hard wood flood. Sara squatted down until her face was level with my ready to explode cock. Placing her feminine right hand at the base of cock, she delicately stroked my blood engorged length and fed it into her unfaithful mouth.
No sooner had the head of my cock been enveloped by her warm mouth, when the first spurt of hot seed exploded into her oral cavity. Sara gripped my cock, shrouding my domed head with her experienced lips and began to suck every spurt of hot jism from my cock. I've never experienced such a powerful ejaculation as this, with Sara draining every last drop from my balls and beautifully swallowing every single eruption.
Licking my cock clean, she smiled as she looked up at me.
"I think I'll change in to another outfit and see what we can come up with!" She smiled naughtily, holding my semi erect cock at the base. Her cum tasting wet lips shining in the early morning sunlight.
"I'm looking forward to it already!" I panted, trying to regain my composure.
"I hope you like what we're doing, as I'm now feeling very naughty!" She teased, leaving me to shake my head in disbelief.
"Remember Jeff is not know any of this!"