I was attending a convention three hours from my home in southwest Ohio. It was exhausting, with meetings and trying to network with peers in our industry. After three 12-hour days of doing this, I was ready to go home, but stayed at the hotel and left the following morning--if I tried to drive that night, I probably would have ended up on the 6 PM news ("Cincinnati man falls asleep behind wheel and plows into school bus, killing 20 children").
Collapsing on my bed, I called my wife Heather. I needed to hear her voice, after only hearing from bullshitters for the last three days.
She picked up after a couple rings. "Hey babe! How did things go?"
"I don't know; good, I suppose. These things seem like a waste of time; I'd rather be with my sexy wife."
Heather laughed. "That makes two of us. You doing anything tonight?"
"No way. After we end this call, I'll be asleep in less than 5 minutes."
"Well, you're certainly not going to have the fun that I'll have tonight" she said.
I perked up. "Oh yeah? What are you doing?"
"I'm meeting a couple co-workers and their husbands at the bar tonight. Cindy (one of her co-workers) got a big promotion today, and she volunteered to buy the first 2-3 rounds of drinks tonight. You think I'm going to turn THAT down?"
"Hell no; take advantage of the opportunity...and tell Cindy I said congrats. What's her new position?"
"Director of Marketing. For a girl that's only 28 years old, that's a big freaking deal."
"Damn straight" I said. "Forgive me for asking but did she have to do, um...STUFF with other male superiors to get this position?"
"HELL NO! She got this job by busting her ass for the last several years. Why would you think she used sex to go up the corporate ladder?"
"Well, you know our country's Vice President got her start in politics by having an affair with the Mayor of San Francisco back in the day. If he didn't fuck her, we probably never would have heard of her."
Heather laughed. "Good point. Seriously, Cindy is a great worker and she legitimately earned it."
"So...what is my sexy wife wearing tonight? I know how you like to tease the single guys with skimpy clothes."
In a low raspy voice, Heather asked "what do YOU think, babe?"
"Well, certainly something very short that shows off those shapely legs, correct?"
"Good guess" she said. "And what else?"
"Hmmm. A slinky top for certain, and obviously heels. How many inches are the heels?"
"5 inches; the black ones. And of course, you call them my fuck-me-pumps."
I laughed. "Babe, the ONLY heels you own are so-called fuck-me-pumps."
Heather giggled. "Of course, my love."
"Which top and skirt are you wearing?"
"Black sleeveless top and very short red/black plaid pleated skirt."
"Oh shit; the one that barely covers your ass?"
"You got it honey."
My cock was starting to swell and I rubbed it. "What panties are you wearing?"
Heather laughed out loud. "Panties? What are those?"
Now I was sweating. "Holy shit Heather. You're NEVER gone commando before, right?"
"Nope, but I thought I would be adventurous tonight."
"Well have fun tonight. I'm looking forward to hearing how you teased those losers at the bar."
"Here's a preview: I'm going to drop something out of my purse--a pen or something--and bend over in front of them so they can see my pussy. And maybe I'll sit on the barstool and pivot toward them with my legs open a bit."
"Oh, I love my sexy wife. I just wish I was there. But you better watch your back in case one of those loser single guys tries to make a move against your will."
"No worries" she said. "I've got pepper spray and Cindy's and Dawn's husbands to back me up."
I breathed easier. Those two guys were former college wrestlers and still in great shape; not someone you want to fuck with.
"I'm about ready to go; I need to shave my legs first."
"WHOA" I said. "You haven't shaved yet?"
"No. I probably don't need to, but you know how I hate the idea of even the tiniest bit of stubble."
"Can you do me a huge favor?" I asked her.
"Sure sweetie."
"Put the phone on speaker and place it on the edge of the tub right under your legs. I want to hear the razor scraping against your skin."
"Okay Matt. But if I get water on the phone and it dies, you're buying me a new one."
"Deal; totally worth it. And while you're shaving, describe it. Tell me which part of your leg you're shaving as you're doing it."
Heather chuckled and put her phone on speaker. "I'm squirting a ball of EOS shave cream on my right leg" she said.
"Great" I said. "Is my girl very stubbly?"
"A bit. I shaved a couple days ago and usually only need to shave once every 5-6 days, but I'm prickly again. Probably need to put in fresh blades; let me do that now."
"Careful" I said. "You have a good chance of getting nicked with those new sharp blades."
"I know. I'll be cautious; promise."
Heather popped in the replacement razor head and went to work. "Okay babe, I'm starting at my right ankle and going up to the knee." I could hear the razor gliding over her skin.
"Mmm, that feels nice" she said. "Too bad you're not here to watch me."
"Tell me about it! You have no idea how much I want to be sitting next to you right now."
Heather continued shaving. "I'm still going over my lower right leg. These fresh blades are really doing the job." She was silent for a few seconds as I heard the razor cleaning up her skin. Suddenly she said "Ouch! That hurts!"
"Uh-oh, how bad did you cut yourself?"
"Not that bad, I guess, but it really stings. Give me a moment to grab your styptic pencil and stop this bleeding. Shit, I hope I don't need to put a Band-Aid on it; that won't look sexy at all."
"Don't worry. If there's still a visible red spot after the bleeding stops, just put some anti-blemish concealer on it. No one will know the difference."
"You're right babe." After she fixed the cut, she continued, moving up to her thigh.
"I'm shaving my thigh now" she said. My hand was rubbing my cock a little bit faster.
She was done with her right thigh after a minute or so. "I'm putting the cream on my left leg. Is my man hard as a rock?"
"Honey, you have no idea."
"Oh I think I do have an idea" she chuckled. "You've had a thing for my legs ever since our first date five years ago."
"Guilty as charged" I replied.
"I'm shaving my lower leg now" said Heather. She didn't say much, but she didn't really have to --the sound of the razor shaving her leg was good enough for me. Pre-cum was starting to ooze from my cock.
"Mmm...so silky smooth" she purred. "Now to finish the job on my thigh." I was lamenting the business trip now; I wanted to be home with my beautiful wife while she shaved her amazing legs.
About 90 seconds later, Heather said "I'm done! I wish you could feel how smooth my legs are, Matt."
That makes two of us, I thought. Maybe I COULD drive home tonight?
"One more thing to do" she said. "You know what I need to do now, right babe?"
"Sure do. You're going to take your post-shave oil and rub it onto those beautiful legs."
"Good guess!" she giggled. She rubbed the oil on her skin and softly moaned. "Oh, this feels so so good; my legs are much softer now."
I was about ten seconds away from blowing a load of cum on the hotel-issued bedsheets. Hold off, I thought.
"Time to go" she said. "Time for me to show off my freshly shaved legs and bare pussy to those poor guys."
"You don't need to shave your pussy, do you?"
"Nope. Yesterday I got a Brazilian wax for the first time. Babe, if you think my legs are smooth, you should feel my pussy. See you tomorrow!"
Heather hung up the phone and it took me less than sixty seconds to blow my load after holding out for almost 15 minutes. Fuck, I thought. I really am the luckiest guy on earth. Or at least the luckiest guy in Cincinnati.