In our early stories our mature cougar GILF, Gillian, in her late 70's, after collecting her prize, a young lover, at the supermarket, and was sexually educated by him, has started to implacate another senior female friend in her new fantasy sex life.
Will her longtime girlfriend become her latest victim.
Whilst each Part could be read as a stand-alone story, it's probably best read in sequence.
PART 3.
Dorothy was in turmoil as she moved towards the bed.
Gilly was sat there, astride his thighs, her own thighs wide open, her pussy was exposed, facing Dotty, all wet, moist and glistening with her juices due to the fact it was currently full of cock.
The cock, belonging to Stewart, was thick, deeply veined, and it too was glistening with Gilly's juice, having spent the last 10 minutes being ridden by Gilly, purely for the purpose of showing Dotty how much fun a mature lady in her 70's could have fucking, but also trying to entice her best friend into either a lesbian love affair or an erotic threesome, with Stewart.
Both of which she'd never had but was fascinated to try.
Dorothy had sat at the bed end for 15 minutes, watching the fucking taking place and the prequel of Gilly giving Stewart a blowjob.
Now she made a move.
"Come on Dotty, good girl, come for it, that's it, be adventurous." said Gillian.
"Is she coming?" asked Stewart, unable to see, due to his lover sat astride him, blocking his view.
"She will be soon, but for now, she's moving towards us." laughed Gillian, pleased with her 'coming' joke.
Dotty still didn't know where her fate lay. With a fanny or cock.
Dotty then made her move.
She crawled up Stewart's legs towards his cock, and she cupped his balls with one of her hands. The sensation sent a shiver through his body and caused him to arch his back, pushing his cock even higher up Gillian's love canal.
Dorothy had made her mind up on where her tongue should go.
She edged forward, and pushed her tongue inside Gilly's pussy, along her lips and onto her sensitive labia, until she reached Stewart's shaft and licked along that as well.
Gilly looked down to between her thighs and saw the most beautiful sight she had ever seen. Pulling her pussy lips wide open she watched Stewart's cock buried deep inside her and her friend, Dotty, had her face against her entry and could see her tongue buried up inside.
She could feel her breath against her skin.
Stewart felt the sensation of a tongue lapping his shaft.
Gilly cried out, "Oh my fucking goodness, Dotty, I can feel your tongue, your breath is going to make.........ooohhhhhhhh fffuuuuuuuuucccccccck, tooooooo late, get ready, its squirt time." And with that she gushed, her juices flooding out of her vagina, spraying over Stewart's cock and soaking Dotty's face in a cascade of exotic cum.
Dotty never moved, and to her own her surprise, and Gilly's too, she lapped up the cum, drinking and swallowing the elixir of passion.
With the sensation of the squirting juices and the lapping of a tongue up and down his shaft, it was Stewart's turn to bring forth, crying out, "Get ready ladies, it's ejaculation time, spunk is coming your way."
As he said it, his cock exploded, sending stream after stream of hot, white, salty fluid high up into the vagina of Gilly.
Dorothy, with her tongue pressed against his shaft, she felt it pulse and spasm as he came inside her friend, retracting her tongue in disappointment, said, "I missed out there, damn."
Gilly laughed, saying, "Get back inside me, stick you tongue back, it'll come your way soon enough."
So she did, pushing upwards, when suddenly she tasted it, and felt it dribbling down from the top of Gillian's womb, down to her lips.
She lapped, she licked and she sucked the hot cum, Stewart's spunk, straight out of Gilly's pussy, and all the residues off Stewart's shaft.
"Oh Gillian, this is wonderful, the taste, the licking, the experience of us together, but I want fucking more, I want more fucking, and after tasting you, I guess you want to taste me. How have I waited until I'm in my 70's before I tasted and licked cunt. you've got to try it." said Dorothy, licking her lips, and wiping her mouth on the sheets to stop the cum dripping.
"I'll second that, licking pussy is wonderful." replied Stewart.
"Stop it, you two. I started this, I instigated it, yet I'm the only one to not get pussy, it's so unfair," and laughing, continued, "I want pussy, I want pussy." almost chanting it.
Dorothy and Stewart laughed.
Dorothy assisted, by saying, "Well, once we've let Stewart charged his batteries, and his cock is ready to load again, I'm very happy to let him fuck me, no doubt fill me with his seed juice, and as a treat, let you, Gilly, go down on me, and get your first taste of pussy. The only thing is, my juice will be mixed with a bucket of spunk, you ok with that my lover?" looking at Gillian.
By now all three were sat side by side in Gillian's bed, the quilt covering them up to their waist, with Stewart in the middle, and the two topless sexy, now lesbian lover, grannies either side.
Gilly looked across at Dorothy, winked at her, and said "Oh very well, if you insist, I knew there would be a price to be paid. So I've to watch you two making love then after you've both cum, go down and lick you out, licking and sucking Stewart's jiz from inside of you, is that correct? I'm guessing now you've found how to, you'll want to squirt on me too?"
Dotty leaned over to her, caressed one of her breasts, pinched and squeezed a nipple, at which Gilly jumped, with Dorothy replying, "Only if you ask."
All three of them laughed.
Stewart said, "I don't wish to disturb our little chat but if either of you are interested, look!"
He lifted the quilt so both ladies could see.
"Well ladies, looks like we can begin."
Gillian and Dorothy in unison said "What took you so long!"
Stewart, looking at each in turn said, "Sorry ladies, but all I had to look at whilst I sat naked here, was two naked grannies. Two naked, late 70year old sex objects who I know want and need fucking. One with large breasts and beautiful skin, eyes, smile, the other with stunning pert titties, and equally as gorgeous. Both of the ladies are oozing spunk and lady cum from their pores, touching and fondling breasts whilst discussing who's getting fucked next and how it will develop in to a lesbian orgy.
Sorry it took two whole minutes to get another, my fourth, erection in two hours."
Both ladies giggled, kissing him on the cheek, before Gillian said, "Well Dorothy, how would you like it, you tell him, your word is his command, Stewart is here to oblige and trust me, he will oblige, he wants to fuck you, he really wants to fuck you, so just tell him."
"That's right Dotty, I can't wait to penetrate you, and Gilly can't wait to watch us."
"Well, sex has always been just me on my back, and to be honest, I've never really enjoyed it, never thought it fun, so I'd like to try different ways. Say, me on top, grinding down, yes? Then definitely doggy, you behind me please, and if you haven't cum yet, one last wish, anal, I'd love to do anal. Never have, and I don't know why I want to, it just sounds so naughty. And having been a naughty lady this afternoon I might as well continue, what do you think, Gilly?
Gilly responded, "Absolutely yes to all three, but I have to say, save the bottom fucking until last, otherwise lady, you won't want anything else today. We had, well, I had, my first anal this week, Stewart was of course my teacher, and it is everything they say. But make sure you go Bronco. Couldn't walk properly for three days but, Oh my, well worth it."
"What's Bronco." enquired Dotty.
Smiling at Stewart, she replied, "Oh, you'll know, you'll know how and when, trust me."
And with, Gillian threw back the quilt, exposing three naked bodies, carassed Dororthy's thigh, looked down at Stewart's now properly engorged cock and said to Dotty, "Well girl, its all yours, get on with it."
"Ooooh, it's like being in a sweet shop. Think I'll try this." and made a grab for the shaft. She wrapped her hand around it and gently moved her hand, taking the cock with her, including his foreskin, exposing the pink / purple head and the slit.
Using her other hand, and the middle finger, placed her nail into the "eye" and wiggled it. The stinging pain caused Stewart to recoil. Dotty realised what she'd done so removed the nail, leaned forward and "kissed it better".
"So sorry, I better be careful with it, I need him to service me. Lets try this." said Dorothy, and eased the foreskin back over the cockhead, put the finger in her mouth, applied spit to it, then eased the finger inside the foreskin and watched it get enveloped. She then, holding the cock still and ensuring it remained covered, began rolling her finger around inside the skin, but carassing the bulbous head.
Stewart lay back, eyes closed and moaned with pleasure as his cock head was massaged.
Gilly watched, fascinated as her friend worked the penis in front of them both, getting more aroused, and feeling left out, dropped a hand onto Dotty's pussy, covering her pubic mound and just enjoying the sensation.
Dorothy glanced down at her pussy, looked up into Gillian's eyes, smiled and nodded her head down, in an unspoken signal to proceed.
Gillian didn't need anymore encouragement, she, very slowly and gently used her fingers to move over Dotty's lips, caressing them so her hand rested on the hooded mound hiding the clitoris.
Dorothy carried on rubbing her finger inside Stewarts foreskin, around his cock, but closed her eyes in gratification and sighed deeply.
Gilly moved her fingers back to the lips, and eased her hand into the soft tender opening, prising them apart, as she moved her other hand into the area and using her long middle finger tenderly worked it inside the lips and pushed hard getting it deep into the labia and tickled the highly sensitive regions of Dotty's cunt.
It was difficult to know who was reaching heaven, Gillian fingering Dotty, or Dotty herself being fingered, either way Stewart was happy watching this ultimate intimate foreplay of lesbian activity.
The passion kept rising in Dorothy, until her head was bursting and without any warning to Gilly, she unleashed an orgasm of all orgasms.
She clamped her thighs shut tight, trapping Gilly's hand in there, her whole body violently shook and she squirted, pouring huge amounts of cum onto the bed, onto Gillian's trapped hand. "Oh my fucking lord, what happened, my insides are erupting, burning. It's so fucking magically fucking cunt marvellous, you fucking finger fucking lesbian fucking beauty." cried Dorothy.
Stewart roared laughing, Gilly sat open mouthed. And Dorothy was still quivering as her orgasm, rippling, went through her.
Stewart broke the ice. "Well, sweet dear mature lady, what a bucket mouth. Two hours ago you had never sucked a cock, now you've become a trawler deckhand.
Where did that tirade come from?"
Dorothy was now laid back onto Gillian's chest, recovering, as Gillian wrapped her arms around her friend and gave her a cuddle.
Dorothy looked shocked, "Why, what did I say, I don't remember."
Gillian helped her buddy, "Nothing that I haven't said, its just Stewart is surprised that a 76 year old grandma said 'fucking', that's all."
"Talking of that, can I bypass the on-top and doggy shag, I just want some anal, please, because if Gillian keeps doing that to me, my body will be wrecked and I don't want to miss out." asked Dotty.
Stewart got to his knees. His cock was beyond hard, it was ready to burst, as stream of pre-cum eased out of his cock-eye, without anyone even touching it, as during the volcanic orgasm Dorothy had released her grip on it. "Absolutely fine by me, 100% anal every time." he said.
Between them, Gillian and Stewart prepared Dotty. They told her how to kneel, got the lube, as she had told them, her bottom was tight, and finally, having got her into position, Stewart got to work.
The scene was something out of a porn movie.
Gillian was propped up against the headboard, her back against it, her legs wide open, exposing her pussy and the already seeping cum.
Dorothy was knelt on the bed, her head between Gillian's knees, so she was looking straight at her friends inviting pussy, but 2 feet short of being able to reach it with her mouth.
Stewart was knelt sideways to the ladies, one hand on the small of Dorothy's back, the other starting to caress her pussy area. "Don't think we'll need any extra lube this evening, ladies. It's coming along just fine."
He slipped another finger up inside and wiggled it inside the cavernous space.
Her breathing became rapid, and Gillian could feel the panting breaths reaching her pussy. It was amazingto think that Stewart who was nearly six feet away, could by waggling a finger get her pussy to tingle.
Stewart then began his assault on her senses.
He slowly pulled his finger out, which was covered in a sticky gooey cum and stroked her crinkled anal rosebud, coating it with her own cocktail.
"Oh shit, that feels nice, what a sensation." Dorothy said.
"Wait until I'm inside you, see what that sensation is like," answered Stewart.
Gilly just lay there, watching the seduction continue, and having enjoyed it herself, for-the first time only the other day, tingled with excitement as she knew what Dotty was experiencing and anticipating, most of it the unknown.
Using his hands, he carassed her buttocks, kissing her cheeks, and using his tongue, flicked her opening, to help the arousal sensation.
The more he pulled her buttocks, the more her anal opening flexed and 'winked', and then it happened. He used his nail to scratch her deep coloured puckered hole, encouraging her gasping, and then edged his finger closer, at the same time, blowing his cool breath on to the area.
She gasped, she whimpered, and her pussy dripped droplets of juices onto the bed.
She was starting to get going, but would she last?
Gillian slid down the bed, her head going from the headboard to the pillow, and her body moved downwards too, until her pussy was underneath Dorothy's head.
She so wanted her friend's head to drop down, but knew if it did it would distract her from the virginal penetration in the anus. 'What a thoughtful sex partner I am.' she thought to herself.
Stewart continued, now kneeling behind her, knowing his moment was coming, as well as hers, soon. Two anal virgins in a few days, what a lucky man.
The finger pushed deeper, bit by bit, first knuckle, then second knuckle, then the whole length was in her. He let it settle, no twitching, no in / out movement. He let her get accustomed to the feeling.
Dorothy stayed silent. No whimper, no moans.
Dorothy stayed still. No writhing, no wiggling.
Pure anticipation.
Nobody spoke. Gillian waiting, Stewart hoping.
Slowly he pulled his finger out, letting it slide out as her muscles expelled it as they clenched, and then, using the tip of his cock, by now drenched and dripping with pre-cum rubbed it against her hole, and then just as he did with his finger, edged it slowly inside her, fraction by fraction as her hole widened, but her muscles gripped it.
There was just the odd little whimper, and she lowered her head on to the bed, so close to Gillians naked pussy lips that Gilly could feel the hair on her friends head brushing against her cunt.
Bit by bit he eased his cock in to her, and eventually he was in, all 7 inches of his hot, hard rod was in her bottom.
"Are you OK Dotty, Is it sore?" he asked.
"Fuck me, it's big, it's so hot, it's stinging, but it's fucking marvellous. He feels like he's ripping me, but I want more, please. Does he sit there or can we move like we do when we make love? Will you let him go in and out?" Dorothy asked.
"You want more, my dear lady, Then I can give you more. Hold on to Gilly's legs. Here we go baby, its Bronco time!"
Gilly said "Oh good, perhaps I can join in now, hang on Dotty, this is where it gets good."
Slowly Stewart withdrew his cock, just as he did when entering her, but not withdrawing completely. Then in he went again, and out, and in, and out, each time building up the tempo, until he was ramming it up her, full length after full length.
He banged her arse like a steam hammer.
After the 6th, 7th or 8th penetration it happened.
Her back arched, her legs extended, her arms reached behind her grabbing her buttocks, pulling them apart as he penetrated her deeper and she bucked and thrashed.
"Oh fuck me, fuck me, what's happening, my arse, my cunt, fuck, I'm exploding." she cried as she gushed like Niagara Falls, all down her legs, all across the bed, she cried out loud enough for the neighbours to hear, "Fucking fuck me now! shoot up in me, come in me, fill me with your spunk, you fucking machine, NOW!" and that's what he did.
He ejaculated ribbon after ribbon of hot salty spunk right up inside her arse, her sphincter muscles squeezing his cock, milking every last drop.
She looked up, saw the smile on Gillian's lips, who nodded. That's all it took.
Dorothy looked down, edged 2 inches forward and lunged her tongue straight into Gillian's pussy, never touching her lips, never touching the side, just straight into her void, and began lapping and licking and sucking, in, up and around the wet, sloppy, dripping pussy of her friend.
Gillian moved her hands down, and clamped them on the back of Dotty's head, encouraging her to lick and suck more.
Stewart, despite having emptied his entire sack of come was still hard at the sight of these two mature grannies having the most intense lesbian sexual lovers moment, and he started pumping her arse again, which only made Dotty lick harder, which had the knock on effect of Niagara Falls part 2, this time as Gilly came, straight into her friends mouth and over her face.
The squirting was intense and prolonged, which resulted in Stewart unloading a second cum shot into Dotty. He withdrew immediately and watched intently as her muscles spasmed and an expulsion of spunk started to dribble then shoot out of her arse, across the bed, into Stewart's lap.
He looked up, over the back of Dotty, to see Gillian and Dorothy wrapped in each others arms, in a tight embrace, kissing each other full on the mouth, tasting the elixir of the sex romp they had enjoyed, but most obvious was the tears rolling down their respective cheeks.
Gillian broke the kissing embrace, looked at Stewart and said, "Thank you, dear boy, for everything. You've shown us compassion, tenderness, love and most of all sex, fucking great sex, like neither of us have ever experienced from a man. But most of all, let us find for the first time in our 76 years, true love."
And after a 3 way shower, with no sex, just washing and soaping, getting dressed, a cup of tea with custard creams, Stewart left the two lovers alone, to make plans.