Just a sequel to part one, again total fiction, and all characters are over 18. Did my best at editing and proofing, but mistakes are always possible. Every time I read a story I wrote I find something not quite proper. I am not a professional writer. I hope you enjoy it!
__________________________________
June, my neighbor stopped by, and we first talked like normal neighbors. But we were far from being normal neighbors. It took us a while to see who would be the first to mention the video I shot of, and with them, or the sex I had with her. She stopped by to bring me some cookies, we sat down and I knew something was up. To take the conversation that way I asked her if David had any clue about what she and I had done.
She said, "As far as I know he didn't suspect a thing, but I think if he got to watch you and me fucking he might not take it that badly."
I told her, "You are going to have to explain that?"
"Well here is one for you, he has been hinting he would like to take that staged threesome we did for the video to another level. I assume he means you and I fucking on video, and wondered if I thought you were up to it. I think he was trying to sell the idea to me. He said we are both so comfortable with you in the room, and he knew I could not hide the fact that I enjoyed having such a large cock in my mouth.
I don't want to hurt your feelings, but I think on some level he feels you are safe because of your age. I don't think he would feel the same if you were a 20 or I guess even a 40-year-old with that big of a cock. I don't see your age as any more than just more experience. You had to notice when you did first fuck me that I peered into your eyes as you did. You don't do that with someone you just want for the pleasure of the ride. I had never had sex that good with a first-time fuck. Don't deny me the chance to fuck you again."
"So I guess I have to ask if you are in or out? I hope you're in, but I am going to have to tread lightly the next time he brings it up. I don't want to let on how much I enjoyed your cock in my mouth and surely don't want him to know what we did when we were alone. I have to say I loved it when he saw me sucking you though, but I am not sure it is a good thing for him to watch us fuck. I don't think I can act well enough for him not to suspect we have done it before. But I want more sex with you, and have been suffering trying not to call or stop by the last few weeks he has been away."
"I think what he has in mind is some type of, if not a just plain cuckold. I think he expected me to be reluctant, so I played it that way."
"I did tell him that I have felt a little bad that we sent you home after only half a blow job and no climax to it. David then shocked me again with what he replied he thought I was sexy with a big cock in my mouth but was a little shocked at how big it was. But I know you are not going to move in with someone his age. So if you don't want to let me see you with his dick inside you, I want to at least see you get him off, and maybe take a facial."
She said, "I took a line you used before we started this video adventure. I told him, We better think about it before we do even that."
I told her, "I am all in, of course, you have to know I would be."
I tried not to sound as anxious as I was.
All I could think about then was fucking her in front of him, or fucking her again at all. It was a week before she came back over again, and we had some drinks at the table on my deck. We had one of those freak warm April days. She told me that they thought about it, and she told him she would do it if he was sure he wanted it. Then she said, he asked her to present the idea to me. I already was in of course, and we set up a night. It was a week away, and I knew neither of us wanted to wait. Then I felt her now shoe-less foot in my crotch, I knew then she didn't. I did not want to either, but she was going to have to do more than play footsy with my cock to put me over the edge.
She did, she went under the table, pulled my cock out, and was just playing with it. I mean like when you see something you like, and pick it up and feel it. Once she started sucking it, well she had me then. The next thing I knew I was naked from the waist down. I could see her through the glass table top and she had her top off, she had it under her knees. We were outside in the daylight on my deck, both half-naked. I tried to get her to hand me my shorts so we could go in the house. She fondled my balls and said she wanted to do something daring out there as I told her my wife and I used to do. I told her that was usually after dark, and when the bushes and trees were full.
She said, "I like the daringness of it, but we still are hidden from sight to someone at a distance. I dare you to walk in with me half-dressed when we are done. Then they could see your big dick and my breasts."
About then, she had my balls in her hand as she started blowing me. I had blow jobs under a table before, but never outdoors under a glass one so I could watch. I did not accept the dare verbally, I was in too good a place with my cock in her mouth. I was just too turned on, and I warned her that she might get that facial she talked about, and soon. I pulled back and she protested and hit her head, we started laughing and I was losing my erection. She accused me of not wanting to walk in bottomless.
I told her I was taking the dare to walk in dick-swinging. I added I will lose my shirt too, but then she had to lose her shorts and panties so we could both take a walk in the garden and then back to the house totally nude. I stood up and took my shirt off, and then bent over and helped her out from under the table. She had already shed what she had left on and was naked. I took her hand and decided if she wanted a thrill, I would give her a little more of it. I took her by the hand and walked her through the garden to see the newly budding flowers. I knew we were probably pretty safe that time of day and a little secluded, so I took my time telling her about each of them. I loved seeing how thrilled she was being naked in public with me.
Then we continued the short walk to the sliding doors au natural. I don't think either of us cared by then if we were seen, we were on a sexual high. We walked into my kitchen and her hands were on my cock again, she was not going to go without making me cum. I pulled her in for a kiss, as she made sure I was still stiff.
She broke away from the kiss and leaned over the counter and stuck out her fine ass for me. I was so excited, this was going to be so much better than a hand or blow job under a table. I have fucked this way before, but not in years. She is so young she looked like a kid laying on their school desk and taking a nap. But that was definitely a grown-up naked ass and bare pussy waiting for a cock. I always liked fucking that way and thought maybe I would never get a chance to, let alone with someone this young. I was so hard I did not even need to reach down to guide it. What a sight it was looking down and seeing my knob disappear in her crack, and then feeling it up against her wet hole. She was wet and ready so it did not take a big push to enter her. It would have made such a good close-up shot, I was going to have to remember that for a video.
Again I was in a situation that I never thought I would be in. Holding this young woman by her butt cheeks as I pushed my cock into her. It slid right in, and in this position, she got most of it on the first strokes. I thought, what a warm and cozy place a pussy is to have your cock. I stroked her slowly though. I was fucking my neighbor, what was done could not be undone so I was going to make it last.
Now we were fucking, I could feel my balls swinging with each stroke. She had her head laying close to an open window. I was a little worried, as she was not able to keep quiet. She started with just some moans of pleasure, then added, "Oh Fuck Yeah Carl, Fuck this little girl with that Big Cock Daddy, it feels Sooo Goood inside me."
She had no idea how good it felt for this old guy to have it there instead of jerking it off like I would have had to if I would have sent her out the door. I was in trouble if this kept happening, good trouble if we got away with it.
She got a little too loud when I sped up and was pounding her pussy. She was getting it all and loving it. I looked down at the petite young woman I was fucking and wondered how I could possibly be fitting in her length-wise. My balls were hitting so hard they were starting to smart a little. It was a good pain though if there is such a thing.
The next thing I heard from her was, "Cum in me, you have to! It's safe! I just have to feel your spunk coat my walls!"
I wanted to give it to her, it was a feeling I missed. It was not long before I felt it coming, and found out that I do make a noise when I cum. It seemed like it was taking forever to empty my prostate and balls, and I was fine with that. When I slowly pulled out, I looked down to see long cum ropes hanging from her pussy.
I was glad I had a towel handy. I grabbed it, and for the first time in my life, I was catching my pie before it hit the floor. I picked her up and she put her arms around my neck, and I was in heaven feeling this young woman holding on to me like that. She said nothing but had me gripped so tight that I carried her to my bedroom. It was not until she saw where she was that she let go.
Not much else was said, David was out of town, we had all day, and we took it. If we weren't making out or fucking, we were just resting and looking into each other's eyes. Later, after I fucked her the third time, she started blowing me while cleaning off my cock. I could not believe I actually stopped someone blowing me, not once but twice. I was spent, knew I had little if any cum left at all, and my cock was feeling all the friction as well.
I felt like such a man, a stud, and for the first time in years. Even though I was convinced that nothing could become of us, I had fallen for her in at least a sexual way. We did not talk about it, not even about how good it was, etc.. I think she too knew it should not have happened as it did.
I did not hear from her for over a week, and I had mixed feelings. I would think, well it is better it is over, then I would think, Oh God, I hope it isn't. When I did hear from her it was a text to see if she could come over to just talk, then I figured it was over. I told myself it was a fun fling, and we were pushing our luck. I am old enough to not just think about myself, there was two people's marriage that was at stake.
She came over one evening at dusk and was really upbeat, then she said, "Well I guess it's time to get to the reason I came over. David just called from a trip he is on and is upset with me and for a strange reason. He has been getting impatient waiting for me to get your answer on a threesome, he did not use the word, but clearly a cuckold. He wants to watch and maybe video you, and me together. I am not against it of course, but it is scary, and more so since I have already been with you without his knowledge. I am sure you have a similar feeling."
I responded, "I get it, and yes I do feel it, but I am not sure we can not do something more. If not we would have to come up with an awfully good reason why our feelings about all this have changed. I think if you agree, then we are going to have to give him what he wants, put it on him."
That was what we decided and that changed the mood immediately. I mean it was kind of exciting to think about getting to act out something that exists more in porn than in real life.
What excited me the most was that it was him that was so anxious to see his wife and I do more than just oral, as that is all he knows about. I guess it was excitement, it was also a little scary to think of doing a guy's wife in front of him and trying to act like it was the first time. I would also have to give up my anonymity. I purposely did not allow any headshots in the previous video. For us to do a proper threesome I can't imagine doing it that way, especially if it was a cuckold he was going for. I guess I would have to trust them to keep their copy private. I certainly was not going to let anyone I know see mine.
We were discussing when we could do it, and I told her I had a job to finish she said he was not coming back until midweek, but I told her I could not do it until the weekend. We talked a little more about how not to let it look like we had done more than he was aware of. The next thing I knew she was on her knees with my cock in her mouth. She said she can't wait that long.
It was getting dark, and I was a little concerned that with the lights on someone could see in. so I stopped to turn out the lights. When I came back to the kitchen she was naked. She told me she wanted me to fuck her outside, that it sounded so hot, and it was almost dark enough out of the house now. I looked out and the foliage around my backyard was not as full as it was going to get that summer, but I stripped too. She is right about the thrill factor, if you don't up the risk, you lose it. Talk about a flashback in time, I was about to fuck a young woman in the backyard again, but not my wife this time.
She was trying to keep her giggling quiet as we held hands and walked outside. I felt so young with her little hand in mine, my hard cock bobbing up and down with my steps. I had not felt that much like a virile man since my wife passed.
It was still dusk, but the moon was visible through the tall trees on the hill, and it was going to make for a very romantic scene. She stretched out on the lounger and I crawled up to eat her out. It is a solid cedar chair, so we were able to 69 on it. No one would come up on us I thought, but when you are in the middle of something like this you start to not really care. We made out first, then moved into oral. When we did start to fuck a moonbeam was hitting her face. At that moment she was the most beautiful young woman I had ever seen, and I was ageless as I was plunging my cock deep inside her.
We made a couple of changes in position before I orgasmed, and shot my load inside her. We lay there just gazing into each other's eyes but went inside when we realized some bugs were biting. We showered together and fucked again, I felt insatiable, and think the feeling was mutual. After we got out, and dried she dared me to walk her home naked, what had I started? It was dark though, so she gathered up her clothes to carry. I took her hand and walked her to her back door. I was on a high from the sex and I did not even think about what would happen if a neighbor busted us. We got to the door, and she dropped her clothes and we pressed our naked bodies against each other, as I laid a big kiss on her. I love being outside naked, but only when I have a woman with me.
_________________
I went over on the night we set up, and of course had some drinks and talked while I set up my cameras. I set up the lighting and a stationary camera and also gave David some more instructions on using a small handheld camera. I showed him how to use Zoom, and gave him some tips on how to shoot a steady shot, telling him to imagine he was trying not to spill a drink he had overfilled.
I decided to say something about what we were doing to put up a little bit of a smoke screen and remind him I am a harmless old guy like he thinks I am. I said, "Well June, we will be doing new things, and we need a "safe signal," instead of a word. How about if we squeeze one of the other's arms twice if we are uncomfortable with what the other person is doing? There are some positions I have to be careful in, I have a bad rotator cup from all my camera work."
We repeated the scene we had done with her pushing me to join but making some changes as well. This time it was a real cuckold, so I planned on making sure that the stationary picked up on me handing him the camera to take over shooting while I did her. This time she did not ask me to join, instead as the stationary was taking in the whole scene she pulled down my shorts. I was trying not to look in so much pleasure as I stood there still shooting as she took my cock in her mouth. I kept the handheld a while to shoot her from above as she sucked my cock while looking up at me. Then I moved to him fucking her from behind and shot video of him as he withdrew his cock from her. Then I handed him the camera within the sight of the stationary one. I then laid down on my back, and since this was a cuckold, and she was in charge, it was logical for her to be on top.
I was kind of off the hook as far as worrying about what I did, I just had to follow the leader. I was laying there with a rock-hard cock standing up wondering if it was going to bother him seeing the difference in our cock sizes when he watches the video. She tried I think but was unable to hide her joy. She was into it right away and was so sexy as she spread her legs as she squatted over my cock so there would be a good shot of my big knob as it entered her. Then she rode me both front and backward before we changed to something else.
She kind of surprised me when she went for my cock again, this time I was laying down. Turns out she was intending to do something new for us. She got in position between my legs and lifted my thighs, but not to start sucking, she started lower than that. Her head was down low, and I was looking down as I was feeling her tongue start to lick my balls. Was she taking it too far when she started sucking on them individually as well? David was right there from the side getting a close-up of his wife, who was now rimming the neighbor guy's ass, and sucking his cock and balls. Her tongue felt so good going in and out of my asshole, I could hardly hold my legs still. Knowing her husband was watching all this made it even better.
She had gone rogue on us, she was in complete control, and enthusiastic as she was working my shaft getting it nice and slick. She then was on my knob and working her way to a swallow. I never had mine swallowed before but I knew someone could do it, she was so petite and had such a tiny mouth. She kept taking it deeper and deeper until she could take it down to where her hand was holding my shaft. I could see a bulge in her neck I assumed it was my big knob, it was more of my cock than I ever had anyone take. She held it there until her eyes started to water and she gagged a little. She had me so worked up that I had to warn her I was about to cum, and she backed off a little.
I could not hold back, and I could see the individual cum ropes blast and land on her face. She took most of it there, very little made her open mouth. It was time to stop shooting and David realized it too. As David sat down the handheld and let the stationary cam show him kissing her, my cum on her lips and all. I knew it was a cuckold, but was still shocked when he cleaned most of my cum off of her face with his mouth and tongue before wiping her face with a towel. I never would have dreamed that I would see a cuck ingest my cum that he licked off of his wife's face. That was when one of the few lines of the dialog was said by David.
"That was so fucking hot, I can't believe I did that, it was my first taste of someone else's cum. Something just came over me, it gave me an idea for maybe another video. I don't think I could suck a cock But would it not be hot for you and me to put our heads together and let him get his knob so close to our mouths as he cums in them that it looks like we both sucked him off. I don't mind the taste or texture, so feeling it shoot in me probably won't bother me either."
He was starting to scare me, and I could tell he shocked her. Did he really want to suck my dick and take my shot, but was afraid to admit it? I have seen videos just like that. I hoped he got off that subject and he did.
He told her, "I just want to watch you spread your legs for him and let him eat you out honey, he needs to taste that heavenly pussy of yours. If his tongue skills are as good as his cock skill, I am sure he will get you off. Then I can film your orgasm for us to watch later."
That was what we did, this naked mature man had his head between the legs of my young neighbor's wife trying to act like he had not been there before. I was now revealing my identity for sure, no way this could be shot any other way. I did my best to forget the situation, and that David was there naked too, shooting all this. His cock was rock hard, he stroked it whenever he could free up a hand. So it helped me relax knowing that this was turning him on like he thought it would. My view was mostly looking up and seeing her caressing her own breasts as she moaned in pleasure. I was not hitting her clit overly, as I love eating pussy, especially hers, and wanted it to last.
I have to admit I got a feeling I never had before when I felt his hand on my thigh next to my junk. I did not know what to think after what he had already done, and was surprised it gave me a feeling I never had before, and not necessarily a bad one, but scary. It let up when I realized it was not necessarily on purpose. I looked when he actually bumped it, and I think this was because he was left with no other way to steady himself to get the shot.
Once I did go to it seriously with her, I had her cumming in what seemed like not even a minute. She was so beautiful laying there getting her breath as I was back on my knees. I backed off so David could get a clear shot of just her as she came down, she was beet red from her chin to her breasts. Her pussy was so red and swollen that I just wanted to jump her right then.
We took a short break, and David and I were both stiff the whole time. After a couple of drinks, David looked at me.
He said, "I just went into a whole other place while watching you two. I liked that place, but not the feeling of no longer being in control. I like seeing your big dick so much I have to see it in her some more. So I decided if you two want to Fuck some more, you have my OK. I was not sure before it would be a good idea to have you fuck my wife, but once I saw her ride it, I knew I just had to see her take your big dick in her pussy some more. If that makes me a sick fuck, so be it. June, you don't have to act reluctant to do this or limit it time-wise. I know how much you want him, your poker face has failed you."
I did not have to be asked twice, I did not want to just jump her though. Since David had the camera I told him to keep my identity out of it as much as possible. I also said to just use the alias "Joe" if a name is needed. In order to cut down on face time, I made it more than just a fuck, I tried to make it a show by starting at her toes. Then I worked my way up slowly to her head and mouth. My cock was still really stiff as it traveled between her legs and thighs and was now pressing against her labia.
She then spoke for the video, "Fuck Me, Joe, I have been wanting that hard cock of yours ever since I rode it Daddy. When I saw that huge thing in front of my face and felt your seed hit me, I hoped someday I would get to have it buried deep in my pussy as you came."
She was playing things to the hilt, quite well I thought, I hoped she did not take it too far. I got with it, reached down to guide my cock, and pressed my knob against the opening of her welcoming pussy. I wanted it to look like the first time I took her, so I was very delicate when breaching her hole. Once I did I started stroking her very slowly. This was so different than when we had fucked this way at my place, we were being watched this time. It had been since I was about their age that I had been watched, and that was just by my wife's friends. That trill came back to me, my whole body was tingling. That feeling was familiar, even though it had been all those years since I did it. It was a feeling that you get knowing you have an attentive audience to your bliss.
I just could not believe I got to do this without any guilt, it was all her husband's idea. I had enough guilt in me from what we already did without him. I don't think I could have ever done what David was doing with his wife. But who knows, I loved her enough that if she wanted it, and the chance just came up organically to give her a threesome, I probably would have just to please her, but not as cuckold as this was.
I had my tongue deep in her mouth and was slowly fucking her at the same time. I was caught between not wanting to overdo it, and wanting to give her a good fucking they both would remember. So I paced myself as she cooed, and moaned. I tried to block David out, and it was just her and I like before. Once I was ready to get serious, I lifted her legs, I forgot how limber a young lover is. I could not believe that she could take them back so far, almost behind her head. Now I had sped up and was giving her most of it, I did not want to go for all of it until I was sure I was not going to hurt her. If I was she was not saying anything, her statements were quite the contrary.
"Oh come on Daddy, Fuck me hard, this girl loves your cock!" She made some more statements and praises, and I was not sure if they were real or for the video. But she did some, "Oh Gods," and more "Fuck Me Hards."
I looked down at her, and half wished I had the handheld, she was so precious looking, and so flushed from her chin down to her breasts. I love that look and hoped David was getting it on the video for my sake, I was going to have a copy of this one for sure. He saw her before cumming face, and I saw in my peripheral vision him coming in with the camera and catching both of our faces as she did.
I tried to act like I did not feel it coming, and did not have time to pull out, I pumped what I had left to give inside her pussy, what good is a fuck video without watching a pie form. I was kind of winded and just leaned back to get my breath as David knew to go in for the pie shot. David was really turned on, his cock showed it. Then his actions confirmed the state he was in. He set the handheld down and went in to slurp up the pie as he jerked himself. Then he really shocked me, he sped up his strokes on himself as he turned his head and took my cock in his mouth to clean it too. I can't say his initial purpose was to suck my cock, but he did hint he wanted to sometime. By then he was jerking even faster, and let go of my cock to cum on his wife.
I have to say even though it was brief, it was a first, having a guy's mouth on my cock. They say you should try everything once, I didn't by choice, but it was OK being so short I guess. I could see that June was just blown away seeing her husband with a dick coated with both of our fluids in his mouth. I think in truth, we all three were surprised.
That evening could not have been any stranger. Just the fact that we had to act like we were new was enough. I don't know if we were successful, he did not seem suspicious. I was glad it was over and hoped it was enough for him, taking a guy's shot in his mouth was about all he left out.
I still wanted her, but not like that anymore. I wanted her solo, I wanted her to be older or me younger. If she did express deep feelings for me, I don't know how I would react. I also did not want this to have a bad effect on her marriage or life in general. I was back to not wanting to be the one to make the next contact.
It was the beginning of spring, and I was looking forward to being outside and getting my flower garden weeded, well my late wifes flowers weeded and ready for the good weather. I am not as crazy about gardening, but she loved it and I was going to keep it up in her memory. I also like the privacy that I get from the bushes, trees, and plants. By July it is a private garden, my little escape from the city.
I had given the video I shot to David and June, but I did not hear from them. Every time I watched it myself, I worried that David had regrets. If not from must sharing her, but for what he did that night to me. I told myself their whole purpose was to spice things up, maybe it worked and they are busy with each other. But why did I feel left out, and slighted with her not at least contacting me?
_______________________
I ended up talking more to the neighbor on the other side of me, but again mostly just the female of the couple, Cindy. She was even younger than June, and a full-time housewife, a lost trade. Most households can't exist without two incomes, but her husband had a better-paying job than most. The job also came with the need for him to be away on business more, and her more lonely. We had great conversations, and there was no sexual tension between us. It was not because she was not sexy, it was because I was more cautious not to get ideas about her. I was not going to find another woman like June, especially a younger one. With her, I planned on being just friends. It was much easier with her, as she normally did not sunbathe like June. I did not even have much of a clue what was under those often baggy clothes she wore.
With June and I trying to keep from letting things get out of control again, she was the perfect female to have around. The way she dresses keeps me from many temptations, and Cindy did not show anything but friendship for me. I wish I could look at her without wondering what was hidden, but I am a man. I guess I had some confidence after already having someone young as June take an interest. As we seemed to get closer, I told her some stories about my marriage life that seemed to work with June, I repeat, I am a man and a horny one. I am also curious and wanted to see what was under her clothes.
One day I intercepted her coming home alone when I was working in the yard. She had a sun dress on, and I had to look twice to make sure it was her. I talked her into having a drink, it was a hot day and invited her to my garden to have it. Once we sat down, and a couple of drinks later I had the courage I needed to compliment her on her dress, and even came up with a line. "Just when I thought you could not be any prettier, you proved me wrong. I hope you don't take this wrong, but you are one attractive young woman."
She did not blush, it was like she was waiting for a chance to say something. She said, "June had told me how charming you are, she also said you know how to make a woman feel good in more ways than one. I did not have a problem reading between those lines and figuring out what the other way was. I have seen the two of you together, and had a partial view of you two getting it on in the back yard. You were at some distance, but the fact I could see your penis so well, I knew you were hung. What I am seeing now is larger than the normal bulges I see in a guys pants, especially someone your age."
Another rum punch later I could tell they were working on her. She first told me her husband is out of town at work for a few days and asked me if I would like to have dinner with her that night, that she is lonely and needs someone to talk to. It turned out to be more than the dinner, and conversation she wanted. She was the bartender after that evening. I was the one getting drinks purposely too strong. She was in a sundress, but a more sexy one, shorter and with string shoulder straps. I don't think she would wear that in public. She bent over once on purpose to show me she had little if anything on underneath. I wondered how much June had told her about us. She had nerve, as later that evening she just came out and asked me if she could pull off my shorts and see my cock up close, since she had already seen it anyway. I was shocked, but I was getting bolder with these young women. I said, "Show me something private first, I am an old guy and I don't want to be the aggressor."
She said, I thought I already did, thought I gave you a brief view of my vagina when I bent over. Then she lifted the spaghetti straps on her sundress, then let it drop. She had nothing at all on under it, top or bottom. She was then showing me that she was not conservative down there. She had a beautiful young bald vagina, and had her clit hood pierced. I did not wait for her to make another move, I got naked right there in front of her, and then pulled her close and put her hand on my cock. Yes, it was out that I was hung, and being older I was forced to use that one edge I had over these two husbands. It is something I would have liked to have realized in my teens. I was very modest about showing it even in gym. I thought I was freakish, and had no idea girls liked big cocks, I thought that was fiction.
I decided why play childish games? She was an adult even though she was young. At first, I could feel her tiny hand as she was just barely able to wrap around it. She had this look of joy and amazement as she was squeezing it, and he finished growing stiff. She went down to her knees, and held it as she licked and put her tiny mouth over it. I looked down and saw her for the petite young beauty she is. She looked up then Cindy lifted my hard cock to show me it was as long as her head was tall. Then she started getting more serious with her licking of it, oh what a view it was. Being a young hot girl like her, I could feel every beat of my heart as she handled my manhood.
Her body was so perfect, with no flaws, no fat to be found anywhere she was a hard body! A 20-something hard body that wanted to be fucked by this old man or she would not have asked to see his cock. I just wish this cock of mine would have served me this well when I was her age. This younger generation seems to have different ideas about sex, thankfully casual sex, and big cocks are important to them.
I was so hard I felt like I was her age, I remembered those young hardons, and this one felt and looked like one. It impressed her enough that once she had my cock nice and slick she made me lay on my back. She looked like a kid who had just seen her first jungle gym on a playground, and just could not wait to climb on it, and did. She had a sexy smile on her face when she was looking down into my eyes and lowered her pussy down to my knob. She looked like she was just sitting on top of it, and she was. I could feel her opening trying to accept my knob. She was so petite she did not have enough body weight to make it penetrate her. I never had a problem like this before, so I grabbed her by her waist to help pull her down on it. She had my cock so slick that once it did, her pussy found room for almost all of it.
The look on her face was of surprise at the depth my knob achieved on entry. Her whole body quivered just from the feel of it. Then she looked back up, and her look now was so precious. She never had anyone close to my size that deep inside her she told me. She said she loved my cock, and I did not say it but I loved her tight young pussy. Her young firm breasts were right there in front of my eyes as they started to move with her strokes. I would have thought the interest that June had shown my cock would have prepared me for this, but it didn't. This was different in a lot of ways, the biggest one was that it was so sudden.
The best was yet to come, once she got done riding me she started throwing all these new positions on me. Like grabbing her leg, pulling them up so her tiny body was in a little ball with her pussy sticking out. I found out later that she was a champion Gymnast in High School and college. She started using pieces of furniture like a pummel horse or parallel bars to get into some positions then. It made me wonder if the college girls and male gymnasts did this after practice. I swear, at one point she had her right leg up, and almost behind the left side of her head. Most of these positions made her pussy handy though. I had a hard time getting my body to cooperate to fuck her in a couple that it was not. It made me think I need to take something up like Yoga for beginners.
I thought, (What did I fall into, I am so glad I did not move when my wife passed. I wonder if maybe she was looking out for me. She loved to fuck, and maybe she was watching this for old-time sake.)
She made it clear where she wanted my spunk, as I was on top of her. Her legs were tucked behind her head and her arms stretched out to keep her position. So I pumped every bit of cum I had available in her. That tiny pussy on a tiny girl was overflowing.
Once we got our breath we wrapped things up, and I went home.
I was a little disappointed I did not get her off, but I guess they say to leave them wanting more if you want them to come back, and I did.