Alice sat on the edge of the bed and took a deep breath. She knew she was in danger of exposing herself again, and the mixture of excitement and fear was intense. She was already naked. She was in a hotel room, an average hotel room in the little hotel where she worked. A large curtained window covered one end of the room, the vanity counter at the other end; the bed was about half way between. The vanity was a large well-lit mirror; the mirror went all the way from wall to wall and up to the ceiling. The vanity counter had a sink, and Alice had put a bottle of baby lotion on it. The only thing out of the ordinary on the counter was the printed sheet of instructions which Paul had sent to her.
The instructions, opened when she went to change the bed linen in an empty room, had been both clear and devastating: Alice was to slightly open the door, strip naked and wait for 3 minutes to pass. Then she would start the show.
Her heart thumped as she heard footsteps and saw a guest pass by the open door! She vaguely recognised him from the previous day. The guy looked like he was about 30. He was wearing a shirt and tie, probably a salesman of some sort, or a manager of some sort at a convention. His had looked tired; until now he'd probably been resigned to a long boring day. She turned slightly away so it looked like she hadn't noticed him. If he had seen anything, she prayed that he would take her for a careless guest and not recognise her as the girl on the reception desk.
The three minutes were up and Alice heard the soft step of the man coming stealthily back to the door. She was glad that she couldn't see the guy watching her; it helped her pretend that her games hadn't just gone too far. She walked over to the curtain and parted it about six inches, letting light in from outside. The corridor outside the room was quite dark, Alice having deliberately loosened a bulb. This would allow the voyeur to feel secure in the gloom, but watch everything inside.
She sat down on the stool at the vanity and reached for the bottle of lotion. She imagined the man telling himself that he should move on, but the sight of a pretty naked brunette freezing him there. Alice heard a soft whisper of breathing which confirmed that she had a voyeur. She squeezed some lotion out of the bottle and spread it across her shoulder and chest. Her breasts filled her shaking hands, and she gave them extra attention. Every time she stroked her hands across them, she made sure they swayed back and forth. She applied the lotion to her stomach and tops of her thighs before turning it up a notch. Paul had been very specific about the things she had to do before she could dress or close that door.
She stood up and squirted more lotion out on her hands. With her back to the door, she bent over at the waist and put one knee up on the stool. Standing on one leg with her rear in the air, she started to apply the lotion to her firm, round ass. Alice rubbed both cheeks, taking plenty of time so that the show would last. After a couple of minutes of that, she parted her legs and liberally squirted a stream of lotion around her anus and directly behind it. She slid her fingers up and down her slit and ass. After rubbing the lotion in, she took her middle finger and made a couple of passes over her hard clit. She could have orgasmed, driven to the edge by fear, pleasure and humiliation, but she held off; permission to come would be granted later if her efforts were judged worthy. It was time for the grand finale, the part that would terrify her even more than opening the door in the first place. Now completely committed, she quickly turned on her heels and looked her voyeur right in the eye. He gaped at her, guiltily, an erection straining his trousers. Before he could speak or try to get away, she smiled pleasantly and walked slowly over to him, hands by her sides to afford him a perfect view of her own arousal. Then, a fresh blush spreading across her face, she wished him a pleasant day -- as if nothing was wrong - and gently closed the door in his face, gratefully locking it. The ordeal was over...provided that he didn't recognise her with her hair tied back and her clothes on later!