I left for work the following morning after kissing my sleeping sister, and whispering, "I love you," in her ear. She looked so perfectly beautiful as she lay there deep in slumber. This morning, only her pert breasts were exposed, and I stopped to soak in the radiance of her beauty before hesitantly leaving for the day. At least it would be another short day. I don't have a lot to do today, but still have to go to the site to take some notes, and log my findings. As I stood gazing at her, I couldn't help but feel those butterflies, as I pondered just how much I love this beauty lying before me.
Around noon, I had finished capturing the notes I needed, and headed back to the condo to get on VPN, and log what needed to be logged. I walked in the door to find my sister wearing the shirt I had worn the day before. She was seated on the couch reading something on my iPad, the TV creating subtle distraction in the background. My shirt was open with, so Sarah's perfect breasts were on full display. Her feet rested on the coffee table, and her legs were gapped open, exposing her freshly shaven puffy lips. I could just eat her alive. Literally.
"Hey, baby!" She said, as she jumped to her feet to come and greet me.
"Well hello," I replied, stretching my arms wide to embrace her.
The shirt trailed behind her swift movement, and I grew erect at the site of the exposure. Her firm titties bounced only slightly as she approached, and jumped into my arms. I caught her, and grasped her thighs as she wrapped legs around me. I held her close there in the entry, and kissed with a passion that would curl anyone's toes. Her stiff nipples pressed into my chest as we made out.
"I missed you," Sarah told me.
"Oh, sweetheart. I missed you, too! What's with the shirt," I asked, still holding my mostly naked sister in my arms.
"I could smell you on it, and wanted you close."
"Awe," I replied, and kissed her again.
"Kiss my nipples," Sarah said, and lifted herself up higher to make it easier for me. I took one in my mouth, and sucked gently. Her head went back, which lifted her tits even higher for me to love on.
"God I love that," she said, lowering back down on my waist. "Will you fuck my boobs again later?"
"Sure thing, love. I have some work to do first, but I promise you that I'll fuck your 'boobs' again later when I'm done." I loved hearing her call her amazing breasts her boobs. It was so adorable.
"I'm hungry," Sarah said. "Want me to make us some lunch?"
"Sure, baby! That sounds great."
"Anything special you want?"
I felt like that was a loaded question. There she was, the most beautiful woman I had ever seen, standing there with her breasts only partially covered, and her smooth, moist pussy peeking out from between the flaps of my shirt. Honestly, I'd eat her right now, but I seriously have to get this information in.
"I'd love to eat you," I told her. "Whatever you're having is fine," I told her, as she stood blushing at my comment.
I watched as my sexy little nymph busied herself in the kitchen, making us grilled chicken sandwiches. Her cute little tush peeked out from beneath the shirt as she bent over or reached up for things. My cock was spewing precum into my pants. I had elected to go commando today, so a significant wet spot was appearing on my khakis. I left the erotic site before me, and went to the bedroom to get comfortable. Now, that meant disrobing completely. As I walked back to the dining room where my computer was, my bouncing penis flung strings of its viscous fluids all over my legs, and the occasional bounce had strings wrapping their way around my shaft. I was plenty wet and ready for action by the time I made it to the dining room. I sat on the wooden chair, and opened my laptop. This was going to be challenging, since I was so worked up. My cock flowed juices down onto my balls, and pooled under them as I sat there attempting to work.
I pushed my work aside when Sarah came in to serve me lunch. We ate quietly, her reading the iPad, and me trying to keep my fingers on the keyboard. She knew I was needing to finish working, and allowed it so I could turn my attention to her later on. Just a couple of hours later, I finished. Sarah had returned to the couch in a similar position as when I came home earlier. She was lost in her own little world, and didn't even notice that I had finished, and put my computer away. My cock stiffened again as I saw her sitting there with her legs and shirt both opened up. I sneaked into the living room, literally crawling. I crawled from the hallway to where she sat, my cock leaking a trail as I went. Sarah gasped as I reached her, and covered her pretty pussy with my mouth. She came immediately when I pushed my tongue up inside of her silky snatch. I fucked her tight pussy with my tongue, and drank of the fluids that flowed from within her. I looked up at her, and watched as her back arched, and her breasts quivered as she came. She finally came down, and released her legs that had tightened against my head. Her pussy tasted so delicious, and I continued to consume the remaining moisture that she gave me.
My penis ached and throbbed, needing the touch that only my little sister could provide. Sarah started to slide down off the couch. I pushed the coffee table back with my ass to accommodate the needed space. Her dripping pussy landed straight on my rod, engulfing me as she settled to her knees. She pulled me to her and kissed me as she reached down between us to feel where we joined. I pulled out some so she could get her hand around my penis. I remained partially inside of her pussy as she started stroking me with her hand. The motion stimulated her clit, and she came again. Her breath was ragged in my mouth as our lips just touched while she experienced her orgasm.
"J, I want your cum on my boobs," she reminded me.
I pulled out, her hand still grasping me firmly. She leaned back on the couch, offering her wonderful breasts to me. Sarah never released my penis, and she squeezed in pulses as I raised myself up over her body. Each squeeze brought forth globs of precum that coated her body as I got into position over her. I stepped up, and let my cock drip into her open mouth. I lowered it to her lips and let her drink from the source. My sister greedily drank my precum as if flowed from my pole. My legs started shaking as my orgasm drew near. Sensing it, Sarah directed my penis towards her pert breasts just as I erupted. She stroked me strongly, coaxing cum from me, slathering her tits with the sticky fluid. Burst after steaming burst shot from my tip, and thoroughly coated my sisters breasts. It flowed between them, all the way to her spread pussy, and dripped from her nipples. She smiled up at me as she stroked my still-swollen penis, coaxing all she could from me. As my bursts subsided, she leaned up and took my penis into her mouth, and sucked the remaining drops from me.
"I love the taste of your cum, J. Can I have some more?"
"Baby, I have to get back to work," I replied, needing to get back, but not wanting to rob her of her desire.
"Ok," Sarah replied, seemingly broken-hearted.
I looked down at my sister, her body flushed, and glistening with sperm. I leaned down to kiss her lips, then reluctantly returned to my computer. I sat at the table, and noticed that Sarah was toying with the sperm that coated her luscious tits. She was scooping up my potent seed, and bringing it to her mouth. Her eyes never left me. My cock remained solid, and the site of her consuming my sperm from her body made me stay hard. I glanced at her occasionally as I worked, and noted that she was still staring at me. I watched as she crawled across the floor towards me.
"Sarah, what are you doing," I asked.
No reply. Her firm ass in the air, and her nipples pointed at the floor, she continued to crawl towards me. Sarah reached me, and crawled under the table. As I continued typing, trying desperately to focus, I felt her hot mouth envelop my aching dick. She remained on all-fours, and sucked me as I worked. I spread my legs, and scooted down slightly. I felt my penis pass my sister's tonsils, and rest deeply embedded in her throat. It was then that Sarah started to hum. She knows this drive me crazy. I have no idea the tune she hummed, and it didn't matter. All I know is that I was soon depositing another load of cum down my sister's eager throat. She pulled off enough to let me finish shooting in her mouth, but never dislodging me from her lips. She sucked gently as I came in her mouth, and when I had finished, she swallowed every drop. She stopped only long enough to tell me she loves the taste of my cum, but immediately returned to sucking me.
My spent cock softened just slightly, and I returned to my work as best I could with it still in her hot mouth. Sarah rested her head on my thigh, and kept sucking my cock. She wasn't sucking eagerly, but gently and lovingly. Since I had softened a bit, I could feel her working the head across her tongue, using the same action a baby would with a pacifier. The feeling made me grow harder, but I tried to concentrate on work. I only had a little bit left to do, then I could be done. My penis ached as it grew harder still. I had just came twice, once on my sisters soft breasts, and once in her mouth. I felt my balls grow up tight against my body, and knew I was about to inject her wanton mouth with more semen. Finally, I finished my last email, and hit send. I pushed my laptop back, and leaned back in my chair just as I started to cum for a third time. Sarah continued to rest her head on my thigh as I pumped her mouth full of cum yet again. My cock throbbed in her mouth, her hot lips about half way down the length. My exhausted balls couldn't keep up with her hunger, but I did my best to satisfy her desire once more. I felt her gulp the mouthful of sperm down her throat, swallowing my protein into her stomach.
"Baby, I'm finished working. Can we sit for a while?"
"Sure, J," she replied, popping my spend rod from her mouth. I admired the way she looked, still covered in drying semen. "Let me get cleaned up."
I followed her to the bathroom, and wet a wash cloth with warm water. I gently wiped my seed from her naked body, as she watched lovingly. She knew I adored her so, and I could see the love in her eyes as I bathed her. I dried her with a hand towel, and kissed her. I pulled her to me, and pressed her hot, nude body against my own.
"Want to go get some sun," I asked. "We've been cooped up in here most of the day."
"Yes!" She happily said.
I watched as her sweet little ass made its way to the back door. Not even looking around now, she plopped herself down on the couch swing on the patio, and leaned back, clearly satisfied. ]
"Can I bring you a drink," I asked her, as I watched her lean back, and spread her legs open getting comfortable.
"Please," she replied. "Sweet tea?"
"I'll be right there."
My dick was so sore from fucking my sister, and cumming in her mouth so much, but as she sat there in the bright sunlight with her body on display, I started to grow hard again. I was lost in thought, and completely forgot about getting us drinks briefly. My dripping penis led me around the kitchen as I prepared our drinks before finally joining my naked sister on the patio. I found her sleeping, as she basked in the sunlight. I carefully set our drinks on the end table, and stood watching her sleep. She looked so peaceful and sexy sitting there, and I couldn't help but think how lucky I was to have her. I watched her breathing slowly, her breasts rising and falling with each breath. I eyes wandered down to her perfectly bare snatch, just sitting there waiting for attention. Gently, so as not to wake Sarah, I knelt between her spread legs. She woke as soon as my tongue touched her puffy outer lips. Our eyes met, and she watched as I parted her lips with my tongue as I pushed it inside of her delicate folds. My mouth covered her pussy wholly, and I scooped her juices out into my mouth, devouring her steaming snatch. She spread her legs even wider, and pulled her legs up under her, her feet pulled tightly against her ass. Her hands found their way to her breasts, and she molested herself as I ate her vagina out. She started moaning, and bucking slightly, and I felt her cunt grip my invading tongue. I knew she was going to cum.
I withdrew from her honey hole, and inserted three fingers inside. When I did, she came violently. She thrust her hips up, almost falling from the couch. Her pussy sprayed me with her hot fluids as I fingered my sister's cunt through her powerful orgasm. Each time she thrust her hips towards me, she sprayed me. I was coated with her sweet juices, as were the insides of her legs. As she came down, her feet went back to the ground, and her soaked pussy lay splayed open before me. Sarah's hands remained on her breasts as I leaned in to lick her juices from her. She was spent, and sat there breathing deeply, unable to move. Once I had cleaned her pussy, I joined her on the couch. Immediately, she came to me to lick her juices from my face and chest. Like a kitten, she lapped at her juices, cleaning them from me with her tongue.
Finally, she sat beside me, thoroughly satisfied, but exhausted. I put my arm around her, and held her close. The puddle of her juices dried below us as we just sat. I caressed her body as she lay against me in the sun. We both dozed, only to be roused by the temperature dropping from the setting sun. Sarah pulled her legs up, and nuzzled against me for warmth, as we sat watching the setting sun. It was still warm out, but our sleep made us somewhat chilled.
"Are you hungry, baby girl," I asked.
"Not at all. I ate so much cum, I think I can skip dinner tonight."
"Me, too. Want to take a walk on the beach tonight?"
"Yes! Do I have to wear clothes?"
"No, baby. If you don't want to wear clothes, you don't have to."
Satisfied, she snuggled back agains me. "When can we go?"
"Whenever you're ready, love."
"Can we go now," she asked, sitting up and looking at me excitedly.
"You don't want to wait until it's dark?"
"I don't care if someone sees us. Let's go."
We got up, and went into the house to get some towels. We locked up, and I put the key on a band around my ankle. Together, we headed naked to the beach. We arrived to find a few people out there still, but it was relatively deserted. A couple in the distance were lying on the sand making out, and it appeared to be our neighbors, who had seen us naked a couple of times before. He had his hand down her bikini bottom, and was very obviously delving into her pussy as they kissed passionately.
Sarah asked me, "are you rested?"
"What do you mean?"
"I mean, can you make love to me again?"
"Here and now?"
"Well, not necessarily this very moment, but here on the beach."
"Sure, my love. We can do that."
We walked on towards our neighbors, but kept a bit of distance between us. They were by now the only ones remaining as far as we could see. It was getting darker, so we couldn't see far, so it was unknown if we would see anyone else. As we passed by, the saw us.
"Hey," the woman called out, recognizing us. "You're our neighbors, right?"
We approached them, having been recognized. They had already seen us naked, so it was nothing for us to let them see us again.
"Beautiful night for a stroll, right?" I asked as we stood next to them.
"It is, but I never imagined doing it naked," the man replied. "You guys aren't worried about getting caught?"
"Not really," I started. "At least not anymore. I mean, when we first started doing this, but it's just natural now."
I watched as the woman sat watching us, and started absentmindedly rubbing her pussy. My cock was already almost fully erect, having been in the presence of my naked sister, and started to rise to full, and leak its silky fluids. The longer we stood there, the more I flowed,
"You guys are brother and sister, right," the woman asked.
"We are," Sarah stated with confidence.
"And you're comfortable being naked with each other? God, that's hot," she said.
"Yes, we are," Sarah said. "And a lot more."
"What do you mean," the man asked, clearly wanting us to continue.
Sarah grasped my dripping penis, and turned to kiss me. We made out in front of our neighbors on the beach. The sat watching as we kissed, my hands cupping her ass and pulling her close. She got close enough to me that our genitals touched. Sarah rubbed my slippery rod up and down her steamy snatch, melding our juices.
We stopped kissing, and turned to look at our friends on the beach. Sarah continued stroking my penis, having plentiful lubrication. Our neighbors just sat there with their mouths open, the woman still playing with her pussy, but now her hand down her bikini bottom. The man had an obvious erection now, his trunks tented.
He stammered, "so you guys...you guys have sex?"
"Fuck, that's hot," the woman said. "Out in the open, too?"
Sarah pulled me into an erotic embrace again. As we kissed, she gently pushed me back, encouraging me to sit. I sat, and she joined me. She got down on all fours, and took my penis into her mouth. The woman now toyed with her breasts, and the man rubbed his cock through his trunks. My sister sucked my penis slow and purposefully. She stopped briefly to look at the woman and answer her question.
"Yes," Sarah breathed, and returned to sucking my throbbing penis.
Our neighbors didn't say anything, but continued to watch my sister eagerly sucking her brother's cock. Sarah stopped, and pushed me back. I lay down, and she straddled me. The woman watching scrambled over to see what was about to happen, and took up a viewpoint between my open legs. She watched as my sister grasped my dripping rod, and guided it into her soaking wet pussy. The man had his hand down his trunks now, stroking himself. The woman watched intently as my sister's pussy devoured my penis. She was in utter shock as Sarah started riding me. Her tits jiggled as she pumped my pole, and I pulled her down so I could suck on them. The woman came to our side, right close to us, and got a close-up view of me sucking on my sister's delectable breasts. I pulled on Sarah's ass, spreading her cheeks open for the man to look at while we made love in front of them.
As we continued to put on a sexy show for our neighbors, the man pushed his pants down, and was now openly masturbating to us. The woman was on the other side of us, and pulled the ties on her bikini top, letting her small but perky tits free. She looked sexy with the bikini just hanging on, with her breasts fully exposed beneath the loosed fabric. She pulled the bottoms to the side, and frantically jammed three fingers into her snatch. Sarah smiled down at me as I looked at the woman, but kept sucking on her tits.
"Put it in my ass," Sarah said, as she got off of me.
I got behind her, and lined up. My cock was spurting gobs of precum onto her bum, and I pressed my head between her firm cheeks, and got her well lubricated to accept me. The woman knelt beside us, and watched closely as I pressed my tip against my sister's hole. When my head popped into her rectum, the man came. He pulled on his cock, and came all over himself. Exhausted, he lay there watching us. The woman pulled her bikini off completely, and openly masturbated as my penis went fully into Sarah's butthole. Her fingers pummeled her snatch in rhythm to my strokes into Sarah's tight ass.
"You should see how much he cums," Sarah panted as I pounded her ass.
"Can I see," the woman asked.
"Cum on her," Sarah told me.
"Really," I asked, unable to believe my ears.
"Yes," the woman and Sarah said at the same time.
I looked at the man, and he just nodded his approval. He was still spent, and lazily toyed with his spent penis.
I pumped Sarah's ass, and reached down to grab her swinging tits. Her nipples dragged into the sand as I fucked her. I humped her like a dog until I was about to blow. I pulled out of her ass, and she collapsed into the sand. I stood, and the woman watcher raised up on her knees, and pressed her breasts together. Sarah turned onto her side to watch me cum on the woman. I stepped closer to her, and stroked my still dripping penis briefly before it exploded all over her. The first few shots hit her in the face, so I aimed lower to coat her breasts. I came shot after hot shot onto her body, thoroughly coating her from face to pussy. My cum dripped down her belly onto her pussy, before dripping onto the sand. Before I could stop, Sarah came to me and took me into her mouth again, letting me finish off in her mouth. The woman rubbed my cum into her body as she watched me cum in Sarah's mouth, and she ate it all.
Cum remnants and precum still flowing from my penis, I held my hand out to my sister to help her stand. The woman wearing my semen looked up at us with glazed over eyes, and thanked us as Sarah and I walked hand-in-hand to the water to rinse the sand and sex from our bodies.
"When will we see you again?" The woman asked.
"We're leaving tomorrow, so we'll have to look you up next time we're in town."
Sarah and I waded out into the water, just past waist-deep. The silver moon laid a glistening streak across the water, and I pulled my sister to me. We embraced, and I kissed her deeply. Her arms were around my neck, and her naked perky breasts pressed into my chest. Our tongues danced in each other's mouths, and I couldn't help but think about how in love I am with this beauty before me. Breaking our embrace, and stepping back slightly, I took in what I could see of my naked sister, bathed in the pale moonlight, her body glistening from the water. My eyes wandered up her exposed body from the water, then up between her firm breasts, taking time to note how her nipples were perfectly placed and standing erect from the perfect form of her tits. Gradually, I lifted my gaze to her beautiful face, and I saw that she was smiling. Finally, our eyes met. I looked at her smiling face, knowing that she was reading me as I admired her perfect body. I stared into her eyes as the moonlight reflected from them, and my mouth opened slightly as though I wanted to say something, but I had no words.
"I love you, too, J," Sarah whispered as she stepped back to me and we kissed again, as passionate lovers. She knew what I was thinking. Our souls were connected. The feeling was real, and we were deeply in love with each other, and it grew stronger every day. I ran my hands lightly up and down Sarah's wet back as brother and sister held an erotic embrace, standing naked in the sea together. I knew I would never let this love go, and she knew she was mine forever. If I could marry her, I would. I knew that when we got home, there was no way I could contain my love for her, and would have to tell our family of our situation. We are brother and sister, but we are lovers. I was ready to tell them, and I started mentally preparing myself for how it might happen.
"Take me home, J," Sarah said. I took her hand, and we made our way back to our condo across the now empty beach. We held hands a lovers, and strolled slowly back. My cock grew hard again as I thought about my sister walking naked beside me. It bobbed as we walked, and I saw Sarah look at it and smile as we went along. We reached our back patio, and Sarah sat on the lounger as I took a towel to wipe the remaining sand from her feet. After I had cleaned my own, we went inside to shower, and rinse the salty sea from our bodies.
After we had showered, I helped my sister into bed, and tucked her in. She sat up with her breasts exposed, and read a book on my iPad while I started gathering our things, preparing to head back home tomorrow. She looked so beautiful sitting there, I found it challenging to focus on packing our things. I picked out a short white sun dress for my sister to wear home, and a pair of casual shorts and t-shirt for me. I hated the thought of her having to ever get dressed again, but the dress I selected would certainly allow her to maintain the exposure she so desperately has come to embrace.
Finally finished packing, I crawled into bed beside my sister lover. I pulled the blankets back enough to expose my erect penis for her to use as her pacifier, but she shook her head, and told me she wanted me inside of her tonight. She turned off the iPad and lamp, and snuggled against me. We lay spooning, her head on my arm. My leaking cock nestled in between her luscious cheeks, and I pushed gently against her rectum. I wrapped my other arm around her, and cupped her breasts, gently toying with her nipples. As my cock spewed copious amounts of precum between her cheeks and against her puckered hole, I started to gently push. Ever so slowly, I pushed my way up insider of her bowels, my swollen balls coming to rest against her soft tush. Sarah pulled my hand away from her tits, and took my thumb into her mouth. Tonight, she would suck on my thumb to go to sleep, while my cock was firmly planted inside of her perfect ass. Sarah flexed her muscles around me, teasing me as I remained still inside of her. Fighting sleep and allowing herself pleasure, she started gently moving her hips as she worked me with her rectal muscles. Eventually, I couldn't hold back anymore, and pushed further up inside of her, and coated her insides with my sperm. Sarah released my thumb so she could breathe, as her own orgasm matched mine. Her body shook with pure bliss as I basted her insides with my semen. Having my hand back, I again reached for her breasts. As I found her nipples, I tugged gently. Her back arched away from me as I played with her tits, and continued pumping seed inside of her.
When we had finished cumming together, I pulled Sarah back against me. I started to withdraw my cock from it's delicate confines, but Sarah reached behind me, and pulled me back to her. Knowingly, I got myself comfortable, only letting myself come out of her ass slightly. I couldn't sleep while forcing myself to remain inside of her, so I just got as close as I could, and stayed inside of her as far as possible. Satisfied, Sarah again took my thumb into her mouth. I felt her breathing deepen as she drifted off to sleep. I kissed her shoulder, and whispered that I love her. I lay close to her, and breathed the scent of her hair as I drifted off to sleep myself, my penis only slightly softening as it stayed rooted up my sister's ass.
We both slept soundly that night. When I woke the next morning, my penis had slipped from my sister's ass, but remained snug between her perfect cheeks. Realizing that, it grew hard again. Morning wood, I guess, and I knew I had to piss. Still, my erection grew, and pressed against Sarah's puckered hole again. Slowly waking from my movement, Sarah stretched to push off her peaceful rest. I started to move away to go take a leak, but Sarah wanted my warmth against her.
"I have to pee, baby," I told her.
"Just hold it a little while longer," she said. "I want to snuggle for a little while longer."
I caressed her naked body as my cock started its usual draining of precum between her cheeks. After a short time, I reminded her that I needed to piss, and it was becoming desperate.
"Just push it inside me," she suggested. "Maybe that will make the feeling go away."
Thinking that I might as well not let a good boner go to waste, I pulled away from her ass. I wanted to get inside her tight little pussy. Scooting down, I aligned myself with her most delicate entry. Sensing what I was after, Sarah pulled her legs up, and let me have my way. I teased the head of my cock around her entrance, letting is just slide between her moist lips.
"Make love to me, J," Sarah pleaded, panting with arousal. I eased myself into her delicate folds, and started slowly pumping myself in and out of her.
"Deeper..." Sarah moaned.
I pulled out, and repositioned. Sarah stayed lying on her side, and I lifted her upper leg over my shoulder, and re-entered her steamy snatch from a sort of sideways position. She was spread so wide, I was deeper into her cunt than I had been in a long time. Holding onto her leg, I thrusted into her repeatedly, my cock banging against her cervix. I pushed past it, and kept pounding her. Sarah's hands came up to her breasts, which shook with my every thrust, and she squeezed them as she gave her body to me wholly. She looked so very sexy, lying before me, so prone, and allowing her brother to violate her sopping pussy. Since I was maintaining a piss hard-on, I was able to hold of cumming for quite some time. I fucked my sister's pussy in this position until my knees would no longer support me.
I lay on my back, and Sarah, eager to have me back inside of her, climbed on top of me. She immediately sank her snatch down onto my rigid pole. She didn't hesitate for a second, and rode me hard and fast. She was squatting over me, and I held her legs to help support her, and watched as my cock was devoured by her wonderful tight little pussy. I reached one hand to her breasts and gently rubbed them. I lifted their weight, and let them drop gently. They are so firm, and there was no bounce. When I pinched one of her nipples, she came. She came so hard, she had to stop riding me. She hovered over me, my penis just barely within her puffy lips. She squirted her hot juices onto my abdomen before dropping to her knees, and enveloping my cock back inside of her. She collapsed her petite body on top of me, literally crumbling into me. I held her tight, and let her recover from her powerful orgasm. As I caressed her back and enjoyed the feeling of her tits mashed against my chest, she slowly started to let her hips rise and fall. She stayed crumpled against me, only allowing her hips to rise and fall, slowly fucking me. I reached down and tickled her asshole as she rode me, and when I pushed a finger inside of her, she froze, and came again. I felt her juices flowing onto me again, soaking my swollen balls. Feeling her hot juices sent me over the edge finally, and I basted her womb with my incestuous seed. My cum rocketed up my shaft, and raced to its new home deep inside of my sister's sexy body. I withdrew slightly as I came, and pushed up into her as far as I could, wanting as much of my cum to stay inside my sister as possible.
My hips dropped once I had cum, and Sarah matched it. She sank her sticky, cum-filled pussy down onto me, and we both completely slumped. My cock continued to throb and twitch inside of her as we recovered.
Sarah raised her head and looked into my eyes, and said, "you just came in your sister's pussy again."
I smiled broadly at her, never getting tired of hearing how taboo it is that we're fucking each other. I pulled her to me, we kissed passionately. Sarah raised up slightly, and let her nipples drag across my chest as we kissed.
"I smell like someone just fucked me," Sarah said, sitting up on me, my cock still inside of her. "And you still need to pee," she giggled.
"I just fucked you, you gorgeous minx, and yes, I do still need to pee!"
I playfully tossed her off of me, my cock slapping against my stomach as it was suddenly expelled from her vagina. I jumped up and headed for the bathroom to finally relieve myself. Sarah came in, and messed with her hair while I stood pissing. With that erotic beauty always naked around me, it's a wonder I was ever flaccid. I finished up, and we showered together to wash of the scent of forbidden behavior. Sarah donned her dress I selected for her, and I couldn't help but note how amazingly beautiful she looked in it. It had been quite some time since I had seen her in clothing that actually covered her perfect body, but it was still what I preferred. I knew the dress wouldn't be on her long, though. We grabbed our things, and loaded the car. We were both excited to get back home, and live as lovers in our home. As we drove to the airport, Sarah quietly masturbated beside me. She was naked beneath her dress, so when she put her feet up on the dash, her dress slipped up and fully exposed her pussy. I reached over and exposed her breasts, and played with them as she toyed with her clit, sliding her fingers up and down between her ever-moist pussy lips.
I knew she was doing it just to tease me, and as I watched, my mind once again drifted to the fact that this barely-dressed, perfect in every way woman beside me was my sister, my lover, my soul mate. I could feel my heart draw closer to hers, and fall even deeper in love with her. It wasn't just that was have amazing sex together. We complete each other. I don't wish to call her a trophy, but rather, I would say that I'm the luckiest guy in the world. Sarah completes me, and I complete her. We fit together perfectly in every way. Mentally, physically, and sexually. She is the best thing that has ever happened to me, and I will never let her go.