[Author's Note: All characters in this story are 18 years or older.]
Holly-Cam
Part-3
I admit that I had butterflies in my stomach as I waited for Holly to answer the video call on my phone, the next morning.
After theHellopleasantries, Holly smiled impishly, and said, "So, did you enjoy our little porn video?"
"Hell, yeah!" I answered, relieved that we weren't going to have to play some beat-around-the-bush game before getting to the obvious main subject.
"Did you jerk off watching us?"
"No, actually," I answered.
"You're kidding! Really?" she replied.
"The two of you were so frigging hot that I knew if I so much as touched my dick I'd blow a load in ten seconds," I told her. "I actually had a completely hands-free orgasm! First time in my life, except for maybe a wet-dream in my teens! And it was fucking awesome! I did jerk off to a second orgasm, after that, though." I paused a moment, and added, "And another one this morning. I'm actually glad I have to be at work all day to give my dick a chance to recover."
She laughed, and said, "Well, I'm glad it had the desired effect!"
"Hell, yeah!" I repeated. "But frankly, babe, I have to tell you that I'm kind of surprised—andveryrelieved—that I'm not in a world of shit."
"Oh, you were when I first found that camera!" she replied. "I was pissed! I thought to myself,How dare he spy on me!and then,Does he really think I'm going to start screwing around because he's gone for two weeks? What the hell happened to our trust?"
"I'm really sorry, babe!" I groveled. "That wasn't the point at all. It was really all about my voyeur fetish thing. I freaking love watching you get yourself off, babe, and I hoped that ..."
"I figured that out ... with Sandy's help," Holly said, interrupting the apology I had rehearsed in my head. "She got me to see what your motivation for putting the camera there probably really was."
"Well, I'm glad she got you to see the light, of course," I said, "but how exactly did Sandy get involved?"
"Starting at the beginning," she explained, "I had knocked something off my dresser, and had to pull it away from the wall to get it. When I pushed it back, it hit the wall pretty hard, and that little statue I have up there on one of the shelves bobbled around and ended up pretty close to the edge. So I went and got a stool, climbed up, and moved it back. While I was up there I happened to notice the camera tucked neatly behind our anniversary photo with its tiny lens poking through the lattice design of the frame.
"Like I said, I waspissed! And just then Sandy knocked on the door. I showed it to her, and she listened as I unload my anger at you.
"Finally, she said, 'Didn't you tell me that Ted's a voyeur? That he likes to masturbate while he watches you get yourself off?'"
"Youtoldher that?" I said.
"It's a good thing for you that I did," she replied with a chuckle, "or this conversation might be going a lot differently ... and you wouldn't have had that video to jerk off to last night."
"True! I'll have to remember to thank her ... on many levels," I said.
"So, once she got me calmed down and seeing that the camera as essentially an endearing thing—in a weird sort of way—the idea of it began to actually turn me on.
"It always makes me hot when I watchyouwatchmeget myself off," she went on. "It make me hot just to watch you jerking off—there's a little voyeur in me too, I guess—but knowing that I'm thepornthat has your cock hard and that you're going to blow a load from just watching me lights my pussy right on fire!"
"I actually didn't know that," I said.
"I never really thought about it, myself," Holly replied. "Then when I told Sandy about that night before you left, when you were pretending that she was outside watching us fuck, and you were telling me what she was doing—getting all naked, fingering her pussy, and squeezing her big tits—and how frigging hot it made me, she pointed out that I'm obviously an exhibitionist, too."
"I didn't know you told her about our love-making," I said.
"I never did, before, but the subject was sort of on the table after we talked about why you had set up the camera," Holly said. Then she added with a little laugh, "Plus, there was half a bottle of wine involved by that time."
"So, had you and Sandy ever, you know, done that before?" I said, finally asking the question that had been at the top of my list since last night.
"Done what?" she asked with an innocent, curious look on her face looking back from my phone.
"You know; had sex together," I said.
"You'll have to be more specific," she replied with that impish grin.
I laughed, finally catching on, and said, "Okay. Did you ever shove your tongue up Sandy's wet cunt before? Did you ever let her fuck your hungry pussy with a big rubber cock?"
"Oh that!" Holly said with a laugh. "No. That was our first time.Myfirst time ever, butshehad girl-girl experience from back in college."
"You certainly looked like you enjoyed it," I replied. Hopefully, I asked, "Can I assume that it's not going to be yourlasttime?"
"So, you're okay with it, I gather?" she said. "You don't regard that as cheating on you?"
"If it had been aguy, I would have," I answered. "But somehow, my male ego was way overridden by my raging libido, and gave sex with another woman a pass. Plus, that's been a fantasy of mine for years!"
"What has, baby?" she teased. "Use your words."
I laughed, and said bluntly, "To watch you dance tongues and kiss another beautiful woman! To watch you suck on a big erect nipple! To watch you bend down and put your lovely face up against a sopping wet cunt while your gorgeous naked ass is up in the air with your little asshole waiting to get tongue-fucked!"
Holly laughed, and said, "So, you wouldn't mind if we did it again?"
"Shit no!" I said.
"How about if we invited someone else to join us?" she asked.
"You're shitting me!" I said. "Who?"
"I'd rather it be a surprise, if you're okay with it ... and if they are," she replied.
"Do I know her?" I asked.
"You might," she answered cryptically.
"Holy shit!" I said. "Hell yeah! When are you going to do it? Today? Will I have the video when I get back here tonight?"
"I'll have to talk to Sandy and our mystery guest, and see what we can arrange," Holly said with a grin.
"Damn, baby! You are incredible! This is turning out to be the best freaking business trip I've ever had! God, I love you!" I said.
"I love you, too, sweetheart," she replied. "Now we better say our good-byes so you can get to work, and so I can call Sandy and give her the good news."
***
Mercifully, the day was going quickly for me. Lana and I were making good progress, and the focus on work kept my mind off of my wife, Sandy, and the mystery woman. I had several different candidates in mind who I hoped that was.
By late afternoon, Lana and I had a big section of the rewritten code ready to test. She had my laptop set up next to hers to watch two different sections of the code, and I was standing a few feet away, next to the system's control panel.
I was waiting for Lana's signal that she was ready, but when I looked over at her, she was staring dumbly at my screen, with her mouth half open.
"What's wrong?" I said as I walked toward her.
"Nothing," she said. "As long as you promise to share your porn with me. That is frigging hot! I love that voyeur shit, too!"
I quickly moved around to where I could see my screen, and filling the whole thing was Holly in a sixty-nine position with Sandy, poking a finger up her ass while lapping her tongue up and down her wet cunt.
"Oh, shit!" I said as I reached for the laptop's cover to slam it closed. I realized as soon as I saw the video playing that I had only minimized it after jerking off to it this morning. Lana must have accidentally tapped the tab, and opened it back up.
In a better position than me, Lana managed to deflect my grab for the cover, and said, "No! I want to watch it! That is hot!"
"That's my wife!" I blurted without thinking.
"No shit!" she said, holding my hand away from the screen. "Lucky fucking you!"
"Come on!" I pleaded. "That's supposed to be private."
"Send me a copy, and I won't tell a soul," she said.
"What? No! I'm not sending you a copy!"
"Did you forget what I do for a living?" she said. "I can hack this thing and get it anyway."
I let out a resigned sigh, knowing she was right, and said, "Okay, okay. But for now, just close out of it so you're not distracted and we can get back to work. We'll talk about it later."
***
"So, tell me about the spy-cam?" Lana said as we drove back to the village later that night. "Does your wife know it's there? Or did you suspect she was cheating on you, and you caught a different fish than you expected? Or did youknowyour wife was bi?"
"She didn't know it was there, at first," I answered. "And there's no trust issue between us, at all. We've never cheated on each other. I just put it there so I could watch her get herself off. I love watching her play with her own pussy! As you correctly presumed, I'm kind of into voyeurism.
"And shewasn'tbi until she made the video you saw," I went on. "But by then, she had found it and told her best friend."
"Oh, I have to hearthisstory!" she said, obviously amused.
I took out my phone, navigated to my video-call page, and handed it to her. "Hit the Play button, there," I told her.
"You always record your calls with your wife?" she asked as she took the phone.
"Not normally, no," I said. "But my little inner-voice told me to hit the Record button this morning. I guess now I know why."
"Jesus!" she said after she watched the whole thing, "You have to send me that next video, too! Or better still, I'll come to your room, and we can watch the premier together!"
I laughed, and said, "That might be a bit awkward. I plan to be sitting there, naked, with my hard dick in my hand."
"I won't be looking at you," she said. "I'm gay, remember?"
I laughed, again, and said, "I don't think so. I told you I'd send you the one you already saw so that we could get back to work. The deal didn't include future episodes."
When she didn't reply right away, I looked over, and saw her staring at me with big grin.
"What?" I said a little reluctantly.
"Your wife said that it turns her on to watch you jerk off, right?" she said. "And she's obviously into exhibitionismandinto girls, too, right? So what if we send her a video ofbothof us on your bed jerking off while we're watching her new porn video? I'll bet that would really get her pussy humming! She'd have the voyeur thing going by watching us jerking off, and the exhibitionist thing going knowing that we were watching her eating cunt while we were doing it!"
"And it would get her on the phone to a divorce lawyer the next morning!" I said.
"Oh, come on," she pleaded. "She sent you a video ofherin bed with another woman, right?"
I laughed, and said, "That's different."
"Look, I'll introduce myself in front of the camera before we even get naked," she continued. "I'll explain that I'm gay, that I think she's gorgeous and hot as hell—which is a stone-cold fact!—and that the whole thing was my idea. And she'll be able toseethat we're not doing anything witheach other. Come on!"
Long story short (if it isn't already too late to say that) she somehow managed to convince me that Holly would actually get a kick out of this surprise video in return for the shocker that she had sent me.
When we got to the motel, we both went to my room, each carrying our laptop bags. I set my computer up to mirror its screen to the TV in front of the bed. In my list of Holly-cam videos there were the usual number of small files, but then there was one big one! My dick was already growing, and I hadn't even opened the file, yet.
Lana set her computer up right next to the TV, turned on its camera, and moved it around and adjusted the zoom so the bed was centered and filled the screen.
I sat on the end of the bed, and as I looked into the camera, Lana hit Record.
"Hi, baby," I said. "I'm in my room, and I'm just about to watch your new video, and I can't wait! But there's somebody I'd like to introduce you to, first." I moved over so Lana could join me and both of our faces filled the screen.
"This is Lana," I went on. "She's the customer's troubleshooter that I told you about. She accidentally got a look at your last video on my laptop today, and well, her being a lesbian and all, it piqued her interest."
Lana laughed, and interrupting me, she said, "Piqued my interest?Hell, I wanted to shove my hand in my pants and start frigging my pussy, right there at work!" Looking into the camera, she continued, "Hi, Holly. I'm Lana. Like your husband said, I'm gay, and I think that you are one of the most beautiful and sexy women I have ever seen! And Ted is one lucky SOB to have you as his wife! You two obviously have a marriage and an awesome, trusting relationship that most of us can only fantasize about."
She went on, "And speaking of fantasies ... I probably only saw maybe a minute of that video with you and your friend, but I'm already in love! My God, Holly, I'd love to meet you someday!
"And that brings us to the point ofthisvideo," she said to the camera. "I managed to coerce your husband into letting me see the rest of your first video, but when he mentioned that you and your friend were making another one, with yet a third partner, I talked him into letting me watch it with him, and letting you see what kind of an impact your gorgeous, hot, sexiness has, not just on your husband, but on a complete, woman-loving stranger.
"I really hope you enjoy watching me frig my pussy as much as you like watching your hubby jerk off. And I hope it turns you on to know that you're the porn star that we're both beating off to.
"But if this whole thing pisses you off, Holly, please blame me, not Ted," she went on. "I did have to kind of blackmail him into this, and I'm sure that was only possible because he was envisioning that new video of you, and thinking with the head of his dick. He is only a man, after all."
Moving my head back in front of the camera, I said, "I hope you enjoy this a tenth as much as I loved your video with Sandy. I love you, baby! I'll talk to you later."
With that, Lana and I moved back on the king-size bed, propped ourselves up in sitting positions with the pillows, and I hit the Play button on my laptop's remote.
The progress bar said the video started playing, but the TV screen was still black. Had something gone wrong with my Holly-cam and no image got recorded?Crap!
But then the screen started to brighten, and a close-up head-shot of my wife and Sandy engaged in a hot kiss did a fade-in.
As the picture zoomed in so that their two mouths nearly filled the TV screen, I said to Lana, "That wasn't taken with my spy-cam; it can't zoom like that."
As the image moved slightly, Lana replied, "And it's not stuck to the wall anymore."
"Their mystery partner must be doing the filming," I said.
"And the video was obviously edited after filming," Lana pointed out. "It takes away from the voyeur thing," she added as she rubbed her hand over the crotch of her shorts, "but who gives a shit! That is hot! I wish that weremymouth your wife is kissing!"
She was right! On the screen, Sandy and Holly's mouths were now open, and their lips were lightly touching at the top and bottom. In between, their tongues swirled and flicked across each other. As the steaming kiss played on, they took turns sucking on one another's tongues, and even used their teeth to lightly bite down and pull. Then they would cover each other's mouths, and kiss passionately, rocking their heads.
As they separated from the kiss, Holly held Sandy's upper lip between hers, and sucking on it, she stretched it out. Sandy then responded by taking my wife's lower lip between her teeth, and pulling on it as Holly's tongue flicked delicately over Sandy's top lip.
I was rubbing the bulge in my pants as I watched the screen, but I glanced over at Lana, beside me on the bed, and saw that she had unzipped her shorts and had her hand inside her panties, rubbing her pussy.
The voyeur in me kicked in at that sight, and my cock grew even stiffer. If the video continued as hot as it started, when Lana really started to frig her pussy, right beside me, I was going to be in serious trouble if I wanted to keep from blowing a load for very long.
The scene slowly panned down from the steaming kiss to a close-up of Holly and Sandy's naked tits. Again, Sandy was wearing her shelf bra, so her big tits were held up proudly, which made her stiff nipples line up perfectly with my wife's swollen puffies.
As the two women continued to kiss out of the camera's view, their nipples slid across each other. In the high-def close-up, we could see Holly's soft, bulging pink nipple being deformed by the hard, protruding nub of Sandy's dark nipple.
"Fuck, I love puffy nipples!" Lana mumbled as she ground her hand harder against her cunt inside her shorts.
Sandy's face soon made its way into the view, lapping her way down across my wife's naked tit, finally circling her tongue around the soft pink nipple. After washing and teasing it with her tongue, Sandy pursed her lips and gave the soft little mound a delicate kiss. With her lips in continuous contact, she opened her mouth wider and wider until she had engulfed half of my wife's tit into her mouth. Her cheeks then began to hollow as she sucked hard.
We could hear Holly moan, "Oh, God, yes! Suck my tit San! Suck it into your mouth and rub my fat nipple with your tongue! Oh, God that feels nice!"
Suddenly, there was a commotion on the other side of the bed, and I looked to see Lana stripping off her shorts and panties. Three seconds after they hit the floor, her t-shirt and sports-bra were there, too, leaving her completely naked beside me.
As if I wasn't even there, she kept her eyes glued to the screen, and drove one hand back between her widespread legs, and had the other one pulling on one of her stiff, nearly-black nipples.
Holly now had one of Sandy's hard nipples between her teeth, stretching it out. When she finally let it go, she flicked the stiff nub with her tongue, then pressed her lips over the whole nipple, and began to suck, obviously, quite hard.
The camera panned back to show Sandy's head thrown back with her eyes closed and her mouth open. As she rubbed her fingers gently through Holly's hair, she let out a contended moan from deep in her throat.
I was trying to keep myself from getting overly excited too quickly by keeping my dick in my pants, but I just couldn't take it anymore.
As I pulled down my fly and maneuvered my stiff dick out through the opening, I stole a glance at Lana. She was slowly finger-fucking her clamshell pussy while alternating between tugs on each of her nipples.
When my cock rose to freedom from the confines of my pants, a huge bubble of pre-cum oozed out of my pee hole and ran down its length.
It took every bit of self control that I had to not wrap my hand around it, and use the slick clear liquid as a lube to start jerking off. But I had decided that I wanted to show Holly the hands-free orgasm that she could make me have. (I also really wanted to experience it, again; it felt awesome to feel no other sensation with my cock other than the pure bliss of a huge orgasm!)
Sandy was now crawling onto the bed on her hands and knees, with Holly right behind her. It was the first time we had seen either of them below the waist. Sandy was wearing her white garter belt and stockings, again, and my wife now had on a pair of dark, thigh-high stay-up stockings. Against her pale nakedness the contrast was a very hot and sexy look!
Behind Sandy, Holly bent down, and kissed the smooth round globes of her best friend's ass. Then, as she snaked her tongue up and down the cleft between them, she reached underneath and began pulling on Sandy's stiff nipples as her big natural jugs hung down.
I glanced at Lana and saw that she had her finger going in and out of her pussy at a faster pace, now, and she had one finger of her other hand pressed between the puffy lips of her clamshell cunt, obviously rubbing the clit that was hidden from view. My cock did one of its throbs, and oozed another squirt of pre-cum from its hole.
It might seem strange to think that I could get voyeuristic excitement from Lana, when she was right there next to me, but the fact that she had total focus on the TV and was completely ignoring me probably helped. Her dark-skinned completely-naked beauty certainly didn't hurt!
On the TV, Holly had rolled Sandy over on her back, and had pushed her legs all the way up and back until her knees touched the bed. That had her hips rotated so that her pussy was pointing straight up in the air.
Holly bent down, and with her tongue extended, she made a slow lick all the way from the little pucker of Sandy's puckered asshole, through the soft wet folds of her pussy lips, ending up at her clit.
"I love your pussy, San!" Holly said lifting her head for a moment and looking at her friend. "I'm so glad you introduced me to bi! Eating cunt is even better than my fantasies!"
"Sweetie," Sandy replied, "the feeling is fucking mutual, believe me! I love the feel of your tongue sliding through my hot cunt! And I am so glad that I'm your first!"
Holly reached in with both hands, and gently pulled Sandy's pussy lips apart, exposing her engorged clit from within its little hiding place. Holly's tongue then began to flick its tip over the protruding little nub.
I stole a peek at Lana, and saw that she was using one hand to spread her puffy pussy lips apart, and rapidly flicking a fingertip of the other hand over her own clit. I think she was trying to mimic what my wife was doing to Sandy on the TV.
"Oh, fuck, yeah, sweetie!" Sandy moaned. "Flick my little clit!" She then added, "Put a finger in me! Finger-fuck my cunt-hole while you suck on my clit!"
Holly began more aggressive licking of her friend's clit, then covered it with her mouth, and with hollowed cheeks she began to suck. While she sucked, she slid her middle finger up Sandy's pussy, and began swirling it around.
She jammed her finger as deep into the wet folds as she could, crushing her knuckles against the sopping wet pussy lips.
"Oh, fuck, yeah!" Sandy repeated.
Holly began rocking her head back and forth quickly, and fucking her finger in and out of Sandy's cunt-hole faster and faster. She was jamming her hand into her friend's pussy so hard that she almost seemed to be punching it.
"Oh, fuck, sweetie!" Sandy's voice came over the speakers. "Yeah! Smack my pussy! God, that feels good!"
Lana now had her hand flying against her cunt. One finger kept sinking deep into her cunt-hole while her open palm slapped at her wet pussy lips. Just the wet smacking sounds coming from Lana's cunt and the TV were enough to send another shot of pre-cum up my dick.
"Grind my spot!" Sandy commanded on the TV. "I'm going to cum all over your pretty cunt-lapping face!"
Holly clamped her mouth over Sandy's whole pussy, lapping and sucking while her finger ground away, deep in her cunt.
Sandy began letting out long moans punctuated by "Oh, fuck!" and "God, yeah, sweetie!" and "Oh, yes!"
Finally, she let out a long "Ahhh!" and her body convulsed as her cunt erupted, gushing its hot pussy juice all over my wife's face.
"Fuck!" Lana moaned beside me as she hammered her finger in and out of her cunt while she pinched her big pussy lips tightly around the flying digit. Five seconds later, she let out another long, "Fuuuuck!" and I could tell from just the sloshing sound that her cunt was pumping pussy juice all over her hand.
At the combined sights and sounds—coupled with the smell of Lana's pussy juice—my unattended cock, sticking straight up through my fly pulsed and sent a small river of pre-cum up and out and drooling down its length. I was getting to really love that feeling!
I looked at the progress bar on the video, and I knew there wasn't a hope in hell that I was going to make it to the end of this one; especially not with Lana there jerking off her own cunt live and in person.
As Holly gently licked Sandy's pussy on screen, bringing her down from her orgasm-high, Lana was tenderly rubbing her sopping wet pussy doing the same thing.
"Was that just the first of many?" I asked Lana.
"Shit, yes!" she replied. "The first one's kind of hair-trigger; I like to get it out of the way so I can enjoy the build-ups for the rest to follow."
"I know what you mean about a hair-trigger," I said with my stiff dick standing up and coated with pre-cum. "I wish I could recharge for more as quickly as women seem to be able to."
"Holly has multiples?" she said.
"Oh, yeah!" I answered. "Sometimes it's hard to tell if she's having a bunch of little orgasms right in a row, or one big long one."
"Fuck!" Lana said as she rubbed her pussy. "I think I'm falling in love!"
I laughed, and said, "Well, she's spoken for."
"A girl can dream," she replied pressing her palm into her pussy, spreading the big lips apart.
She looked me up and down, and then said, "Not that it matters to me one way or the other, but are you really going to stay dressed all night?"
"Just trying to take my time," I answered. "I want to let things build up as long as I can so when I do blow my load, it's a real gusher."
"Gross!" she said.
I laughed, and replied, "Have you ever made it with a guy?"
"Yes, and it's why I'm a devout lesbian, now," she answered. "I'll tell you about it sometime, but not now. We've got porn to watch."
On the screen, Holly had stretched her naked body through Sandy's spread legs, no-doubt leaving a trail of cunt juice from her tits to her own pussy mound. As she rocked her hips, grinding her pussy to Sandy's mound, their tits were being mashed together, and the two women shared a steaming, pussy-flavored kiss.
Sandy's fingers were digging into my wife's gorgeous ass, forcing their pussies even tighter together as they swept their tongues together, probing deeply into each other's mouths. Then, Sandy raised her hand, and brought it down with a hardsmack!on Holly's ass.
Holly flinched and sucked in her breath at the sudden sting, but she growled into Sandy's mouth, "Slap it, San! Slap my naked ass!"
As Sandy's hand came down again, in the same already-reddening spot, Holly wiggled her ass and bit down on Sandy's tongue as a deep "Arrr!" escaped her throat.
A third slap in the same glowing spot, and Holly pressed her mouth over Sandy's, and nearly roared into her mouth, "Fuck yeah!"
After one more hard slap, Sandy began to tenderly massage the abused cheek, and at the same time, she moved her other hand around to Holly's pussy. She lightly moved her fingers up and down through the soaking wet lips, and then gently slid a finger up her cunt hole.
With their mouths locked together, Holly took long deep breaths as she came down from the pain to enjoy the pleasure.
Beside me, Lana was massaging her bald pussy with one hand and squeezing her naked tits with the other, and I decided it was time that I got naked, too. Thirty seconds later, my clothes were in a heap on the floor, I was sitting with my back against the propped up pillows, and had my balls in my hand, giving them a firm massage.
The TV screen was filled with a close-up of the two women kissing, and after we watched Holly trace the outline of her best friend's wide open lips with the tip of her tongue, she said to Sandy, "So, you ready for some stiff cock, San? Is that hot pussy of yours ready to get fucked by a hard fat dick?"
"Oh, yeah!" she said on a heavy breath. She then looked up toward the camera, but not directly into it, and said, "You ready to fuck me? You ready to shove that hard cock up my cunt hole?"
I had actually forgotten that there was a third person there. My dick throbbed as I anticipated finding out who the mystery woman was. From Sandy's words, I expected that she must be wearing a strap-on dildo, and a woman fucking another woman with a strap-on was always a big turn-on for me!
The scene faded out, and when it came back, Holly was on her knees straddling Sandy's head and facing toward her pussy. As Holly dug her fingers into Sandy's big tits, she ground her pussy into her friend's face, and was obviously enjoying the first cunt-lapping that we'd seen her get tonight.
Pleasant mews came from Holly's mouth as she shifted her hips to get her friend's tongue in just the right place. She squatted a bit more, mashing her cunt into Sandy's face, and as she did, she pulled hard on Sandy's big nipples.
The camera slowly zoomed back from the close-up of Sandy's face getting smeared with Holly's cunt juice to a wider shot that expanded and panned down until it include Sandy's glistening cunt on full display between her wide-spread legs.
Holly then reached down, and with her fingers on either side of Sandy's pussy, she pulled the lips apart, exposing the wet folds of soft tissue that formed the entrance to her cunt hole. As the shot zoomed back in from above—looking almost straight down to center on Sandy's cunt—the helmet-shaped head of the mystery woman's strap-on appeared, and lightly touched the glistening pussy lips.
"What the fuck?!" I blurted as I realized that I wasn't watching a big rubber dick about to get pushed up Sandy's cunt, but a real-live flesh-and-blood cock!
"She said it was another woman!" I said out loud as much to myself as to Lana. "What the fuck!"
Lana let out an exasperated sigh, picked up the laptop's remote from the bed, and hit Pause.
With an image of the cock buried half way up Sandy's stretched pussy frozen on the screen, Lana said, "I'm as disappointed as you are that it's not another woman, Ted, but Holly never said it would be;youdid."
"What are you talking about?" I said as my dick began to wilt. "I never said she could screw another guy!"
"She asked if you'd be okay if someone else joined them," Lana said. "You asked, 'Do I know her?' She said she wanted it to be a surprise ... which it obviously was."
"Which is not giving her permission to screw some guy!" I countered.
"Which shehasn't, and I'll bet shedoesn't," Lana said. "She talked about being pissed because she thought you didn't trust her when she found the camera, right?" she went on. "Well, I don't think she'd betray that trust, now. I think your wife's going to stick to eating Sandy's pussy, sucking her tits, and putting tongue down her throat—I know I sure as hell would! But I think she's going to let Sandy do all the cheating—if that's even what it is. Have you ever seen her husband's dick? Do you know that's not who that is?"
Staring at the cock-impaled pussy on the screen I thought about what Lana said. Finally, with my pecker lying on my leg, I picked up the remote, and said, "You better be right."
"I'll bet you a cum-in-my-mouth blowjob that I am," she replied. "And that's damned high stakes for me!"
"Against what?" I replied. "Eating you out wouldn't be a good way to reward Holly's faithfulness if you're right."
"If I'm right, you give me the link and password to your Holly-cam cloud storage," she answered.
"You're on," I said. I truly hoped that she was right, but I figured Lana could probably hack my cloud account if she really wanted to, so I wasn't putting up very much, anyway. And if she was wrong, and Holly did end up screwing around with this guy, I figured I could feel justified in getting a blow job from Lana.
I hit the Play button, and we watched the mystery cock sliding slowly in and out of Sandy's cunt hole as my wife held her pussy lips pulled apart.
"She's awfully close there," I commented. "If she touches his dick, you lose, right?"
"It has to be an intentional touch; not an accidental brush," she replied. "I've been in three-ways with a guy and a girl, and I never touched the guy's dick, so I know it can be done."
"I'm sure that's easier if you're a lesbian," I said.
"We'll see," she replied. "Now, shut the hell up, and let's get back to the business at hand." With that she returned to rubbing her pussy to get back into the interrupted mood.
On the screen, in detailed close-up, the stiff cock was sliding in and out of Sandy's sopping wet pussy. With each retraction the guy would pull it all the way out, leaving his fat cock-head barely touching Sandy's flower-petal pussy lips. He would then push it slowly back in, and we watched her cunt lips part and stretch to accept the big cock-head, and then close around it, hugging the slightly-smaller shaft as it disappeared into the depths of her cunt.
"Oh, fuck yeah, baby!" Sandy mumbled with my wife's pussy pressed against her face. "Fuck me! Shove that hard cock up my cunt while Holly fucks my face! Holy shit, I am on fucking fire!"
I have to admit that it was good porn! And after watching several thrusts of hard cock all way up Sandy's stretched cunt, my cock was well on its way to recovery, again overriding whatever concerns my dimly-lit logic might have had about a real-live cock in the mix.
The scene faded out, but was quickly replaced by a different shot of Sandy getting her pussy fucked. The camera was obviously being held by Holly, now, as it was facing Sandy's pussy and the cock sliding in and out of it. It zoomed in until Sandy's wet cunt almost filled the screen.
Sandy had her own hand at her pussy, now, rubbing her clit as the stiff cock drove into her cunt hole with faster and faster strokes. The camera then panned almost straight down to show Sandy's face nestled between Holly's legs, obviously lapping hungrily at her pussy as her own cunt got fucked.
"You like that, San?" Holly asked her friend. "You like eatingmycunt while you getyourcunt fucked by a big hard cock?"
Sandy mumbled "Oh, fuck, yeah!" around a mouthful of pussy.
The camera turned back around and zoomed in on the stiff cock pounding into Sandy's cunt, over and over, only occasionally being pulled all the way out now, before being speared back in through the soft fleshy folds of her pussy lips.
My own dick was nearly fully recovered when Holly's voice came over the speakers and broke the porn spell, again.
"If you're worried about that cock, Ted," she said to me, "don't be. That's for Sandy's enjoyment, only. You're obviously okay with me making love with her, but I didn't figure you would be with me screwing around with another guy. I get that, baby, and I'd never betray your trust. But I hope you're enjoying watchingSandyget her juicy little cunt fucked. I know I am!"
As she spoke, the camera zoomed out and panned up, and Sandy's husband's face was suddenly on the screen. As he continued to drive his cock into his wife's cunt, he said, "The scenery's gorgeous, buddy! Having a great time! Wish you were here!"
Holly chuckled, and added, "I wish you were here, too, baby! But for now, I hope you enjoy our little porn movie. I love you!"
"Yes!" Lana shouted and pumped a fist in the air. "I fucking love your wife, Ted! You have got to be the luckiest son-of-a-bitch on the planet! You might have just lost our bet, but you won the frigging wife-lottery!"
Holly turned the camera around to face herself and lowered it so it was shooting right between Sandy's tits. With the big globes—jiggling from the fucking that she was getting—framing either side of the picture, Holly's pussy and Sandy's chin—glistening with pussy juice—nearly filled the middle of the screen.
Holly lifted up her hips a bit so that Sandy had to lift her head to keep lapping, and that allowed us to see Sandy's soaking-wet face and her tongue snaking through Holly's pussy lips.
"Oh yeah, San! Lap my pussy!" Holly said. "Shove your tongue up my fuck-hole and show my hubby that you like to eat cunt as much as I do!"
Beside me, Lana had her clamshell pussy lips spread wide with one hand, and she was grinding the edge of her hand through the wet folds in a sawing motion. I'd never seen Holly jerk off her pussy like that before, but it was obviously effective judging by the moans coming from Lana's throat.
My cock was now back to full stature, and I returned my hand to my balls, massaging and gently squeezing.
"Oh fuck, San! I'm gonna cum!" Holly said as we watched her friend poking her tongue up her cunt hole. "I'm gonna shoot my fucking cum right in your mouth!"
"Fuck my face, sweetie!" Sandy told her. "Sit on my face and grind your hot fucking pussy all over it! Drown me with your hot cum!"
Holly squatted down, crushing her pussy into Sandy's face, and then started rocking her hips to mash her sopping wet gash all the way from her forehead to her chin.
Lana continued sawing her hand up and down between her spread pussy lips, apparently trying to simulate what Holly must have been experiencing by dragging her face across her friend's face.
I cupped my balls tightly with both hands as I felt another bubble of pre-cum make its way up through my dick and ooze from the hole.
Holly's moaning picked as she stepped up the pace of face-fucking her best friend. Then, with a deep, "Oh, fuck, yeah!" we saw Sandy's already wet face become drenched as Holly's cunt erupted.
As Holly twisted her hips, grinding her sloshing cunt into Sandy's mouth—most likely getting a deep tongue-fucking at the same time—Lana let out a small mew, and I looked over to see her soaking-wet hand pressing palm-down hard against her splayed pussy lips.
If I had concentrated on it just a tiny bit, I'm sure I could have forced one of my hands-free mini-orgasms up through my rock-hard cock. Instead I was determined to hold it back. When Holly watched our jerk-off video, I wanted her to see me blow an even bigger hands-free load than the one I had told her about this morning.
On the screen Holly lifted her spent pussy from Sandy's face, and a moment later, her own face appeared on the screen, and she and Sandy shared an intense pussy-soaked face-lapping tongue-sucking kiss. As they darted and sucked on each other's tongues, the screen faded to black.
A moment later, it faded back in with the camera obviously on a tripod, as it was zoomed back enough to show all three of them on the bed.
Sandy was on her hands and knees, now getting Joe's stiff cock shoved up her pussy from behind. Holly was on her back with her face under her friend's dangling tits, lapping and sucking at her stiff brown nipples as they bobbled back and forth from Joe's rhythmic banging of her cunt.
Sandy's head was hanging down, and she was letting out soft humming sounds, obviously enjoying the attention that her erect nipples and her wet pussy were getting from her two lovers.
After a short while, she raised her head, and declared, "I want it up the ass! I want you to shove your hard cock up my ass, Joe! But first, I want you, sweetie, to get my little pucker all wet with your tongue! Climb up there, lover, and tongue-fuck my asshole while Joe shoves his cock up my cunt right next to your pretty face!"
A moment later, Sandy's wonderful ass filled much more of the screen, and at the right, Joe continued shoving his stiff dick up his wife's slippery cunt. At the top of the screen, Holly's face appeared, and she lowered her mouth, tongue extended, to her best friend's upturned asshole.
With only an inch or two separating them, Holly flicked her tongue around Sandy's tight sphincter, while Joe's hard cock continued in and out of her cunt hole. Sometimes its full fire-helmet head was exposed before disappearing back into the wet folds of Sandy's pussy right next to Holly's face.
It was oddly—and surprisingly!—arousing to see a strange cock that close to my wife's mouth. But I was still glad that she was focusing her efforts on her friend's tight little asshole.
After a minute or so of Holly licking and tongue-fucking her rosebud, Sandy said, "Okay, sweetie, I think I'm ready; get under me in a sixty-nine. I want you to eat my pussy while Joe fucks me up the ass! And I'm going to bury my face in your cunt at the same time!"
Another quick scene-change and Holly was on her back beneath Sandy with her head between her legs. She was lapping and pushing her tongue up her friend's cunt hole; the hole that had only seconds before been wrapped snugly around Joe's hard cock.
My own cock—with its own perverted mind—apparently found that thought exciting as hell, and oozed yet another few drops of pre-cum that drooled down its length.
Joe was obviously holding the camera again as it moved and zoomed in on Holly pushing her tongue up Sandy's cunt hole. It then did a slow pan around to the other end to capture Sandy's face at Holly's pussy. Sandy was pulling my wife's pussy lips wide apart, and was kissing and lapping at the delicate exposed petals of her wet cunt hole.
"Fuck, yeah!" Lana moaned as she drove two fingers knuckles-deep up her cunt. She held her hand forced hard into her pussy and began to press on her clit with her thumb. At the same time, she was licking her lips—maybe pretending they were my wife's spread pussy lips? She was using her other hand to pull and twist her dark little nipples.
Between the two visions—the TV in front of me, and reality beside me—my cock throbbed and sent still another bubble of pre-cum up from my balls.
The next shot was looking almost straight down on Sandy's spit-wet sphincter with my wife's face below, licking hungrily at Sandy's cunt. Joe's stiff cock then appeared, and he rubbed it through Sandy's ass crack and over the rosebud of her waiting asshole.
Joe's cock was a little smaller in thickness than mine, but it had a more bulbous head. It was also maybe two inches longer. It was probably the perfect size for fucking an ass, once its fat head was popped inside.
"Okay, enough teasing!" Sandy finally said. "Shove your cock up my pussy to get it wet, and then fuck my ass!"
I watched closely as Holly lowered her head away from Sandy's pussy, and Joe lowered his dick. Obviously hand-holding the camera, Joe got a good close shot of his hard cock just inches above my wife's upturned face. She stared at it intently as it spread the pussy lips that her tongue had just vacated.
As he buried his long cock up his wife's cunt, Joe's dangling balls passed over Holly's nose with less than a quarter inch to spare. She could easily have extended her tongue and licked at his shaven sack. The voyeur in me wanted to see her do it, but the barely-functioning husband part of my brain was glad she didn't.
When he drew his pussy-coated cock from the depths of Sandy's cunt hole, I think Joe intentionally held it in place right above my wife's face for several seconds. My single-minded dick throbbed and oozed another dribble of pre-cum at the tantalizingly taboo sight filling the screen.
As Joe raised his dick up to its intended target, he followed it with the camera.
He took hold of his slick cock with his free hand, and pressed its fat head against Sandy's tiny asshole. At the same time, we could see Holly lift her head again, and with an open mouth and extended tongue, reattach herself to Sandy's pussy.
Pushing down on his dick with his thumb, Joe's big cock-head spread Sandy's ass cheeks and then the tight ring of muscle far more easily than I would have expected. As the fat knob disappeared into Sandy's asshole, and it snapped closed around it, I had to believe that anal sex was hardly new to the two of them.
Joe then popped his cock-head in and out of Sandy's asshole several times, and as he did, Sandy's voice came over the speakers.
"Oh, yeah, baby! Stretch my little butt hole with your fat cock-head! Fuck it in and out just like that! Oh, fuck, I love how your fat dick stretches my little ass!"
Below, we could see Holly's face pressed into her friend's pussy and rocking side to side. I had to imagine that her tongue was being shoved as far up her friend's cunt hole as she could get it.
"Fuck it baby! Fuck my ass, baby!" Sandy commanded. "Shove your hard cock all the way up my asshole! Fuck my ass while my sweetie eats my cunt!"
With that, Joe leaned forward, and in one long slow push drove the entire length of his stiff cock up his wife's asshole. Right below, Holly picked up the pace of her cunt-lapping.
"Oh, fuck, yeah!" Sandy moaned at the double assault.
As Joe began fucking his wife's tight little butt hole, and I watchedmywife eating her cunt, I had to clench whatever muscles are in my abdomen to keep my dick from erupting on its own.
I watched Joe's cock being gripped by Sandy's tight sphincter, and I marveled that he wasn't already shooting his load. My dick hadn't even been touched, and it was ready to burst; he had watched the two sexy women eat each other's cunts, fucked Sandy's pussy in several different ways, and was now experiencing the tightness of her ass without cumming! (I would find out, later on, that Joe had jerked off before filming started, to make sure he'd last longer on screen. Cheater!)
"Ooohh, fuuuck!" Sandy called out loudly as Joe fucked her ass with shorter, faster strokes. "I'm gonna fucking cum! Suck it, sweetie! Suck my cunt! Suck my pussy juice!"
Holly pressed her face even harder into her friend's cunt, and we could see her cheeks hollow as she sucked. Almost immediately, Sandy let out a long squeal as her pussy erupted.
The contraction of her cunt muscles probably caused Sandy's asshole to tighten, too, and as he continued fucking the little hole, Joe announced, "Fuck, yeah! I'm gonna cum, too!"
Whether she was finished with her orgasm yet, or not, Sandy quickly disengaged herself from her husband's cock and my wife's mouth, and scrambled to turn around. With her face directly above Holly's, Sandy commanded her husband, "Jerk it off, baby! Jerk your cock off right in my mouth! Shoot your hot cum right in my face!"
With Sandy's mouth wide open an inch in front of his cock-head, Joe began beating his meat furiously. Directly below, my wife was looking up, staring fixedly at the hard cock and open mouth.
Finally, Joe held his cock still, and with a loud, "Ahhh!" he shot a rope of thick cum directly into Sandy's mouth. As he began to jerk his dick again, his second burst landed on her outstretched tongue, but his subsequent spurts painted her lips, chin, and even her nose.
I'm a sucker for a hot facial scene, and I finally had to let my impatient dick have its way.
As I gripped and squeezed my balls, my cock shot a geyser of molten cum at least six feet in the air! Okay, maybe six or eightinches; but itfeltlike I was going to paint the ceiling with my jism! God, what an awesome feeling!
I let my cock shoot one more hands-free stream, and then I took hold of it, slowly sliding my hand up and down its length lubricated with all of the gooey cum that it had just produced. I knew there was plenty more in my balls, but I wanted to let it build a bit more before seriously jerking off for Holly to watch.
When Joe had finally finished pumping his cum from his dick and into his wife's mouth and onto her face, he leaned forward to stick his cock-head in her mouth. She swirled her tongue around the fat head before taking it in her mouth and sucking on it. As she did, several drops of his cum ran off of her chin, dropping onto Holly's face.
She must have seen the drops of goo coming, and she kept her lips closed as she turned her face to catch them on her nose and cheeks.
Astonishingly, I found the sight of my wife's pretty face splattered with another guy's cum hot beyond all logic, and I started to pick up the pace of my jerking off.
As I slid my hand up and down my slick cock, Sandy finished sucking her husband's quickly-wilting cock clean, and he backed away. He focused and zoomed the camera in on Holly's cum splattered face, and I began pounding my dick even faster.
As he filmed, Sandy lowered her face and began lapping her husband's jism from her friend's face.
With sloppy sloshing sounds I began pounding my cum-drenched cock furiously as Sandy lapped and sucked at the ropes of her husband's cum. When Sandy had collected all of the errant jism that she could find, she planted a kiss on my wife's mouth.
As I watched the two women open their mouths and knew that my wife was tasting another guy's cum, my cock erupted again. I hammered away at it, pumping shot after shot of the thick jism up from my balls and all over my hand. It made no sense that I should find the thought of my loving wife tasting somebody else's cum so erotic, but for whatever perverted reason, I sure as hell did!
Suddenly, Lana let out a troubled sounding "Oh, fuck," leapt off the bed, and ran to the bathroom.
As I watched her cute ass, glistening her own pussy juice, disappear around the corner, I called out, "Hey! Are you okay? You want me to pause it? It looks like there's quite a bit left."
Continued in Part-4 ...
Please take a minute to vote and leave me a comment!
Thank you!
Love,
Casey