I freshened up my make-up, not that it really needed it, but it killed some time and gave me a chance to think. I then went to the loo for pretty much the same reason. As it happened, on sitting, I farted again and it became clear there was still gunk up there from earlier. Unpleasant though it was, I did my best to clean it all out. Scott, or the others, becoming aware of that was not to be permitted!
My life was being destroyed, but there were still normal plans for the weekend I'd had in my head. Nothing exciting, just food shopping and some study for the days, and then thoughts of going out in the evening today. None of that seemed likely to happen now, but I was wondering how to ask him about getting time to do some of the 'normal' things that needed to go on.
My mother, sister, and I exchanged messages most days, not always to each of us, but I'd be in touch with at least one of them pretty much every day. I'd sent my sister something yesterday morning before heading to uni, but nothing since. At some stage, they were going to try and contact me. I didn't know what they would do if they got no response. If they caused trouble, then that email might get sent.
I also needed to buy milk and a few other things. The bottom of our building had a branch of a supermarket over two-thirds of the ground floor, and I'd planned to just nip down and get a few things there, although it was more expensive than from a bigger store from another brand that was a little way down the road. Convenience counted in such things.
Displacement! I was doing it again, wasn't I! I didn't want to think about the task ahead, so I was thinking about the smaller issues, things that I might usually be able to deal with, and using them to fill up my brain with so that there was no room in my head to concentrate on the sheer horror of my life.
"Sir," I said when I'd finished in the bathroom, having made no attempt to close the door and block off the sound of what I was doing, even though the camera was not pointing in that direction. "I'll need to buy food soon, and I'll need your permission to contact my mum and sister on the laptop. As you have my phone. Otherwise, they will start to wonder where I am, and that might cause us difficulties."
'Food we will talk about later, but do not worry about your relatives. They have sent messages and I have been responding on your behalf.'
The bloody arrogance of the man! The sodding little bastard! I was going to rip his bloody balls off -- and they would be bloody by that stage -- and make him eat them! He was messaging them on my behalf without even telling me. Not that I should have expected anything different, but still, this was a real kick in the guts.
I could only hope that he was keeping things normal. He would have all my previous texts, messages, emails etc. to look back on to get my tone of voice right, but what he was going to be telling them was a worry. Let's be honest, everything here was a worry, but I didn't want him in contact with my family. After all, I was doing this to keep them out of it!
Somehow, I needed to get a message to them to let them know that all of my accounts had been hacked, or something, and to only contact me on a new one that I'd need to have created ready for them to use. How the hell I could do all of that without them giving it away to this bloke I didn't know though. If he got wind of it, then it was game over for me.
I wanted to say something to him, even just to ask him to be gentle with them, but had no idea of how to do it without incurring his anger. In just a few minutes I'd be in my flatmate's room getting screwed, but, if I didn't tread the line carefully, it was entirely possible that I'd be told to invite Paul -- or maybe even Paul and Mike -- in there as well.
This all-needed thinking about, carefully, but that would have to wait. I had my orders and couldn't afford to dilly dally in the safety of my room doing anything that wasn't geared to the task at hand. Face on, hair brushed, bladder now empty. All ready for action. Except that I wasn't!
All of the day's activities so far had put one tiny little thing out of my head. The pill. I wasn't on the pill, and I was supposed to be having sex for the first time. I had no condoms and had no idea if Scott did either. Hell, I might be having to ask his two guests if they had one with them. Or knock-on doors and see if any of the others were still in the flat and had one to spare?
Of all the stupid bloody things to forget -- or block -- not being on birth control was one hell of a big one! At least I'd remembered in time though! Would he let me go downstairs to the supermarket and buy some? I had no idea! Although I might have to go further and find a pharmacy somewhere nearby if they didn't have any.
Some of my friends followed the timetable of their periods quite closely but, while I knew roughly when mine was coming, it had never been that big a deal. What I couldn't quite remember was how long after it you were still at risk. My last was about ten days back, which I thought made me relatively safe. Relatively wasn't a great word to be using in this context though.
"Sir, I am about to go and follow your instructions. I'm not wanting to cause any issues, or make any sort of difficulty here, but while you know that I am a virgin -- we discussed it yesterday -- you may not know that I am not on the pill. And I've no condoms. I need to find some before I talk to Scott about having sex."
I waited for a response but had no idea what he would say. Yes! He had to say yes -- didn't he? He was controlling my life at the moment, but the ramifications of not being protected could cause huge ripples in my life for... well, for the rest of my life! I'd thought of this last night, but events had overtaken my discussing it with him then.
'Now it is time for the final round of mouth, cunt, arse, with only one section remaining. Take this machine with you to record events as you go to Scott and offer him vaginal sex. Fail to get it -- or to clean him with just your mouth afterwards -- and I email out that video. You know the one. Once done, take the machine and leave him to clean himself up. Do not do so yourself in any way until after filming your passing the time with his friends until he arrives back with them. You may then leave.'
He'd not even bothered to change the message -- or at least I didn't think so -- and had just cut and pasted the same one again. The bastard. The absolute bastard. While I'd known that he had to be that to have taken things this far, this further proof of it was quite chilling. There was no leeway in this to just nip down to the shops. The instructions were quite clear. Get on with it.
If I did, I was taking the risk of getting pregnant. Pregnant. That was one hell of a word to be contemplating before going out and attempting to drag to bed the man that I might be making into a father! Could I talk him into using the withdrawal method? Probably, if I was to only offer to let him have me that way.
I didn't think my blackmailer would accept that though. He wanted me properly fucked, and this would indeed well and truly fuck me. My parents were anti-abortion and, in general discussions, I had been as well. Even the morning after pill was a no-no as it, in effect, killed off any fertilised eggs. They would never know if I took it here though. But I'd have to live with it.
Not take anything and hope that nothing was growing in me -- or take it and maybe kill what could develop to be a living, breathing, human being? I knew that sperm could live in you for a few days after they were 'deposited' but there was no guarantee that he would permit me to leave the flat to buy what was needed in the limited required time, even if I thought I could do it.
'Now -- or else...'
There was no choice here and no mercy either. Whatever I went through, I was going to do it in the knowledge that I was carrying this additional burden at the same time. I took up the laptop and paused for just a moment to look at myself in the mirror. Bloody cute, and about to give it all away to Scott.
From the backs of their heads, I could see that Mike was no longer there. Gone home, gone to the shops, gone elsewhere -- it didn't matter much. What did matter was that this was a two-player game, and there were now two of them playing it. Was Scott going to be happy to dump Paul, who he'd invited over for the afternoon, and quietly come away with me?
"Scott, can I have a word with you please?" I asked nicely, but he said he was busy right now -- and could I give him thirty? He'd not even turned his head to look at me. Was he already so used to seeing me naked that, having just spent some time doing that, he wasn't overly bothered about doing so again straight away?
"Scott, look at me, please. Please." I stood behind the sofa, almost behind Paul's head, so that, unless he made the effort to turn all the way, then he'd not see what I was doing. Scott did, however, and quickly paused the game before telling Paul that he needed to speak to me for a few moments and would be back soon.
What I'd done to attract, and to keep, his attention was shameful. Shameful, degrading, and the act of a wanton slut. Which, as I was trying to drag him to bed, was the part I was playing. I'd lain the laptop on the kitchen table and then, facing him, had one hand cupping a boob and rolling the nipple, the other holding my slit down there open and laying it all out for him.
As he'd turned, looked, and then raised his eyes to my face, I'd winked at him and nodded my head towards his room door in what I hoped was a 'come hither' sort of a way. Or maybe go thither. Whatever. It had been meant to imply that if he came with me then what I was showing him could be his -- and that message seemed to have been received.
"Erm, we can't go in there," he said standing up from the sofa as I collected the machine and headed towards his room. "Mike is... using the facilities." He could have just said using the toilet, but instead chose to go on. "He was a bit, well, overcome, by seeing you earlier, and wanted somewhere for some... quiet time."
Quiet time. It took me a few seconds, but then I realised what quiet time meant in this context. He wanted some space to masturbate over me. Presumably, Scott had done so at some point -- and, in fact, Connor had freely admitted to doing that last night -- but now strangers were getting in on the act as well. Other guys were likely to have done so in the past, but I'd never know, which sort of made it okay. However, knowing that he was in there right now thinking of what he wanted to do to me was crushing.
I dithered for a moment but realised I had no choice here. There was no instruction on where to have sex with him, just to do it. I'd immediately thought of his room as, in some way, I'd hoped to have my room kept as a sanctuary or at least a space to hide out from the others. Now I was leading Scott by the arm, while smiling up at him, to screw him on my bed.
We shared one of our classes together, so he was the one of my flatmates that I'd talked to the most. I couldn't say I knew him though, as that extra time had been used to discuss the one lecture we'd had and not anything personal. He seemed a nice enough, bog-standard sort of a man. Bland would be a slightly cruel way to describe him, but there was nothing to stand out so far.
The funny thing was that he seemed as nervous as I was. When I asked him if he had a condom he actually blushed. Oh, bloody hell! I'd hoped that this was going to be a fairly simple procedure. Something in which he was going to be able to take the lead and give me some pleasure at the same time as I was getting the job done.
Why the hell was nothing ever simple! Nothing since I'd lost my phone anyway, or had it stolen. He was a bloody virgin as well, wasn't he! Or at least pretty inexperienced. Mind you, I imagine that a lot of guys would be wondering what they were letting themselves in for going somewhere private with me the way I'd been acting.
"Paul," Scott called over to his friend, his friend that was watching us wide-eyed. "Do you still carry that condom about?" Paul hunted through the pockets of the jacket that was on the sofa next to him, and then skimmed the small golden packet through the air to us. It fell a little short, and I let Scott bend and collect it.
Paul's eyes never left me, and I couldn't help wondering if he was also going to use Scott's bedroom for some 'quiet time' when Mike was done. Mike might even want it again after knowing what we'd just borrowed. Although it wasn't borrowed was it -- he'd hardly want that back when it was done with!
I was supposed to come and stand out with them when done, and so reveal myself in my post-sex splendour. That would give them some additional images to carry homewards later in the day. Right now though, I didn't care. The existence of a condom cheered me immensely. While they were not 100% protection, at least the risk of pregnancy was now massively reduced.
I was so relieved that my kisses took on some extra passion as soon as the door closed behind us as we entered my room. The laptop was quickly placed on my desk and aimed at the bed, so I put my arms around his neck and kissed him as I moved backwards to get us into the shot. We fell back onto, rather than sat down upon, the bed, arms around each other.
He'd not been overly shy last night when it had come to his turn to feel me up in the living room in front of the others, but this was different. I was now his, and his alone. The lewd gestures and wink had been enough to have him thinking that he was going to get to screw me -- the requesting a condom had proven it.
I tried to slow him down enough to tell him that this was a one-off. That we mustn't let the others know in case it became an issue, especially so for Leanne, who I'd been told was reluctant to let me wander around in the nude in the first place. A point of view I'd certainly have gone along with if some other girl had come up with the idea.
I didn't think that he really took any of that in though, although he made noises as if he did. His hands were all over my chest and playing with my boobs and they had most of his attention. I resolved to remember to discuss this more fully when we were all done and his brain had its blood supply back again.
He seemed fascinated with the way my boobs almost disappeared when I was lying flat on my back. He could grab a handful, but as soon as he let go they seemed to fade back into nothingness again, just leaving my nipples standing out as a sign that they were around here somewhere. I'd always been a bit jealous of girls with bigger and firmer boobs that still had something showing in this position. He didn't seem to care though.
It didn't take me long to figure out that not only was he a virgin, but he'd never gone this far with a girl before. He'd sometimes seemed like a big kid when we'd talked before, but he was just so childishly fascinated with my body that it was clearly the first time he'd ever been with a girl. It might have been sweet in other circumstances.
Right now, I wasn't in the mood to have one boob sucked into his mouth and the nipple played with by his tongue and lips while he used his hand on the other one. It felt good, no issues with that, but it wasn't quite what I was here for. I wanted to get this done and dusted so that we could get out again as soon as possible.
I had no idea where my flatmates were at this moment, but I didn't want them catching either of us coming out of my room. I also didn't want them to find the two guys in the living room, all alone, and ask where their host was. Finding that he was spending time with Amy in her room could result in them leaping to the correct conclusion, and that would be a bad thing! I needed to get this done ASAP.
It was kind of awkward for me though. There was pleasure to be had here even though the task itself was abhorrent. If I lay back and let him take his time then it could be interesting, but, instead, I knew I'd need to cut this short and get down to the main event. I was scared though, in all honesty. I'd had my hairbrush, and a fairly wide array of other things inside me before, but I knew that this was going to be different to any of that.
Ideally, I'd have been going out with a guy for quite some time while getting closer to this. Been wined and dined today and let the anticipation build between us all the time we were together. Both of us knowing what was going to happen but having it come on in a natural way.
Sure, I might have one-night stands, or short-term relationships, in the future that involved sex, but this was the first time. This was only going to happen once, and it would be remembered forever, unlike most one-night affairs, I assumed. I was aware that I was clenching up inside, and my mental state was not conducive to this going well.
I suddenly remembered that the old-time Star Trek character I liked -- Mr Spock -- had once had to sort of seduce an enemy alien woman (who looked human though, as all the aliens did back then), a Romulan, I thought. He was after some sort of information and had to lead her on to try and get it. It wasn't like he ended up sleeping with her or anything -- it wasn't that sort of a show -- but he did keep to the mission plan while dealing with her. I'd try to act dispassionately while dealing with Scott, in the same way as Spock had with his female opponent.
I helped Scott off with his t-shirt and then went for the fastenings on his jeans. It was quite awkward though, as he was half on me and half resting on the bed, and I had trouble getting both arms into play. Maybe with some practise I'd get the hang of doing this one-handed in the same way some guys can undo bra straps. Not that Scott had needed to worry about getting mine off here.
He took over the removal of his jeans, needing to sit up and wrestle with them a little to get his trainers away at the same time. His underwear must have gone at the same point -- assuming that he'd been wearing any -- as I could immediately feel him pressing hard against my thigh. And as his hands had come straight back to my upper torso there was only one thing that this new feeling could be.
T-shirt off and pressed back up against me, it was evident that a little more in the way of deodorant for him would have been useful this morning. It wasn't a bad smell, as such, but it wasn't great either. There were going to be other smells in here soon though. I didn't usually notice my own scent unless I left the room and re-entered again, but I was aware that with what we were doing now then I'd soon be producing it in volume.
He was leaning partly on his side, on one elbow. The hand belonging to that arm was squeezing the boob it was almost resting on, while the other roamed around and touched me, gradually making wider sweeps as he made his way to my landing strip, and towards my groin. I wasn't sure if he thought that he was being subtle about it, but he wasn't.
He'd not touched me down there yet, and I wanted him to. To have him get on with it! If he'd been more experienced -- if I'd been more experienced -- then I'd have tried to get him to just get on with it. To leap aboard and screw me. I didn't want to scare him off though, and tried to make the appropriate noises to give him some encouragement. To speed him up by letting him know that foreplay wasn't needed here.
His touch did feel good, and it seemed reasonable to let him have a little bit of time to explore my slit, maybe even find my clit in there, before doing the deed and then rushing off again. After all, it was his first time as well. He'd remember this for the rest of his life, so it would have been rude not to give him a few moments to play.
One of the few things that wasn't bothering me today was the thought of his breaking my hymen as he went in for the first time. I doubted that I'd had one for years. I'd done a lot of gymnastics and other sports in my youth, and that was often said to break it. Obviously though, my using a wide array of items inserted in there to fuck myself would have done the deed even if the sports had not!
I was getting conflicted here. I was enjoying his touch while wanting him to get this done and over -- and wanting both of our first times to be special as well. My trying to be impersonal wasn't working, probably because this was very, very, personal. The guy had two fingers sticking into me now, and you don't get much more personal than that!
As he pushed his lips hard against mine, inserting his tongue as he did, it seemed that he was keeping up some sort of rhythm. I wondered if he knew that his fingers were going in and out to the same beat as his tongue. Maybe it was simpler that way for him. Less to think about if he ran the two in sync.
Taking the condom from where he'd dropped it on the side of the bed, I struggled to get the damn thing open. I'd assumed that there would be a point in the golden wrapper that tore off easily, kind of like those little packets of ketchup that you get at fast-food restaurants. Turning it around a few times I eventually found a ripping point and got the thing out.
This was my first time of actually holding one, in fact only my second time seeing one in real life. That had been in a sex education class at school a few years ago. Then the teacher had taken it out of the packet and rolled it down a banana to show the class what it was like. She'd explained that the fruit was just there for convenience due to its shape, but I'd not been alone in thinking how the heck was something of that size meant to fit inside you down there!
I asked Scott whether he wanted to put it on himself or did he want me to do it, and that was the option he chose. I sat up and touched his thing for the first time. Penis, dick, cock. Whatever you called it, it was a damn strange thing to be dangling between his legs, and his was different to the other two I'd dealt with in the last 24 hours.
It took me a moment to work it out -- I wasn't exactly an expert in these things, although my lack of knowledge was fast being dealt with -- as the overall size seemed fairly similar to both Connor and David. I then realised the reason that this looked like a big mushroom was because he was circumcised. With the other guys, that part had been hidden away, and they looked the better for it.
The wide pointy top part -- the tip -- was a sort of angry red colour, with the rest of the shaft a shade of some form of dirty cream. There was probably a colour chart out there somewhere if I ever wanted to paint something in these shades. Which I didn't.
I put the condom on the end and then worried about which way up it was supposed to go. That had never been covered, but I quickly figured out that there was a little bubble part on one side and that was probably the top. With that upright, I started to roll it down. It needed two hands working together, one to control the stem part, and the other on the latex.
He was making it difficult for me to get to it though, and to keep hold. With me now sitting up to reach him my boobs had dropped back into existence. He had bent over to get his mouth over one again, at the same time as still fingering me. That all made it difficult to see what I was doing and also to concentrate properly.
It wasn't like I was getting horny or anything (or not too much anyway), but I was getting turned on enough by this that I could feel his fingers sliding in and out rather nicely now, as opposed to the pressure he had needed a few minutes ago. My breathing was changing as well, and I was feeling a little light-headed. Totally normal physical reactions I thought. Not a sign that I wanted this, or was happy about what I was doing, but just automatic responses.
This was not completely true though, but I kept telling myself that. Anything else would mean that I was giving in to what I'd been ordered to do here, and I wasn't having that. I wasn't having that at all! I was a good girl who was waiting for the right guy before screwing his brains out. Surrender now would change me.
Mission accomplished with the condom, I let him guide me down onto my back again. He touched me where he wanted while I gently tried to manoeuvrer myself under him, with his legs between mine. From previous experience, with inserting a decent variety of things, I knew that I was ready for him down there.
While the touching was perfectly pleasant -- and indeed more than pleasant -- to let him continue made me complicit in this. I needed him to do his business so that I could get out of this room. My room. Crap, this was going to change my relationship with my room. My place of refuge was no longer that, and the blackmailing bastard would probably keep challenging me in here. I needed to find somewhere else to be able to clear my head without thoughts of this intruding.
And then we were there, or almost there anyway. He was clearly trying to get his cock into me but couldn't find the entrance. I had to reach down and guide him in as it was lower than he seemed to be aiming. Given that he'd had a number of fingers in there just a few moments before, you'd think he would have been fine at this.
A second or two later and it was in. I was no longer a virgin. For that matter neither was he. Flat on my back, on my own bed covers, I'd succumbed to him -- and to my blackmailer's wishes. You would have thought that he would have had a big event planned for this, a 'grand opening' in a way, rather than just plain old sex with one guy of my own age. I could add to my list of information about him that taking virginity was seemingly no big deal, unlike most men.
Scott was holding his torso above me, and concentrating on trying to get his movements right. He actually came out once as he pulled too far back, but got himself back inside with no further trouble. He was a bit enthusiastic with his thrusting, and I guessed that this was a result of watching porn and having no real-world experience.
Once he seemed to think he was getting the hang of it he lay flat against me, and that improved my experience a little. I'd been just lying there and 'taking it' as a friend of mine would say, getting nothing special from what was happening, but the body down pressing onto mine markedly increased the physical sensations.
I still didn't get the point though. Masturbating with a handy toy, while playing with my boobs and body as needed, felt better than this. I wondered if it was because I had no ongoing relationship with him? But no. Plenty of people had one-night stands where there was no prior relationship, and that was still supposed to be good.
Sex was meant to be one of the great driving forces of human culture, something all men, and many women were chasing. I'd been thinking about it for years, as were my peers. And this was... meh, was the closest I could come to expressing my feeling. It was a weird sensation and not unpleasant, but not something I'd have crossed the road to experience either.
Movies, books, friends and family. All of these had spoken of sex as something magical, something special, something to look forward to with anyone -- but when you found compatibility, well then. It was something truly special.
I felt cheated somehow, as if everyone knew it was a bit rubbish but there was a big con going on. A bit like the Emperor's New Clothes, and no one could be the first to admit that there was nothing to see here. Sex was bland and boring once you'd got past the whole build-up and foreplay stage. Well, that was disappointing.
We, or rather he, continued with what he was doing. One hand holding a boob, clenching it every so often, but nothing more, the other arm flat on the bed and being used for leverage and support. He was kissing me at times, and I was responding when he did, but I was basically hoping for him to be done soon as I wasn't very comfortable.
Part of that problem was his legs rubbing on my thighs, so I tried to move them wider and break the contact. Presumably, that would increase his access down there, and maybe make it easier. That could only be a good thing and help him get on with the job -- not that he seemed to need any encouragement going from the comments he was making.
He had clearly learned well from whatever videos he'd been watching, and his grunts and 'oh yes, oh fuck, oh yes,' could have come straight from the soundtrack from any of them. I'd barely made any noise, except where the air had been forced out of my chest as he pushed up. Bugger. I'd better try and fake some kind of encouragement to help him on his way. I didn't want him here all day!
The porn girls he was probably used to would have been faking orgasms, and he wouldn't know a real one if it, well, if it happened. I decided that rather than lie here like a dead fish, I would try and show some enthusiasm and get him off. And then get him off me!
My legs had been spread wider so that his were not rubbing against them in the same way, but they were still not comfortable. I decided to raise them in the air and out of the way -- and it then made sense to make the most of his body being there to rest them on. That was another classic porn move wasn't it, to wrap your legs around the bloke?
Doing this changed everything.
"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh yes, oh YES, oh Scott, oh fuck YES." Suddenly I wasn't faking anything. I'd planned to speak words of encouragement to him, but all the words had gone out of my head. Almost everything had gone out of my head.
Moving my legs like that had altered the position of my hips so that both his angle of entry and the way he was lying on me had changed. His groin was now pushing against my clit, stimulating it, but it was his cock that seemed to have magically come alive inside me.
I'd found my G-spot years ago but had no idea that the feel of a man there, combined with his thrusting in and out, the sensations of the cock pushing me apart and then moving deep inside me, could possibly do this.
He suddenly slowed down and put a hand lightly over my mouth. "Shhh, Amy. You'll wake up the neighbourhood!" He started again, putting his hand on my throat and squeezing gently. I wasn't sure if that was to try and keep me quiet or was some stupid porn move, but I didn't care less.
I just wanted him to get back up to speed and fuck me. Fuck me, fuck, fuck, oh bloody hell! I could hear myself now, hear what he must have been trying to keep quiet. I sounded like some actress on the web. Paid to emulate the noises of sex and, if this is what it was like in real life, doing a pretty good job.
It couldn't last though. I was moaning away like a banshee, just loving the feelings deep inside me, barely conscious even of the sticky squelching sound as he pulled back each time and then went balls deep in my pussy. Suddenly I wanted this more than anything in the world. Needed this. I could understand some of the other girls around me better. If this was a beginner, then just think what the experienced guys could do for me!
He came with a loud explosion of noise. A few more wild thrusts, a few more groans, and it was over. I wasn't done yet and needed more, but even I knew that wasn't going to happen. Once a guy had shot his load then it was going to take him a while to get it up again.
I asked him to use his fingers on me. Actually, I begged him to do it. Begged this near-stranger (although in the circumstances it was odd to think of him that way) to finger fuck me and take me over the edge. He proved reluctant -- maybe it was the icky combination of our juices, our sweat, the noises being made -- I'm not sure why.
He was perfectly content to sit and watch me though. Watch me masturbate and finish off what had been started. I didn't care, I just needed to get this done, and the whole group of them, and the bastard blackmailer if it came to it, could watch as long as I got the job done.
If he'd thought I was loud before, then he must have got a shock when it happened. I know that I did! I'd never been brought to that level before, and, rather than moan, I let out a near scream of passionate delight. I'd never felt like this before and couldn't hold back. Didn't want to hold back.
The sweat was pooling on my chest when I finished but, with the heat I was giving off, it wouldn't be there for long. I tried smiling up at him but stopped in panic when I saw what he was doing, my mood nearly ruined.
He'd taken the condom off and was reaching for a box of tissues, clearly going to wipe himself down. My instructions, my orders, had been to use my mouth to do that, and I think I shocked him by moving suddenly, bending, and latching my mouth onto his cock.
He was largely deflated now, but it still had a little bit of life in it, at least it seemed that once he realised what I was doing there was a slight spring to it. It still seemed an oddly large mushroom-headed thing without the foreskin to cover it but, once in my mouth, it was fine. At least there was no chance of having to deep-throat him or anything.
It was just a case of using my tongue to get into the grooves under the head and to suck it clean -- something made easier by him being circumcised. I was fully aware that it was a mix of his cum and whatever the weird-tasting chemical was from inside the condom, but, right now I totally didn't care. My head was still full of what had happened -- the discovery of sex being that good -- that what I was doing right now barely computed.
He was looking down at me with a face showing a combination of bliss and pleasure when I was done. I could hardly blame him. I had no idea if he'd thought much of me in a sexual way before this weekend, but after wandering around nude, he had to have been doing so recently. And for me to basically drag him to my room for a fuck... hell, his thoughts must be a mush right now!
Taking the used condom from his hand, I threw the squidgy plastic over to the waste bin. It hung on the side for a second, then fell outwards onto the floor. I'm now the sort of girl that has used condoms lying on her bedroom floor. Classy, Amy, real classy!
Nothing here showed me as a girl of any class at all. As far as Scott was concerned, I was a freak, and he had to be thinking of me as a slut. His two friends out there must be thinking the same. I wasn't sure how long we'd taken in my room, but they had to know that we were not comparing course notes!
It seemed a bit redundant to tell Scott not to say anything to the others, but I went through the now usual reasons with him. I might not be allowed to continue with my nudity. I might get thrown out of these rooms. He might not get to, well, get to do this again. Not that I was promising anything, not at all, but if there was ever to be a chance, then he needed to keep his mouth shut.
He wasn't arguing about any of this. He just sat on the bed, back against the wall and looked at me. I still had no idea what he was thinking, and this was not the time to sit down and find out. It was now that I remembered the rest of the task. Fuck Scott, clean his cock with my mouth, then go straight back out to his friends without cleaning myself up. Oh crap!
Telling him to take his time and sort himself out (while hoping that he'd take no time at all), I turned on my heel, picked up the laptop, and left the room. For a second, I caught a glimpse of my appearance in the mirror and wished that I'd had the foresight to look away.
From top to toe I looked like a girl that had just been fucked. Hair in a complete mess and what make-up was visible was not in the right place -- mascara streaked towards my temples, and the only bit of lippie left on was smeared to one side of my mouth. My throat was showing a hand print -- and my boobs had quite obviously been well handled recently.
In that single glance I didn't see any liquids coming out of my pussy, but I could feel them. Now that I was standing up and moving around, I was quite positive that I was leaking and that before long it would be dripping down my leg. I had seen that my hated inner lips had done their swelling thing though, and were now sticking through to the outside.
My movements had taken me through the door before I had a chance to register what I'd seen. Not that it would have done any good. I had to go out as I was. I couldn't even turn my back on them, even if I could come up with a good reason to do so, as I presumed that my back was patterned with the quilt cover design as well.
Mike was back out from Scott's room and was seated next to, and playing the game with, Paul. Not for long though. As soon as I came into sight they stopped. The game didn't, but they did. Mouths agape, and clearly having a hard time taking me in. The noises from the TV seemed to signify that one of their characters had died and, at that prompt, they realised what was happening and paused it.
Now that I was here, I wasn't sure what to do. I thought that it had said to just join them until Scott came back out of the room, but this was super awkward. I had nothing to say to them, and thankfully they were not managing to say anything to me either. Nothing they could come up with would make this any better.
Placing the laptop onto the coffee table, I sat on the sofa where I'd been earlier. Was I meant to spread my legs again this time to show them everything as I had before? It seemed like the sort of thing that was going to be horrible, and so mandatory for me. I just could not remember my instructions that well right now, so did it to be sure. Spread them to show off my octopus-like dark inner pussy lips. An area that was glistening with my juices, literally dripping with them, at this time.
If they'd had any doubts as to what I'd been doing, then those were now dispelled. They'd been warned about Amy the girl that liked to wander around in the nude and had met her earlier. Now they were meeting Amy the slut. How could they think otherwise? I'd pulled their friend into a room and fucked him and was now here showing them everything. Everything.
The way they kept looking at each other and then back to me spoke volumes. Words were not needed, but they would have been something like this. "Look at the slut, she's just asking for it! Flaunting herself like this can only mean one thing -- we get to go next! One, or maybe both together, but she is desperate for it. Just look at her with her legs open like that!"
If they made a suggestion to me, or tried something physical, I wasn't sure what to do. I was supposed to either entertain them, or spend time with them. I was uncertain which, and they seemed to have very different connotations at this time. Entertain could mean getting frisky -- at the least -- if they wanted it that way.
Help came from an unlooked-for, and unlikely source. The front door opened, and I turned my head to see Connor coming through. He had the key in one hand and a carrier bag from the supermarket downstairs in the other. I could see the green top of a plastic milk carton poking from the side, but not what the rest of the contents were.
The two guys sat back on the sofa now, seemingly unsure about this new development and how that altered the situation. I wasn't sure about that either. I hardly thought that Connor was going to ravish me on the spot, but he did come around the corner of the sofa to take me fully in. On seeing me showing a leaky pussy in the open like this he did his one eyebrow-raising thing and turned to look at the other guys.
And then, of course, Scott came out of my room. All four of us turned to look at the noise of the door opening and watched him walking down the length of the room towards us -- a little hesitantly as he got closer as he seemed to think everyone was staring at him rather than just taking in the situation. Connor got it fast enough and had a huge grin on his face as he turned to look at me again.
Scott was out, so I was now free and desperate to leave. I stood and tried to get past Connor, to get to my room and escape the looks from all the guys, to escape the thoughts of what they wanted to do to me. I knew that they were going to talk about it, but if I could only get into my room and lock the door behind me that would be something!
Taking the laptop from the table I stood, then paused as I saw a fair-sized damp patch on the sofa where I'd been sitting. What I would have done in other circumstances was get a wet cloth and clean up after myself. I couldn't do that now though, I just needed to escape the situation, get the hell out of the room.
Knowing that this was a further thing to haunt me, I turned away and tried to through the gap between the sofas and away from Connor so that I could head to my bedroom. He blocked me, just for a moment, just long enough to say one word in my ear before he let me go.
"Slut."
He knew what I'd been like with him last night, and he had made me admit that I was a slut before he'd allowed me to suck his cock. I'd lied and done so as I'd no real choice as I needed to get the task completed. I wasn't sure if he'd believed it then, although he had good reason to, but this was surely the icing on that particular cake. Amy was a slut okay. Her behaviour left it in no doubt.
As I walked away, doing the walk of shame before these boys, he added a further comment. I'd been called names before, who hadn't, but this was something that hit home and hurt more than anything that had ever been sent in my direction up to this point.
Connor said, "Your daddy would be so proud if he could see you right now," and then gave Scott a high five. As I walked away I could hear the sound of the others giving him one as well. I had to walk away from them conscious that I was still slowly dripping and feeling absolutely humiliated. Why the hell did he have to say that to me!
My dad would be so incredibly saddened and disappointed if he could see me now. It was not just the casual sex, nor the being out here naked. If that was what I wanted, then he would -- while not understanding, possibly (probably, let's face it, almost certainly), disapproving -- have supported my right to do these things. It was the fact of my being absolutely mortified that was the issue.
As I walked back to my room, I couldn't quite hear what the four of them were saying but, as I closed the door, there was a lot of laughter. It didn't take much imagination to guess that I was the main topic of conversation. Amy the slut. Would Scott tell them that I was his first, or would he be too busy boasting of his prowess?
The tears were flowing as I closed and locked the door behind me. I wasn't sure if any of them would try and follow me -- I thought not, as it would be obvious to all due to the design of the flat -- but wasn't going to take that chance. I put the laptop onto the desk and plugged it in, and almost immediately it started to speak.
'Well done, Amy. I'm glad to see that you are following my instructions to the letter. Now, take a quick shower before applying make-up etc. and having lunch. Be back here at two o'clock. Next, we take a look at the ladies.'
Student Life Part 8 ends here...