I thank JustASimpleGirl for comments and editing. All errors are my own.
*****
"I want to watch you strip for me." I whisper in your ear as we enter the hotel room with you in the lead. My hand in the small of your back and my breath warm on your neck and ear.
I see the flush run down your neck and feel the shudder in your spine.
We step into the room and, stepping out of my penny loafers, I walk over to the little sofa sitting nearly in the middle. It's a large room, with a sitting area and a low coffee table. I have taken the liberty to move the coffee table out of the way before we met for breakfast. The area provides a stage for your performance.
You stand there for a moment, blushing furiously, but your eyes and your nervous smile reveal your excitement. You wear a flowing color print peasant style skirt and a dark tank top with a sheer white cover up on top. I can see you come to a decision as a slight smile crosses your face. "Only if you're cock is in your hand."
I almost laugh out loud. This is the delight I find in you. You want me to take charge, but you want the fantasy your way, and even more, I probably want that too. With a big smile and little bit of a chuckle, I nod my ascension. Standing, I unbuckle my belt and unfasten my tan slacks. I let them fall to my ankles revealing my blue boxers with a light red paisley pattern. I start to sit back down but your voice, almost sharp, stops me, "totally off!"
I look up at you, "and the shirt too! Completely naked!" Your voice rising as you point your finger at me.
"So, basically you want me to strip first?" I kind of challenge you. I know you want to strip for me, and I want to watch, so I'm a little puzzled.
"No, I want you naked. I don't really want to watch you get there, and I certainly don't want a long show. I'm the show." You blush again, clearly slightly embarrassed at how much you want to be the center of attention.
I laugh and shake my head, acquiescing to your desires. I use my feet to kick my trousers off while I'm unbuttoning my blue, short sleeve dress shirt. I work on the buttons as quickly as I can and as it falls open you whimper a little. "W...wait. Leave the shirt like that."
I oblige and then push the boxers down. My already semi-erect cock bounces free and I hear another whimper from you as I sit. I lean back into the chair, flushing a little myself at my rather inept stripping. My cock is hard and fully erect, pointing, as it does, up toward my bare chest. The shirt open, tails just barely resting on my hips.
"Stroke yourself while you watch me, but don't cum." Your words soft, but your tone clearly commanding.
You have already removed your shoes and you slowly start to sway, "this would be easier with music."
I had totally forgotten. I reached over and used the remote to turn on the Pandora station I'd already set on the hotel TV. Soft jazz began to fill the room. Your body took up the rhythm and you nodded your approval.
My hand gently gripped my cock as I watched, my eyes roving up and down your body, caressing every curve until I catch your eye. You lock onto me and I focus on your face. In the edge of my eyesight, you slowly shrug out of the sheer top, leaving only the tank top. Your skin is lovely and creamy smooth, my eyes drop to your cleavage. I could see it before, but somehow even removing the sheer cover up highlights it more. The line where your breasts come together draws my attention. The curve of the exposed part of your breasts makes me hunger for more.
Your hips sway with the soft beat, my eyes rove down to watch them. So curvy and full. Womanly. My mind goes to how it would feel to grab them, to fuck you so hard, my stroking picks up a little speed.
I watch as your hands grasp the hem of the tank top. Slowly, in time with each beat, you begin to pull it over your head. Your slow rhythm is maddeningly frustrating. I want to get up and rip the clothes from your body, but I love the tease. I can see the smile on your face. You're enjoying my apparent frustration, even if you're blushing with slight embarrassment. As the hem of the shirt reveals your belly button I slightly whimper.
Slowly the shirt continues its rhythmic rise until the bottom of your bra comes into view. It's black, and satin, and your full breasts fill it. As the rest of your bra comes into view and the tank slides over your head, I let my gaze ravage you. I'm starting to feel that warm tightness that I know is an early harbinger of my climax, so I let my cock rest, my hands now resting on my thighs.
As the shirt clears your head, your hair bounces back down to your shoulders. You notice that I've stopped stroking, "I want to see that hand on your cock, all the time," your admonishing tone suggesting that it's a quid pro quo.
"But..." I begin.
"If you wanna see my butt, I wanna see you ..." You start to giggle at the joke and we both laugh for a second.
"OK, Ok," I put my hand back on my cock, four fingers on the bottom, my thumb on top. I don't stroke much, I'm already closer than I think is wise.
You start to sway in rhythm again and your hands slide up and down your sides. Occasionally cupping and stroking your breasts.
I am riveted, my eyes trying to take in every inch of your body. Your hands slide back down your sides until your thumbs hook into the elastic waist band of the skirt. Your curvy hips sway with the beat and slowly the skirt inches down your hips. As your right hip rises to the beat, you slide the skirt down that side, just a little more. Then your left hip rises with the next beat, and the skirt slides down the opposite side.
My frustration at the pace is only outweighed by the sheer eroticism of your strip tease. Inch by maddening inch, the skirt works down your hips. Your black lace and satin bikini briefs slowly come into view. I can see your hip bones and that curve of flesh up to them.
Finally, they pass the broadest part of your hips. The view of your panties, hugging your pussy lips lasciviously, comes to fruition. The last few inches down and the skirt drops to your ankles. I look up, and you are slightly bent over, your full breasts almost spilling out of the form fitting bra. You face is red with a mix of arousal and embarrassment as you see the hunger in my eyes.
I am just barely holding my now throbbing cock. I fear that one or two slow strokes is all it would take to push me over the edge. You lick your lips, a slight smile of satisfaction crosses your face.
Straightening, your arms reach behind you. I see the taught fabric of the bra stretch tighter for a just a moment and then loosen completely as you unhook it. Your breasts, almost spilling out from the top a moment ago, are now pushing the bra up as the try to escape the lower edge. Your arm holds the fabric to your chest as you shrug out of the straps. You stand there, your hands covering your breasts with your bra.
"Stroke it, or I stop," you whisper.
I moan a slight protest about being close but I start to stroke it.
"Don't cum," you admonish again as you slowly pull the bra away. Your breasts, so full and generous, are completely revealed. The nipples hard and visible against the dusty rose skin surrounding them.
I slowly stroke, the base of my cock beginning to ache with the desire for release. It is all I can do as I clench the muscles in my pelvic floor, doing "man Kegels" to thwart my impending release. You smile at my struggle and your hips resume their swaying.
I can tell you're enjoying teasing me. And you're enjoying watching me stroke myself.
Your hands resume their rhythmic gliding. Cupping your breasts and brushing your nipples. Your eyes staring first at my cock and then finally, we look right at each other. The stare is more intimate and intense than I expected and I pause in my stroking again.
"Stroke," you whisper seductively. I moan again.
Your hands each cup a breast and your fingers find your nipples. Your eyes close, but mine cannot look away as you pinch, tease and tug. Your face and chest flushing with desire and arousal, your hips and body swaying with the sultry jazz beat.
I stop stroking again as I watch. I want to cum. I want to grab you, yank the last wisps of fabric from your ass and plunder your body. I need you. But I wait, my breath now in ragged gasps.
Slowly your hands slide down your sides to your hips again and thumbs hook under the lace edge of the now visibly damp satin panties. I can tell you're almost as aroused as me.
"Do you want me naked?" you ask, knowing that answering is almost torture.
"Yessss," I hiss out.
Slowly one side begins to slide down, "yes what?" Your voice, thick with arousal, but ever so playful and flirting.
I was a little perplexed, but "yes, please?"
Another inch on the other side, the top of your cleanly shaven mons starting to appear.
"Should I keep going?"
Now I'm almost begging, "Please, I need you naked."
You flush again, my begging and arousal taking you close, too.
Still, frustratingly slowly, the panties slide down your hips. Your pussy, freshly shaven, with lips full and aroused, gleaming with wetness as they slowly open to me, freed from their restraint.
As the panties drop to your ankles, you stand and begin to slowly walk toward me. "Keep stroking," you whisper, "don't cum yet though."
I'm now fighting as I try to meet your conflicting demands. Your luscious body, so completely open in front of me, has me on fire. I want you, I need you. And I'm close. I'm ready, I want to fuck you so hard.
In a few steps you're standing in front of me, between my legs. "Move your hand."
I stop, my cock pulsing on its own as I fight to prevent my eruption.
Your legs spread and you climb onto me. I swiftly slide deep into your sex. Your hands grasp at the shirt on my shoulders as you begin to fuck me. Hard. Fast. Desperately.
"Babyyyy," I groan, still fighting to keep myself from cumming.
And then I can't. I can't fight it, my hands grasp your hips as I buck up at you, my cock exploding in your pussy. Wave after wave of my orgasm washing over me as you continue to fuck me. Your body accepting me, taking me, owning me.
As I slow, my hands fall to your sides, my heart still racing, but my body spent. You lean forward and kiss me. Slowly, deeply. My arms wrap around your waist as we melt into each other.
Then you whisper, "I'm gonna fuck you silly, my love."