The following is another fantasy. How would you react if it happened to you? All fictional characters are over 18. It was self-proofed with the help of software, and some mistakes are expected. I have no literary background or education, I just have stories to tell. Comments on the storyline are always appreciated. Feedback often triggers new story ideas.
__________________________________________
My name is Ronnie, or Ron I answer to either one of them. For the last few months, I have been staying with my friends Angie and Randy. When my marriage failed I had to move out. I didn't think it could be fixed as I found out my wife just loves to fuck guys from work. She likes the thrill I guess, as she did not even leave the workplace to cheat. I suspected that she was getting some dick somewhere else and it was finally confirmed. She would have kept getting away with it if she did not get caught in a storeroom naked with one, her boss. They did not realize the blinking light coming from a dark corner meant that there was a camera there and that it was online. It was almost like they were trying to get caught, the camera got a side shot that showed everything, even her breasts bouncing out of control. They both got fired and she gave me a story that I later found out did not match the facts.
I was out one night having some drinks and someone that worked at her company showed me a clip on his phone of my wife fucking. He did not even know her, and surely did not know that she was my wife. I watched everything on his phone, including the overweight older boss giving her a facial. I questioned the guy who showed it to me, and he told me an IT guy he knows passed on the video footage to selected friends.
It was pretty embarrassing having someone that was a stranger to me show me a fuck video of my wife. "Check out this slut, have you ever seen tits that big flopping up and down as she took a dick in both her pussy, and her ass?"
I had no comment, but if seeing her face covered in cum was not enough, I could make her from her large breasts. My wife and her boss were naked on the video, it was not one of her sexier moments with her belly bouncing too. She was putting on quite a show, and almost completely blocking the view of the skinny and much older boss whose cock she took in all three holes. They were going at it on a makeshift mattress made of bubble wrap. The video had sound too, I am surprised someone in the office did not hear her. On the video, you could hear the bubbles popping as they fucked, but her noise probably drowned them out. I can't get that sound and vision out of my mind, but haven't lost any sleep over it. The thrill in our marriage was gone for me too I guess. I just did not choose to cheat, although I was tempted.
I moved out and stayed in a motel a few nights. I had an offer from a fellow worker, and her roommate to stay with them for a while. It was working out, but I started having mixed feelings about staying too long with a female coworker and her male roommate. They have become my friends, but I don't want to take advantage. They both claim they love having me, love is a word I had not heard from my wife in a long time. I didn't want to burden them, so I started helping them financially with their rent, groceries, etc. Neither one of them has a job that pays as well as mine.
To give you some background on my relationship with my new roommates, I met my little Angie at work. She works in the office at the company where I work as an engineer. Yes, I must have some feelings other than as a coworker, or I wouldn't refer to her as my little Angie. She has just been so kind to me and has shown me so much love as a friend since the incident with my wife.
Angie does not have a college degree and works as an office assistant, that is what they call it anyway. It is lower than a secretary pay-wise. She does a lot of copying and collating and gets stuck making coffee and such. We bonded when she helped me with a time-consuming project. She put together not just a screen presentation, but a printed booklet to go along with it. She is brilliant, you show her something once and she knows it. It's a shame they don't promote her only because of her lack of a degree. They have more than enough lazy or just plain stupid college grads at my company.
We bonded during that project, ordered in, and ate lunch together a few times. I was extremely attracted to her and thought she had something for me as well. I fought against my feelings for several reasons, the top two were our age difference, and the biggest one was that we worked together. Then I accepted a dinner invitation, and that is when I met her roommate Randy. He and I were closer in age, and was just as nice and easy to get along with as her.
Randy and I bonded too, and even whacked a golf ball around a few times. We are both hackers when it comes to the game, so we just drink beer and have fun when we are out there. We were banned from one course, we had run into too many things with the golf cart and even turned one over. Drinking and golfing don't mix, but it sure makes for a lot of fun. He taught me how to act crazy and have fun. These are things many of us engineers are not naturally good at. They both gave me things I really needed at the time.
When word got around that my wife and I were separated she asked me if I moved out. I told her about the temporary motel solution. It was not long until the two of them jointly offered me an out, it was the upstairs of their small rental home. I took their offer.
All three of us get along well at the house whether it was just two of us, or we all three were there. Us all being there depends a lot on what shift Randy is on, he works swing shifts. The strangest thing I deal with is not knowing what the actual relationship between them is. I don't see a lot of interaction with each other as far as everyday affection goes, but yet they do share a bedroom and a king bed. I have heard them argue, but I also had heard the sounds of fucking going on in there.
I guess I became more interested in what their relationship is since my separation. I was having more problems dealing with the feelings I had for her. When it was just the two of us it was harder to deal with, we acted more like a couple than she and Randy did. I just plain had the hots for Angie, and it kept getting harder to not wear those feelings on my sleeves, more like harder to not show them in my pants. The longer I stayed there the more I was starting to think by her actions she had similar feelings for me, more feelings than as a work or even a roommate would have.
Several times she had crawled up on the sofa next to me. Often she is scantly dressed when she does that, she even does it when Randy is there, why snuggle up to me and not Randy while she is half naked? I say that because she does not wear much in the house, she likes to wear just these cute little shorts, and I mean little. On top her preference is sleeveless, and not too surprisingly oversized tee shirts of Randy's. I found out right away that there was nothing underneath the shirts or shorts. The big arm holes exposed her firm c-cup breasts to me. When she started the habit of cuddling up to me, the cheeks of her ass were partially exposed. I eventually was able to confirm she was without panties. She was sitting at the other end of the sofa then, and in the pose she was in, her labia was partly exposed. There was no evidence of a thong or even a G-string under them.
Was it deliberate, she is a smart girl I thought, so it had to be. But was her purpose to get a reaction from me, or was she playing a game with Randy? I heard of cuckolding, but was this an instance of that type of relationship? No doubt she was sending me signals, confusing ones, and in front of Randy. He could see that, but he did not seem to react in any negative way. He did not wear much around the house either, sometimes just boxers.
I guess I might have sent her some signals that could have been taken as my sexual interest. I started to wear as little as the two of them. I started with only shorts, but I noticed The boxers he often wore did not do a very good job of hiding his excitement, especially when he went to pee, and did not button his fly, something most of us guys do at home. If Angie did not care that his junk was visible through his open fly, I didn't. I guess all guys want to show their penises as much as girls want to show cleavage. They both even suggested it during a hot spell. On hot days it was suggested that I join him in only my skivvies. I had boxers and some high-priced sexy briefs that never seemed to impress my wife. But now I was in a situation that made me want to at least try to compete, and you can't help but display part of an excited cock in boxers with an occasional unbuttoned fly, or even a flaccid dick in briefs. The briefs got more attention from Angie, especially if I was partly hard, and I liked that.
Both of our willingness to show more had become obvious. I was the biggest benefactor when we would watch TV together. She almost always picked my lap to lay on. Much of her ass was exposed, as the shirts she wore were long, but apparently they were all she had on. How could I help not to get boners when she would curl up and put her head on my lap as we watched? There was only a thin layer of nylon between her head and my junk. Her breasts and hard nipples were evident through one of Randy's sleeveless shirts, so I could not put my arm over her in that area. I had to put my hand somewhere, so I put it on her waist, as it was usually the lowest part of her I dared to go, as it was covered by shirt.
It became my habit when she did this. I felt like a teen making my first move every time I did it and moved my hand a little lower. One night when I had my hand down on her waist, she turned her head and gave me a look I can only describe as bedroom eyes. She curled up even tighter in a ball then, and I felt her hand on my wrist. She was not moving my hand away, she lifted it to move it below the shirt. Now my hand was 100% on her bare ass, not far from her crotch. I was a bit surprised but happy and OK with that, it was the closest it had been to her pussy at that point.
Randy was observing as he spoke.
"That's it you sexy little minx, I like that view, but if you pull up that shirt of mine you have on, it will be even better."
A surprising statement with her on my lap. She did what he requested though, she reached and pulled the shirt up enough to reveal her ass to Randy more than to me. Then he added, "Now that is fair to me, but not to our roommate Ron, don't leave him out, just take it off."
Despite her normal dress being so sexy, I thought he was just kidding. She sat up and asked me to help her. Once she had it halfway up, I knew she was serious, and helped her finish taking it off. That was my first time seeing her completely nude, it shocked me even more that it was in front of Randy. She laid her head back down on my now out-of-control erection. She was not done, then she got a hold of my wrist again, and this time pulled it up close enough to her pussy to feel her wetness. I liked that, but I was in such big trouble down below.
My little guy below liked it so much that he tried his best to stand up and salute her actions. I was having a hard time keeping my hand from moving up on her as well. My cock was so hard my knob was just barely out of my leg of my briefs. I did not want to use my other hand to cover it, and acknowledge it, if I even could.
She turned her head toward me to get more comfortable I thought. But I probably was wrong about that, as I was pretty sure it was her lips that were making contact with the tip of my penis. I did not want to look or react, as I knew she would have busted me. Then I felt her tongue lick my knob. Then I knew she had turned her head to do it, and purposely tease me. It felt good though, but now my knob was all the way out, and her cheek was laying on it.
I felt I was getting mixed signals. When Randy left to go drain some of the beer he drank, and take back empty bottles, and get us both fresh ones, she moved my hand up again. While he was gone she was back to licking my knob, as she put my hand on her pussy. She was giving me a knob job, so I just had to penetrate her with a finger and feel her wetness. He was not gone long, but long enough for me to finger her as she took my knob in her mouth. It was all I could do not to shift my hips and push it in further. How I kept from coming is was a miracle.
I was so worked up and hard, I did not want to quit when he returned. But I did, and as soon as some of the swelling went down I took my turn to pee, trying hard not to show my partial boner as I left for the bathroom. I was surprised I did not cum when she was mouthing my cock.
I came back into the room, and she had the shirt back on but had her head leaning on the arm of the sofa. This position with the shirt pulled up exposed her bald pussy to both of us still. I could feel my cock growing so instead of joining them, I excused myself to go to bed. I told them I had a tiring day, and that was true. I was still worked up though, and that was the biggest reason I retired. So I climbed on my bed with some tissues and got to it.
After that night I was back to dressing that way most of the time, I had not been able to do that since I was single. Angie continued to wear so little, and even found ways to justify being nude on more occasions. It was kind of like it was a set up by them. I would more often see all of her in an evening, just not always at the same time. I wanted to ask her more about things, like their relationship, but she is not just a roommate but a coworker who answers to me. That puts me on a slippery slope as far as going any further. My God I wanted her though!
What makes this so odd is that I have never seen her do the kind of things she did with me, with Randy while in front of me. He seemed to like seeing her interact sexually with me. Was he a cuck, and the game was for her to get me to fuck her in front of him? It seemed like there was some kind of plan in the works, strange things turn some people on.
It made me confused about my assumption they had a much deeper relationship than roommates. But why else would they share a bedroom when there was almost a full suite upstairs that was unused until they let me have it. Their bedroom only had one bed, a King, that left little room for dressers, they shared one. Did she move into his bedroom so they could invite me to stay with them?
One day I came in the front door unexpectedly, and I heard some serious fucking noises in there. I backed out of the door and hit a neighborhood bar for a while before going back. Randy was not home when I got back, I then remembered I was gone long enough, that he would have had to leave for his work shift. So I had to wonder if it was a quick fuck before work, or if she had another or even more than one other lovers?
Things did not change, she continued to be half or all the way naked in front of us, she would even come on to me, and often in front of him. She was just taking things to the edge. One time she came in and just stood there in next to nothing.
Randy asked, "What's up Buttercup?"
"Your and Ron's penises appear to be stiff, I am trying to decide whose lap to sit on. I have no panties, and thinking about losing the shirt again. I guess I just liked being naked for both of you at once and you know I like the feel of a hard penis between my cheeks."
He replied, "Your choice, I like seeing you tease him. He seems to like it too."
Well, I was her choice, she lost the shirt right there in front of us, and crawled up boldly and sat on my cock nude. There I was with my arms around her, her breasts resting on my forearms, and my hardening cock was covered with only the nylon of my shorts, and partly in her crack. She was blocking my view of the TV, but I did not care. As long as her bare butt was on my hardon, and her tits were on my arms, I was happy. Nothing more was said, was she waiting for me to speak, or make a move? If she was I waited too long, as when Ronnie who was surfing the streaming services, and found an old somewhat sexy movie cam on she must like, and she told him to start it. Then she leaned back and rested her head against my chest to watch it.
I was both disappointed and proud of myself. A sexy scene came on later, and a girl with larger breasts was topless, and was making out with the male lead. She pulled my hands up on her breasts and asked me, "What do you think of these, are they as nice as hers"
I was getting used to her nude teasing with Ronnie present, and gave her an answer that any man who had been married would, but added some to it.
"They feel much nicer than hers look. But if you are going to be that bold, do you think my hard cock that is resting in your crack is bigger than the one on him that they are not showing?"
"I don't know, a girl has to have to blow or fuck a guy to know how big one is. I have done some of that with Ronnie, but only have seen and licked your knob a little."
Nothing happened, it should have though, I now know it would have if I had the courage. She encouraging me, but also was leaving it up to me, and Ronnie did not protest what she was doing, but I still was hesitant to push things further. Ronnie paused the movie when Angie requested a potty break. Once I watched her walk nude to the bathroom, and then took in a full frontal when she came back. I just could not get nude with her, with him there. So I made an excuse, then bailed just like I had in the past, and went to my room to masturbate. I was getting pretty frustrated, but don't judge me for not jumping her. Her actions and Ronnie's reactions to them made no sense, and this was uncharted territory for me.
You can see why all this was such a mystery. I had been so tempted just to ask one of them what their relationship was, but everything was going smoothly, so why chance messing it up? I admit her actions are part of the reason I didn't look for my own place. I was at least getting my rocks off often. It kept me from being alone all the time, and the jerk-off material was unlimited. I didn't want to lose the friendship and end up being alone, especially while going through a divorce. The sexual turn-ons were a good part of what I couldn't bare to lose, better masturbation material than watching porn. Every time we watched TV with her head on my lap, even when she kept her tee on, I loved it. But yet I would wait to get to my bedroom to beat off.
A year into the friendship, and close to three months into living with them, the planets finally aligned. Something happened that forced them to need to explain their strange actions and relationship, and how it came about. It started with a surprise for me, well a real shock is a better description. The whole thing did not affect them much though, if at all.
To explain, I had taken an Uber to the airport to fly to the northeast, Boston specifically. They were aware of the trip, we let each other know our work schedules, and in my case my travel schedule. We had become close enough we did not want the others to worry about us. It also helped to figure out when we can share a meal, Angie likes to cook for us and needs to know when she can. I think to her what we are doing is like playing house, and he and I are her children.
I left for the Airport at about 3 pm and sat there, well the flight was delayed so long I started to feel like I lived there, as it was 10:30 before they announced my flight was canceled because of the stormy weather. It was a good thing I had a pass for the airline's lounge. I almost slept there when I found out that the flight was canceled. When I checked in with my boss telling him I was not leaving until the morning, he told me the presentation was moved ahead a week. He had just been notified that the weather kept other principles from getting there. I was not sorry it was, it was work, and he told me I could sleep in and work from home. I figured it meant I could slack off most of the day.
I got an Uber back to the house, and when I walked in that is when I found out some important things, about not just their dress, or lack of. I also was briefed as to what their relationship consisted of. Even though her nudity was not new to me, it was a strange scene I was greeted with. I walked in and Randy was at the kitchen counter, Angie was on the sofa watching TV. Normal? I guess it might have been if either of them had even a stitch of clothes on. I was sure I interrupted something this time.
There was no panic by either of them, Angie just changed her posture a little, I thought it was to show less pussy, but it ended up showing me more. It looked like a pussy that had recently had a cock in it. She casually looked my way and said, what happened to your trip? Now like I said, this was nothing new with her being nude, but then Randy walked into the room with a beer in one hand, and a bowl of pretzels in the other, and his rather large penis as it was swinging with his footsteps. Other than the beer and snacks he looked like some hung jock in a locker room. He acted like he does in his normal attire of boxers. He then waited for me to answer her question. I filled them in on my canceled flight and trip while trying to act as normal as possible and not stare at either of them.
This was the first time I saw them both absent of clothes at the same time, and neither of them was showing any signs of embarrassment, or even discomfort as we talked. What a sexpot, and I now for the first time felt able to totally check her out without judgment from either of them, and I guess I did. I had more time to look her body over as we talked, and maybe that was because she was posing so I could. Her nude body is flawless, with no tattoos, but she had what seemed to be the norm in piercings.
There is something about young breasts, they are always so perky-looking to me. I just loved feeling them in my hands too. Her breasts were no exception, I had thought they were C cups, but could have been B, as on a tiny body like hers they would look bigger. Of course, the one on her clit hood was one I was drawn to examine. Or was it the fact that her pussy looked swollen like one would look after a good fucking from a guy showing as much meat as Randy?
I guess when I came in they interpreted the look on my face as one of surprise, or maybe more accurately, (What the Fuck?) They were right on!
I barely got out the statement, "Gee, I am sorry I did not let you know my trip was canceled before I just came back and rushed in, I can give you your privacy."
Then Randy took control of the situation as he stood there so boldly, even though he was nude. I wondered if he was as comfortable as he looked. I can't imagine being able to stand in front of friends, especially another male with my dick hanging down, and then swinging whenever I moved any part of my body. Was he showing off, I already knew he was hung quite well. I was extremely uncomfortable just looking at him at the time, but he, well both of them continued to act like this was normal to them.
He read my face and actions well, and just calmly held his hand up giving me a signal to stop apologizing.
Then he said, "Hang on a minute Bud, you need to know that the need for privacy while nude is not, and has never been an issue for us. We were both raised as naturists. I hope that explains why we are comfortable nude in front of you, or why we wear so little. We should have made you aware of it, but we were afraid we would lose you as a friend and roommate. People get crazy ideas about the lifestyle, and we put off trying to explain it. Angie teasing, and me egging her on to get nude for you was us trying to get you ready to break it to you. As far as our lifestyle, we have taken things a little further than just nudity. We are pretty comfortable nude with some of our closer friends at times, and we have been both nude and having sex in front of them."
"Just to clear the air on some issues, you can live here clothed, or half clothed, as we noticed that you have adopted our partial dress. We have discussed it though, and agree that you are going to have to get used to seeing us the way we are now. We love having you here but are going to have to get back to what is our normal lifestyle. I guess anytime you live with a lie or lack of information it is not healthy. With that said, I don't want you to think that we would not be comfortable with you making either choice, although we would love to have you join us."
"At the same time, we don't want you to feel pressured in any way. I think though if you have never enjoyed the freedom from clothes, it might be something you want to at least try sometime. A misconception is that nudity by true naturists is connected to sex. It's not to many, it is just a clothes-free lifestyle that we, and many others find freeing. Angie and I happen to be pretty sexually liberated though. I guess if we were not raised by naturists we might still be walking around nude at times, just not as often."
I have to admit that nudity does something to your libido. You almost found that out, we had just finished a great session of wild monkey sex right out here in the open, she probably still has some cum on or around her tits. I seen you looking at her swollen pussy, and her making no effort to hide it from you. Yes, we have sex just like clothed people do. In our case, we are probably a little more willing to have it in front of others we know. I don't mean with swingers, it is usually friends, some we know from growing up, and who are naturists like us. We have been walked in on by friends and just kept going. Again, we are not swingers, but we have sex in a group. Often friend will join us in at least the undressed part, but often end up fucking too if it is a couple. If it is a single, male or female, they may just watch and or masturbate. It's hot to watch, or be watched, and at this point in our relationship, sex is just sex."
"This scene is not out of the ordinary for us when she and I are just here, we have been waiting until we knew you well enough to tell you, but it is hard to judge when that would be. I guess we owe you an apology though, we have waited too long. We should have told you about this before this happened. So I guess there was no time like the present to have this conversation, and explain why we are naked and not in a panic. I am not sure you are past panic yet, so I think we need to get you a cold beer or two first, and then we can just sit and talk some more. I am sure there are other things you want to know."
Well, that is what we did. I sat down and Randy went back to the kitchen to get my beer. Angie again did not attempt to hide any part of her, she got up and got me a coaster. She is anal about the antique coffee table that her great-grandmother left her. I guess this is a pun because an anal view is what I got when she bent over to place one in front of me. It was the debut of an actual close-up of both her swollen bald pussy, and her cute little button of a butt hole to me as she did.
Angie sat back down next to me, and Randy strolled back cock swinging just like the first time. I continued to not be able to get over how relaxed he seemed walking around dick wagging, how relaxed both of them were nude in front of me. I was getting more relaxed in a social way, but I sure was excited sexually. We started with some small talk, mostly details of my canceled business trip first.
Next, they continued to tell me more about their lifestyle, how they met, and how long they had known each other. It was not that long before I met her, Angie was 18, but still a teen maturity wise they claimed. The location was a Naturist Resort that their parents had campers parked in. They grew up with parents in this lifestyle and were exposed to it in a family setting, so nudity was just not a big thing. The connection to sex was not even thought about until they were old enough that all parents should, or in fact, need to have that talk.
He said that parents in the lifestyle are aware that nudity and sex are connected in most people's minds. He explained, "When it was time we were taught how to act and deal with situations."
They both smiled and chuckled when he told me how they became friends. It was while playing volleyball nude at the beach at the lake. Angie and I were new to each other, park rules don't allow nude activities that may involve any kind of contact until a member is at least 18-years-old. "Our petite Angie was playing forward-center on their side of the net, and I was covering the back, and behind her. She backed up to return a ball and ran into it and landed on top of me, the back of her head making contact and bloodying my nose."
"We calmly walked to her parent's trailer as it was closer. We were then rendered first aid by her, MILF of a mom. Angie needed some ice on the back of her head where it hit my nose and forehead, and I had a nosebleed that had to be stopped. So there I was with her mom's tits in my face as she held a cloth and some ice over my nose."
He said, "So I had her MILF mom and Angie to look at, she may have lacked so maturity in some ways, but not her body. You can believe me when I say that I was having trouble keeping my cool as she sat head back tits out nude.
But was having even more trouble trying not to get hard watching her MILF mother showing it all as she was holding some frozen peas on the bump on her head? I was used to the lifestyle from living it with my parents, but you still can't suppress sexual reactions. I would be lying if I did not admit to being hard as a rock. It was not mentioned by her mom, but she was checking it out, so I knew I couldn't lose the hard on unless I covered it with my towel. She was a bit forward in some ways, but she knew I was older and more mature than Angie, she had recently turned 18. I guess me being 20 and out of my teens made me free game to her. We sat there and talked after that, it was just like it would have been with clothed people talking about the event. Yes, I never became completely flaccid, but enough I could uncover it when my penis became under some control."
Angie broke in, "He did get quite a boner, but I don't think I was the cause. My mom was raised in the lifestyle, but she is quite a flirt and always was. So don't think she did not take notice of Randy's lower half, and make sure he got a good view of all of herself. For the record, us not being an item, mostly because of my innocence at 18. It was enough of a difference to make us not normally in the same crowd, so we were not friends, just knew each other from activities. My mom had some real interest though, and later found a way to get him to our place when I was at my dad's. She lured him in with freshly baked cookies, and must have treated her to a big fat cock in return. Just like my parents open marriage, this was not information I was privy to at the time. Now that I am well past that age I know that's just my Mom, and it pretty much describes Randy or any other horny 20-year-old male as well!
Back to Randy who said, "She is right, I was good while she worked on Angie. Her mom was a different story, and her breasts were right there in front of me as she cleaned me up and worked on my nosebleed. Looking at her mom's large tits, and her pussy as she straddled my legs to stop my nosebleed was tough. I got hard of course, and she was sly, without her daughter even seeing, she ground her pussy on my junk. I could not get to my towel to pull it up again. It did not help that she was clearly checking out my sex, my knob was now so close to hers. I found out when I became of legal age that my larger penis started to draw a lot of attention from even much older females."
"But she acted fairly properly that day, as much like a clothed mom as she could since Angie was there. I tried not to let her attention affect me too much, but failed. But Angie's account of the event that happened weeks later was pretty accurate, Angie and I have always been open with each other. When we became more of a couple in the last couple of years, I confessed to having been seduced by, and fucking her mom, she did not seem mad or surprised."
"Back to his mom acting as a nurse. With her mom so close to me keeping pressure on my nosebleed, I finally had to ask her to move back so I could get under my towel. I was losing control of my penis, you can't cover a total hardon in a situation like that. I was so happy when I got back to our camper and my parents were gone so I could take care of things while thinking about both of them, but admit, mostly her mom. I can't say I have not had more incidents like I just described. I got a lot of boners at inappropriate times during, and after puberty. You have to learn how to react and deal with them if you can't stop them with your mind."
Most naturist parents are better at sex education than clothed parents. He added, "I am not just talking about sex, they teach you that just because you are nude, there are other things that remain private. In my case, I was taught that males in a park don't just stop and grab their penis to pee, or that girls don't just squat anytime and anywhere. You go to your camper or nearest bathroom in private. In the park, parents don't display any kind of sex acts in the open. But now I am sure messing around and cheating happened. This was no different than parents living the clothed lifestyle. I will say I never was approached by an adult until I was one legally, but I got some real sex education afterward."
"You look like you need another beer, I know I do, and we got off subject a little. I think we need to continue to talk and answer your questions. If you have never been naked like this in front of others, you have no idea how freeing it is. But sorry, again, I am not trying to pressure you, we love having you as a roommate dressed, half-dressed, or undressed. If you ever do consider joining us, it can be a one-time thing if you don't like it. That way at least you will have a better understanding of why we live this way, and can't continue living a lie. This might be a good time to try it, we are already nude. It is getting late so we will be going to bed soon, and you do have some beer in you, making it easier, and it would be a short time being nude for your first time."
"Look at Angie, she is so extra beautiful and comfortable this way, I know she wants to see you in your natural state as well. You are the only one of us that still looks to be uncomfortable, and the only male unable to control his penis, your boner is evident under your clothes. Angie has been checking it out like she always does."
Well, I was just getting more comfortable hearing they were raised as, nudists. Then I was forced to imagine what the two of them having monkey sex looked like. I felt like maybe I was missing out on something. They were yet to give any details about the sexual part of the relationship they confessed to. I was being driven by my excitement and was afraid that my only chance to ever have Angie was to give up my clothes and try being nude with them. It was my turn to talk and maybe make a decision about the rest of the evening. I was a little tired, but I wanted to hear more, especially about the sexual part of their relationship.
They told me that sex is not that connected to their present relationship, but admitted to fucking fairly regular. I was confused.
The way they handled the nudity though made me curious, well maybe envious is a better description. I felt a little out of place, tempted, yet still hesitant to commit to trying it. That was until I had my fourth beer. With the beer buzz and the presence of my nude roommates, I got the (right then and now) feeling. My mind told me it was time to get naked with them.
I ask, "Well, I love the way you guys are so comfortable, I would like to be that way. I have often imagined what it would feel like to be totally free of clothes with others. I like the dick-out feeling I get alone in the bath or bedroom, and have imagined being in public that way. I have never been nude around regular friends, only girlfriends or my wife. She was not that crazy about seeing me walking around the house dick out. Ironically, as I have confessed to you, I found out later that my wife had no problems being naked with other men who are in strange places. I want you to understand that I get it, and want to give it a try. I just hope you realize that my penis might not understand as well as Randy's does. It's hard for me to conceive that I can have much if any control over mine."
That was when they showed me that they were sitting on white towels, and Angie stood up and pointed to hers she was sitting on the leather sofa. Randy said, "I guess the best thing to do is show you that I still can get hard without no, or only a slight stimulation, but I stay prepared for them with a towel handy."
He walked over to Angie and she put her hand under his balls and just cupped them. She played with them but only a moment, then pulled back after very little stimulation. By the time Randy got back to his chair, he was showing serious wood. He said, "This is what we males do when we do get a boner at an inappropriate time, we use our towels for temporary cover if we are uncomfortable showing in the crowd we are in. Right now I don't need my towel for cover, despite showing some wood as part of this demonstration for you. I feel comfortable nude and aroused with both of you. I know you can get used to it as well, but only with time."
"There are many other reasons to have a towel with you, people in a park you will seldom see not carrying one. Some of the nonsexual reasons are so that you don't get a splinter in your ass, or for us guys to not snag our nut sacks on a nail not well pounded in. The parks are full of picnic, and other types of wooden benches. I won't lie and tell you there are not some hygiene reasons as well. You invite someone in your camper you expect them to sit on their towel on your furniture, they will usually have their own towel."
"Some of the sexual reasons for having a towel handy are for more than covering an unexpected hardon. They also come in handy during and after sex. Angie used her towel to lay on the sofa, then clean up the cumshot I gave her during our sex session before you got here. She won't let me cum inside her, but she looks so sexy with her tits covered with my spunk. I think you would have liked to see her take one, or give her one yourself if the situation presents itself."
"The way we choose to live would mean that if you joined us that way, what you two do with others or each other would be none of my business. She and I are not exclusive, or even romantically involved anymore. When we were exclusive, we used to argue a lot, then found the kind of love we had for each other was more like friends with benefits have. We just like sex of most types. We have other lovers, she has admitted to me that some guys she will let cum inside her. That's her choice."
Now I was more interested, the chance of having sex with Angie sold me. Even if I didn't have the feelings I had for her, and it was just for the sex. I had not had sex with someone in months.
I think Randy could read my excitement and added, "I will be happy to grab you a towel if you want to give it a try tonight. But if you do, don't come back here with a towel wrapped around you, having it over your shoulder and ready as you walk around is proper naturist behavior."
I was ready, with the buzz I had on, and the subject being discussed, there was not going to be a better time.
"I am going to try it with you, and I have one or two white towels in my room. I am sweaty from sitting in these clothes all day, so give me just enough time to rinse off, and I will be back. Just have another cold beer waiting for me, I am going to need it."
I was then looking forward to shedding them, and less nervous about being nude in their presence. I understood the towel thing, my ass had been sweating from sitting around at the airport. I rinsed off in the small bath and shower in my upstairs bathroom. I felt great, I dried with one of my towels, and then I grabbed a dry towel. I looked myself over in the mirror and with the help of the beer buzz I convinced myself I had nothing to be ashamed of. Then I picked up the towel just as the little guy in my head said, (You look great, but your dick is out dude, and about to join friends that way for the first time. Don't freak out, but no matter what, you are going to get one hell of a boner in front of Angie.)
But I threw the towel over my shoulder and came down the steps nude anyway. I tried to look bold and was fine as I walked over to sit where Angie was pointing. I felt free just like they said, but I was not without some nerves. I sat right next to Angie, as that was where she wanted me. I put my towel down, looked at her breasts, and partially exposed pussy, and then down to see my cock reacting already. She was looking too, I wondered if she was in the position she was just to tease me. I thought it was a setup when Randy, well was sitting in a chair, trying not to, but laughing. He was laughing because I was trying to lift the sides of what I found out was too small of a towel for my boner. If I was going to do this regularly I was going to have to get a couple of bigger towels to keep an advanced erection covered.
Angie stopped me, "We are all friends, not even close to being strangers, so no need to cover it with us. If you do it will just make it take longer to get used to being in the raw with others. Yes, I am and have been showing you too much, I know my pussy has been on display. I can't help it, I have sexual feelings for you. This is new, give it time, and don't deprive me of a chance to see your cock, well both of your cocks while I sit here displaying myself. As far as the two of us, we have worked together closely, so it is not unusual for us to be curious. You had to want to know what was under my clothes. I did, and am not disappointed, you look so hot with that boner.
Even though I recently had casual sex, I am turned on by seeing what I have only felt pressing against me in the past. Even having my lips on your knob was not like seeing it hard in this situation. Don't tell me you have not been checking out my breasts, and coochie. Even though you have felt parts of them, it's going to take a while to get some control. You will never completely be able to disassociate nudity with sex. But you will see, Randy and I sometimes go whole days nude without fucking, and just enjoy the freedom of being nude."
Well, that last statement did help my confidence but did nothing to stifle my boner. If anything it made it harder. I was not able to control the increased speed of its response, her curiosity was soon fulfilled.
Randy said then, "Let's just finish telling him more about the limited extent of our sexual relationship, and it will probably calm him down, or maybe not. But we need to help him get through this orientation we can call it."
Of course that was followed by some chuckles by both of them. They got started, I will just give you the most important things they told me. They don't currently have a romantic relationship, but as they already admitted, they do have sex, and often since they are so convenient to each other. Angie confessed directly to me, "I have come home from work thinking about you sexually, and Randy was here to offer his cock to me to get over it. Don't think for a minute that after I failed to seduce you by putting your hand on my ass and breasts that I did not need Randy. Saying that, he too has come home frustrated after a failed date, and I have helped him out with a blow job, or if that is not enough, a fuck."
It was further explained by Angie that they have come up with rules that fit their situation as nude roommates. "We figured there should be no need for close friends and roommates to ever have sex by themselves unless they have to. We handle it by just being honest, like just asking. "I might say are you horny. I would get a verbal response or maybe just a yes head shake or two mean let's have sex. No does not mean ever, it could mean several things, maybe some other time, and an explanation usually follows. In Angie's case, during a cycle, her answer would be, "In a few days."
"We have found that even if one does not want to, that does not mean they are not willing to watch you as you get off or participate in a non, or less sexual way. There is frustration involved sometimes when we want a partner, but none is available from their short list of well, each other. We found that being watched as you masturbate, especially if you have some type of contact, like just a hand on your thigh from each other helps take the frustration away."
Randy added, "I get off daily, jerk off, with or without Angie, but I prefer it be with her close by, or at least watching. I have quite a sex drive. I don't expect Angie to have a male sex drive, although I wonder sometimes. I love jerking off in front of her if she is not interested. She is such a good friend that way, she has let me jerk right in front of her face and talks dirty to me as I do. Some of those times she will let me cum on her, I think she finds my "O" face funny and likes seeing it. She even likes playing with my balls as I beat my meat, and then squeeze them as I get off. I guess I will call that more intimate contact. Yes, our cute and often proper little Angie likes to play with men's testicles at times. She also has a collection of toys to use when needed."
My penis had settled down some, but the willingness to watch and help statement was already testing its resolve, and taking it back to its stiffness. When I took my turn to get up to go get some beers, and then by the time I delivered them it was sticking straight out in front of me. I gave them their beers and sat back down, I forgot the scolding I had earlier and apologized for the hard-on. Then I just fessed up, "I am going to be honest guys, I'm pretty fucking horny, I had not had a woman in three months and have been going through tissues like crazy up in my room. I feel like when I was a teen at home when I needed to jerk off. I may just have to excuse myself and head to bed soon to take care of this boner."
Randy, "What do you think Angie, that abbreviated blow job has caused me to need some more relief too, are you in for some group masturbation so Ron does not have to go at it alone in his room? He does not need me to watch, but you fucking yourself would likely give him more pleasure than being alone in his room."
"You were the inspiration that started this Ronnie, just seeing you nude and hard has me ready to go, do you not want to be in on it?"
"Sorry I am hesitating, but I never jerked off with, or in front of anyone, well except my wife. I only jerked off in front of her because she barked at me once telling me she was on her period. She told me to just whip it out and take care of it myself. So I did, and came on her in spite! I was not even comfortable then, but I had to call her bluff and dump my load on her."
"Well maybe if we each started separately, you could be the last to join. I never seen anybody that could not touch themselves after seeing others doing it."
Angie added, "I know guys, I'm first, I don't mind. I have been wanting to see or be seen by Ronnie anyway. I think the idea that guys like to display their junk more than girls do their sex is not true for all of us. Get ready to see this girl as she gives herself pussy some play!"
Angie pulled a big toy out of nowhere it seemed, she had it hidden under the corner of the sofa, and I am not exaggerating it was huge.
"I know I am a masturbating slut sometimes, so I keep a toy handy. You never know when you are going to need to masturbate. Right now is a good example!"
Angie then turned my way and put a leg up over the back of the sofa, and the other on the coffee table. It was not ladylike for sure, it was slutty, but fucking awesome. It got even better when she spread her labia for me. She wanted me to see her pink hole she was about to fill with the large toy. I could not believe this was happening, even after I was told about it. Seeing is believing I guess. She put two fingers in her hole first, took a stroke or two, and pulled them out wet. She offered them to Randy, and he came over, now partly erect to take them in his mouth to get a taste of her sweet nectar.
Angie then put three fingers inside herself again and pulled them out. She said, "Do you want a taste of my pussy Ronnie, Randy claims it is the best-tasting pussy he ever had."
She did not wait for an answer, she just put them up to my face. I took them of course, I held her wrist and took my time getting all her juices off of them. Oh, the look she gave me as I sucked on her fingers. She was right, or he was, she is tasty, but I think being turned on by the situation has something to do with that, and I was.
My god, there was little Angie my workmate, not just naked, but with her legs wide open. I was now looking at her breasts, nipples hard from the tease, her legs spread and her excited pussy totally exposed. She turned on the vibration function of her large toy and pushed the tip against her pink hole of pleasure. I had never seen my wife use one, porn was my only exposure. I looked at my hard dick, it was not comparable to her toy, then I looked at Randy's larger cock, it was not quite either. Even though I knew it would fit, I had to see it.
"Are you ready guys, you look like it, even Randy is hard again, but it is no match for this one?"
Randy, "Do it Angie, show Ronnie how you can take that big toy! Fuck that pussy, we are both hard, no reason to just tease us anymore."
With a little push, a sigh barely heard over the buzzing sound she started to press the tip against her opening. Now she had one hand working the toy, the other working her breasts. She looked me right in the eyes as she slowly worked it in, it was kind of like a blow job stare a girl who knows her stuff will give you. I could hardly stand it, all my fear was gone, and I had a good hold on my throbbing member. I went from being afraid to do it in front of them, two, to wanting to get to it.
She looked up and said, "Anytime guys, Randy you're next."
I looked at Randy's sizable cock, I thought it looked big and flaccid flopping around, but it was now much larger and stiff. It made me take my eyes off Angie, I could not help it. He has a big cock and I never had a guy start playing with his cock in front of me before, in this case, both of us. He got up and moved closer to Angie and held it with his finger and thumb. He shook it at her as she fucked herself. "What do you think Angie, does this look as hard as it did when I fucked you silly earlier?"
"Fuck You, and no it doesn't, I blew you to get you that big then. Anyway, it's nowhere near the size of your ego. Get serious now, I think you put on a special show when you have an audience, show us how you would jerk it if you were alone."
"Well I would probably be watching porn, but you fucking yourself in front of me will have to do."
I was still looking at both, but he was on deck I will call it. He was almost as close to me as her, but it did not bother me, I guess I never have been homophobic. I check out other cocks for comparison in locker rooms, but this was not like taking glances. So there he was with one hand full of some of the biggest balls I have ever seen to go with the large shaft and knob. He made himself a pussy opening with his hand, forming it with his thumb and fingers. I do that, and I have to struggle to get my thumb and forefinger around mine, his did not even come close to wrapping around his.
He was in business and was starting to simulate fucking with that hole. Jerking off is kind of like fucking I guess, but you move the hole instead of your penis. As he sped up his stroking I could see the veins showing on his shaft, so he was even more excited. His big balls were just dangling there, if they were bells they would have been jingling.
"Well Ronnie, you were the inspiration for this session, are you in now? Don't be intimidated, line up there next to Randy"
I had no choice, so I stood up, moved next to Randy, and I played with my dick and balls. It was so strange. I mean I was never naked for them and had not seen both of them that way and here I was with them. I was not anywhere near the size of him, but she seemed to look at mine with more interest. We were all three naked and stroking ourselves. Having two other participants pleasing themselves with me did help. I was in front of them, so I watched mostly Angie of course, she has a pussy.
Angie was putting on a show, she had the better part of that toy of hers inside her on the in-stroke. I was using the same simulated opening with my hand that Randy did. I never thought about it, but do all of us guys jerk like that? Is it instinct? I had no lessons or demonstrations to learn from, they did not teach you how to make your hand a pussy in health class.
Even though I was still nervous doing this with them looking, and they were, even Randy took some looks. But I did not take it as a Bi or Gay thing for him, just like I didn't when I watched him. All the strangeness was soon replaced by pleasure. Soon I was abusing myself right along with them. I can't describe how strange but yet good it felt stroking my hard cock for the first time with my friends' attention. I found when you do this you pay little if any attention visually to your own work, you just do it for the best feel as you watch the others watch you.
I can't speak for women or all guys. But I think as males once aroused and pleasing ourselves, we kind of forget the surroundings we are in and concentrate on the stimulus. In this case, Angie fucking herself, and getting the most enjoyment from the job at hand. I was aware I was nude and hard, and that made me feel good to know others had an interest in what I was showing and doing to it.
I can attest that group masturbating was a good experience, having company, especially the view of Angie as motivation was great. I guess in my head I was fucking her though. I knew my part in this self-abuse threesome was not going to last long.
I was right, and without warning, I was the first to go off. I had no time to grab my towel, so I tried to catch at least some of the cum ropes. The result was I was able to catch most of it. Some of was spilling over and out of my hand, and there was spunk all over my thighs, the rest landed on the sofa Angie, or the floor. Angie and Randy cracked up, and I joined in laughing. I ended up reaching for the towel and was there in front of them still dripping cum from my penis, and using my towel to clean up me, the sofa, and the floor.
I was so premature with mine, and without cover, but they were still going. Angie was trying to talk and masturbate at the same time, she did not even mention the cum rope or two on her.
"Nice one Ron, but next time don't overreact, we missed most of it, we both like to watch each other cum. I like to feel some of that warm man cum, and I got very little. But glad to see your cock has settled down, not for mine, but for your sake. I think I am getting close, and by the way, in my head, I am getting fucked by both of you. My point is, don't leave or cover up and deny me half of my inspiration until I am done, this is still my first unobstructed view of your cock I have been desiring since we first started working closely."
It was a little awkward being the only one already done, but her words helped me to not lose all of my erection. Angie's eyes were still focused on it, so I used what little cum was still on my knob and jerked some more for her, I was not fully hard but it felt good, and I could tell she liked it. I guess I was forced to be a fast learner. I don't think most naturists have routines like this, but if they don't they are missing out. My towel was not fit for sitting, so I sat my bare ass on the edge of the sofa so I could reach her, and took the liberty of putting my left hand on her inner thigh as she used the toy. She put her hand on my wrist and I was still nervous enough to get a chill thinking I made a wrong move.
Turns out she just wanted my hand on one of her breasts and put it there. I was wanted by a woman, she was giving me more of the feelings I had not felt for a long time with anyone including my wife. Randy was busy on his own, my God he is big when hard. I sure was getting my wish with Angie. I also have to confess I was looking forward to seeing both her orgasm, and a male cumshot live. I have seen them online, they can be a beautiful thing, especially in slow motion. I have searched for solos just to have someone to jerk with.
Randy increased his speed, I think he had been waiting for me, and I did not take long. He announced his pending eruption, and Angie had a request.
"Let's give him a show Randy, I will be your target. Move over Ron, or you may get cum on you again, this time Randy's instead of your own."
Randy was directly with his huge, and hard dick in his hand that was still jerking it, and stood in front of her. I was not two feet from my roommate's cock that was about to ejaculate. It was just like the situation they had earlier but without the fucking. She gave up her work on her pussy and sat with her mouth and legs open, and his balls were so big she probably could have taken one in each hand. I could not believe what I was about to see, and it did not take long.
I was so close I did get a little cum shrapnel. I could not believe the situation I was in when he made his oh face, then let out his cum noise. I was amazed watching the cum ropes leave his pee hole one after another as she squeezed his balls. I saw the first ones fly through the air, and enter her mouth. She looked so sexy taking them, some ropes were hanging off her bottom lip or chin. He had a load, so much he then lowered the aim of his monster cock to her upper chest, and breasts, and that's when one grazed my arm. I was a bit jealous when he moved forward for her to take his cock in her mouth. Watching her take that huge knob in her small mouth was amazing, and it had to feel so good with a sensitive knob, I wished it was me. She continued with his knob long enough to clean it up for him. Randy handed me his not-yet-used towel and said, "Clean her up while I help her finish getting off. Just like soldiers in battle, we cannot leave anyone behind."
I then found myself cleaning off her face and then moving down toward her breasts. Randy had her legs in the air and spread to eat her pussy. He said to her, "You wanted this I bet, or you would not have given me that taste. You know how I love eating your pussy."
He took over with his tongue licking her clit as he worked the dildo in and out of her. He asked me to take over, so I did. There was room for both of us. He was then working her clit with his tongue as I pumped her hole with it.
She was so worked up, she barked out orders to us. I just have to be fucked with a real cock again, and Randy has done this in front of others, and his cock is ready, you can suck my tits as he does. So I moved out of the way and came in from the side. I never felt completely comfortable sucking on a woman's breasts, but I just tried to be tender with her nipples. I would have never imagined sucking any girl's breasts as I looked down and saw such a large cock going in and out of her pussy.
I was so close to a huge cock going in and out of a pussy, it was hot, so much so I had to grab my cock again. She had a hand down working her clit, so I guess you could say it was a threesome. I never had one, and this was one crazy one to be my first. I was watching one of my roommate's cock going in and out of the other's pussy, and his balls hitting her. At the same time sucking her tits and jerking off myself.
I never had been a player, but I think I may have witnessed the biggest "O" I would ever see a woman have. I had never seen a woman get off like she did. She was flushed from her chin down past her breasts. It was quiet at first, then she finally came out of what seemed like a trance, "Oh Fuck, that was awesome guys, now go for it Randy, I know you want to cum again."
I became a spectator for the end, she had her hands holding her ankles as Randy was just plain pounding her. What a show, again seeing cum shooting out of his penis when he pulled out to finish shooting his load on her tits.
They spoke, Randy first, "Fuck that was hot, and felt so good."
Then Angie, "I hope you are not disappointed, but when we first fuck, I want it to be more intimate. I hope you liked your part, I can't believe how much better it was getting fucked with someone I have so much desire for watching and helping, Thanks, Guys."
My mind was blown, I had nothing to say. She just sat there knees up, legs spread with her arms resting on her knees. What a scene, her swollen pussy was the feature with its hole still partly open and quivering as she came down. There were plenty of juices bubbling down there, and I really wanted to slurp them up. The fact that Randy caused and probably contributed some of those juices did not matter.
"Well Ron, are you glad you joined in the fun? I am so proud of you for just getting nude with us for the first time. For you to join us in a session of sexual abuse of ourselves, and then watch me take both a dildo and then Randy's cock took some real courage. It was awesome, but again, I look forward to having you inside me sometime if you feel that way too. Did you enjoy it, I see you are still looking at my swollen pussy as it drips my juices? But I guess it is because I am still giving you that view, I don't usually sit like this. Well, not totally true, I guess I have times I want to be looked at, and be treated like a cum slut."
I was kind of speechless, but standing naked after group masturbation with my naked friends was a lot to digest. I agreed with what she said, I too was looking forward to fucking her. We were back to drinking more beers when I noticed I was getting hard again. I was going to want to go again. I did not want to just start and make them feel like they had to join, so I excused myself. I was hesitant to mention I needed to get off again, so I planned to go to my bedroom to take care of it myself this time. They seemed done, and I was not ready to do a solo performance for them yet, or even bring up the fact that I was still horny.
I guess it was customary with them to have a hug after an event like this. I did not try to keep my growing boner from hitting Angie, and I could not stop it from at least bumping Randy. I was glad to know that he did not seem to react to me bumping him with my by-now hard one, not sure I could handle the same. Just being naked and hard with a guy was enough.
I then left to go to my room, with my hard cock wagging the whole way over to the steps to my attic bedroom. Angie I did not know was paying attention to my state, and walking behind me. That was not until she put her hands around me. She pressed those perky breasts of hers against my back, put one hand on my ball sack, the other one on my stiff shaft.
"Wait a minute Ronnie, you can't fool us. You're still horny, both Randy and I felt your excitement against us. You look just as horny as you did before you got off with us."
Two yes head shakes followed from me. Angie said, "I already fucked and got off orally, but I could sure suck some new dick. I have wanted to at least see yours even before you moved in. Now that I have seen you in the buff I want it in my mouth. I will get my pillow, then meet you upstairs to help with that. I may just sleep there with you if you don't mind, Randy snores when he has been drinking this heavy, and he has had enough of my booty today anyway."
It was fucking crazy, well unbelievably crazy. Her pillow? I was like a young guy about to bed his girlfriend for the first time. I got in bed, and it was like my first time with a woman, trying to decide how to pose or look like I wasn't posing was more like it. I lay there with my pole up and my hands behind my head feeling like a vireo man for a change. Angie topped the stairs turned the corner and giggled as she ran to my bed and jumped in.
She was so excited, bubbly, still giggling in joy. She was like a kid about to open a Christmas present.
"I can't believe that not only did we get you nude, but I am finally getting to have you by myself in a sexual way. You look so hot lying there with your pole up, just relax, well everything but your penis. I will take care of that part of you, and quench my desire to have you as well. I finally get that penis I have felt against me, sometime you are going to have to explain your resistance for so long. You have seen all of me and felt some of me. It was all my doing, I have tried so hard to get you to make a move on me."
Well, I guess I would explain eventually, but right then I was looking down in her blue eyes as she got started. It was such a sight, her mouth on my cock that I had not felt that hard since, well I don't even remember. There she was, what a sight with a mouth full of my manhood, and her perfect breast hanging down below her. I could just see the top of her ass, and her beautiful legs she had crossed at the ankles.
It is amazing how young she looked to me, I think that might have been why I was so hesitant. The truth was she had been legal for sex, and almost 20. What a sight it was! I was committed to last longer than the first time. She was just so good, I never had a blow job close to that, the strange situation and her age probably helped.
I looked down and saw her taking all but my balls as she opened up her throat to take it all. I swear I could see the profile of my knob in her throat. I think she sensed that I was not going to be able to hold off, so she got away from my knob for a bit and pushed back, and lifted my legs. I felt like a woman in a gyno chair. She had me that way for a reason, she first had one ball at a time.
That was a sight, seeing my roommate and work assistant sucking my balls. It got better, as then she sucked them both at the same time as she pinned my penis back against my stomach. Then she went below my balls and put her tongue in my ass hole, I was so glad I showered. She rimmed me a while stimulating me so much I could not hold still, then she went back to working my cock. She started doing a thing with my knob with her tongue as she held it in her lips. It was not long after that before I said, "Oh fuck I am going to cum..."
I gave her a mouthful, and she swallowed the bulk of it, then licked the rest of my knob like a lolly pop before she said, "We are not done, now we change places, you can lay down below me and get in position to eat me out. Randy pounded me pretty well with that cock of his, but the truth is, his eating skills are not the best. He is better known for his large cock as you know."
I took her up on that, it was nice being flaccid for the first time in an hour or so. I lifted her legs and got my first close-up view of the most perfect young pussy I had ever seen. I guess I have not seen a lot of them, but hers was just so inviting. I spread her thighs, and first just looked at her swollen pussy and her juices still bubbling from being fucked so well. Then I slurped them up and went as deep as my tongue would take me, I was in heaven. I can say that she did have her own taste, well, I guess I can just describe it as new.
I had to get her off, I fucking had to. It took me about 5 times the time it took her with me. She was moaning and squirming around the whole time, and wore out the word, "Yes!" So I figured I was doing OK. As far as giving her some pleasure, her use of the word "Yes" had become rhythmic and seemed so authentic.
Suddenly she went silent and arched her back, I thought it meant failure on my part. Then, all hell broke loose. She seized up and the word "Yes" was replaced with "Oh Fuck Ronnie, Fuck Fuck, Fuck, Yes!"
I wanted to look up and see her face, I love watching a woman cum, but I wanted to make sure she got all the pleasure she could stand. I was successful because my head was in a vice that was her knees to the point I had to quit. She has strong thighs and was using them. When she released it I looked up at the rest of her perfect body. It was perfect from that view too, she had no belly and her breasts were not in her armpits like my wife's were from being overweight, her breasts were nice and perky. She was so pink from her nipples to her chin that I knew she got off for real.
I wanted to say something, but what could I say without sounding like an idiot? "Was that OK?" "Did I do good?" Thank Goodness I didn't say anything stupid like that. Instead, I remained silent and climbed up beside her kissed her briefly on the lips, and she put her arm over my chest, and her head next to mine.
She snuggled up to me and said, "You're so good down there, poor Randy is going to have to play second fiddle to you. I am so glad we finally got together, you and I, well, and Randy too. Now I feel so good snuggling up to you, I have wanted some intimate contact like this with you since we started working together."
We fell asleep after getting into a spooning position. She felt so tiny as I pressed against her with my finally flaccid cock against her cute bottom.
I woke alone and slipped out from the bed to what would soon be an empty house, they both had to work, and Randy was gone already. Because my trip was canceled, and Randy's rotation to the day shift had happened, I figured I would have the place to my own after she left.
I took a quick shower to wake up, next I needed coffee. I stood there naked looking at Angie's still sprawled out on the bed. She was not in a planned pose, she was still asleep, but she could not have looked any sexier with her round girl butt up in the air. I just stood there and marveled at the beauty of it. Her one leg was bent at the knee, and that opened up her crotch for a good viewing of her bald pussy. I could not believe I had the pleasure of eating her out the night before. My cock stiffened remembering that and the blow job she gave me. I hated to have to cover her perfect body with a sheet, but she had time to get some more sleep before she would have to get ready for work.
I felt like I had an awakening, and was a new man. I think they were honest about their relationship being friends with benefits, it seemed like she had his blessings when I was included. I still don't understand their relationship completely, do they? In some ways, it seems to be too good to be true. I wondered if I would fit in, I loved the orientation so far and hoped it would continue.
That made me decide I was going to at least spend that morning nude, and surprise Angie by having breakfast ready for her when she woke. So I headed to the kitchen to make her and me some breakfast. I worked up a hunger-having sexual activity with someone other than myself for the first time in ages and decided to fry up some eggs and bacon. I realized that nude would be taking a chance of dropping something hot or even worse something sharp on the jewels. I saw Angie's apron she cooks in hanging on the hook, so what the hell, I put it on. I was one happy dude that morning with my partly stiff dick wagging, and my bare ass sticking out the back of it like with a hospital gown.
I was standing there at the stove as happy as a clam when I felt a tiny hand on my ass, then arms wrapped around me as her breasts pressed against me. I was expecting her in her work clothes, but she was in her birthday suit like me. Feeling her bare breasts press against me made me jump right when I was flipping my eggs. I turned to see the tiny and precious five-foot-two beauty's beautiful blue eyes connecting with mine, as she got up on her toes to give me what turned out to be our first, but not last kiss of the day.
She reached around to check the condition of my cock I guess. "Sorry I surprised you, and made you break your yokes, I will take them, I don't like my yellow part runny."
She sat her towel down on a kitchen chair and sat on it. I had questions for her, but I finished her eggs and even buttered some toast and delivered it to her after shedding the apron. She seemed as famished as I was, and started eating as she told me that she would be off today too, and explained why.
"Fridays are half days for some of the office staff you know. I bet you didn't know that the computer system does not know that. I called in and left a message I was taking one of my paid personal days. I am hourly, and the payroll program counts all hourly personal days as an 8-hour day, which gives me 4 hours of extra pay, so why bother going in? I left your bedroom early so I could surprise you nude, you in only an apron and hard already was a bigger surprise for me."
I was pretty happy that she chose to spend a personal day with just me.
I finished my eggs and sat down with her to eat. I dipped my toast in the yoke, and some was dangling down from it. I saw it bothered her, so I stuck out my tongue so she could see me slurping it up. Then she said, "Yuk, don't you hate the slimy texture of raw egg yoke."
I could not help it and said, "But you seemed more than fine with swallowing what came out of Randy's and my penis last night?"
"Fuck you, and don't dare tell Randy I swallowed your cum as easy as I did. I swear I don't do that for him that often. Oh, I'll just say it, I am only willing to swallow or take a pussy shot for someone I have special feelings for. Right now I have them for you, poor Randy is always disappointed when lift my head out of the way, or make him pull out when he is fucking me.
He knows that sex is different for him and me, we are just close friends and human fuck toys for each other. He can't complain about me wanting you, what he and I do for each other is much better than him jerking solo, and spewing his cum into a tissue. What we have as roommates is fun and entertaining at times. It is not like we have not brought home other partners. So I can't say I have not had another guy or a girl in front of him."
"I did not mind taking your cum because I have special feelings for you. But the truth is it is slimy in texture to me. When a guy says, Her pussy tasted so sweet." or a girl says, "Your cum taste so good." That is usually bullshit anyway."
I was still somewhat surprised that she claimed special feelings for me. I guess I have had them for quite a while for her, now I am finding out that they are real and requited. I can't say that statement about her doing girls shocked me, it sure turned me on. Like everything else I picture in my head involving her sexually, gives me a throbbing boner. I got up to clear the table about then, and she noticed it.
"Wow, I can see by the hardon you got from my confession, that you really would like to see me eat pussy, or have mine eaten. It's OK, I get it. I have a video of me and my favorite female sex partner doing just that we can watch together. I use it when I am alone and have to resort to using a toy. Let's clean this mess up and get to the sex."
Give the apron to me so I can wash the dishes. I want you to stay naked, I will work faster if I can see that hard dick of yours waving around as I do."
Well, it did go pretty quickly, what we got done that is. Then she was leaning over and that big naked ass of hers was sticking out from the apron. I lost control thinking about all she said, and seeing her ass right there for the taking. So I came up behind her, first grabbing her ass cheeks. She paused in her dishwashing and stuck it out for me, so I took things further. I let my hard cock press against her as I wrapped my arms around her. Showing her my hands I said, "Could you use some extra hands?"
"No, but if you don't shove what's pushing against my wet hole inside me immediately, I will grab a hold of you by it, and drag you to the sofa to fuck. I wanted to fuck you so bad last night, but I did not want to look so anxious, now I don't care, fuck me. Fuck me right now, and right here, it sounds so sexy to fuck at the kitchen sink."
I did, I reached down and grabbed it, then slid it into her tight little pussy hole. All while I was undoing the apron so we could make more skin-to-skin contact. It also helped me get to those perfect-sized tits of hers better. I did not waste any more time, we had our oral foreplay session the night before, and we were too tired to fuck. We were then rested and fed, so it was time to fuck her, and I did. Oh, it felt so good being inside her, well to be honest any pussy for the first time in so long. I started pretty slow, as she is tight, and my dick has never felt that good inside a woman, so I was in no hurry for this fuck to be over. Once my dick was lubed, I started going deeper inside her and enjoying the feeling and her praise. Now we were pressed against each other and connected. I got in rhythm and could feel my balls as they hit her ass.
"Oh Ronnie, you don't know how many times I imagined you fucking me. That was before you moved in, once you did I could at least lay my head on your cock. You have no idea how hard I had to fight to not pull your dick out and start on it."
The more she talked and moaned, the harder I pounded her. I wanted to pound her so hard I had to wrap my arms around her waist to get a better grip and angle on her pussy to do so. It was fucking awesome, she was responding so well, just like she did the night before to my oral work.
I just loved the feel of it and knew no matter how hard I tried to stretch it out, I was going to get off before her. I just couldn't stop or slow down. If I slowed down I would not get to feel my balls pound that wonderful young ass of hers. We never discussed the use of a condom, and it was too late so I did ask her if she wanted me to pull out, and she answered.
"No for Fuck's sake, this is our first fuck, and I want to feel every spurt of cum as it fills me."
It was fine with me, my knob becomes so sensitive when I cum inside and bareback. I like to enjoy the tightness of a vagina on my glans. I let loose and had a pretty big load, and I did like the way it felt. It seemed like the pie I created was there in an instant. I told her how awesome it looked and she shouted!
"Get my phone from the table and get a shot of it, I will try to hold still so I don't lose it. This could be a real iPhone moment."
I did what I was told, sounded pretty kinky to me. At the same time, I hoped to get myself a copy of her fine pussy with my cum running out of its entrance. I guess I am just as sick as the next guy, or as her in this instance.
I got down on my knees to take a close-up. It was fucking awesome looking, I got three rapid shots with the phone. I checked them out, and one was with ropes of my cum that dripped off, and I caught them in mid-air on their way from her pussy to the floor. It was so fucking special and sexy I handed the phone to her to see the shots, and she was crazy about them too. I stood and watched more of my cum run out of her as she sent some to what seemed to look like maybe a couple of different people. I had to ask who.
"I will tell you later stud, it will make more sense then."
We decided to take a short rinse in the shower, have a sex break, and then have an after-nooner before Randy came home. I was off work, but I had to do a little work on my laptop, catch up on email, etc. We met in the living room around 2, as Randy gets home sometime after 4, usually closer to 5. She did not seem to be worried about that anyway. I figured we would end up in my bedroom before that if we were still going.
She had a sheet over the sofa, and we sat down, I assume she figured we would be excreting some fluids. She had the TV on and her phone in her hand when she cast a video up on the screen. It was of a long-legged naked girl, thin but with a nice shape, more of a model's figure, they like models to not be just hot, but tall too. Then Angie came into the clip and the two of them were kissing. They were so sexy naked and hugging as they did, and I realized it was not self-shot, and someone got to watch this girl-on-girl action live. The thought crossed my mind that I may get to see something like this live sometime, maybe even join.
It was the personal sex video she had mentioned, as the next scene was her head between the girl's long legs. It was shot well for a phone video. It had some extreme closeups of Angie's tongue work in her friend's bald pussy, and you guessed it, I was rock hard again. My nude debut was just the night before, and since then it seems like I have been constantly hard. I was bumping my dick on not just her, but everything in the house.
The next scene was Angie as the receiver of pleasure. I did not say anything, but watching her friend I did not think that her work was as good as mine was on the previous night. Her "O" was legit I think, but not on the level of the one I gave her. I swore it felt like she was going to crack my head like a walnut in the middle of that one.
Scene three was a 69. It had a smoking hot closeup of Angie's pussy from behind as her friend was tongue fucking her. I found myself grabbing my cock. This was so fucking hot, what did I fall into here, it was like living in a sexual paradise.
Angie got down on her knees and said, "I have seen this video many times, so you watch while I have fun with your cock."
Well, that was OK with me as she then had my cock in her mouth. I think my knob was more sensitive than the night before, as I could feel myself trying to get a grip of the sofa cushion I was sitting on, all I got was hands full of sheet.
Then it happened, the door opened, and our roommate Randy was home early, we found out later his machine broke down at work so they let him go home. I watched for Angie's reaction, and she turned her head a little that way and her eyes as well, but she did not stop, she saw him but said nothing nor did she react at all. So I just leaned back and Randy went about his way, he went straight to the shower, came out quickly, and clothes-free still drying off. He came over and sat next to me, flaccid. Now we had both a video to watch and Angie and I had an audience for our sex. Never had another male watch as I was getting a blowjob, and he acknowledged it.
"I hope you guys don't mind, I don't get to see our little Angie at work on someone else often, you are one of the few males she has blown or fucked in front of me."
Angie lifted to say, "If we minded we would be in the bedroom, you know the rules. If it happens outside the bedroom in the open, you are welcome to watch."
Randy was looking up at the screen when he said, "What do you think Bud?"
(I go by Ron or Ronnie, but Bud was his nickname for me sometimes, and his other buddies I am sure)
"Tell me, is that some fine camera work on this porn clip or what? It was not the first sex video I shot, most of them have been for other friends, but this was my first girl-on-girl with Angie involved. We have a good actress there because as you know, she does not act like a pussy eating cock sucking slut in real life. She looks that way only when she is being watched or on video. She is so hot and so willing to do about anything sexually, unlike when I have shot other friends. Sometimes I have to put pants on to even shoot or watch her masturbate. If I don't I would end up grabbing my cock and abusing myself and fuck up the video. We both have shot videos and have let friends video us as they watch us fucking in all kinds of positions. Not many were worth saving, it's not easy to shoot video like this."
"Oh, and you're pretty good too, I really liked the pie shot you took and Angie sent to me at work. How you captured your cum in mid-air as it dripped off of Angie's fine pussy was just so fucking hot. The guys I shared it with at work liked it too and shared it with their friends. But don't worry, no headshots on videos we share. I bet her pussy with your cum running out of it will go viral, it should. Her ass and pussy are much hotter than a Kardashian or that Hilton girl's scrawny ass, we need to recreate that shot live. Maybe we can team up and both cum inside her, and give her another plentiful pie sometime. She likes to be in slutty poses in our private stills. But we are both careful in what we release to friends on video."
I had been staying with these two for 3 months, and in the last 24 hours, I was given too much information. They are perverted sexual maniacs/exhibitionists, but I mean that in a good way, and am loving it. I wish I had met them before I got married, I have missed out on a lot of good sex during my marriage.
The video on the screen was over, and he picked up her I-phone, and he said, "You want a clip of this blowjob? I will make sure your face is not in it Bud."
Well, I said yes of course thinking ahead, to the video of her doing me, because if this all ended, I would still have it and the creampie shot. The blowjob clip could be a great memento of my naked stay in this house of kinky sex. Angie stopped about then and looked up, saying her first words to Randy. "If Ron is up to it I would like you to document us fucking. He had me over the counter, but he needs to make love to me if he is willing to do it in front of you as you put our first real fuck on video."
"That's fine with me, do you want to do it here, or in one of the beds?"
"We can go to my and Randy's room and if I am still horny after that, you can both have me, I will do whatever you want. I have done a lot of stuff but never had two hot guys at once. I will even take the double cumshot inside me if you like."
Wow, I couldn't even imagine her taking both our cocks at once, I assumed she meant a split roast. Then she clarified, "Both cocks in my pussy might be too much right now. I have two holes down there, so you two can take your pick. Your members would be separated by only a thin wall though, and your bodies will likely make contact if that would bother you?"
I decided that as long as our dicks were not involved with each other hands mouth or ass, I was in. I kept that to myself though.
Randy was in, his hard cock showed it. It was not the first time I had seen it hard, but it was the first time it was fully hard and I had a chance to really look it over. Even when I saw him fuck her the night before I did not realize how big he really was.
I was interested in the DP proposal, but first I wanted to break the ice on being watched. Randy had the phone and was ready to start the video. I had been blown enough and was plenty hard, so I worked my way up to Angie's pussy which had not been used since our kitchen fuck. I made sure it was ready, then she lifted her legs up and back as I slid my cock about halfway into her pussy. Even though I had masturbated in front of both of them, fucking her with him watching and videoing, was a whole different thing. It felt different knowing that every stroke I took was being watched and videoed. It helped that I was comfortable with both of them, it made it something I wanted to stretch out and enjoy the high of it.
I knew not to go too fast, I also wanted to kiss her as we fucked, yes make love with her. I wanted to show both of them how I felt about her. I did not want her as a fuck buddy, I felt different for her like she claimed she felt for me.
I hope his comments during our sex were heartfelt, as I took them that way.
For example, "Oh you guys are so smoking hot, this is not just good sex I am watching, this is more than that. You will see what I am describing in the video, I am sure you are feeling the specialness of it."
At some point, I managed to forget that he was even there or recording it. Maybe it would have been better alone, but we did that once in the kitchen. I just stroked her as she held me tight and returned my kisses and tongue wrestled. I knew I did not have the big cock she was used to, but I felt like it was just as big. I guess there is no time I have felt more like a man than when I was fucking. She let me cum in her again, and I felt so special since she does not always do that with him or others. Every spurt of cum felt different than getting off with my hand. I moved back so he could get some closeups of my cum running out, and my pie forming on her pussy.
The video was done and was going to be awesome we had to see it right then, so we took a break. I wanted the break to make sure I was plenty hard when it came time to enter her ass, I had used my junk a lot in just the first half of the day. I had very little experience in anal, but know you need a good stiff cock to get started. We were on the sofa with her in the middle, having some drinks and snacks as we watched.
It was just so strange sitting naked on the sofa with my roommates watching a video of myself fucking. Angie was between us and had a cock in each hand. We started the video and was impressed right away with the closeups he shot, they were very stable, and fucking awesome.
We were hard again, and Angie was still handling our cocks.
We watched it twice, and once it ended we were ready to go again. We headed back to the bedroom, and Randy had a set up to hold a phone stationary. We were now ready to try the DP with her.
Angie was the director, she set the shot up with Randy sliding his big cock in her pussy. Then I joined in and lubed her ass and my cock to work it into her anus. Then he and I did get pretty close to each other not just with our cocks, it is hard to get in two holes so close to each other without some male-to-male contact. I did not know what to expect, my wife never let me go anal, she saved that for her tryst I guess.
I was really hard, but I still had to take it slow to penetrate a small orifice. Once inside I immediately could feel why guys like anal, an anus feels so much tighter than a vagina. I could feel his big knob through the thin wall between her anus and her pussy. If anything, feeling his cock in there too enhanced my feeling. She went fucking wild as we stroked her, she wanted all of both of cocks, but I am sure he knew better. She came several times, she was out of her head with pleasure. I was afraid she would throw in the towel before we got off.
I had the tightest fuck, so I dropped my load in her first. I got out of the way as he pounded her pussy to get his. I wanted to make sure we got his shot too, as we had the phone propped up on the dresser to shoot it, so I grabbed it and shot a close-up. I got a couple of stills that just showed her ass and pussy leaking our cum, and our combined cum running down her thighs.
I looked forward to watching it and was thinking about what friends of mine I wanted to see it. My wife was on the top of the list, but only after our divorce was final. Having her see me fucking a hot, thinner, and younger view would be healing for me.
That was the first participation in a true DP for all of us we claimed. It was a nice way to end my orientation to clothing-optional living. I was no longer anxious to find a place of my own to live, this 70s-style nude, free love life was for me!