Melissa Rauch and I, her agent, had rewritten the classic porn movieDeep Throatand were in the process of filming. Per Melissa's demands, not only was she not using "stunt" doubles for the multiple sex scenes, she was truly performing the sexual act in an effort to make it as real as possible for the audience. She wanted it written specifically so that, unlike the original movie where the main character had her clit buried in her throat and couldn't achieve orgasm without deep throating a man, Melissa's revised character had a double clit, one buried in her throat and one buried in her ass, so she couldn't cum unless she was deep throating and getting fucked in the ass.
In Act I she had sex with her movie husband Tom Cruise. In Act II she had sex with her friends Jennifer Love Hewitt and Kaley Cuoco. We've just finished Act III, where she visited the sex doctor for a diagnosis, where George Clooney, myself, and our budding new star Steve gang banged her.
After the gang bang, we were back in Doctor Clooney's office for the diagnosis. George and Melissa were cleaned up from the aftermath of the gang bang. Melissa was back in her overly tight yet frumpy clothes.
"Mrs. Allen - Bernadette - I believe you have a, um, very rare condition known as duplex oropharynx anal clitoricitous. In other words, instead of being born with your clitoris located at your vagina, you have two clitorises, one in you anus and one in your throat. Even rarer, since you can't reach orgasm by stimulating one or the other, they're connected, so both have to be stimulated at the same time in order to reach orgasm. It's very rare. There are only five other cases known in the world."
"Oh my goodness! So, what you're saying is, I have to have sex with two men at the same time in order to climax?! Oh no!"
"Both areas have to be sufficiently stimulated, yes."
"What am I going to do?! I can't tell my husband, 'oh, by the way, sweetie, in order for me to orgasm when we have sex, we have to find another guy who wants to help because I have to be fucked by two men in order to cum!'"
George chuckled. "Ha ha ha! Yes, well, that is a dilemma, isn't it? However, I might have a solution, if you're interested. Well, a suggestion if nothing else."
"Really?! Oh, that would be wonderful!"
"It's unreasonable to expect your husband to invite another man into your bedroom. It would also be unfair of him to deny you the opportunity to enjoy the joys of sex, right?" Melissa nodded her head. "I think it's an understatement to say you have a unique condition. I have clients - several clients - that are in need of someone like you. They can't enjoy sex unless there's a third party involved. And they would pay handsomely! Your needs are met, their needs are met, your husband thinks he's taking care of your needs...everybody wins!"
"Wait. You want me to have sex with your clients?! Jumping from one strangers bed to another?! And get paid for it like some street hooker?! Do you think I'm a whore?! I'm a happily married woman!"
George waved a hand at her. "Hang on, hang on. You're taking this all wrong. You're looking at this all wrong. You'd be doing this in the name of science! You'd be acting as a sort of physical therapist for me! You'd be helping people! Don't you like helping people? The fact that you would be getting satisfaction - and a paycheck to boot - out of it is just icing on the cake!"
Melissa sat back in her chair. "Well, I do like helping people." She thought about it. "A physical therapist you say?"
"Sure! I'll get you a license and frame it for you!" He didn't tell her he had templates on his computer that he'd just plug in her name and print it on his laser printer. "I'll even get you a nurses uniform! How does that sound?"
"Well, that does sound good actually. It would be in the name of science. I'd be helping people!"
"Great!"
*****
We follow Melissa up a beautiful, tree lined stone walkway. She's dressed in the white nurse's uniform the doctor has gotten her. It feels and looks like it's two sizes too small. The zipper on the front that is supposed to run from waistline to bustline doesn't quite make it to her bustline, making it very apparent she's wearing a lacy white bra today and shows plenty of cleavage. To make matters worse, her 36 inch bust is straining the zipper to its max. It could break lose at any moment. She also has mid-thigh white stockings and white stilettos and is carrying a small black doctors case.
She knocks on the grand wooden door and it swings open. A handsome young man greets her. It's Brad Pitt. He's wearing a pair of gray sweatpants and that's it. His chiseled torso is on full display. Melissa went weak in the knees at the sight. Her pussy twitched almost immediately.
"Oh! Hey! You must be Nurse Bernadette that doc sent over. He said you were hot but goddamn! He's out done himself this time!"
Melissa blushed. "Oh, well, gee, thank you. That's very kind of you to say." There was a brief pause. "Shall I come in so we can begin your treatment?"
"Oh! Yeah! Right. Sure, yeah, come on in. Can I get you anything? Water? Bourbon? Jack? Maybe some weed?"
"Oh no! No thank you. I think I should keep my wits about me."
"Abso-fuckin-lutely! Yeah, I want to be clear headed for this, too. I think this is gonna be something I want to remember!" They walked into the large, beautiful house. It was very grand with a Spanish theme to it. "Yo, Matt! The nurse is here!"
Matt Damon came around the corner. He was carrying a beer and wearing a pair of tight boxers and flip flops. There were was already a sizeable bump in his shorts that ran from his crotch all the way up to the waistband leaning to his right. Melissa blushed at the site. And became sopping wet.
"Oh, right! Bernadette, right? May I call you Bernadette?" Melissa nodded her red face. "Sweet." Matt looked her up and down. "Fuck yeah! Doc done good!"
Matt and Brad's characters were brothers. Their parents patented the goop that wound up making wacky wall walkers and their clones work. They made millions. When they past, they left everything to their two sons. They did everything together. As hard as they tried, they weren't able to sexually perform unless they shared a woman together. They went to the good doctor for help. And here we are.
"Okay. Well, uh, shall we begin?" Melissa asked with hesitation.
"Fuck yeah we shall!" Matt said as the two men quickly approached. Before she knew it, the two men were on her. "We need to get you fuckin' naked first, though!"
It felt like a thousand hands were pawing at her body. "Boys! Boys! Slow down!" Her uniform was at her feet before she finished the sentence. Her bra sailed over the couch. Lips, tongues, and teeth feasted on her breasts and hard nipples. Hands squeezed her ass and globes. Fingers were in her g-string and roaming everything inside until it was eventually ripped off her body. Her hands were inside their pants, stroking their erect, sizeable members and trying to concentrate on the task.
After a few moments of pawing, Brad finally broke away. He ripped off his sweatpants and flopped on the couch. His erection pointed at the sky. "Bring her over here. Doc says she can deep throat. Let's put her to the test!"
Matt guided her beautiful, naked body the few steps it took to be in front of Brad. She looked back and forth at the two men. "You understand this is for therapeutic purposes, right?"
"Yeah, yeah! Whatever! C'mon, let's go!" Matt said. He pushed her at the shoulders until she was bent at the waist. He ripped off his boxers and slid behind her and between her legs, with his wand leading the way.
Melissa's was mere inches above Brad's raging hard on. She felt Matt sliding in behind her. It was all happening so fast! Is every treatment going to be this way?she thought. Suddenly, Brad's hands were on the back of her head. He shoved down. His rod slipped past her lips and banged against the back of her mouth.
"Oh fuck yeah!" Brad exclaimed.
Matt held his poker steady and touched its tip to her puffy pink lips. He looked at his brother wearing a huge smile. "Fuck, dude! She's soaked! Ha ha!" With one thrust he slid through her velvety folds and was balls deep. Melissa gave a loud, muffled squeal. Matt gripped her hips and began to pump away. "Holy shit! This cunt is fuckin' tight!"
Brad's head flew back into the leather couch. "Oh fuck!" Her face landed in his lap. "She swallowed me, dude! Oh fuck! She swallowed the whole fuckin' thing!"
This pounding went on for several minutes. The men took turns reaching around and groping her massive melons. Matt winked at Brad as sweat rolled down his face. There was a challenge unbeknownst to Melissa to see who could make her break character and cum on camera while being vaginally fucked instead of anally as her character required. With that in mind, Brad reached around and unexpectedly flicked at Melissa's excited clit. She squealed and nearly came out of her skin.
That motherfucker! I wonder if that asshole Clooney put him up to that! I'm gonna kill both of them! Fuck!
Melissa was close cumming. She finally broke free from Matt's grip and lifted her head. "Please! Please! Fuck my ass! Please!"
Matt shoved her back down on his pole. "Do you believe that shit? She's actually begging us to fuck her ass!"
"That's your area of expertise, bro. You want a crack at her?"
"Hell yeah I do!"
Brad pulled out of her trembling slit while Matt slid out from under her face. As Matt began to fill the space Brad had vacated, Melissa turned her head to Brad. "In my bag there's a tub of lubricant. Would you mind using that first, please?"
Brad grabbed her head and yanked it down. She took him down her throat on the first gulp.
"Oh my fucking God!" Brad barked.
Matt picked up her black doctors bag and looked inside for the requested lube. He spun around with a huge smile to see Melissa's bobbing head. "Fuck, dude! Look at this shit! Ha ha ha!" He proceeded to pull out several different sized and colored dildos and vibrators. Handcuffs. Blindfolds. Butt plugs. Sex toys of all kinds. "We hit the jackpot with this one!"
He finally found the lube buried in the bottom of the bag. He squirted some onto his finger and pressed it against her rosebud. Another push and he was knuckle deep. Melissa's body jerked when she yelped. He proceeded to slide his finger in and out of her dark hole hard and fast. He finally pulled out and went back to the black bag.
"Hmmmmm, oh yeah, mmmm hmmmm, this should do the trick."
He pulled out a thick, pink, ribbed vibrator. He bent over and touched it to her spasming slit and smiled. He watched it slide in with ease. He paused. Melissa squealed long and loud when Matt flipped the switch. A dull buzz could be heard over the sounds of slurps and gurgles. Both men roared in laughter.
"Now, let's see what this back door feels like." Melissa barked and her ass turned a bright red when Matt swatted it with his hand. He slid in behind her. She felt his swollen head touch her slick back gate. He leaned forward. The tip slipped in. With a slight thrust, he was balls deep. Melissa and Matt echoed each other's animalistic groans. "Holy fuckin' shit her ass is tight! Jesus Christ!"
"Dude! Her mouth is like a vacuum cleaner!"
Matt began to pump his piston in and out of her ass like a finely tuned machine. Each thrust threw her face deeper into Brad's crotch. Melissa was so close to cumming before Matt plugged her ass. Now, with three holes filled, the sudden intrusion into her ass matched up well with her character's orgasmic capabilities.
The two men felt their respective holes begin to clamp down on their tools. Her body began to visibly tremble. Her tiny body suddenly felt like it was on fire. A stampede of thunder and lightning raced up her thighs and crashed into her pussy.
"Mmmmmmhmmmmm! Mmmmmmhmmmm! Ggggggfffffffggggggg!"
The two men laughed. Her moans only accelerated their thrusts into her.
"Ha ha! Look at this little bitch cum!" Brad chortled.
"Nurse! Ha! Doc's found himself a good little slut here! Ha ha ha!" Matt chided.
Melissa's tremors finally settled. She felt weak, exhausted. The only thing keeping her from falling to her knees were the two cocks stuck inside her.
"Good job! Cut!" the director yelled. The two actors continued to pummel her body. "I said cut, goddammit!" The whir of the cameras could still be heard.
Brad glared at the director while Melissa's head continued to bob on his post. "You'd better back them fuck up, bitch! We'll stop when we're good and fuckin' ready!"
"Mmmmhmmmm! Mmmmhmmm!" Melissa moaned in agreement.
"Fuck," the director muttered.
Brad looked at Matt's red, sweaty face. "I'm gonna bust a nut down this bitch's throat!"
Matt's hips started to stutter. "Oh yeah! I'm gonna fill this bitch's ass! Oh fuck! Fuck! Oh fuck!"
Melissa felt warm spurts shoot into her ass. She was growing to love that feeling more and more with each new load.Maybe there's something to this cumming while I'm ass fucked thing! Fuck that feels good!she thought.
Just as Matt's throbbing in her ass started to subside, the throbbing in her throat grew stronger. Brad held her head in place while he fucked her face hard.
"Oh yeah! Here it comes! Here it comes! Oh yeah! Oh yeah! Oh fuuuuuuck!"
His torso pressed back into the couch cushions while Melissa's throat filled with his thick spunk. Each throb dumped a fresh supply. He finally shoved her head into his crotch and held it there.
"There you go! Fuck! Take it! Take it all! Fuck!" Brad commanded.
Melissa's body began to jerk. She coughed and gurgled while her body begged for air. Her airways were clogged with cum and cock. Spits of cum and saliva began to spray from her mouth. The room started to spin.
Just as everything was starting to go black, Brad took his hand off the back of her head. Her head shot off of his prick like it was spring loaded. Matt pulled away from her ass. Melissa spun around and fell onto the couch gasping for air. But, through it all, her body was beginning to overheat again. A dull buzz could still be heard. She gripped the still whirring vibrator stuck in her snatch and began to yank it in and out. She closed her eyes and began to moan through clenched teeth.
"Jesus Christ, will you look at that?! She's not fuckin' done!" Matt said standing to the side, naked while his manhood melted away.
"Un-fuckin'believable," Brad muttered while he watched from his seat next to her.
Melissa molested her tits while she stuffed the phallic in and out of her gash. "Oh yeah! Oh fuck yeah! Right there! Mmmmhmmmm, that's it, right there! Oh yeah! Oh yeah! Oh sweet Jesus, right there! Oh ggggggaaaaaahhhhhh!"
The cast and crew watched her explode with a self-inflicted explosion. She pumped her slit as if she were churning butter. She cried and moaned and told her imaginary lover exactly how she liked it, squirming on the leather couch the entire time.
When the flame inside her finally extinguished, she pulled the dripping wet vibrator out of her aching gash and tossed it to the floor. It buzzed and sputtered like a child's Christmas toy. Her body glistened with sweat. Her long blonde hair was matted to it. She looked around at the stunned faces.
"Everybody enjoy that? Y'all enjoy that? Think that'll sell the movie?" she asked sarcastically.
From the back of the room came "Fuck yeah it will!"
*****
We cut to the good Doctor Clooney's office a few days later. George is handing her a check.
"Matt and Brad really enjoyed your, uh, treatment. They'd like to schedule another session."
"Oh good! That's nice to hear. I'd like to schedule another session, too. I thought it went well."
"Hey, listen, a group of us get together once a month, all doctors. We discuss unique cases and patients. We enlighten each other and sometimes we even come up with a solution for another doctor's case. You're a very unique case. Would you mind attending our next, uh, meeting? I think they'd love to, uh, know more about your situation. All in the name of science, of course."
"Do you think they might find a cure for it?!" she said with excitement.
George shrugged his shoulders and smiled. "Who knows? I'm sure they'll, you know, want to look into it deeper. A lot deeper."
*****
Dr. Clooney's Mercedes SLS pulls through gates of a grand estate. A valet walks to the car as the gullwing doors open. The valet assists Melissa out of the car, takes the keys from George, and drives off while George and Melissa ascend the granite staircase to the front door. The mansion is actually Clooney's. He was more than happy to let us film there. He'll get to write part of it off on his taxes.
Melissa looked down her clothes. She's dressed in a flowery, very tight dress who's hem barely reaches mid-thigh. The buttons up the front of the dress are struggling to contain her buxom bosom. Trying to find clothes to fit her stature and curves off the rack were tough. Her character wasn't rich by any stretch of the imagination and couldn't afford to have things altered. Of course, we went with tight. The dress would be great for dinner at Grandma's house. But an event at a mansion like this?
"Are you sure this is okay? I feel like I'm under dressed. Maybe I should have worn my doctors coat," she squeaked in Bernadette's nasal voice.
George chuckled. "Ha! If anything, you're over-dressed." Melissa gave him a confused look but didn't say anything.
A butler met them at the door and led them into the massive living room. There are nine other "doctors" milling about the room, all holding a drink of some kind in their hands. They froze when George and Melissa walked into the room.
The room was filled with the big hitters of Hollywood. De Niro, Pacino, Redford, Stallone, DiCaprio, Downey, Jr., The Rock, Hemsworth, and Affleck. All making $500 a day. A good mixture of young and old. We made sure there were little purple pills in the dressing rooms.
Melissa knew they were all going to be there. Even so, seeing all of them there in one room, she was a little star struck. Knowing all eyes were on her, she was a little intimidated.
Clooney proceeded to work their way around the group and introduce each one. "Doctor Redford, this is Bernadette, the case I was telling you about."
Redford shook her hand and undressed her with his eyes. "Oh yes, Bernadette. You're even more beautiful than Dr. Clooney described. I'm looking forward to, um, delving into your case deeper tonight." This, or something similar, was repeated eight more times.
The nine men finally settled into the furniture scattered around the room while Clooney and Melissa stood at the front. He went into some detail about his diagnosis and how unique it was.
Clooney finally looked down at Melissa. "So, Bernadette, I think we need to show these gentlemen what we've determined so far what does and doesn't work."
Her head snapped around. "Huh? You...you...you want to...in front of everybody?!"
"Oh, absolutely. Yours is such a unique situation, I think they really need to see the, uh, depth of the problem."
"You mean you want...to have sex?! Right here? Right now?!"
Clooney shook his head while the rest of the group watched with great interest. "No no no, you're looking at this all wrong. To you it might be sex, I don't know. But we're all doctors. We'd be looking at it strictly from a science aspect hoping to find a cure for you. You want to find a cure, don't you?" She nodded her head. "Well, this might be the best way, to show them what it takes for you to cu...er, reach orgasm. So, what do you say, Bernadette?"
She thought about it. "Yes, yes. If we're doing it in the name of science, yes. I mean, who knows? We might find a cure for anyone else with this affliction! I'd be doing the world a real service, wouldn't I?!"
"Exactly! There you go." He paused. "Now, let's get you naked."
Clooney began to roughly paw at the buttons on the front of her dress. She slapped his hand away. "Hey, bub! I think I can undress myself, thank you very much."
"Let's go, toots! I ain't got all night!" De Niro demanded.
She looked at Clooney. "Shouldn't I do this in another room or something? Maybe come out in a robe?"
Clooney shook his head. "Baby, you ain't got nothin' we haven't seen before. We're doctors."
The bulge in each man's pants grew larger with each undone button. She finally wiggled her shoulders and the dress fell to the ground. The cool air conditioning mixed with the excitement had her gumdrop nipples at full attention. They looked as if they were about to tear through her lacy white bra. She reached behind her back. The bra immediately snapped around while she held it in place. Like a burlesque show, she slid a strap down one arm and covered a breast, then repeated it with the other side. It fell to the ground. Eyes grew wide when she finally removed her hands. The girls were finally free. And they were spectacular! She paused, allowing the men, as well as the cameras, admire their beauty. She finally gripped the thin strips of material holding up her white thong. It already had a damp stain. The camera watched from behind as she slowly pulled it down her legs. Her heart shaped ass was staring at the camera. She finally pulled the soiled material over her feet and tossed it aside.
The air left the room when she stood up. The camera behind her picked up the lust in each man's eyes and the bulges in their pants. She stood there naked before these giants of the industry, quite self-conscience, but also craving their touch.
"Boo-tiful. Absolutely fuckin' boo-tiful," Stallone mumbled.
George spoke up. "Okay, very nice. So, I think the first thing we should show them is how you can't cu...have trouble reaching orgasm strictly by fu...uh, having vaginal intercourse."
"If you say so," Melissa squeaked timidly.
"Why don't we go right over here?" He led her to the middle of the room and motioned to a large coffee table in the center where all the men had a good view. "Yeah, right. Now, just bend over and grab the, right, yeah, just like that." Melissa was now bent at the waist. Her ass was pointed straight at Clooney. She jumped when he roughly raked his hand along her swollen slit. "Ahhh yes, very nice. The patient is very nicely lubricated already. So, shall we begin the procedure?" A quick zip and his stiff trouser snake was out of his pants. He slid between Melissa's legs. He held his instrument steady and leaned in. A chill ran up her spine when his purple tip touched her pink lips. She gave a slight gasp when the head slipped through. He grabbed her hips and paused before he threw his body forward.
Her back arched and her head flew back. "Oh fuck!"
Clooney smiled and chuckled. "Oh-ho-ho-ho, that's the shit right there!" He gathered himself together and began to slowly glide back and forth. "So gentlemen, let it be noted that the patient is sufficiently tight. Incredibly tight. She shouldn't have any trouble cu...reaching orgasm under normal circumstances. And, just to show you how incapable she is of reaching orgasm, I'll stimulate her even more."
She closed her eyes and squeaked when he reached around and swatted at her raised kernel.Oh that motherfucker! I swear to God, he's a dead man! He's a dead man walking! Fuck!
He continued to flick her clit while his thrusting picked up speed. Every man around them was rubbing and grabbing a huge bulge in their pants. It wasn't long before her entire body began to tense. George could feel her beginning to clamp around his piston. His eyes twinkled with mischief as he grinned at each man.
Melissa closed her eyes and gritted her teeth.Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Don't make a sound! Don't make a sound!Clooney gave one final, hard flick and then pressed her button.Oh God! Oh God! Oh dear God in heaven! Oh gggggdddddd!her mind screamed in silence.
Every man in the room smiled as they watched her try to keep her body from trembling. She gripped the edge of the wooden coffee table as if she was trying to bend steel. But only the men with the best of hearing could hear her whimper.
Once George felt her muscles stop throbbing around his own muscle, he pulled back. Melissa took a deep breath when the head finally slipped out.
George looked around the room. "Now, any normal woman - at least, any woman I've ever been with, would have cu...orgasmed by now. How about it, Bernadette, did you feel anything? Anything at all?"
She shook her head while shooting daggers at him with her eyes. "(ahem) No. Uh, no, (ahem) not a thing."
"Maybe she needs a bigger cock. Maybe she needs some Rock cock!" Dwayne cracked, making the rest of the men laugh.
George held his own glistening side of beef up. "Really? Really? So, what're you thinking? A baseball bat maybe?"
Melissa's eyes flew open.Wait, what?! There's nothing in the script about that! If these motherfuckers think they're shoving a bat up my pussy, we'll shut this fucker down right now!
The Rock waved a dismissive hand at George. "Ha ha! No, just fuckin' with ya. Carry on."
George took a breath. "Alrighty then. Now, who brought the lubricant?" Affleck reached into his pocket and pulled out a small tube. "Ah, yes, very good. Good man. So, next let's see what happens with anal sex. It's very interesting." Melissa gasped when his finger touched her rosebud. "Cold? Yeah, sorry 'bout that." Her anus began to tremble as he rolled his finger around her winking hole. She rose to the balls of her feet when he pressed and slid past her sphincter until he was knuckle deep. His fist smacked against her ass as he prepped her. He finally yanked his finger out. "Okay, I think that should do it."
She concentrated on relaxing her ass muscles. She'd become quite good at it. He touched his pole to her back gate that was quickly swinging open. Melissa squeaked when the wrinkled tip slid in. A slight push. She growled when his body fell against her. He had completely disappeared into her darkness.
Her head flew back and her back arched. "Fuck!" she barked.
George took a breath. "Goddamn," he moaned. He looked around the room at the wide eyed spectators. "Okay, so, take note, her ass is tight. Incredibly tight! Now, watch what happens when I fu...have anal intercourse with the subject. Okay, here we go. Let me know if you feel anything."
I feel you up my ass, you fat cocked bastard!she thought.
He gripped her hips and began to hammer away at her backdoor. The room filled with the sound of whimpers and skin slapping skin.
After a few minutes, George asked, "Now, um, do...do you feel that? Do, uh, you feel anything?"
Melissa tried to gather her thoughts. "I...I...mmmmm...it...it tingles! It's tingling!"
He pumped harder. "Yes! Mmmmmhmmm! That's, uh, good! That's, uh, very good!"
"Yes! Yes! Good! Very good!"
"Oh yeah! You're going to...going to...gah! Your ass is about to feel a warm rush! Oh yeah! Oh fuck yeah!"
She started to shove back into his quickening thrusts. "Ooo yeah, baby! Give it to me! C'mon, give it to me!"
His thrusts stuttered. "Oh yeah! Cumming! Cumming! Ggggaaaaahhhhh!"
She felt a rush of thick, warm fluid fill her cavity. Each throb of his fat cock sent a new gush. Her own cunt was throbbing. She needed a release. Soon.
George's body finally halted. He pulled back. "Yes, okay, very good. Very good. So, uh, you felt a tingling but no orgasm, right?"
"Yes, a tingling but no orgasm," she panted.
George looked around the room, sweat rolling off his chiseled chin. "There you see, gentlemen, she had more stimulation by...ah, fuck it...by getting fucked in the ass than getting her tight little cunt fucked."
The director bowed his head and began to rub his forehead. George had just gone off script. "Shit. This can't be good."
George held up a finger. "But she still couldn't cum! Now let's show them what happens when you suck dick, okay? Bernadette, how would you like to give Dr. Pacino a blow job?"
Melissa knew George had completely thrown the script out the window, but went with it. She looked at Pacino with bedroom eyes. "Mmmmmm, with pleasure."
Al quickly had his rock hard machine gun out of his pants. "Ooooo yeah, bitch, why don't you come over here and say hello to my big friend."
Melissa slid over and knelt in front of Pacino. He groaned when she wrapped her soft hand around his shaft. She could feel his power pulsing through its veins. Her tiny hand made it look even larger than it was. Her face dove into his groin. He smiled while he watched her slide her tongue along the underside from ball sack to tip, then rolled her tongue around the purple head.
"Mmmmm, you like that, Dr. Pacino? Does that feel good?" she purred.
He gave an evil chuckle. "You want to play games? Hmmm? You want to play games with me?"
"Mmmmm, I'll play with you."
"Oh yeah? You wanna play? Hmmm?" He grabbed the back of her head. "I've got just the thing for you!" He shoved her face down. His rod flashed through her lips. She'd gotten quite good at deep throating. But she wasn't prepared for this sudden assault. He slammed against the back of her mouth. "There! You want to play games with me?! Huh!" He began to pump his groin into her face while he held her head still. Then, suddenly, "Oh fuck!" he cried out. "Oh, that's right, you fucking maricón!" Her throat took on the shape of his sizeable bullet. She swallowed him whole.
Pacino gripped her head and continued to skull fuck her hard and fast while he continued to curse at her. She smoked his pole as hard as she could, hoping to end the assault on her esophagus quickly.
De Niro was sitting next to the pair stroking his sizable tool. "Goddamn, Al, leave some for me, you fuck!"
Pacino's grip grew tighter. His thrusts into her face stuttered. "Oh, motherfuck! This bitch is gonna make me cum! Motherfucker!"
"Then cum already, you miserable fuck!" De Niro commanded.
Pacino threw his hips into her face. The director was afraid he might break her nose. "Oh yeah! Take that! And that! Oh fuck! Oh yeah! Take that, you bitch! Fuck! Fuck! Gggaaaaahhhhh fuck!"
He pulled her face into his lap and held it there. Melissa felt spurt after spurt of thick spunk shoot down her throat. Pacino continued to hold her head in place. She couldn't breathe. Her airways were full of cock and cum. White bubbles slipped out through the corners of her mouth. She pushed on his thighs. The room started to spin and go dark.
Finally, he removed his hands from her head. Her head shot up like it was on a pogo stick. She had streaks of white running off her chin and she was gasping for air.
Pacino was smiling back at her. "You were pretty fuckin' good. Pretty fuckin' good." She shot daggers at him with her eyes and said nothing to him through her clenched jaw. He just chuckled.
A familiar voice brought her back into the movie.
"So, Bernadette, how do you feel? Do you feel anything while you were, uh, pleasuring Dr. Pacino, uh, orally?" Clooney asked.
You mean other than feeling like I was going to pass out?is what she wanted to say. But her line was, "No, just a tingling. The same tingling as when we were, uh, having, you know, anal, um, anal intercourse."
Clooney looked around the room. "There? Did you hear that, gentlemen? The same tingling from anal...fuck it, while she's getting fucked in the ass as when she's sucking cock.
The director put his head in his hands. "So much editing. Sooooo much editing," he muttered.
"Now let me show you what happens when she's stimulated both anally and orally. Bernadette, why don't you slide over and use Dr. De Niro for your oral stimulation. And..." Clooney didn't get to finish.
"I'll do eet. I'll fuck her aahss. I'll get her baach," Schwarzenegger said in his thick, Czech accent as he stood up on the other side of the coffee table.
Initially, Melissa panicked as she spun her head around.That muscle bound motherfucker will rip me in two!When she spotted him walking around the table, she realized she had nothing to worry about. Because of the massive amount of steroids Arnold had taken in his lifetime, his pecker was one of the smallest she'd ever seen.I hope it's big enough to get the job done!was her next thought.
She felt a tug on her arm. "C'mere, little girl. Let's get this 'oral stimulation' started," De Niro growled as he pulled her into his groin. He grabbed her by the back of her head and shoved her into his lap. His sizeable wand sailed past her lips and slammed into her throat on the first dive. "Oh! Holy shit! She fuckin' took the whole fuckin' thing! Holy shit!" he roared.
Arnold was standing behind her watching her head dive in and out of De Niro's lap. Because of 6' 2" frame, his tiny tool hovered close to a foot above its prey. He studied the situation for a moment. Melissa yelped when his beefy hands grabbed her hips and her feet left the ground. She squealed when, without a word of warning, his hips slammed against her ass.
Arnold laughed. "Ha ha ha! Oooooo yaaaa, ba-by! You've got a tight little aahss, don't you?! You've got ahh tight little aahss like a little slut, ya! Oooooooo ya!" He began to pump his hips back and forth. Each drive of his muscular frame threw Melissa forward until her chin smacked against De Niro's balls.
De Niro continued to shove her face into his crotch. "Jesus fuckin' Christ! She sucks fuckin' cock like a fuckin' Hoover vacuum! Holy fuckin' shit!"
Melissa could only gurgle in reply to the comments. But she felt a very familiar heat building in her loins. She was actually building to a climax without any vaginal stimulation! Holy shit!Maybe there is something to these anal orgasms I've heard about!She thought while she drooled down De Niro's shaft.
As her heat continued to build, Arnold's thrusts quickly began to stutter. "Ohhhhh ya! Ohhhhh ya! Ooooooo ya, ba-by! Yourah aahss is so fuck-ing tight! Oooooo ya!"
Melissa pushed back on De Niro with all her mite and lifted her face out of his lap. She spun her head and looked back at Arnold's contorted face. "Don't you fucking dare! Don't you fucking dare cum yet, goddammit!"
De Niro grabbed her long blonde hair and impaled her face once again. "Who fuckin' told you to fuckin' speak, you fuckin' cunt?!" he hissed.
Arnold's face scrunched up. "Oooo ya! Oooo ya! Ahh'm cumm-ing! Ahh'm cumm-ing! Ooo ya! Ooo ya! Oooo gggggaaaaaaa!"
Once again, Melissa felt thick heat pump into her ass. Only this time she was much less pleased about it. That small dicked motherfucker! Wait until this gets out! she angrily thought while De Niro continued his assault on her throat.
Arnold finally pulled out and unceremoniously let her drop to the floor. A stream of white quickly began to flow down the insides of her milky white thighs. She gave a muffled bark when Arnold slapped her ass with his beefy hand, leaving a red hand print.
"Ha ha! Ya, sor-ry about that, ba-by. May-be betta luck next time! Ha ha ha!"
Stallone stood up from his seat. "Yo! Douchebag! Let me finish what you couldn't finish...again!" he loudly mumbled.
Arnold stared down at his nemesis. "You cahn try, mutha fahkahh! Ahhs usuahl, you get my sloppy sec-ahnds!"
Stallone nudged him with his broad shoulder when he passed. "Fuck you, prick! Let me show you how a real man does it!" Stallone slid in behind Melissa's sweet, albeit slightly red ass. Being considerably shorter than Arnold, he didn't have to make the height adjustment Arnold did. "Yo, baby, you ready for some Italian beef?!"
Truth be told, Stallone had taken almost as many steroids over his career and had the same problem Arnold did. But he'd be big enough to do the job. Melissa was so busy just trying to breath that she barely noticed Stallone's initial touch. But she immediately noticed the fresh new intrusion into her backside. The fire inside her quickly built again.
"Oh shit! Yo! Clooney an' Schwarzenegger didn't stretch her out at all! She's tight as hell!" Stallone announced while he stabbed her backside.
De Niro looked up at Stallone. "Wait until you try her fuckin' mouth! Jesus fuckin' Christ!"
The heat in Melissa's loins was quickly racing towards her sweet spot. Oh my God! I'm gonna cum! Oh my God! The two thunderbolts crashed into her slit and shot through her tiny body like an atom bomb.
"Mmmmmmm! Gggggggg! Gggggggg! Gggggggg!" she sloppily gurgled as her body trembled.
The men all watched in perverse delight while her body twitched.Goddamn! Either she's a helluva actress or she's really fuckin' cumming!Clooney thought to himself while he stroked his newly formed hard on.
"Look at this fuckin' slut! Fuckin' cummin' like a common fuckin' whore!" De Niro bellowed. "I'll bet she swallows cum like a fuckin' whore, too!" He threw his hips hard into her face.
Suddenly, there was new pressure applied. Pacino shoved down on the back of her head and held it there. "Yeah! Swallow his fuckin' cum like a fuckin' whore, you fuckin' cunt!"
She felt throbbing in her throat followed by spurts of thick goo. With De Niro's girth filling her throat, and the constant pressure to the back of her head, it was impossible to swallow as hard as she tried. Streams of white flowed out of her mouth onto the plush couch.
Stallone grabbed her hips tight. "Oh fuck! Yo! Her cunt is squeezing my dick like a vise grip! Oh fuck! Yo! She's gonna fuckin' make me cum! Yo, bitch! Here it cums! Here it cums! Yo, fuck!"
The shots of heat filling both ends of her body only extended the mind numbing orgasm she was having. Melissa couldn't believe her body was reacting this way!
This scenario played out for the next two hours. Every man in that room took at least two turns with her. Those little purple pills are life savers for the old timers and work overtime on the young bucks. They fucked until their bodies had deposited every bit of white liquid in or on her. And the cameras rolled the entire time. The editing team had their work cut out for them.
*****
For the final scene, we return to the quaint little cottage where we began. The camera starts at the back of the house in the cool night air and slowly moves around the side. With each passing window moans grow more distinct in the darkness. As the camera wraps around the opposite side of the house it comes upon an open window. The lacey curtains rustle in the light ocean breeze. We see a naked couple in the throes of passion in the candlelit bedroom. Their moans drown out the sound of cool jazz in the background.
The closer the camera moves in, the more the silhouettes of their bodies make it obvious they're in the "69" position. Melissa's loving husband in the film, Tom Cruise, is underneath her luscious body. Her head is bobbing in and out from between his legs. You can also make out the long, cylindrical shape of something Tom is pumping in and out of Melissa's heart-shaped ass.
Melissa lifts her head out of Tom's lap. Another long, cylindrical shape appears from her face in the darkness. "Oh my God, Tom! Keep licking my pussy! Your tongue feels so good! Keep fucking my ass! Oh my God, you're going to make me cum!" she loudly squeaks. The dark tube disappears back into her face.
A camera from above the bed zooms in. Tom's head pops out from underneath her. The dark pole he's pumping can be seen in the far edge of the frame. "Jesus Christ, Bernadette! You're sucking me so hard! Holy shit! I don't know how much more I can take!"
"Let's cum together! I'll swallow every...oh God! Every...every bit of yourrrrrrr cummmmm!" she squealed.
"Mmmmmmmffffff! Mmmmmffffff! Mmmmmmnnngggg! Mmmmmnnngggg! Gggggggmmmmm!" came the muffled moan from Tom when he exploded in her mouth.
"MMMMMmmmmmMMMmmmmmMMMMM!" she hummed around his throbbing hose while she tried to swallow his load and cum at the same time.
Tom dove in and out of her throat with every dip of her head. Her juices streamed across his tongue and down his chin and cheeks while he lapped at her quivering clit. Her sphincter clamped down so hard on the fat black dildo sliding in and out of her ass Tom had to put true effort into continuing to please her. Both of their bodies shivered in unison while the cameras caught their massive orgasms.
After what felt like an hour, their bodies finally relaxed. The camera watched as Melissa's head lifted. A thin strand followed her ascent until finally snapped and fell out of frame. Another camera watched the silhouette of her body crawl off of Tom and swing around until she was curled up next to him.
"Damn, Bernadette! You really seem to enjoy, uh, you know..." he panted.
"Fucking? I really seem to enjoy fucking? Is that what you were going to say?" she said playfully.
Tom nodded. "Right, fucking. You really seem to enjoy fucking since you started that new job."
She nodded. "Mmmmmmm, it's true. I do! It's taught me so much about myself!"
"That's awesome! Maybe I should come down there one day and have a session? Maybe I'll learn something we'll both enjoy even more."
The camera zoomed into Bernadette's face. She looked directly into the camera. Her eyes twinkled. Her lips curled into a devilish grin.
"I'm sure you would."
*****
We fought and fought and fought with the MPAA. The first three screenings received NC-17 ratings, which is the kiss of death for almost any movie. We replaced several "cum" and "fuck" utterances with moans or "oooo yeah, baby!" or something similar. We severely edited the orgy scene as you might expect. Nothing was getting us there. Finally, with a considerable bribe that arranged a mostly male MPAA viewing, along with Melissa (don't forget, she had as much financially riding on this as I did) agreeing to give the viewing males blowjobs during the screening, we got our "R" rating.
15 months later, almost to the day of that original meeting, the movie premiered. We didn't know what to expect. It was a massive hit! Apparently, Melissa was right. People wanted to see innocent little Bernadette get her brains fucked out. It didn't get nominated in any snobbish Oscar categories, but we made it into the Golden Globes in several. I told Melissa her golden globes got us into the Golden Globes.
Melissa and her husband Winston divorced shortly after the new making of an old X-rated classic went ballistic. Thanks to an ironclad prenup, he got squat. Out of the kindness of her heart, she let him keep one of the houses and wrote him a nice check with several zeroes behind it.
Melissa and I are currently working on our next project. The rehearsals sure are a lot of fun! We're keeping the censors busy with this one, even busier than the first. Always push the envelope, I say. The studios are clamoring to get a piece of this one. Melissa and I are debating whether or not we want to tell them to fuck off or not. My phone is ringing off the hook with calls from the biggest names in the biz volunteering to work in the follow up for union minimum wage.
The next one's going to be even bigger.