It is warm, late evening, and we have spent a couple of very pleasant hours over a meal and (for me at least) a few too many drinks, sat at the local pub. All evening we have been flirting, and you have been touching me whenever and wherever you can, stroking my thigh through the thin fabric of my dress, brushing your hand over my breasts when no-one is looking, rubbing my ass when I am stood at the bar waiting to place an order. You have also taken great pleasure in telling me just what you are going to do to me when you get me home, and by the time we stand up to leave I am horny as hell, stiff nipples showing clearly and mouth dry because all my juices have concentrated between my thighs.
All the way up the steps to the car, you caress my ass, and I lean against you, slightly tipsy, pulling you to me for a deep, passionate kiss. The night is warm, and you take the roof off the car so we can enjoy it on the way back. I am feeling very naughty, and as we drive off, you notice a coy smile playing around my lips.
You look at me askance
'What are you up to missy?'
Smiling more broadly now, I reach down into my handbag and pull out a small but powerful vibrator. I slide my dress up my knees, and turn to you, licking the vibrator lasciviously as I do so.
'I'm going to indulge myself now, and there's nothing you can do about – you're just going to have to carry on driving'.
I lay my seat back, and slide the straps of my dress to reveal my full breasts, the nipples hard and elongated. I pull at them, parting my mouth and closing my eyes as I do so, then cup and massage my breasts, loving the way the night air feels against them as we drive along. Then I pull my dress right up to my waist to reveal my long, tanned legs and pretty, dark pink knickers. I am all but naked now, the dress bunched around my waist. Without hesitation, I hook my fingers into the sides and slip them off, then hold them up to your nose to smell my scent as you try desperately to concentrate on keeping the car on the road.
'You nearly made me cum when I was sat at the table, you naughty boy', I smile, 'and I am going to finish the job now'.
Spreading my thighs as wide as I can I turn the vibrator on and stroke it up my thighs, then using the fingers of one hand to open up my pussy lips I start to stroke my clit with it, moaning in pleasure as I do so. I start to really get into it, losing myself in the waves of pleasure that the vibrator creates, sliding it through the lips of my sex then plunging it in to me, over and over again, faster and harder, my hand and thighs gleaming now with my juices, my moans and cries of pleasure drowning out the sound of the cd player.
You are loving it, your cock straining for release against your jeans as you watch my wanton display of lust. We have now left the country roads, and are driving on the motorway, and you stick to the inside lane because you are having trouble concentrating on driving while you watch me. There are very few cars on the road, only a couple of lorries, and a wicked thought occurs to you as we come up behind one. You glance at me, and I am still lost in my own pleasure, and you pull out, drawing level with the lorry. Grinning at the driver, you keep pace with him, giving him a full and uninterrupted view of me near-naked body and busy fingers...
When I finally slow down and come to, you grin at me broadly, and ask if I enjoyed myself. I have yet to notice our observer, and with my eyes full of lust, I lean over and unzip your jeans, freeing you cock, and kneeling up on the seat so I can lean forward to suck you. My ass is almost hanging out of the open top of the car – directly opposite the lorry driver – who is then treated to a great view of my exposed pussy as my head bobs and up down in your lap, sucking, and slurping for all I'm worth. I keep going, feeling your legs tense as you get ready to explode in my mouth, and then gulping as you do so, loving the taste of your salty hot cum.
I slide back into my seat, smiling like the cat that got the cream, and start to adjust my dress back to something like normal.
'Eh hem', you clear your throat.
'What?', I ask teasingly, 'didn't you enjoy that?'
'Oh yes, and I'm not the only one – look to your left'.
I glance left and take in the lorry, and the lorry driver leering down at me.
'Thanks for show love', I hear him shout as you accelerate away.
'You are such a horny slut – if you think we're going to leave it there, think again – we're not going home just yet'. tbc....