Gina gets lost in Palm Beach
Gina was driving toward West Palm Beach with Kevin, one of her college guys from next doors. The two of them had drove up there to pick up a, new to him, Harley that Kevin’s dad had bought him. They had no clue exactly where they were going as they cruised up I-95. Kevin’s dad had not giving very good information in his phone call to Kevin a few days ago.
Gina had dressed for comfort for the ride and was wearing very little like she usually does. A short, lite and very loose fitting satin camisole top, but with her being so short she was able to wear it as a short mini dress. It had very thin adjustable spaghetti string straps, extended as far as they would go so she could wear it as a dress. It also provided a lot of her ample cleavage to show from the sides and center due to the straps being extended so far.
Kevin had been watching her chest jiggle the whole trip, the wind blowing the top of the dress about, her big tits bouncing each time she hit a bump on the interstate, the sides of the dress so low her side boobs were displayed impressively with the camisoles low back. It was loose enough for him to keep getting flashes of her hard nipples, stiffened by the constant breeze and movement of the dress across her tits caused by the wind in the topless car.
Eventually exiting the interstate and hitting the main highway on the outskirts of West Palm Beach they were in search of the bike shop.
Kevin tells her, “Ask that guy there if he has heard of or knows where this warehouse is located.” Pointing to guy holding a traffic control sign on a stick with stop and slow on either side, they had a lane closed for construction.
The stop side of the sign was toward Gina but she keeps easing up and he is waving his hand to get her attention thinking she wasn’t going to stop. “Hay have you heard of Kasey’s, it supposed to be an old warehouse turned bike shop place off Bright or Blight or something like that?”
The guy is looking down at her in her convertible, with the car top down. His attention is drawn to her strap about to fall off her shoulder along with her exposed dark tanned cleavage and firm round upper globes of her big boobs.
After getting Gina to repeat the question, he didn’t hear a word she said the first time. He points the other way telling them go ask at the bike shop about ten blocks down, he never looked into her eyes.
She did a quick u-turn and was headed in the opposite direction I. Search of another bike shop.
Kevin laughs at her, “will I have to say I am quite disappointed in you my bonus mom!”
“What the hell are you talking about?” She looks over at him a bit puzzled.
“That poor guy was speechless looking down at your tits and you didn’t think to let that strap fall down your arm?” He laughs.
“What, you expect me to flash every guy that stares at my chest?”
“Well it would make it a lot more fun for me, I love seeing you flash people!” He grins at her.
Gina laughs at him, “you just enjoy seeing me naked, you’re not fooling me young man! I will do better next time for your enjoyment.”
She pulls up to the red light and looks over at a guy walking down the side walk, she drops her hand down to the center console to the shifter and gives her shoulder a wiggle causing the thin strap to drop half way down her arm. Leaning forward a bit to see around Kevin she calls out, “hay do you know where the motorcycle shop is around here?”
The guy looks her way, then realizes she is asking him. He too looks down into the car past Kevin and sees a lot more of her firm tits and most of her bare thighs than the last guy.
“Ah, I ah,” he looks both ways up and down the highway then back at Gina’s exposed cleavage and legs, trying not to stare.
She shifts into park, her areola peeking out now, her hard nipple keeping the top from dropping any lower. The guy just stares, looks at Kevin then back at Gina. “Yeah I think it’s several blocks that way!”
“Thank you!” She pulls off when the light turns green. “Better?”
He just grinned, “you know I like seeing you a bit more naked just like the next guy will!”
“What next guy?”
“Oh that was just a figure of speech, but hay I’m game if you are! And are those straps as loose as they will go?”
“Actually yes they are!” She giggled, “but I might can…” she reaches back, uses her legs to push her ass out of the seat and up a bit then tugs the back of the dress higher up her back.
“Oh damn, yeah that helps! How darning are you going to be this next time?” Looking over at her now bare thigh and hip, the two thin straps are draping down in the front a bit now. He likes that more of her cleavage is showing to the point he can see under boob looking in from the sides where he is sitting. The loose straps are ready to drop and allow the front of her dress to fall away when they drop off her shoulder.
Kevin is all smiles, even though he was seen her naked way more than he should, her being the married neighbor, her youthful body never gets old.
He points to a truck at the gas station with a few what look like construction workers, “those guys, they look deserving!”
She laughs, “deserving?” And puts on her turn signal to pull in after they pass through the intersection. “You do realize this kinda craziness is making me quite excited, right!”
Stopping next to the big dirty Ford truck, Kevin gives the right shoulder strap a quick flip causing it to drop almost to her elbow, “I sure hope so, horny makes you get naked!”
“Excuse me guys, my son and I are looking for a bike shop named Kasey’s or something like that, supposed to be an old warehouse?” Then she cuts her eyes to Kevin leaving the strap where it is.
“Well damnit, hello there gorgeous!” All three of them stop talking and walk to the side of her car. They are all three looking down at her mostly exposed right boob and very short dress showing off her firm tanned thighs.
“Yeah we are looking for this place, but it doesn’t come up on Waze, and another guy said to try the bike shop down this way and ask them, but we haven’t found it yet,” she points down the highway, “we have no idea where that shop is either.”
Her turning to point down the road allows the top of her dress to drop away exposing her lack of tan lines on her big boob and hard nipple, the strap now to her elbow pulling the top of the dress down with it.
Kevin smiling at the situation, “mom you’re a … showing,”
“Hush baby, I am talking here. It can wait!” She gives him a smirk.
The guys make small talk and excuses trying to figure out what bike shop she is looking for, mostly to ogle Gina’s exposed tit and bare thighs, almost to her pussy. Then one of the guys says, “I beat she is looking for Kelly’s, the old man that has the shop over off Landers.”
Gina leans over to get her phone from the dash holder, “I really hope I am not bothering you guys, we are from down the coast a bit,” when she grabs the phone with her left hand the other strap drops off her shoulder revealing most of the upper swells of her left boob allowing the right side to drop away completely to her lap.
“MOM! If you’re not going to fix your dress, just take the damn thing off if you’re wanting to show off, both your tits are about out of it anyway!”
She looks down, “oh my, I wasn’t paying any attention, I rarely wear clothes at home, never on our boat or at south beach, clothes are so over rated, don’t you guys think?”
“Oh yeah, I think they should be outlawed on women as beautiful as you!” On of the guys tells her.
Another tells her, “yeah if my wife was as hot as you she wouldn’t wear clothes either!”
“So anyway, where is this Kelly’s place at?” Not bothering to fix her top. She digs a twenty out of her purse while chatting with the guys, “here baby, go get me a Mt Dew and whatever you want!” She leans over for a kiss smiling at him giving his upper thigh a squeeze, noticing he has something stiff in his jeans.
Sitting back up after her kiss with Kevin, the top of the dress is in her lap now, both straps having dropped to below her elbows.
“Ma’am, I got to ask, are those originals, I don’t mean to be rude but damn you have got some pretty titties!”
Gina laughs, “no upgrades here these are all me!” She crosses her arms, using both hands to grope herself.
“Damn lady, you sure know how to tease, need me to do that for ya?” The closest guy asks her.
She leans up looking at the store, “my son’s not coming out yet, go ahead!” She drops her hands out the way and pushes her chest out. Two of the guys reach out each grabbing a breast. They both massage and roll her nipples, causing her to moan and bite her lower lip.
“Oh damn you like that do you? Need anything else rubbed?” The guy closest to the door asks.
“Guys, oh lord, it does feel good but my son might…” she looks back, pulling her arms free of the straps, grabs the bottom of the dress bringing it higher above her hips and spreads her knees showing them her smooth bare tanned pussy. “Don’t let him see you doing this!”
The guy leans over reaching down between Gina’s legs, “damn your juicy!” She lifts her hips a bit giving him better access, he easily buries his finger deep inside her.
“Stop, stop here he comes!” Pushing his hand away.
They all turn to see Kevin already out the door headed toward the car with a soda in each hand.
“Here you go, you said Dew right?” Handing her the soda as he gets into the car. He realizes the dress is up on her waist and her arms are no longer in the straps of the dress.
He grins knowing she got carried away a bit, her smooth pussy now showing and her knees now tight together, but he says nothing enjoying the view himself.
“Ok, well thank you guys I think I know where we are going now!” She mummers out obviously a bit flustered from the interrupted finger fucking she was getting.
The guys laughing wave goodbye, the one guy smelling his finger coated with Gina’s nectar.
Gina heads back in the opposite direction from where they were headed. Kevin starts laughing at her, “was it fun?”
She grins at him, “no idea what you’re talking about!”
“The store has windows you know! Did he get you off?” He smirks.
“Nooooo, you interrupted us! But he tried!” She giggles.
“You want to ask someone else for directions, I like this new game of being your son.”
“You’re as bad as John, he likes people seeing me naked too!”
“And touching you?”
She cuts her eyes at him, “sometimes!”
“Me too, you should loose the dress before we ask again though! But hold it up on your chest when we drive up to your next victim.”
She grins cutting her eyes at him again. “You are being bad young man, telling his mom how to be slutty!” She is following her Waze app and gets in the left turn lane stopping at the red light.
The app then tells her to turn right onto Landers in five hundred feet. But she keeps going through the light.
After a few blocks she pulls over next to a nice rugged handsome looking guy walking toward them on the side walk.
Kevin grins at her then asks the guy as he looks down into Gina’s car, “excuse me, my mom and I are looking for a shop called Kelly’s, do you know where it is?” Gina making a feeble attempt to cover her nipples with her hands, her boobs larger than her petite hands.
He just stares at Gina, looking around and starts to point back down the road.
“Oh sorry about my mom, she was changing, she got ketchup on her dress. I made her pull over and ask you before she was done, I hope you don’t mind. Can you give her directions?”
“Ah, yeah, sure it’s ah,” he stammers some more staring at Gina’s big bare tits and pussy exposed enough to tell she’s not wearing panties.
“Slide over mom and I’ll get the other dress out the trunk and you can finish changing while you get the directions.” Gina pushes the button to open the trunk before sliding across the seat.
Kevin smiles at her and opens his door stepping out onto the sidewalk. He intentionally left his door open while Gina moves across the bench seat very unlady like, having to spread her legs to get over the hump and across the bench seat.
The guy just stares and watches Gina showing herself not caring. When she gets in the passenger seat she tells Kevin, “here sweetie, minds well just put this in the trunk, I can’t wear it like this. Don’t want it blowing out the car either when I get on the interstate heading home,” pulling the dress over her head and handing it to Kevin.
She tells the guy, “just step around here and you can show me on the map how to get to this place.” Kevin watches her playing her part, as soon as the guy steps around the door she puts one foot out the door and on the curb, with her legs apart the guy can see her spread vulva and clit. Kevin sneaks a quick picture of her getting a nice profile with one boob and her leg hanging out the door.
The guys is not sure what to do, here is a beautiful older woman with her son, she’s sitting on the edge of the car seat with her legs spread and totally naked.
“Mom, no dress or anything else back here, you want this one back?” Kevin asks her, looking at the assortment of club wear, skirts, swimsuit covers and bikinis in the trunk.
She smiles up at the guy, “no sweetie, I think I’m quite good right now!”
“Well Kelly’s is just a few blocks back take a right at the BP, you can’t miss it.”
She smiles up at him, “I know that, just my son wanted to watch someone touching me before I dropped him off there. Can you help us out?”
“Touch you, ah, touch you how, where?” He looks at Kevin closing the trunk and walking up the passengers side of the car. He stops to get a better picture of her sitting naked showing the guy her spread pussy.
“Make me cum, right here in front of him. That’s how!” Gina says bluntly.
“Oh, OH! This is weird as fuck lady but damn you’re gorgeous!” He leans over and reaches out to grope her boob to see if she stops him.
“Yeah that’s a start, but use both hands!” She leans back to give him better access to her crotch and to let Kevin watch.
The guy wastes no time cupping her pussy and slipping a finger deep inside her making her arch her back while he is groping her left boob and playing with her nipples. He keeps looking up and down the street not wanting to get caught.
Kevin is now videoing Gina being finger fucked in public, his cock pushing hard against his jeans.
“Dude, she is really your mom, and you enjoy watching this shit?” He asks Kevin.
“Oh hell yeah, isn’t she fucking hot, she has a bunch of videos on pornhub if you can find them, mostly exhibitionist stuff, we love showing her off to strangers!” Kevin smiles at Gina.
“I got to ask, you fucking her too?” His fingers moving in and out rapidly trying to make her cum. Gina’s hips moving to fuck his hand as she softly moans and makes squeaky noises.
Kevin laugh, “oh no, that would be incest, we aren’t into that!”
Gina starts to squirm and panting rapidly, holding onto the guys wrist, “ohhhhh fuck yeah,” then starts squirting into the guys hand and onto the sidewalk, dribbling on the doors rocker panel, as she falls back into the car seat.
The guy shaking his hand of the warm liquid covering his hand and wrist, “oh damn that was good, I really needed that!” She giggles telling them.
Trying to recover sitting still spread and naked, “Ok, you happy now?” She asks looks over at Kevin.
“Oh yeah, thanks dude, we got to go!” Turning his phone off as the guy lifts Gina’s leg back into the car so he can close her door, after he too snapped a picture of her speard out and naked.
As soon as Kevin pulled away he reached over grabbing her left tit, “yeah it’s my turn now. I don’t get to do this often enough!”
“Oh yes, it is your turn!” She starts shifting on the seat getting up on her knees, she starts pulling his shirt up, “take this shit off, if I’m naked you are getting naked too!” Then reaches for his jeans rubbing his already stiff cock as she releases the button and zipper.
Kevin smiling knowing cars passing can see her topless with her sitting on her knees. It doesn’t last long, her mouth going for his rigid cock as he slides the seat back. He watches her big boobs swinging loose as she leans over, he has her left boob in his palm, while she starts to suck his cock. Licking and kissing his shaft then taking it down her throat like a seasoned expert, then bobbing deeper hungry for sex and a cock down her throat.
He can see her butt crack is lacking tan lines from her laying out at South Beach, with her ass in the air and spread. He try’s to find a truck to let them look down at her spread again, wanting to show off his cougar, but has no luck.
Kevin started thrusting up, then moved his hand to the back of her head applying pressure. She just lets out an “ummmmmm” as Kevin unleashed squirt after squirt into her mouth and down her throat.
She sat up giggling, “was that good for you,” while she was using her fingers to get the cum off her face and lips that slipped free.
Kevin smiling as she sits up on her knees her huge firm tits and dark tanned nipples visible again to oncoming vehicles.
Kevin does a u-turn heading back towards Kelly’s shop. “You want to stop and get the dress out the trunk before we get there?”
Gina giggles still seated on her knees, “why would you want to do that, I’m good if you are!”
Kevin just grins having finally gotten a blow job from his beautiful neighbor who is still on her knees showing off her tits.
In minutes he is pulling up in front of the warehouse parking parallel on the side street. The big roll up shop door is open, they can see a few guys inside working on bikes.
She giggles, “I will just wait here if that’s ok with you, I’m not dressed to go inside.”
He smiles getting out, “you sure, I bet these bikers would love to get a peak at that body of yours!”
He smiles at her as she slides off her knees, leaving her sitting in the passengers seat.
It only took about ten minutes before Gina heard a bike crank up and then come rolling out the big roll up door with an old biker looking guy on it. Kevin pointed to Gina’s Mustang near the road telling him to just park there next to it.
Slowly rolling up just behind her car he stopped short, but then he got a glimpse of Gina sitting in the front passenger seat. What he saw looked good, pretty wind blown hair, bare shoulders, her arm on the edge of the window.
The old guy, curious, rolled forward a bit more expecting to see a sundress or tube top. Seeing neither he eased up a bit further. “Damn son, your girl is not wearing her top, I like that shit!”
Kevin laughed, “that’s why I got you to pull the bike out, figured you’d want a peek and she is naked not just topless!”
Laughing at the two of them, the old guy looking at Gina’s bare breast over the top of the door, Gina asks, “you good Kevin? Can I go ahead to the house, thinking I’ll go A1A and get some sun on the way!”
“Yes ma’am, thank you for the ride, and of course the show, I’ll see you later at the house I’m sure,” he waved at her.
That’s when the passenger door swung open and Gina stepped out naked, walking confidently toward them headed around the back of the car, she stopped to give Kevin a hug. “Can’t wait to ride on the back of this bike wearing this outfit, and we can find a place to fuck next time, but I want voyeurs! Deal?”
He drops his hand giving her ass a squeeze, “whenever you want, you got my cell number!”
Then she walked around to the drivers side, obviously in no hurry making sure the old guy got a good look at her, before she hoped in. Giving her bare curvy waist, hips and tanned ass a little extra swish for the old man which were making her big tits away.
Giving them a wave, she pulled off leaving Kevin to explain.
“Before you ask, she is my married neighbor and twice my age believe it or not. She is hot as hell, hates clothes and doesn’t give a flying fuck!”
The old man just shook his head, “wish I coulda found one of those back in the day! All my crazies were just fuck freaks, I envied the guys with the exhibitionist gals.”
The two of them watched her drive away as she made a right at the corner.
The old guy gave Kevin the title to the bike and shook his hand. “That bike is sweet, I made sure it wasn’t going to have any problems for you. If you have any issues, have her bring it back to me!” He turned and walked away adjusting his crotch.