I came home late that night, Lacey was still up.
"What time do you call this?" She said, half joking, half pissed.
"Err..." I checked my smartwatch, it was close to midnight. 'Fuck' I thought, the surprise must've been plain on my face. I looked at her feeling very sheepish as I never stay out this late on a weeknight.
"Must've been a hell of a game." She commented dryly.
"Err... yeah, totally." I nodded, trying vainly to pretend that I had been watching the game and NOT getting my brains fucked out for the last few hours.
Her eyes narrowed and expression sharpened, suspicion growing plainly.
"You seem to be spending an awful lot of time with Bob..."
"Yeah!" I agreed perhaps a little TOO quickly, in a rush to diffuse the situation, "He's a good guy." I added with a grin as images of our earlier escapades flashed through my mind.
"Well you should invite him over Saturday, let me meet the man that's taking up so much of my fiancés time."
I winced involuntarily.
"We can do a barbecue." she went on with that familiar 'I'm-fucking-pissed-at-you-but-i'm-not-going-to-explain-or-justify-myself' look.
"Sounds good" I nodded, smiling at the last time I cooked for Bob, dressed only in apron, heels and lingerie!
Lacey wrinkled her nose "Urgh! What is that smell?" "Is that you??"
My face went white. I stared open mouthed briefly before I managed to say "Must've trod in some dog shit on the way back."
Lame I know.
She frowned, disbelief plain but unsure why I was lying to her.
We stared at each other silently in the kitchen. I could see the hurt and confusion warring behind her eyes as she tried to believe that something WASN'T going on between me and Bob, despite all evidence to the contrary, before Lacey said "I'm going to bed. Take a shower, you stink."
I sat at the table just staring at my hands, not really seeing anything.
This was bad.
Eventually I snapped back to reality and headed upstairs, I hit the shower and mechanically washed myself before crawling into bed besides her, doing my best not to disturb her.
She stirred and sniffled a few times but I assumed that was her just settling in her sleep...
I was up with my alarm the next morning and grudgingly went for my old morning run routine. You know, the one that didn't involve sucking cock and getting my pussy pounded for breakfast!
Life without Bob's cock all day everyday was going to be tough to go back to.
As I ran back past his house it took all my willpower not to simply go inside!
Fuck! It was going to be a long day.
I got back home and hit the shower, trying my best to get back into my old routines, resenting every second that kept me from Bob.
I tried to concentrate on work, the weather, the news, hell even the latest celebrity saga to keep my mind occupied.
No dice.
Quitting time couldn't come fast enough.
Back home I did my best to play the role of the attentive fiancé, I stopped at the store and bought Lacey a bottle of wine that she liked, impulsively I also grabbed some flowers, thinking that I would surprise her with a romantic gesture.
It never occurred me that this was exactly the kind of thing that a man who has been cheating would do.
Back at home Lacey seemed to have forgotten last night's episode and smiled in that 'you're-getting-lucky-tonight' way of hers when I surprised her with the flowers and wine.
All was sweetness and light until I remembered that I had to tell her about poker night tomorrow.
Her mood darkened instantly.
Fuck.
But I wasn't going to cancel and miss out on my daddy's dick.
I'd already gone a day without and I wasn't going to wait any longer!
The only good thing about Lacey's abrupt change in mood was that meant sex was off the table, which meant I didn't have to worry about faking it.
That night I struggled to sleep, I was too excited at the thought of seeing Bob again! There was also a great deal of unease about my relationship with Lacey. Things were obviously not good between us and I didn't know how to fix it, or even whether I wanted to. Yes we'd been together for a long time but I felt like we had drifted apart, this move was supposed to be the next step in our relationship but honestly it felt hollow, like I was doing it because I was supposed to and that we'd been together for so long that I sort of had to.
Friday morning and I trudged out for my run, the only good thing about running past Bob's house was knowing I would be heading over tonight.
That thought put a spring in my step and I pushed on through the rest of the day, smiling to myself at the thought of getting some quality time with my daddy again!
Lacey seemed noticeably colder towards me this morning but I brushed it off, nothing was going to spoil my mood.
After work I headed to Bob's straight away, noting that there were two other cars on the driveway. Feeling a bit uncertain I saw a note stuck to the door with Bob's familiar writing "wife".
I stood oustide and read "I'm playing poker with my friends Joe and Carl in the basement, I expect you've already seen their cars on the drive. Come inside, your clothes are on the kitchen table. Once you've changed bring us some cold beers xxx."
Feeling extremely nervous about meeting Bob's friends dressed in whatever revealing attire Bob had chosen for me, I hesitantly headed inside and found the now familiar box on the kitchen table. Inside was a see-through, red lace camisole that had a slit in the middle from the bra line down to the frilly edges, showing off my six pack. A matching red lace garter belt and red stockings completed the look. It took a bit of fumbling before I got the stockings attached to the garter belt, then looking in the box I found the familiar tube of lube, which I eagerly slathered into my bare ass, a red ribbon that I decided to tie around my neck and another pair of impossibly tall, strappy stilettos in matching bright red.
At the very bottom of the box was a pair of clip on gold hoop earrings, a clip on jewelled bellybutton ring and a tube of bright red lipstick.
No panties.
Suitably dressed and feeling very exposed very nervous, very feminine and very, very excited I grabbed three beers and tottered down the stairs the den.
In gloom I could see the three men sat around the table, cards and chips laid out already. Bob looked up and gave me that low wolf whistle of his that never failed to both make me blush and make me hard at the same time.
I put an extra sway in my step as I came over and made sure to bend at the waist and wiggle my bare ass when I put the beers on the table like a good gay sissy wife should.
"Mm! Mm! Mm!" said Bob as he spanked my ass and pulled me on to his lap in front of his friends.
"Looking good princess!" he said kissing me on the lips before he put one hand possessively around my waist and took a swig of beer with his free hand.
"Thank you daddy!" I said, very happy to be back in his warm embrace, my nerves fading away to be replaced by that addictive warm, pleasurable tingling.
I placed a hand on his chest and he leaned in for another sensual, long, ravaging french kiss that had my cock fully hard and left me blushing hard and breathless.
"Taste good too!" This earned some chuckles from one and an exaggerated eye roll from the other.
This was the first time I had ever been dressed like this in front of someone who wasn't Bob, let alone two someones. Nevermind being kissed by him in front of anyone!
"Boys this is Jay." Bob introduced me with another slap to my ass. "The beanpole other there is Joe." Joe nodded and smiled.
"That there bear is Carl" Carl grinned and winked at me.
Joe looked tall and skinny, he had long greasy looking hair and beard. He wore a classic black and red lumberjack check shirt, jeans and big black boots.
Carl looked to be around Bob's height but bigger and hairier, bigger arms, barrel chest, firm legs.
Introductions completed the men got down to playing cards. I sat on my daddy's lap, subtly rubbing myself against his great hairy belly, rocking my hips back and forth on his crotch.
My cock erect and drooling.
I watched as they played, the beer and banter flowing with the natural ease of old friend's comfortable in each others company.
Bob was clearly the best player at the table.
I left Bob's lap, smiling naughtily when I saw the bulge in his crotch as I swayed up the stairs to get another round of beer and bottle of bourbon as instructed.
I took my time looking for a tray to take the drinks back down to the boys and pretended not to notice the sound of Bob heading up the stairs "to see what the hold up was." to a chorus of good natured abuse. When I heard him come into the kitchen, I bent at the waist pretending to look in a bottom cupboard wiggling my ass provocatively as I searched vainly.
I heard him unzip his chinos and the chink as his belt buckle hit the floor, unable to help myself I reached back and spread my ass cheeks wide apart, puckering and winking my needy hole, presenting my princess pussy for my daddy's cock. He stepped between my legs and I shivered in anticipation as I felt his body warmth, before I groaned in satisfaction as he mounted me, sinking all of his thick, hard cock home!
"Oh yes!" I moaned. "Fuck me daddy!"
And he did!
In that long, slow way of his that sends pins and needles of painful pleasure arching through me! That deliberate, leisurely, controlled pace of his that let me know in no uncertain way that HE was in charge here and HE would decide when he came, not the cock slut he was balls deep in!
A truly masterful dominating fuck that had me mewling in pleasure, my hands now attempting to pull him deeper into me, one hand in my hair the other around my throat in that fucking sexy, controlling way of his, pulling and squeezing in just the right way to send that pleasure/pain mix through the roof and make me see stars!
My legs were shaking with the strain of trying to keep my balance in those killer heels while Bob threw his considerable weight into fucking me. I was now being kept upright thanks to his hands in my hair and around my throat and his cock skewering me repeatedly. "Oh fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!" I babbled over and over, drool running out of my mouth as tears of submissive ecstasy rolled down my cheeks as I finally felt complete with Bob's cock balls deep once again!
He didn't last much longer and with a series of grunts fired five or six powerful blasts of cum into my grateful pussy.
Feeling his cock spasm inside me and that indescribably satisfying feeling of being flooded with my man's cum sent that warm full body glowing pins and needles of a sissygasm through me in irresistable waves of delirious pleasure.
My cock spewed helplessly, fountains of cum arced out of me! Bob pulled out and I collapsed to the floor, a spit, cum and sweat soaked mess! I looked up at him with adoring puppy dog eyes, like a schoolboy that had just lost his virginity and knew he had the single best sexual experience of his life!
I hugged Bob's hairy legs as I cried and shuddered through my orgasm, then licked his cock clean of cum, lube and my ass juices. The taste of my ass and his cum never failed to excite me and I began to suck his cock, once he was half hard he pushed me away with a loud pop!
"Save it princess." he grinned at me, play your cards right and you'll have more than my cock to service tonight!
I shivered in pleasure at the thought of being used by Bob's friends!
Maybe all three would fuck me at once!!
Bob made himself decent and after spanking my ass triumphantly headed back downstairs to more hoots and good natured abuse from Joe and Carl.
I caught sight of my reflection in a window and had to smile, there was zero way to disguise that 'freshly fucked and feeling fine' smirk of satisfaction.
At least my lipstick hadn't smeared too badly.
Having finally located a tray and loaded it up with beers, bourbon, ice and snacks I carefully made my way downstairs before serving the boys.
Riding the waves of post orgasmic bliss I forgot any embarrassment at my near nakedness in front of Bob's friends and began to join in with some of the banter, even flirting a little. The way that they leered at my near naked body sent butterflies in my tummy, it was intoxicating to feel like the centre of attention and before long I was sitting in Carl's lap purring as I stroked a sizeable bulge and he teased my ass with his fingers and licked and playfully bit at my titties, making me squeal and squirm on his lap harder.
"Hey Bob, how about we change things up a little?" suggested Carl taking a break from kissing my neck and groping my ass.
"What did you have in mind?" Bob asked, knowing full well what was coming next and plainly not sure if he was okay with it.
"How 'bout next hand wins a blowjob from wifey here?" Carl offered. I gasped in mock shock and playfully slapped his big, hairy chest, my face flushed and eyes shining.
"You gonna suck me off if you lose?" Bob asked?
Carl raised his hands in mock surrender. "Woa, woa, woa." "No need to get all possessive boss hog" Carl grinned. "I just figured with the way you've been playing you'll win hands down and give us all a chance to see what your new wifey here can do!"
"Yeah come on Bob!" Joe chimed in, it'll be like Thailand all over again!"
"Or Vietnam!" added Carl.
"Or Singapore." continued Joe.
Bob looked a little flustered as his friends aired some of his past conquests. "All right, all right. If it'll shut you two old whores up!" "Next winner gets a blowjob."
I looked at Bob, licked my lips and blew him a kiss. He had been winning almost all night, Joe had won a couple of hands and Carl was losing hand over fist, so I moved and sat on Joe's knee, figuring that a little distraction would help Bob win!
Tension filled the air as the men got down to the serious business of a high stakes game. I did my best, casually stroking Joe's cock and nibbling at his neck, whilst I pushed my ass out towards Carl, shaking it as enticingly as I could.
Soon enough Bob sent me out for a round of beers and as I was closing the fridge I heard a by now familiar mixture of curses and victorious bragging, smiling I went downstairs, fully expecting to see Bob beaming that familiar grin of his.
Only this time it was Carl who was beaming and Bob with a scowl.
"A bet's a bet!" whooped Carl, "C'mere sweetie, I got something for ya!"
I looked at Bob and he nodded, and so with my daddy's permission I went and knelt in front of Carl.
With a shit eating grin Carl quickly unbuckled his pants and pushing them down to his ankles. I looked up at him nervously, this would be both the first cock I would be sucking that wasn't Bob's AND the first cock I would be sucking with an audience. To say I was nervous would be an understatement but I believed that a good gay sissy wife served her man without question and that meant pleasuring whoever he told him to. I took hold of Carl's cock and gasped in shock!
He was huge!
He must be at least 8" long and so thick I didn't think it would fit!
"Oh my God!" I whispered staring at his cock in disbelief!
"It's huge!"
"Yep!" Agreed Carl smugly. "Now get to work baby, we don't got all night!"
As if in a dream I took his cock in both hands and began to stroke it up and down, the sheer size of it was putting me in a trance, my natural cock lust rising to new heights with such a monster in front of me. I licked it up and down, noting the different taste, smell and feel, before spitting on it and drooling over it and starting my hand job again.
My excitement at sucking Carl's beast of a cock quickly overcame any nerves of sucking cock in front of an audience and I knew that Bob was watching me. In my mind I wasn't just sucking a big, fat, juicy cock, I was showing Bob how much I loved him and tried to show him how much I wished I was sucking his cock instead!
How I wanted to be the best gay sissy wife for him!
I kept one hand stroking Carl's long, thick shaft as I sucked on the head and the first few inches, making sure I licked it up and down like a lollipop and using every trick I had learnt so far to tease Carl and show off what a good cocksucker I was for my daddy! My other had crept below his big, hairy balls and worked its way to his ass where I tickled his soft, moist, fat ass lips.
"Fuck!" Carl groaned as I flirted with his hole, just like he had done to me earlier.
"Fuck he's good!" He moaned as I slipped a finger inside to the first knuckle, fingering him in time to my sucking.
Carl began to buck his hips up, trying to get more of his cock into my mouth, seemingly desperate to cum, but I was in control this time and so kept up my rhythmic stroking and fingering as I licked the sensitive underside of the head of his cock.
Carl's hands were in my hair now, trying to force me down but all that time in the gym meant I was able to resist and maintain control. His hips were now bucking wildly and it didn't take long before I felt his hot, bitter cum oozing into my mouth like a slow moving river.
I swallowed over and over, gulping his cum down. It didn't taste nearly as good as Bob's!
Once Carl had finished I dutifully licked his cock clean and went back to sitting on Bob's lap.
Carl was breathing heavily, his head back and eyes closed.
"Fuck me Bob." he eventually gasped.
"You've got one hell of a cocksucker there!" he managed between pants, still staring at the ceiling.
I smiled and blushed feeling that warm glow building, knowing that I had made my daddy proud!
"He's definitely a keeper." Bob smirked knowing full well that he was in possession of a white hot piece of ass and that he just had to say the word and I would be on my knees for him, or on my back with legs spread wide.
I opened Bobs zipper and fumbled his hard cock out, without being told I lined it up with one hand and sat down, taking him balls deep in my horny ass pussy. I wrapped my arms around his neck to get the best leverage and he slouched in the chair to give me a better angle to slide up and down on his cock.
And ride him I did! I wanted to show everyone there that Bob owned my pussy! I squatted up and down, squeezing my ass on the up stroke, feeling my ass lips stretch white as they clenched and then relaxing and sitting down quickly, getting that satisfied grunt from Bob that I had come to crave.
Watching me give Carl a blowjob had clearly excited Bob and he didn't last long, he moved his hands to my hips sending those addicting sparks through me, making me shudder as he squeezed my waist and began to lift me up and down his cock.
Fucking me in that controlling way of his that made me swoon!
I had been on the verge of cumming when I felt Carl's cum ooze into my mouth and now my cock was rubbing against Bob's immense belly I couldn't stop myself from cumming! I cuddled into his soft, warm fat of his neck, hiding my face in his chins as my cock spurted between us.
"I love you!" I whispered as my orgasm trembled through me, my pussy milking his cock as he fucked me hard and fast before that telltale tensing and eruption, which made me cum again!
Despite giving Carl a blowjob only minutes ago, the intimacy I was sharing with Bob seemed to make both Carl and Joe a little uncomfortable and as Bob and I came down from our orgasm, they made their excuses and left.
I lay on top of Bob, cuddling him, wallowing in post orgasmic bliss and rubbing myself against his great hairy bulk like a kitten, smearing my cum over both of us. His cock still inside me semi hard, making me feel whole, complete again.
At last.
Eventually Bob stirred and asked what time I was expected back home. I told him that I had come straight from work and hadn't agreed what time I would be back.
"I'm all yours, daddy." I smiled seductively.
"Mmmm..." he sighed, "Almost princess, almost."
I understood what he meant. I was still technically in a relationship with my fiancé, although truth be told I wasn't in any hurry to go back to her.
Tonight or any other.
I sighed a little disappointed that cold, hard reality had intruded on my evening, but I also knew I would be seeing Bob tomorrow so it wouldn't be so bad to leave him for a few hours.
"How about I wake you up tomorrow?" I offered, trying to get that romantic post-orgasmic glow back.
"Get here early." Bob grinned.
"Okay!" I happily agreed and suddenly feeling better about the weekend ahead.
We disentangled ourselves and I tottered upstairs on wobbly legs. After Wednesday I downed a bottle of beer quickly before I got dressed and was wiping off my lipstick when Bob came into the kitchen, my shirt was unbuttoned and I was barefoot, my tie hanging loosely around my neck.
I couldn't take my eyes off him as he casually moved around.
Bob went to the fridge and grabbed us both a beer before sitting at the table where he had fucked me silly earlier in the week, his legs spread wide in that powerful alpha male stance. I stopped dressing and stared, almost hypnotised, biting my lip.
His presence was magnificent, magnetic, majestic. He sat on the chair as if it were a throne, instinctively I sank to my knees and crawled between his legs, looking up at him with silent pleading.
I wanted to suck his cock! He had cum in my pussy twice already tonight but I wanted to taste him! To go home with the smell of his cum on my breath!
He looked at me questioningly as he drank his beer.
"Please." I said quietly.
"Please what?" he smiled down at me.
"Please let me suck your cock, daddy." I said.
"Pretty please with sugar on top." I added quickly.
He smiled and nodded, lifting his ass up so I could pull down his chinos and shorts.
"Mmmmm!!" I moaned as I took his soft cock back into my warm, wet and very willing mouth.
God how I love the taste of my ass pussy on his cock!
It was like my body's way of marking him as mine!
There are few things more intimate than making your man's cock grow to full strength on your mouth. I held my hands behind my back as I licked, kissed and sucked his cock back to life.
I sucked his cock lovingly, staring into his eyes as I bobbed my head up and down, hollowing my cheeks and swirling my tongue around the head to give him as much pleasure as possible. This wasn't a show like Carl, this was pure unadulterated cock worship.
This was me giving myself to my daddy, body, mind and soul!
Bob ran his fingers through my hair as I sucked him, making me shiver in delight. He slowly began to increase the pace, working his cock into my throat.
I moaned around his cock in submissive ecstasy as I felt my throat stretching around his cock, the vibrations sent shudders of pleasure through his huge hairy belly and I moaned again and again as he began to face fuck me until I was reduced to near gagging noises as the spit ran down my chin.
Then I felt Bob tensing and after a few hard, short thrusts, I was rewarded with his delicious cum flooding my mouth!
I swallowed it eagerly, being sure to swill it around my mouth his cum coated my teeth and gums as well as my tongue.
Bob sat back, basking in the satisfaction of getting his cock worshipped and I knelt in front of him, practically vibrating I was so close to sissygasm, but I knew that my man's pleasure was the only thing that really mattered and that my pleasure came from serving him.
So with a very satisfied smile, I sat on his lap and rubbed myself against him, I wanted to be marked by his prime alpha daddy stink until I saw him again.
Pleased with my efforts I downed my beer and finished dressing, then I headed home, Bob asleep in the chair.
I crept inside the house and snuck into bed as quickly and quietly as possible.
In what felt like the blink of an eye, my alarm went off and I was out of the bed like a jack-in-the-box, eager to see Bob again!
Lacey was still asleep in the pre-dawn gloom as I dressed in my running gear and headed out.
I jogged past his house and let myself in through the side gate.
As had become our routine the familiar box was on the table with a note from Bob.
This time the note said "wife, inside you will find the outfit I want you to wear for the barbecue later today. If you are wearing it I will know that you truly are mine."
I looked and saw a tiny denim miniskirt, way too small to even attempt to pass off as anything other than slutty. A crop top that finished handily above the bellybutton, which was again unmistakably girlie, a pair of thigh high socks and a pink lipgloss.
I checked through the rest of the box and found a lacy pink bra decorated with pearls and bows, with holes so my nipples could poke through and a matching pink lace crotchless thong again decorated with pearls and bows. The g-string like back was purely made of a string of pearls and I shivered in anticipation.
At no point did I think about what Lacey would say about me being dressed like this.
My thoughts immediately went to how could I make this happen and how Bob would react!
I found the white lace lingerie that Bob liked be to wear in the mornings and started the coffee maker before heading upstairs.
I still felt a thrill of illicit excitement as I opened the door to the master bedroom and caught sight of his sleeping form.
I crept in and wriggled my way under the covers, taking deep huffs of my man's primal alpha daddy stink. His cock was already hard when I reached it, having spent some time licking and sucking on his inner thighs and taint. I smiled to myself at the though of leaving love bites on my daddy as a mark of my ownership of him!
Once I had thoroughly matted his taint and balls with my spit I turned my attention to his thick 6" cock. I lapped up the pre-cum that was already drooling down the shaft and went to work, sucking hard at the head and aggressively taking it as deep into my throat as I could, more horny than I could ever remember at the thought of wearing that slutty outfit for him later today!
All too soon I felt his muscles tensing and I was rewarded with my first load of his delicious cum! I moaned in pleasure as that hot, thick, warming tang flooded my mouth, near overwhelming me in the dark under the covers. When he had recovered Bob lifted the covers and smiled down at me saying "good morning princess."
I smiled around his cock and said "good morning daddy" although it came out garbled as I refused to take his cock out of my mouth!
"Don't talk with your mouth full princess." Bob admonished gently and I smiled naughtily, giving his now semi hard cock a few playful licks.
As was customary I held his hand and led him to the bathroom, knelt besides him and held his cock as he took his morning piss. As the stream slowed to a dribble I took it in my mouth, shivering in depraved degradation as some piss splashed on to my chest and face, savouring the last drops of his piss and taking my time in cleaning his cock, pushing my tongue under the foreskin and swirling it around the head of his cock, lapping at the underside and swirling my tongue back the other way, loving Bob's reaction!
He playfully pushed me away and went into the shower and I quickly followed, soaping, rubbing and massaging his huge, fat, hairy body that I adored. The shape and feel of it under my soapy hands was still as thrilling as the first time and I revelled in cleaning my man.
The wash/massage/worship ended with me on my knees, my lips pressed firmly against his meaty asshole, tonguing his hole as deeply as I could, trying my best to lick at the walls of his ass. I could've stayed there all day earing my daddy's asshole but Bob again had other ideas and turned the shower off and stepped out, separating me from his ass with an obscene slurping noise.
Thanks to my efforts Bob was hard again but instead of giving me the royal fucking I so desperately craved he simply stood in front of the mirror and brushed his teeth, leaving me extremely horny but with nothing else to do but set out his clothes for the day and head sullenly downstairs to make his breakfast.
Bob came down and ate, complimenting me on my cooking as I knelt obediently next to his chair, hoping for a fuck or at least to be able to suck his cock before I had to leave. Sadly this wasn't to be and after he had finished I cleaned the table and as I stood next to the sink I felt his hands around my waist, in that brain melting, pussy moistening way of his and then a good spank that made me jump and squeak in surprise before bending over and pushing my ass back for more!
Bob gave me another dozen slaps leaving big red hand prints on my ass and my cock hard and dripping pre-cum. I waited to hear the telltale sound of his zipper being lowered, or belt being unbuckled but again I was left frustrated as he simply turned and continued with his morning routine as if he hadn't just turned me on to the point where I was ready to cum!
AGAIN!!
All he said was "see you later princess." as he casually glanced at his watch.
Feeling incredibly frustrated that I had only got to give him one blowjob, I changed back into my running gear and left.
This time going for an actual run in a futile attempt to take my mind off my lack of sex!
The only good thing to come from this morning at Bob's was that I did indeed have time for a run.
I got back home out of breath and red faced from running for once and hit the shower having managed to forget the whole 'not getting my brains fucked out for breakfast' thing with Bob this morning.
I'm sure he had his reasons.
Hell it could be something as simple as his cock was getting sore from all the sex!
Not fucking likely.
I also had the problem of how to explain what I was going to wear to the barbecue to Lacey. In the end I decided to just wear it and see if she said anything.
I mean she knew I liked showing off my body, this was just a bit more risqué than I usually wore on weekends.
I took a deep breath and shimmied into the barely there crotchless thong, taking a bit of time to make sure my (now) semi-hard cock was through the hole at the front and that the bead of pearls that passed for the back was snuggly against my pussy.
God that felt good!
Bra went on quickly and I put the crop top over the top. Mercifully it was opaque enough so the pink straps, bows and pearls weren't immediately obvious but they still stood out underneath the material.
I said another prayer to the God that watches over cheating gay sissy wives that it would escape Lacey's notice and pulled on the tight, miniskirt that left my ass cheeks exposed and the white thigh high sock/stockings.
I took a second to admire how the skirt/belt both hugged and shaped my ass. The classic white frayed edges looked almost like lace and really teased at what was underneath! Hell I would fuck an ass like that!
Then I applied the lip gloss, offering up another prayer that this would also somehow escape Lacey's attention.
Suitably dressed and braces for an epic argument I headed downstairs and made myself breakfast.
Lacey had her head in her phone and didn't look up as I busied myself making coffee and a breakfast smoothie.
Only after I sat down did she say "Have fun last night?"
"Yeah" I grinned as memories of the blowjob I gave to Carl and then riding Bob came back.
"Thought you weren't interested in cards?" Lacey said in a disinterested voice, still staring at her phone.
"Bob showed me the ropes." I said, still smiling.
"He thinks I'm a natural."
"Umm." said Lacey in that noncommittal way of hers.
"What time is he coming over?" she asked.
My face fell, in all the excitement I had forgotten to ask! "Umm... I can't remember what he said now..." I said, stalling.
She looked up at me, her eyes narrowing suspiciously.
"I'll message him now." I said quickly, averting my gaze and coving my face with my phone as I text Bob.
A couple of pings later and I looked up and said "He will be over after lunch, he's looking forward to meeting you."
"Uh huh." Lacey replied.
"Well lover boy you better get the shopping done and have the grill cleaned and ready before he arrives." Lacey said with her back to me as she washed up her bowl. "Don't want to make a bad impression now do we?"
"No." I agreed, sensing that I was already in trouble.
I did a quick scan of the fridge and drinks cupboard before jumping in the car.
I got several funny looks as I pushed the cart around the store and I definitely heard some teenage girls giggling as I passed by.
I definitely felt every male eye in the store on my ass, like they were all mentally undressing me and imagining what it would be like to bend me over, pull the string of pearls to one side and fuck me senseless!
One younger guy caught me eye, he was with his girlfriend but right now he was staring a hole through my skirt and practically fucking me with his eyes! He was hot in that classic blonde blue eyed, tanned muscle jock way. Feeling very turned on at his blatant staring and noting a good looking bulge forming, I pulled up my skirt and pushed my ass out at him, winking my pussy and giving it a wiggle before quickly pulling my skirt back in place. I heard an audible moan from the stud and turned back, smiled at him and blew him a kiss, nodding and winking at the spot of pre-cum that stained his grey joggers.
After that little show I noticed that a few single guys began to follow me round the store. That familiar feeling of nervous excitement was overwhelming the embarrassment of being out dressed like this and I began to enjoy the unadulterated attention and lustful leering.
My face and upper body were bright red and burning with embarrassment and arousal by the time I got to the checkout but I kept my head up as best I could, my daddy had given my this to wear and so wear it I was!
In the queue I felt someone close behind me. I could feel his body heat and smell his aftershave.
His hands went to my bare waist and I froze in shock! He pulled me back into him, his thumbs sigging into my hips in that way that always got me hot, and I gasped when I felt his hard leather clad bulge press against my bare ass!
His hands moved up my body slowly, deliberately, under my crop top until they reached my titties where he cupped and groped them, despite the shock and the feeling of having my personal space invaded in such a bold manner, despite having my body pawed and mauled in public, my cock began to react to this stranger's domination of me! I found my self leaning back into him, one hand going to the back of his bald head, pulling him closer and stretching my chest out into his hands, the other stroking his cock through his leather pants!
"Mmm..." he growled into my ear.
"You're a bitch in heat..."
"You need a good hard breeding, don't you?"
I couldn't find my voice, I was too turned on being groped in public. My skirt was pushed up exposing my thick 8" cock through the slit in the front of my thong, my crop top had been pulled up so my bra was showing, my nipples poking out obscenely and this man's hands were kneading and pulling on my tits merciless, stretching them out, pinching and slapping them, as I moaned helplessly as he ravaged me.
I was on my tiptoes trying to alleviate the pain in my tits, which only served to push my ass further into his crotch as a counter balance!
The assault ended as abruptly as it had started. The mystery man simply said "Pay for my groceries and bring them to my car."
Then he released me so suddenly I nearly fell to the floor!
I took several moments to try and compose myself and found that I couldn't meet the cashier's eye I was so embarrassed and aroused!
I scurried out of the store keeping my head down, ignoring the giggling and catcalls. Outside I stood and took several deep breaths, trying to calm my nerves and get my raging erection to subside.
Just when I was beginning to believe that it had just been some sort of waking-wet-dream-exhibitionist-rape-fantasy I heard a loud whistle and looked up. There he was my leather clad molester, leaning casually against his car. He looked a good few inches taller and broader than Bob, wearing motorcycle boots, leather pants with chains around the waist, a white t-shirt that stretched over his gut, a leather waistcoat, white beard and wraparound sunglasses completed the look.
'Fuck me!' I thought as I stared at him with wide eyes and open mouth.
This man looked like he just stepped out of the hardest, darkest, hottest fantasy I never knew I had!
Feeling extremely nervous and more turned on than ever before I slowly approached him, grocery bags in my arms.
I felt his dominant, possessive leer behind his sunglasses as I walked towards him, unconsciously swaying my ass more, subliminally signaling my submission and desire to breed.
"Put my bag in the trunk." he ordered and spanked my ass as I passed, making my cock jump. I did as I was told and as I came back he snapped his fingers and pointed to the floor. Forgetting that it was broad daylight on a busy Saturday morning I crawled on my hands and knees towards him and knelt, red faced and panting with arousal.
My skirt had ridden up again exposing my ass and hard cock.
"Your daddy aint taken care of that slutty ass pussy of yours today baby?" he growled.
"No Sir." I said staring at his crotch.
"You need a man to treat you right, don't you baby?" This felt like a rhetorical question but dimly in the back of my mind I remembered that I did have a daddy and that he had told me to dress this way.
"Yes Sir" I answered. "My daddy takes good care of me." I said, although right now, on my knees in a public car park, ass and cock on show to the world, it felt very much like I needed a real man to take care of my needs!
"Uh-huh" He replied. "He takes such good care of you you're near naked on your knees in a busy public car park drooling while you stare at my crotch!"
That stung but it was all true.
"Look at me baby"
I tilted my head squinting a little in the sunlight.
"You can walk away right now and head on home to your daddy, or you can suck my cock right now."
I was so horny and near hypnotised by his dominant demeanour. I wanted him to take me right then and there!
Still staring at his impassive, tanned, weather beaten face I reached up and unzipped him, it took a bit of work to free his cock from the tight confines of his leather pants but boy was it worth it!
He was at least as big as Carl was last night, maybe not as thick but his intimidating take-no-shit attitude more than made up for it! I moaned as I licked his cock from balls to tip, the taste of leather mixing with his primal, raw sex stink. The taste flooded my mouth and I drooled all over it, smearing his scent all over my face before I started to suck his cock wantonly, right out in the open!
His rough hands went to my hair and set the pace and depth, I was helpless in the face of this alpha male using my mouth like a pussy to get himself off! He pulled me tightly to him, my forehead pushing into his gut as his cock stretched down my throat and I gagged. I thought I was going to suffocate, I was frantically tapping his leg, trying to grt an angle to push back but he had me trapped, my legs began to shake and just as my vision began to blur he pulled his cock back with a loud SLURP!
I panted, gasping for air around his cock, inhaling the intoxicating mix of hot leather and his musk before he shoved his cock back into me making my body spasm around it! He throat fucked me until I was almost limp, the gagging sounds echoing across the car park as he used me like a total cock slut!
And in that moment I was! All I was thinking about was his cock! The weight, the feel, the heat, the raw, primal power of it penetrating me over and over, even the breaks he gave me to catch my breath started to feel too short, I wanted his cock stretching me open, reshaping my body and mind to pleasure it, to MAKE IT CUM IN ME!!!
And soon enough it happened, I felt his cock get thicker, harder and longer and then I saw stars as he came like a waterfall down my throat! His cock pulsing in my throat, almost drowning me proved to be too much and my own cock spurted cum! I moaned around his cock as I came and the vibrations made him cum again! He relaxed his tortuously painful grip on my hair and lay back against the side of his car, breathing heavily.
"Fuck, you're good baby." he said through deep breaths.
I was still in pure cock lust and so rather than saying anything I worked his pants down further and began to suck on his huge hairy balls, on hand going up under his t-shirt to play with his pierced nipples.
"You want more?" he asked.
"Uh-huh" I mumbled unwilling to take his balls out of my mouth as I stroked his cock back to life.
He pushed me off him, his balls leaving my mouth with an audible POP and ropes of spit connecting my bruised lips to his balls.
He lifted me up easily and lay me on the hood of his car. "Sissy boys like you need to be shown your place." he said as he kicked my legs wide and pulled my ass down so his cock was lodged between my cheeks, he smiled down at me as I pulled him closer gasping as I felt his cock nudge against my hole.
"Yes Sir!" I smiled up at him. "Please put me in my proper place!"
He put one hand around my neck, squeezing gently but firmly enough to demonstrate his power and control over me, then he ripped off my thong with his other hand, sending pearls scattering over the car park.
"Open." he commanded. I did and he pushed the wrecked thong into my mouth as a gag, he kept his fingers in my mouth and I sucked on them as submissively and hungrily as possible, licking them with my tongue, gagging as he pushed them deep into me.
We had drawn a number of stares when I had blown him a few minutes ago but with me splayed on top of his bonnet like a hunting trophy moaning like a slut with my thigh high clad legs wrapped around his black leather we made quite a spectacle and had drawn a bit of a crowd.
He spat on his cock a few times and staring into my eyes with a triumphant sneer sank his cock home. I cried out in pain, in pleasure, in satisfaction of finally geting fucked, in the forbidden thrill of being exposed for the total cock slut I had become and in public!
In the joy of knowing this is what I was put on this earth to do, to suck cock and get fucked like a cheap whore by a real man!
The pain quickly faded to a delightful, dull, throbbing ache as his cock stretched me open and he fucked me with long, deep, slow thrusts, letting the audience see the size of his cock and how my pussy clung to it and milked it as it pumped in and out of me. Despite having cum only a few minuted ago, my cock was already hard again and the shame of getting fucked in public had me harder than ever!
"Uh! Uh! Uh!" I grunted through my ruined thong and his fingers, my legs pulling him into me as deep as I could, my hands desperately holding on to the hood of his car.
"You fucking slut! You were born to get bred!" He said loudly, drawing even more attention.
He fished out the remains of my thong and tossed them to a red-faced, open mouthed bystander. "Answer me." he demanded.
"Yes!" I moaned out loud! "Yes I live to get fucked! To take cock! Breed me! Breed mee!! Breed meee!!!"
His hands returned to my mouth and neck and I shuddered as I felt him possess me again, he was really fucking me hard now, driven on by my words and the gathering crowd that had begun to shout encouragement and obscenity in equal measure, I was flopping around like a ragdoll, all thought fled other than the incredible feeling of being fucked out in the open, seemingly the eyes of the world on me!
"I'm close." he said for the benefit of the audience, one or two of which had their cocks out and were jerking off.
"Cum!" I babbled delirious with pleasure. "Cum! Cum! Cum!"
"You got it baby!" And he did, with such force I would swear he caused internal bruising! Not one to disappoint his fans he pulled his cock out of me and shoved me to the ground so the last two or three shots hit my face to the cheers of the crowd.
He stuck his cock back in my mouth as I finally got to taste his potent seed, it was the best tasting cum so far! Burning hot, spicy and sweet, the perfect thickness, heavenly smell and just brain-meltingly, pussy-spreading good! I moaned in pleasure as I drank his cum greedily. Then he stepped back and the two guys that had been jacking off stepped forward and shot their loads on my face too! When I managed to open an eye I noticed the blonde hunk I had been teasing earlier in the store. He had escaped his girl and now stood over me jerking his 5" cock, I winked and smiled at him before leant forwards and lapping at the underside of his cock as he jacked off.
I gave him a quick suck and he exploded into my mouth!
Fuck that felt good!!
The show was over and the crowd dispersed, but not before some of the guys had thrown torn bits of paper with their numbers scrawled on at me.
My leather clad man helped me to my feet and then proceeded to massage all of the cum into my face and hair. Any drops on my body he rubbed into my tits, making the top see-through with cum. He had taken several photos of me when the man had cum on me and he took my number "for next time." he grinned.
Feeling emboldened by what had happened and how free I suddenly felt I said "What if I want it first?" his grin grew wider and he added his contact to my phone before saying "If your daddy don't do it for you no more, message me. I got a whole gang that'll just love running a train on you!"
With that he got into his car and left. I sat on the floor, my bare ass burning on the hot cement as I tried to regain some semblance of composure. I couldn't find my thong anywhere and so I resigned myself to going without.
I grabbed my bag and tried to cover myself as best I could made it back to my car and headed home.
I cursed when I noticed the time as I pulled up in the driveway. I was close to an hour late! Lacey would be furious and Bob would want an explanation too!
Well no point in worrying about it now, I did what I did and I can't pretend I didn't love it!
I let myself in to the sound of good natured chatter and found Lacey laughing a little too loud at something Bob had just said. The sound of her laugh suggested she had started drinking already, which meant she was less likely to notice my disheveled appearance. Bob, however DID notice and raised an eyebrow questioningly.
I went to the kitchen and unpacked the shopping, before fixing a round of drinks for everyone, Lacey had always been a lightweight and smiled drunkenly as I passed her a glass. Bob smiled too and gave my ass a playful slap as I headed to the grill.
He left Lacey laughing at something and made his way outside to join me "what happened princess?" he whispered in my ear as he wrapped his arms around my bare waist.
"I got held up." I said a little unconvincingly.
Not strictly untrue really... I just left out the thing I got held up by!
He pulled me into him and nuzzled my neck, his stubble against my sensitive skin making me shiver and sigh. "you smell like cum, princess..." he whispered before nibbling my ear "you been sucking cock behind my back?"
"Not my fault." I whispered back as he began to rub his hands up and down my body in that fucking sexy way of his, grinding his cock into my skirt as he did so.
"Oh?" he enquired, his hands going further up, not delicately flicking my nipples, making me gasp.
"No daddy, if you had just fucked me this morning like I wanted, I wouldn't have been so horny, so when that man started touching me in the shop I wouldn't have been so desperate to get fucked that..."
"That what?" Bob asked.
I hesitated. It's one thing to DO those things I had done this morning, but its quite another to TELL your lover that you did them!
I braced myself, after everything I had done to this point I wasn't going to lie to Bob.
"A man started touching me in the queue daddy, he played with my titties and then he made me pay for his groceries and meeting him in the parking lot."
Bob had now pulled my skirt up around my waist and my crop to up to expose my bra, my extremely sensitive nipples and my lack of underwear!
For the second time today I was near naked in public, although this time was my own backyard but my fiancé was still inside the house as my daddy touched me!
"Then what happened princess?" he muttered in between possessively sucking on my neck and groping my chest.
"Then he told me to get on my knees..." I left out the part about him giving me a choice in the matter.
"And he made me suck his cock in public!"
I felt Bob's cock flex and grow.
"He face fucked me against his car..." Again not strictly true but it seemed to excite Bob further so I told him how he ripped off my panties and ravaged me on the hood of his car as people watched.
Which was technically true, I just left out the bit about how much I enjoyed it! How I begged him to fuck me harder!
By the time I had got to the part about the guys in the audience jerking off on my face Bob had slipped his cock inside me and I moaned in satisfaction as my daddy finally gave me what I had been craving all day!
Yes the mystery leather clad molester had a bigger cock and yes he knew exactly how to use it but there was just something indescribably GOOD about Bob's cock, the way it felt just RIGHT inside me! I smiled like the cat that got the cream and sighed blissfully at that magical feeling of my daddy's being back where it belonged!
"Oh yesss!" I hissed as Bob pumped his cock into my well lubricated pussy.
"Fuck me daddy!" I said a little too loudly before I noticed movement out of the corner of me eye.
Bob had one hand on my hip and another in my hair, bending me backwards and arching my ass into him as he pounded me. As a result I couldn't move when I saw Lacey staring open mouthed as Bob fucked me in the garden!
"L... Lace... Lacey..." I managed in between gasps, but she turned and fled.
Bob finished in me with a triumphant groan and I went to look for Lacey.
Her bag was gone, the front door was almost off its hinges and her car had gone too.
Three months later I was living with Bob full time in domestic sissy wife bliss.
I heard that Lacey had moved back in with her parents and had got two dogs.
I have rented the house to cover the mortgage and it gives us some new neighbours to fantasise about seducing them the way Bob seduced me.
Poker night is still on Friday although we do tend to play cards now!
And as for the leather clad man that molested me in the parking lot? That's a story for another time.