I looked over at Tara, anticipating her reaction. Instead of a mischievous smile or even just plain rapture, she was staring vacantly at her phone and pawing at the screen with her thumbs.
"Tara?" I moaned. "You're missing it!"
"I'm watching," she said, her eyes still glued to the small screen instead of the big one.
"Ughhhh!" I folded my arms. She always did this. I'd show her my favorite show, she'd sit on her phone the whole time and then at the end she would say 'yeah it was okay.' It infuriated me. It was like she purposefully didn't pay attention because I liked it.
"The guy with the hair that looks like Tom Hiddleswitch fucked the girl who looks like Olivia Rodrigo, right?" Tara said, lowering her phone for a second, and looking at me with an expression that showed she was perhaps 70% sure about this.
I rolled my eyes.
"I mean, yes," I replied. "That happened earlier, but we just found out that Claire actually knew about it."
"Which one is Claire, again?"
"Uggggh, you're useless. I don't know why I bother," I pouted. "What's so interesting going on on your phone anyway?"
Tara laughed.
"Actually, a lot."
There was that mischievous smile that I expected earlier. She looked back at her phone and continued, while biting her lip, as if trying to make a decision.
"Oh my god, are you on the apps right now?" I asked, copious amounts of scandal dripping from my words.
"Lol," she said, like the idiot who actually says that aloud. "Nooooo, not. On. tinder. No, I'm chatting to NJ."
NJ stood for Nicola Jane, one of Tara's friends. They weren't super close, but when they hung out, things always went a bit crazy. A bit wild. NJ was into "the scene" as she called it. She hung out with Burners, poly, queer, super-woke people, and didn't she just love to act like that made her more enlightened then everyone else. I hated to admit, but they were usually a lot of fun, even if a bit 'up their own asses'.
"And what does NJ have to say?" I asked.
"She's invited us to a party tonight," Tara continued. "It's at House of Love, not too far from here."
That was totally NJ's scene. A grimey, hipster, Burning Man style warehouse party in Bushwick. Neither Tara or I had been, but it had always held a bit of an allure. It did look fun, even if a bit self-obsessed. Of course Tara would be more interested in that than the show her own sister recommended.
"You know I can't get in though." I moaned. "Like they definitely check IDs there."
"So yeah, she says she can get us in. Free. No questions asked," Tara said, as if reading it off her phone. "We'll skip the line, no entrance fee. Apparently it's a special night or something, the best one... apparently. Invite-only"
"She can get us in?" I sat up and paused the episode, turning seriously to my sister. "Like she can really get us in. Because I don't look twenty-one. I barely even look over eighteen. I don't want to get dressed up, go all the way there, and then get bounced at the door and have to uber back here while you go off and get fucked."
Tara laughed. "You don't like NJ, do you?" she asked.
"I like her just fine," I replied. "I just wouldn't say she's always the most reliable of friends, right?"
"I think you need to loosen up a bit," Tara replied. "God, you're a teenager. At your age I'd be wet for the chance to get into a club, especially one as wild as House of Love."
Uggh, I hated it when she said wet like that. To me, it robbed the word of its meaning while simultaneously demanding good fun.
"I mean." I replied. "I am interested. I'm just a bit worried."
"Look I just confirmed," Tara leaned over and showed her screen to me: The message conversation with NJ saying 'Oh yes, 100% I can get you and Emma in. It won't be a problem. I promise. <heart emoji> <eggplant emoji> <splash emoji>"
"Eggplant?" I asked. "Really?"
"You know NJ."
"I mean, you do need the eggplant," I said, smiling at her.
"What the fuck is that supposed to mean?" she replied.
I throw her an "isn't it obvious" look.
"How long has it been?" I ask.
She opens her mouth in an uncertain blend of fake and real shock.
"And what makes you think I haven't caught a D in a while?"
If I had known this would have been her reply, I would have tempered my previous expression. That way I would have been able to amp it up further. Instead, I had to re-widen my eyes to symbolize how obvious the answer should be.
"We live in a studio," I said, through a chuckle. "You're not quiet."
I glimpsed only the slightest flush on her cheeks, before she turned it around.
"Ditto," she countered. "When did you last get laid?"
I did my best to imitate the awkward teeth grimace emoji.
"Fair."
"Sounds like we both need to go to this party," she smiled.
I stayed silent, but couldn't keep the grin from surfacing on my face.
"So are you in?" she asked.
"Fine!" I caved. "Let's do it.
--
Tara and I stared at one another. We always made an effort to not dress alike. We looked similar enough that it would end up with me looking like a younger version of her. Or a hotter version as I liked to say. We were both petite. We both had straight long dark brown hair, past our shoulders. We were both kinda pale, but I had smoother skin (Yes!). We were both short, but I was shorter. She's about 5'5, and I'm 5'2 and not even 100 pounds. She also managed to get all the tits in the family. She was a generous 34C, I barely managed a B cup.
We'd checked out the dress code for the event... and it was wild. You had to dress up. It was a rule. And not just like you couldn't wear jeans and a t-shirt, it said 'fabulous sexy, slutty, kink-wear, chic, evening attire, festival-gear or nothing at all'.
Tara and I had laughed about it. We knew what kind of place it was, but we did wonder exactly how wild this party would get. They tended to be quite vague about the details, but that sounded like the kind of thing you'd do when you wanted to insinuate sexiness despite the party itself being pretty standard. There were the standard consent agreements on the website 'I understand that consent to touch must be enthusiastic' and 'I understand that no space can be entirely safe'. We could tell it was invite-only. The event was online, but the actual ticket-purchase was behind a password. I assumed there was more detailed information there, but who knew? I was excited thinking about the possibilities though, and nervous. Naturally, I hadn't really been to clubs like this much before, because well I couldn't get in. I had heard a few stories from NJ before.
We had both already been pregaming, drinking vodka sodas and White Claws as we got ready. We already had a bit of a buzz going. I was playing music through the second-hand bluetooth speaker that I had "borrowed" from a friend, years ago. It was shaping up to be a fun kind of night. I could feel the energy in the air, the electricity of a night out.
Tara was wearing a black, mesh halter top boob tube thing, with a pink bra underneath. She had lumo body-paint and a black thong, ass cheeks out. She looked very much like she walked straight out of Coachella. She was lucky she had the ass for it.
I had gone a bit more classy, I think. I was wearing a slinky black dress with a long V, choker, garter and stockings attached to my lingerie bottoms. I couldn't wear my lingerie top with this dress. I feel like it maybe made me look a bit older? I go heavy with make-up too. Dark, thick eyeliner and shadow in comparison to the sparkly glitter and lumo of my sister.
"What a hot little goth!" Tara said, looking at me with a bemused expression
"Oh be quiet Kesha." I retorted.
She stuck out her tongue and turned around in front of me.
"But really, how do I look?" she asked.
"Honestly, like a slut. But you do look hot," I replied. I was about to ask her how I looked, but she cut me off.
"That's fair," she laughed. "Are you ready? Our car's going to be here any moment."
"You got a car?" I asked. "How much is it?"
Tara glared at me for a moment. She often reacted like this. We were barely scraping by, and I was the more frugal of the two of us. At the same time, she earned almost all the money we made, so she hated it when I criticized her spending habits.
"It's close by, so not expensive," she said, clearly swallowing her rage. "And it will take double the time to take the subway."
"Fine!" I said. "I think I'm ready. I mean, what else do I need?"
"Just dat fine ass of yours," Tara replied absent-mindedly, on her phone again.
--
I noticed the driver's eyes lingering on us in the backseat of his car. Two young white girls dressed to party; he knows the drill. He was playing top 40 hits in the backseat, and Tara and I sang along. I was nervous, but singing and amping up my excitement seemed to help me deal with it.
Tara was right though; the journey wasn't long. We soon found the car slowing to a stop. We could see the large colorful sign of House of Love, graffiti-style across a facebrick wall, lit by the glow of the streetlight. Outside, a long line of people waited. It was clear we were in the right place. The line itself looked like a pinterest board for the scene. Multi-colored hair, feathers, boas, drag, leather, corsets. Much of it was still covered by coats, but the wild party-wear beneath was obvious with even a cursory glance. There was a nervous energy rippling out across the line and e-cigarettes glowed in the darkness being passed between lips.
"Do we have to stand in that?" I asked, peering out the window.
"I don't think so," Tara replied.
We thanked the driver and exited. Tara was back on her phone, this time calling NJ.
"Hey..." Tara said. "Yeah... we're outside... okay... okay"
I listened with my arms crossed, feeling the chill of the night air. It was already like 10pm. My anxiety was rapidly rising. Was NJ bailing? Could she still get us in? I knew this was going to end badly. My eyes were running up and down the line. It was a young crowd. Looked like 20s and 30s. Pretty equal mix of guys and girls. That's good. I won't look so out of and obviously just out of school.
"Okay.... Cool."
Tara put down the phone and turned to me.
"Follow me," she said. She grabbed my hand and pulled me down the street away from the main entrance. We walked for a bit alongside the facebrick wall, and through a chain-link door in a chain-link gate. It looked like a loading entrance or something. NJ was standing there in the industrial yard, looking like some sort of cyberpunk hacker giving us "the drive" with "the stuff". Her hair was short, spikey and purple. She was wearing one black leather strap, covering her nipples in the front and squishing her tits against herself. The bottom was clearly made to match, black leather with metal spikes jutting out. I had trouble keeping my eyes off her, half expecting something to pop out.
"You came!?!" she cooed, playfully. I could see rainbow colored wristbands in her right hand.
"Of course we came, bitch." Tara said, throwing her hands in the air.
NJ had a big smile across her face and was chewing gum. Her eyes were wide and beads of sweat dotted her forehead. She wrapped her arms around Tara's neck and kissed her on the cheeks repeatedly.
"I love you!" she said. "I'm so glad you came."'
"Oh my god, NJ, you are rolling so hard, aren't you?" Tara asked as she broke away from the hug. NJ was still grinning like an idiot. She turned to me.
"Emma!" she announced as if she just noticed me for the first time. "My god, you look so fucking hot!" She prowled past Tara towards me. I laughed as she wrapped her arms around me as well.
"It's good to see you too, NJ," I said. "You having a good night?"
"I'm having a great night!" she shouted, pulling back out of the hug. She held out the wrist bands to us. "So, here's the deal. Put these on. They're VIP tickets, but we'll go in around the back anyway. They'll get you access to every part of the party. If anyone asks where you got them, you can tell them it was NJ. I recommend you say yes to everything, but if anyone makes you feel uncomfortable just say something to one of the unicorns walking around, they're called consenticorns."
She was speaking really quickly, and I could hear the dryness in her mouth.
"But yeah, come on in, follow me and you'll have a fucking great time!" she finished, beaming ear to ear. She beckoned us to follow her and headed towards an unmarked door. I glanced at Tara with a nervous smile, strapping the rainbow bracelet on and following. I couldn't help but stare at Tara's almost bare ass as I followed her in through the door. I couldn't help but giggle. What the fuck was I doing here?
The other side of the door was storage. NJ led us through a maze of shelving, down narrow passages. Set pieces littered the area, along with unilluminated neon signs and other elaborate decor. I rubbernecked, trying to catch things, but NJ moved quickly. The thumping of the music had grown in volume quickly.
Finally we reached another door.
"Welcome," she said, "to House of Love."
--
At first it looked a bit like any other club, perhaps one that you might see in a movie. The space was a large hall, with a high roof, but every inch was decorated. Velvet red curtains hung from the one side, making the place feel like a theater of debauchery. The floor, and various platforms were filled with people. Everyone looked different and interesting. They were rhythmically swaying, grinding and bouncing against one another, decked out in every type of outfit and costume imaginable. Lights were flashing, UV and regular. The music was pumping, directed by an elevated DJ on a platform jutting out from one of the walls. A blonde female DJ had her hands waving in the air, almost as if she just didn't care.
I struggled to take it all in. NJ was leading Tara and I through the crowd. She seemed to easily make a path, but bodies were pretty close together. Most of the crowd was too interested in each other, or dancing, to pay much mind to us. It felt odd, dressed as we were, to not turn more heads. My sister's ass was almost fully out, and only maybe three men turned as she walked by. It made sense, everyone else was dressed similarly, if not in even skimpier outfits. It made me feel a lot less self-conscious.
We finally found ourselves leaving the dancefloor towards a more open area where the crowd thinned out a bit.
"This is intense!" I shouted. I don't think either of them heard me though. Instead, NJ led us to the bar. I looked up, noticing the woman standing on the bar. She was almost entirely naked, save for elegant high heels and a necklace of what looked like grapes around her neck. She was swaying to and fro nonchalantly, made-up as if she was a 50s pin-up girl. She gazed disinterestedly over the scene, completing the whole look. I could help but stare at her and her brazenness. She seemed unphased, either by me staring, or anyone in the club. And why should she? She was beautiful. She was slim and toned, like a dancer. Her tits were firm, with just enough give to sway as she did.
I was standing directly underneath her, staring upwards as I felt a hand on my shoulder. I glanced down to see NJ and Tara both laughing at me, as I was just obviously gawking at the woman.
"Thirsty?" Tara asked.
"Fuck off!" I retorted, feeling the blush in my cheeks.
"Do you want a drink?" she asked.
"Oh, yes!" I said, feeling even more embarrassed now.
She laughed and turned back to NJ. I looked out over the club, so that my back was towards the dancer, while NJ and Tara were getting drinks. Now that I had time to properly look around I could pay attention to some of the outfits. There were quite a few rique ones, causing me to do a double take, even after the fully naked girl dancing above me. A short and petite Asian girl nearby was wearing booty shorts, boots and was topless besides nipple caps in the shape of stars. She was standing next to a massive white guy, barrel chested and hairy. He was wearing black jeans and a spiked collar, half covered by his beard. They were talking to a slim, but ripped black guy who was wearing a full-on multi-colored suit. As I watched, the white guy's eyes met mine. In my awkwardness again, I smiled. He returned the grin, I could see him looking me up and down my body, his eyes lingering on my wristband. Then I noticed his eyes dart above my head and linger there. Instinctively I turn and look up.
The woman was now leaning over me. I let out an involuntary gasp, shocked by her being so much closer than I expected.
"Grape?" she asked, barely containing her smile. The bunch of grapes around her neck were hanging just in front of me. "Open your mouth."
Almost without thinking, I obeyed. I looked up and opened my mouth. She leaned further and lowered the grape into my mouth. I gently closed my teeth on it as she pulled away. I felt the tug and release as it broke off into my mouth. She smiled at me as she stood and started dancing again, swaying to the music.
"God, I can't take you anywhere." Tara said as she placed a glass and a plastic water bottle onto the bar in front of me. She also took my hand and pushed something small into the middle. "A gift from NJ." She sticks her tongue out revealing the small capsule resting on it, before pulling it back into her mouth. She unscrews the bottle and takes a large swig of water.
"What the fuck Tara?" burst out of my mouth. I look around suspiciously before looking at the capsule she put in my hand. "What's gotten into you?"
She laughed and took a sip of her real drink, a bright colored looking concoction.
"I mean, when in Rome," she said, gesturing around the room. "Look around. This is like one of the funnest places ever. Just let your hair down for a change, I mean, you just ate a grape from a naked woman's neck."
NJ's arms wrapped around Tara's waist from behind and she rested her chin on her shoulder, making it look a little like Tara had just sprouted a second head.
"I promise it's good stuff," she said. "I took some earlier, and I'm having a fucking great time. This is a safe place. The perfect space to do this kinda thing."
I look down at the capsule in my hand, feeling like a kid in one of those PSAs about drugs.
"If you don't want to, then don't. It's not a problem at all," Tara said, dropping into earnestness. "If you're not comfortable..."
I throw the pill into my mouth quickly, and down the water before I have a chance to change my mind, choking a little bit as I do. Tara and NJ both cheer in delight. Tara moves forwards and hugs me, NJ piling on from behind. I can feel the sweat of NJ's skin on my shoulders as her arms reach around the both of us. Her hands rubbing against my back as she moans, "You won't regret it."
'I'm going to be where she is soon,' I thought.
Both of them pulled away. "Dance?" Tara asked. I nodded. We grabbed our drinks and headed back towards the dance floor section. The white guy from before had his eyes on us as we shuffled past him, but his one arm was wrapped around what I assumed was his asian girlfriend. We carried onwards, into the thick of the dancefloor, which seemed even more packed than before. We pushed in as far as we could, feeling the heat of the moving bodies around us. NJ was already grooving as we walked, but she finally stopped and turned to us, making it clear that she had gone as far as she could.
It was too loud to talk here, so we had to rely on verbal cues. That was easy enough. Tara and I were already tipsy enough on booze, and high on the excitement of the night. I could feel the heavy beat reverberate through my body. I followed it. At first cautiously, eyes still darting around, finding Tara's. NJ had her eyes closed and the music had already taken her. She looked like most of the other dancers, wild and primal in their reaction to the music. She snaked naturally, bumping every now and again. I could see her breasts bounce as they strained against the leather strap around her. She was in the zone. I wanted to get there too.
Tara was starting to disappear into the music as well. She loved to dance, and she was so fucking good at it. I had always tried, but I could never quite move like she did. Right now, however, I could feel the music in me too. I was starting to lose track of time, listening and moving unconsciously. I sipped my drink and swayed around, my hips moved on their own. I could feel the goose pimples rising on my skin with the rise and fall of the music, feeling the notes crash over me like a wave. I had never felt so connected to it. It was flowing through me, entering my body, living with me and then splashing out into the world. When I opened my eyes, the light was bright and psychedelic, as if the world around me had too become absorbed into the audio. Blurry rainbows of light appeared in the air, thick and hazy with the sweat of dancers.
Tara was grinning at me like a Cheshire cat, beads of sweat visible on her brow. She looked in her element. Her hair flew around her head as she shook her ass and twirled her body around.
'God I love her so much.' I thought. I always knew that I did, but I seldom actively thought about it. Now, seeing her overcome with joy, I couldn't help but admire her.
My body was moving on its own, guided by the music, it was an invisible hand guiding me and my sister at the same time. It was like we were one being, connected through the music. NJ too. My eyes darted over to her. To my surprise, a guy was now right behind her. Her head bent to the side, and she was grinding her ass against him to the music. His hands were on her hips, guiding them with the beat. She opened her eyes and looked at me, slightly biting her lip. She was clearly in heaven right now, smiling at me and winking as the guy's hands started exploring more of her body. My body jolted on seeing it, I could feel my heartbeat quicken, even faster than its already rapid pace.
She wasn't the only one. A quick look around saw the dancefloor steadily devolving into debauchery. I caught sight of a few bare breasts and nipples on the sweaty mass of people. Hands were wandering wherever they could. Nervousness and excitement surged through my veins, wondering where it was all going, wondering what was going to happen next. Arousal pulled my hair on my arms up to attention.
The asian girl I had noticed earlier was dancing nearby, just behind Tara. Next to her was the large bare-chested white man, and the black guy, who was still wearing his suit jacket, but not his shirt. Once again, the white guy's eyes locked with mine. He was burly and bearded, the kind of guy who seemed like he lived in a hut in the mountains and chopped down trees. He was a man, the kind of which I now realized I had never been with. I was still a girl, and I had been with boys, bumbling, fumbling, awkward boys. I felt a knot in my stomach, but I smiled at him. And I danced. My mind seemed like a bit of a jumble. I had finished my drink at some point, but I couldn't even remember where I put the glass.
He smiled at me, warmly. His smile put me at ease rather than on edge. It felt like a smile of mutual enjoyment. But he leant over and whispered something to his tiny girlfriend, who I only now realized had lost her nipple tape. Her small tits were now naked to the world, pert and dotted with luminescent nipple studs. She turned and smiled at me as well, and I grinned back again like an idiot. Embarrassed, I tore my eyes from her, and back to Tara and NJ.
The guy behind NJ had pulled the strap around her chest open, letting her magnificent tits free. They really were magnificent. She was by far the best endowed of the three of us. His one hand cupped the one, and the other was sliding down her tummy into her bottoms. Her hands disappeared behind her. As I looked back to Tara, I noticed the asian girl dancing up in front of me.
"First time?" she leaned forward until she was against me and whispered in my ear. Her body pushed against me as she did. I could feel her breasts against mine. She had reached her hand up and deftly tucked my hair over my ear. Her thumb pushed over my earhole, somehow it seemed to help me hear her over the music.
"Yes," I laughed. "How'd you know?"
I could hear the bemusement in her voice.
"It's pretty obvious," she said. "But also the bracelet." Her hand stroked down my shoulder and arm to my wrist and she took the bracelet in her hand.
"Oh." I said, looking down at it. I noticed that her bracelet was bright pink, rather than mine which was multicolored.
She was now holding my hand, and dancing in front of me, facing me. My heart felt like it would explode. She was so close to me. She was as short as I was, which meant we were looking directly at each other, and I was still smiling my stupid smile.
"Do you want to dance with me?" she asked. Her hips started to sway more rhythmically in front of me. Her smile was more restrained than mine, but it was there. I felt like I was in a trance, like I was dissociated.
I paused for a moment, staring at her and then I nodded slowly. She quickly turned and backed up onto me, her hands reached backwards up around my neck. It felt so strange to be in this position, this is the position the guy would usually be in. I have done that move before... I mean, never topless but still. She pushed her ass against me, rising and lowering with the music. I instinctively put my hands on her hips and ran them up her stomach.
I looked around again, Tara was dancing with NJ, who still had the guy behind her. I couldn't really see what was going on. But similarly I felt a presence behind me. I could feel who it was, without needing to turn around.
"My name is Storm," the girl in front of me said, "and he's Luke." She had to rest the back of her head on my shoulder to speak to me, her cheek rubbing against mine. As I turned to answer her, she pressed her lips against mine. I couldn't help but kiss back, closing my eyes, and surrendering myself into it. As I did, the nerves left me. The music returned. Her tongue slid into mine, and I felt at peace again. My hands rubbed up her ribcage and unto her breasts, squeezing them softly. I could feel her moan through her lips into mine. At the same time, I could feel the presence behind me against my back. He was large and his arms reached easily around both me and Storm. I pushed my ass back slightly, to let him know I was okay with his approach. Just the sensation of touching and being touched was driving me crazy. I just wanted more stimulation.
"Tell me if you want me to stop," he said, in a deep, gruff voice, as his hands covered mine over Storm's tits. He squeezed harder, harder than I had been. She let out a gasp in my mouth, but carried on kissing me. His hands left mine and started traveling down her body, leaving me to gently pinch her nipples. It was the first time I had ever felt nipple piercings. I could feel his bulge against the small of my back, it was shifting slightly as it grew. I rubbed my ass against it in encouragement. I didn't know what had gotten into me. His hands slipped further down to Storm's shorts, where he started unbuttoning, the first, and then second button. Once finished, his right hand came up to mine again. He gently, but firmly took my hand off her breast and lifted it, bringing it up to our mouths. We both obediently opened our mouths, and he pushed my fingers into Storms, and then his into mine. I could taste the salt on his fingers, sweat, yet I twirled my tongue around them, following Storm's lead on my own. His fingers were thick, and he wasn't shy about pushing them in.
He pulled them out and took my hand, guiding it down. I followed as he slid both our hands into her shorts. She had no underwear underneath, nor hair. She had prepared for this. I could feel how wet she was as my fingers touched her slit. She moaned as we touched her, her own hands reaching back and grabbing my hips. Luke pushed both our fingers inside, curling into her easily. We were all still rocking to the music, gently as our fingers started to play in harmony inside her. They started together, but then we broke apart, his still inside her, while I rubbed at her clit. I could hear her breathing sharpen, at the same time, Luke was breathing heavily behind me and kissing my neck. I opened my eyes again and looked around.
We had gathered a bit of a crowd. Although the dancefloor was still pumping, a few people nearby had turned to face us. NJ, Tara and their partner were obscured by another guy standing in the way, who was swaying as if dancing, but his eyes were fixated on Storm. Next to him were a couple, with her standing in front of him, wearing only lingerie. They were holding each other, although not playing, but both their eyes met mine as I glanced at them.
"Helllllo boys and girls and everything in between."
--
A loud and deep, but feminine voice boomed over the speakers. Ths music lowered. The dancing slowed and stopped, everyone turning to face the DJ stand cum stage. A spotlight centered on the platform, illuminating a man, no, a woman in drag. A drag king. Her hair was dark and short, and cut in a man's style, and she was wearing a three-piece suit. She looked like she walked straight out ofMan Men, but underneath she was clearly a beautiful woman. My burgeoning threesome paused, but did not end. Storm, Luke and I maintained our positions as we turned to see what was happening.
"Welcome to House of Love!" the host announced, her voice sultry and smooth. "I will be your host for the evening, here to guide you through every delicious delight and debaucherous deed that tonight has to offer. Some of you might know me. Others might have only heard of me. Some... may have never had the pleasure..."
A few chuckles rose from the crowds, as her voice danced over the word pleasure, dripping with sensuality.
"I go by many names, but tonight, well," she said, "you can just call me... daddy."
Cheers erupted from the crowd, including from Storm in front of me. I had pulled my hands from her pants and she had taken them in hers. As the cheers died down, daddy spoke again. Her charisma and aura was remarkable. Fully clothed, in a room of semi-naked ravers, every single person was only paying attention to her.
"Thank you, thank you. And thank you for all coming tonight. I always love having you over to my house. We're all family here, in this House of Love. Even families need rules however, so, as we tumble down this rabbit hole, let me share with you the rules of my house."
"Rule number one," she said. "No means no. It should go without saying, but unfortunately it doesn't. If anyone does anything that makes you feel uncomfortable, talk to one of our friendly consenticorns about it, and they'll help."
All around the crowd, girls and guys wearing multi-colored unicorn horns on their head raise their hands. The horns not only identify them, but make them easier to find in a crowd.
"Anyone who acts inappropriately will be made to leave, no questions asked. Rule number 2!"
She smiled.
"We're all here for a good time. Everyone here is here for the same reason. As long as you obey rule number 1, we won't bother you."
More cheers from the crowd.
"So my lovelies. I'll be joining you in a few minutes," she said with an air of finality. "So don't go popping that champagne too early. Daddy's coming."
The music dropped as she finished her sentence, punctuated by glitter being shot from cannons on either side of her. Cheers erupted and the energy renewed almost instantly. Storm pulled forwards and danced in front of me, wriggling out of her booty shorts. As they hit her ankles and her boots, she was left completely naked, save the footwear. She kicked off her shorts, deftly catching them in the air, but continuing her dance. Luke was still behind me, but no longer pressed up against my back.
Tara reappeared, dancing over to me past Storm, who was now back in the dance zone. Tara was smiling broadly. Her hair was a bit disheveled.
"Emma!" she called, wide-eyed and pupils dilated. She threw her arms around me. "Are you having fun? It looks like you're having fun!" She said it close to my ear, just like Storm had done earlier.
"I am," I reply, an unconscious smile creeping across my face. "This place is crazy, right? But... I feel so good. I can't believe how good I feel. What did we take?"
My heart is still pounding, and my body can't help but move to the music. Even while talking to Tara, I am swaying around, my arms around her waist.
"Molly," she says, pulling back and looking at my face. Although I'm looking her in the eyes, her face seems blurry and I have trouble focusing on it. "Emma, I love you so much. I'm so glad you're having fun!"
"I love you too!" I insisted.
We both laughed, giggled with beaming smiles. We sounded like such losers. Here we were in a crazy sex rave, and her and I were hugging in the middle telling each other how much we loved one another. We danced with each other, instinctually. We couldn't not, with all the endorphins or whatever that were flowing through our veins.
Once again, I felt a presence behind me. This time it was clearly no 6 foot tall man, but rather little Storm. She nuzzled into the nape of my neck, kissing me. Her hands on my hips.
"Oh hello," said my sister in surprise, still laughing.
"This is Storm," I introduced her. Storm paused for a second from kissing my neck to look up.
"Hi!" she sang. She moved out from behind me and wriggled her way between me and Tara. Her ass was to me again, as she liked it, and she reached around Tara's neck this time. She pulled her down into a kiss, rubbing her ass against me. I could see Tara and her getting lost in the kiss. She tended to have that effect on people. Tara's hands were wandering down Storm's bare back to her, just as bare, ass cheeks. She gripped them and squeezed.
It was so odd to see Tara do that.
The now familiar presence of Luke appeared behind me. I was starting to understand their movement. Him, being a large and potentially threatening man, hung back and let her, the cute and diminutive kitten, make friends for them. Smart. Once again, his large physique wrapped around me. His hands on my hips, his head resting above mine. He kissed down my cheek to my mouth. His beard rubbed against my face. It felt so different, to the boys I'd been with before, and the girl only minutes ago. His hands explored confidently, as if he knew I wasn't going to stop them. They reached down my legs and under gripped the sides of my dress, hiking it up. My heart leaped as he did. Oh god, this was actually happening. His hand crept up under my dress. Unlike his girlfriend, I was wearing underwear. It was pretty damp at this point, both from sweat and the extended play of the night. His right hand stroked up my inner thigh and rubbed over my panties. He kept his palm flat, but slid a finger slightly over my slit. Storm's ass was bumping his hand against me, grinding against my sex.
"Oh god," I muttered. I reached my hands forward in front of me, around Storm in this perverted congo line. I closed my eyes and held myself against her back. Luke's left hand pulled my dress up further, as his right fighting to get under my panties. He succeeded, and his middle finger crawled down inside me. I felt the pleasure in my throat, in my nervous stomach. The music filled me and I rocked my body to it, moaning as all our movements complemented one another. I felt other hands, maybe Storm's, grip my ass. No, Storm shifts around in front of me. I recognized her smell and movements, and her mouth. Her tongue, her lips, against mine. I started to lose myself again. I could feel the pleasure building inside me, burning inside me as his hand rubbed against my clit and his finger pushed inside me. I was moaning, that I could tell. I felt hands pulling my dress up even more. I didn't care. I felt it get pulled up my body, breaking my kiss with Storm as it reached my head. It was pulled up over me and left me.
The familiar feeling of being topless, the air against my skin, felt electric. Quickly the nakedness of my nipple is replaced by the softness of a kiss, as Storm took it into her mouth. I held her head against me, enraptured by her tongue looping hungrily. Oh god, it was building up. I gripped her hair, rocking my hips back and forth. I let out an audible moan. It just escaped from me, unwillingly, as my orgasm overtook me. The fingers inside me continued through it. It took me a few moments to come back down to earth. My legs were weak. Luke slid his hand out from my black lace panties. Only then did I realize how unsteady I was. I fall back onto him, opening my eyes as he holds me up easily. My eyes struggled to adapt to seeing lights and colors again. I looked around, conscious of Luke's bulge pressed against the top of my ass.
The party was in full swing now. Storm and I were not the only girls topless, but we had re-congregated our audience. I recognized the same three from earlier, the couple and a guy, but there were more people around now as well. Some were staring at me, some at Storm. Storm was loving the attention. She had drawn back from me and was now dancing with Tara. I could see the faraway look in Tara's eyes; she was lost in the sensorial bliss of Storms hands running all over her. Tara was just swaying to the music as Storm's hands roamed, first unclipping her bra and then pulling it off underneath her mesh top. She dropped it to the floor and then gently squeezed Tara's tits.
From behind, Luke's hands rose up and squeezed my tits, sparking life back into me. I had almost forgotten myself watching the other two dancing. His right hand continued upwards, creeping over my neck and to my mouth again. He slid his fingers in, so that I could taste my own juices and wetness left there. As he started pushing his fingers in or out, he whispered in my ear.
"Are you ready to use your mouth?"
My heart leaped when he said it, I felt wetness again. I stared ahead as Storm took my sister's nipple into her mouth through the mesh top. I noticed that one of the guys watching has his hand down his pants, rubbing himself. Luke was waiting for my response. Fuck, I was waiting for my response.
I nodded.
His reply was immediate. He pulled his fingers gently from my mouth, put both his hands on my shoulders and turned me around to face him. He was so tall, I craned my neck to look up at his face. It was a blur of beard, spiked collar and eyes. He kissed me roughly, more roughly than Storm. Then he pushed me down. I obeyed without really thinking about it, dropping to my knees on the floor. It was, thankfully, softer than I expected. It wasn't bare concrete at least. Wait, why am I thinking about the floor? Luke was already unbuttoning his black jeans. I stared at his crotch. I could see his bulge struggling to escape. After unbuttoning, he pulled his hands away, prompting me to finish the job.
I reached up and pulled down his pants, operating almost on autopilot. They struggled down, but as they got past this package, it was easier. His cock jumped out, almost fully hard. Lookin at him, I had expected his cock to be big. He was a big guy and they're usually proportional right? Even so, he was far bigger than I had imagined. It looked like it was about the size of my forearm, as thick, and circumcised. Although I hadn't really seen that many, I could honestly say it was the biggest I had seen, at least in person. When I reached up to grab it, my hand couldn't fit around. My hand felt a child's around its girth, even as I brought up my second. I ran my fingers up and down the length of it, not quite sure how to even begin to tackle this beast. I decided to just go for it, starting by twirling my tongue around the tip. Then I licked up and down his shaft, doing my best to get as much of it wet as possible. It hardened even more as I did. The slickness of my saliva helped my hands stroke it. It seemed to grow way too hard for something so big. I now understood what Storm saw in this mountain of a man. He looked down at me as I stroked his cock, I couldn't even tell if he was making eye contact because of the bright lights haloing his head.
I opened my mouth to start sucking it. It felt impossibly big in my mouth. I tried, opening as wide as I could, but my jaw started to hurt immediately. I felt a hand on my shoulder, and the familiar shape of Storm lower to the ground next to me on the right, a broad grin on her face. She kissed me on the cheek and she started sharing her boyfriend's cock with me. As I looked at her, I noticed the crowd was surrounding us. In fact, the guy standing behind her had his own dick out and was slowly rubbing it. I barely registered it as I just worked on the cock in front of me, trying to accommodate it in my mouth. Storm took it from me, and into hers instead. She was clearly far more experienced, easily sliding it down her throat. She made it about halfway down on her first try. I just leaned back watching in wonder. She pulled back off it, choking a bit, but still smiling in that mischievous way while stroking it. With a look of determination, she dived back onto it. She threw her mouth around it, forcing herself with reckless abandon. She made it almost to the bottom, about two thirds of the way. She pulled off and looked at me proudly, like a kid showing her mom how she could ride a bike with no hands. She grinned like a maniac, and I noticed her eyes fixate on something just behind me. I turned instinctively towards it.
To the left of me, a black guy had approached, cock in hand. It was a far more reasonably sized one. I recoiled suddenly and he stopped. It took me a moment to recognize him as the guy who had been with Storm and Luke before. I smiled up at him, realizing that my reaction had him worried. He took that as consent to step up next to Luke in front of me, his cock already at attention. Storm smiled at him and then nodded her head to me as if to say: "Well, go ahead". I would have complained about her stealing Luke's, but this was a far more manageable size for me. I opened my mouth and went for it, adopting Storm's all or nothing approach. His cock wasn't fully hard yet, but it quickly started growing as I took it. I stroked it gently, sliding my mouth up and down, feeling it enter my throat. This felt natural to me, and was way easier than blowing Luke. The music was still pumping, and he started pumping into my mouth in time. That didn't take long at all. His hands gripped my hair, holding my head still and then pushing it on and off his cock. I could feel the pressure building in him. I knew what was coming, even if I couldn't hear his moans. I felt him buck a bit and then... he gripped the top of my head, pushed it back and pulled out of my mouth, my hand still on his dick.
My mouth was still open as he came. The first spurt hit my lips, and tongue. The second hit my cheek and I continued jerking him off. Despite his average-sized cock, he came buckets. Two more massive ropes of his thick gooey cum sprayed over my tits. I leaned forward and took his cock in my mouth again, feeling him continuing to spurt. I assumed I could take the rest in my mouth, but he didn't really stop. I could feel it spilling out of the sides as I sucked him, even as I tried to gulp it down. I pulled back to swallow, and another final spurt pumped onto my face. I smiled up at him, face and tits covered in cum. I couldn't believe what I'd just done. He let go of my hair, and helped me to my feet. For the first time in what felt like forever, I looked around.
A few people had been watching me while dancing, Tara included. She had a massive smile on her face, feeling the music flowing through her body. She had clearly lost her bra and mesh up at this point and was writhing around topless. NJ was making out with the guy she had been dancing with a few feet away, she looked like she was also completely naked at this point. Everyone else was in various stages of nakedness. A couple was watching me intently, the guy behind the girl, one hand on her tit and the other down her pants. Three guys who looked like they might be gay were grinding one another next the them, wearing black leather pants with very conspicuous bulges. A few other, clearly not gay, men were dancing while clearly watching me. On the other side, the black guy I had blown was looking at Storm and Luke. Storm had stopped sucking him off, and was now making out with him.
"Thank you," the black guy said, leaning forward into my ear. "I'm Trey."
I smiled back at him. "Emma."
He pulled back as someone else's hand creeped around me, over the small of my back. I recognize the touch as Tara's somehow.
"I can't believe you just did that," she whispered in my ear, "that was insane."
I can hear her jaw chewing as she whispers. It's the same feeling I have, the oral fixation. It must be from the molly. I turn back to her, face to face. Her eyes are wide, pupils dilated. Her expression is a mixture of impressed, and shocked, but also pure unadulterated joy.
"I know right!?" I said, feeling the cum still clinging to my chin. Tara's eyes darted down to it. She brought her hand up and rubbed her thumb to collect it. She pulled it back and slid it into her own mouth, licking it off. Half of me couldn't believe what I was seeing, the other half knew it was going to happen. Same with what came next. I opened my mouth and leaned forwards into her, kissing her. She reciprocated instantly and slid her tongue into my mouth. We started making out, our hands reaching around each other. I could feel her gripping my ass cheeks as we kissed, and the cum still on me smeared over her face and tits. I had no idea what came over me, well, besides that guy Trey, but I just felt so hungry for her. I reached up and grabbed her tit as we kissed, causing us both to nearly lose our balance. We laughed as we bumped into another couple. We lost ourselves in the moment, dancing together, grinding together, fondling one another as your tongues danced. Every touch felt electric. I had thought I was high before, but I realized that I was still coming up. My heartbeat was racing and I was in absolute ecstasy. I moaned loudly as Tara lifted me by the ass, placing it on something firm behind me. I think it might have been the stage, or a pedestal, but I had lost track of where we were.
She kissed and licked down my chin and neck, down to my breasts. Her hand slid between my legs as she took my nipple into her mouth, kissing it and gently nibbling. Her hand was rubbing against my pussy, which was already soaking wet. I spread my legs for her, falling backwards as I do. Fortunately, someone else's hand stopped me, a powerful thick hand at my back that gently lay me down. I opened my eyes to see Luke there, standing next to where I was now laying. He watched as my sister kissed her way down my stomach. Tara pushed her fingers into me as she kissed my clit, eliciting a gasp I couldn't stop. She slid them in and out, curving them up as she started licking me. Oh god she knew what she was doing alright. I reached out with my hands, and one found what must have been Luke's cock. I could recognize its girth. I held onto it, almost for support as Tara gently fingered me and licked at my clit. My mind went blank. I couldn't hear anything besides the music, which reverberated through my body, coupled with waves of pleasure. I found myself getting lost in the moment and losing track of time. I felt Luke move forward and he slapped his cock against my face. I started absentmindedly rubbing it and opened my mouth for him. I could taste his precum on my lips as he pushed himself against me. He filled up my mouth completely as he pushed his head in.
I could feel another orgasm building, warmth radiated from my pussy, where Tara was now chasing it down. She had two fingers in me and her tongue on my clit, and it was all reaching a crescendo. Oh my fucking god was it reaching a crescendo. My back arched and my body convulsed as I climaxed. Pleasure flooded through me. I barely noticed Luke's cock leave my mouth, my eyes were shut as my orgasm shattered me. As I came down, I noticed that Tara's fingers had pulled out of me. It made me feel a little empty. But that feeling soon disappeared as I felt something slap against my stomach like someone had thrown a steak on me. I instantly knew it was Luke's cock. I opened my eyes to see him standing where Tara had been, flopping his dick on my stomach. He was measuring himself against me. His cock reached up past my belly button. I could feel the weight of it on me. My sister was standing next to him, literally licking her lips while watching. Quite a few others were watching too. I was about to take note of who, but Luke had slid his cock back. My sister had reached out to hold it, and then helped guide him towards my slit. I was soaking wet.
She rubbed his head against me. God it felt so thick, way thicker than anything I had in me before. He had grabbed my ankles and held my legs up in a V. I couldn't think about anything besides how crazy this all was. I couldn't believe what I was doing. I couldn't... my thought was interrupted by the pressure of him pushing inside me. He wasn't just ramming it home, but he was forceful. I let out a gasp that was inaudible over the music. Tara reached out to grab and hold my hand as Luke pushed further and further into me. I gripped onto her hand. He started thrusting further, now that his first few inches were in. I could feel him filling me up. God it was so big. Eventually I could feel his balls starting to slap against my ass, indicating that he was all the way inside. Thank god. I couldn't think of anything else; my body was just awash with sensations. I could feel that I was being touched in other places, but I barely paid any mind. Another orgasm was building, I could feel the aura beginning. I opened my mouth to gasp, only to find another cock pushing in. It was smaller, but filled up my mouth nonetheless. I couldn't focus on sucking it, so I just held it in my mouth as the orgasm overtook me. My body shook as wave after wave of pleasure rippled across me. I could feel Luke pulsing, clearly reaching his own climax too. He didn't stop thrusting, but his rhythm changed. I couldn't hear him groan, but as he pulled out of me I could feel him still cumming over my stomach and pussy. He pushed back in afterwards, continuing to fuck me, albeit at a slower pace. My own orgasm subsided, as the new cock in my mouth erupted.
I could feel the warmth of the cum spraying over my face and into my mouth. I just lapped at it as best as I could. It coated my tongue and mouth, dribbling down the sides of my mouth. I lay there for a few moments after he pulled away. I swallowed what was in my mouth and let myself catch a breath. The music was pulsing through me, but I needed to be still. I needed to recuperate a bit. The night wasn't over yet.