When my ex, Mitzi and I were dating...before we got married, we had broken up for a little while. When we broke up, I, being a good Southern Gentleman, took all of the nude Polaroid pics I had of her and gave them back to her. She refused them and said that she wanted me to keep them because she knew that sooner or later I would jerk off looking at her sucking my cock and playing with her pussy and I would want her back.
I asked her if she wasn't afraid that I might show them to all my friends. (I wasn't using the internet back in the mid '80's).
To my surprise she said "I hope you show them to everybody you work with! If you don't want to fuck me anymore, I'm sure some of them WILL after seeing these."
And with that she handed them back to me. About 50 of them.
So I began carrying the stack of Polaroid's in my pocket everywhere I went, "Just in case". Any time I got the opening in a conversation I would show Mitzi's nude pics to my friends.
I can't remember the number of times one of my fellow officers would say "I can't believe you're not still fucking her! Damn! If you don't want her I'll sure as hell fuck her"!
I would always tell them "Go for it, she'll fuck anybody. And her blow jobs should be patented!"
Ever once in a while she would call me and ask me if I had shown her pictures to (insert the other officer's name here). The first time she asked, the conversation went something like this:
I replied rather sheepishly "Well yeah, as a matter of fact I did. You said it was OK?" Obviously there was no point in lying. I was caught.
She replied "OH HELL YEAH! It was more than OK. He has a nice fat cock! And long too! Did you know he had such a big cock? Is that why you showed my nasty pictures to him? You wanted your slutty little Sweetie to have a big cock for a change?" She laughed an evil laugh and ended with "His cock was LOT's of fun! Send me another one like THAT!"
I laughed and said "You did NOT fuck him."
Mitzi replied, "I most certainly did. If you didn't believe me, you should ask him to see the pictures! Remember, I have a Polaroid too, Silly Boy."
So the next day at work I asked him point blank "Hey, did you fuck Mitzi last night?"
He didn't want to answer at first and I asked "OK, let me see the pictures."
He asked "What makes you think I have any pictures?"
I laughingly replied "Because I KNOW Mitzi, Dip Shit! I showed you mine, now you show me yours."
He showed me a picture of Mitzi naked on his couch and another one of her sucking his beautiful giant cock. She was right...he did have a very nice, fat cock. I was SO jealous of his cock! And she was looking right into the camera as if she was looking me in the eyes. Well that same scenario happened again and again. Every time I knew a friend of mine had fucked Mitzi, I wanted her that much more. Somehow she had figured out that the more well used she was, pussy, mouth AND ass, the more I would love and desire her.
I decided to print some of her pictures by scanning them into my computer. I printed hundreds of them at business card size. Every picture had her email address printed on it. Whenever I was out of town I would leave them in conspicuous places. Often I would leave them in men's rooms or at truck stops.
Come to find out, she thought that was "cute." Somehow she knew that by showing her off, I was showing the world how proud I was of her. What I thought would teach her a lesson only served to turn her on that much more and with renewed vigor.
Mitzi later confessed that she had intentionally worked on developing a reputation as a total slut ever since she had first discovered sex. She wanted everybody to know that she was "easy". She was so happy that I had turned all of those police officers on to how easy she was. Word of Mitzi's ease and talents spread quickly throughout the department, almost as quickly as her legs did!
We had over 400 sworn officers and a couple hundred more civilian personnel and soon there wasn't an officer on the force, male or female, who didn't know that Mitzi Owens was an easy slut. A "Police Groupie", a "Badge Bunny' and she had never been happier or more proud. She later said that "COPs are the kinkiest people on earth!" She loved it when we were out together and we saw another police officer. She would say, "Look Sweetie. You see that officer? I fucked him too!" I finally told her, "Mitzi, it would be easier for you if you just point out the ones you HAVEN'T fucked!" We both got a good laugh out of that.
Anyway...I knew her email password so I got to see a lot of the responses that she got from the "Business Cards". She was always encouraging to the writers and soliciting comments and she even met some of them and fucked them or sucked them, judging by the content of the emails. The hard part was not breaking in on the emails by leaving my own comments. But I managed to keep that little secret right up until this very minute.
I eventually began to leave the pictures at our home town mall, the Hanes Mall. That was particularly exciting because she went to that mall a LOT and often loved to flash her titties or wear a short skirt with no panties. She was also working part time at a women's fashion store there, so I knew there was a chance that any guy who found her picture might also see her in person at the mall and recognize her.
Once I was standing at the urinal next to the stall where I had just left a stack of her pictures...A young man went into the booth and I heard him laugh and say "DAMN! I don't know who left these here, but DAMN, she's hot!"
He came out of the stall still zipping up and showed me the picture and said "Check this out dude! There's more of 'em in there. I'm gonna check out this email for sure!"
I told him that I had seen her at the mall before wearing that same outfit and that I think she works here somewhere in one of the ladies clothing stores.
Anyway, Mitzi has always found a way to let me know when she had fucked a new guy...especially one of my co-workers. I have no idea how many of my co-workers she fucked, but I do know it was way up in the double digits. And for some reason, every time I heard about her and one of my friends, I wanted her that much more!
We eventually started dating again and she constantly told me stories about how good (or bad) my friends were in bed...or wherever. She also made it very clear that no matter what our relationship might grow into, she would never be able to stop fucking around. She claimed that it was genetic...her Mom was a total slut as is her sister etc... And besides, a tiny cock like mine was never going to keep any woman at home for very long. Well, all that just made her that much more attractive to me. The bigger her pussy got, the smaller my dick looked and the more it turned me on. Go figure, but all I know is that the sluttier Mitzi got, the more I loved her.
She said that once she found one of her "business cards" in the dressing room in the store where she worked. She found it after one of her customers had just left there. I asked if she knew the customer and she said that she had waited on her a few times and she was "a really cute thick little girl". She had been there with her mother. I asked Mitzi if she minded girls finding her photos and she said that knowing this girl; who she had helped to get undressed and dressed several times, and usually in a very intimate way; having seen her naked was a much bigger turn on now than she would have expected. She couldn't wait till this girl came back to the store. She would not be the first or the last girl Mitzi would seduce.
Pretty soon we got married. I was 30, and Mitzi was...well younger. We had an amazing sex life for the next 10 years. Although we have been divorced for several years now, I still think about her all the time. I miss those good old days and that big wet pussy of hers! I still wonder how many strangers saw those pictures of my young girlfriend naked....and how many of them actually fucked her...and how many times I ate somebody else's cum out of her pussy before she ever admitted it to me.
When I asked her about it, her only reply was "Probably many more than you would ever imagine."