I reached back home. Jay was gone already. I undressed and sat on my cushioned sofa to recall every bit of what happened today.
A message popped up. I unlocked my phone.
"I am sorry. I won't be like that again." It was Jay.
"It's okay. I am sorry too." I said though I wasn't.
"Reddica, tonight? I promise I will make up for the morning." He said.
"Umm.... Okay." I replied.
But all what filled my mind was that stranger fucking me. But, oh fuck he didn't asked for my number or something how will he know where I am. Fear of all this ending already hit me hard. I was totally blank about what to do.
Just then my doorbell rang. 'Shit! Who the hell is this? Is it Jay again? Oh no, get dressed.' I didn't want Jay to open the door with his keys thinking I am angry and now showing up. But wait, how do Jay know I am home? Maybe some colleague told him.
I picked up the closest cloth I found. That top I dropped in the laundry bag was the easiest find and I answered the door.
It was the stranger from earlier.
"How do you know which flat I live in?" I asked both surprised and happily.
"Well, if you remember we get parking slots in reference to our flats only. So I enquired." He replied.
A thrill of thankfulness rushed over me.
"By the way, do you always open the door looking this sexy?" He observed me from head to toe.
"Holy shit! I didn't realise there could be anyone else other than Jay at this hour."
"Duh, lucky guy." He replied.
He came closer and held me from my waist. Pushed the door closed and whispered, "Honesty I came here to give you my number but now I want to do many other things with you."
I smiled. His hand reached down and his face had a grin realising I am still jot wearing panties.
"Good girl." He whispered. "Now strip and invite me to your home."
I took off my top and threw my bra over it. "Please come in."
"Not like this. A good slut should know how to welcome her master. Knelt down, kiss my toes and beg me to come in." He ordered.
I walked in front of him and did as he said. "Please come in sir, I beg you to come in and fuck me."
"You are such in hurry to be fucked. Aren't you?" He asked.
"Yes, I am." I replied.
"Well, stand up now." I did as he said.
While walking inside he said, "I will fuck you but not now I want you to prove me that you are worthy to be my submissive."
"How can I prove that? I want to." I enquired.
He came close and said,"Do as I say without asking any question.
"Yes, sir." I replied.
"Bring some ice."
I went to the kitchen and picked some ice in a cute bowl. "Here."
"Kneel here." He pointed near to his feet as he was sitting on the sofa.
I did. He took out ice and started rubbing down my boobs. It was chilled and sensational. After a round he placed it still on my nipple.
"This is your first lesson. Stay still and don't utter a word."
By no time my nipples were red and swollen. I wanted to push his hand off but I couldn't. He will leave if I do. And pleasure in his eyes was making me do that. It wasn't only piercing my boobs but started making me wet too. Oh God I wanted him to fuck me.
Minutes later ice almost disappeared. He moved his hands all over my boobs. They were sore but still I felt his touch a little. I saw his Cock stiffened.
"Stand up. " He ordered
As I did his hand observed my pussy and he smiled knowing I was wet.
"Good." His words sounded like approval.
"Show me your dresser." He demanded.
I did as he said without asking anything because I know something evil is up there in his mind.
He flipped through some dresses and asked "Do you have skirts?"
"Yes. I showed him my formal collection."
He laughed. "Not these, the sexy ones. Mini skirts I mean."
"Hmm...maybe." I started searching for one white skirt I had but never wore because that was too short to wear anywhere with Jay.
"Here it is." I presented him with that skirt.
"Yes. This." He took that in his hand observing.
"Show me sexy toppers too."
"You have everything casual here." I pointed.
After a minute or two he disappointedly said, "No not these. For not having a top I wanted you are not allowed to wear it. Wear a bra and this skirt. Forget your panties."
"Okay." I found a sexy nude bra more like a little tank top making my boobs look sexier than ever and paired it with white skirt he approved.
"Fine it is. Now go to the grocery store and send me atleast 3 pics of you showing your pussy. Remember your face should be in every pic. Also, after you send me those pics you will call me and ask if they are appropriate before getting out of the store."
His words sent chills to my body. I have to go to the grocery store looking like this and also click pics. My eyes widened.
"You want to be fucked. Right?" He asked.
"Yes, I do. But I fear if someone sees me."
"Then, you might give that person a blow job or Lick her vagina, whatever the case may be." He laughed.
"You can't be serious." I looked at him with my jaw open.
"No. It's not a task I was just giving you an idea if you get caught badly. But you have to tell me if something like that happens." He said.
"Okay."
I got out and ran towards the lift as fast as I could because I never showed up like that in the building and what would anyone say if they caught me. Well, this made me think of his idea of giving a blow job. Honestly, that was a turn on.
I reached my car. And a message popped up from "Master!"
'Wow, he saved his name as master in my phone'
I opened the message "Enjoy the task as much as you can."
"Thank you!" I replied.
I drove towards the store and parked in the rented parking lot to avoid presenting my body on the road to more people than those in the store.
Thankfully it was a weekday which meant lesser people to expect. I walked in the store and immediately found the first guy who saw me drooling over me. 'Oh, how sexy it feels to be a slut. Why I haven't done it ever before.' I kept moving and acting like I was searching for things as I planned to have a look at the store nicely to find three places I can shoot my pussy pics at.
There were few people in there and mostly were the ladies in their mid 40s availing benefits of weekday offers. A few had their kids and others were alone mostly. There wasn't a person I saw letting me go unnoticed.
Eventually I found a place where no one was around and I rushed to have my first pic. I thought of a sexy pose. Opened selfie camera in one hand and pulled up my skirt from its hem in another, made a teasing face and clicked the perfect shot and sent it.
'Lucky, I was. No one saw me.'
I hurried to find the next place and that was near the veggies corner. There was a board pointing towards the veggies with fresh and tasty food written on it. I stood between the board and veggies. It seemed like it was pointing towards me when I clicked the second picture while pulling my skirt up.
While I was searching for the third place. His reply came. It was for the second picture. "Don't give one pose at every place. Rather at this place remove your skirt and open wide for me. Don't fear if someone sees you know the hack."
That first line made me fill with terror but the last one was more teasing. Maybe I wanted someone to see me and get into a problem.
I went to that place and checked here and there. When no one was around I threw my skirt off. Placed my phone on the front rack with a timer and opened my legs as wide as I could. And yes, the perfect shot. I sent it and replaced my too revealing skirt back on my waist.
"Perfect." Next message read.
Finding a third empty and creative spot was getting hard. I rushed through everywhere but couldn't find one. For another creative Idea I opened up google and searched there.
Best thing I found was a girl using eggplant demonstrating it as a dick going inside her. I wanted to do that immediately. I reached near the veggies again, picked up an eggplant and rushed towards the upper ground as from my last tour I realised that was the empty place in the whole store. I settled my camera and pulled my skirt up for a side pose and kept the eggplant pointed towards my vagina. But it wasn't what I expected.
"You are doing it wrong." I heard a voice and turned towards it. A girl was there staring at me. She was wearing a store t-shirt so must be an employee.
"Oh, sorry. I am really sorry. Please don't tell anyone I am going to buy this." I said I was all frightened.
"I know what you are doing since you entered the store. As you know we have cameras everywhere." She grinned.
'Oh shit! How can I forget that?'
"I am really sorry. I will just leave, please don't tell anyone. I will do anything you ask. Money, Licking your vagina, anything you say." I replied dived into fear.
"Well, that's a great deal." She said, I don't know which deal she took but I was a little relieved.
"But first let's help you. You want that shot, right?" She asked.
"Umm, yes." I replied filled with shame.
"Okay, I will click for you. Make that pose."
She took my phone and started.
"Wait, that skirt isn't looking good so remove it." She said,
I did that hesitatingly.
"Don't worry, I just saw you without a skirt a minute ago." She laughed.
"Oh yeah."
I made that pose again and she clicked a few.
"Well, why don't you try one naked?" She asked.
"Are you serious? What if someone sees?"
"Just do it." She convincingly said.
I unhooked my bra and let it slide. Made same pose again. She clicked a few and was satisfied.
"Here." She handed me over my phone.
"Thank you." I said picking up my clothes.
"Thanks won't work, there was a deal." She reminded me.
"Yes, here" I offered her my card.
"Not this one." I will opt for the later one. "Of course not, I work here. Meet me in the parking. "You got a car?"
"Yes." I replied
"Okay then." She left.
I got dressed and left for the parking lot. As soon as I got into my car I saw her exiting the store. I don't know why I picked up when I could just leave.
She entered, "Drive straight. My home is a few minutes down. We can resume your payback there."
I nodded.
After a couple of minutes She said, "turn right and park there."
As I parked we got out of my car and she opened her front door. "Come in."
"Thanks!" I got in.
"By the way, I am Jessica. And if you are wondering I am lesbian." She offered a handshake.
"Oh, it's Claire." I replied, taking her hand.
"So, Claire, it's time for you to be punished for turning me on and making me mark half day leave on a weekday." She said sexily.
"Yes, Jessica. You should be punishing me." I said and bent to the nearest table I saw.
"Great", she pushed off my skirt and exposed my bare ass. Her hand reached my bra and unhooked it. "You look sexy."
"Please punish me, Jessica." I begged her, remembering the feeling of my master spanking me.
She gave me the first spank. It sent vibrations into my whole body.
"Punish me more." I pleaded. And she continued. After a dozen spanks she stopped.
"Now, Lick my pussy you whore." She commanded.
I immediately stood up. She sat on the table I was bent on seconds ago. Peeled off her panties and gestured to me to sit on the chair in front of her. I sat there and immediately spread her legs. She lied down while I kissed her inner thighs and vagina. I rolled my tongue inside her. She moaned. I continued going in and out and making her moan more. I started sucking her and taking my tongue deeper as I could. While doing that my hand went down to my pussy rubbing over it slowly. I continued sucking her until she had an orgasm. She pushed me away and had an amazing orgasm. Maybe it was long till she had her last one.
"Thanks you were too Good." She smiled. "Do you want me to do it for you?"
"Another time." I said. Looking at my phone ringing for the third time.
She noticed my gaze, " Oh sorry, I kept you for long. Want to have a quick coffee?"
"No water will work." I replied.
"Just a minute," She said, moving towards her open kitchen.
"Was it your first time?" She asked. "I mean with a girl." She added.
"Yes." I blushed.
"Still you were great. Want to be in touch?" She asked, offering me water.
I had a sip and nodded "Sure. I liked it." And then drank some more.
She smiled. I settled water on the table and got up. "Okay then. Here's my number. I jotted it down while you were pouring me water." I handed her a pad which I took from the side table.
"See ya." She gave me a peck.
I smiled and left. Entering my car I called my master to ask him if pics were appropriate.
"Hello, where are you? You are not at the grocery store. Not even home. Do you have any idea how worried I was?"He screamed.
"Calm down. I was at a girl's place I met in the store. She helped me with the third pic." I replied.
"Oh! So couldn't you just call me up or send me a text at least. Get you sexy ass right here I will tell you how to behave." He said.
"Well, my ass is on the way then but it's already been spanked a dozen times." I laughed.
"Get it here anyway." He mocked.
"On my way." I responded and started the engine. I drove as fast as I could thinking how a day can be this great.