An alarm went off particularly close to my head, and it took me a minute to get oriented. Part of my confusion came from the fact that the sound wasn't my usual alarm - it was my wife's. The other thing I noticed was that it was exceptionally warm on this pull-out couch. I opened my eyes to find my face buried in a mess of brown hair, which was odd because I'd been sleeping alone since my surgery - even stranger was that the hair was curly. My right arm was wrapped around her torso and my hand had found her boob in my sleep. I squeezed it appreciatively and idly noticed it seemed bigger than I remembered.
My eyes shot open when I felt a body shift behind me, and with my senses now heightened with anxiety, I recognized my wife's distinctive footsteps walking away from the bed and toward the bathroom. It was another few seconds before I conquered my fear enough to move, and only then did I realize my hand was still gripping Amelié's chest through her shirt. I let go abruptly.
The TV was still on, but nothing was playing. We must have all fallen asleep on the couch together after dinner. Nothing sexual had happened, but I felt a little guilty about groping Amelié. I probably owed her and my wife both an apology, but then again, I don't think they noticed anymore than I had in their sleep.
Julia returned from the bathroom quickly and noticed my morning wood. "Wow, hon," she observed with a whisper. "Seems harder than usual. Unfortunately, I've gotta get going to work. Save that for me for later, okay?" She brought me a cup of coffee and my work laptop. "Are you gonna be alright today? If you need anything, I'm sure Amelié would be happy to help."
At this point, I thought it was fair to wonder what exactly Amelié would be happy to help with.
I assured Julia that I'd be fine and that I'd take it easy today. She smiled approvingly, got dressed, packed a lunch, and left for the day with a quick kiss on the lips goodbye.
I turned to appraise the short, brunette French girl, still sleeping next to me on the pull-out couch. What was going on with my wife's friend? What was I supposed to do with her all day? I could tell she was not as gullible as Julia, and I was sure she had caught on to my ploy. I shrugged and resigned myself to another day of confusion.
***
I had been working for a couple hours when Amelié stirred. I didn't have much to do today, so it was easy to close my laptop and greet Amelié.
"Good morning," I said casually.
She raised her arms above her head and thrust her chest forward as she stretched, her nipples straining against the thin fabric. "-njour," she mumbled, the first half lost in a yawn.
"How'd you sleep? Not a bad sofa bed, huh?" I asked.
"Hmm, I slept pretty well. Not as well as you though, judging by how you were cuddled up to me this morning." Amelié smirked at me.
"Agh, um, sorry about that," I apologized sheepishly.
Amelié waved me off. "My fault for falling asleep down here. If I didn't want my boobs groped and my ass poked, I shouldn't have slept with another woman's husband."
I choked a bit, and Amelié laughed at me.
"I suppose said woman has left for the day?" Amelié inquired. I nodded affirmatively. "I'm gonna make an omelet," she declared. "You want one?"
"Actually, could we talk for a minute first?" It wasn't really a question.
Amelié paused halfway up from the couch, turned to look at me with her big brown eyes, and acquiesced. She settled back down, now turned 90 degrees to rest her back against the armrest, and afforded me quite the view of her long slender legs.
"Ok, let's talk," she scrutinized me. "Your supposed doctor's orders to be waited on hand and foot and get sucked off daily: that's all bullshit, right?"
I was taken aback by how she got right to the point. "It was more like a prank. I wanted to see how long I could get away with it. You know how gullible Julia is..."
"She's always been that way," Amelié agreed.
"My turn. Why'd you extend your trip? Not that I don't want you here, but you were originally only planning to stay for the long weekend, right?"
Amelié seemed to consider the question for a moment. "I wanted to see how this played out," she finally answered. "I wanted to see how long you could get away with it."
"Is that all you wanted?" I pressed.
"Well, I'll admit I wanted to see how much Julia would do. I've been pushing her to get more sexually adventurous for years. She's too hot to be so vanilla."
"Is that all you wanted?" I pressed again.
"What do you mean?" she furrowed her brow.
"Well," I floundered awkwardly. "What about all the teasing? The yoga, the towel, the peeking, the innuendos?"
"I don't know what you're talking about," Amelié asserted.
"Oh, please, I've caught-"
"I don't know what you're talking about," she reaffirmed. "I'm just here to visit my closest friend." She got up and started walking to the kitchen. "How many eggs do you want?"
I was worried I'd pressed her too far. She could ruin this whole game if I upset her. I tried to concentrate on my relatively light workload, while also occasionally stealing glances at the cute little brunette in my kitchen. She flitted around, nimbly plucking the tools and ingredients she needed from various cabinets (demonstrating a suspiciously higher level of recall and comfort in our kitchen than she did last night), until she had made one of the best omelets I had ever had.
After we ate, she even took it upon herself to clean the kitchen. As she sloshed dishwater around and leaned over the countertops, her long T-shirt fell victim to some splashing and some puddles. She never looked over at me, but from the side, I saw her stymied in mild frustration. I did a double take as Amelié took the side of her shirt and tied it in a knot, so it sat high on her hip. Her eraser bud nipples poked proudly through the thin material, and the alteration she had made revealed her waist and every wonderful inch below. Tiny red panties disappeared between her butt cheeks, and I couldn't help but admire her entire ass - not as perfect as Julia's, but I certainly wouldn't complain. Now covering less than half of her body, Amelié returned to her self-appointed duties as if nothing were amiss.
I began to realize that it was actually a game for Amelié, and she found it more fun not to acknowledge it. I resolved to stop worrying about ogling her and to stop worrying about her catching me with an erection. It was all part of her game.
***
The afternoon passed quickly without further incident. Amelié lay next to me on the sofa bed, reading a book from a genre she called "Fairy Smut." As she flipped from front to back to side, I subtly appreciated everything she was showing me and tried to imagine what she wasn't. At some point, just before Julia got home, Amelié declared she was getting cold, so she put on some running shorts, but she left the shirt tied on the side. When she was ready to resume reading, she set herself on the ottoman that had been pushed against the wall to make room for the sofa bed to unfold.
When Julia did get home, she greeted us both warmly. "How are you feeling, hon? Did you and Amelié get along okay?"
"Good and great," I answered succinctly.
"Good, great," Julia responded absentmindedly. "You won't believe what happened today! The guys at work told me there was a conference in Arizona, and that the company was gonna put us all up in an ocean view hotel. I had already bought a new pair of sunglasses online when I realized Arizona doesn't even have a beach! Those guys are so funny! Turns out, there's no conference at all."
"Aw cherie," Amelié stated. "Why do you always fall for that sort of thing?"
"I don't know!" Julia shrieked with laughter. "I guess I just always wanna assume the best of people." Julia looked down and saw that the hard-on I'd harbored all day was still holding strong. "On the other hand! Honey, have you been accosting our guest with that thing all day? Shame on you for being so exposed!" Julia's words were chastising, but I could tell from her tone that she was just teasing me.
Nonetheless, Amelié chimed in, "Well, if you need to take care of that, don't mind me! I'll just be here reading my book."
Julia gave me that look I recognized as her silently asking if I felt like doing something crazy with her - that look was usually reserved for froyo or stopping at Trader Joe's, but the tone of her face fit this context all the same. She kept making eye contact with me as she addressed her friend: "Well, if you really wouldn't mind... Just don't look! We'll try to be quick about it!" I think Amelié was being a good influence on Julia over the last week.
Julia crossed her arms to remove her business casual blouse, tossing it aside haphazardly. Her 32B tits sat proudly on her chest, supported by a robin's egg blue bra. She then set my pillow on the floor and sank to her knees next to the sofa with her back to Amelié behind her. While I still wanted to pretend I needed daily care, I felt it was reasonable to scoot to the edge of the sofa bed and sit upright on my own, with my legs spread to either side of Julia. She ran her hands up my thighs, but true to her word to Amelié, Julia got right to the point and grabbed my erection through my pants. She only really hefted it briefly before gripping my pants from both sides and pulling them down to my ankles.
While Julia was distracted trying to get my pants off my feet, I stole a glance at Amelié. As I expected, she was not true to her word to Julia and was looking over the top of the book at the scene unfolding in front of her.
Julia quickly tucked one of my balls into her mouth and suckled on it gently. As she released it, she dragged her tongue up my shaft until her lips reached my cock head, which she swallowed readily. I groaned at the familiar sensations of my wife sucking while swirling her tongue around my cock head. When I wasn't in "recovery," this was one of my favorite positions for a blowjob - I loved the way Julia's beautiful blue eyes looked up at me while she blew me. Additionally, given that her arms were not needed to support her weight, her hands were free to work my shaft instead.
When Julia turned her eyes back down to focus on her work, I took the opportunity to check on Amelié. My dick lurched deeper into Julia's mouth when I saw what was happening on our ottoman. Amelié had set her book aside completely, abandoning any pretense of not watching her friend give me a blowjob. Her hard nipples poked through her thin T-shirt, pointed right at me, in a clear sign of her arousal. In an even clearer sign, Amelié's hand had disappeared inside her pants, all the way up to her wrist. I couldn't see exactly what she was doing, but I could make some pretty arousing guesses based on the way her arm was moving.
From that point on, I lost track of the blowjob Julia was giving me. I knew it felt good, and I knew Julia was pulling out all the stops. Beyond that, I couldn't track the details because I was too focused on Amelié and me watching each other climb closer and closer to cumming. Amelié was silent, but her face was so expressive, I could see every rise and dip of her excitement, as if her eyebrows were an EKG. She seemed to have an even better reading on my proximity to orgasm, and was racing herself to meet me there. In the end, Amelié tipped herself over the edge first, contorting her face in a silent scream. I gripped the sofa and held my breath as I prepared for my own impending explosion.
Just as I reached my peak, Amelié shouted, "OH MY GOD!!"
Julia jumped as if she had forgotten her friend was in the room until that moment. Her eyes wide in fear, Julia turned quickly to look over her shoulder at Amelié. "What!?" she asked frantically.
I was already past the point of no return, and came anyway despite the sudden cessation of contact. My cock spurted a hard shot of cum at Julia's cheek when she turned, a second shot into her open mouth during the "ah" sound of "what," a third and fourth shot in her hair and her ear, and a fifth shot back on her cheek.
With cum dripping from the side of her face, Julia asked, "What's wrong?"
Amelié smirked and held up her book. "Oh, just a plot twist."