James walked out of the room as I held his naked post orgasmic wife in my arms. Her sensational naked body pressed against mine. The warmth of her full breast as they rose and fell with each breath she took. Her soft smooth skin felt warm to my touch as she snuggled in to my body. Her breathing was sensual, almost purring, like a pleased cat. Suzi tilted her head toward mine and kissed my lips softly, gently nibbling the membrianic flesh erotically.
My deflated cock twitched back into life as I felt the sense of arousal from her delicate kisses and her alluring soft flesh.
"So you liked the dress?" She smiled saucily.
"I most certainly did, but I preferred what was inside the dress!" I declared.
"When I walked in wearing the dress it made me feel so hot with the way you and James were looking at me!" Suzi smiled a contented smile.
"You've always very sexy, but tonight you took it to a higher level!" I smiled, stroking her firm breasts.
Suzi smiled a wicked smile and slid her left hand down my stomach to my cock. He was showing signs of life and began to grow in her small feminine hand. Suzi's eyebrows raised approvingly as she held my growing cock.
"Would you like to fuck me while I wear my thigh length boots?" she smiled "I can get James to take some photos of you fucking me as a keepsake!"
The blood surged to my erect cock, providing me with the strongest erection I'd possibly ever had. Suzi smiled and began to stroke my hard shaft, gently tapping her talon like nails on the erect flesh.
"You can still do anything you want to me!" she smiled playing her subservient slut role impeccably.
"I want to fuck every hole you have!" I snarled in a friendly fashion.
"I was hoping you'd say that!" Suzi smiled.
"I want to fuck you on more than this occasion!" I stated, outlining my hopeful intentions for future fucks "I want to fuck you while James is here and sometimes when he isn't!"
"I think James and I would like that!" she giggled assuringly, giving my cock a subtle squeeze to seal the deal.
Suzi gave me a friendly peck and smiled.
"I'll just pop upstairs and put my boots on and maybe a little something else to please you!" she giggled heading for the door.
Turning back she smiled at me and shook her perfect buttocks.
"Would you want to fuck me down here or do you want to fuck me in my marital bed?"
I looked at her sensational body, knowing that she was about to adorn it with sexual accessories and said.
"Get dressed up quickly, then tell James he can watch me fuck his wife up the ass, in his marital bed!" I smiled as Suzi's face flushed with sexual excitement.
"I know both James and I will like that!" Suzi smiled then rushed out of the room.
I began to pick my clothes off the floor and fold them neatly over one of the chairs, just as James walked in with a huge smile emblazoned across his face.
"I told you she was a great fuck. She loved having your cock inside her!" He enthused.
It felt strange to be naked in front of the guy whose wife you've just fucked and she is preparing herself to get fucked by you again.
"She's a sensational fuck James. Her pussy is incredibly tight and I'm about to find out how tight her asshole is!" I said, enjoying my little humiliating twist.
James looked stunned and flushed as a smile cracked across his face.
"She fucking loves cock in her ass. Play with her clit while you fuck her ass and she will squirt like crazy!" James informed me.
"Does your slut wife do ass to mouth?" I enquired looking at the shock spread across James face.
"She will do whatever you want. She is a dirty slut who will let you do anything!" He emphasised.
I heard the click of high heels at the top of the stairs as Suzi yelled down.
"Boys, your slut needs more cock!" and giggled naughtily.
"I'm just going up to fuck your hot slut wife!" I declared "Want to watch?"
"Too fucking right I do!" James confirmed, following me up the stairs.
As I reached the top of the stairs, my eyes almost popped out on stalks. Suzi was standing in the bedroom door frame wearing a soft black leather Waspie and a pair of black soft leather thigh length boots. Her huge firm breasts thrusting from her rib cage with her delightful shaved pussy, glistening majestically with a light coating of baby oil. My erection was poking forward as I moved closer to her. My cock was level with her oiled shaved slit, as it slid between her tight wet slit. Suzi's arms were behind her back, her waist cinched with the kinky Waspie. I looked into her lust filled, feeling the sexual heat of her pussy throbbing on my shaft, when she placed her gloved arms around my neck. Her arms were shrouded in soft tight black leather opera gloves, completing her leather clad vampish look. Suzi pulled my head closer to her and began to kiss me passionately, moaning into my mouth as my cock pressed on her pussy opening. The soft sensations of her leather gloves tantalised my shaved head. James stood at the side of us, watching his slut wife kiss another man passionately as his cock slid along her shaved smooth slit. He began to rub his cock through his trousers, watching his wife give herself to another man. James continued rubbing his cock whilst I slid my length along the very wet slit of Suzi's pussy. I slid my tongue between her lips as Suzi continued to moan lustfully. The fact that James was watching us, was a tremendous turn on for me. I never thought of myself as an exhibitionist, but given the fact that I was getting the unbelievable opportunity to fuck his exhibitionist slut wife Suzi, with her out of this world body, and with the full permission of her husband, as he watched his wife perform unfaithful sexual acts with me, was definitely adding to the swelling of my cock.
"Take me into my bedroom and fuck me!" Suzi groaned softly.
"I'm going to fuck you in your slut wife ass!" I said boldly, feeling Suzi squirm with delight and seeing James face flush with voyeuristic pleasure.
I moved Suzi into the bedroom, placing her on their marital bed as she leant back and opened her legs wide.
"Show me your hot cunt!" I ordered, as Suzi placed both gloved hands on her labia and held her pussy open, showing me her pink wet tunnel.
"Look at her hungry cunt James!" I sneered "It's had so much cock and want even more!"
Suzi moaned as my words took her arousal to another level. James unzipped his cock and began stroking it slowly, looking at his wife as she exposed her shaved pussy to another man.
I pushed my index finger inside her tight pussy, swirling my finger around inside her velvet pussy.
Suzi began to thrust gently against my finger as I pushed my fingertip directly onto the spongy flesh of her Gspot. Her eyes widened and her breathing quickened, as I began to fingerblast her squelching cunt. The moans grew louder as her arousal intensified. Suzi was still holding her labia open as my finger performed it's sexual magic.
"Oh fuck this is good!" Suzi panted "Make me come!"
I moved my finger as fast as was possible, looking at Suzi's stretched pussy as a gush of female ejaculate burst from her shaved pussy.
The longest sexual moan I'd ever heard, emanated from Suzi as she endured a sensational orgasm. My hand was drenched in her female ejaculate, shiny and glossy in the subdued lighting.
Her hips were jerking as she milked every drop of pleasure from her excited gspot.
James looked stunned, seeing his wife endure so much sexual satisfaction. His voyeuristic pleasure was in conflict with his feeling of inadequacy, never ever having pleasured his wife so thoroughly. He was approaching orgasm at warp speed, when I said to him.
"Remember! Don't come on her, She's my slut now!"
James groaned and placed his left hand over the head of his cock, as he emptied his entire load into the palm of his left hand.
Suzi looked at James and smiled.
"This is the best sex I've ever had!" She panted still coming down from her orgasm.
Hearing those words, was I admit a huge turn on and definitely made my hard cock even harder.
I could sense both James and Suzi taking a subservient role as I turned Suzi over. Suzi arched her back, pushing her wonderful ass high as her magnificent firm breasts rested on the mattress.
Stroking my cock I nudged it at her pink tight asshole. Suzi took a sharp intake of breath, knowing what was to come. I spat directly on to her asshole, making her and James moan as I used my saliva as lubricant. Suzi pushed back as my cock slid past her sphincter and inside her asshole.
Suzi let out a deep throaty moan as my cock eased inside her very tight asshole. Suzi began to twerk her ass slowly, allowing me the visual pleasure and the physical sensation of fucking her ass. I saw a flash go off in the bedroom as James began photographing his wife being assfucked.
"James he's going to give me an anal orgasm!" Suzi panted "Come in my ass!"
Fucking my friends wife up the ass, while she wore fantastic kinky lingerie, as he took photographs, ensured that this would not be a long fuck.
"Spank me!" Suzi yelled.
My hand fell sharply on her right buttock as the sound of a stinging slap, resonated around the bedroom.
"You love cock you dirty cheating slut!" I growled, fucking her ass deeply.
"Yes! I'm a cheating slut who loves cock!" Suzi moaned taking every inch of my cock up her ass.
"I'm going to fuck this slut ass and pussy anytime I want!" I snarled, looking over at James.
"Yes!" They both said in unison.
"I want photographs of my spunk running out of her ass!" I growled as I started to unload in Suzi's perfect ass.
"Oh fuck I can feel that!" Suzi moaned as my spunked splashed inside her anal walls.
I held her Waspie waist and continued to empty the contents of my balls in her magnificent ass. Suzi was in mid anal orgasm, enjoying the additional sensation of my hot spunk squirting inside her. My orgasm had passed, but I left my cock inside her asshole, feeling the twitching and throbbing of the final throes of her orgasm.
I eased my cock from her ass, just as James moved the camera closer and began to photograph my spunk dribbling out of her gaping asshole.
I looked over at James as he smiled at me.
"Time for you to leave now James!" I said "It's time for me and Suzi to have a slower getting to know you fuck!"