Party planner Margo sits on the job. Heath's date with his High School Spanish teacher gets out of hand, especially when the cops get called.
*****
11:00 AM, Saturday Lunch rush at Hilltop Restaurant, Wildwood Pennsylvania. Hectic!
"Oh my God! I'm pulling my extensions out."
Kwikki N'Dolla found herself overwhelmed by so many tables to take care of. Her training, still ongoing through her sister Nikki had been proceeding well until today. With the rush of dining patrons filling the place to capacity she had troubles keeping her orders straight. Backing herself into a corner near the restaurants walk-in freezer she had to catch her breath, almost hyperventilating if the truth be known. Seeing her in her plight Cabot Ross took his salads out to one of his tables swiftly and returned, taking time to console her situation.
"You okay Kwik?" He faced her placing a hand on her bare chocolate shoulder. Finding her trembling he took a look around the kitchen for prying eyes then surrounded her upper body with his arms, hugging her from behind. "Just relax. I have your back. If you need help just ask."
"I've never had to memorize so much even before I quit school."
"You quit college?"
"Why do you think Nikki came to pick me up?"
"I guess we never got too in depth over it. What were you going to school for?"
"Law enforcement. I wanted to be a Police Officer like my Uncle Samuel. We live with him these days. He's not exactly happy with me for dropping out."
"What changed your mind?"
"Breaking the law." She giggled nervously. "I...have a couple indecent exposure counts. They tend to frown on that kind of thing after you start school. Between that and the Instructor trying to blackmail me into sex with him."
"Did he win?"
"I'm here aren't I? I had to bail he was getting too rough. I couldn't go over his head or...let's just say I would never work again. Luckily Nikki got me this job without any background checks."
"That's wild. Our secret Kwik. I won't tell a soul."
"You won't have to I'm sure I'll get busted again." She laughs then leans back into him to whisper, "Can't keep my clothes on. Blame my ancestors."
"Huh?"
"Come on the women in Africa used to walk around in just a skirt or loin cloth, tits loud and proud. Surely you've seen the History channel videos. Roots?"
"Not really. I'll take your word on it. You calm enough to go back out there? I heard two of your tables called out."
"Yeah, thanks for taking time to calm my nerves. Oh, hey you never did tell us if you liked the video we made. I sent it from my phone because I knew you would wonder who it was. Nikki gave me your number."
"Ohhh that! Yeah I turned it over to the cops. Expect them to show up anytime."
"Don't even joke about that."
"Couldn't resist."
"Making me hate you, or our video?" She narrowed her eyes.
"At least you wrote my name correctly on the double dick. Most people add a second B or T in Cabot. Yeah it was hot."
"Did you see the tiny H behind the T?"
"Tiny H?"
"As in Caboth." She winked and caressed his chin. "As in we both want you."
"Awww! Awesome touch." He grinned smugly, "The H and your hand on my chin."
"Spill it. You show anybody?"
"Actually I haven't. I won't lie I usually do, but I decided to keep this one to myself." Total lie he showed the guys but wanted to keep the ladies from feeling used. Even with more heart than his buddies Cabot Ross was prone to evil traits on occasion.
"Your friends racist? Afraid they'll think bad of you?"
"Yes and no. They keep open minds but still get stupid and spout outbursts on occasion. Trust me if I showed them that video they would wanna watch you do it in person."
"They cute as you?" She winks.
"Naaaaa! They're all butt ugly. I'm not sharing."
"You know you want us." She looks behind him at any eyes under the busy circumstances of an array of food orders getting cold. Feeling safe she licks his nose and steps to his side giggling. "Now imagine that tongue on your cock."
"Already have." He laughs rubbing her saliva off of his nose. Watching her walk away he was thankful that he wore a small carry all apron over his crotch. "Fuck she has a tight ass."
********
Stepping back in time...10:30 AM...Margo's banking institution of Wildwood Federal.
Joined by Eric Crowe, Margo Needy made her way inside the bank after being called in by her Banker friend Jacob Overmeyer. Eric still hesitant over letting his sister Lily see them together, Margo determined that it was time to meet another member of the Crowe's, next in line on the perch. When her meeting with Jacob was concluded that is, priorities straight her motto. Today Margo actually dressed for success rather than slutty. That alone made Eric less stressed not having to explain to his sister what Margo was doing wearing some nightie or other risque outfit. Business dress blue with the skirt to her knees thank god.
"You go deal with the bank guy I'm gonna go chat with my sister."
"Don't forget to introduce us afterwards. Stop worrying so much what people think."
"Mainly my religious Mom you know that."
"She can lay her hands on me too if she wishes."
"Might be around your throat strangling you for seducing her baby boy." He laughed. "Don't let her drown you in any baptismal."
"I'm sure your Mother is not that cruel."
"Naaa! Just bat shit crazy."
"Time will tell. Oh, there's Tyler." Margo waved at Jacob Overmeyer's young nephew Tyler behind the front counter assisting an elderly woman with a deposit. Tyler seeing her waved back cordially, thinking, "There's my whore." The old woman would have insisted on washing his mouth out with hand sanitizer had she heard him.
Lily Crowe stepping from behind a wall divider catches her brother off guard as she recognizes him. Curious as to why he was here she realized Margo was at Jacob's doorway being ushered inside. With his goal to say hello to his sister Eric just waited until Jacob shut his office door before making his way to the counters.
"Hey Sis." Eric patted the countertop with both hands.
"What's going on?" Lily peaked a brow noting Tyler looking at her with a hint of, "I wish she was naked." in his eyes. Business concluded with Edna Fromme he grew interested in anything about Margo Needy should it be spoken of. Joining them he didn't care if he was intruding or not.
"Margo had to come in and sign some loan applications. She's borrowing money, well attempting to in order to open up a bed & breakfast outside Wildwood. She doesn't drive so I brought her."
"Kym told me you two were dating now." Lily smirked, "About time."
"No we're not, she's just my employee."
"Uh huh! I've seen her tattoo Eric...you should give my girl a chance."
"You give her a chance, you're a Crowe too."
"I'm not into girls." Her eyes drifted with a blush toward Tyler. He merely nodded and spoke up himself.
"What's Margo going to do if the loan doesn't happen? I overheard Uncle Jacob say it was iffy."
"Not sure." Eric shrugged, "I told her to just rent out a few more rooms. There's space out there that's not really being used."
"I'm in." Tyler chuckled.
"If it comes to that I'll be sure to tell her you're ready to move out of your parents house." Eric shook his head. "I think Margo has connections out there that might help her financially. Whether it's enough help I don't know."
"Mrs. Needy is beautiful." Lily sighed, "I read up on her modelling days. She must know some very influential people she's been photographed all over the world."
"Who knows! I've only heard her mention one modelling friend that she wants to bring in to help run the B&B if it gets off the ground. Her friend was married to some CEO in a major corporation but they're divorced now I think. Hot chick though."
"Uncle Jacob knows people too. He cares about Mrs. Needy so I'm sure he will pull every string he has."
"If Margo doesn't pull every string on him first." Eric chuckled then bit his tongue due to Lily.
"Will you chill Big Brother. I know Mrs. Needy's rep. I'm not telling Mom. Besides Dad beat you to telling me to shush. I'm not going to ruin your little fantasy."
"What fantasy?"
"The one where the four bears seduce Goldilocks." She sticks her tongue out at him.
"She's not blond, only three bears in the story I remember."
"Dude!" Tyler laughs then whispers, "Threesome."
"I'm not naïve Eric. I just think Kym is better for you."
"Margo's like my second Mom. I like helping her."
"She can be my Mommy." Tyler grins then watches Lily wince at him, his expression faded fast. Not only that but a certain someone just walked in the front door. Tyler pointed him out to them slyly, "Incoming!"
Looking behind him as Lily brightens up they witness Eric's friend Ben walk in aiming for a swagger that just looked overkill for his stature. Nods led the boy closer until they all stood together.
"Hey Lily, Eric, guy whose name I can't remember." Ben smirked.
"Tyler."
"Right! Bank Teller Ty, what's up E.C.?" He fist bumped Eric without Eric raising his fist. As a matter of fact Eric's hands were in his pants pocket. It looked queer to say the least. "Time for lunch with me Lily of my fields?"
"In a minute. I have to wait for Jessica to come back from her break." A thumbs up from Ben led Tyler to step away and do his own thing.
"So...what's this rumor of a party out at Needy's Saturday night?" Ben coughed up in a blunt admission of what he had been hearing through the grapevine.
"Yep!" Eric immediately regrets his confirmation looking at Lily with guilt. "Word travels fast. I haven't even sent out invites."
"I don't own Ben, he can go to your silly party. Even though we did have a date for Saturday." She looked at Ben drolly hoping he might commit to her.
"You can go with me." Ben smiled as Eric removed his hands from his pockets now expressing fists. "Oh, now you wanna fist bump your Amigo." A goofy attempt led Eric to slug Ben on the bicep. "OWWWW! What the fuck Crowe?"
"He only hit you because he doesn't want me there to see him embarrass himself. You can go Ben, I can make other plans." Her eyes coyly glance toward Tyler. Of course Tyler, wasn't looking when he should have been. His loss.
"You're the coolest Lily." Ben nodded, "PARTY DUDE!"
"You're a dumbass." Eric rolled his eyes. Ben just wanted to see more of Margo. Speaking of the brunette bombshell...
Inside Jacob's office Margo actually behaved herself and carefully listened to Jacob as he finalized her first round of loan applications, mainly just a random procedure to take a look at her credit history. It used to be really good, even better when married. Now? With Darryl's death benefits running low in their account she was struggling.
"As soon as I get those appraisal numbers on your property I can start the second round of financial consideration. I just needed your Jane Hancock to get the ball rolling. How are things at home? Elliot doing okay in Paris?"
"He seems to be doing alright. He met a girl named Giselle. I just sent him some pictures to make money off of so he can date her."
"Old modelling pics with autographs, showing off his Mom?" Jacob sat back in his swivel recliner.
"No just nudes."
"You...send nudes to Elliot?"
"Not normally. I've learned recently that my son has been hiding pictures of me through his friends. He doesn't know I know so I'm just letting it slide. If I'm worshipped over there at my age I'm game." She giggled.
"You certainly still have your youthful looks Margo." He sighs not challenging her wisdom. "I'll just run and make a copy of these forms for you and let you get on with your day."
"Copies...can I go with you?" She sat forward with a brainstorm idea.
"Let me guess...you want to sit on the copy machine and scan your behind."
"I promise to let Tyler clean the glass I sit on."
"With his tongue?" Jacob laughed.
"Or yours if you want to share in the glory."
"Windex works just as well. Follow me." He stands and moves around his desk to have her dog his heels as if joining a conga line. He had to shake his head as she tried her best not to step on his shoe heel. She was an unusual woman to say the least. Noting their stepping from Jacob's office Eric, Ben, and Lily chuckle at her charming playfulness in tugging Jacob's coat tails.
"Hi Benji!" Margo waved at the boy trying to keep up with Jacob holding his coat with one hand now.
"Hey Mrs. Needy. Party on!" He laughed.
"Where are you two going?" Eric winced.
"Making copies of her application." Jacob pointed out, holding her documents.
"And, of my tight ass." Margo razzed the group, Tyler now joining them.
"There's your invitations Bro." Ben pointed out to Eric. Lily blushed, but just let her boyfriend be his goofy self. Tyler leaning on the counter next to Lily didn't like Ben much knowing him from High School, in his distaste he took a risk and placed his hand on Lily's ass in her snug black leggings. She bulged her eyes and snapped a glare at Tyler then just let him, turning her reaction back to amusement. She found Ben looking right at her and reached out for him. Ben stepping closer held her hands and grew lost in her eyes.
Tyler talking to Eric still hogged the counter space window hip to hip with Lily, his hand lowering to press fingers up into her butt crack curvature. She tensed slightly but kept her straight face while flirting with Ben. Eric finally stepped away to see Margo and Jacob in the next room over from a distance. Sure enough Margo had her skirt up to her waist and was sitting on the copier.
"100 copies." Eric raised his voice. Margo looking his way smiled and gave him the peace sign. She was making 200 copies. Crazy bitch!
While Jacob was busy Lily took a chance and eased off her feet to stretch her upper body over the counter to kiss Ben. In doing so they had their eyes closed. Tyler being totally evil removed his hand from her exterior leggings and slid it under the fabric to palm her butt cheek. She moaned into Ben's mouth making her boyfriend think it was due to him. Fingers slipping under her G-string Tyler found her butt pucker and teased it. After their bathroom temptations last week Tyler was curious to see if he could go further with Lily. So far so good. Pressing lower Tyler's fingers found pussy, a very wet pussy. Fingering her just enough to know he had penetration he removed his hand entirely and pinched her bottom.
Breaking their kiss Lily smiled at Ben, "I trust you to go to that party. I'm sure I can find someone to do." The word someone was accidental but it went right over Ben's head. She meant something. With Eric returning to their conversation the gang just loitered until Margo came walking out holding 200 paper fliers of her butt and juicy clam. She had even made sure a few shots had her cunt wide open. All in vivid color. Pink was bright, good thing it was a color copier.
"I dig you Lily." Ben panted until he spotted Tyler flipping him off with a wet finger. Clueless Ben just flipped him off in return. Lily had to hold her composure, she wanted to bust up but didn't want to piss Ben off. Tyler was just plain evil. She was just glad that her brother hadn't seen Tyler get away with what he had done.
"I'm going to lunch Tyler." Lily pointed at their co-worker Jessica stepping through the front entrance. She quickly went to grab her purse and returned while Eric, Ben, and Tyler were looking at Margo's copied private parts. Margo signed one just for Ben which read, "Hope you can come. Mom!" Seeing Lily, Margo smiled warmly at her, "You must be Lily."
"Hey!" Lily took time to shake Margo's hand. "Keeping my brother in line?"
"Taking a number." Margo winked, "I'm only teasing."
"No you're not." Lily laughed, "I know your rep. Not knocking you. If I had your killer body I'd be taking numbers too." She immediately looked at Tyler, then at Ben. Three was a good number. "Love your boldness by the way. I'll...never look at that copying machine the same again."
"You should try it sometime."
"Scanning my ass? I'll pass." She giggled.
"I dare you." Ben chuckled.
"What? Not with Jacob looking."
"I'll distract Jacob. You go..." Margo winked, she didn't have to though as Jacob went to the restroom out of harms way. Freed up Margo took Lily's purse and handed it to Eric for safe keeping. Not wanting to seem too invested Tyler immediately went back to work, so as not to appear obvious that he intended to spy on Lily as Margo marched her back into the other room. Once she was back there Eric just pinched the bridge of his nose, a migraine forming.
"This I gotta see." Ben took his picture of Margo and hugged the wall facing the copy room and witnessed his girlfriend laughing as she dropped her leggings and G-string. With an assist up by Margo the scanner was triggered. Ben couldn't see Lily that well due to Margo hiding her body from onlookers. Tyler however saw Lily from the side and gripped his crotch mumbling, "Fuck yeah!"
Once the deed was accomplished without notice from Jessica or the other tellers at the windows Lily hopped down and pulled her pants up. With Margo showing her the copy Lily cracked up, beet red but loving it. What nobody else had noticed was that Margo had made two copies. One was left in the bin. Offering Lily the pen Margo had used she whispered, "Sign it and leave it in the bin."
"What?" A wink at Lily she took the pen and snapped a glance at Tyler. She had a hunch he was looking. Signing it Lily wrote, "You were here." with an arrow pointing right at her pussy's slightly spread labia. Shivering she placed it back in the tray and took the other copy with her to hand to Ben. Eric in turn shook his head with resistance.
"Oh hell no. He's going to show that shit to every guy in Wildwood." Snatching it from Ben Eric accidently took a look at his sister's snatch, "MOTHERFUCK! I did not need to see that. Tear that thing up."
Lily busted up then admired herself one last time before taking it to a shredder. "There! All gone. But for the record Big Brother?"
"What?" He dreaded her answer.
"Ben has nudes of me in his cell. See ya!" Lily drug Ben off to lunch.
Sighing heavily Eric turned his attention to his adoptive slut, "Why did you do that Margo?"
"Just showing her right from wrong." A wink at Tyler, Margo pointed at the copier. Taking Eric's arm Margo led him out to her Corvette. Time to go get her nails done.
Tyler located the copy of Lily's bare bottom and her message. Grinning from ear to ear he folded it up and put it in his pants pocket. Throughout lunch he would scoot the paper closer to his dick and picture it inside Lily. After lunch? There was a whole lot of flirting.
********
Paris, France...library time between classes.
"Whoa! Mom came through for me." Elliot Needy checked his e-mail and found dozens of nude photos of his adopted Mother Margo. Dancing in his chair like he was Ray Charles on piano. "I'm in the money, I'm in the money!" He knew his friend Farouk would smother him in cash for the literal mother load. "Brings back memories Mom." He chuckled scrolling through photo after photo. The further he got into them he realized something, "THOSE FUCKERS!" His friends had taken these pics for and of her. Domination photos were sexy but ofttimes appearing rough.
"You have found success my friend?" A voice behind him broke his trance.
"Oh! Hey Fuk. What's shaking? I got your pics. Choose a few good ones and you can pay me." Farouk moved a chair next to Elliot and sat elbow to elbow. After a lengthy examination of all of the photos Farouk removed his wallet and dug into it selecting over a $1000 dollars in hundred dollar bills. It was obvious that he switched currencies in order to purchase them proving his sincerity.
"I will buy them all. Your slave is most attractive. She will look good in my harem."
"Wait, what? Harem?"
"I am only joking my friend. Here is my e-mail. You may send them too me. I especially like the one of your slave in her cage."
"Yeah? That's her home away from home. I keep her there a few hours each day."
"Most impressive. You are a wonder friend Elliot. I would most like to meet this slave."
"Uhhhh! Sorry dude! She's an ocean away."
"Where I live there is an ocean in every direction. It is called sand."
"Sahara right?" Elliot counts his cash with his eyes bulging.
"Yes. What I am saying is...an ocean away means nothing to one such as I. You will consider bringing her to me for much money?"
"Ummm? How much we talking?"
"Half a million?"
"NO WAY!!" Elliot dropped his jaw then winced.
"You are right, she looks quite worth one million."
"Quit messing with me Fuk."
"I am quite serious friend Elliot. I would have your slave entertain my bed. One million should suffice."
"Let me...think about it." Elliot knew it was impossible but he wanted to appear in control. If Farouk was so naïve as to blow a million bucks on his mom Elliot found the idea tantalizing. While Farouk perused the pictures Elliot noticed a certain someone enter the library, a very beautiful someone. Taking over his laptop Elliot quickly sent the pictures to Farouk's mail and slammed his laptop shut. "Gotta go Fuk. Catch you later."
"Of course my friend." Farouk watched Elliot stalk a very cute petite blond with corn rolls in her hair. Seeing his target Farouk sighs, "You live quite dangerously my friend." He knew the girl's Mother, their teacher Brigitte. "Perhaps I will learn how to be like you." Admiration was Farouk's weakness. "I will make your slave mine." Can you hear the diabolical laughter even with the boy's stern expression? Pictures were not going to satisfy him.
Racing downstairs from his upper perch Elliot slithered from bookcase to bookcase until he found Giselle. She was obviously searching for a new hiding spot for one of her online shows. Being deaf she used her other senses which were more in tune and easily discovered Elliot spying on her. Without making eye contact she moved out of his sight then seemingly vanished as he searched row after row and not finding her. Ready to give up he grumbled, "This is Paris...gotta be hidden doors behind bookcases. Shit!"
While shaking his head he found a pair of arms slipping beneath his, reaching up to dig her nails into his t-shirt. Looking down in shock he laughed, "Sneaky bitch." Her hands lowered and moved up under his shirt and hiked it up to his pecs. Not wanting to ruin this moment he just played along. Then he felt nipples teasing his back. "Holy crap!" That made him twist in step to face her. There she stood topless in only her white leggings. Her blouse dangling on a bookcase shelf. She molded her chest into his, nipples now trailing his scrawny abs. Her eyes were beautiful, glistening like diamonds. Speechlessness only halted Elliot for three minutes before he kissed her. Up above them Farouk leaned on a railing, truly impressed with his friend.
"Dangerously indeed. I most admire you my friend."
Once the kiss broke Elliot looked around them and plucked up her shirt putting it over her shoulders like a gentleman. She let him hug her from behind and merely enjoyed one another's tenderness. Facing him she signed in a blur of hand motions, expressing her pleasure as, "I cannot stop thinking about you."
"Yeah I know I'm crazy." He mistook her translation, not knowing sign language. Palming his mouth she blushes and speaks, having never heard her own voice it was raspy yet beautiful just the same. Reciting her sign he now understood. "Same here! Read my lips. I CAN'T STOP THINKING ABOUT YOU EITHER."
She smiled and hugged him tightly, once again looking into his eyes. "Stop yelling. I MUST DO MY SHOW BEFORE MOTHER ARRIVES." First a sign then speaking louder than predicted, not truly knowing her own strength, she let him in on her desires.
"Here? I have a better idea."
"I am listening." She signs then giggles, "Not really I cannot hear."
"You should come to my dorm room and put on a show."
"There would be...boys there?"
"Maybe. Can you sneak out tomorrow late? Tonight is bad for me." He points at his wristwatch toward 7:00 PM. "Everyone will be in the dining hall. We can put a show on together."
Smiling at his idea now pictured in her thoughts, she nods, "I know where your room is."
"You do?"
"Yes." She nods, "I am good like that." Of course her words were in French. For some reason he understood long before her translation. English was back and forth for Giselle, although quite intelligent her handicap often made the varying translations more difficult.
"I'm good like that too." Words copied. For the rest of her time in the library they made out. A falling book from the sky made Elliot react peering up at the second level. Farouk was pointing at Brigitte on her way in. Leading Giselle to a safe desk he kissed her on the cheek, assisted in putting her shirt on, then started to walk away. With a moment to pause he reached into his pants pocket and drew out one of the hundred dollar bills he obtained from Farouk and wrote down his cell number on it. Acting as if a driver he mouthed, "Taxi fare." Giselle giggled and hid the money in her shirt pocket neatly folded. Elliot snuck away just as Brigitte found her daughter looking at a book on the desk. Clean getaway, a thumbs up at Farouk, Elliot headed to his classes. Tomorrow was going to be badass.
********
Evening in Erlich, Pennsylvania...two towns over from Wildwood off of highway 12 in a place known as Hotel TRAINsylvania ...hotter than ever. Sad that the train tracks being so close to the hotel that it didn't require the owners to add vibrating beds. Saved them money.
Heath Talbot arrived in darkness, dimly lit pole lights along the highway barely helping illuminate the surrounding area. A slow moving freight train behind the hotel up on a steep incline made for a droll expectation. It was almost peaceful in a foreboding kind of way. Idling at the entrance to the parking lot with no traffic to honk at him for being in their way Heath explored the few vehicles already in the lot. A number of Harley's presented the possibility of bikers staying there. The ratio of bikes and cars was about equal. Spotting his old Teacher's convertible with the top up he knew at least Frannie had kept her promise to be there and have their room ready on good faith.
"Good girl Frannie Fanny. Time to make that bitch mine." Pulling in slowly he parked facing out far enough away to avoid conflict should the bikers get rowdy over the course of the night. With a run down tavern across the street it was pretty logical where the bikers were at the moment. It was early yet so the party was only getting started. Shutting off the engine of his Nissan Xterra Heath sat there for a moment arms folded on top of his steering wheel. "I've been wanting her so fucking long I feel...like this is some dream. Practicing my Master skills with Margo has boosted my confidence but even though I don't show it...I'm still a novice. I think Margo is just letting me be bossy. The other day when that appraiser guy came out was pretty intense, she did obey my every command...that was cool...but Frannie? This is just gonna be a game I think. Her being married she's not going to be able to meet me as often as I want. I should feel lucky she's hooking up with me at all. Thing is...unless she was bullshitting me I think she wants me as her Master. Maybe ole' Riley Filmore just isn't satisfying her these days."
Thoughts wandering long enough he notices a curtain open up and Frannie Filmore looking out in search of him, at least he presumed so. As he took in her beauty from a distance Heath decided to let her know he was there by flashing his headlights on and off. Once it captured her attention she opened her curtains all the way and stood there totally nude, posing for him like a model. "Oh fuck! Let's do this."
Abandoning his SUV he locked up and headed across the lot and had a brilliant idea. Stopping halfway he points at the gravel lot beneath his boots, ego rising with his adrenalin. Spotting his instruction Frannie smiles brightly and walks to the hotel room door opening it. Being on the ground level she stepped out cautiously and decided it safe enough to take a walk. Wearing heels at least kept her feet from the jagged gravel stones beneath her feet. Still, high heels and rocks did not mesh well, it was a tedious walk all the way out to meet him.
"You made it." She grinned.
"So did you...without breaking your ankle."
"The night is young Senor Talbot. I keep an extra pair of heels in my trunk."
"None of that Spanish crap...talk English so I don't have to second guess what you're saying."
"As you wish."
"As you wish...WHO?"
"Master." She shivered with dancing eyes, noticed even in the moonlight. "I was worried when I got here and all those bikers pulled in. If they cause any disturbances and the police get called..."
"Riley might come with cherries spinning?"
"Exactly! It's not like he won't recognize my car."
"Wanna call it off?"
"No. I will risk it for my new Master."
"Good. I wasn't going to let you bail. Get over here and suck my cock." He unzipped his pants and whipped it out for her to shine. She was impressed by his size and girth.
"My Master has a very nice..."
"God?"
"I adore your deity, Sir." She stepped closer and knelt down, remaining on her feet to avoid her knees getting scratched on the gravel. Fondling Heath she stroked him a bit just to form a more sensual opinion of it. Seconds later her lips wrapped around his beast and she took him deep into her throat. Back and forth with a steady repetition she grew lost in her emotions. Hearing her whimpered, "Mmmmm!" and gagging verse of, "Awk awk awk!" was a thing of beauty, even the crickets silenced to overhear her loyalty. The music from the tavern only added to the perfection of this relevant moment with an Eagle's rendition of Peaceful Easy Feeling. The train was still making it's way North at a snail's pace, mesmerizing in every way.
"Nothing like a BJ in the middle of nowhere." He sighed feeling the warm steady friction of her succulent lips tightly grazing across his foreskin. Standing noble if not slightly worried about his seedy surroundings he sucked up his courage to whip off his polo shirt and stand nude himself from his knees upward, his pants loitering just above his muscular calves. Being a wrestler back in high school and keeping a strong regiment of workouts in Margo's fitness room he was looking all Adonis. Palming the back of her skull he went full on tough guy and face fucked her into a nasal frenzy. Poor Mrs. Filmore was a snotty, teary mess before he unloaded a fierce portrait against the back of her throat. "THAT'S MY BITCH!"
Allowing her freedom, Frannie pulled away in a taffy looking stretch of cum and saliva to catch her breath. Peering up at Heath she shared unblinking eyes of crystal facets beneath the moonlight. "You like that exchange Fannie?" A vivid nod led to her plea of hands seeking to touch him. Evading her he pulls his jeans up and just snaps the clasp leaving his belt undone and zipper down. Shirt over his shoulder Heath grips her long mane of hair and drags her to her feet. Twisting her in step he faced her toward their opened hotel room door. Letting her hair go he slapped her tight muscular bottom with a resounding crack, definitely a red mark.
"MARCH! Shake that ass like you want the world to spank it." Off she wiggled with a very delicious swagger of womanhood, cheeks dancing like a necessary attraction of, "Take it!" Frannie followed her own lessons well. If only Heath could see her eyes rolling at his commands being processed far differently than he hoped for. Frannie was just playing along. Not that she wasn't having a blast, but keeping his ego stoked was tiresome.
At the threshold of their room he stopped her with, "HALT!" Who says halt these days? Definitely not this punk ass Knight in shiny armor. Still she paused to allow him to move around her once again turn her in step to face her outward toward the lot. "Hands on the door jam sides, arch your back." She followed orders while he tossed his shirt into a chair and removed his boots, then pants. Nurturing his cock a tad to keep himself sturdy he moved in for the kill and penetrated her sweet juicy cunt with relative ease, she was wet at her own drama within, not so much over Heath himself. Play on fool.
Fucking her from behind her big beautiful breasts were competing swingers circling in opposite directions of one another as Heath pounded her from behind. It wasn't as if Heath didn't get the job done, he was nailing all the right erogenous zones to bring out her inner slut. Squealing a tad more than normal just to improv and make him feel like God she put up a delectable show. Between her hands gripping the sides of the door and his palm on her neck behind her hair squeezing tightly she peered out into the night.
Eyes on the tavern she witnessed four bikers come outside to smoke. Swallowing her pride with a glimmer of wishful thinking. Deep down she hoped those bikers might see her and come over for a better look. Little did she know they just weren't...into her. She didn't know a lot of things at this point. Watching a pair of the biker boys kiss ruined her dream. Frannie always craved more than she experienced, being a swinger allowed her that aspect when her husband felt the need to put her out there. It certainly helped their marriage.
Cumming on Heath's cock was easy enough, he was pretty talented in a semi aggressive way. His problem seemed to be slipping in and out of his dominant side. She knew he needed more practice that was essentially her reason for letting him believe that he could possibly own her. The more encouragement she offered the more his persona would evolve. Sex was decent either way. The longer he nailed her in the doorway the louder she got, her wails attracting attention as it disrupted the quietness. The renting residents of the Hotel were getting nosey, a few even annoyed by their noise level.
Across the street the bikers noticed her finally and pointed her out. They seemed attentive so maybe they weren't all gay. One biker slipped back into the bar while the other three took the walk toward them. Luckily she blocked Heath's vantage point in seeing them. Not wanting to let on they were coming their way in hopes things could get more interesting she just praised Heath with verses of, "Fuck me Master." Let ego blind the guy she thought.
Within thirty feet of Frannie the bikers began their verbal thoughts on seeing her. Heath hearing them slowed a bit until Frannie begged him not to stop. Telling himself that he could do this Heath pounded her even harder, it was all she could do to hang on to her perch. Sensing the biker boys lust she concluded bi-sexuality which was just fine with Frannie. Even she was fond of other women on occasion. A little roughness would suit her just fine, too rough she could practice her Taekwondo skills. Win, win situation.
"What do we have here?" A bearded medium build biker stroked his chest level beard to a point. "Look at those titties rotating like the wheels on ole' Nantucket."
"That's what he calls his Harley." Another biker, the one who had kissed him earlier added. "You two look as if you're having fun. Mind if we watch?"
"Go for it." Heath sneered and nudged her further out the door, her nails giving way and letting Heath take her for a walk just outside their room. "Hands in your hair Bitch." Frannie followed his command and ran her well manicured nails through her curls. Eying the men with a wink she puckered her lips between moans letting them know her interest in them. "Slap her titties for me Fellas." Heath was the man...at the moment.
The third biker seeming more into girls took the initiative to honor the boys offer. Face to face with her he grinned then reached up first to squeeze her massive tits before turning darker and swatting them. She yelped then hissed with each impact, her nipples starving for attention. Suddenly, Frannie realized something, she recognized her assailant but kept quiet over it. Noted the biker winked back with a similar recall and just took it upon himself to lower enough to suckle a tit. She gasped and let him feed. Heath behind her just smirked and kept his cock active in and out of her sloshy cunt. "Like that Teach?" Heath blurted out.
"Yes Master."
Hearing the word Master the biker lifted away to stand tall, merely pinching her nipples now to her delight. Wincing he looked back at his buddies, "Master here wants to share his bitch Boys." He then looks over Frannie and grins at Heath, "I hear that right Master Man?"
"I'm open to that." Heath chuckled. Any chance he had to express being in charge was music to his ears.
"He's open to us." The kissing bandit laughed leaning on his lovers shoulder. His bearded beau gave him a cheesy grin and offers a "Works for me." Behind the smirking bikers the fourth biker they had abandoned at the tavern returned with three more of their members all drunk and pushing one another around playfully. Alcohol had their focus until they spotted sexy Frannie Filmore. Once the horse play ended the men took serious interest in her. Heath who? Master? Uh huh! Let him act out...as if they would listen. For now...follow the leader...later? The former student would learn a valuable lesson.
"Yo Brothers?" The fourth biker rallied, "What's the 4-1-1?"
"Master there is offering us some fun with he and his ho." That went right over Heath's head. Still making Frannie moan he merely looked at the bikers with a smug attitude. "What's the plan Master?" The squeezer chimed in. Heath paused them just long enough to nut inside Frannie with a bestial snarl. Observing Heath's exhausted release the gay bikers looked at one another and mumbled, "He's such an animal." Pulling out of Frannie he whipped her around to face him and forced her to kneel and suck him dry. Whispers from the gay community seemed envious. "Oh I'm sooo jealous."
Those that were more interested in Frannie's tight ass stepped in and rubbed her behind. Her feasting on Heath combined with being caressed by two other men made her eyes roll back. Unspoken words mixed with moans her thoughts led to, "Gangbang me." Her true colors were coming through. Eying Heath standing proud of her obedience the squeezer unzipped his fly and whipped out a sturdy seven inch and wagged it. "Mind if I cut in?"
"Ass in the air Bitch." Heath patted her cheek. She rose enough to comply and still suck off Heath. She chose to keep him invested in his performance. Behind her the biker eased up and didn't care one bit that Heath had nutted in her, he just penetrated her and rammed it home. In his sudden thrust Frannie clenched her teeth over Heath's cock making him wince and mumble, "Oww! Fuck!" She immediately sucked him harder to compensate her mistake.
Feeling vengeful Heath grabbed her head at each side and face fucked her again. Between their seesaw effect she was a trembling mess. Never enough she pleaded with her hands reaching out in all directions, hopeful of enticing more. Sure enough another of the bikers boasted a released six inch cock and took her hand forcing her fingers to encircle it. taking the hint she begin jerking him off.
Heath tried not to stare at the others but even under a meaty self control glances were hard to deny. Mostly, the other way around though. Guys were eying Heath, he just took it as admiration of authority. That and they were likely wanting a blowjob from Frannie as good as he was getting. Sure! Keep believing that Talbot.
"How did you land this hottie Kid?"
"Not a kid."
"You can't be no more than 18." The squeezer taking her from behind pointed out.
"19 going on 20 in four months. Call me a kid again I'll take away your fun." Heath attempted a cool bravado.
"I think your so-called slave here might have other ideas." Frannie refused to react to his observation. Yes she would rather have many men over just Heath, but at the same time she was here for him. A firm slap to her ass by the biker could change her mind however. "Look at her thoughts on abandoning you Kid. Easy to see."
"Fuck you." Heath pulled out of Frannie's mouth then took her free hand and tried to pull her away. At first she resisted until Heath found some balls and gripped her chin enforcing a shared eye contact, "ROOM...NOW!" Relenting she tried to peel off of her biker entry but he snatched up her hair dragging her into a tug of war, Frannie gasped and mumbled, "Yesssss!"
"I don't think so Kid. Why don't you go jerk off and let the real men deal with this hot ass cunt."
With a scene brewing the bikers grew defensive of their friend pointing at Heath to back off or else. Fear was there but Heath still stood his ground fists bared. "Back off!"
"Let's not and say we did." Aggression was the bikers best friend maintaining her long hair in a vice like grip. Frannie loving every second of his strength over her, yet showing Heath unblinking lashes of concern for him. This was not going to end well for somebody. Surrounded by the bikers Heath was forced to let go of Frannie's wrist. In that very second his date was tossed amongst the bikers, holding her in restraint like a helpless puppet. Heath stumbled slightly to avoid taunting advances by the other cyclists. He knew if she really wanted to her defense mechanism would kick in and she could get away. Taekwondo in her favor. Heath being an experienced wrestler and in shape felt he too had a good chance of...being overwhelmed. From behind a biker surrounded Heath holding his arms to his side. Once caught off guard two others imprisoned him. Always considering himself the tough guy Heath soon realized that wrestling three men was not nearly as easy as one.
As things escalated to Frannie screaming as if losing her own battle, yet expressing deep concern over her would be Master, the group of bikers overpowered them both. Leaning toward stealing them away toward the ground level room of some of the bikers Frannie was first to be hauled in and manhandled into the first of two queen size beds. Tied to the bed railings face up Frannie smiled only when Heath couldn't see her, otherwise she expressed horror just to keep him from knowing her true reaction. Frannie wanted this, not only what Heath was offering. She could easily play the boy, his long-term desire for her would keep him in line once this was all over.
With Frannie bound spread eagle and being kissed on she observed the rough combative actions the other bikers took toward Heath. Hauling him in horizontally his going limp pecker wagging about under the stress Heath found his boundary being at the center of the second queen bed himself swarmed by five men now to keep him in line as he himself was being bound tight, only face down instead. He snarled yet whimpered like a baby all at once, it was almost comical. Straight faces were hard to come by. Finally a bandana is taken off and stuffed into his mouth to quiet Heath down.
"That's it Baby boy. You relax now you're in good hands." The gay kisser attempted to stroke his scalp, "Mine at least." A tickle to Heath's scrotum from behind made him fight back to no avail. It was almost as if this was planned, who had bindings ready unless...well they could all be into bondage. Heath's thoughts were in survival mode, never expecting anything like this to occur. To his left he heard Frannie squeal and beg, "No please don't." then razz them playfully directly after. The bikers chuckled and stripped nude around her and crawled into bed. Seconds later Frannie was being fucked missionary in her eagle's lair, another man taking her mouth and face fucking her from the side.
Heath tilting his gaze to witness their taking of her pulled at his binding but failed in any escape. What was worse seeing guys joining their crew in nudity around Heath. Weight on the mattress felt Heath fought even harder, as if knowing that the gay side of these biker boys were zeroing in on his ass. Feeling hands on him caressing from two sides he nearly choked on the saliva drenched bandana. They could hear him say, "I'll kill you bastards." of course it sounded more like "I'll fill you asstards." To them they couldn't agree more.
"Calm down you cute buffy." The feminine gay lay next to him instead of on top. At an awkward glance Heath watched the man's lover lube up and take his partner's anus. Gruff moans of pleasure next to him made Heath hurl over his stuffed mouth, the bandana strangling him under the situation. The more Heath was touched the worse he wanted to vomit. Maybe that was the key, act as if he were strangling until they removed his gag then bite someone. Not that it was his escape plan, it might end up getting his teeth knocked out. Giving in on his drawing first blood idea he turned toward Frannie to see her getting into her conquerors. His hunch was that she had just given up and let them take her. Was it sad that Heath liked seeing her overwhelmed? It did calm him slightly. Until he felt his butt pucker being lubed up. "OH HELL NO!!" His struggle returned livelier than ever.
Not a single homosexual trait in his body Heath wanted to cry but refused to look like a pussy. Just as a man's cock touched his shiny ass hole a siren blared.
"Someone called the cops." A biker standing nude stroking his beast raced to the door ready to close it when a mic barked out an objection.
"NO ONE MOVE OR THIS GET'S UGLIER THAN IT NEEDS TO BE."
"Three cherries Poke." The biker informed their leader who happened to be Frannie's main lover fucking her sloshy cunt without a worry in the world. He wasn't even fazed by the cops showing up. Hearing the voice over the PA Frannie reacted with flaring eyes, her mascara ruining her beauty in a mask of feminine Jolson. She knew very well whom barked that order. Their door surrounded by three cop cars shining bright lights inside blinded the room. Still the show was to go on.
With Poke still basking in Frannie's delectable pussy, rubbing her clit briskly she was ready to orgasm. The other bikers a bit more hesitant grew edgy and stood away from the beds. Heath burying his face in the pillow under his head sighed at the interference of the cops. At least his own ass hole was saved, his perpetrator stepping away cursing, "Almost had me a virgin." Heath was going to get in a few punches once he was free. Lifting to peer as availability of sight led his peripheral toward the window at least, Heath knew cops were getting out of their squad cars.
"Fuck!" Heath groaned, "It's Frannie's husband." Sure enough it was Riley Filmore, all six foot two, 220 pounds of reasonable muscle tone. Joining him was an equally large black male officer, and...who was the lady cop? Heath in a strange moment to even do so grew hard as a rock suddenly. The gay man next to him smiled, "Oooo! There it is." In his thrashing to see better Heath's dick exposed toward the man.
"What's going on here?" Riley had his hand on his gun holster while his other hand poised forward in a calming take it easy manner. The black officer joined him pointing about for the bikers to behave. Riley witnessing Poke going strong and hearing his wife moan winced. Peering out into the lot he spotted her convertible then shook his head. "That you Missus Filmore?"
"YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!" Frannie squealed cumming all over Poke's buried beast.
"Going out on me again are ya?" Riley sighed, motioning bikers to settle aside away from the beds.
"I can't help myself Honey. I love you though you know that."
"I do! I do!" He scowls, "That you Poker?" He winced.
"Who else would it be...Little Brother?" He pulls out of Frannie then turns sideways on his knees to drag her by her hair under him as he jerks off over her face. Riley smirked now knowing who was assaulting his wife. "I've always wanted to tag your sexy ass wife. Couldn't be any more perfect her cheating on you, right?"
"She's not cheating Poke. We're swingers."
"Since when?"
"What's brought you home...half brother?"
"Rally up at Hawg Rock. That's it sis-in law...you hold that tongue ready for a nice homecoming." She wagged her tongue right up against his crown awaiting as he jerked off. "Almost there Brother. You gonna tell me to back off?"
"If I did I'd never hear the end of her rants. Fire away."
Informing them of his existence Heath thrashed about mumbling loudly. The black officer sighed and pointed, "Release him." Riley in turn paused them with a curious finger.
"Hold up! Who were you here to hook up with Frannie Lou?" Frannie refused to abandon Poke's nearing detonation but pointed directly at Heath without denial. Nodding Riley moved around the nude men carefully and examined Heath's identity from the side. "You! I saw you out in front of the school the other day." Heath winced up at him as if smug, it didn't set well with Riley. "Next time ask if you want time with my ole' lady." His sneer uptight at Heath's lack of courtesy Riley sized up the boys muscle tone and puckered. "She always was a sucker for bodybuilders, even one's still working on it. Nice tight ass you got there Kid." Riley dared to slap Heath on the bottom then looks at the gay biker, his eyes sparkling as if wishing Riley would spank him too.
"Samuel? Bebe? " Riley looks back at his partner's, "Why don't you two step outside and turn down our lights some?" Busty Bebe Service, Wildwood's newest officer aka Bebe Softserve as Riley and his force came to know her by eyed Heath with her own interest. Disappointed that Riley was encouraging her to step out made her groan. She had a hunch by Heath's actions that he was hardly gay in any way shape or form. Reluctant she follows Samuel out to their cars to cut the lights. Cherries faded to cloak their presence Riley chose to set down next to his wife first and finger her while Poke reared his head back in favor of a nice thick creamy jet of cum all across her face. "Happy now?" He rubbed Frannie's clit with his thumb.
"YES!" She squealed and laid there panting, licking her lips of Poke's cum. "What are you going to do to Heath?"
"That's his...wait a second...Heath Talbot? Wrestled at Wildwood High?" Riley leered left at Heath. "Tough guy I recall. I used to wrestle back in the day."
"You could always get nakie and wrestle with him now." The gay biker barged in verbally.
"Quiet down Lyle." Poke uttered.
"I have a better idea." Riley winced as he noted Heath flipping off the bikers defiantly. "I'm a firm believer in being asked permission to fuck what's mine Talbot. I don't take it lightly when I feel overlooked." He then turns to Frannie rolling his wet fingers across her chest to dry them off. "Nor, do I like being in the dark in my own home life. You need to be punished Frannie Lou. No more of these silly ass rendezvouses without telling me."
"I'm sorry Riley. Punish me I deserve it."
"Untie her the rest of the way Poke." His older brother nods his praise of authority and untangles Frannie of her loosened bonds. Once free Riley stands tall over her and takes her by her hair forcefully pulling her to her feet. Escorting her to the other bed he makes her lay right on top of Heath's back, her chest crushing against his spine. "Good! Now tie her like she was before right over Talbot there." The other bikers enthusiastically find more restraints and begin to tie her limbs when Riley pauses them, "Tie her wrists to his, her ankles to his ankles." They quickly moved in and bound the would be lovers together. Heath just gave up and growled.
Once she was trussed up Riley motioned the bikers aside and began disrobing. Seeing Riley stripping down Heath bulged his eyes. As Poke sat down on his bed observing his brother's actions he turned his eyes toward the cops standing outside, especially young brunette Bebe, her chest a healthy 40C for such a tiny frame. The girl was certainly gifted.
"Hey Bro? Your lady cop is pretty interested in what we're doing here. I can see her drooling." Acknowledging Poke, Riley peers through the window to see Bebe smiling.
"The new kid's a nympho. Every guy on the force had their dicks sucked her first week on the knob job." Whistling at her Riley motions her inside. Stepping in through the opened hotel room door Riley points at her, "Want in on this Service?" Leering at Poke he adds, "Her last name is Service. Not making that up."
"Nice!" Poke puckered standing up and stroking his dick back to life, "Want some of this Copper?"
"Rather have what's under Mrs. Riley, but I can work my way there. You sure it's okay Riley?" Bebe didn't want to overstep his authority.
"Naked except your badge Kid. Hold that at all times."
"Yes Sir." Bebe giggled and began her striptease, boots off the rest flowed nicely. Once her big tits found air the bikers grinned amongst themselves. Her slick as a whistle pubic area was inviting as hell. Badge held up for Riley to see she spanked her own ass, "Officer Softserve reporting for booty." She smirked.
"We call her Softserve. Pussies soft and she likes to serve and protect."
"Beautiful." Poke motioned Bebe over then picked her up throwing her like a rag doll on the bed, "Keep your Miranda handy." He flowed right over her and kissed her, fingering her pink pussy to warm her up, "Juicing up nicely Copper." Yes she was.
Heath found his predicament mentally challenging him, even looking over at Bebe who glanced his way as Poke kissed her neck. Showing Heath her badge she winked at him mouthing, "I'm sorry." Heath winced at her but strangely found it in himself to wink back. Crazy right? The second Bebe was penetrated by Poke's big cock her thoughts although lost focus on Heath, regardless their eyes were locked on one another. Comfort? Sure why not. At least Heath was calming down his anger.
Weight increasing on Heath's back he knew Riley was fucking his wife. Frannie moaning over Heath, whispered, "Forgive me Master." Was it meant for Heath or Riley? Heath just wasn't certain. Forced to just lay there enduring every thrust Riley jabbed into his wife Heath hissed at his misfortune and wished he had just stayed home and controlled Margo Needy. At least with her this kind of situation would never have occurred.
In his thrusts Riley felt evil and pulled out of her seemingly as if accidental, lowering his dick to slide under Frannie's pubic arena and collide with Heath's ass. Each event Heath cursed at the close proximity of his ass hole being targeted. He knew damn well Riley was messing around, trying to put the fear of God in him. Heath Talbot was stronger than that, he'd get even if his ass ever did get violated. For the duration of Riley's twisted ride all Heath had was Bebe's big beautiful eyes watching him as she moaned, her breasts squeezed by Poke's digging fingers leaving paw prints. Around them all the bikers praised the show.
Outside by the squad cars Samuel N'Dolla got a call on his private cell and stepped away from the noise to answer it. Hearing his niece ask if he wanted dinner brought to him tonight he denied her saying he was out on a disturbance call. From there he listened to his niece talk about the boy she liked named Cabot, asking Samuel if he might video more for her to share with her beau. Samuel, himself a twisted man in the sex department asked her, "What do I get in return?" Her answer was, "Chicken Gumbo." Good enough for him, "I'll eat when I get home." The gumbo or his niece? He was undecided.
Inside the hotel room, the echoing cries of ecstasy were rattling the windows, between Frannie and Bebe the noise level that called the cops in was nearing disturbance codes far worse than what attracted the police in the first place. It took Samuel outside to control the rooms above from their original callers. Unfortunate for them Samuel had to resort to telling those above to go to their room it would be over soon, if not he would cite them for a false 9-1-1 call. They didn't like it but went back into their room. Samuel himself didn't particularly enjoy being so cruel toward them. Still, he did like his job.
Cumming inside his wife violently Riley Filmore pulled out and let his drooling cock trickle cum over Heath's scrotum on purpose. The wetness making Heath swear into his bandana gag was music to Riley's ears. Rearing over Frannie he unloaded the remainder of his nut on her ass. A snapped glance over at Poke holding Bebe's ankles behind her ears and pounding her in a feisty repetition the brothers reconnected eyes. A thumbs up shared Poke said, "Good to see ya Brother."
"Been awhile Poke. Better stop by and see Dad or I'll tell him to drive up to Hawg Rock and break out his belt like he used to do when we were kids."
"I'll do that first light. Softserve here is tensing up. You finish up while I do."
"Yep!" Riley heard Bebe scream as an orgasm tore her gaze from Heath, her eyes retreating back into her head. Heath found that time to close his own eyes and pray this ordeal was almost done. On his back Frannie whispered to Heath, "It's almost over Master. Please forgive me I didn't know this would happen." Heath knew better, it was obvious if this Poke was Riley's brother that she was well aware of his identity. Heath just wanted out.
Untying Frannie, Riley peeled her off of Heath and pulled her to his chest kissing her, dried cum and all. Their love evident under the circumstances she melted into his embrace. Once their hint of romance ended Riley stood up and stretched. Frannie crawling out of bed to join him hugged him from the side and whispered, "Have mercy on Heath. He's not totally at fault here Riley. I did want him too."
"Mercy? You're lucky I don't arrest him on trumped up charges."
"Please Riley. For me?"
"He gets a dose of his own medicine. If he's gonna be an asshole and do you behind my back...I can see to it he feels the same." Motioning to the naked bikers he makes a hand gesture as if jerking off then points to Heath. Understanding his request the bikers gathered around Heath on the mattress and began rubbing themselves off. The gay biker assisting his lover before being slapped away playfully. Pouting the gay biker just caressed Heath's back.
"Do we call this boykakke?" Lyle chuckled in a feminine swagger. Heath hearing a version of bukkake stiffened up and mumbled, "Motherfuckers!" under the soaked rag in his mouth. Forced to watch Frannie lowered her eyes defeated by her husbands vengeance quest. It could have been worse and she knew it. Riley was a vindictive dick now and again.
Bebe rolled over in bed let Poke take her up the ass. Forced sideways in bed Poke made her watch Heath, his eyes barely seen around his gauntlet of boasting bikers. The sorrow in Bebe's gaze kept Heath calm, it was all he had. Showing him her badge she tried to smile but concluded it was pointless. She knew after this was all said and done the boy would never look at her the same. Some law enforcer she was. He did seem to enjoy looking over her reared up ass and seeing Poke's cock rising and falling into her anus. It was a glimmer of hope she thought.
As the biker's one by one peppered Heath against his will they heard him swear vengeance. On the final biker's jizz striking his ass Heath felt a tongue lick his cheek, it was the gay biker saying, "I own this drop, it's from Hank." Heath just buried his face in the pillow.
"Poke? Take your gang outside a bit." Riley informed his brother, Poke pulling out of Bebe unfulfilled grumbled distastefully at being cut short, he wanted one last nightcap inside her ass.
"See ya Miranda." Poke slapped Bebe's ass then crawled from bed, each of the bikers grabbing their clothes to get dressed outside. Once the room vacated Riley pushed Frannie toward Heath.
"Lick him clean."
Frannie flared her eyes at the mass of cream on Heath's body from head to toe, but moved in with her tongue gathering up and swallowing puddle after puddle. Seeing her enjoyment Bebe crawled from her own bed and insisted on joining Frannie. Heath relaxed and enjoyed the pair of rolling tongues. At Heath's butt crack Frannie pried the cheeks wide to see a large gathering of jizz. Pausing there Frannie eyed Bebe with a smile, as if offering her the best of cuisine. Bebe wasted no time and enjoyed licking Heath's ass. She even found him arching his spine to greet her. Maybe he wasn't as angry as she predicted. Once the feasting women completed their task Riley grunted, "Get dressed Officer Softserve. I'll be out in a minute. Close the door behind you."
Dressing quickly Bebe hesitated looking at Riley for a confirmation to make one last move he conceded with a nod. Moving next to Heath, Bebe leaned down and kissed Heath on the cheek, "Please look me up." Her words sincere she took her leave, door sealed behind her.
Riley leering over his shoulder as he too got dressed motioned Frannie to the floor in front of him. She obeyed and sat there on her knees as he pet her hair.
"Okay Headlock, you got off easy tonight. I'm willing to overlook this on one condition." Heath tried to look at him but the angle was awkward. "I'm going to walk out of here and let you finish your date. No interference from the bikers I'll see to that. My wife here obviously enjoys your company. Now that I'm aware of you I'll be watching closer. Nod if you understand me." Heath nodded affirmatively.
"Good man. Keep my whore happy tonight. If she says she wasn't satisfied I'll be pulling you over every time I see you. Am I clear, Headlock?" Another nod led Riley to untie Heath and let him pull the gag from his mouth in a messy display of overactive saliva glands. Once out Heath sat up and tossed the rag aside. Standing up almost defiantly Heath faced Riley chest to chest with a grim stare. Reaching his hand out Heath snatched up Frannie's hair and yanked her to her feet. Shoving her on to the bed Heath crawled between Frannie's legs and went to work.
"Close the case on your way out." Heath barked, "Am I clear?"
Riley smirked, "Copy That!" He would tell the bikers to give up their room and take Frannie's until morning. Left to themselves Heath tore his Spanish teacher up.
"Entendido!" He added his own version of Riley's final words. Copy that Bitch!
********
Funny? Laying halfway in, halfway out of her fabricated dog cage bedroom, Margo Needy finished writing on each copy of her scanned butt used as party invites. No one else at home currently she curled up and went to sleep, waking briefly with a shiver five minutes later. With the cage door open something made her wake up and shut it. Pets often had a seventh sense they say.
Maybe in a sense she was a copycat.