"Would you like to play a game?" appeared on her phone.
"Number unknown," flashed on her phone. Her automatic response took over and she swiped the "decline" icon.
The next morning, while at work, her phone buzzed,
"Would you like to play a game?"
She was buried in tedious paperwork, a typical day when you are a junior accountant. Bored out of her mind, what she did next went against all of the warnings she had ever heard, and her better judgement, and she took a chance.
"Yes."
A few minutes later another message appeared.
"At lunchtime today, go to the main reception desk in the lobby of your building and ask for a letter addressed to you."
"Who are you and how did you get my number and my name?"
"Sorry, against the rules, I ask the questions, I give the instructions, you decide if you want to play the game or not."
"Do you want to play or not?"
"Yes"
No further messages appeared; puzzled, a little scared about what she had started, and a little excited too, she went back to work.
The hour and half until noon seemed to take days to end and despite knowing that she might be part of a big practical joke or the victim of some kind of predator, she felt excited, something she hadn't felt in a long time.
Perhaps, she shouldn't have felt that way, but she didn't take all of those self-defence courses for nothing and at 25, she was perhaps in the best condition of her life. She ran, did aerobics, and was very healthy. The only negative was that she worked too much, far too much. She was trying to build up her reputation as a key associate, but all that work didn't leave much time for relationships.
At noon, she took the elevator to the lobby and asked the receptionist of there was anything for her.
The receptionist checked and handed her a large plain white envelope with her name typed on the outside. She asked the receptionist if she remembered who dropped it off.
"I don't know, it was on the desk when I arrived with a post-it, saying to hold it until 1pm today, sorry."
She thanked her and went to sit down and open the envelope.
Finding a chair in the lobby, she sat down and opened the envelope.
Only 6 words were on the page, "This was a test, you passed," the words were printed and there was no other information on the paper or the envelope.
"Really, that's it?!"
Disappointed. she glanced around the busy lobby, but did not see anyone watching her. Although she thought she was quite pretty, at work she dressed like an accountant, virtually no makeup, plain business attire, and outfit gave few hints about the woman underneath. She just looked like one of a few dozen bland professional women who worked here.
She ate her lunch in solitude outside and returned to work. Later on, just after 3pm, another text arrived.
"Are you still playing?"
She responded, "Yes."
"Go to the washroom and remove your bra and panties. Then, go to the lunchroom and put them in the garbage, you won't be needing them anymore today."
"What kind of game is this?"
This is not what she expected, this was not something an accountant did. Her first thought was that she should just block this number and get back to work.
She was just about to press the "block number" icon, and then she thought about the last six months. Working 10-12 hours a day, taking work home at night, not going out, only exercising, she craved some excitement; other than playing with herself in the privacy of her room. She hadn't some any sexual for 6 months, not since she started this job.
She thought about it for a minute, this is kind of exciting and it had been a long time since she had done anything exciting. She decided to take a chance for once. She figured it was safe to play because, no one would know or likely even notice.
"Are you going to play?"
"Yes."
"After you have disposed of your bra and panties, return to your desk and keep working."
Self consciously, she looked around from her cubical, no one even noticed her, except her boss. He simply nodded at her and continued standing at the photocopier, pressing buttons on the control panel. She got up and went to the ladies' room. She felt a little excited to be doing something like this, just the very thought made her start to get wet.
Going into the furthest stall, she closed and latched the door.
Undoing her blouse, she unclasped the front of her bra, and then shrugged one shoulder and then the next and removed her bra without removing her blouse. Involuntarily, she sighed with the feeling she got each time when her boobs were released. Taking a moment, she lightly ran her fingertips over the hardening nipples and a tiny moan escaped her lips.
"No time for that right now," she whispered to herself.
She reached under her knee-length black skirt and bunched up the material to her waist. Then hooking her thumbs under the elastic band of her pink hi-cut panties, she pulled them to her knees and then down further and over her respectable shoes. She smiled at the panties, one of her few concessions to the fact she actually did like feeling sexy.
It wasn't until she had her panties off that she noticed how wet they were.
Bringing them to her face, she briefly inhaled the scent of her warm pussy.
"No time for that either, unfortunately, I have to get back before my boss notices that I am gone," she added under her breathe.
Straightening out her skirt, enjoying the feeling of the material on her shaved pussy, she did up most but not all of the buttons on her blouse. Despite living like a monk, since starting this job, she loved the feeling of having a shaved pussy, her second concession to being secretly sexy.
Anyone looking closely as she left the washroom, would have noticed her eraser size nipples poking underneath the silky material, but no one even gave her a second glance.
She almost forgot to drop her bra and panties in the garbage. She felt bad about that, the bra wasn't that comfortable but the panties were almost brand new. She wondered what the cleaning staff might think when the garbage would be emptied later.
She had been gone about 10 minutes and no one had noticed her absence. Digging back into the stack of papers on her desk, she was soon lost in the numbers.
At about 5:30, a courier, dropped a box off for her and asked her to sign.
"What is it?", she asked the courier, who quite often dropped things off for her and the other associates.
"Not sure, but it was a rush parcel, and it is my last one for today, so I am just happy to give it to you, so I can go home."
She thanked him, and then looked at the plain brown wrapping. The only address on it, was hers and the shipping date was today.
"Somebody pulled some strings," she thought.
Opening in the package, she looking inside the box, she wasn't sure if she believed her eyes, inside was a small butterfly vibrator and a note.
The butterfly vibrator was something she had seen on-line one night after several glasses of wine with her sister, her older sister who was also her roommate. The vibrator was the kind you wore and it came with a small remote control, with settings from 1 to 10.
Who was the person playing this game with her?
She glanced around the office, but most people left at 5, she realized that she hadn't even noticed. They knew she worked late usually and they hadn't wanted to disturb her.
Looking in the box, she knew it was for her to use. Her heart was almost in her throat and her pussy started getting wetter again. She had never had a vibrator in her life and the thrill of having one at work almost made her feel dizzy.
Another text, "Go back to the washroom and put on the vibrator, turn the setting to 3, and then go back to work."
When her boss, who was also working late, noticed her getting up, she just said she had to go to the washroom. He just smiled and nodded.
She ripped up the note and took the contents of the box with her to the washroom.
Going to the same stall, she found her hands were shaking. She wasn't sure how to wear the butterfly vibrator, however she was a smart girl and had played with herself enough to know where the most sensitive spots were. This time she undid her skirt and pulled it off completely and hung it on the door hook.
Inhaling the scent of her wet pussy, she couldn't help but running a finger along her petal shaped opening. Bringing it to her mouth she licked her finger, tasting herself. She always loved the taste of herself, sometimes it made her wonder if someday, she would like to be with another girl, she wondered if all girls tasted the same.
Shaking off the distraction, she took the butterfly from the box and slipped the elastic straps over her butt and positioned the vibrating part over her vagina. She adjusted it a little more so that it was right against her little clit.
After a couple of minutes of trial and error, she thought she had it placed right and turned on the remote to 1.
"Wow", that felt awesome and so naughty. The electricity she felt run through her body forced her to steady herself on the side of the stall.
Putting her skirt back on, she turned the remote to 2 and then 3.
"OMG!", she whimpered quietly, she couldn't imagine what 10 must feel like.
She couldn't believe how quiet it was and how incredible it made her pussy feel. She didn't know how much more work she could get done today and was glad the day was almost over. She couldn't imagine that she would be able to concentrate on anything other than having an orgasm.
Leaving the washroom, and with each step, her pussy felt like it had a mind of its own.
A text message came up, "Are you still playing?"
"Yes."
"Good girl."
Somehow she managed to focus and despite the warm pulsating feelings, she managed to do a little work, only about 10% of what she normally would have done in the time usually; however, she figured since all she really wanted to do was to strip off all her clothes and masturbate on her desk, this wasn't too bad everything considered.
She had planned on working until 7pm, but a little after 6, her boss called her into his office.
Hoping that he would not notice how flushed she was and how erect her nipples were poking through her blouse, she got up to go to his office. Standing up, she saw that her chair was wet and so was the back of her skirt. She could almost taste her scent, and she hoped that her boss wouldn't notice.
If he noticed, he never said anything. He was working late and had ordered a pizza and offered to share it with her. She was very hunger and accepted his invitation. They talked while they ate and although it was difficult with the wonderful buzzing feeling between her legs, she managed to keep up her side of the conversation.
She had always thought he was attractive; he was about 6 feet tall, early 50's, and solid looking. He dressed well and always seemed happy with her work.
Right now, her only thought was of him leaning her over his desk and fucking her soaking wet pussy from behind.
She forced that image from her mind as she struggled to stay focused on the conversation.
"I think you are working too hard; you should make sure that you keep some fun in your life and watch your work/life balance," he said with real concern in his voice. "I know you want to build up your reputation, but there is more to you than just accounting."
"Thank you, I really appreciate you saying that, and I know I need to balance things a little better,"
"Life isn't all about accounting, especially for a beautiful young woman in the city."
"I am working on that sir, in fact just today, I took a chance on trying something new", I replied as I got up to return to my desk.
"Wait a minute, did he really just say I was beautiful?" she thought.
"Good, you look like to have some more colour in your skin tonight, I worry about you. You've done enough for today; have a good night and we'll see you later."
She went to her desk, hoping that she hadn't left a wet mark on his chair.
Gathering up her things, she almost forgot the remote. Grabbing it, she accidently turned the setting to 8 and a loud moan escaped her mouth as her pussy, which had been on the edge of an orgasm since she put on the vibrator, let loose with a powerful orgasm.
Knees buckling, she had to sit down as the waves flooded over her. As soon as she was able, she glanced around, but there wasn't anyone to notice her. She turned the remote back to 3 and enjoyed the warm wet feeling between her legs, before heading to the parking lot.
Her phone buzzed, "Do you still want to play?"
She couldn't type fast enough. "YES!"
"Good girl."
"Get into your car and remove the rest of your clothes. The turn the remote to 10 and play with your tits and nipples until you have an orgasm."
Now she was a little frightened, so far nothing had really been in public and she actually hadn't been doing anything that anyone could actually see. The parking garage was empty and the night sky was starting to darken with an approaching storm.
"Do you still want to play?"
She was so horny, she had never imagined that she could feel so sexy, nothing like this had ever happened to her. She liked feeling sexy, and truth be told, it was the feeling of being naughty, almost slutty that was the biggest turn on.
"Yes."
Feeling the rush of excitement, she turned the dial and could hardly catch her breathe as the powerful little butterfly pushed her hard. She undid her skirt and raising her tight little ass, she pulled the skirt off and then slowly unbuttoned her blouse and removed it, as the waves of energy radiated from her core.
Only being 5" 2", she sat fairly low in the car anyway and it wasn't too likely anyone would be able to see into her car, her finger tips brushed against her 34B breasts and her nipples felt like they must have been an inch long.
Picturing herself sitting in her car, in the company parking garage, with a vibrator on full in her little shaved cunt, masturbating, brought her to the most powerful orgasm she had ever had in her life.
She had heard about women squirting and had never had it happen to her until now, as the orgasm shook her, she could not believe the feeling, if this is what it feels like to be a slut, she was never going to stop.
Slowly, letting her heartrate return to normal, she noticed that her car was filled with the sweet scent of her sex, and her whole body was sweaty.
Her little pussy was so sensitive that she had to turn off the vibrator and she slid it down her legs and put it onto the seat, but not before kissing it and licking more of herself off of the plastic.
"Do you want more?"
Her body screamed YES, as her shaky fingers keyed the word into her phone.
"Drive home, but stay naked. At each red light you come to, try to play with yourself until you orgasm or the game will be over."
Twenty-four hours ago, the thought of driving naked through the city streets would have be unimaginable, not now. Any shred of modesty was now soaked into the upholstery of her car seat.
Despite the fear, she smiled as she pulled out of the parking garage onto the main road. She felt so sexy and bad as she drove through the darkness, knowing that she was nude while dozens of people drove all around her, totally unaware about the naked woman only a few feet from them.
She went through the first three lights and each was green. As she approached the next light, she actually slowed down, just to experience more of the game.
As the light changed to yellow, she froze in horror, the car ahead of her was a police car.
Her mind imagined the lights coming on and being pulled over, hauled out of her car still naked, her hands in cuffs, on full view of everyone driving past, being searched, a police officers rough hands manhandling her body, the inuendo, the stares, the possibility of being felt up under the pretext of a body search ... maybe by more than one cop ... if she was lucky. Far from being scared, with her one hand furiously rubbing her soft pussy lips and the small, oh so sensitive clit, she was actually excited at the prospect, the possibility made her cum and her poor car seat was even wetter now.
The light changed and the police car accelerated, she had climaxed hard. She was surprised at how the thought of being on naked display and being manhandled by the police had turned her on so much. The car behind her honked before she managed to accelerate herself.
"My boss, thought I should have more fun", she laughed, "I doubt this is what he had mind."
The image returned to her head of him leaning her over his desk, fucking her tight little pussy and then maybe her virgin ass, was almost too much to believe and she focused with difficultly on driving.
At the next red light, she heard a whistle, looked up, there was a huge pickup truck and a very hairy man in the passenger seat looking down at her. He could see her 34B's and stared right at her naked thighs.
Thinking more like a slut and less and less like an accountant, she spread her legs slightly and revealed her well abused, puffy little shaved cunt. The man's eyes just about popped out of his head, just as the light changed and she quickly accelerated. She thought her heart might burst right out of her chest.
"What's come over me?"
"What if he had taken my picture?"
"What if they followed me?
The truck turned another way fortunately, and she went in the opposite direction.
Her heart was racing, the car seat soaked, and she was still playing with herself, barely able to keep her hand on the steering wheel.
Unfortunately, all of the remaining lights were green and within no time she approached her house. The houses were packed very tightly and many of the lights were on. She pulled into her driveway, still naked and still very horny. She noticed her sister's car was missing.
"Don't get dressed, go into your house naked," was the text command.
Glancing nervously up and down the street, she could see a tall man down the road walking her way, but he seemed far enough away and she didn't think he would be looking her way.
Opening the door, she gathered her things together and took one more glance in both directions and walked to the door. Finding her key, she unlocked the door and slipped in.
On the counter, was a note from her sister.
"Gone to see my boyfriend, hopefully to get laid, LOL, I might not be back until tomorrow."
The note was sitting on a box, addressed to her, in the same printing as the box earlier today.
Just then a text appeared, "Open the box."
She practically ripped the box open and inside was a black silk blindfold.
"Put it on, NOW, then open the door when it knocks!"
She just put it on, excited and scared again, but before she had time to consider this escalation of the game.
The door knocked.
She opened the door immediately, naked and blindfolded.
"Don't make a sound", came a quiet masculine, but somehow familiar voice.
She heard the door close and lock.
"Do you want to finish the game?"
"Yes", she stammered.
"You have been an obedient little slut, haven't you? Look at how wet and ready your cunt is, are you ready for a good fucking?"
"Yes."
"On your knees, slut."
She thought, until today, she couldn't remember using the "c" word ever or using the term, "slut" to describe herself; both words made her feel sexy and dirty at the same time.
She could hear the man undressing, and her pussy, was dripping again.
"Suck my cock, slut", she sensed his cock in front of her face and opening her mouth, he forced it over her lips and into her my mouth.
She didn't have a lot of experience with blow jobs, but she was a quick learner; after gagging a little, soon was sucking, licking, and feeling his head with her tongue. The taste of his pre-cum was sweet and he forced more of himself deeper into her mouth.
As she sucked him off, she could feel the veins on the sides of his cock and after several minutes, she heard him grunt and his cock erupted into her mouth, felt the salty liquid going down her throat, coating her teeth, and dripping from her mouth. She sucked it all up and licked the rest from his cock.
"Good girl, you are such a great little cocksucker."
He pulled her to her feet and then leaned her up against the kitchen table, bending her over until her tits were pushed into the table. He played with her pussy with one hand, and then using some of their combined juices, massaged her ass.
With two of his large fingers in her pussy and one probing her ass, she shook as another orgasm rocked her body.
Just as her pussy unclenched, his first finger penetrated her ass again, in and out to the first joint and then the second, and then the third. She felt his hot breath on her ass and then his tongue rimming her loosened asshole.
She almost screamed when he stopped, but quickly tensed as she felt his hard cock enter her cunt. He almost forced himself all the way into her on the first thrust. She thought he would split her in two. He then thrust again and again and again, stretching her to the limit.
"God that feels good, you have such a wet, tight, cunt, you little slut."
He continued to pound her from behind, she felt his balls slapping against her ass and she sensed she could hear someone screaming, and smiled when she realized it was her.
"Fuck my tight little cunt, cum inside my pussy, fill me up with your cum," she couldn't believe the language coming from her mouth, and he fucked her even harder.
He came hard, she felt his hot cum deep inside her pussy. When he pulled out, she felt a flood pouring out of her.
He turned her around and forced her to her knees again and she instinctively found his cock and licked his cum and her juices from his cock, all the while she was making a small puddle on the kitchen floor from her leaking pussy.
"That's a good little slut, clean me up good, and make me hard so I can fuck your ass next."
He pushed her face towards the floor, and though still blind folded, she licked up the cum from the floor.
Pulling her to her feet again, she heard the snap of a lid and then felt the cold squishy feeling of some lube on her ass. His strong fingers rubbed the oily gel all over the space between her cheeks. Still dilated from earlier he took a second finger and forced it inside her rosebud.
Then she felt his hard cock, push against her opening. The pressure got more intense, then he was in, pushing deeper and deeper inside her ass.
Pulling almost all the way out, he pushed back even deeper. He did this over and over again until she lost count of the times, the feeling was incredible for both of them.
Then she felt him coming again, and this time he filled her ass with his cum. He stayed inside her for a few minutes as his cock gradually softened. When he pulled out, he left her leaning face down, against the table.
She heard the door close and lock, and he was gone.
She thought she must have been quite the sight; naked, cum dripping from her ass, her pussy, and dried cum on her face. Her pussy and ass were stretched from being pounded. She remembered walking to the shower and standing under the hot water for what seemed like hours.
She climbed naked into bed, completely exhausted but incredibly satisfied.
In the morning, her sister still wasn't home, but when her alarm for work went off, her phone buzzed.
"There is more to you than just accounting ... would you like to play again?"