"I can't wait to get home..." I mumble to myself as I take my exit from my long ride through rush hour traffic. I pull into the complex and quickly turn off the car while pulling out my purse in one swift movement. Upon unlocking the keys to my empty apartment, I kick off my heels and slide off my cardigan.
I decide to stay home from the gym today, I'm so tired from the long, stressful day I was tossed into at work. With that being said, I walk through the doors of my bedroom and open up the windows to let in the cool spring breeze. I see my neighbor's car pull into the lot and park next to me. My insides quench and tremble seeing his strong, muscular body emerge from the two-door coupe. I reminisce on the times we've joked about just carpooling to the gym since we run into each other there so often. Being honest, I don't think we'd make it to the gym in that case. I would make us sweat in other ways...
I watch him sort thru his backpack for the apartment keys and feel my temperature rising as I take in every inch of his long, chiseled arms and dreaming of nibbling across that jaw line. How can a man I've never touched make me feel this way? I shake my head and saunter towards the bathroom knowing I could never build up the courage to do anything past the simple flirting we do on occasion. I lock eyes with my bathtub and decide to give myself some much needed self love.
I turn on the shower and peel off my clothes in front of the mirror admiring the many gym hours put in to obtain what I see in front of me. I think about my neighbor in his gym attire: loose performance shirt, gym shorts that leave very little to the imagination... Fuck, I need to take a shower. I got to shake this guy off of my mind.
I step in and welcome the biting of the hot water droplets on my skin. I let the water drench my hair, face and run down my body. I needed this. A steaming hot shower always clears my head. I grab my loofah, squeeze a little body wash and begin forming little suds on my body. The texture of the loofah plus the running hot shower feel so good across my skin, exfoliating me and giving me a mini-massage. Under my arms, around my neck... around each breast and carefully over each nipple. I smile and bite my lip at the touch. I circle the loofah around my stomach and look down at my toned body, proud of what I look like naked. Continuing, I rub the sponge down the length of each leg coming back up to meet the tops of my thighs. I run over my pubic area and repeat the same process on my other leg, except bringing it right in between my legs where I longed to be touched. I think of the times I've asked him to help me unclog my sink and move around furniture, seeing his muscles move in ways I wish they would on my own body. The water brings me back to reality and I decide to take my self love a little further.
I rinse myself off and step out of the shower. Lightly drying myself off and wringing out the excess water in my hair, I walk towards my bed and lay down. I didn't want any toys, I wanted to imagine his hands on my body. I closed my eyes and pictured the thought... The weight of his body pressing me down into the bed, feeling his arms pin me down... I'm so wet already... I can't believe this man can make me feel hot and heavy without even touching me.
I reach over and pump some lotion from my bedside table onto my hands and begin moisturizing my stomach, working my way up to my breasts. I knead them carefully, and suddenly pull on my nipples for a quick surprise that send electric spikes thru my body. I can feel my pussy clench with delight imagining it was him playing with me like this. I wonder to myself if he's a gentle lover... but then again, I imagine a 6 foot man could also be very dominant, sexy and demanding. I spread my legs wide and expose my pussy to the empty room as I trace the tips of my fingers from my nipples to where it matters... My body tickles at the thrill of teasing myself. Does he like to play, too? Or is he a straight-forward I-need-you-now man? I run my finger up my slit and feel my wetness. Fuck... I didn't even cum yet and I'm soaking wet. I stick one finger in, fuck it feels so good... I wish it was him playing with my pussy. Finger fucking me, letting me drip my juices on him as he laps me up and tastes me. As I insert another finger, my other hand circles my clit and creates a sensation that is so familiar, but so new at the same time. It's never felt like this before, I think to myself, but I don't want to stop.
I close my eyes again and imagine him sucking on my clit, teasing me with his breath and tongue. Pleasing me, bringing to the edge. "Scott, baby... fuck me!" My hips grinding into the bed, matching the patterns and pace my hands are moving. "Fuck, I'm gonna cum, Scott... don't stop baby. Don't stop until I cum!" My breathing gets heavier. I feel the build of euphoria getting stronger in my stomach, I'm getting there... I can't believe the thought of this guy is gonna get me off... I'm so close. The sounds of me fucking my wet pussy and my quiet moans are about to set me off when I hear a rustle outside.
I immediately stop my work and glance outside. Fuck! The window was open! I'm so stupid, I was so focused on getting myself off I didn't even take the precautions to check everything! I hear quick footsteps attempting to get away and as soon as they went off, I grabbed my robe to inspect what could really be seen from my window. I'm pretty certain that not much could be seen... at least I'm hoping. I slide on my flip flops and step around my apartment to my bedroom window. Damn it. Someone just got a whole show. I hope it wasn't the perv on the other end of the building that always cat calls when I'm out for a jog in my sports bra and leggings. As I step out of the miniature bushes by the window, I run into him, Scott.
"Hey, you..."
"Shit, you scared me! Haha..."
"I did? I'm sorry..." There's something so different about his tone. I step back and wrap my arms around the front of my robe since it's the only thing covering me up.
"About to head to the gym?"
"Yeah, I was... have you gone?" He glances down my body and smiles a warm, but body-Melting smile.
"No... today was super busy at work. I decided to take a day off, I'll put in extra work tomorrow." I smile back, though I know mine isn't half as attractive as his.
"Do you think of me often?" What...
"Excuse me?" I flush red. "What do you ..." I couldn't even finish my sentence.
"I have a confession to make... I was coming around to ask if you wanted to carpool today to the gym since I saw your car..." It was him watching me? "And I heard some noise from where your room could be, so I peeked in and I couldn't help but watch, especially since you were saying my name."
Suddenly, I feel the familiar quench of my insides when he smiles and looks down at me with carnal, seductive, needy eyes. "Today was the first time I thought of you like that... but I do think of you from time to time. You are my neighbor after all..."
He steps closer to me, so close I can feel his erection hardening against my stomach. Wow... "Maybe you can give me something to think about?" He smells my damp hair, and brings a finger up to caress my cheek and tilts my chin up. He's the perfect mix of sexy and sweet.
I take his hand and lead him back to my apartment. I'll really give him a show.
END OF PART ONE