Everyone mentioned in this story is aged 21 or over.
This is a complete work of fiction. More chapters will follow if there is interest.
The dialogue is written in British English so might not appeal to everyone. This is more of a slow burner so it won't be for everybody's taste, but there will be a taste...
Man comes back to his family home after his third year of university and introduces his family to nudism.
Thank you to those who commented. I can only apologise for those who I upset. In future, I will be more careful with the categories I choose. Constructive criticism is very welcome. Hate is not. If it is not obvious I am not a "writer". I am just enjoying the story.
—
Tim was awoken by a bright light, on, then off, on, then off it blinked. He had pulled the covers over his head to hide from the unwelcome bright light. He heard the door creak slightly as it was opened fully. "Ti..." they had begun to speak but stopped short. Tim pulled the covers down and was once again in the dim room. He looked to the doorway and saw his older sister standing in the doorway. She was standing stock still, staring. He peeked around the covers and saw that the quilt had dropped to one side and he was partially exposed. He quickly covered himself as best he could, then realised today was the day she would have to get used to it. He decided to jump in the deep end as it were and threw the cover off of him completely. Not only was Belle greeted this morning by her naked brother, but by her naked brother with morning wood. Tim knew it would go shortly due to the situation. Belle didn't move, her eyes certainly grew. They were transfixed on his groin. Taking it all in.
"Morning Belle." A slight smile cracked her lips. "You need to get to work? Don't let me distract you."
She struggled to tear her eyes away from his crotch, when she did she could not meet his eyes. "Yes." That was all she could manage. She stepped into the room, now looking at her screens. She took several steps towards the desk.
"What? No coffee for me this morning?" She looked at him, well towards him, she was now trying to avert her gaze from him completely.
"Er... No. Sorry, need to, need to focus. Got an important meeting."
"You best crack on then." She sat in her chair and donned the headphones and began setting up the various screens. Tim watched her work. She had an accuracy and urgency in the way she executed everything she did. Tim stood up and walked up behind her. He watched the information on the screen moving seemingly of its own accord. He turned and got to the door. He turned and flicked the lightswitch on and off twice. She hesitantly turned and took off her headphones. She looked almost straight through him.
"Yeah?"
"Can I get you a drink?"
"Mum said she was bringing me one up." She turned round unblinkingly and replaced her headphones and went back to work.
'I don't think she is taking it too well', Tim thought. 'Maybe this is just her way of coping. I hope it gets better.' His morning wood was subsiding now. Tim left the room, closing the door behind him. He walked down the stairs and he could see his Mum sitting at the head of the table in the kitchen reading a book. When she heard the creak of the stairs she looked up. His appearance visibly shocked her, her breath caught in her throat. She coughed. "Morning Love."
"Morning Mum, you okay?"
"Just didn't think it would shock me so much seeing my son in his birthday suit." She giggled nervously.
"I can put my shorts back on."
"No love, it's fine. I'll get used to it."
"If it's a problem please say so."
"Did Belle see It... see you?"
"Yes. I think it was a shock to her but she seemed to deal with it in her own way, just sort of spaced out from it. Did you make her tea?"
"Oh yeah I'll do it now." Sally went to the kettle and made her daughter a cup of tea. She went upstairs with it and Tim listened closely trying to hear what they were saying. He was too far away. He crept halfway up the stairs. He could hear them giggling. He felt like they were laughing at him. He went up to the Linen closet and grabbed a fresh towel and headed back downstairs. He placed the towel on one of the benches at the kitchen table and sat on it. His Mum came back down a few minutes later. She returned to her seat at the head of the table and looked at her son and smiled.
"Had a good laugh did you?" There was scorn in his voice.
"What? No love we weren't... We weren't laughing, well we were laughing but it wasn't at you. Honestly love, that's not what it was. It's just a strange situation to find yourself in and it was more, well nervous laughter probably."
"Right, I can put shorts back on if you can't deal with it."
"No love, it's totally fine, you do you."
"Hm." Tim got up and made himself a strong black coffee and pulled the laptop onto the worktop to check the listings. The kettle clicked, he was still staring at the screen.
After about a minute Sally chimed in "The kettle is done love." No answer. "Timmy, your coffee? Tim, are you not talking to me?"
"Huh?"
"Are you not talking to me now?"
"What no it's just, well it's just this." He picked up the laptop, spun it round and walked to his mum and placed it in front of her and leaned to point at the screen. "I must have picked some good records yesterday. That one there is currently at £1,870.65."
Sally stared at the screen. She was flabbergasted. How could one record be worth that? There were still four days on the listing too. How much will things go for? "What? What? How? How? That's, that's just silly."
"It's real Mum, just think of all the other stuff Dad's got. Could be worth tens, no hundreds of thousands. Nuts init?"
"Just ridiculous. Thank you Timmy. You chose well. Thanks for doing all this. I think we should split whatever we earn after all the fees from all this stuff in three. It's only fair I think."
"It's yours Mum."
"No he was your Dad, he would have wanted you two to have some too." Sally was now looking in Tim's eyes. Tim looked back to the screen and watched another bid tick it up another hundred quid. Tim was still very close to his mum as he was still leaning across to look at the screen. Sally's eyes drifted down to graze over his muscular form. She stopped at his cock, staring unblinkingly.
"Take a picture, it will last longer." Caught, she looked hurriedly back at the screen, blushing. Tim grinned as he watched as she turned a lighter shade of puce. Tim went over to the kettle and made his coffee. "I think we should celebrate tonight. I think this is cause enough. Belle won't be working tomorrow will she?"
"No... *cough* She doesn't work Saturdays."
"Good we'll get hammered then. Shall we order some food in?"
"I fancy making a curry. Need to go to the shops anyway for more beer."
"Okay sounds good, tell you what, I just need to put some washing on then I will come with you?"
"You can't come like that." Sally said while pointing to his cock.
Tim groaned. "I'll put some clothes on, don't worry."
"Right you go sort your washing then and I'll make a shopping list, do you want anything specific?"
"A bottle of champers I reckon."
"Oh I say Timothy a bottle of bubbly. What ho! Posho coming through." Sally said in a mock posh accent.
"Just put it on the list." Tim went upstairs to collect his worn clothing. He opened the door to the office/bedroom. Belle was facing her monitors and had her headphones on. Tim just picked up the small pile of clothes at the foot of his bed. He dropped the shorts on the bed and grabbed a fresh t-shirt and dropped that on the bed too. He turned away from the bed and was greeted by his sister's bulging eyes staring straight back. He walked over to the desk, her eyes never left his cock. He walked past her and picked up the now empty mug and walked back to the door and out of the room.
"Sorry, yeah I was listening, go on." Tim heard Belle say. She had been transfixed by his swinging dong. Tim laughed to himself. He took the washing into the utility and put a wash on. it wasn't very much to wash but it needed doing. Back in the kitchen Sally had finished her list. Tim picked up his hand towel off of the bench and wrapped it around his waist.
"You ready Mum?"
"You're not bloody going like that."
"Why not? I'm covered aren't I?" Tim was smirking.
"Barely."
"I'm only messing, I'll change."
"You can't really call it changing if you aren't getting out of something."
"I guess you're right". Tim pulled the towel off as he was climbing the stairs and dropped it onto the handrail. He went back to his bed and pulled on the shorts and t-shirt. Not bothering with boxers or socks. He wanted to be as free as he could. He turned to the door and opened it.
"Oh did Mum ask you to stop?" Belle asked, surprised.
Tim turned his head back to her, "No, going to the shops with her, she didn't like my towel only joke. You need anything?"
"Oh... Right, well, yeah we are low on coffee I think. Cakes. Get some cakes too. More beer."
"Oh don't you worry beer is sorted, we are celebrating."
"Celebrating? What are we celebrating?"
"You'll see."
"Tell me...!" Tim had slipped out the door and closed it. He heard a muffled "Tiiiimmmm..." through the door. He walked down to the front door where his Mum was waiting ready to go.
"That's better Tim, you won't embarrass me now."
"Like I would anyway. With that he pulled one of the baggy shorts legs up to reveal his ballsack."
"Oh Tim! Have you no shame?"
"Not anymore." Tim opened the front door and walked to the car. Sally locked the front door and blipped the fob to let Tim in.
Sally slid into the driver's seat, started the engine and buckled up. "Don't you dare get those out when we are shopping. I mean it. Do whatever you want at home but do not embarrass me. We are bound to bump into someone we know."
"I won't."
"Good." They set off and listened to the radio. "Belle wants some coffee."
"On my list."
"And some cakes and beer."
"Did you tell her?"
"Nope, said we are celebrating but didn't say why."
"You're cruel, she should know."
"She will. Later."
They did their shopping and got all the stuff they needed, in the alcohol aisle Tim went to get some champagne and made sure Sally was looking at him and he pulled his shorts down past his arse as he reached up for the bottle, she certainly got an eyeful. He grabbed the bottle, tugged his shorts back up and placed the bottle in the trolley. "You're pushing it."
"I thought I was pulling it?" He said with a wink.
"Are you sure you are not one of the ones who gets off on it? A voyeur."
"Only sometimes." Tim grinned. They finished the shopping and Sally insisted on paying. Tim had actually forgotten his wallet anyway so he couldn't even offer, he would have usually. They would have one night of celebrating then that's it. No point wasting all the money which is essentially their early inheritance. Tim would need to buy himself a place too after uni.
Back at the house Sally opened the door and Tim did all the unloading. They had bought quite a bit but some of the food they got would be frozen for another time. When he had got the last bag he walked through the door, closed it behind him and stripped at the front door. He carried the bag into the kitchen and his Mum gave a little yelp of surprise. "At least you are at home now, I suppose." Sally was admiring her son's body. Lazily scanning it from the toes to the head. Tim smiled at her, Sally smiled back.
"You like what you see?"
"You've grown up to be a very handsome young man. You look just like your dad did at your age. Every last detail." At those words her eyes shifted back down to his cock. The words made it twitch involuntarily. Sally giggled at its motion. "Every detail." His cock twitched again and she giggled more. Tim turned his attention to the shopping, putting the last few bags of items away. He made sure the fridge was stocked with all the alcohol they would need tonight.
"Mum, why are we celebrating?" Belle must have finished the morning shift.
"It's a surprise love."
"Why does Tim get to know then?!"
"It was his idea. Want to just tell her Timmy?" Tim opened up the laptop and scanned the listings. He slid the computer to Belle.
"The current listings are at £4,873.31. Just some records that I picked out yesterday. And that doesn't include the 2.5k you already sold before I got here."
"Wow." Belle was scanning the listings. "Do we have more of the same records to put on after these finish?"
"None of the same but others that will be quite rare too."
"The money we make on all of your Dad's stuff, Izzy, after all the fees are paid, we are splitting it three ways."
"What, no it's yours Mum."
"Tim said the same. Your Dad would have wanted you two to have some. Tim is going to handle all of the selling. I will do all the posting of the stuff and I would like you to do the packing if you are okay with that? So we are all a part of it. It's all ours."
"Okay, sounds like a plan. See you've got yourself comfortable again." Belle said in reference to Tims cock which was brushing the kitchen table. "Bit unhygienic don't you think?" Tim scooted back from the table and bumped into the cupboards behind him.
"Sorry."
"We'll get used to it." Belle was looking at him, glancing over his body. "I am starting to feel the normality of it already."
"The little git got his arse out in the shop."
"Mum!"
"Little Timmy showing off his bum bum. Pervert."
"Shut up or I will show it to you too, and I won't hold back."
"Whatever that means."
"Pack it in you two."
Tim flicked on the kettle. "Want a coffee?" He held up the cafetiere to Belle.
"Sure." Tim sat the coffee down in front of them and set two mugs next to it. Belle made to plunge it.
"Give it a minute." Belle's hand retreated. "When are you back at work?"
"Only got an hour break today, so in about 20 mins I need to be back up there but finish at 4 today. Well 'should' finish."
"Do you always have to work overtime or is it optional?"
"Well if you have started a job you need to finish it really. You shouldn't leave it half done. I try to pick easier ones towards the end of the day but sometimes you don't know what you are going in for. Like when I end up with something Jed has "fixed" It takes me ages to sift through all the shite he has left behind."
"Ahh I see. Surely you could just bullshit it and say it took you 5 hours of overtime and your computer was just sitting there running."
"They monitor all the activity. So if I dont key an input for more than 10 minutes, the clock pauses. And there can't be anymore than three of those in a three hour period or you get deducted an hour's overtime. It's a good system they have so I wouldn't even try to cheat it."
"Yeah must have had to add all this because someone took them to town on overtime."
"Probably." Tim slid the laptop back to him and dealt with any questions the bidders had asked. He understood that clear and quick communication was needed, especially as some of these collectors were spending thousands on one old record. At two Belle said goodbye and went back to work. Tim and Sally organised what needed prepping for the curry. She liked to make them from scratch. She made a list of veg for Tim to prepare later.
"I'm gonna go look for the next batch of stuff to list."
"Okay love. Give me a shout if you need me." Tim walked to the stairs. He could feel his Mum's eyes drilling into his back. Tim spent about an hour searching through the boxes that were marked vinyl. Now that the bed was out of the room he at least had a bit of space to lay out the contents of the boxes as he sorted them. He filled some empty boxes with the next four batches of listings. He was on his knees pushing some of the sorted boxes against the walls when the door clicked open. "What a sight." Tim laid his chest to the ground to really give his Mum a proper look. "You're an animal. You finished?" Tim spun and sat on his heels.
"Yeah that'll do."
"Come and prep the veg then." Tim stood and followed his Mum down the hall to the stairs. She turned as they were walking down and she watched the way his cock bounced, she giggled and turned forward. Tim washed his hands and started prepping the veg. Sally approached him from behind and held a pinny over him and brought it down Tim moved his hands. He let her tie it behind his back, he could feel her fingers just above his arse. "Bit more hygienic I think." Tim stepped away from the worktop and looked at the garment. It was a tiny pinny, the kind you would see in a french maids outfit.
"Reckon I know what this is off."
"I don't know what you mean," said Sally, averting her eyes.
"You were both kinky buggers weren't you? Tut tut." Tim continued prepping the veg. Even before he had finished his Mum was getting the pan ready, oil in and hot. Tim stepped back and watched her work. She was very skilled, the way she constantly kept the pan moving so that the veg never got a chance to burn. He moved to her right to watch the motion from a different angle. He didn't get too close because of the spatter. He watched the motion. But another motion caught his eye. Everytime Sally flicked her arm to keep the pan in motion, her breasts jiggled against her top. Tim stared. The way they moved it was like a never ending wave. The thin fabric of her blouse betrayed her, Tim could see the slightest hint of nipple through the material.
"You're staring, Timmy." Tim looked from her breasts up to her face. She was looking at the pan.
"It's fascinating." Tim returned his eyes to her breasts. The nipples were definitely more prominent now. Were her nipples hard? Tim felt the beginnings of an erection.
"Dish up the rice Tim." Tim did so but kept glancing back to his mothers breasts. Sally added sauce to the pan and continued the motions. Tim stared, eyes wide open. Taking in the movement of her breasts and savouring the moment. Sally turned the burner off and moved the pan to the plates that lay prepared on the sides and poured a generous portion of curry onto each of the plates. She turned to Tim, still staring at her. Her eyes were drawn to the pinny. The garment was being supported by her son's cock. Had she made him hard she thought. She set the pan in the sink brushing past Tim. She set the plates on the table, brushing past him again. She looked to the clock. 4:08. "Tim go and see how long Belle will be. Keep the pinny on."
Tim broke out of his hypnotised state, nodded and went upstairs. He opened the door, flicked the switch and Belle turned to him and instantly broke into laughter. He looked down, his erection had mostly subsided but it was the pinny she had found hilarious. "Who are you? The bloody french maid?!"
"Get this, it's Mum's." Belle stopped laughing and a look of shock washed over her. "Yep. Dirty bastards, our parents. He probably did her while she was wearing this."
"Tim! Shut up!"
"Food's ready. How long will you be?"
"Just got a 5 minute meeting with my boss then I am done." Tim nodded, left and went back to the kitchen. He pulled the bottle of champagne out of the fridge and set it on the table. Not really cold but it would do for this. He added flutes to the table and got three beers out as well. He cracked them and started to drink one. His mum had set the sides and sundries onto the table too. A feast. He placed the beers at their places.
"She won't be long, just got a quick meeting then she will be down. We'll leave the champagne until she gets here." They both tucked into the food. It was delectable as everything Sally cooked was. Tim ate several forkfuls of curry and rice then paused to take several gulps of beer. It was hot, Tim liked hot but this was hotter than Sally would usually make. He ripped off some naan and scooped some curry up with it. They were half way through their meal when Belle came rushing down the stairs, flung herself into her place at the table and started shovelling in food. Tim stood, grabbed the champagne and gave it a quick shake and popped the cork. It pinged off the opposite wall and landed in the sink. They all cheered. He splashed some on the table as he was filling the glasses but he didn't care. He passed two full flutes along and they all held up a glass. "To Dad. To Dad and all the shite he collected over all those years. To Dad and his shite."
"To Dad and his shite." The ladies said in unison. They all took gulps of the fizz and placed the glasses back down and continued to eat. Tim and Sally had eaten their fill soon after, they talked about the next batch of listings and Tim said that they were not likely to be as successful but they would still fetch a fair price. Belle finished off her plate and continued to eat, not leaving a scrap of the sides and sundries too. She slumped back in her chair and patted her abdomen, "Lovely that Mum!"
"Yeah it really was thanks Mum." Tim kept filling their flutes as quickly as they emptied. They were soon all on the beer. Belle did the dishes and Tim took off his pinny and threw it at her. "Put this on, it is more hygienic." Said Tim with a sly grin. Sally burst into laughter. Belle picked it off her shoulder with the face of utmost disgust and chucked it towards the utility door.
"That's touched your winky, I'm not going anywhere near it."
"You just touched it."
"Oo er, just touched his winky did you Izzy?" Sally giggled
"Mum! Grim!" Belle finished up the dishes and sat back at the table bringing three fresh beers with her. "Tell us how you came to acquire such an interesting article of clothing mother dearest."
"Oh wouldn't you like to know." Sally was only joking with them but she was definitely becoming more relaxed and open to talking to her children about this kind of stuff. The fact that the kids seemed so interested in it helped a lot too. "Well, it must have been a few years ago now. Probably your Dad's birthday or maybe Christmas, I can never remember, with them being so close together. Anyway, he had told me about a fantasy of his, wanting to have his way with the housemaid. I told him 'we don't have one dear'. He stared at me intently and said 'you will be my house maid'. He loved to take charge in a situation like that and he pulled out a wrapped gift and handed it to me. I opened it there and it was, this french maid's outfit complete with pinny and little headdress thing. You two were out, I forget where you had gone but we had the day to ourselves. I told him to go downstairs and watch some TV. I put the outfit on. Adding my own touch to it, tights and my most lacy pair of panties. No bra. I took the pathetic little duster that came with the outfit and went around the house dusting. He saw me when I was in the kitchen, dusting away. He entered the kitchen and told me I had missed a spot and pointed to the top of those cupboards." Sally gestured behind Tim.
"This is so hot." Belle was obviously not fazed that this was her Mum and Dad engaged in sexual activities.
"Anyway, I dusted where he had pointed and the position probably gave him a good look at my arse. I "accidentally" dropped the duster and bent double to pick it up and I could hear him moving closer. I stood up and moved past him, making sure to brush up against him. I went to the utility and dusted the shelves above the machines, then got onto the worktop to reach them properly. I was on my knees. I looked back and saw that he had followed me and I could feel his breath hot against my arse. It must have been too much for him because he buried his face in it. I put on my best French accent and said 'Naughty mister. What would your wife think?' He stepped back and I gently swatted him with the duster. I could see how turned on he was but wanted to tease him some more first. I walked past him again and brushed up against him, again with the accent I said "'mister your phone, it poked me!' God, I thought he would take me right then and there. I went up the stairs and heard him following me. I went to my room and took one of my toys out and said 'Mister your wife, Is she not satisfied by you? If she does not satisfy you, I can help but we must be careful not to get caught.' This okay for you two? I know it's too much information but It's such a thrill."
"I love it. Don't need to ask Timmy just look at his little friend. Well not that little."
"Hmm..." Tim was clearly enjoying this very much if his rock hard erection was anything to go by.
"Okay. I got myself on the bed with my toy in my hand and pulled the top down to reveal my tits, he always loved my tits, obsessed he was. I pinched my nipples a bit, they were already hard but just did it for the show. I splayed back on the bed and pulled up the little dress and rubbed myself through my panties. He just stood there transfixed. I pulled my panties to one side and started to tease with the toy. When I stuck it in and closed my eyes I felt the bed move as he sat on it. He wanted to be as close as possible. I continued to fuck myself with the toy, he..."
"This is too much." Tim got up from the table and took a fresh beer out of the fridge and went upstairs into the office and sat on the bed. He had been so turned on by his Mum's story. He had wanted to be the one involved in that story so much. At several points he had wanted to pounce on her there in the kitchen. He didn't realise he could have such a lusting attraction to his Mum. He sat against the wall, eyes closed and drank his beer. A few minutes later he heard the knock at the door.
"Timmy is everything alright? I'm sorry I took it so far. I just got carried away." There was a pause and Tim didn't reply. "Tim? Can I come in?" He didn't answer. He didn't know what to say to her. The door opened. Sally stepped into the room. "Aw Timmy, I'm sorry." Sally took a few steps towards Tim and sat down on the bed opposite him. "Tim, you can talk to me. Tell me something, anything." Tim didn't look at her, he just looked down at the beer bottle that covered his now flaccid penis.
"It was, it's hard for me to say. It was so hot, I felt so conflicted. It was so hot, I was so turned on. I... I don't know how else to say this or even if I should say it. I... I wanted to be in Dad's position. I am sick. I think I need help."
"Aww Timmy don't be silly. You don't need help, you were just swept along with the story. It was just so intense. Don't you ever think that there is anything wrong with you. You are my perfect little boy and you always will be." She reached out a hand and put it on his knee. Tim managed to finally look at her. He was now looking at her in a much different light. She was more than his mother, she was a woman. A beautiful woman, who had needs of her own, just as he had. She lightly stroked his knee. "You gonna come back down?"
"Will you finish the story?"
"No, I don't think I should. I don't want any of us to feel uncomfortable."
"I want to hear it." Sally looked shocked.
"But I thought it was too much?"
"As long as you two are okay with seeing me at full mast then I would love to hear the end of it."
"Come on love, let's go back downstairs." Sally patted his knee. As he followed her he felt the blood rush to his cock as he imagined what she looked like naked, arse giggling at each step she took. They sat down with another bottle of beer each. "Did you want some cake you two?" Sally asked.
"Later." Belle said. Tim simply shook his head.
"So I am continuing the story?"
They both nodded.
"So I was sprawled on the bed with a vibrating dildo shoved right in me and your dad was sitting with his face inches away from my crotch. He had started to feel his way up my body, he cupped each of my breasts in turn and gently pinched my nipples. I was now on fire, I was so close to cumming. I could see the outline of his hard cock through his trousers and my god I almost came from the sight alone. It was only a few seconds later that I orgasmed, and he just watched taking the whole experience in. Tim you okay love? Want me to keep going?" Sally's eyes were fixed on his cock watching it twitch of its own accord.
Tim nodded "Please."
"So I said to him, 'Mister We must hurry, your wife could be home at any minute.' I didn't need to tell him twice he stripped in seconds and slammed straight into me. God he must have been so pent up. He was giving me his all. Really hammering me. I loved it, he had such power it was intoxicating. He bent me over the edge of the bed and slammed back into me, I remember him grabbing my hair and pulling back my head. I loved the control he had over me. He tugged my head back hard and whispered into my ear 'You're not getting paid extra for this you know. Slut.' God that sent me over the edge. I was a quivering mess. He didn't stop, just kept jack hammering into me. He flipped me over and looked into my eyes, I could see the lust and passion there. He kissed me. It was the first he had given me this session and my god I just melted into him. He slid back into me, more tender and loving this time and we made love for what felt like ages. He said he was going to cum and pulled out but I slid back onto his cock and said in my french accent 'We don't want to make a mess mister.' That did it for him and he came in me. I had already been close and I came again as I felt him spurting into me. We cuddled in bed and chatted about what a good time we had had. Well that was fun."
Belle looked over at Tim, he looked like he was in a world of his own. "Is Tim okay?"
"I think he is just really turned on."
"I can see that, Tim, you are leaking. I am to to be fair."
"Belle you naughty girl. Go to your room!"
"Yes Mummy." Belle got up and walked to the stairs.
"I was only playing Izzy, come back here."
"Yes Mummy." Belle walked back to the table and sat down. Sally had a mischievous grin on her face.
"Isabelle, I want you to get us three more beers."
"Okay Mummy." She got the beers. Opened them and put them at their places.
"Cake now?" Tim didn't answer, still spaced out. Belle nodded. Sally served up three slices and placed them on the table. Belle dived in straight away. Sally brushed a hand on Tim's face. She looked down at his still hard cock and the dribbles of precum that had beaded down the shaft. She took a finger and grazed it upwards along his shaft and collected a string of the clear liquid, brought it to her mouth and licked it off. Her grin deepened, she took a quick glance at Belle to make sure she hadn't seen. Tim was wide mouthed staring at his Mum. "Stick some cake in that gob of yours." Tim slid a plate towards himself and took a bite all the while only briefly taking his eyes off Sally. Sally tucked into her own slice of cake. Tim was the last to finish, his cock had finally deflated too. "More beer?"
"Yeah one more." Said Belle. This must have been close to her limit but the evening was still young.
"Yeah I'll have another." Sally got three more beers.
"We are meant to be celebrating you know? And it's a Friday, no work tomorrow Izzy." Belle nodded. Sally was still drinking her beers in big gulps. She obviously did want to make a night out of it. "To the living room?" The kids nodded. They stood up and made their way to the living room. As Sally passed through the door, she took off her trousers and dumped them by the door. They all sat on separate furniture, Tim took the armchair, Belle the small couch and Sally took the triple seater. As Sally sat down she heard Belle gasp. She had seen her Mum's arse as she sunk into the cushions.
"Mum, where's your trousers?!"
"Giving it a try again. See how it feels."
"And?"
"Well it's okay but, you know it's not much." Tim was staring at his mothers bare legs. He scanned her legs from the ankles up to her thighs. Muscular, not flabby, skin tight, beautiful. "Tim put a film on." Tim picked out another of their favourites, one Tim and Belle would watch on repeat when they were younger. Though Tim had other ideas of what to watch, he spent more time looking at and observing his mother than he did the TV. They all had a few more beers during the film, at this point they were all a bit on the wavy side. It was Belle that folded first.
"I'm... I, I think I need to go to bed..." With that Belle slipped from the room. The light from the TV illuminated Sally's body so Tim could see her quite clearly. The room became quite dark. Tim looked back to the screen to see the credits rolling. He looked back to his mother.
"What now? Another film?"
"Just stick some old sitcom episodes on." He looked back to the screen, chose a show and then looked back at Sally. She had taken off her top. Tim did a double take. His Mum was beaming. She did not look at Tim. Tim was staring, she was wearing a simple white bra, even in this dim light he could see the shadow cast by her protruding nipples.
"Can I sit with you?" There was a quivering anxiety in his voice. She simply patted the cushion next to her. Tim sat himself down next to her. He turned slightly so that he was facing between her and the screen. He took in every detail of her he could see. She was still looking at the screen but Tim could tell that her nipples were much more prominent now. He had an erection, it was just such an erotic experience for him, after how worked up he had gotten during the story telling, then when his Mum had tasted his precum. He wanted to see more of her, wanted to touch her, smell her, taste her. She had been swigging back her beer while Tim was gazing at her.
"Get me another beer." She said it as a command, with authority. Tim obliged. When he returned she had removed her bra. Tim stopped at the door. Unable to move. Fixed in place. Stunned. "Give me the beer." She ordered. Tim handed it to her but did not sit back down. His cock was pointing straight at his Mum. "If Isabelle came back down now, I don't even know what she would do." Sally sat back into the couch and spread her legs. She pointed to the spot on the floor in front of her. "Sit. Now." Tim did so as quickly as he could. She finally looked at him. "You like this don't you? You like being a perv. Like looking at Mummy. Don't you?" Tim nodded. "Say it." Tim shook his head. "SAY it."
"I like it. I... Like looking at Mummy." Tim said in a very quiet shy voice. Sally rested both of her feet on Tim's shoulders. Tim was in awe.
"You're a dirty boy aren't you. Looking at Mummy. Lusting after Mummy. Touch yourself. Go on touch yourself. I want you to cum. I want to see you make a mess of this sofa. Don't you dare get any on me." Tim was very hesitant at first. He felt like this could be some sort of trap, a way to get him to slip up and have him arrested or something, but she would never do that surely? Tim touched his cock, he was so turned on already. He started to slowly stroke it, Sally looked deep into his eyes. The eyes were flitting all over her body, spoilt for choice of what to look at. He could already feel his orgasm building rapidly. "Dirty boy touching yourself to Mummies body. You like it don't you" Tim nodded. "Good. I want to see you paint this sofa with your cum. Don't disappoint Mummy."
"Yes Mummy. Nearly. There."
"Such a handsome young man you have become. Do it. Do it for Mummy." Tim could see the moisture soaking her panties and his eyes found their final resting place. He couldn't tear his eyes away. She was wet! She was getting turned on from this too. God he wanted to just bury his face in that pussy. He was so close. "Do it for Mummy. Make Mummy proud." That was it. He couldn't stop it. Jet after jet of cum blasted into the cushion, splattering sideways due to the direct force of the shots. "Good boy. Good boy." She took her feet off of his shoulders. "Now go to bed. Not a word to Izzy. Got it?" Tim was exhausted. He simply nodded, still reeling from the post orgasmic bliss. "See you in the morning, I will clean up here then head to bed myself. Thank you for doing that for me. Love you."
Tim turned and saw the sincerity in her face. "Love you too Mum." Tim went to bed, struggling to process what he had just done. What had their relationship become? The beer had made him quite drowsy and he easily drifted off to sleep.
-----------