This is a continuation of the Naked Hubby series, they can all be read separately and in no real particular order, but reading them all gives insight to the life my wife and I live.
Anyway, in another episode I describe how during a visit to Chicago, my wife had me naked or near naked and in some pretty compromising situations and positions. You'll have to read the story to see how that one ends. This is the story of the drive to Chicago.
We had Planned a weekend get away at a boutique hotel in the city and were both excited to get on the road. We both finished up with work, raced home and grabbed our bags we had packed the night before. Throwing them in the trunk and hopping in the car we backed out of the garage.
The sun was setting and giving off a beautiful sunset as we made our way to the highway. After a few side roads we are finally heading north. Settling in and finding a good mix of music, we sit back to enjoy the 5 hour drive. My wife usually drives, partly because she enjoys driving and partly because she has discovered and completely embraced my fetish for being naked in public.
This trip was no different, looking at me with a twinkle in her eyes, she reaches over to the center console and flips the switch turning my seat warmer on to high. That is usually a sign that fun things are in store for me. I sat and squirmed for a few minutes until the heat became unbearable. With a flourish, I pushed my shorts to my ankles and kicked them off. Sitting in the car, in just a t-shirt and shoes, my previously soft cock begins to plump up. Taking it in my hand I help it fully inflate.
"You lasted longer than I thought you would" my wife giggles.
"I wanted to wait longer, but it was just too hot".
The sun hasn't fully set, so with the right angle it would be easy to see into our car and see that there is a naked and erect man riding in the passenger seat. Whenever I am naked in the car, my wife usually directs the way my cock is handled, directing me in various ways to touch myself.
Sometimes soft/light teasing caresses, other times full on jerking off. Sometimes telling me to take my hands completely away and having me put them behind my head, ensuring I am fully exposed.
She usually does this last move as she slowly passes a semi truck. This trip was no different. We passed a few trucks along the way, most not noticing, but a few blasting their horn as they looked down and saw me naked. Ensuring I was sufficiently humiliated, she'd speed up until the next truck was in view.
We had stopped at the obligatory coffee shop on the way and now we both had to pee. Instead of pulling off the highway as we normally do, my wife pulled into a 'truck parking' area, basically a rest stop primarily for truckers. It was early enough in the evening, that no one was stopping for the night and there was only one big rig at the end of parking lot.
Pulling into a space close to the bathrooms, my wife looks at me as I reach down to grab my clothes off the floorboard.
"Don't" she commands, "There's no one here, I want you to walk, not run, to the men's room and do your business, I'll be right behind you. When you are done, come back out and stand by the car, do not get in until I tell you. Do you understand?"
I tell her that I do, and reach for the door handle.
"Oh yeah, if anyone talks to you I want you to stop and talk to them."
"Fuck" is all I can respond with.
"Ok, you can get out now" she tells me.
We are pretty close to the building, probably about 25 feet, so as long as no one sees me, I should be ok. My wife is still sitting in the car, cell phone out and probably recording this. I get out and with my erection pointing the way I head to the bathrooms.
When I am about halfway there, I hear a horn honking, thinking I am busted I turn and see that it's my wife laying on the horn and laughing. I turn back towards the building trying to pick up the pace, and she just hits the horn a couple more times.
I am mortified, as excited and erect as I was I am now completely soft. I head to the urinal and empty my bladder. After I am done peeing I stand in front of the sink and wash my hands as I try to figure out my next move. When I am sure I have hung out long enough for my wife to be done, I peek around the corner to see if the coast was clear.
Well my wife was obviously looking for me. When she sees me poke my head out she calls out to me telling me to come to the car. I don't see anyone else, so, as fast as I can "walk" I head to the car. Again, I am about halfway to the car when someone stands up from behind my wife. I freeze in my tracks, but then realize how exposed I am so I hurriedly make my way to the passenger side of the car. I finally reach the car and pull on the door handle only to find it locked.
"Come over to this side of the car Bill, I want you to meet my friend" she adds.
Resigned to my fate, I walk around the front of the car and guess what happens. That's right, my shameless cock begins to chub up. I stop and stand in front of my wife and her new 'friend'.
"Nice." she says looking over my nakedness.
"This is Maxine," My wife informs me, "She drives that truck over there She heard the horn, saw you go in the bathroom and came over to make sure everything was ok. I had to tell her about our games and she was curious to hear your side of it."
My wife then blows me away when she tells me "I have to pee, stand here and talk to Maxine while I go."
"You can call me Max." Maxine tells me as my wife walks to the bathrooms. "So, tell me about yourself Bill, How did you end up naked in a rest area?"
"It's a long story." I tell her.
"I don't have anywhere to be, and I rather enjoy talking to a naked man" as she says this she reaches out and grabs hold of my hard cock.
I flinch a little, but she holds on tight, keeping me in place. About this time my wife walks back up.
"I see you two are getting to know each other" she giggles.
Max is startled and quickly let's go, but my wife calms her fears by saying, "Go ahead and touch, I don't mind."
Max puts her hand back on my cock and begins to gently slide her hand along the shaft. With her other hand, she reaches between my legs and caresses my balls. I'm in sensory overload about now, totally naked, out in public and a complete stranger is holding my cock and balls in front of my wife.
My wife shakes me out of my reverie by saying "What were you guys talking about?"
"Bill was getting ready to tell me how he ended up naked in rest area." Max stated.
"Yes, how did you end up naked in a rest stop Bill?" my wife adds with a giggle.
I give her a playful glare, but then explain.
"I am an exhibitionist and enjoy being naked, although I usually prefer the safety of our house. My wife doesn't like to expose herself, but she does enjoy having me naked and also putting me in situations such as this."
"What kind of situations Bill?" Maxine asks.
"I have been naked in our car during trips many times, both daytime and at night. We have explored abandoned buildings, the woods and have even done some clothes shopping with me naked or near naked in each instance."
"Ooh, sounds exiting" Max comments.
"Tell her what else usually happens Bill." My wife tells me.
"I usually end up masturbating for my wife and sometimes there will be other people watching." I explain.
"Mmmmmm", Max mumbles.
She is stroking my cock a bit harder now, and based on the look in her eyes she is as turned on as me.
"This trip we are on our way to Chicago for a little get away, and once we got on the highway my wife usually tells me to drop my shorts or get completely naked. And now here we are."
Max turned to my wife and asked, "Can he masturbate for us? I've only ever seen a man jack off in videos"
"I think he can do that, But you'll have to let go of him first."
"Oh yeah, it just feels nice to hold a hard dick!" Max says, while reluctantly letting me go.
"Bill you heard the lady, give us a show" my wife commands me.
I lean back against our car and grab hold of my erect cock. Max did a really good job of priming me up and I know I won't last too long. I want to get it over with so I can get back in the car, but at the same time I want to make it last. I absolutely love that nervous excitement feeling I get in the pit of my stomach when I know that I am doing something forbidden and this time for someone I don't know. The fact that another car or truck could drive in at an time, further adds to my excitement.
My hand makes a slow journey up and down my shaft, I am looking directly at Max, but she is focused on what my hand is doing. I can feel some precum leaking out, so I take my other hand, and using one finger I scoop it up. I look back to Maxine's face as I lift my hand to my mouth.
"Fuuucccckkk" Maxine exclaims with a shudder. "This is so exciting I just came watching you do that."
"Oh, the show is not over, just wait" me wife tells her.
"Finish up Bill, we really need to get back on the road."
I gladly grip my cock a little tighter and stroke a little faster. My knees are getting weak and I can feel my balls start to tighten up.
A couple more strokes and I erupt, my cum is spewing out like a geyser. The first shot arcs out and lands on the ground with a splat.
"Eeeeee" Max shrieks.
Two more long arcs fly out of my cock and then the rest dribbles out, and down over my hand to by balls. I am looking from Max to my wife, and when I make eye contact with my wife she winks at me and gives me a nod.
Knowing what she wants I lift my cum covered hand to my mouth and slurp all of my fresh cum from my fingers. As I do this, Max reaches out and wipes some of my cum from my balls and puts her fingers in her mouth. As she closes her lips around her finger, her body gives another little shudder.
"Wow" Max moans, "that was one of the best things I have ever witnessed. You guys want to take this to my sleeper cab and have some more fun?" she asks.
"As much fun as that sounds, we really do need to get going, we still have a few hours to go." My wife responds to her.
"Well, I have to go take care of my own needs now." she says. "Thank you so much, I'm so glad I was here and you guys shared that with me. I think the next time I pick up a hitchhiker, he'll have to ride naked for me!"
"Good luck," My wife tells her. Then with a smack to my naked ass she says, "Get in the car Bill, but don't you dare put any clothes on!"
I walk around to the passenger side and climb back into the car. As we head out and pass Maxine's truck, she gives a long blast of her air horn and waves to us as we go by. We wave back and then my wife speeds up and enters the highway.
"That was fun wasn't it?" Desy asks me.
"Hell yeah it was, I was mad when you blew the horn, but it turned out great." I respond.
"See, you just need to trust me, you were so focused on getting to the bathroom, you didn't see her walking around the truck. I figured a female truck driver wouldn't have any problem with a naked man running around the rest area." My wife explains.
"It really did excite you didn't it?" my wife exclaims as she sees that my erection is quickly returning.
"It really did, it was terrifying and exhilarating all at once, plus I got to cum, and that's always good!" I reply.
"Well, keep it hard, but no more orgasms for you, at least not until we get to the hotel."
The rest of the trip was more or less uneventful, if you consider riding naked in a car as "normal". I was only allowed to get dressed as we were turning into the valet parking area. Tune in for more stories as the Naked Hubby saga continues. Oh and please vote and comment!