All characters are fictional, over 21, and consenting to BDSM play.
It was Saturday and Val had already enjoyed fucking Tory several times before breakfast. Val was getting hungry so she planned to tease her wife a bit before sending her off to the kitchen to cook for her.
Val instructed her wife to fetch the flogger from their punishment and sex toys drawer. She did not need to direct Tory to crawl to the drawer, for Tory was by this time well-trained on her dominant wife's expectations for her behavior.
Tory replied, "Yes, Mistress," as she gracefully lowered herself over the side of the bed to her hands and knees. From there, she wasted no time in speed-crawling to her favorite drawer to obtain the requested flogger.
Tory returned to Val, kneeling on the floor by the bed, holding the flogger in her mouth. Val praised her wife, "such a good girl, Tory, now get up here and lay on your back for me."
Tory did exactly as asked. Val then took the flogger from her wife's mouth, freeing up her pouty lips, as she straddled Tory's face. Tory moaned in excitement, as she was always aroused by the power her Mistress wielded in this oral sex position.
Val had control over which part of her anatomy to press into her submissive's mouth, as well as how much pressure to exert as she did it it. Light pressure served to tease Tory, making her reach with her tongue to please her demanding Mistress. More pressure made it difficult for Tory to breathe as her mouth and nose were covered by Val's pussy.
Val settled into her face-sitting position with light pressure initially, as she placed her clit on Tory's tongue briefly, only to remove it and chastise her submissive wife for not pleasuring her. Tory recognized her predicament, but this never stopped her from continuously stretching her tongue, and trying harder. Meanwhile Val continued to tease her wife, bringing her hard clit in and out of Tory's hot little mouth.
As Tory focused on her desire to suck her Mistress' clit, Val brought the flogger down over Tory's beautiful waxed mound. Val continued to strike her wife's pussy lightly as she urged Tory to try harder to please her.
Tory cried out with each sting of the flogger to her sensitive pussy. She tried not to move, but the pain caused her to buck a bit on a few occasions despite her best efforts. Val instructed her to remain still and to spread her legs wider and Tory complied. Val then brought the flogger down on her wife's inner thighs several times.
Tory was grateful when her Mistress set the flogger down and lowered her pussy firmly onto her face, thrusting into her mouth. Tory hungrily sucked on Val's swollen clit until she removed it, instead placing her asshole on Tory's lips.
Excited, Tory lapped and lapped at her dominant wife's asshole. She circled her tongue around and around the little ring for quite a while. As Tory moaned into her Mistress' asshole, she dipped her fingers into her pussy to wet them and then placed her fingers onto Val's clit, stroking it lightly. Now it was Val's turn to moan, as she felt her clit swell and get hard with her wife's attentions.
"Yes, Baby, just like that, don't stop," urged Val.
Tory moaned her agreement and began fucking Val's asshole with her tongue, as she continued to lightly stroke her hard clit. Val's knees tightened around Tory's head as she grew closer to coming. Again and again, Tory stabbed her tongue into her Val's asshole, while gently stroking her clit with her skilled fingers.
When she could not wait to come any longer, Val shifted her position and thrust her clit into her submissive's mouth. Tory knew what to do, of course. She eagerly sucked on it, gently at first, allowing it to move all the way in and out of her mouth, applying light suction as she swirled her tongue over Val's clit.
Eventually Val directed Tory to suck her clit harder, enjoying her submissive wife's obedience and grinding her pussy into Tory's face until she came, her juices exploding into Tory's mouth and coating her face and hair. As always, Tory swallowed as much as possible.
As Val recovered from her orgasm, her legs shook and her pussy slid over Tory's face. Val felt Tory tapping her leg, buried as she was under Val's pussy. Val waited a few more seconds as she recovered from her strong climax in Tory's mouth. Satisfied, Val pulled her pussy off of Tory's face, allowing her to breathe. She allowed her wife time to recover before lying next to her and praising her as she stroked her pink, punished pussy and inner thighs.
After admiring her work turning her wife's pussy bright pink, Val gently toweled dry her wife's face and hair. She praised Tory for performing well and explained that she had greatly pleased her. This made Tory very happy.
Val asked if Tory's pink pussy needed some attention. Tory's pussy was a little sore, so she carefully explained to her wife that she had satisfied her earlier by fucking her so well. Tory started to ask Val if she was hungry, but Val held her hand over Tory's mouth to stop her from talking.
Val ran her free hand over Tory's nipples, playfully twisting and pulling on them to make them hard. Tory arched her back with longing, pushing her breasts toward her Mistress. Val took one of Tory's nipples in each hand and rolled them firmly. Then she pinched Tory's nipples hard, twisting them, watching her intently. Val pinched Tory's nipples very firmly for over a minute. Tory started gyrating her hips and crying out softly.
Val asked her, "Does this hurt?"
Tory bit her lip and kept her eyes closed. She nodded, whispering, "Yes, Mistress, it hurts."
Val maintained the pressure on her wife's sensitive nipples for some time. She enjoyed listening to Tory's deep moans and watching her beautiful hips thrusting into the air. She knew that the sensations in her wife's nipples went directly to her horny pussy.
Val then slowly asked Tory, "Baby girl, since it hurts, do you want me to stop now?"
Quickly Tory replied, "No, Mistress. Please don't stop." Tory's eyes were closed as she moaned and continued to move her hips, lost in the feeling.
Val spent a few more minutes pinching both of her wife's nipples, keeping them hard. Afterwards, Val backed off the pressure but continued to stroke them lightly and to gently circle around Tory's nipples with her fingers.
Next Val mounted her wife, straddling her, and began to lightly grind her pussy into Tory's. Soon Tory was moaning and moving her hips into Val. After teasing Tory this way for a long time, Val made her beg.
Knowing the answer already, Val directed her wife, "Tell me exactly what you want right now, beautiful." Val held her face near Tory's.
Tory whispered into Val's ear, "Please, please, please, fuck me now Mistress. You have made me so hot for you."
Val responded, "Tory you are a horny little slut. You just finished telling me how you didn't want any more fucking, because you were satisfied. How can you possibly need me to fuck you again?"
Tory assured her that she did, in fact, need it very badly. Her needy pussy was throbbing and needed to be filled.
Val instructed Tory, "I need to hear it, baby. Tell me what a horny little slut you are."
Understanding how she could get what she wanted, Tory's words spilled out. "Please fuck me, Mistress. I need it so bad because I am your little horny slut," pleaded Tory.
Lost in her desire, Tory continued to plead with her wife to enter her dripping pussy. "Please, Mistress, fuck this horny slut, she begged, desperate. "Your slut needs you so badly. When I ache for you this much, I know I am a dirty little slut because I would do anything to get you inside me..."
"My dirty little slut," pronounced Val. "You know, I don't really ask a lot of you, do I?"
Confused, Tory answered her, "No Ma'am."
"Sometimes I may want you to do something for me baby. Occasionally I may want to share your beautiful body. Would that be okay with you?"
"Of course, Mistress, I would do anything for you..."
At last Val pressed her fingers into her wife's slick hole and began pumping them in, pushing them up against Tory's g spot. It wasn't long before Tory came hard, holding tightly to Val as her pussy spasms
subsided.
Val held her sexy wife and stroked her lovingly. She told Tory how proud she was of her. Val told Tory how happy she was to wake up with her every morning.
Tory thanked her Mistress for her compliments and said she would work hard to make her proud of her each day. Then Val sent her off to the kitchen to prepare breakfast.
Tory cooked in the nude per Val's expectations, except for her apron, which tied with a big bow over her perfectly round ass cheeks. While Tory was busy cooking breakfast, Val crept into the kitchen to watch her from behind at the stove. She never grew tired of this view and it always made her want Tory more. Tory had music playing and Val liked how her cute butt bounced to the beat.
Val tip-toed into the room and slipped her hands around Tory's waist, surprising her. She kissed and sucked Tory's neck while reaching in the sides of the apron to grasp her tits. Val loosened the frilly apron and pulled Tory's breasts out the top. Tory became very excited and began grinding her ass on Val. Tory turned off the burners since she didn't want to burn the food.
Val let Tory know that she needed her to bend over the kitchen sink and spread her legs. Val wanted to see her submissive's ass in this position, while she was wearing that cute ruffled apron. Once Tory bent over and spread her legs, showing Val the best view of her gorgeous ass, asshole and wet pussy, Val could not allow her to finish cooking.
Val opened a drawer and took out her favorite wooden spoon. It was large and had several slots in it. Tory could guess which one it was. She figured it was Val's favorite because the long slots in the spoon reddened her bottom quickly. It stung, too, but usually just the right amount.
Tory was not worried about the slotted wooden spoon right now. Val noticed Tory kept her eyes looking straight ahead, out of the kitchen window and into their next door neighbors' kitchen.
Tory hoped they were already finished with their breakfast but she couldn't be sure.
Then Tory remembered overhearing Val mentioning their domestic discipline marriage to Greg, when they talked at a BBQ recently. Val was giving Greg tips to improve his sex life.
Val told Tory, "Well, my beautiful submissive, your sexy ass has stopped our breakfast once again. I know your pussy is satisfied but I just have to spank that beautiful butt."
"Mistress, I'm worried about" was all Tory could get out of her mouth before Val struck her right butt check with the slotted wooden spoon, hard. Tory moaned.
Val tried to reassure her, "I'm only going to tell you once to stay still and stop talking while I spank you. Don't worry about Greg and Kate. They already know you're my very obedient submissive and have been asking for a demonstration. Maybe they will get their demonstration this morning!"
As Val untied and removed the apron, Tory resigned herself to putting on a show for the neighbors. Maybe this was already planned between Greg and Val, she thought. Tory felt better knowing that, if the neighbors saw anything, they had agreed to watch.
Tory looked at the clock on the kitchen wall: it read 10:00 AM. Just then Greg and Kate appeared in the window, their faces eager and smiling. Since Tory was bent over the sink and looking straight into their window, the neighbors had a great view of her bouncy tits, as well as her facial expression as Val swatted her ass checks with the big, slotted wooden spoon.
Tory was embarrassed to see their friends watching her submission this way. She felt like she was behind a glass wall at a peep show.
Val alternated striking her right and left ass checks, hitting hard enough to cause Tory let out a little moan each time, but not enough to really hurt, unless she chose to strike the same spot twice. In short, it was perfect, and Tory felt her desire building again!
She tried to keep her eyes looking down at the sink, but she found it irresistible to glance up to see the reactions on their friend's faces.
Tory blushed when she saw Greg licking his lips and looking like he wanted to climb through the window. Kate, on the other hand, looked interested but also nervous as she watched Tory being spanked. Kate's eyes grew wider each time she saw Val lift the spoon in the air and bring it down onto her intended target. After that, Tory did not see her reaction because she closed her eyes, giving in to the pain and pleasure.
Tory felt the impact of the wooden spoon building her desire, although she had already come several times this morning. Tory forgot about who was watching and lost herself in the sensations she was feeling. She knew her breasts were bouncing with each of Val's strikes, and that her face was reacting with both pain and arousal, but no longer cared.
After about ten swats to each side of Tory's butt, Val paused to see that her submissive's bottom was turning a nice pink color. Val ground her crotch, through her shorts, into Tory's ass, while she reached around her submissive wife to gently pinch each of her nipples.
Tory yelped as Val increased the pressure on both of her nipples, which were extra sensitive due to all of the attention they had received earlier. Greg and Kate watched intently as Tory moaned with pain and desire as Val twisted her wife's nipples.
Val smiled and waved at her audience in the kitchen next door. She directed Tory to change her position, as she now wanted her to bend over the kitchen table.
Tory knew she was expected to crawl, so she dutifully dropped to her knees and quickly crawled from the window over to the kitchen table. When she reached the table on the opposite side of the room, she stood, spread her legs and bent enticingly over the sturdy kitchen table, grazing her sore nipples on the wood.
Tory became aware that her neighbors now had a direct view of her freshly punished ass, as well as her pussy and asshole. However, Tory was eager to continue her spanking and was not too concerned about the neighbors' reaction.
Val reached for some rope from the kitchen drawer and proceeded to demonstrate the art of tying each of Tory's ankles to the legs of the table. Tory's legs were secured and were pulled very wide apart, as it was a rather large sized table. Val looked out the window to see her neighbors watching in amazement. Val rubbed Tory's pink ass and gave her a few slaps with her palm.
Val pulled Tory's nipples out from underneath her and to the sides and gave them each a nice long pinch. Then she reached between her wife's legs and into her wet slit, ignoring Tory's moans. Val held up her wet fingers as a display so that Greg and Kate would know how much her spanking was turning Tory on. Val then had Tory suck her fingers to clean them.
Val wrote a sign with a sharpie marker and placed it in the kitchen window to communicate with Greg. The sign said, "once she's hot for you, make her beg!"
Greg nodded enthusiastically as Kate stared in wonder.
Then Val realized she wanted Greg to hear how she spoke to Tory at times like this. So she called Greg's cell and placed the call on speaker phone so the neighbors could hear everything. Once Greg answered, Val set her cell phone right in front of Tory, so she would know that the neighbors could now hear her, as well as watch her performance.
"Tory, you've been a very good girl until now, crawling to the table, bending over, and spreading your legs wide so that we can see everything! I'm sure our neighbors are very grateful for your little presentation on submissiveness. Now tell me what you want, right now, Baby Girl," said Val.
Tory was breathing hard when she answered, "Yes Mistress, I will do anything to please you. If it continues to please you, Ma'am, will you continue my spanking?"
Val asked her, "So even though your bottom is all pink from your spanking, you want more, Tory? Val lightly smacked her wife's ass a few times, causing her to moan with her growing desire. "Can you explain how you feel and why you want more, so Greg and Kate can understand?"
Tory responded, "Mmm, yes Mistress, I got very excited when you were spanking me and I thought I might come if you kept spanking me, especially with my legs spread so wide..."
Val encouraged her submissive wife to continue explaining, "Why does it feel so good when I tie your legs so widely spread, Baby?"
"Because, I feel the swats right on my asshole and pussy," Tory said. "Even though it stings badly, it feels amazing and it makes me come sometimes...."
"Ok, Greg, Kate, you heard her," said Val. "My submissive wants more spankings. Should we give it to her?"
"Yes!! We want to see more!" both the neighbors exclaimed.
With that, Val removed her belt and doubled it over, making a loop with which to strike Tory's sexy ass. Val showed the belt to Tory, asking her, "Is this what you want, sexy?"
Tory replied, "Yes, very much, if it pleases you, Mistress."
With one more glance out the window to Greg and Kate, Val then raised her arm and brought it down hard onto Tory's already pink bottom. Tory cried out when the belt landed across the middle of her ass.
"Count them, Tory, and then beg for another," directed Val.
"Yes, Mistress," said Tory, "that was one, thank you. May I please have another?"
Val brought the belt down repeatedly, as Tory counted and asked for more. When Val got to 10, she paused to tease Tory's swollen clit. Tory moaned, but knew not to beg for that.
Val asked her wife if she would like the last few strikes directly between her legs. "Yes, Ma'am, if it pleases you!" replied Tory.
"Beg me, Baby, ask for what you want," said Val.
"Please, Mistress, spank me on my asshole and my pussy lips! I need it badly. Do I have your permission to come, please? Please spank me in my most sensitive places, Ma'am!" urged Tory.
"As you wish," teased Val, "And yes, my little slut, you have my permission to come for Greg, Kate and I."
Val brought her belt down on Tory's pussy and asshole several times in a row. Tory was moaning and screaming as she came, writhing on the table and thanking her Mistress.
Val asked Tory, "would you like me to fuck your pussy, my greedy little slut, or is it too sensitive after taking my belt?"
Tory was panting and said, "Yes, Mistress, please fuck my greedy pussy! It is sensitive, but it is so hot and ready for you! Please fuck it hard, Mistress!"
"Now are you sure you're not too sore,Tory? Do you even remember how many times I've already taken your pussy this morning?" asked Val.
"Yes, Ma'am. I mean, no, Ma'am, I don't remember exactly how many times. I thank you for taking such good care of me, but I need you to please, please fuck me one more time. Please Mistress!"
"Tory you have been a very good girl this morning. If you had been having one of your attitudes that you get when I make you wait days and days to come...then I might have to reconsider....but since you've been so obedient, I'll reward you..."
Then Val spoke directly to Greg, "You see Greg, it's best to keep her so hot for you that she'll be obedient and sweet. For example, you can get her all hot and bothered in the morning and then send her off to work all frustrated. Text her and remind her she's not allowed to touch herself or have any type of stimulation or release. Have her go into the bathroom and take a photo up her skirt to send you, to prove she's still hot for you."
"Just imagine how much she's going to want you when she gets home from work. Or you can spank her in the morning on her day off, then tell her she's going to wait until evening to be fucked. I bet she's ready to do anything you like, sexually or otherwise, in order to get you to fuck her."
"Tory is really good about that. She's happy to give me as much oral sex as I want, to cook my favorite meals and to clean the house, all while hoping to get fucked."
"She only gets an attitude when I make her wait too long for sex. She gets pouty and less obedient. She starts focusing on all that she does for me, rather than what she needs so badly for me to do for her. At those times, another spanking or other punishment can work wonders to change her attitude."
"Isn't that right, Tory?" asked Val, teasingly.
"Yes, Mistress, you know just how to keep me horny and how to correct my attitudes!
"Well, my horny slut, are you ready for me to fuck you?"
"Yes, yes, Ma'am! Please fuck me!" said Tory.
Val entered her submissive wife's very wet pussy with three fingers and began to fuck her gently. Tory waited patiently, enjoying the feeling.
Finally she asked very nicely, "Please Mistress?"
"Please, what, little slut?" snapped Val.
"Please fuck me harder, Ma'am, if it pleases you?" suggested Tory.
"Very well," replied Val, as she increased both the pressure and the speed of her penetration. Tory moaned loudly and closed her eyes.
"Please may I come, Mistress? Please?" begged Tory.
"First open your eyes. I want you to see who is making you come," commanded Val. Tory opened her eyes and turned her head to look at Val.
"Look out the window, my little slut, to see your audience. Everybody is excited to see you come," said Val.
"Yes, Mistress, I am asking all of you to please allow me to come for you!" pleaded Tory.
Val fucked Tory slower for a few minutes and slowly increased her pace again. "Yes, my sweet wife," she finally told her, "you may come now."
Tory came immediately, gushing her juices on Val's hand. She looked over her shoulder and told Val, "Thank you Mistress, for taking care of me so well! I love you so so much!"
Val stoked her wife's ass and told her she loved her, too. She gave Tory her wet fingers to suck on and clean. As Tory recovered, Greg & Kate started clapping!
Val reminded her wife to thank Greg and Kate for their participation. "Yes Mistress, of course, said Tory, "Thank you both so much for participating in my session today. Greg, I hope you learned something about keeping your wife happy! Yes, I give up my power to Val, but I am so happy and satisfied in return!"
"Thank you, Tory," said Val. "Well, as you can see, my wife is happy *and* extremely passionate and hot for me. I accomplished this by training her sexual response to me, training her to submit to me sexually.
"How do you feel about all of this, Kate?" asked Val.
"Well, I am very turned on," replied Kate.
"Would you like to submit to Greg, Kate?"
Asked Val.
"Yes, I want to submit to Greg," she answered.