Several years ago, I foolishly met and finally married a nude dancer. Her ex-boyfriend had gotten her into nude dancing. He liked to watch his women dance nude in front of other men and have sex with them. He wasn't in love with Clarisse, but she thought if she did what he liked, he would eventually marry her.
I was thinking, "What have I just got myself into?"
Forty five minutes later, there was my wife on stage dancing. She just had on a teddy with a push up bra underneath that made her tits look even bigger and a thong. The announcer introduced her as, "the houses new feature, Clarisse."
She had a glow on her face that she only gets after having a good round of sex. I just thought that the drink the club manager brought by the last time may have been spiked with another hit of E or something, or that the stripper in the dressing room had done a number on my wife. I later found out that I was right on both counts, plus one that I had no idea that happened. Anyway, she got naked after her second song with her tits hanging out of the bra, and her thong pushed to the side showing her pink pussy lips. I must say that she did indeed dance very well to the music that was playing, but the big surprise was how she worked all the guys seated around the stage.
She would sit down and spread her legs as wide as possible right in front of their faces so that they could look right at her pussy. The guys would put bills into her thong and bra straps while trying and actually getting quick feels of her body parts. When she got off the stage again, she was quickly approached by several guys while she made her way back to me. She never sat down when she got to our table.
Clarisse just said, "Honey, I hope you don't mind waiting a bit, I have some costumers waiting, so I'll be a while longer. See you soon!"
Off she went with one of the two guys that had sat down with her. Two or three songs went by when he returned, and another guy entered the room. And so on it went for about two hours before the same first guy went back in, and this time stayed for a good half hour or more. While I sat there by myself, her manager came by several times and asked me, "If she was interested, he could really use a good stripper like my wife at his club on a full time basis."
I told him, "Maybe she do this again."
He just said, "You just let me know, anytime!"
It was now almost three in the morning and after closing time. Finally I saw the guy leave the private dance room, but not my wife. She too finally came out of the area, naked again with what little articles of clothing that she had in her hands. I walked up to her and just wrapped her warm long coat around her and led her out. She seemed tired and a bit tipsy from all the booze that she had drank throughout the night. When we got home, she wasn't all that horny anymore, and she needed to take a shower. I asked to join her, but she said, "No."
She didn't even let me into the bathroom while she took her shower. When she finally came out, she joined me in bed with the lights out.
She asked me, "Brian, are you horny?"
I said, "Are you crazy! With what happened tonight, and having to sit there by myself all night, what do you think?"
She said, "There is something that I have to tell you about first."
She went on to tell me that when her manager took her back to the dressing room, he really started to work her over while getting changed. In the end, my wife was sitting on his face having her pussy eaten, when all of a sudden she felt four hands on her backside and a big cock pushing into her pussy from behind. She asked to stop, but once the guy had been fucking her for about a minute, she couldn't control herself anymore. The manager got up from under her, and the guy fucking her really went to town on her pussy. After about five minutes, the guy let loose a huge load of cum inside her. She said that it felt like he had pissed. She then found out that the other stripper was really the wife, of the guy that fucked her, and that the guy that had fucked her was the manager himself.
The manager then told her that if she didn't want me to know about this, that she better get on stage and then take his clients into the private rooms for a night of entertainment. When she told me this, I was mad as hell, but also horny as hell. My wife sensing this, got up and lowered herself onto my cock. Her pussy felt loose and sloppy.
I told her this and asked her, "Was his cock big?" She said, "About average!"
I then said, "Why is your pussy loose from an average cock when mine is larger?"
She said, "That's not all that happened!"
She then told me of the entertainment that she had to provide in the back room. All the customers that came in, if they wanted and paid for, got to have sexual favors done to them. A straight dance with grabbing was twenty bucks. Hand jobs, were forty. Blowjobs were sixty. And of course I knew what was coming next, fucking was one hundred.
I then asked her, "How many guys were there?"
She said, "All night, twelve in all, but that she didn't have sex with all of them."
I asked, "Well how many did you?"
She said, "Four blow jobs, and the sex was with two other guys, with one fucking her twice."
I asked, "Who fucked her twice?"
She said, "The last guy that came in, the one that hit on me in the beginning."
I said, "Yes I know, because I saw him enter and leave about forty five minutes later at the end of the night, and when you came out, you had that 'just fucked look' on you face as you did when you first got on stage."
She then said, "I'm sorry. I just couldn't help myself, and if I still loved her to prove it to her."
After hearing this story and being horny all night long, I did just that. I turned her over onto her back, and plowed her used pussy for all I was worth, not once but twice in a row.
Let me describe my wife to you before we get started. Clarrise is about 5 foot five tall. She weighs about 130 pounds. She's not fat or chunky, but just enough fat on her that lets you know that you can load up and ride her hard. Some women are so thin that you are afraid to fuck properly. Not my Clarisse. She has a great sets of legs and a nice round ass. Not too big, and not too small. Just right! Every guy that has fucked her has always said the same. Her pussy!
Her pussy to the day of our divorce was tight. Clarisse can fuck the largest cock in the group, and then ride the guy with the smallest and give the guy a very nice tight fit. She can also take on any sized cock. Clarisse may need to get fucked by a couple of guys to loosen her up a bit, but she has taken on every sized cock you can think of, right down to the balls. Her tits are very soft and succulent. The size is another asset. They are big enough to jiggle, but small enough to get into your mouth. Clarisse loves having them handled and sucked. She even sucks her own tits when she is on stage. When I pull them apart and lick right in between her cleavage, she cums on the spot.
For weeks the sex with Clarisse was hot and furious. We fucked like rabbits every day. I always got a hard-on thinking about her dancing on stage and her sticking her tits and ass in all of those guys' faces to get their money. The best part though, was thinking about the things that she did on the stage, backstage, the fucking that she got from her manager, and most importantly, the sex that she had gotten in the private rooms during the rest of the night.
While having sex with Clarisse, she would also talk and tell me about how she sucked off the guys, and how the three different guys fucked her. When we looked at the cost of our rent and our bank account balance, we soon saw that we couldn't afford to live.
Clarisse said, "I can work at the strip club every night until I earn enough for our rent."
I said, "You are going to work at the strip club dancing naked and having sex with other men, no doubt, in the private rooms to pay for our rent."
Clarisse said, "Yes! Isn't that a great idea, and besides, you really enjoyed all the stories and sex after the last time."
She did have a point, but to have her doing this to get money for our rent was like pimping her out, and even though she made four hundred that night, she could make more by doing private parties. I told her to let me think about it.
Clarisse said, "Okay, but it is a great idea, and that she could make the needed money in a only a few weeks if she worked hard."
I said, "Yes, hard on your back, mouth, and pussy."
She just laughed and said, "You never minded working my mouth and pussy hard!"
Well, after thinking about it for two days and the fact that our sex life turned right around again thinking about this, it was set. She would work at the strip club and become a professional nude entertainer. We went back to the strip club and arranged everything with the manager. He said, "She should buy some outfits for her to wear, and that I shouldn't worry, he'll take good care of her, and that she would make money fast with her looks."
I said, "Yes, you'll take good care of her alright, like you did in the back room that night!"
He said, "So I guess you know about everything that went on that night then."
I said, "Yes I do!"
The next day while at work, Clarisse called and told me that she had gone out shopping like her manager had , and that I should come home as fast as possible to look at the outfits. Clarisse was in the living room dressed like some hooker. She just looked up and smiled saying, "Hi honey!"
I didn't say a thing. I guess because my mouth was once again on the floor. Clarisse then said, "Come on! Get naked! I need a really good fucking right now. I'm hot as hell, and I need another good fucking."
I must say that when I looked down at my cock, it was standing at full attention just thinking about fucking the shit out of this chick dressed like a whore. Well, Clarisse just laid me on the floor, and as soon as my cock was out of my pants, she impaled herself on my cock and just rode me like a bronco on fire. Clarisse kept pulling and squeezing her tits to get both me, and herself off. Let's just say it didn't take long for both of us to cum. When I got up off the floor, I noticed that there were numerous outfits lying on the couch.
I asked her, "How much did she spend on all these outfits?"
Clarisse said, "Not much! Not much at all."
"Not much! All of these outfits must have cost hundreds maybe even a thousand or more dollars."
She said, "I worked out a deal at the adult shop with the owner, and some are just on loan for a couple of days."
That's when I remembered that she said that she needed to get fucked again!
I said, "So you fucked the store owner for these outfits?"
Clarisse said, "Yes! I fucked the store owner not once, but twice, as well as a customer."
Clarisse then went on telling me how she was in the store looking for some outfits, when another customer, some guy, had come into the store to do the same. The guy had picked out some outfits, but didn't know how they would look, so my wife offered to model the outfits for him for a small fee. The fee was that he buys her this sexy outfit. The deal was set and the owner closed the shop for the private viewing. To make a long story short, Clarisse, the customer, and the store owner, got so worked up with her modeling several outfits, the two guys double penetrated my wife.
While talking about this, Clarisse had yet to put her bra and top back on, so while they talked, the two of them got hot and bothered again, and so they fucked again on the store floor and counter. I couldn't blame the guy. I've never been able to keep from getting a hard-on while my wife stood in front of me with her huge tits in hand reach. Clarisse said that when she got home, she was so horny from being fucked by the two guys, she just couldn't wait for me to get home and fuck her used pussy.
I told her that I couldn't believe the whore that she had become so fast. Oh! I also forgot to tell you that while she was telling me this story, my cock was back to full attention, and that I once again was hammering it in and out of her used pussy for the second time in less than an hour. Here she was getting fucked for the fifth time today by three guys. I told Clarisse that she could easily do a gang of guys at once.
Her answer was, "I know! And I'm looking forward to doing it soon!"
I called her my slut-wife. Clarisse smiled and said, "That's no way to talk about your wife, and about her new career is it? Besides, you enjoy it, I enjoy it, as well as all the guys that are going to be fucking your wife."
I said, "You do have a point there!"
She then said, " Come on and let's fuck! I've got to get ready soon."
While we were fucking, my wife told me not to blow my load in her cunt so that it stayed clean, but that I should blow it across her face. When the time came, I did just that. I stood up while she was on her knees, with my dick aimed right at her face, and just let it fly. Clarisse was squeezing her huge tits and pulling on her nipples. I must say it was a big load. Maybe because of the thought that she was going to get fucked by other guys, or maybe because it was the first load of the day, either way, it landed across her eyes, nose, hair, and into her open mouth.
There was so much, it also ran down onto her neck and tits. Her being the nasty whore that she had become, scooped up as much of the cum with her hands and fingers and eat it with a smile. This got me so hot and horny again watching her, I wanted to fuck her again.
Clarisse said, "Sorry honey, but Kayla will be home soon. You can have some more of me later when I get home from dancing!"
When she left, my cock was still hard as a rock. 2 a.m. turned to 4 a.m.. Four turned to five. Five turned to six, and six turned to seven. My cock was still rock hard and I was starting to worry about my wife. I got Kayla off to school when Clarisse called saying that she got a little delayed and was on her way home.
When my wife got home, she was wearing a rain coat on that covered her down to her knees, which she dropped to the floor when she walked in through the door. Clarisse was naked. Let me tell you, she looked like she got the shit fucked out of her. Her long hair was a mess; she had dried or drying cum in her hair, on her face and tits, with cum running out of her pussy like a river. She sat down and started to tell me that she danced a little at first. Then she stated getting fucked by three guys. Then she danced some more, and got fucked by two guys some more. Then, once again, she danced some more, and finally, got fucked again by three more guys.
Then she said, "Honey, if you want to still fuck me, you better fuck my ass because it's the tightest and least used of my holes today. If not, I'm going to go and take a shower and clean up my pussy."
I had only fucked her ass once before. Now she was talking as if it was nothing at all to fuck her ass. The last time she cried all through it. Now, she was apparently doing it quite often!
Clarisse kept on saying, "Fuck me harder, Brian.....drill my ass....you mother fucker." I wondered who else was fucking her ass?
I just bent her over and fucked her ass. I held onto her tits and plowed her ass for all I was worth. After all, I'd been horny and waiting for several hours while she was fucking the other guys. It only took me about 10 minutes to dump my load, but during this time, I just couldn't believe the amount of cum that came out of her pussy and pooled on the floor.
She told me that, "The two new guys came like a fountain each time, and that they really filled up my pussy each time." She also said, "One of the guys was hung like a horse, and I was able to take his whole cock after I had a round with each of the two other guys. And the guy was just in love with my jiggling tits and never took his hands off them."
I looked a little closer at her tits and I could see some bite marks and fingerprints on them.
Clarisse said, "Oh Yea! The guy really worked over my tits good and hard. When the guy plowed my pussy on each down thrust, my toes would curl each time, with me having a couple of orgasms each time that he fucked me, before he unloaded his load inside me."
When I finished, she got up and said, "Wow! I think I've had enough practice for tomorrow night. And honey, Phil, my manger, wants to come by on Sunday to talk to us about me getting into photo shoots and even some porn movies. He said he had a lot of connections in the business."
I just said, "Well maybe! But, we'll see."
Well, Clarisse did do some porn movies and photo shoots. We eventually got divorced, but not until after she gave birth to a son. I'm now raising him in Texas, but I was never sure he was really mine!