This all started out as a drunken dare. Suzi and I had been drinking at the hotel bar as a particularly poor cabaret act tried to entertain the hotel residents. It was a sub par performance from the act, which was surprising as most of the acts on Tenerife are usually very entertaining.
Now I was fully aware of how bad the entertainment was, and although the lighting in the auditorium was subdued, I noticed a lot of the men casting furtive glances at my beautiful curvaceous wife.
She was wearing her usual exhibitionist tight revealing clothes, showing off her perfect body without showing anything at all. Her lycra mini dress was a shiny electric blue, which was very eye catching, but even more so when it was hugging Suzi's 36E-23-35 curvaceous figure.
Tonight she was wearing no underwear whatsoever, so as not to spoil the line of her outfit.
Her huge firm breasts were being hugged magnificently by the tight stretching fabric, clinging to every contour of her large firm breasts. Her pierced erect nipples were clearly evident, stretching the skin-tight Lycra to it's limits. I looked at her erect pierced nipples and thought, so much for not wanting to spoil the line of her outfit!
She had taken a particularly deep tan this holiday and her short blonde hair and dazzling teeth were contrasting beautifully in the subdued lighting. Her legs were crossed as she perched on the bar stool, facing the stage, her legs were shiny and silky smooth as I witnessed almost every man sneak lusty looks at my hot slut wife.
I informed Suzi that the guys were paying attention to her curvaceous figure and were all probably staring at her with huge boners, fantasising of sliding their cocks into her shaved tight pussy.
Suzi squirmed in her seat and smiled.
"I think they are just scoping the room as the act is so bad!" she giggled.
"I have to correct you babe. It could be the greatest act in the history of entertainment, but the guys would still be sneaking looks in your direction, as tonight you look unbelievably hot!" I smiled, stroking her smooth bare thigh with the fingertips of my right hand.
Her legs parted slightly, allowing my fingers to move a little further up her toned smooth leg.
"Sorry babe, but it's because the act is so bad!" she grinned.
"If I wasn't here, there would be a queue of guys, plying you with alcohol and trying every trick in the book to make a move on you!" I insisted.
"It's lovely of you to say that but it's total nonsense" she smiled, crossing her right leg over her left, revealing even more thigh to the secret audience.
"I'll make a bet with you. You go down to the pool tomorrow and I will sit opposite so no one knows that I'm with you. I bet you there are a queue of guys wanting to buy you drinks, talk with you in a flirtatious manner and I bet one or two will try to take things further and convince you to allow them to rub suntan lotion on your body!" I smiled confidently.
"I'll take that bet!" Suzi smiled "But if anyone offers to rub sun tan lotion on me I may just take them up on that. And if they want to buy me drink, it would be rude to refuse, and you know full well just how flirty I am, so I would expect them to respond flirtily. But you have a bet. We'll do this tomorrow at the pool!" Suzi smiled, licking her lips salaciously.
"The far corner of the pool is the perfect spot, as no one can see unless they are in that area" I informed.
We had a couple more drinks at the bar as the act finished. When the floor lights were illuminated fully, I could see almost every man sneaking furtive glances at Suzi. Some of the guys were with wives and girlfriends but there were a few tables of guys only.
Suzi and I had one for the road, as I watched the guys mentally undressing my sexy wife, then we made our way up to our room.
When we arrived in our room, Suzi pulled the tight dress over her head and pushed me on to the bed. Her naked body looked magnificent. The tanned smooth skin captured the dim lights of the bedroom, showing her shaved tight pussy glistening and slightly puffy, a sure sign that she was aroused. Thankfully Suzi had kept her high heels on as she knows I do like to fuck her with her heels still on. That night we didn't make love, instead we fucked each other like rampant animals. Our conversation had obviously aroused us, the thought of guys hitting on Suzi and possibly rubbing sun tan lotion into her heavenly body. Suzi came more times than I can ever recall, her state of arousal was so high. It seems she enjoys the thought of men hitting on her, touching her flesh while her husband is absent. We could be opening a can of worms here, but it definitely aroused us both so lets see how far it goes.
As my orgasm approached, I looked down at Suzi's orgasmic face and whispered.
"I'm coming babe!"
Suzi's eyes widened as she almost screamed with ecstasy.
"Come on my face. Treat me like a slut!"
This shocked and aroused me. I'd never known Suzi to act or talk this way. The evenings conversation and ensuing bet had left a life changing impression on my faithful wife.
I withdrew my cock from Suzi's hot tight pussy, holding the base and pointing the steel hard erection toward my wife's beautiful made up face. The first splash of thick come splurged across her cheek as her tongue flicked out trying to catch the creamy white seed. Her hand held the shaft of my cock as she slipped her ruby red lips over my exploding cock head. Every single drop of semen from that point on, slid down the throat of my incredibly hot wife.
Suzi was kissing and licking my cock like never before, ensuring my cock was as clean as could be. She removed my cock from her mouth and held the shaft, rubbing my length on her cum drenched cheek, wiping all of my spunk onto my cock, then placing my cock into her mouth as she cleaned every drop off my cock.
Kicking her shoes off, she slid underneath the single cotton sheet, her huge breasts still revealed against the white back drop of the cotton sheet. I slid beneath the sheet to join her as we moved closer together, holding each other and falling into a deep satisfying sleep.
When I woke the next morning, Suzi was in her dressing gown, feasting away on the room service breakfast she had ordered. Hot steaming fresh coffee was poured into two cups, croissants, orange juice and a selection of local fruits were on a tray as Suzi broke her croissant, sipping her piping hot coffee.
I climbed out of bed totally naked, moving over toward the breakfast table. Suzi had already been showered and her dressing gown had fell open slightly, revealing her perfect breasts and just a hint of her shaved pussy.
I picked up a croissant, took a sip of my coffee, then chewed the end off the croissant.
"You do remember we have a little wager today" Suzi smiled quite pleased with herself.
"You should go to the are you mentioned on your own and set up a lounger for yourself. I'll come down a few minutes later and position myself opposite and then we'll see what occurs" Suzi stated methodically.
"I'll finish breakfast, jump in the shower and head down" I responded, stating my itinerary.
"That will give me just enough time to get ready!" Suzi smiled, but this smile was a confident cheeky smile with just a hint of mischief.
I devoured the croissant, gulped the coffee then jumped in the shower with my toothbrush in my mouth to save time.
I was in and out in no time, slipped into my swim shorts, flip flops, grabbed a towel, a book, some sun tan lotion and placed my dark Ray Bans on and headed down to the pool. As I closed the door behind me, Suzi was still naked, applying make up. I had no idea what she would be wearing for our wager. I was. Hoping she wasn't going to wear something understated, I wanted the tight sexy revealing outfits.
I eventually arrived at the section of pool I decided would be best, to find it totally abandoned. There were quite a few people gathered around the main area, but this secluded area seemed deserted. I placed my towel on the sun lounge, my book on the small table to my right and stretched out on the comfortable sun lounger, position the seat in an upward position so I would have a good view of Suzi.
The waiter came over and I ordered a cocktail, when I heard the distinctive clip clop of high heels directly behind me. Suzi turned the corner wearing the tiniest gold lame bikini in a stretchy Lycra material. Two small triangles barely covered her erect pierced nipples and the thong bottoms separated her perfect ass cheeks. She spread her towel over her bed directly opposite mine, then turned her body toward me. Her thong bottoms were so tight, the shape of her shaved pussy was evident. The tight slit was separating due to the tightness of her thong as she sat on her lounger at the bottom. Her legs were parted, sowing me her tight shaved but covered slit, as she parted her high heels, then slid back onto the sun lounger.
Suzi was also in a sitting position, her large firm breasts jutting from her rib cage. She opened her legs once more, the gold shiny material, hugging the smoothness of her delectable slit.
"Is anyone using this?"
A tall blonde Scandinavian looking man asked Suzi, regarding the lounger next to her.
"No feel free it's all yours" she said, brushing imaginary debris from her perfect breasts.
He placed his towel on the sun lounger then picked up a bottle of Hawaiian Tropic sun tan oil.
"I couldn't trouble you to put this on my back could I?" He asked in a genuine tone.
Suzi looked up at his surfer body and nodded seductively.
He handed Suzi the bottle and sat on her lounger with his back to her. Suzi opened the bottle and poured the oil into the palm of her right hand. She placed her right hand on his right shoulder and began to smooth the running oil into his broad back. I'd won the bet with only seconds on the clock, although she was rubbing oil into him and not the other way around was merely a technicality. Suzi pored oil directly on to his back directly from the bottle, gently rubbing the liquid into his strong flesh. She was taking an unusually long time rubbing the oil into the stranger. She'd never took this long rubbing oil into me. She was patently enjoying the sensation of rubbing the lotion into the stranger.
His back was now saturated with sun protection as Suzi handed him the bottle back.
Suzi looked at the blonde oiled sex god and smiled.
"Would you kindly repay the favour and rub some onto my back?" She enquired with a very sexy smile.
"I'd love too" the blonde stranger replied as Suzi turned onto her stomach.
She was still wearing her high heeled sandals, which added a touch of porn star imagery to the situation, as. The guy squirted a copious amount of oil onto my faithful wife's sexy back. The oil ran down her sides and down her back, pooling in the crevice just above her firm buttocks. His large hands spread out as he manipulated the oil into her soft feminine flesh. He concentrated on the centre of her back then slowly began to rub the oil into her sides and grazed her side boobs, causing Suzi to moan gently. His hand then moved to pool above her buttocks, as he kneaded her flesh, encouraging the skin to accept the oil.
His hands reached the top of her buttocks as he began to gently squeeze the flesh of her taut firm buttocks. Suzi didn't object or remove his hands, but instead her legs parted slightly as his hands gently squeezed her perfect orbs. His fingers spread out, capturing her buttocks in their entirety.
Suzi raised her buttocks ever so slightly, as her legs parted just a fraction more. Enough to show me the gold material that was covering her pussy and asshole. His fingers slid over her firm buttocks as his thumbs craftily eased into the crack of her ass. He moved his hands up and down her buttocks a few times, his thumbs getting ever closer to her aroused pussy and asshole. I watched as my faithful wife raised her buttocks a fraction more, allowing the blonde stranger greater access to her barely covered holes. Her hips looked like they were rising and falling slowly in a very sexual rhythm, as the strangers thumbs eventually touched my wife's pussylips. Suzi let out a very deep moan, letting us both know she was clearly enjoying this. I now that I should have stopped it at this point, but there was no way I could get up with the erection I was sporting. The blonde guy eased his thumbs under the tiny slither of tight gold material and softly rubbed the shaved opening of my wife's pussy. The cheeky bastard looked over at me and winked as he eased his thumbs inside my wife's extremely aroused pussy.
He pushed his thumbs further inside her hot tight pussy, pulling her opening wider as the material tightened on her clitoris. He removed one thumb, moving it onto her puckered asshole and began to slowly push his thumb into her ass. Suzi let out a deep throaty moan as his thumb penetrated her tight asshole. His other thumb was deep in her pussy as his middle finger found her enlarged clitoris. Suzi began to rock her hips more, encouraging him to finger fuck her pussy and ass.
She had her legs either side of her sun lounger, as she moved her knees forward, almost creating the perfect doggy position. Her new found friend began to almost finger blast her pussy, as Suzi raised her large swinging breasts off the sun lounger. Her head was thrust back with her mouth open as she panted her way to a very powerful orgasm. Thankfully most of the residents were listening to music on their headphones or blasting out from some phone attached music system, but this would not have mattered as Suzi was having the most powerful orgasm of her life, and didn't care who was in the vicinity.
The blonde moved toward Suzi's mouth and kissed her open mouth. Her tongue slid into his mouth as his own tongue repaid the compliment. His hand cupped her breast as she kissed him passionately. Breaking off their kiss, Suzi looked at him with a very crooked sexy smile and whispered.
"Come upstairs and fuck me!"
I almost ejaculated there and then, hearing my faithful wife almost a beg a total stranger to fuck her. I sat rigid in shock as Suzi and the stranger gathered up their belongings and headed off to either our room or his to fuck each other's brains out.
My face was flushed as they both breezed past me for the matinee of raunchy sex. Again the cheeky bastard winked at me as he placed his hand around Suzi's waist and headed for the lifts.
My stomach was twisting and turning with a mixture of jealousy, anxiety, arousal, trepidation and a whole host of other confused emotions.
I had to wait until my erection subsided before I could leave the sun lounger. After at least what felt like ten minutes, I climbed off the lounger and headed to our room. I waited outside the room, listening for any tell tale signs of sexual activity. Nothing was forthcoming so I placed the card in the slot and opened the door slowly.
The room was empty. They'd obviously gone to his room leaving me the added dilemma of not knowing what she was up to or when she would return.
As anxious as this made me, it also aroused me immensely.
I was picturing my faithful wife sucking this strangers cock, having it slide in and out of her tight pussy or possibly having him fuck her ass, which was in the realms of possibility, considering she had let him slide his thumb inside her ass alfresco.
I had never seen Suzi so aroused, she was acting like a total stranger, a wild uninhibited slut and now there would be no doubt that she would be getting fucked by a total stranger.
The images flashing through my mind tormented me yet aroused me to a level I never thought possible. My cock had never ever been this hard, and pre-cum was pouring out of the excited slit like a running tap.
My mind was racing, matched only by the nervous butterflies in my stomach at the thought of my once faithful wife, giving her body so easily to a total stranger.
Not only had she let him rub oil on her, then finger her once faithful holes, but she then went on to kiss him with such passion, right before my very eyes.
Then like a knife through my heart she told him to take her upstairs and fuck her!
At that point she didn't even know his name!
Suzi must have been thinking about fucking another guy for some time now, as she swept into the slut role effortlessly.
I needed to know what was happening, when my phone pinged with a text message. I looked at my phone and it was indeed from Suzi. But this was more than a text message.
It also included a photograph of Suzi on her knees, sucking the biggest cock I've ever seen, while someone else was behind her and I can only assume fucking her. She was totally naked except for her high heeled shoes which she was still wearing.
The text read "This is the best thing ever! My first threesome LOL!"
She'd not only went to his room to fuck him, but she was also enjoying his room mates cock.
I looked at the photo closely to see her left hand holding the base of his cock while her lips enveloped the head of his rather large cock. Her wedding ring was in full view, which tormented and aroused me even further. Her tits were exposed, hanging freely as both guys pleasured her.
Without warning an eruption of semen burst from cock as I fell to the floor staring at the photo of my unfaithful wife.
I texted back immediately.
"Take a video. I need to see and hear you!"
I pressed send and returned to staring at the photograph.
A text interrupted my thoughts as I looked at the incoming message.
"One of the guys friends is filming us and will give me a copy!"
My head almost exploded with shock. My faithful wife was not only breaking our marriage vows with two strangers, but she was starring in her own little porno, with another stranger acting as cameraman. No doubt he would fuck her before the tryst ended.
Another text pinged as I looked forlornly at the words on the phone screen.
"I'll be back in an hour when all of the guys have fucked me again. Love you x"
This would be the longest hour of my entire life.