Thanks for sticking with me if you've read the first chapter already. If not, this carries on the story and probably needs the other part to really make sense.
As per Literotica's rules, all characters in this story are at least 18 years old. Please add comments - I love feedback.
*****
It had been a frustrating week of waiting before I finally received a message from The Inspector.
I was in the Dining Room at school sharing a table with a half dozen other Sixth Form girls when my mobile vibrated to an incoming Text.
Still laughing at a joke Emily had made I took the phone from my pocket and glanced at the screen. Fuck! A message from Him! With slightly shaky fingers I opened the text. It was short.
'Did you enjoy your experience in the garage and the house last weekend?'
I could feel myself colouring, a heat rising in my cheeks and chest, and pulled closer the open sides of the blue cotton shirt I was wearing over the low front white t shirt.
A quick glance confirmed that my friends weren't paying me any attention, and I quickly replied,
'Yes, Sir,' before stuffing the phone back in the pocket of my jeans. Knowing Him, that wasn't going to be the last of it. Of course, I could have left the table to text Him in peace, but the idea of carrying on an erotic text conversation while sat at a table with my friends excited me. It hadn't escaped my notice that Mr Casters, the swimming teacher, had got the Friday evening tea duty in the Dining Room, and I wondered if he was also texting Him.
Before I had a chance to spy on my teacher I felt the buzz of another message, and dragging the phone out again I read,
'Did you find the experience sexually arousing?'
'Yes Sir.' I had to be honest.
'When you first arrived, which was more exciting for you, obeying my instructions, or thinking other people might be there to see you obeying?'
Thinking back to how I felt in that garage once I'd put on the blindfold, I re-lived how uncertain I'd been about whether anyone else might be present; revisited that thrill of fear and excitement, and arousal, of possibly being seen by Mr James and Mr Casters.
I looked around quickly to see if any of my friends had noticed how distracted I was, and if Mr Casters was using his mobile, but all seemed clear and I replied,
'I enjoyed the uncertainty, of not knowing if I was being watched or not. I enjoyed the instructions, obeying them, not knowing what was coming next. I enjoyed the humiliation of being exposed in front of my teachers, and hearing you all talk about me, in front of me.'
"What's up, Andi?" Startled I looked up to see my friends all staring at me. It was Emily who'd spoken, and I realised she'd made another funny and that I'd been the only one not joining in the laughs. Just then my phone buzzed in my hand.
"Um, I'm just messaging someone?" I replied, explaining why I'd tuned out.
"Andrea has a boyfriend!" Emily announced with glee, and too loud for my comfort.
"No, it's not like that!" I objected, but she just repeated herself in a sing-song playground tease voice like we used to when we were younger, "Andrea-has-a-boyyy-friennnnnnd!"
I felt myself blushing, and opened the message from Him,
'That's a good answer, well done. Do you wish to continue to receive instructions?'
It was incredibly erotic discussing my sexual submission with this man while in the company of my school friends, especially when they were teasing me about a boyfriend.
"Have you slept with him yet?" asked Suzie, and Emily quipped, "Have you sent him any naked selfies yet?" and they all laughed seeing me squirm. But it wasn't nasty laughing, just a bit of fun. Most girls in our year had been sending nudies to boyfriends for some time, and I was pretty sure fewer than half of us were virgins.
I messaged back, 'Yes please Sir, I would like to keep getting instructions of a sexual nature, and I will obey them without question.' That set my heart racing.
Emily told the others, "I think Andi is telling her boyfriend how mean and nosey we're being."
Buzz: 'You will get a package soon. Instructions will follow.'
"Oh look," added Emily, "He's telling Andi not to worry, he'll soon kiss her better and CUM to her rescue ha ha!" They all laughed, and this time I joined in too.
I quickly typed back to the Inspector, 'Thank you Sir.' and Suzie asked, "Is he telling you what he wants in your next nudie?"
"Ooh, I wanna be there when you take the next one, Andi, please?" Emily said, and they all looked at me, obviously convinced that they had guessed correctly.
Feeling emotionally confused and under pressure, I blurted, "I'll have to get his permission," and instantly regretted admitting the truth.
Emily let out a triumphant, "HA!" as if that proved how right she was, and Suzie just grinned like a conspirator. They were good friends, and I knew I could trust them.
Just then Mr Casters ended the tea session and we all got up to leave.
It was funny how the three of us had clicked when we joined the school a few years ago. Maybe it was because we looked a bit alike, all of us a similar size with longish dark hair, though I was the tallest. Still, we were quite well matched, and we often joked that we should form a girl band, or be a backing vocals trio for some gorgeous boy solo singer. Apart from the fact that we weren't great singers, it was a perfect plan! It was no surprise to anyone that we would share a Dorm room, just the three of us.
"Don't you DARE take that nudie without letting us in on it!" warned Emily, and Suzie glared at me with her usual Don't Mess With Me look.
"One for all?" I asked, and they immediately quipped back, "And all for one!" and we high fived each other as was our habit.
After tea we hung out in the Common room for a bit, and nothing more was said about my boyfriend.
At about half ten when we were all in bed and just before lights out, my phone buzzed again.
'Why did you stay with your friends during our text conversation during tea?
Shit! Maybe Mr Casters was texting Him after all.
'Because it felt sexier doing it with them than it would in private' I replied.
'Did they notice?'
I hesitated, wondering how to explain.
'Yes Sir, but they thought I was texting with a boyfriend about nude selfies. They wanted to be there when I took some and I said I'd have to ask you.'
'Is that what you want, too?' he asked
Oh fuck! Here was the perfect opportunity to stop Em's selfie idea.
'Yes Sir, I want them to see my humiliation' that felt stupid, brave and possibly unwise, but incredibly arousing.
'They may be present but only if the picture includes each of them fully clothed standing either side of you. Use of a mirror is acceptable. You may send the picture when I tell you.'
'Thank you Sir;' what else could I say?
Although He texted me a few more times over the next few days, nothing more was said about the selfies, though I did mention that the End of Term Talent show was fast approaching, and that Emily, Suzie and I were trying to think of an Act, maybe a dance to a backing song. Since Mr James from PE was in charge of the Show, I expected the Inspector to know everything about it from him.
It was on Saturday that I finally got the package from Mr Casters, who gave it to me at breakfast in front of my friends, saying,
"Andrea, a parcel came for you," nice and loud as he handed it over. Naturally my friends were curious enough to spell disaster for a whole host of cats.
Putting it to one side as if I knew what it was, which I didn't, and as if it wasn't very interesting, which of course it was, I finished breakfast and took it back to our Dorm Room to open. There was no way I could stop Em and Suz from crowding me as we all sat on my bed. Suddenly my phone buzzed.
'Have you opened the package yet?'
I must have blushed, and was definitely shaking a little, and Em quipped,
"Is that him? Your boyfriend?"
Trying to ignore her I messaged,
'Not yet Sir, Emily and Suzie are with me.'
'Now is a good time for the selfie they want. I will give you instructions on where to send it'
"What's he saying, Andi? Is it from him?" asked Suzie.
Feeling myself go very red, I admitted,
"He says we can do that selfie, but you two have to be clothed and in it either side of me?"
"Ha ha I'm cool with that! Suz?" asked Emily.
"Lets do it!" she agreed and leaving the package we all got up off the bed and crowded into our bathroom, facing the large mirror.
Taking a deep breath I quickly slipped out of my t shirt and jeans, and Emily unsnapped my bra. Drawing my briefs down my legs I stood naked with my clothed friends. It felt incredibly sexy and there were lots of giggles.
"Ok, here goes!" I snapped a couple of mirror shots before we changed positions and took a few more, this time with Em and Suz messing about.
Throwing just my t shirt and briefs back on I lead the way back into the Dorm Room and told Him we'd taken the picture.
'Go to the following on-line account and post it in the Private Album,'
The next message gave the account name and password, and with my friends now looking over my shoulder I posted the best of the first few pics, flipped to compensate for the mirror. It was a nice one of the three of us from mid-thigh up, all brunettes, me the tallest in the middle totally naked, 34C boobs with their smallish pink nipples prominent, my trimmed bush so dark against my skin tone, an apprehensive look on my face. The other two girls were grinning happily, Em in jeans and a white t shirt on my right, and Suz in jeans and yellow t shirt on my left.
The other pictures, including where Em and Suz flashed their bras, I kept on the phone.
'Good girl. Now open the package.'
With us all sitting on my bed facing the parcel and me blushing slightly but thrilled with the 'good girl', I ripped open the brown paper and then white tissue and found .. A swimsuit. Just a mid blue swimsuit, a Speedo 32.
Frowning I picked it up, and messaged,
'it's a swimsuit? Speedo 32?'
'You may return the gift, but if you keep it you must follow my instructions.'
When I said I'd keep it he messaged back to cut out all linings, Em and Suz reading the exchange of messages, both of them fascinated by the tone of our conversation.
"That's some weird boyfriend you got there, girl," Em said
"Yeah, a bit creepy!" added Suz,
"No, he's ok, just not like, well, like most guys." My friends looked at each other and then at me, both wearing expressions that said they were reserving judgement, and I didn't want to offer any more explanation.
'When you have made the alterations, take a photo of yourself wearing it, neck down, and post it in the Public album.'
As soon as I had replied I got to work and in about ten minutes had the swimsuit ready. Once I was wearing it the three of us again crowded into the bathroom to look.
"Shit, Andi, its see through!" I had to agree with Suz.
"Yeah, we can see your nipples and everything!" added Em, and by everything I knew she meant my dark bush.
Back to the wall, I posed for Em to take a few pics, then we went back into the Dorm room and sitting on the bed I posted one to the Public Album as ordered, feeling quite horny now, and knowing that somehow people I didn't know were going to see that photo.
'remove your pubic hair, and take another,'
And that's how I came to be shaved totally bald between my legs. Em grinned wickedly as she read His instruction, and Suz muttered, "Excellent!" then went to get the necessaries.
In the bathroom once more I quickly dropped my briefs and sat on the edge of the tub facing the basin, left knee tucked under its rim and right ankle on the bath edge I was sitting on.
"Lose the t shirt," said Em, while Suz ran a bowl of warm water and rinsed the Lady Shave razor. I slipped my top off over my head and threw it on top of my discarded briefs, once again totally naked with my clothed friends, but this time with my legs lewdly spread.
After a lot of laughing and teasing and tantalising touching I was shaved and ready, and we again took the photographs of me from the neck down, first with the swimsuit dry, then with it soaked. Wet it left nothing hidden! My nipples stood out clearly and the camel-toe was very pronounced, the shape of my outer labia plain to see. We posted the clearest photo to the Public album.
'Once it is dry, put the swimsuit in a carrier bag and return it to the person who gave it to you. Well done, girls.'
Em and Suz exchanged looks with each other at being included in His message, but didn't seem to object.
We signed off, I stripped again and hung the suit to dry and again dressed in my t shirt and briefs I climbed into bed. The lights went out, but I kept looking at the photos now on the internet in Private and Public albums. Much as I enjoyed looking at the Private pic, I kept going to the Public ones, desperate for the number of views to rise above 1.
When I woke up in the morning, the number had gone up to 53, and after breakfast I found Mr Casters opening up the Gym.
"Sir, I was told to return this," handing him the carrier bag.
"Oh, right, of course," he replied, taking it from me and checking inside. "It was a sample, from when we changed the team colours?" he added.
"Ah," I replied, "rejected?"
"ha ha yes, of course. It was too, um, well not opaque enough! Can you imagine the scandal!" he smiled, making me think he would have loved to have his teams of teenage girl swimmers all wearing the basically see-through swimsuits. I could almost see the images parading across his mind's eye, all those lithe youthful bodies practically naked under his gaze.
Mr Casters shook himself from his reverie, smiled and went inside. I returned to our Common Room.
We didn't post any more photos during the week, but watched the view count steadily rise with a variety of saucy, fun, and approving comments. Most of our spare time was spent preparing our Act for the Talent Show. By the Friday evening audition we were ready.
Our slot was more than halfway through the evening. Peeking out at the audience from behind a flat in the wings, we could see that there were still plenty of girls in the audience as well as a lot of the teachers, men and women. Then it was our turn.
"Three Little Maids?" called Mr James, the PE teacher who was this year's show Producer.
We walked out onto the stage and faced the audience, half dazzled by the bright lights pointing at us from over head.
"And your act is ..." Mr James consulted his notes, "a dance?"
"Yes Sir," I replied, "That's right."
We could see him looking a bit sceptical as he took in our blue school trackie tops, short dark wrap-over hockey skirts, white knee socks and trainers. Once we started moving he would also see that we had matching brunette ponytails that would sway with the music.
"Ok, lets see what you've got," he replied, clearly having had enough of Dance Acts for the evening.
Em nodded to a younger girl in the wings and three of them came on stage, giving us each a bright red inflated party balloon before promptly leaving the way they'd come.
Then the music started.
A very well known tune ... Da, da-Da, da-Da, Da, Da-da-da-da,
Holding our balloons in our right hands, first we swayed, stepping right and left, then turned away from audience, then back. Then we faced away from them again, still swaying to the music, and with bold obvious movements unzipped our trackie tops and slipped off 1 sleeve at a time, balloon in the other hand. It was a bit awkward, but as the trackie tops fell to the stage our tight white too-small aertex hockey shirts were revealed, thin bra straps visible beneath, and plenty of bare skin between the short hems and our skirts. The audience liked that, and we got a few whistles of approval. Facing them again we stepped right and left rhythmically waving the balloons to our side and above our heads, bending forward from the hips and straightening.
Just when it felt like they might have had enough, I ripped off Em's skirt and after a pause she covered her small blue sports knickers with her balloon but not the wide gap of bare belly between the knickers and the hem of the hockey shirt. Then Suz ripped off my skirt and I covered myself with my balloon just like Em, and of course I then ripped off Suz's skirt. That got cheers and a few laughs, and we repeated the previous dance moves but kept our knickers teasingly covered by the balloons, feeling deliciously naughty on stage in a tiny shirt, sports knickers, knee socks and trainers.
The music faded out, and we bowed.
"Well, its different. Its fun and cheeky but needs more work to be fluid, but I'll clear you to go through to the rehearsal next week," announced a smiling Mr James.
We high-fived and grinned at each other, but knew we had a lot to do to make the Act work. We'd have to look on the internet for further inspiration.
It was a good thing we practiced more that weekend, because during the following week I had intensive pre-match swimming training for the away fixture on the Wednesday afternoon.
The minibus arrived at the other school about 2pm, and soon Mr Casters had the eight of us in their Sports Centre to change. Two of us each would compete in breast stroke, back stroke, fly and freestyle, then form two teams of four for the freestyle relay; basically five events, in that order. I was to swim freestyle and the third relay leg for Team A.
Just as we were going to the Girls' changing room Mr Casters pressed something into my hand and muttered, "keep your phone on."
Puzzled I carried on into the locker room and found a space and peg to put my things. Opening my hand I saw 'that swimsuit'. My heart pounded and dry-mouthed I checked to see if anyone had notice and quickly stuffed it in my sports bag.
Just then my phone vibrated, and checking I saw a message from Him.
'Do you still want to accept instructions?'
'Yes Sir, of course'
'You will wear the alternative swimsuit'
Although my chest felt like it was going to explode, I wasn't really surprised. I was scared. Nervous. Maybe even excited. But not surprised.
I went into a toilet cubicle and with some difficulty stripped out of the tracksuit and proper team costume and slipped into the revealing one, covering up again in time to return to my peg. Wrapping my towel round my body from armpits to mid thigh over the suit and leaving the trackies behind, I went with the rest of the girls to the pool.
We walked out from under the raised seating and viewing area directly onto the poolside, then round the shallow end towards the large plate glass windows that lined the length of the building on that side, turning right to the competitors benches that ran between the windows and the pool. The Home team had the first set of benches, and as the Away team we had the ones nearer the deep end. We all sat in a line facing the audience of parents and visitors who were above the other side of the swimming pool. There seemed to be quite a few of them, considering we were just two teams of eight. It seemed like it wasn't just the families who wanted to see sixteen nubile teenage girls in nothing but swimsuits for a whole afternoon. I smiled.
"Right girls, discipline!" said Mr Casters, "we will look like a well disciplined team and psyche out the opposition. So all of you sit on your school towels, feet and knees together, heads up, looking like a team!"
At least my 'other' swimsuit was the right shade to blend in with the rest of my school friends even if it did reveal my nipples, but I supposed that at this stage few would notice anything, so unwrapping I sat like the rest, glancing up at the balcony seating but I wasn't getting any special attention yet.
Just then the Home team girls came out in a line, all in step, carrying matching towels in their left hands, swimming hats on, bodies like fit clones in their almost black high leg high front swimwear. They marched to their bench, turned together, and sat simultaneously, the woman coach quietly giving orders. I could see why Mr Casters wanted us to look disciplined, not wanting to be outdone.
"Andi, I want you to swap with Georgina and swim the backstroke race today, Georgie you'll swim freestyle."
"Er, ok Mr Casters," I replied looking at Georgie, a cute slim blonde who looked as mystified as I was, until for me the penny dropped, and a warm glow suffused my tummy.
Then it was announcements on the PA and the event was underway.
We lost the first race, the breast stroke, coming second and fourth, and then I was up.
Walking confidently to the shallow end past my own team mates and then the opposition girls, swim hat now on, I turned left towards the audience to lane 2. I knew full well that my nipples were clearly visible, already swelling and hardening from their exposure, and that the light fabric wasn't supportive enough without a lining to stop my breasts from wobbling as I moved. If I hadn't shaved between my legs my bush would have been obvious. The walk to Lane 2 was too short but was very arousing. If the audience were enjoying my body through the swimsuit now, they were going to get a treat as soon as it was wet.
At the signal all four of us slid into the water, readying goggles and gripping the rail for the start of the backstroke; two lengths.
And we were off!
For the moment I was concentrating on a good start, arms and legs in a steady rhythm, rolling my body and gliding through the water, eyes on the distant ceiling and looking for the end-of-length marker ready to turn. Then it was tumble round, a good one this time, and kick off the wall, remembering coach's advice of hips high and smooth breathing and movement. A glance each way told me I was about even with the girls either side, and soon it was the other end-of-length marker. A few extra powerful strokes and I was home.
Rolling over to face the end, my shoulders under water like the other three, I caught my breath, working out that I'd come second. Then it was all out to make way for the Fly event. Pulling myself out of the water I heard a gasp from my right, and saw the other school's swimmer staring at my boobs, and I remembered I was basically naked in the see-through suit. Smiling to myself I pretended nothing was wrong and lifted myself onto the side, removing my goggles and swim hat, turning slightly towards the viewing gallery as I shook out my hair and then stood tall and straight, excited to be displaying my practically nude body to so many strangers. I wondered if any were taking pictures but didn't look up to find out.
Returning to our bench, my back was to the audience until I turned right along the window side of the pool, when they could see me in profile, hopefully getting a good side view of my right tit. It was delicious.
Once back in my place, again facing the crowd, I sat up straight with shoulders back displaying my tits while the suit was still wet.
"Andi! What happened to your swimsuit!" Georgie whispered urgently.
"Oh, I needed an emergency replacement last minute; this was all I could get," trying not to lie too much, pretending I didn't realise just how much I was revealing.
Georgie was so sweet, she decided to leave me in apparent ignorance, probably thinking I'd be mortified if I knew I was basically naked.
On the way home in the school bus no-one mentioned my swimsuit, but I knew they were desperate to talk about it. By the time we had finished the Relay event everyone knew, and everyone had enjoyed a good look, and I loved every minute. We actually won the last event, and I made a point of waving to the crowd and jiggling up and down in my excitement at our victory. I had been a wonderful afternoon.
Friday evening came round much too fast, and Em and Suz and I were still putting the finishing touches to our Talent Show routine as the curtain came up for the Dress Rehearsal.
I'd had a message from Him congratulating me on the swimming and asking me to dinner on Saturday evening. The distraction didn't help us get the routine ready.
Suddenly it was our turn. Mr James gave us the cue and the backing music was started. This time it was the Pink Panther.
We let the first refrain play, then stepped on from Stage Right, three brunette girls with ponytails dressed in trench coats and black heels and each wearing a grey trilby hat and dark glasses, stepping every second beat in time with each other.
Once we were centre stage we faced our audience, swaying to the music like last time, stepping right and left.
Turning our backs to the audience we unfastened the coats and slipped them off our shoulders, uncovering white shirts, then pulled the coats back up and closed and turned to face the audience. We were already getting cat-calls and whistles; word of our audition must have got out.
Still stepping in time to the beat we dramatically opened the coats to reveal a flash of school uniform, but modified. The white shirts were too small, straining the buttons across our chests and just reaching as far as the tartan skirts, which themselves were barely long enough to cover the essentials. Our blue/red stripey ties were halfway down, and our dark hold-up stockings were ripped, a significant gap showing between their tops and the skirt hems. More cheers, lots more.
Closing the coats we turned our backs to the audience, then opened them and again slipped them off our shoulders to fall on the floor, then faced the audience still stepping to the music.
In one fluid movement I took my hat off with my left hand, and reaching across my body put it over Em's middle while ripping her skirt off with my right. Cheers and gasps.
Suz then did the same to me, and I reached across with my right hand and ripped off her skirt while stepping back and turning round as Em took off her hat to cover Suz, and Suz moved her hat to cover Em.
The whole movement made sure the audience got a flash of both Em and Suz's blue knickers, and mine from the back only covered by the other two girls' arms.
Yep, they loved it.
Then the other two turned their backs to the audience and we inefficiently swapped who was covering who's ass with which hat, to many laughs, before putting our hats on our heads again, our knickers no longer covered.
In a dramatic gesture we ripped open our shirts and let them fall to the stage, leaving us each with a backless high leg school colours swimsuit and loosened tie, ripped stockings and heels.
Turning once more and covering our chests with the hat, we gave our final bow, and skipped off Stage Right as the music faded.
Mr James was waiting for us.
"Well done, girls! A bit risqué, but yes ok for the performance," he grinned at us.
Phew!
The next day was quite a lot of fun. The three of us were getting lots of congratulations from other girls for our rehearsal performance the night before, and even some positive comments from a few of the teachers who'd been watching. They all appeared to think it a lot of fun, and it seemed like word had gone round that we'd stepped things up from first audition to dress rehearsal, and there was an expectation that we'd step it up again for the performance.
Since it was Saturday, Em, Suz and I went into the local town in the morning doing some last-minute shopping, and by early afternoon we were all discussing my invitation to dinner that night.
The other two girls weren't invited, just me.
They were really sweet, wanting to be sure that I was going to be safe, and I assured them that my 'boyfriend', as they thought of him, would never harm me.
While we were chatting in our dorm room, I got a text from him.
'You will receive instructions from time to time, which you are to follow without question. Do you wish to back out?'
Em and Suz were reading the message over my shoulder as we all sat on my bed.
'No Sir, I don't want to back out,' I replied, and the other two girls exchanged looks at my use of Sir.
'Are you sure?'
'I'm sure, Sir; please allow me to follow all instructions you give me completely and without question, Sir.'
"That is one weird boyfriend you got there, Andi!" said Suz in her most disapproving voice.
"And you're one weird chick to go along with it!" added Em.
I just shrugged and smiled at them, but the look on Em's face suggested she at least might just have 'got it'.
'You will wear waterproof mascara, no perfume, and no other makeup or jewellery. Dinner is at the same house as before. A car will collect you from outside the school entrance; you will recognise the driver. Come in by the garden entrance, not the front door or garage.'
By mid afternoon I was ready; showered, shaven, waterproof mascara, no perfume just a clean soapy smell. My insides were again all squirmy as I made my way to the school gate, seeing a familiar car waiting. As I approached it the nearest window powered down, and a very recognisable voice said,
"Afternoon, Andrea, hop in."
Opening the door I slid into the front passenger seat next to Mr James, shutting myself in and fixing the seatbelt over my stretch jeans and pale blue v neck sweater, the large shoulder bag resting in the footwell in front of me.
We drove in silence following a different route to that taken by the bus of my other visit, but although not talkative, my driver was smiling most of the time and seemed pretty pleased with himself. I wondered just what was in store.
Mr James dropped me by the garden gate and I let myself in and through to the house, straight into the kitchen. There was a large sheet of paper held against the fridge with a magnet. It read, 'Keep your phone on the kitchen counter for your instructions.'
Putting my bag on the floor out of the way, I tugged out my phone and placed it on the counter near the fridge after sending a brief text to Em and Suz that I'd arrived and was ok.
Just then there was a commotion at the door I'd just come in by, and it was barged open by the back of a largish man in a white tunic and checked black and white trousers, a tall white cotton hat on his head.
Turning to face me I saw that he had a very large dark moustache, was early middle-aged, had sparkling blue eyes and was carrying a tray-like open box of foil trays.
"You're the help, huh?" he grunted at me. Before I could answer he added, "there's more in the van; pile 'em here by the sink," as he put his own box down.
A bit surprised I just nodded and went out the way I'd come, seeing a small catering van with the back double doors open, a few more boxes stacked inside.
Grabbing the top one I ferried it inside, then went back for another. With both of us unloading it didn't take long and soon the Chef, which I guessed he must be, was sorting the foil trays and decanting delicious smelling things into dishes, switching on the oven and opening the microwave. He was terribly efficient and I mostly stood by and marvelled, carrying out the occasional little task when asked, including carrying a tray of yummy looking hors d'oeuvres and another of champagne filled wine glasses through to the empty sitting room.
My phone buzzed.
"You better answer it," said Chef.
'Go into the downstairs bathroom, put on the clothes provided, return to the kitchen.'
'Yes Sir,' I replied, and hurried away.
Waiting for me was a hangar covered in a see-through cover, like you get from the Dry Cleaners. Smiling, I took out the clothes and started to change.
When I was done, my own clothes now on the hangar, I took a selfie and sent it to Em and Suz, trying hard not to grin. I thought I looked rather good in the white fitted button front blouse and very short black skirt with a tiny white apron, dark hold-up stockings to just above my knees, black heels, three-quarter shelf bra just visible through the thin cotton.
Almost as soon as I got back to the kitchen the doorbell went, and guessing what was expected of me I hurried to answer it, having got a brief nod of approval for my uniform from Chef.
"Good evening, and welcome," I announced as soon as I had the door open and admitted a slim elegant woman, probably in her thirties, severe short haircut but expensive, tailored black trouser suit over a cream button front blouse, minimal jewellery of diamond stud earrings.
She ignored me completely and strode in, making her own way to the sitting room.
No sooner had I closed the door when the bell sounded again, this time I admitted a couple of women, well a woman of a similar age to the previous guest, and girl only a little older than me. Again I greeted them with, "good evening and welcome," and the woman answered,
"Oh look, Clara, she's as gorgeous as he said!"
"Mm," agreed Clara, who grinned at me and kissed her partner erotically on the lips, then they both continued on to the sitting room where light conversation could already be heard.
Again the door went, and this time I let Mr James and Mr Casters in, who both gave me a charming kiss on the cheek before following me.
Wanting a little attention, I announced them as I led them into the sitting room, looking The Inspector in the eye while admiring his very smart traditional Dinner Suit,
"Mr Casters and Mr James, Sir," completing my performance with a little curtsy, head bowed.
Looking up to see what reaction I'd prompted I was met with total indifference, everyone ignoring me and making the usual boring grown-up party small talk.
Just as I was returning to the kitchen I heard the Inspector say,
"Its good to see you all here, I hope we'll have an enjoyable evening. I've planned a little entertainment, but its unrehearsed and unscripted, so we'll just see how we go. Now ..."
"Ok, time to get to work," announced Chef as soon as I got back to the kitchen, pointing to a tray of cocktails with a small name card on it. "Take that in, and be sure to announce every serving clearly so everyone can hear; its on the card." Chef dismissed me with a shake of his head and got on with whatever he was preparing next.
Carrying the tray in both hands I stepped through the sitting room doorway and clearing my throat, announced with a blush, "A Long Slow Screw Against the Wall?"
There was silence and stares, then the Inspector beckoned me forward and took a glass from my tray, motioning me to continue round the roomful of guests.
Having served the Inspector and the severe woman and Clara I heard the Inspector ask,
"How do you like my waitress's uniform?"
There was a pause, then as I offered the tray to Mr James he said,
"Almost as revealing as a certain Talent Show costume! Ha ha!"
"Yes, quite a memorable rehearsal!" added Mr Casters, as he too took a glass, and then the Clara's partner.
"Memorable how?" asked the severe lady.
"Oh, ha ha, it was basically a strip tease!" clarified Mr James.
"Yep, a strip and a huge tease!" added Mr Casters.
"You mean in the act the girl removed one layer of clothing at a time?" asked the Inspector.
"Oh yes, very hot, all three of them actually, almost too hot to allow it to go forward to the Show tomorrow night."
"Three of them?" asked Clara's partner, a little surprised and more than a little interested.
"Oh yes Rebecca, all nubile brunettes, ha ha," replied Mr Casters.
"That I'd like to see!" chipped in the severe woman.
"I'm sure I can arrange tickets, if you'd really like, Miss L?" added Mr James, looking to Mr Casters who nodded.
"We'll call you when we need you," and with that the Inspector dismissed me back to the kitchen.
I was all hot and excited, loving being discussed like that. I'd have to tell Em and Suz how much they were enjoyed, and that we were attracting our own little audience.
While the chef did more transferring of food to dishes, including what looked like a starter of smoked salmon circles with a little twist of salmon on top, served on larger circles of buttered fresh white bread, I texted a quick message to Em and Suz, telling them it was going well, that I was safe and having fun.
Just as I pressed 'Send' the phone buzzed in my hand.
'You may announce Dinner.'
Taking a breath to steady myself, I went through to the sitting room where everyone was still standing around chatting, and clearing my throat say as loud as I could,
"Ladies and Gentlemen, your host is pleased to inform you that Dinner is Served!"
Bowing my head I curtsied to the assembled guests, led the way to the dining room double doors which I opened, and stood in the doorway as they all filed past me to the already laid table, jugs of water and bottles of wine in the centre.
I watched with admiration how the Inspector effortlessly guided them all to the seats he wanted, nodding to me to push each chair in as the person sat, and to lay a linen napkin across their lap.
The Inspector was at the head of the table, of course, and at the other end opposite him was the severe trouser-suited Miss L. To the Inspector's left was Clara, and next to her, on Miss L's right, was Mr James. On Miss L's left was Mr Casters, and next to him on the Inspector's right was Rebecca, Clara's partner. Boy girl boy girl going round the table; Clara and Rebecca opposite each other, Mr Casters and Mr James opposite each other.
"You may serve the starter," the Inspector's voice prompting me back into action.
Returning from the kitchen with the tray of starters I blushed as I read out the card, announcing "Virgin's Nipples" before placing a serving before each diner and then retiring to the kitchen.
Chef was finishing arranging some type of pink jointed sea food into a V shape on a bed of steaming rice with a frilly skirt of green leaf vegetable. I was expecting a text pretty soon to serve the Main Course.
'You may clear away the starters.'
Once back in the kitchen I placed the crocs in the dishwasher and picked up the tray of Chef's sea food.
My phone buzzed.
'Leave your blouse in the kitchen, serve the Main.'
Taking a breath, I raised my fingers to the top button of my white blouse, getting an amused glance from Chef, and as soon as I was down to my white shelf bra which barely covered my light pink nipples, I picked the tray up again and in the Dining Room announced, "Spread her Legs," my top half somewhat incongruous above the tiny black skirt and hold up stockings and black heels.
While I was putting the plates before each diner I heard Mr Casters quip,
"Yes, that was how the Talent Show act went, first the shirt came off!" sounding very pleased with himself.
I returned to kitchen cheeks burning, but now guessing the plan.
Leaving the blouse off, I helped Chef tidy up and we started the dishwasher on a fast program, and he let me sample some of his delicious food. He seemed to enjoy working with a half naked teenage girl but managed to avoid seeming pervy, which was fine with me.
'You may clear away the main.'
Back in the Dining Room I cleared the plates, enjoying hearing them discuss my body. Rebecca liked my bra, but Clara said I shouldn't need it at my age. I was glowing inside.
Chef had his dessert ready, and we waited for the text message.
'Serve the dessert, no skirt.'
Back in the Dining Room I announced, "Bend Her Over," a sort of mousse concoction in different shades of pink looking like bum cheeks, legs and well defined pussy lips seen from behind.
I walked round the table placing each one, feeling sexy in my three quarter white bra and skimpy white lace panties, contrasting with the dark hold up stockings and heels.
"I never did get a close up look at her in the talent show"
"Oh I did, and it was worth it!"
"That doesn't seem right," interrupted the Inspector, " ... Andrea let Mr Casters have a closer view of you in your underwear, and Mr James too, in fact all the guests"
Tummy squirming but enjoying it, I stood at the end of the table between Miss L and Mr Casters, arms out, turning on the spot.
"I said a close up!"
I stepped closer to Mr Casters and repeated the performance.
"Mm, I can see why you thought it was worth it, Mr James."
Stepping closer to Miss L I rotated slowly for her, then walked behind her to Mr James.
"Yes, its even better than I remember!"
Loving the praise and attention I visited each guest in turn.
"You may go."
Back in the kitchen Chef and I emptied the dishwasher and restacked it, leaving room for more.
'Clear away the desserts.'
I returned, and having to bend forward to collect dishes, gave each diner a good down bra view, receiving a few "very nice!", "great tits," "good choice of bra," and from Clara, "she shouldn't need a bra," among other comments.
In the kitchen the Chef had prepared a well stocked cheese board. The last course. Since I'd taken something off for each course so far, Chef and I were just waiting for the instruction to go topless, bare breasted, tits out. Shit I was excited.
We were kept waiting. The guests were kept waiting.
'You may bring in the cheeseboard.'
Phew, let off the hook. But maybe also feeling a little let down. Then again, some of the guests were teachers, they had their careers to think of .. A half naked school girl serving them dinner in front of witnesses was hardly good for their futures!
Just as I was leaving the kitchen, my phone buzzed on the counter behind me. Shit! I put down cheeseboard.
'Without your bra.'
Oh my! Tummy flipping at the huge change, the unexpected, I felt the blood rushing under my skin. My fingers were shaking so much that Chef had to undo my bra strap.
Picking up the cheese board again I faced him with a "will I do?" look on my face. He looked me over, smiled into my eyes and nodded, and completely topless I walked into the Dining Room.
Of course my hands were full with the board, which was at the level of my waist.
They all just stared as I put it down in the middle of the table. I hesitated, embarrassed, delighted, horny, wanting to disappear but also to savour the moment of being topless in front of two teachers and three total strangers I'd never met before tonight.
There were no comments, silence.
I glanced at each of their faces .. They were not looking in my eyes! I smiled, loving the appreciation; and turning walked to the door, ass swinging.
"Andrea, would you get another bottle of the red from the sideboard?"
Shit, I turned back into the room and went to the cupboard behind Mr James, bending over at the hips to open the low door and get the bottle, then turning to the table I placed it carefully in front of the Inspector.
"Thank you Andrea ... No comments gentlemen? Ladies?"
"Wow, she looks even better close up!"
"And you got to see this at the Talent show?"
"No, not really, she had a swimsuit on, but wow!"
"So you like what you see?"
"Like? She's gorgeous! I mean, what amazing tits!"
I was glowing with embarrassed pleasure.
Once again I turned to go, but the Inspector stopped me.
"Andrea, my dear, You're not properly dressed, are you?"
I hesitated at the door and turned to face him, feet together and hands loosely clasped in front of me, eyes lowered.
"No Sir, I'm not properly dressed." This was delicious.
"In what way are you not dressed properly?"
Having this inappropriate conversation with the Inspector in front of his guests was churning my tummy in the nicest way.
"I'm in front of your guests in just my underwear, Sir, with my bare tits hanging out for everyone to see."
"I don't consider that at all improper, Andrea." Then addressing the others in the room, went on, "does anyone else consider it improper for Andrea to have her bare tits hanging out for all of us to see?"
"Not in the slightest," replied Miss L, the slim elegant woman in the black trouser suit and cream blouse with severe short haircut, "I would expect that to be quite normal when she's in this house, regardless of who else you have here."
There were murmurs of agreement and approval.
The Inspector nodded, then dangled two items, one from each hand so that I and everyone else could see. In his left was a pretty black satin and velvet choker. In his right was a black leather dog collar with steel studs, complete with buckle and steel loop.
"You may choose, Andrea. Ribbon, or collar?"
Oh fuck! Was there really a choice?
"Please would you put the collar on me, Sir?"
He smiled, and at his beckoning I came forward and knelt by his chair while he fastened the buckle behind my neck. When I stood up he attached a short black leather leash to the steel loop at the front of the collar, arranging it to hang down vertically between my breasts.
"There, much better!" he said. "Now Andrea, walk slowly round the table so that everyone may see the collar close, and may enjoy your figure properly"
So I circled the table, pausing at each place to lean forward giving them their own excellent close view of my naked tits, and the rest of my body as either I approached or moved on to the next person.
"You may go, thank you. Return to the kitchen and start tidying away, there's a good girl"
Good Girl!! How lovely!
Adding a little bounce into my step I left the room. Chef greeted me with a wide grin and appreciative stare, and I posed briefly to let him enjoy the view of me in just my briefs and stockings with a collar and leash. His obvious delight just added to my general happiness and maybe even a sense of achievement.
With the exhibiting done but still topless, I helped Chef stack the dishwasher again and started to gather the caterers equipment ready for the van.
Thank goodness it was all over. It had been awesome and felt amazingly good. To be allowed to show off my body, safely, but to total strangers, was wonderful, and to do it in front of my teachers as well just raised it to another level.
My phone buzzed. "That'll be my dismissal," I quipped, glancing over to Chef who was still busy packing up boxes.
'Switch on the coffee machine, and in 3 minutes bring the coffee pot on a tray into the sitting room.'
OK, so only almost finished. I asked Chef about the coffee and he pointed to the machine in the corner that he'd already prepared. I switched it on, as commanded, and helped Chef pile the packed boxes by the kitchen door, deliciously aware of my partial nakedness.
Before the coffee was done my phone buzzed again.
'remove your panties.'
Oh fuck shit bugger whoopee bugger wow.
Hooking my thumbs into the waistband I faced Chef and drew the skimpy white lace briefs over my hips and down my thighs.
I loved it. He stood back, arms folded, unashamedly enjoying my display, to my own delight.
Naked apart from heels and stockings, collar and leash, I carried the coffee pot and cups on a wide tray into the sitting room, very conscious of how bare my freshly shaved pussy was.
Taking my time, I arranged everything on a low table in the centre of the room, mostly bending low so that my naked breasts hung down, swinging with my every movement, circling the table to give everyone a view of my front and back.
"Thank you, Andrea, we'll pour. You may go."
Dismissed I returned to help Chef, hoping the dinner guests liked looking at my bare bum.
After tidying everything away together, Chef and I paused for a small glass of bubbles. It was sexy and fun to be working naked with a clothed mature man who fully appreciated my body without seeming pervy. I wanted to do this again.
"The guests will have retired to the garden with their coffees, so we'll set up the finale, my Special, in the Dining Room. Come on, " announced Chef, and a bit non-plussed I picked up the tray of summer fruits and sauces and followed him.
A short time later the Host and his guests returned, to find me lying on my back on the now cleared table.
I was elegantly dressed in dessert foods; chocolate sauce, whipped cream, fresh fruits of strawberries, raspberries, sliced kiwi, cherry.
The guests used long handled silver spoons to dine directly from my body until I was laid bare. I don't know if you've ever had the delight of being used as a platter, but it's incredibly erotic. The gradual uncovering, the sensation of the cold spoons on your skin, the feel of the food itself, a kind of cool liquidy mess, the stares, the concentration on the sexy bits of the body, nipples, pussy, belly, before eventually everything is gone.
"Did you enjoy the Finale?" the Inspector asked his guests, with a hint of triumph in his voice.
"Quite spectacular! I would enjoy dining off this particular platter again!" replied the severe looking Miss L.
"Me too!" added Rebecca, exchanging grins with her partner Clara.
"I wouldn't mind if this were standard serving in the Staff Room on Saturday evening, ha ha," Mr Casters chipped in, and Mr James nodded his enthusiastic agreement, adding, "maybe the Three Little Maids could take it in turns?" and they shared smiles and knowing looks. I wasn't sure I should share that with Em and Suz.
Soon after that my two teachers took an arm each and helped me in my sticky slimy state up to the bathroom, putting me in the shower under warm water. There was some expensive looking shampoo and body wash. I noticed they stayed while I showered and washed my hair, but hey, did I mind?
Once the shower was off everything went quiet apart from the breathing of Mr James and Mr Casters. It was almost as if they were panting.
There were vague muffled sounds from downstairs which faded with a repeated opening and closing of the front door, and soon it was quiet and peaceful.
Mr James held out his hand to help me out of the shower, and I was exquisitely aware that I was soaking wet and totally naked while the two men were dry and clothed. The contrast seemed to emphasise my nudity and stepping onto the bath mat I sighed with pleasure. Mr Casters held open a large fluffy white towel which he draped round my shoulders before using the corners to dry my shoulders and my breasts. Looking into my eyes he really made sure my tits were dry. Then he lifted the towel from my back up to my head and gently started to dry my hair.
Mr James by now had another towel ready, and kneeling at my feet started rubbing there and up each leg to the knee, then each thigh, then my bum cheeks round and round, gently rubbing and separating them.
"Mr Casters, is Andrea's bum dry?" he asked, looking beyond my shoulder to his colleague.
The drying of my hair paused and I felt two large warm hands softly but firmly explore my bum cheeks.
"Yes, I think so, Mr James, " then a pause, "but I should probably check her chest, don't you think?"
"Andrea?" asked Mr James.
What possible reason did I have for stopping them?
"You should really make sure, I think," I replied while keeping a straight face, "I'm sure Sir will want to know that I've been properly seen to?"
"Andrea would like it if you checked her chest and belly are dry, Mr Casters. Then I'll dry between her legs."
Oh my! What a promise! I felt the strong warm hands slide across my hips and sides up to my breasts, caressing them, stroking them, exploring them, gently squeezing the nipples which were already full and puffy.
Opening my eyes and looking down I watched those hands on my tits, then lower watched Mr James dry my inner thighs and between my legs, rubbing slowly with the soft towel against my outer labia, forward and back, teasing.
Moving my knees further apart I tried to press my pussy down onto the hand inside the towel but he kept moving it away.
Mr Casters walked round to my left shoulder, and started working my left tit again in his knowing hands while watching Mr James towel my hot shaved pussy.
"I don't think she's very dry, Mr James," he said as if disapproving.
"I better check, then," was the reply and the towel was gone, replaced with another warm strong hand as Mr James cupped between my legs and pressed hard.
I grunted at the sudden change in sensations and looked down to watch the two mens' hands teasing my body. The ripples of climax were building fast and I started panting, pressing myself into the hands, and suddenly they weren't there.
"What?" I cried in anguish.
"Not now, Andrea," replied Mr Casters, smiling and gently kissing my cheek, and they quickly finished drying me off and handed me my original clothes.
Once I was dressed Mr James tied a soft black scarf over the top half of my face and with one of them on each side they guided me back downstairs.
I knew I was back in the main room, sat on a chair facing the window and easily recognised the Inspector's voice as he very formally asked me my name and age, which I told him, wondering if there was a video camera.
"Are you ready to describe your Dirty Fantasy, as promised?"
"Oh! Um, er, yes Sir," a bit surprised, but then thinking this would be quite hot, talking about it in front of him and presumably my two teachers who I suspected were still there.
"I've had this fantasy for a couple of years now, since a holiday in the Mediterranean. Ok so it's summer and I'm on holiday with my Auntie who's really cool, and walking the beach we see a few fliers advertising a Beach Bikini Competition early afternoon. We joke about it but Aunty thinks I should totally do it which is of course what I want to hear. Back in the hotel room I'm taking a shower and shaving my legs and Auntie is reading the Flier, the prize is a page on a professionally produced 'Babes of the Beach Calendar - real girls from beaches of this summer' featuring photos taken during the competition. It seems they're doing 12 beaches. We both think its awesome. I've trimmed my bush so its short and neat and won't show in the black string tie bikini I've chosen. As I'm putting it on Auntie reads more, like how the afternoon contest is Round one, with a Final tonight at the Plaza Hotel Function Room, tickets available from Reception. Some bla bla then the Company owns all rights to photographs taken by its photographer bla bla.
Anyway we turn up in the afternoon and see a big stage on the beach with a sizeable crowd already and a tent next to it with posters for the contest, and we both queue with other girls to sign up. There are beefy bouncer guys keeping a growing crowd from hassling us. Once at the front of the line there's a woman sitting behind a desk and I give her my name and age and phone number and she says Group Three, number 6.
We go into another part of the tent where loads of girls are milling about, each of us in bikinis of all colours and types, but we're all under 30?
Soon music starts really loud and we can here a guy announcing, and Group 1 is called. They all file out and we can hear loads of cheers from the crowd by the stage and more muffled announcements from the same guy.
We're all a bit nervous eyeing each other, assessing the competition, and soon Group 2 is called and we understand that once we've been on stage we go somewhere else not back here. Anyway, again there are announcements we can't make out, cheers and whoops, and soon its Group 3. I file out with seven other girls and we're told to take a wrist band with a large numbered card on it, so I take 6 and put it on my left wrist like everyone else. Suddenly we're at the side of the stage by steps going up .. We can see the stage clearly but not yet the crowd. The music is really loud but the announcer even louder, he's a fit guy, early 30s, in a Hawaiian red shirt and loose khaki shorts, sandals, and there are more beefy guys at the back of the stage.
"And in our third group, lets have NUMBER ONE, please!" he announces, and up the steps goes a pretty blonde 20 something with a curvy ass and big boobs in a nice traditional bikini. She struts on stage right to left then back to the middle to be interviewed, giving her name (Kirsty) and age (23) then is invited to walk the front of the stage again, which she does wiggling her butt and shaking her boobs, and the Announcer encourages a loud audience reaction, then she's off and its number 2. On it goes all quite harmless and soon its my turn. I have no idea how the noise on stage compares to when I was at the side and know I need to make a good impression if I want to get through.
I saunter across the stage as sexily as I know, different from the other girls' strutting, glad I wore heels with the bikini, and return for my interview. Close to the guy has an aura of power, and I lower my eyes and face. When asked my name I look up almost shyly going for the cute effect and give my name and age, and when invited walk to the front of the stage, in the centre, hands in hair, gyrating my hips, turning slowly full circle, getting lots of cheers but no whoops or whistles. When I'm facing them again I put my hands to the sides of my bikini top and tease the halter string outwards, looking at the big crowd with my head tilted and eyebrows raised, inviting a response.
The noise goes up with lots of shouts of 'do it!' but I'm not satisfied, and let go the right side putting that hand to my ear as if I can't hear them. They go really loud, loads of shouting, 'do it!', 'get em out!', 'tits! Tits!', and I love it ... Gently tugging the strings outwards I pull the bikini top triangles away from the middle revealing more of my boobs .. Cheers and whoops now, then my nipples are bared and its going crazy with whistles as well. I parade left and right across the stage front my top totally to the sides and tits out, shaking them and get a lovely reaction. Then I'm back with the announcer who tells me I did great, and I'm off.
I'm high as anything, and while I put my bikini top straight again a bouncer gets a nod from the guy on stage and tells me I'm through to the final and I'll get a call to come back.
When I meet up with my Auntie she gives me a knowing look, like I got caught being naughty, but her eyes are twinkling with shared mischief and she tells me they were choosing girls who either were dead gorgeous or were daring, or both.
The evening starts off like the afternoon had, with us getting ready in a side area while loud music and announcements eddied out from the stage. It's a modest sized hotel and we've taken over the Ballroom with a raised area at one end, presumably for a band, normally. The dance floor is packed with chairs and Auntie reckoned they'd get hundreds in there. The tickets weren't cheap and they must be making a fortune. So after all us girls in the final get a look at where its happening the bouncer guys take us to this side room to get ready. We'd all seen the posters around the ballroom and just outside, collages of photographs taken in the afternoon session, with a set for each of the last eight. I noticed that four of the other girls had moved their bikini tops out the way to get chosen, and the other three girls were simply stunning. It was going to be a challenge to have any chance of winning.
The Compere guy comes in to explain the format, and after we all sign more releases we're left to get ready, guarded by our bouncers.
So first with music playing we all go up on stage with new numbers on our right wrists, which is the side everyone will see as we get on stage, I'm five, and we're in tiny denim shorts and tight white cut-off t shirts with the Calendar sponsors logo across out chests and we line up in number order swaying to the beat, and one by one a spotlight picks us out and the Compere guy calls our number and tells to turn slowly on the spot so the audience can enjoy an all round view, which is pretty fun, and we all get cheers and claps but its obviously too tame for the crowd.
Next the guy calls us forward one at a time for a brief interview, asking us our name, age, where we're from, and we speak into the mic in his hand.
Then the guy plays the crowd, holding his hand to his ear and saying, "What's that? They're wearing too much? Really?" Which gets a great crowd reaction. He half turns to us and says, "They think you're wearing too much, girls? What do YOU think?" and he steps back a bit and the music gets louder.
We all look at each other, wondering who'll be first, but actually we all kinda dance more and start fiddling with t shirt hems or shorts buttons.
Number 4 on my left, a pretty slim tall blonde older than me steps forward and lift her t shirt over her head to show off big boobs in a micro bikini top, basically just her nipples covered, and the crowd love it, and soon the other girls are copying revealing varying degrees of daring bikini.
I realise mine is almost frumpy by comparison, just the same black string tie from the afternoon. But I want to be remembered, so instead of taking my t shirt off I make a big show of undoing my shorts and sexily pulling them down, and get my own spotlight as a reward. I feel quite sexy in just my bikini and t shirt, and reckon that as the only girl still with sponsors logo I should get most of the photos.
"Hey, how do you like it, huh?" asks the guy, and the crowd chants, "MORE! MORE!"
The guy looks at us and into the mic says, "keep going, girls!"
Pretty soon all of us are dancing in just bikinis, but I tie my t shirt low on my waist with the logo hanging over my right hip next to my number, without blocking the view of my bikini bottoms front or back. I'm going for maximum photo opportunity with the sponsors.
"Ok, that's great! The girls are gonna go off to come back in their chosen 'Final' outfit," audience whistles and cheers, "for the last section of the dance-off pose-off"
We all troop off, waving to the crowd who obviously can hardly wait, and moments later we're lined up to come back. The other girls have chosen a variety of sexy or revealing outfits for the final part of the show, and look at me with pity since I haven't changed from when we came off.
"AND NOW, FOR OUR DANCE OFF POSE OFF FINAL, LETS HEAR IT FOR THE GIRLS!"
And up the steps we go straight on stage, all together in a line. I swivel the t shirt on my right hip to make sure its not covering front or back, and as I get to the top of the stage quickly pull the tie behind my neck, then the one behind my back, letting the bikini top fall to the stage wing. I'm the only girl actually topless, and hope it'll help me win. We're so close together only number 6 behind me knows what I've done.
Up ahead, number 1 steps out into the spotlights waving to the crowd, greeted with cheers. Then close behind its number 2.
Feeling a sudden rush, a madness, with almost fumbling fingers I pull the side ties of my bikini bottoms, just shedding them as I emerge into the lights on stage, naked apart from the t shirt logo on my right hip.
I half face the crowd, waving, letting my bare tits jiggle a little, showing the logo to the cameras that are flashing like mad at me, but also making sure I'm showing my nude neatly trimmed dark bush, parading my naked body for all to see.
The crowd go wild. I love it!
The compere guy does his stuff, we all dance together and in competition, the other girls all go topless but I'm the only one showing pussy and bare bum.
Finally we stand in a line facing the audience as the results are called. A tall busty brunette, number 3, is third, and she walks forward for a sash between her huge bare tits and some flowers.
"Second, its number 5!" Shit that's me! I step forward and the guy is careful not to cover my pussy while putting the sash over my shoulder, arranging it between my tits so both nipples are bared.
Number 7 wins, but I don't mind. I've had the best time.
After coming down we all get dressed and then I'm getting business cards thrust into my hands, which later I look through. Mostly photographers, model agencies, a film producer and what can only be pornography agents. But that's a whole other fantasy!"
When I finished there was a sudden loud clapping and my blindfold was lifted off to reveal all the guests still present. I felt myself glowing and blushing, partly confused but also deeply satisfied, and I drank in their congratulations and thanks for an excellent evening; and then they all left.
"How did you enjoy your evening?" the Inspector asked.
He arranged for a taxi to get me back to school.
Finally the night of the Talent Show had arrived. Suz, Em and I were all keyed up for our performance which was second to last on the Programme; no pressure or anything!
We'd put in more time rehearsing and polishing our Act until it was as good as we thought we could make it, and as much as we could get away with for a school show.
Before the show, and getting ready, and waiting in the wings we got plenty of good luck wishes, none of this break-a-leg stuff, but it was pretty clear expectations were high. Maybe word had filtered out about my special swim suit at the Match, and everyone knew about our Dress Rehearsal and stepping things up. We supposed they might all be looking forward to something a little more see-through under.
And then it was our moment.
With the strains of Tom singing 'You can Leave Your Hat on', we sauntered smoulderingly on stage, three white brunettes with ponytails, in Trilby, trench coat and heels and turned our backs to the audience, and at 'Baby take off your coat ..' we shrugged them off our shoulders, and supporting them on our elbows swished them to the side, confirming that we were wearing dark hold-up stockings to just above the knee and satiny black string-tie bikinis.
In a smooth move we took our hats off to cover our asses.
Turning to face the audience and keeping our coats undone we used the hats and the coat flaps to tease them, giving half glimpses and tantalising flashes of bikini, covering each other in a series of practiced moves, while swaying to Tom's singing.
Standing in the middle I turned my back again while Em and Suz faced the crowd, and I again shrugged the coat off my shoulders till it was hanging below my waist, baring my back. Em and Suz took a string each behind my pulled, slowly, as if undoing my top, until the strings parted leaving my back bare. There was a gasp from the audience we could hear even above the music. Then they did the same thing again with the tie behind my neck to a chorus of cat-calls and whistles, and Em whisked my top away, waving it triumphantly at the audience before dropping it flamboyantly onto the stage.
No one could be in any doubt that I was topless, naked from the waist up.
We all shed our coats, letting them fall to the stage and kicking them away.
We were all wearing our hats and I turned, whipping my hat off to cover my tits at the last minute.
There followed another set of timed practiced moves where the girls covered me with their hats just as I put mine in my head again. It was all good fun and the audience loved it.
All three of us knelt on the stage with our backs to audience, then Em and Suz turned inwards, audience-side foot and other knee on the floor, arms across their bodies discreetly covering their bikini tops, hats in hand over my back, so I slowly stood hat on head, their hats staying in place till they cover my bikini bottoms, my back bare.
At 'Raise your arms up into the air' I raised my hands, gyrating my hips to 'Now shake 'em' while Em and Suz put their hats back on.
We all took our hats off, I held mine over my boobs, 'You give me a reason to live', turned to face the audience still gyrating, front bikini bottom now covered ... then in a neatly timed move 'You can leave your hat on' Suz raised her hat to my chest as I put my hat on then raised my hands in the air, 'Feeling' relying on Suz to keep me covered.
Again I had my back to the audience, ass covered by other girls hats, but this time Em and Suz slowly drew strings of my bottoms like they did with the top, removing them, Suz holding them for everyone to see, There were louder gasps, though my ass was covered by Em's hat and I was covering Suz's bikini top. Everyone could tell that my front which faced away from the audience was uncovered, totally naked, but anyone watching backstage would see my naked tits n shaved pussy.
I noticed both Mr Casters and Mr Jones in the wings, taking photographs of my front, presumably with the audience in the background. Oh my, how that suddenly excited me. It raised the stakes and made me almost giddy.
I turned to face the audience and again we swapped hat positions in our practiced teasing daring moves, my bare tits and pussy only just covered in time, and certain that the two teachers were taking more photos of my bare ass cheeks. I loved it.
Moving into our finale, again all three of us knelt on the stage with our backs to the audience, Em and Suz then turned inwards, audience-side knee and other foot on the floor the other way from before, holding their hats with the other hand this time to cover my back. the nearer arm by their side letting the audience see their bikinis, as I slowly stood using both hands to hold the hat on my head, the girls' hats staying in place till they covered my bare bum, naked back uncovered like before. Mr Casters and Mr Jones taking even more photos.
At 'Raise your arms up into the air' I lifted my hands above my head, gyrating naked hips to 'Now shake 'em' while Em and Suz' hats were over my bum, one cheek each but flicking them, almost showing my bare cheeks, then alternated covering my ass with their hats and putting them on their heads this time giving a quick flash of bare buns. Hat off, I held it over my boobs, 'You give me a reason to live' I faced the audience still gyrating, bare pussy covered by the girls, hat in left hand, then right then left again almost letting go each time .. teasing... then in a neatly timed move "You can leave your hat on" Suz raised her hat to my chest as I put my hat back on then had my hands in the air, 'Feeling' relying on Suz to keep my tits covered and Em my pussy.
To the last few refrains of 'you can leave your hat on', all three of us lined up Em, me, then Suz one behind the other facing audience and put the trilbies on our heads, me naked with hands on Em's shoulders, Suz hands on mine, then we turned and ran off, me spinning round flashing my naked body as I dashed off.
We ran off stage, I was high as a kite but worried ... what will the Principal say? Am I in trouble ...
But I was looking forward to the most explosive orgasm ever!
But ... I couldn't help wondering what it would feel like to pose naked for a real photographer ..
THE END
(Story continues in Andi and the Camera Club)