***This is my first story on Literotica. Apologies for the errors as I self-edited. This has been an on again off again work of fiction over the years. Hope you enjoy!
It all began on Christmas day.
I won't forget that day for the rest of my life. It was the highest moment of exhilaration that I will ever experience. I was glued to the most beautiful thing I had ever seen, my mother's blonde and curly bush.
But first, the proper introduction to how my gaze came to this very deeply erotic and mesmerizing sight.
I am Andrew Marsh, the oldest child, and only son of a well-to-do American family that lives in London. Back when I was about seven years old, my father was offered to be the CFO of a London-based company. My family immediately packed up and moved.
At first, it was quite lonely. The lack of friends, the unfamiliar terrain, and even the minimal language barrier. But thankfully my family quickly mingled with the other Americans and next thing you know, it was home. When I moved, I was seven years old, with younger sisters; Casey who was five, and Lia who was one.
Over the years we didn't deviate from our family traditions. We would visit the states every summer and spend time with our extended family in Connecticut. My parents both being from the same town never did sell our American home. This gave us the freedom to come back as often as we wanted. My father unfortunately, always had work and could never join, but my mother would occasionally take us to the states on Christmas break. As we grew it became a family tradition and we would have relatives from all over come and meet at our house for Christmas dinner. My dad, sadly, was always left out.
As the years passed by and I was about to finish high school, my parents gave me the option of coming back to the states for college. I applied all over and being the straight "A" student I was, I had my pick. This resulted in my studying at UPenn. Everyone was excited and proud that I would be attending such an esteemed institution, and I was happy to have an empty house three hours away, but those stories are for another chapter. This one begins on the Christmas of my freshman year.
Around mid-November:
I received the phone call around nine PM.
"Hey hun!" my mom said.
"Hey, mom!" I answered as I was relaxing in my dorm room.
"I was just talking to your dad about Christmas plans, and I think we are going to have Christmas here in London this year." which was quite a surprise.
"Why not in Stamford?" I answered.
"Well, your dad has missed Christmas too many times so this year he wants you to come to London. You have been away for so long that we thought it would be nice to have everyone in the same house."
I was looking around the room as she was talking, "That sounds reasonable, so is grandma and the rest of the family going to be joining?" I asked.
My mother then answered "Sorry Andrew one second" then I barely understood her to say "Casey! Casey what's wrong." In the background - some drama to do with my sister.
"Sorry Andrew, I don't know, I was about to call her after you. But I don't see why she wouldn't come..."
"All right mom sounds good! When should I buy the plane ticket?" I asked.
"I will send you money later in the week."
"That works for me! Is everything all right?" I asked.
"I gotta run Andrew, Casey is making a fuss because we won't be going to the states..."
"All right mom, love you!"
"Byeeeee-"
Click.
My younger sister Casey had gotten to be quite the bitch over the years. She was eighteen years old and acted like London revolved around her. Every other week she would have another problem with some guy and come back home whining about how men were the worst. My fourteen-year-old sister Lia on the other hand was great but was learning from Casey very quickly.
Just to get you all versed on what we all look like. I have brown hair and brown eyes, about 6 feet tall with a body that used to be very muscular but has fallen victim to too much shitty food. But you couldn't call me anywhere near fat, I am the definition of an average build. Add a little salt to my hair, 40 pounds and two inches off my height and you have my father. I am apparently the spitting image of him.
My mother is a yoga junkie and someone who is effortlessly charming. She has straight blonde hair, brown eyes, and a little tummy. She is considered curvy, but I assume in the best way possible.
Casey has filled into what mom probably used to look like with the same blonde hair and hourglass figure. Although her boobs are probably smaller, her dimensions are the inspiration for half of the wet dreams in our street. With her spicy attitude, she gives an air of you can look but not touch. At eighteen she already makes everyone reconsider their marriage.
Lia of course being the baby. But at this rate, she will probably grow to be like Casey and attract more guys than I want her to.
Around early December:
My phone started ringing. I crawled towards my phone and looked at the screen, mom was calling me from London.
"Uuuggggghhh" I groaned as I picked up the phone.
"Oh, sweety did I wake you up?"
"Yeah, mom it's 7 am," I said.
"Oh. Sorry, darling! I'm calling to check in and make sure that everything is ok for you to come here next week."
I paused for a while gathering my thoughts. "Yeah, I got the ticket and everything. I sent you the info remember"
My mom paused "Grandma just let me know that she won't be able to make it to London. Your uncle Max is hosting, and they thought holiday travels would be too expensive."
Not really caring too much I replied with an ambiguous "hmm".
"I'm bummed too darling, but it will still be our whole family. Plus, you can meet the new neighbors that moved in next to us!"
"All right, anything else?" I said.
"Nope darling, you go back to sleep now!"
December 22nd
I landed at Heathrow Airport and was greeted by my mom and my youngest sister Lia. They were a little over the top in buying me flowers, but I wasn't going to complain. We talked the whole way back home, catching up on every little detail about their lives. Once we arrived I walked in and immediately shouted; "I'm home!" my dad came out of his study.
"Ahaa, welcome back Andrew... How was your flight?" he said.
"It was fine, the flight went by pretty smoo-"And that was the extent of it. He received a call and stepped away.
Turning to my mom,
"Is Casey around?"
"Yes, she is at the new gym that just opened up down the street and she should be back any minute."
"Oh my god, your hereee!" as I was hugged from behind.
I couldn't help but feel funny about Casey hugging me from behind, her breasts felt huge. I turned around and hugged her back,
"Hello, hello, long time no see." Mom jumped in, "I think Andrew needs to freshen up and then he will join us for dinner, is an hour and a half enough time for you to settle in?"
My sister still hugging me "We have stuff to talk about. I want to know about all the girls back at UPenn!"
Dad chimed in between his call "He will have a lot of time to do that over dinner!"
I turned around at everyone else and said, "Yes, yes I just need a shower." I then left my family in the background as I ascended the steps toward my room. Dad went back to his study as everyone dispersed.
After freshening up I was neither hungry nor rested, so I pretty much only went down to dinner for the usual catch-up. Casey was excited to hear all about UPenn, as my mother was quick to jump in and remind her that her grades weren't getting her into anywhere. After a little back and forth between the two, Lia and my dad continued the conversation asking me about my teachers and fraternity. It was a cozy moment, a moment that I missed.
Casey between bites, "Seeing that you are fat you should join me at the gym tomorrow."
Pointing with his knife "Casey, honey, he isn't fat, I'm fat" commented my dad.
"I think you should see who else is in town from your friend's sweetie, and maybe sometime this week we will invite our new neighbors..." said my mother, wiping her mouth "They are the nicest German couple"
"I like Helga, she taught me some German," said Lia.
The mundane chatter continued with my dad talking about his company, and mom talking about how she wondered what Santa would bring for Christmas, and Lia trying to impress me with the cool things she had been learning. Casey as always was in her own world selfishly scrolling through her phone and speaking only when she felt like it.
The conversation and glass of wine had gotten the best of me and right after my mother had told us about some new pottery lesson that she was taking I asked to be excused.
"But honey I made your favorite dessert?" mentioned my mom. I glanced up at her with a look of appreciation and "And I will love to have it tomorrow, but I'm going to pass out."
I put my dishes into the sink and wobbled my way up to my room, I was so exhausted I didn't even think of my dick. I was planning on jacking off right before falling asleep but even he was tired from all the traveling. I walked up to my bed, stripped to my undies, and fell into the nice and cold sheets of my queen-sized bed. I had left the states on a red-eye flight and barely slept, I needed this. It was probably about 8 pm when I passed out, but it ended way too swiftly when I woke up and realized that it was 3 am in the morning.
FUCK.
I was wide awake. I also sensed the ever-so-familiar feeling of having an erect cock. I put my hands under the sheets and gripped my rock-hard penis. So, I did what any sex-deprived 19-year-old does, I started pumping away.
I masturbate a lot, but I usually have some porn to go along with it, and jacking off to no material was causing to be problematic. 5 minutes passed; 10 minutes passed... nothing. I pulled out my laptop to log onto some of my usual vintage porn websites. If god intended for women to have a bush, I intend on jacking off to it. Not the super hairy Amazonian women, but something trimmed to resemble a V. We have evolved after all. I tried browsing for something interesting, but I realized I had no internet connection. Briefly remembering my dad mention "Oh and we have a new Wifi password by the way" I was screwed. Seeing that my UK phone wasn't activated, I was virtually back in the 80's.
Realizing that my mom probably wrote the password downstairs, I ventured towards the modem just to be disappointed. No password. Then it dawned on me, Casey might still be up.
For those of you who have never been to our house, my parents and Casey had their rooms on the entry floor, while Lia and I had our rooms on the 2nd floor.
I walked over to Casey's door and as soon as I was close, I heard her voice. She was up and the faintest light crept through the massive keyhole in her door. These old British homes truly were magical. Just to be sure she was up I gave a peek. Inside the darkroom, I saw a faint ray of light, from a screen. As I was about to open the door, I heard.
"Yeah you would like that, wouldn't you? From what I can see you look very excited!" said Casey.
The light from her screen only reflected her face so I could see that she had earphones on and was talking to someone from facetime or something on her bed that faced the door.
"Well, that's the biggest I have ever seen it," she said. Followed by, "Don't get your hopes up high, you need to treat me very nicely to get another blowjob like that."
No fucking way.
"Yeah?" said Casey, looking shocked into her screen. "Of course, I want it."
My heart was racing. Her voice was very low and sultry, I barely made out what she said,
"Yeah? Well, I'm wet and have been fingering myself during this entire conversation."
From her mouth straight to my ears, my cock throbbed with delight. I had started the night wanting to watch porn and here I was peeping on my sister. I then heard it, a faint squishing noise ever so lightly coming from her bed.
"Oh, you want a little more?" she said. She then removed the earphones and put the phone on the bed. It was complete darkness in the room as I heard movement.
My hand found my cock as the whispering continued,
"I'm so wet right now...! You wanted more right?" she had the naughtiest grin on her face.
We all wanted more.
"All right," she said as she held the phone a little further out.
Up until that point I had seen a lot of tits, but not like this. In front of the faint light, my sister was showing her big tits and the puffiest nipples I had ever seen. Her nipples were rose-colored and had to be two inches wide gently rising and falling with her elevated breathing. Her hand further extended letting the light fall onto her firm abs. her nips were erect and her right hand was moving under the covers.
In her soft voice she said "like what you see?" then brought her left hand back, almost scooping a tit up, and letting her tongue slowly circle the nipple.
It was too much.
I slipped my hand in my pants and started slowly jerking myself right there in the hallway.
"You missed that? You missed me lick my nipple! No, I'm not going to go closer toward the wifi, YOUR connection is probably the shitty one."
Whoever this guy was, he was quite demanding.
"So, you are telling me you can't see this?" Casey then lifted her hand out of under the covers, It was glistening with her juices. She took her index finger and started circling her nipple.
"Oh yeah? It's a big shame if you can't see this!"
Casey then lifted her breast again and started sucking on her pussy juice-covered nipple. Inhaling her breast in her dirty little mouth and slowly moved her right hand down to her sopping pussy.
Casey was quite the tease. She was every Onlyfans addict's wildest dream.
I was dangerously near blowing my load in the middle of the hallway and by the likes of it, Casey was getting pretty close herself. She was making the softest whimpers while her hand was furiously moving under the covers.
I was edging myself into oblivion and loving the dopamine rush every step of the way.
"Alex I'm close," she said.
She then went on to whimper these next words, clearly getting this Alex fellow over the edge with her.
"Ohhh, fuck Alex, yeah, I wish I was at your house this Christmas. I wish I would eat with our family and then get plowed by you upstairs. I wish I could swallow your cum and then sit down with our family, them not knowing that I was inhaling your cock 5 minutes ago. I want you to cum on my face like you did over the summer. Fuuuuuuuckkkk"
I was jacking off to my sister digitally fucking our cousin Alex.
Then I came.
December 23rd
I was wide awake in bed. Was that a hint of guilt I was feeling? Or was it the high of a lifetime? It took me a while to fall asleep, but I didn't know what I was getting into. My sister was screwing my cousin Alex and still occasionally fucks him. Even worse, I jacked off to watching this and was turned on probably more than they were.
I woke up around 8 am after some shitty sleep and had to get out... I went to my best mate Ian's house! He had that open-door policy, where everyone came without calling and he was always an early riser who was down for some breakfast. We played video games all day and chit-chatted about college and whatnot. The usual crap one does when he is with his old friends. But I had to admit, I was not fully engaged in the conversation. I mean mentally I wasn't... It was as if something had been unlocked by seeing my sister's tits. It gave me on again and off again hard-ons and the debauchery of her fucking our cousin Alex... what a slut.
I left Ian's place and took the tube back home. I walked into my house,
"I'm HOOOMEEEEE!" I shouted
"I'm in the Kitchen!!!" replied my mom.
I walked to where the action was. She was cooking in an old white t-shirt. It was clearly her chill-at-home clothes, and she was not wearing anything underneath. My newfound love for incest was immediately compounded when I realized a key detail. Her nipples were puffy too.
"I'm making quinoa salad," she said.
I walked around the kitchen trying not to stare at her breasts.
"Sounds good. When will dinner be ready?" I asked
"About an hour and a half." She said.
I gave her the thumbs up and let her do her thing. I had to leave and stop my occasional glances at her twin mounds with those delicious pokies.
I walked into the living room, sat down on the couch, and was reaching for the remote when Casey's door opened down the hall.
"Did you sleep well?" said Casey.
"Yeah like a baby" I replied. Trying not to sound awkward.
All I could do is picture her naked, and even worse, she was wearing very tight gym clothes. I couldn't see a nipple through that reinforced corset of a sports bra, but I could map out every crevasse of her pussy. The camel toe was so deep It could sub for a skate park.
"I'm headed to the new gym, come and join me!" She said. "It's nice, and it's very close!"
"Sure! Let me get ready."
I had just knowingly accepted going to the gym with my sister and all I had was impure thoughts. I had a guilty fire burning in my nut sack. All I wanted was for the party to continue, hoping that sweating would make her outfit a little more see-through than it was.
I headed upstairs and changed into gym clothes with a half chubby.
"We're going to the gym Moooom" Shouted Casey while walking out.
"Be back in less than 2 hours!!!" was the reply we got back. We put our jackets and backpacks on and walked out.
On our walk to the gym, I constantly tried to fall behind and watch Casey's tight ass sway left and right. She was babbling on about my friends who were in uni here in the U.K. and how they hit on Casey's friends or whatever. All I was seeing was the left-right of her ass cheeks moving up and down until finally caught my attention.
"Yeah I mean aren't you pissed that we aren't in the states right now." She said.
"I live there, so no," I said.
"Dad didn't even ask us, he just declared we are having Christmas here. I knew we wouldn't be seeing Grammies or anyone else and it pissed me off." She said.
"You miss Grammies?" I said.
"Grammies, uncle Max, aunt Mina, uncle Joe, cousin Alex..."
What a slut. She was bummed she couldn't be stuffed like a thanksgiving turkey, and she was selling me on I miss everything else too.
For some fucked up reason I yearned to hint at something from last night. I wanted to act like I had caught her and give her a lesson on not fucking her cousin or something, I caved.
"Is that who you were talking to on the phone last night around 2 am, Grammies?"
Casey stopped. She glanced at me and kept walking like nothing happened.
"Umm no, it was just a friend." She said.
"Oh, ok," I said deciding against escalating the conversation.
Casey then asked, "What were you doing downstairs last night?".
"I was trying to get the Wifi and heard some noise from your room."
"Oh." she said, a little less inquisitive. She then looked up at a building "Well here we are...".
I had just basically told my sister that I eves dropped on her session. Who the fuck does that.
The gym was a decent-sized place. We walked towards the reception and Casey started talking to the lady seated behind the desk.
"This is my brother, and I want him to use one of my guest passes today."
The receptionist looked me over and pulled out some papers for us to sign. After they let me in we walked towards two doors, one with men's and one with women's written on it.
"So on the other side is the equipment, they have a Zumba class starting in 15 minutes, if not you can just lift or whatever. I'll be ready to leave in an hour." She said starting to unzip her jacket.
"Sounds good, I think I'm just gonna lift for a little bit".
After Casey took off her jacket her nipples were rock solid and was doing the best at trying to poke through the material. What a tease.
"Bye." I said.
Casey opened the door, glancing back, "Oh, and Andrew, this place is a little more European than what you might be used to. Just keep that in mind"
Walking into the men's changing room I contemplated what that could have meant. I was unsurprisingly hard as a rock and knew Casey was to blame, but nothing some cold water to the face couldn't solve.
The gym was fairly big and almost entirely empty. I lifted for a good half an hour and then made my way back to the cardio area. I hopped on the treadmill for 10 minutes, then did a few crunches. "No reason to overdo it." I thought as I walked towards the changing room. I figured I'd take a shower and then wait for Casey in the lobby. I put some flip-flops on and headed towards the shower area when I realized that there was a door on the side with 'Steam Room' written on it.
I had a few minutes to spare so I re-routed my steps towards that door, picked up one of the skimpy towels, hung my shower towel, and stepped right in.
The room was deep and cloudy. It had four steps going up on each side and seemingly had no end. I noticed an older man to my left sitting on the first row and he gave me a friendly nod. I nodded back keeping the friendliness and sat across from him on the second row on the right. My towel became a little soaked from my sweat and the condensation on the seat. I laid back crossing my legs to not flash the old chap. To my far right was someone seated in the corner, and I could only see his feet due to the steam.
I closed my eyes, sweating away the grime of the gym. I heard someone get up, it was the old man, slowly walking towards the door, he opened it and stepped out. In the process, I got hit with a whiff of cool air and the room's temperature dropped a little bit. I laid back and closed my eyes.
In the far corner, I heard another creak and I figured the other person in the room was probably going to leave too when I heard;
"Mind if I increase the steam?"
It was a rough accent and kind of sounded... feminine.
"Not at all," I said as I lifted my head. The steam had cleared a little in the room and I watched the person come closer.
It was a naked woman. A Milf.
She couldn't have been older than 50, her hair was blonde with streaks of white, she had large breasts that swayed as two flesh trophies with the slightest sag, and below she had a meticulously trimmed bush.
I was mesmerized, as this figure of beauty turned the water on and activate the steam.
All I could do is stare.
She then turned around looking at me as the steam mechanism started up.
"Good?" she asked.
"Yeah, that's, fine." I stuttered.
She bent over to turn off the water revealing a small hint of hidden pussy with a few wisps of hair. She was very fair-skinned and left nothing to the imagination. When she turned, I gazed upon her pussy, it had large lips and protruded to form a perfect camel toe. Her brown bush began right when her slit ended. It was trimmed, with a thick brown V that was about an inch in depth. She had incredibly long pink nipples and could have been the lead of every vintage porn video I had ever seen.
She walked across from me and sat down placing her lovely pink folds at eye level.
I felt the jolt in my penis and with the soaked towel covering my junk, I didn't leave much for the imagination.
In a thick eastern European accent, "Where I'm from, men and women are naked in the sauna all the time. I guess that's not the case for you?" she said.
Glancing up at her face, I realized she was seated with both hands behind her head. Coming eye to eye I sensed she was at ease, calm, used to making young gents like me squirm when her womanly goods were on display. She leaned back, placing her head on the step behind her. Her left leg was on top of her right one and you could see hints of her bush.
"Oh," I said.
Glancing down "Where are you from?", she said.
"I'm from the states, just visiting" I mumbled.
She gently smiled, "So I guess you are not used to seeing this".
I tried answering but couldn't. I then grinned like an idiot, she was watching my every move, analyzing.
"I'll take that as a no," she said.
I felt cornered. Should I leave or stay, stare or look away, Casey was right, is this what she meant by European? The situation was out of my comfort zone, but I had to continue this ride. My body was sweating twice as fast. Just as I was about to get up.
"You should try going nude, it's very liberating," she said.
I awkwardly smiled at the thought but was still too shocked at what was happening.
"I can't say I've ever done that" I paused, getting bolder "How did you get used to being nude around strangers?" I asked.
She leaned back
"Back home, we would go to the beach and tan topless. With time I started going fully nude and realized I enjoyed that more."
"Oh," I said, and almost kicking into autopilot, "Was it just for the liberation, or is it for the exhilaration as well?" I asked.
We were both surprised, but she was quick.
"Every bit for the exhilaration. I can see that it would do the same wonders for you too".
She then slowly pointed to my waistline, where the tip of my swollen penis was peeking out. I slowly covered the tip with my towel.
"Sorry" I muttered. Now, I leaned back as the naked lady slowly leaned forward,
"Well, I've already seen you naked, why not take off the rest of it."
"Who me?" I answered.
"Ya, liberate yourself," she said. The already awkward conversation moved onto an educational and motivational level. "Do it, you'll feel free" she mentioned.
"Really," I said. She nodded in agreement as I slowly unwrapped my towel, breaking a boundary I didn't think existed. I was completely nude, in front of a stranger, with my cock pointing up.
Then as if the show was over, I half bowed. The nude Milf giggled and clapped. I could even sense a mild blush forming on her cheeks.
"Exhilarating isn't it." She said.
I was covered in sweat, naked, and nodding in agreement with this naked Milf. "Yes," I said.
"It's nice too," she said nodding towards my cock.
"Well, your body is ravishing as well," I said.
I leaned back and closed my eyes. She was right, after being nude I did feel more at ease as if this self-conscious curtain was lifted. A minute or so of heavy breathing went by with no discussion when I heard the lady get up, I was slowly listening to her movement when I realized she had stopped. I slowly peeked open my eyes and realized she was one foot away from me. She was standing and looking straight at my penis. She then looked into my eyes with a glimmer of something new.
"Well young American, you took me back to that first moment I ever went nude..." she then grabbed my stiff cock and gave it the slightest squeeze.
Something was awoken.
Some new level of boundary that I never knew existed had just been crossed. She was bold and inspired me to be the same.
"Did you like that?" she said, as she let go of my cock. The sudden absence of her hand left my dick twitching with the attention it was refused. I was spread in front of her with my knees perfectly apart.
I looked at her and said, "That was... exhilarating".
"Now I look for new ways to keep myself excited." Then with her right hand, she cupped my sweaty balls. I was shocked and just stared at her.
"The same experiences get old quickly, once, twice and the rush is gone." She said.
With her right hand, she started fondling my balls, as her left slowly snaked down through her bush. Her middle finger slowly extended dipping into her slit. She did one circular motion on her lovely nub and kept the finger going down into her folds. She brought the finger slowly out and I could see a glimmering that was entirely different from the sweat. She looked back at me after looking at her pussy juice-covered hand.
"Ya, exhilarating" and wrapped that hand around my penis, lubricating my dick with her juices. I almost blew it right there.
Both hands started working their magic, one pumping away and one fondling my sack. I was leaning back on the 3rd step looking into the heavens.
"Look into my eyes," she said, as she slowly started leaning down, inching towards my helmet. I was staring with my mouth open right at her, as her lips inched closer to my cock, a cold gust of air diverted our attention to the door on the other side of the room. The steam room was apparently designed like a corridor between the men's and women's changing rooms, how European. It was impossible to cover up, let alone get away with playing it off as we weren't doing anything sexual...
As I was worried about scarring some random underage person, there was the silhouette of a woman, and between the light coming from her hallway and the steam, we couldn't see her face, but she could clearly see me getting jacked off by a German Milf. This random person softly said "fuck", looked straight at the lady, then me, and finally my dick.
I came.
The first spurt was a whole shot of cum, that landed straight on the Milf's face. She immediately let go of my dick, as it turned into a garden sprinkler and sent globs flying all over the room. The lady at the door abruptly said "sorry" closed the door and disappeared as if she was caught doing something she was not supposed to. The Milf then stood up, looked at me, and started laughing as a glob of cum slowly slid down her left cheek.
"Are you exhilarated?" she asked. I just nodded. She then grabbed my penis again and gave it a final squeeze dribbling the last bit of cum left in there. She licked her hand blew me a kiss and walked towards the women's doors. I was stunned. Thank God I was a guest here at this gym as what if that person had recognized me? I immediately rushed to the men's locker room and took the quickest shower I had ever taken.
I left the locker room not sure what I was going to face, but no security came looking. I quickly got ready and headed to the lobby where Lia was likely waiting.
In the lobby, Lia lifted her head from her phone and said "are you ready?". She still looked sweaty.
"Ready" -- I said. Trying to act cool as if I had not just been caught being jacked off by a random Milf.
"Let's go home," Lia said, rushing to the doors, I still need to take a shower.
We arrived home and had a great dinner. Whatever obsession I had towards my sister and mother had evaporated into thin air as all I could think about was this Milf. Every time I closed my eyes, I reimagined her pussy, and tits, on full display as her hands caressed my cock. Although I had just deposited the biggest load in my life, I still had this endless desire in my loins. I was perpetually turned on, almost activated to view everything as a possible rush of excitement.
After dinner everyone but Casey was in the den, we were watching some holiday movie as the jet lag kicked in. I turned into a zombie. It dawned on me that I still had not asked for the wifi password.
"Mom, what is the Wifi password?" I asked.
"Casey has it written," she said. I slowly walked down the hall toward Casey's room. Knocking on the door,
"Hey, Casey, you up?" In the room I heard movement, then the faintest "come in".
I opened the door and Casey was on her bed with her laptop next to her. She was wearing a tee shirt with her nipples softly poking out.
"Hey, what's the new Wifi password?" I asked, looking around the room. It had been a while since I was able to study her room in light. I couldn't see her decorations while spying on her previously.
She was flushed, and said "huh?"
"I need the Wifi password, the new one. Do you have that?" I said.
Something was off, she was not on her A-game, and she was more... distracted.
"Yeah sure." She took out her iPhone and tried sharing the password.
"No, I need the password. My laptop is a Microsoft computer, you can't air share or whatever the password."
"Oh." She said. "she slid her hands deep under the covers and brought them back up. Then she slid her legs off the side of the bed moving the covers a little to the right, in a pair of tight lacey panties. The delicious musk of pussy slowly filled the room. As I was putting two and two together the hint of soft humming filled the room. She must have had a toy on the bed. I was... Exhilarated. As the mental fog of being jet lagged disappeared, it was replaced by something entirely new. Lust. Casey was looking around her desk.
"It should be somewhere here" as she was looking through some papers.
Pushing the boundaries, a little.
"I could leave if I caught you in the middle of something," I said. "Were you face timing your friend from last night?"
Casey stopped, she said, "Were you listening to any of that?"
Without a shade of embarrassment, I said "I was"
Finding a piece of paper, Casey handed it to me. She then walked back to her bed and lay down.
"How long were you listening?" she said.
Not sure where I was taking this. I replied, "long enough."
"So you listened to what I was doing with my friend?" she said.
I realized pretty quickly that she was trying to get a confession of sorts. I caved.
"Yes, I listened to what you were doing with Cousin Alex," I said.
Casey's nipples were erect. Her face was flushed, and she was grabbing onto her bed.
"Were you also peeping on me? Did you watch any of it?" she said.
Without hesitation, I said, "I did."
"Well, I guess that makes us even." She said.
"Even?" I asked.
"Yes even, I walked in on you at the gym earlier today. I thought you knew it was me, but you were clearly too busy getting your dick sucked in the steam room."
Holy shit.
Casey was the one who walked in on me and the Milf. She was the one who watched me cum. She was the one who said fuck and ran away.
This entire conversation had me as hard as diamonds. The cat was out of the bag and we had just admitted that we had seen each other be pleasured and cum. I closed the door.
"She didn't suck my dick actually. You walked in and interrupted." I said.
"Just like how you interrupted me." She said.
"I didn't interrupt you last night" I shot back.
"Not last night," she said. "You interrupted me right now."
The cumulation of whatever was happening over the past few days peaked. My sister had just admitted to me that she was playing with herself right before I had walked in.
"I can give you some privacy. I don't want to cock block cousin Alex."
"Privacy," said my sister. "You'll just watch me from the keyhole like last night, won't you?" She said.
She was fucking right. I couldn't just walk away. I didn't have boundaries anymore, first Casey's session at 3 am, then the Milf... I was on a one-way ticket to morality rock bottom.
"I suppose you would like to be watched, wouldn't you? Just how you liked watching me earlier today in the steam room." I said.
"Maybe," she said. Glancing down at my cock and back at me.
"Clearly you like that. You blew your load the second you were caught didn't you."
Casey's hand slowly started moving around her leg. Twirling near her mound.
"I did like it," I admitted.
"Do you like showing your erection?" She asked.
"Yes," I said.
"How about now, do you want to show your cock to me big brother."
My dick throbbed, it was perfectly curved up, looking straight at her ceiling.
"Do you want to see it, again?" I asked.
Her hand went to her mound and started moving up and down through the valley of her camel toe. She slowly nodded her head.
Exhilaration, just like what the German Milf had said, led me to open this door of debauchery. And here I was cha cha sliding right through it. I questioned my actions for a nanosecond, before I slowly brought my sweatpants down, pulling my cock and balls right over the elastic band. It was out in all my glory in front of my sister intentionally.
"Play with it, big brother. Come closer and play with it right in front of me" She said with one hand on her breast and the other on her slit. She was fully clothed, and I had my goods on display. I stared at her intently.
"Show me your pussy first," I said.
Playing with the linings of her panties "this pussy" she said.
I took a few steps closer and grabbed my engorged cock. I was two feet away from her on the left side of her bed.
She slowly dipped her fingers into the side of her panty-covered mound and pulled the material to the left revealing an entirely shaved mound, that had the prettiest pussy lips I had ever seen. There was even a little toy hiding in her folds vibrating away. Her pink lips started from her delicate little nub that was decorated with little flesh petals. She spread her pussy lips. I started pumping at the sight of my sister playing with a vibrating toy in her pussy. We were staring at each other's hands breaking the boundaries of taboo. She dipped her hand under the covers and brought up a second toy. Turning it on she held the vibrator to her clit.
I stared.
"Show me your puffy nipples," I said. With her mouth agape and her eyes never leaving sight of my cock, she lifted her shirt showing me the fluffy mounds with the puffiest pink nipples. Her hand then groped her left tit and kept rubbing her nipple between her fingers.
"Bring it closer," she said, I obliged.
She was now furiously playing with herself, staring at my hard cock, not one foot away from her.
My precum was now spread all over my mushroom head creating a glistening cock. With her left hand spreading her pussy wide and her right holding the vibrator, I could tell she was close. She was ever so lightly panting with her mouth open and me jacking off in front of her face.
I was close.
"Casey, where do you want me to come?" I said
She just shook her head, postponing my orgasm until presumably, she could think straight.
I inched closer.
"Casey where do you want me to cum." I said. She looked up at me and just slowly shook her head left and right moaning.
I inched closer now with my cock right in front of her face.
"I'm about to cum all over your dirty little face Casey."
She held the vibrator down on her clit with all her might.
I positioned the head of my cock at the tip of her mouth. She was in a trance. My cock head lay on her bottom lips when she took her two wet fingers dipped them in her pussy and wrapped them around my cock. I stopped pumping as she wrapped her lips around my cock head and took over. I was in heaven. I was about to cum. I did the only logical thing I could. I grabbed the vibrator and held it down on her clit. I erupted spilling my seed all into my sister's mouth. This must have sent her over the edge because she started convulsing and sprayed my hand with her wetness. My cock plopped out as jizz seeped out of my sister's mouth and on her tits. I stumbled back and towards her desk chair as she stared at me.
Was that it, had I ruined a perfectly fine relationship with my sister? Had a German Milf really opened a door that I could no longer close?
Casey slowly put her sex toys into the top drawer of her bedside table.
She gulped down my load. She took her gaze off my cock and looked at me.
"I think you should go back to your room big brother before someone starts wondering." She said as she pointed at the door.
I looked at Casey, then down at her exposed pussy. I raised my pussy juice-covered hand to my mouth, licked my fingers, and slowly walked towards the door. As I put my hand on the handle.
"Ah ah." Said Casey. She pointed down at my relentlessly engorged cock.
"Might want to holster that before stepping out."
I tucked my cock back into my pants, gave her a nod, and walked out to the living room.
I headed straight to my room telling the rest of the family that I was extremely tired and that I needed to go to bed. Once in my bedroom, I stripped naked, laid in bed, and jerked off twice more in a row. Just re-imagining the rosy cheeks of Casey looking straight into my eyes as she slowly sucked on the head of my cock. My sister had just swallowed my load. Was she always such a slut or was her little moment of voyeurism enough to make her a little horny slut.
I was paralyzed with a never-ending stream of emotions, and the only part that had movement was my right hand. I finally collapsed after hours of jacking off and slowly drifted to sleep.
December 24th -- Christmas Eve
I slowly walked downstairs, not sure what was waiting for me at 11 am.
I entered the living room and my father was watching the news and sipping coffee.
"Morning Andrew!" He said.
"Morning" I replied.
"Coffee is in the kitchen, but I wouldn't linger in there for long as your mom is cooking up a storm." He said.
I then slowly walked into the kitchen where my mother was wearing a robe. Lia was at the table chopping some stuff in her jammies, and they both looked up and smiled.
"Hi, Hi!" I muttered.
"Hi baby -- grab whatever you need and get out, we are on a mission," my mother said.
I saluted both of them and started filling a glass of coffee.
"We are going over to our neighbor's house at 3 pm and we will have a little Christmas eve celebration with them" I glanced over to my mother, nodding. She then leaned forward, and I saw her milky white cleavage gently dangle forward. Although this would have normally gotten me rock-hard, I was still under Casey's spell.
"Sure," I said, focused on her flesh melons.
Standing up "And wake Casey up and let her know too. I need you both ready and looking your best," she said.
Not ready to face this conversation, I glanced at Lia "Hey Lia why don't you wake Casey up" I said.
"She is busy chopping" My mother shot back.
Lia just shrugged and continued. I bowed my head and slowly slumped out of the kitchen, heading down the hall to Casey's room. I raised my hand to slowly knock and paused.
Was this it, was she going to be weird, was she going to say I took advantage of her?
Taking a deep breath, I slowly knocked and turned the nob.
Casey was in her bed, on her phone. She slowly looked at me, then back at her text messages.
"Sup." She said. In a non-suggestive way.
"Sup," I replied. Shocked at her nonchalant attitude.
She then closed her phone and looked at me as if to say "and"
"Mom says we are going to the neighbors at 3 pm and that you should be ready," I said.
"Oh," she said, with a faint smile. "You will love that" she added and slowly draped her legs over the bed and got up. She walked over to her desk only wearing an oversized t-shirt.
"Is that it?" She said as she sat at her swiveling desk chair.
"I also wanted to talk about last night," I said as I closed the door.
She slowly turned in the chair. She stared at me and sat crisscrossed with her legs, pulling the shirt down in the process. I glanced down, and back up trying to catch a brief flash.
"Oh you mean how I sucked your cock and you came in my mouth?" she said.
She was so dirty.
"Yeah, that's what I meant," I said.
"What about it?" She answered.
"Well, I think it should be a one-time thing for starters."
"Oh, you didn't enjoy it?" She asked.
I was at the door of something naughty yet again. Staring at Casey.
"I think you tasted how happy I was. But I don't think brothers should jizz into their sister's mouths." I said.
She then put each leg over the armrests of her desk chair, holding her shirt down.
"I agree, that shouldn't have happened... But it did. And you then sucked my pussy juices off your fingers, did you enjoy that?"
Trembling with excitement I said, "I did."
Since I already sucked your cock, I think I had the bad end of the bargain wouldn't you say? Since you didn't repay the favor."
I slowly locked the door.
"So if I go down on you, that would be even and we will put this behind us?" I asked.
My sister then lifted the hem of her shirt, exposing her bald and glistening pussy with something pink poking out. She had the same sex toy in her pussy, some little device that was sending little vibrations in her love hole.
"I think we can give that a try." She said as she slowly pulled the sex toy out of her. It came out with a plop and she slowly pulled apart her lips.
I walked over, getting down on my knees, looking closely at her lovely pink pussy lips, I grabbed her thighs and slowly licked all the way up from her little brown puckered ass hole, to her under-stimulated clit.
She squirmed.
I slowly started licking the hood of her pussy, in long, dragged-out licks. Casey had her eyes closed and was slowly whimpering in unison. She stared at me with lust and said,
"Finger me."
I then licked two of my fingers getting them nice and juicy, as I lined them up at her opening, she gave me a slow nod as I plunged my hand deep into her folds and gave the come here motion.
She was tight and I was horny. Eager to please her little nub, I went into overdrive, continuously flicking her clit with my tongue as I slowly fingered her. She was gyrating into my face as she looked deep into my eyes.
"Where should I cum Andrew?" she said, using the same line I had used the previous night. I remained silent.
"I'm about to cum all over your dirty little face big brother," She said with a wretched little grin on her face.
It was hot.
She slowly grabbed my hair and pulled my mouth away from her opening, she then pushed my hand that was in her pussy out and started rubbing her own pussy in circular motions.
She pulled her hood a little and squirted right into my face. It was a miracle that she didn't make much noise as my face was drenched by volley after volley of sweet Casey nectar.
After an awkward ten seconds, I gave her one last lick and slowly stood up, showing off my raging erection. Sprawled out on her chair, Casey looked at my cock and back at me.
"Are we going to put all of this behind us, Andrew?" She asked.
"I will try my best," I said, putting all my efforts into not inserting my self balls deep into her pussy.
"Now we are equal." She said, and that dirty little slut of my sister was right. She threw a towel at my face for me to dry off.
I took a few steps backward, and slowly dried my face as I walked out, glancing back for one last second. Casey slowly re-inserted the sex toy into her pussy and did the shush motion with her one finger over her mouth -- as if I could tell anyone else in the house that my sister had just came all over my face.
I walked down the hall and almost wanted to run to my room so that I could jack off to the sweet scent of Casey's pussy that was covering my face. An unfamiliar voice was coming from the living room and as I walked through I saw a blonde lady that I didn't recognize. She was fit and couldn't have been older than fifty. My mother and father were talking to her and they all turned in one motion. Holding the towel in front of my erection, we all looked at each other. They then looked at the towel.
"Casey asked me to hang this up," I said.
"Andrew this is our neighbor Helga," My dad said.
"Hello, Andrew," Helga said in a slight accent.
She was the German neighbor who everyone was talking about.
"She needs help moving a few things dear, could you help her out?" said my mom.
Trying seriously to get out of it, "I can swing over in 30 minutes? I said.
"Oh but additional furniture is being delivered soon and I'm afraid we need things moved before they arrive. We did invite quite a few people" She said. "Could you come now?"
"Of course, he can." Boomed my dad as he came up to me and guided me to the front door.
My dad took the towel from me.
"Come on Andrew, she invited half the block and needs your help." He said.
He then slowly pushed me out the door with Helga following right behind me.
Fuck! What was the deal?
"Oh Andrew don't worry I won't keep you long," She said.
I nodded and followed her next door. Helga and I made small talk about how she was a pharmacist, that takes Zuma classes with Casey and how she taught Lia a few words in German. She then ushered me in and pointed to the large living room.
"I want you to meet Veronica," She said. In the living room where there was another woman who turned to greet us.
I froze.
The Blonde Milf from the Sauna was staring at me with a twinkle in her eyes. Holy fuck, they were lesbians and she was my next-door neighbor. No wonder Casey said I'd love to come here, I was face to face with the person who has set me down the path of cumming in my sister's mouth.
"Andrew this is my partner Veronica" You might have seen her at the gym, as she waits around for my Zumba classes to finish.
Not hinting at an ounce of guilt, Veronica slowly walked towards me as a predator would while circling prey. She said something in German to Helga. Then she said a bunch of things in German and both ladies started circling around me.
"Oh, so you have met." Said Helga.
"You could say that," I replied.
My cock was straining at my pants in a rather obvious way.
"We can talk after moving the furniture," Helga ordered.
"Ya" Said Veronica. "Nice to see you again Andrew". She added.
They actually had me push a bunch of furniture around, and quite like Helga predicted the doorbell rang and a bunch of high-top tables and tall chairs were delivered, they were seemingly turning their living room into a cocktail area.
After having an erection for so long I asked where the bathroom was and truly had to pee. As I was releasing a long stream of much pent-up piss, I heard the door open, and in walked Veronica. She quickly turned off the light and came up right behind me putting her hand on my mouth.
"Hello Andrew, don't worry I'm not going to do anything crazy," She said.
I was trying to focus on peeing where I remember the toilet to be, but couldn't see anything since it was pitch dark.
"I want you to think about our little session in the sauna." She said.
I mumbled "Yes" in unison.
"I also want you to think about tonight and how hot it will be watching me socialize. I intend on being behaved, but I had to come here and make sure you weren't touching yourself without me letting you." She said.
"I also wanted to give you a little gift," she said, as she snaked her hand around and grabbed my cock. She started licking my ear lobe and stroking me, covering my cock with some kind of lube in the process.
"I want you to wear this cock ring." She said, as she removed her hand from my mouth and used both her hands to slide something over my shaft and past my balls. It was a cock ring that was snug and the feel of it made the veins of my cock protrude.
"Can you do that for me?" She said.
"Yes," I said.
"Good." She said, rubbing my cock "And I can't have you take it off until I l say so." She said,
"Ok," I whispered.
"Good, now here is your reward," she said, as she turned on the light. She turned me to the mirror and was right behind me slowly jacking me off. She was naked all but for some panties with her beautiful nipples poking into me. She turned me around and pushed her panties down, exposing her beautiful bush. She lined my cock up with her lips and started furiously jacking me off into her panties.
I erupted spilling wave after wave of cum into her blonde bush and pussy lips. She pulled those panties up which were utterly covered in my seed.
"Jesus" She whispered. She grabbed a robe from the wall and put it on. Cum leaked down her legs as she walked out. I was spent. I had just erupted over this Milf and was still turned on beyond anything. I slowly wiped myself down and walked out into the living room. There Helga was waiting with a smile.
"She is wild that one," Helga said.
I could only nod.
"Head back home and thank you for all your help. See you later today!"
I slowly walked home. In the livingroom, everyone was talking about what they were going to wear. Casey even had the biggest grin on her face and was evidently aware that I was at Helga and Veronica's house. I went to my room and stripped in front of the mirror. Looking at this cock ring, it was an interesting sex toy. Subtle yet effective. Clearly, Casey knew the neighbors were sexual deviants, but thankfully my parents didn't have a clue. I napped before I was woken up by Lia who shouted from the hall that we had 30 minutes before the party.
I quickly got ready and kept the cock ring on. Who knows what the ring was for, I was too deep in this journey to stop now.
The party was overall quite uneventful. I met dozens of neighbors, but overall don't remember most of them. I kept reluctantly waiting for Veronica to do something naughty, but besides asking me if I kept the cock ring on once, she was tame.
It seemed it was a time to be Merry and celebrate Christmas, not descend into sexual debauchery as I thought.
Come 9 pm, everyone was too full and drunk to keep going like this and one by one people left.
My mother and father were also looking at each other and eventually gave the nod and the next thing I know we were saying goodbye. Casey mentioned she was going to stay for clean up, and I immediately gave her the look that I knew more was going on. She said that I was not invited so I slowly walked back home with the rest of my family and watched a Christmas movie.
After the roller coaster of a day I had, I was spent, drained, and ready to pass out.
I was getting ready for bed when around 11:30 pm I received a text from Casey.
"You up?" She said.
"Yeah". I replied.
"Is every one asleep?" she asked.
I took a quick tour around the house to confirm that they were.
"Everyone but me," I said.
"Then come over to Veronica's" she texted.
"I'll be there in a sec," I said as I slowly creeped out of my room. Tip-toing downstairs and walking out the back door I make it to Veronica's main entrance. When there I noticed a light going on in my house but didn't rule it going on much after I had snuck out. Veronica's front door slowly opened, and Casey pulled me in.
The place had cleaned up nicely.
Casey walked me upstairs to one of the rooms and sat me down on a chair in a dimly lit room. The chair was facing the middle of the room but was one of those chairs that swiveled. The blinds were closed and at a first glance I could only make out a few pieces of furniture around the dark room.
I was scared, curious, horny, and exhilarated beyond belief. You could hear the blood pumping in my veins. Casey stood next to me.
In walked Veronica from the bathroom with a little clicker in her hand. She clicked it, and I heard a faint buzzing.
It was coming from Casey's pussy. Veronica was controlling the vibrations going into Casey's pussy.
"I love that you embraced the exhilaration, Andrew. I was not sure if you were going to be along for this kind of ride, but as in all my subjects, I take you on a journey you will never regret going on."
I was in shock.
"Wasn't seeing your sister's pussy, then seeing my pussy, then cumming on both our faces the hottest thing you have ever done in your life?"
I nodded my head as Casey made a little moaning noise.
"But if you kept doing the same thing with us, it would get boring. I don't like boring, Casey doesn't like boring, and most of all we all wouldn't be satisfied with boring. Ever since I became an exhibitionist, I have found ways to make sure my life is full of surprises. That's how I met the beautiful voyeur I am married to." said Veronica. She nodded towards the back corner of the room where I could briefly make out that Helga was seated. She was leaning backward and had a hand in her pants.
"It was not until Casey told me you were coming over, that I knew of your existence. But she always wanted your approval, always looked up to you, and finally confessed that she even had fantasies about you."
Veronica slowly walked over to the window and slid apart the blinds, she then turned my chair and we both looked straight down at the windows of my house. Specifically, a window where the light was on. On my right was Casey and on my left was Veronica. The dim lights turned off in the room I was in as Veronica whispered into my ear.
"Did you wear the cock ring?"
I slowly nodded in approval.
"During our event today, Helga was able to slip some pills into your parent's drinks. Your mom told me she puts the presents out around midnight which is when the pills kick in making both your parents incredibly horny."
I saw my mother at once enter the room, quickly followed by my father. They removed some more wrapped presents from their closet and left the room.
"If our calculations are right, then don't fucking look anywhere else. And don't worry, the glass is tinted," said Veronica.
We had front-row seats to my parent's bedroom.
Then it happened.
My mom and dad came back into the room and were giddy like high schoolers. They kissed, then kissed again, and started making out. First, the shirts came flying off, then their pants, and finally her bra.
My mother's breasts were exposed and I could make out her rose-colored nipples between my father suckling them.
Veronica whispered into my ear. "Now for being a good boy and wearing the cock ring, Casey has a surprise for you"
My fly was slowly unzipped, and my engorged cock sprung free. Casey started sucking my cock as if her life depended on it. I glanced down and Veronica moved my head up.
"Don't watch your sister suck your cock. You have already shoved your nasty little cock into her mouth. Look ahead and watch your mother."
Then Veronica started licking my ear lobe, as I gazed upon my mother devouring my father's very average-sized cock. I noticed her lick up one side, and down the other, slowly pumping up and down as if she was lost in a trance. She was blowing him so hard all he could do is lay down in bliss. My mother then got up from her crouched position slowly took off her panties, and turned to the window as if looking at us. This sent a lightning bolt through my veins, but her focus was not on us. She backed up to my father who was on the bed, and in the reverse cowgirl position started riding his blood-engorged cock. At that very moment, I saw it.
I was staring into the blond curls of my mother's gaping pussy as it engulfed my father's cock.
It was heaven.
She was bouncing on him like a nymph who was possessed. Her pussy lips gripped his shaft, as she methodically impaled herself over and over onto his cock like a piston. She was glorious as her massive tits rose and fell.
Veronica stopped licking my earlobe and whispered.
"It's midnight Andrew. Merry Christmas." she then clicked the first button on the little remote in her hand.
From the depths of the room, we heard Helga orgasm with vigor. Then she clicked the second button I heard Casey moan on my cock with pleasure, hinting that she had erupted in her panties. I was still glued to my mother stuffing her pussy with my father holding the bedsheets for dear life.
"And now for the finally" whispered Veronica as she clicked the final button on the remote, which made my cock ring start to vibrate, sending a bolt of lightning through my balls, and starting the avalanche of cum that I was about to call the best orgasm of my life, straight into Casey's mouth.
As I came I was watching my mother slam down her pussy for the last time, before both my mother and father presumably erupted in their own orgasms.
Rope after rope of cum splattered into the depths of Casey's mouth, as I watched my father empty his sack into my mother. She slowly pulled her pussy off letting the jizz drip out of her and onto my father.
I finally heard Veronica start to vibrate with her own wave of pleasure, having just been surrounded by five people cumming in unison she was clearly experiencing something she had never done before.
It was a sexual experience like none other, and we were all pawns in Veronica's conquest of orgasms.
I had never been so happy to be used in my entire life. And it was truthfully the best present anyone had ever given me on Christmas.
After everyone recovered. Casey and I slowly walked back to our house, as we still had Christmas morning that we needed to wake up early for. It was something I could never have imagined, and something I will never forget for the rest of my life, the best Christmas I have ever had, and the Christmas that had unlocked the door for many crazy things to come.