Continued from Mrs Johnson's After School Club...
Debbie Johnson and Dave had been together for three months now. Her young neighbour Tim was almost a distant memory. The days of him blackmailing her into letting him take photos and then having sex with her were seemingly over.
Whether that was down to her being with Dave now, or his embarrassment at coming so quickly in the school dining hall while trying to perform anal on her, Debbie didn't know. Dave and she were very much still in the honeymoon phase, and Dave had promised her that he'd help her catch up with her sex life, and boy were they doing so.
Forty years old, Debbie had only had sex with four men, the first a couple of quick fumbles to lose her virginity, her missionary only ex-husband who had cheated on her, Tim, and now Dave, the caretaker at the school where she worked.
Dave had caught her naked after Tim had scurried off, and had given her what Tim could never. She'd never taken much notice of him before, but finding out that night that he had a very decent body coupled with a nine-inch long penis erect, she'd thrown herself at him completely.
Gossip quickly went around the school where she was deputy headmistress, why was she seeing the school caretaker? They probably only saw Dave as the guy who fixed things, always in his dirty boiler suit, they hadn't seen what he had underneath that so they'd never understand.
It wasn't just that Dave was extremely well hung, he was a very considerate lover, and an understanding person too. Debbie had half expected the owner of a cock that size to thrust fast and hard, trying to split her in two. Dave was the opposite, especially at first when she asked him to be careful because he was far bigger than she was used to, and he still was careful despite her being used to the size of him now.
Their lovemaking was sensual, but Debbie found him more and more to be asking her questions throughout, little things like what would she do if people were watching, or whether she'd prefer it if they were somewhere more public, that kind of thing.
"Why do you ask me these things?" Debbie asked as they were lying in each other's arms one night.
"Well I caught you in the middle of the dining hall, did you not think you might get caught?" Dave answered.
"Well no, not really, everyone had gone home," Debbie replied.
"But they hadn't, I was still there. And I caught you. And you fucked me afterwards. Did you not hope for that to happen?" Dave countered.
"You've also told me about the guy collecting trollies after you'd been in the shop with your buttplug in. What would you have done if he'd caught you?" he continued.
Debbie shook her head, telling him she hadn't thought that would happen.
"That's why I'm asking you, you need to find out what you'd do if you were caught. One day you might be and then you'd need to act on it," Dave said.
The conversation was left there that night. She understood what Dave was saying, she hadn't thought about the consequences of being caught, just that she needed to cum and couldn't wait until she got home.
Dave had told her a lot that she was beautiful, and she blushed each time. She still had long blonde hair and firm 34C breasts, and her arse wasn't too saggy. One night after they'd been sunbathing at their local park, Dave asked her to put on white stockings for him. Debbie ran upstairs and came back wearing not just white stockings, but a lacy white thong and a matching lacy white bra.
"I love how the colour contrasts against your suntanned skin," he commented.
He put his phone onto selfie mode and showed her. He was right, her light blonde hair and sheer white lingerie highlighted her skin colour. She did look good, he was right. She handed back the phone and he turned and took a quick couple of pictures of her.
"What are you doing?" she asked, throwing her arms across herself to cover up. Visions of Tim ran through her mind.
"Relax, you look stunning, I just wanted a couple of pictures to remember the moment, purely for my enjoyment when you're not here," he told her, grinning.
He reached up and slid a couple of fingers between her legs, taking her hand and placing it on his hardening bulge. He told her what she was doing to him, and soon the photographs were gone from Debbie's mind as she had other things to concentrate on.
Debbie awoke early the next morning in a frisky mood. She reached across to Dave's side of the bed, to find it empty. Had he not stayed last night? He rarely slept at his own house these days. Debbie remembered he'd had to go to open the school up early, to let some workmen in to complete a job before the school day began. It was a pity because Debbie had a different kind of job in mind for him.
She lay there thinking, imagining Dave was there. She thought about the questions he'd been asking, and remembered what he'd said about her looking good in white undies. Tim had said something similar when he got Debbie to wear his mum's white undies for their first photo session. She remembered how she'd put them on, and then Tim had made her go back to her own house for the photos in them, her mind re-enacting the scene, and how much she had enjoyed nearly being seen by the neighbours in her state of undress as she went between their houses.
She remembered the photo album Tim had of the girl who'd made him tie her to a tree while he hid and took photos, and how much it had turned her on to be caught by the dog-walking couple, and how turned on Debbie had been seeing the pictures.
She remembered practising with the buttplug for the last photo session, and Denise visiting while she was wearing it, just a dressing gown hiding it. Her mind played out how turned on she had been to nearly get caught by her best friend.
She remembered the shopping trip with the buttplug in and making herself cum in the car park. Her mind went through that again, with added detail. This time the milk had been on the bottom shelf. She'd only been wearing a loose summer dress, had someone had an upskirt view while she bent over to pick up the milk? Had her lace boxer shorts been that tight across her arse the buttplug had been obvious? Had she shown off too much when she'd got on tiptoes to reach the bread on the very top shelf?
Her mind played out seeing an old man in different places around the store, always grinning at her. Had he been following her? Had she stayed in the store much longer than was needed because she knew he was watching her? Had she been that turned on she didn't want to stop showing off for him?
She must have been, why else had she fingered herself in the car instead of going home first? Was it because she had seen the man collecting trollies approaching her car? She recalled that he seemed quite tall, and wondered if his cock matched how tall he was.
In her mind this man had been a little earlier, getting to her before she'd finished. He'd look shocked, then smiled at her. Debbie had wound down the window and beckoned him over. Without either of them talking, she'd opened her legs more, his hand snaking down and finding her pussy. He'd started rubbing at her when Debbie noticed his erection. Pushing the car door open, she'd unzipped him and started blowing him, his erection did indeed match how tall he was. He came down her throat just as his fingers made her cum too.
Debbie's body shook as her orgasm ripped through her. She relaxed and opened her eyes, seeing if the trolley man was still there or if anyone else had seen. She looked around to see her bedroom and realised her bed was soaked where her juices had flowed, three fingers still in her pussy and the other laying on her clit.
She'd made herself cum over something she'd made up in her mind. She'd daydreamed about being caught. Maybe Dave was right after all. She even remembered now how much she'd let herself go at the photo shoot around the pool. Her mind raced again with images of buttplugs and dildos and people watching her use them.
She had to stop, she knew she had to get ready to go to work. She briefly saw Dave there and told him a short version of her morning. He grinned and told her they'd talk more about it later.
Later that evening Debbie was cleaning the landing window. The window was quite tall so she was standing on a step ladder to reach the top part. Dave came out of the bedroom behind her, pausing to take in the view. she still had on the same skirt and blouse she'd been wearing for work, but with her reaching up the skirt was halfway up her arse.
"I thought we were eating out, you've not even changed yet," He told her.
"I'm just going to finish this one window then I'll get undressed," Debbie replied.
Then allow me to help save time," Dave answering, laughing as he did so.
He undid the zip on the back of her skirt and slid it down her legs. Before Debbie had a chance to protest, he started to kiss and lick across and in between her arse cheeks. He pulled them apart and stuck his tongue into her arse, trying to push her panties out of the way. Debbie groaned and lifted a leg to let the skirt fall to the floor. Dave quickly grabbed her leg and placed it onto the window ledge, spreading her legs a little more, giving him better access to her arse and pussy, albeit with her panties still in the way.
"Dave, let me get down so I'm more comfortable," Debbie told him
"Aren't you intrigued that someone may be able to see you?" Dave asked.
Debbie opened her eyes. She was looking straight into Denise and Ian's house. More importantly, she remembered this was the window that Tim had taken a fair few pictures of her from his house.
"Tim," she cried out, "Tim might be watching.
She closed her eyes again as Dave moved her panties to one side with one hand, and his tongue flicked across her clit. Burying his face between her arse cheeks and licking her from clit to arsehole, he reached both hands in front of her and started undoing her buttons until her blouse fell open to the world.
Part of Debbie wanted him to stop, take her in his arms and carry her to the bedroom. A bigger part of her wanted Tim to be watching. She felt Dave's hands undoing her bra, and he put his hands round and pulled the cups under her breasts, pushing them upwards. His hands traced lines down her back and sides and then continued downwards, sliding her panties down with them. She lifted her leg so they slid to the floor, then replaced it on the window ledge.
She opened her eyes momentarily, half hoping to see Tim staring back. She thought she could see someone through the window. Was it Tim? She closed her eyes again as her body started to shake, Dave darting his tongue in her puckered arsehole while fucking her pussy with three fingers of one hand, while rubbing her clit with the other. Debbie cried out loudly as she came, her body arching as she trembled to a standstill, Dave holding her steady. As she came, she saw a camera flash go off, maybe four or five times.
Dave lowered her down and carried her to the bedroom.
"Are you going to shower and change now please?" he asked her, smiling.
A couple of days later Debbie and Dave went to the shop on the way home from the school. Dave had laughed because they needed to pick up bread and milk, and Debbie said she was wearing the same summer dress too. They went into the shop and Dave saw an old man and asked Debbie if it was the same one from her dream. Debbie started laughing, then Dave said,
"Flash him your arse, see what he does, make it look accidental though."
Debbie laughed and playfully slapped him on the shoulder, but Dave wasn't laughing.
"You're serious aren't you? You really want me to?" Debbie asked.
"Yeah. Tell me deep down you're not wondering what he'd do? Tell me it doesn't turn you on to know you'll probably make his day."
Debbie didn't need to answer, she already knew from her dream. She knew he would follow her, and she'd stay in the store flashing him more and more. But that was just a dream, wasn't it?
Dave walked past the old man and stopped at the end of the aisle, so he'd have the same view as him. Debbie turned her back to them and kept her legs straight while she bent over and took longer than she needed to look at items on the bottom shelf. Dave saw the old man looking about, then staring straight at Debbie's exposed rear. Her panties were bunched into her arse, virtually all of her cheeks exposed. She stood up and walked around into the next aisle. Dave joined her.
"Oh god, that was scary and fun at the same time. Was he looking?" Debbie asked, gasping.
Dave took out his phone and showed her, he'd taken a couple of pictures from where he was.
"Oh my, he had a better view than I thought, it's a pity I couldn't see his face though to see his reaction," Debbie explained.
Dave nudged her and pointed up the aisle, where the old man was standing. He hadn't noticed them.
"Wait for me to move away, then I dare you to give him a front view. Keep looking at the items then when you think he's looking stare straight into his eyes."
Dave wandered off and Debbie looked around her. Nobody else was about. As quickly as she could, she removed her panties, picked them up and stuffed them in her handbag. She moved a little further into the aisle, her heart racing, then when she saw the old man had noticed her she crouched down, spreading her legs a little to balance.
She looked down at the shelves, picking up different items but watching out of the corner of her eye what he was doing. She saw him crouch down also, but he was only glancing up, then looking about to make sure nobody else was about. Nobody else was in the aisle. He shuffled a little closer, no more than ten feet away from her now. Debbie opened her legs more.
Debbie heard him gasp out loud in the realisation that she was wearing no panties. She looked up at him now, smiling, but he didn't notice. He was too busy stroking the growing bulge in his trousers and staring at her pussy. Debbie stared at his cock. It was a decent size. He still hadn't noticed she was looking at him. She looked about, nobody else was about, she couldn't even see Dave.
Then she surprised even herself. Staring straight at him, she ran a finger across her clit, and sighed. Now he looked up and saw Debbie smiling back at him. His expression was priceless.
"You can see mine, show me yours, quickly," Debbie told him.
The old man had a quick look around him, then unzipped and took out his cock. It was a nice size, circumcised and with a large red bulbous end.
Suddenly he pointed over her shoulder, zipped up and walked quickly away. Debbie stood and turned, expecting it to be Dave, but it was another couple. That was close, but Debbie's heart was racing at nearly being caught. she saw Dave behind them and started to tell him. He stopped her in mid-sentence.
"I know, I've been videoing it, I didn't expect you to take off your knickers too," he told her with a big grin on his face.
They went to pay for their items, joining the queue for the tills. Dave stood right behind Debbie, so close she could feel his erection in the small of her back. She reached a hand around her and brushed over it, giggling to herself as it jerked.
They got to the car and Dave took Debbie's hand and placed it in his lap.
"Is that not going to go away?" Debbie teased him.
"Not any time soon. Well, unless..." he responded, undoing his belt and zip.
"What, here?" exclaimed Debbie.
"Well, it was good enough for you!" Dave answered.
Debbie was still excited from flashing the old man, and seeing Dave's erection did nothing to calm that feeling down. She took him in her hand, stroking him softly. While she did so Dave leaned over and undid the buttons on the front of Debbie's summer dress, until it fell open. He'd forgotten she'd removed her panties, and he slid a finger across her clit. Debbie jerked and arched her back, moaning softly.
Dave teased her, flicking across her clit then removing his hand completely until Debbie grabbed his hand and forced it between her legs. She groaned and her head went back, her eyes closed as his fingers found their target. She felt Dave nudging her, and looked at him. His head nodded towards her car window, where she looked and saw the trolley man approaching.
"You were right, he is tall isn't he?" Dave said.
Debbie tried to pull the summer dress over her to cover up, but Dave kept knocking her hand away.
"Let him see. Play the scenario through," Dave whispered, as he wound down the window.
The trolley man approached the car and bent down to talk to them through the window.
"Is everything alright..." he started saying, not finishing the sentence as he noticed Debbie's state of undress and her still having a hold and stroking Dave's cock.
Dave nodded, not saying a word, but removing his hand from Debbie's pussy, a trail of juices sticking to his fingers. He nodded towards Debbie's legs. The trolley man seemed to understand.
"Can I?" he asked while surveying the large car park to see if anyone was watching them.
Dave nodded again. The trolley man pushed an arm through the open window and slid two fingers into Debbie. She groaned, and instead of protesting at this stranger fingering her, she found herself opening her legs more. He twisted his thumb up a little, so as he fingered her his thumb tweaked against her clit each time. She heard him mumble something and opened her eyes. He'd unzipped and was stroking his cock, his back to the car park.
Debbie's dream wasn't far wrong, he was only a little smaller than Dave, his cock was about eight inches long. His other hand reached in and pulled down the cups on Debbie's bra, setting her erect nipples free. Debbie responded by opening the car door, and he stepped around it. Now he stood directly by the open door, one hand on her pussy and one tweaking her nipples in turn. His cock pointed at her. Debbie turned to Dave, who grinned and nodded.
Debbie used her spare hand to guide his cock into her mouth, using her tongue to smear his pre-cum around his head and down the shaft. When he was properly coated, she sank her mouth onto him. She bobbed her head on him, running her tongue along his engorged veins, his hands slowing down on her as he concentrated on the blowjob he was getting.
Eventually, he came, Debbie keeping him in her mouth and tasting every drop. He zipped back up, thanked them, then told them he needed to get back to work and they'd need to move on or someone might wonder why their car had been in the car park for so long.
Debbie looked down at Dave's cock.
"You didn't come," she said.
"Neither did you? We'd better hurry home then," Dave replied.
They got in the house and barely stopped to shut the door, both racing upstairs. Debbie went to get undressed and Dave stopped her.
"Just undo your buttons and leave your dress open loose," he told her.
Debbie looked bemused but did as he asked. She still hadn't bothered putting her undies back on. Dave walked over to her underwear drawer and walked over with the largest dildo from the set Denise had bought her, it was eight inches long. Dave walked to the wardrobe and stuck it to the mirrored doors, at arse height, and rubbed lube all along it. He bent Debbie over and pushed the dress up her back, then guided her so the tip of the dildo was at the entrance to her pussy. She rested her hands on the bed.
Dave walked around, unzipped his jeans, and lay along the bed, side on to Debbie, his cock level with her face.
"Pretend the trolley man is behind you, and we're still in the car. Play out the scenario," he whispered.
He took her hand and guided it to his cock, and started her stroking it. she closed her eyes and let her imagination take over. She realised that what had just happened was almost what she envisioned, the car window being wound down, nobody talking as she opened her legs for him, opening the car door, blowing him, and allowing him to cum down her throat. The only difference was she hadn't cum too.
She pushed back onto the dildo, taking it in with consummate ease, rocking back and forth on it as she took Dave in her mouth. Her mind was a mixture of dream and reality. She could feel Dave's cock in her mouth, but she couldn't feel the trolley man's hands. Where were they? In her head she saw one on the open car door, the other on the car roof. He hadn't just placed them there at random, he was using them to get better leverage, to fuck Debbie harder.
Debbie quickened her pace on the dildo, riding it faster still, bobbing her head down on Dave's throbbing length as she did so. She saw a light and a click and wondered what it was. Dave had his phone out and was taking pictures of Debbie's arse in the glass. Right she thought, I'll give him something to photograph.
She eased herself off the dildo, used some of the pussy juices to lube up her arse, then slowly sunk back onto it. Her arsehole enveloped the end and it disappeared into her. She was holding Dave's cock still now, watching him watch the dildo slide up her arse, still taking photos of her. She pushed back and forth, taking more and more until it was fully impaled in her.
"Oooh Dave, he fucking my arse now, is that okay with you?" she whispered, "Oooh he feels so good inside me. Do you like the stranger fucking my arse Dave?"
Dave tried to take pictures with one hand while holding the back of Debbie's head with the other and fucking her mouth. She could feel him pulsing and reached back to finger her clit. After a few minutes, Dave arched his back and she felt the second load of the day erupting down her throat. She rubbed her clit quicker, and squirted across the glass, her body going limp as she collapsed forward over the bed, slumped over Dave, her hair mopping up the remnants of his sticky cum from his cock.
They lay in each other's arms for a while until Dave told her he was going to shower. As he got off the bed Debbie quickly picked up his phone and took a couple of pictures of his peachy firm arse. With Dave in the shower, she went into the gallery and started looking at the pictures he'd taken.
She zoomed in on some, still shocking herself at showing her pussy to the old man, only when looking back at the images she realised how wide her legs had actually been open. She got back to the ones from just and saw the excited expression on Dave's face when the dildo was in her arse.
They'd only had anal sex twice in the few months they'd been together, so to see his face seeing the dildo substitute for the trolley man in her arse slightly confused her. She remembered seeing his eyes light up when she'd teased him that a stranger was in her arse. She realised that was when he changed to fucking her mouth from her blowing him like the idea had made him close to cumming.
Dave came back from the shower, a towel wrapped around his waist.
"Don't get mad if I've got the wrong idea, but do you want me to have sex with someone else?" she asked.
"Not particularly with anyone, no. Why do you ask?" he responded.
"Well, you seem to be showing me off more, and pushing how far I'll go. Not that I mind, it's a big turn on for me too, especially as I had a fairly sheltered sex life until you" Debbie replied.
"As I've said before, I'm just testing how you react to situations. You could say I am testing your boundaries, but I can also tell what's turning you on and what's cold," Dave told her. "Anything I know you won't do I wouldn't push you on later."
"You just seemed really keen when I had the dildo in my arse, more so when I told you it was the trolley man."
"That's because I've never heard you talk like that before, I liked it," he said with a big grin on his face.
They fucked again, this time Dave fingering her arse as he did so, before cumming and both of them falling asleep sticky mess.
The weekend arrived and Dave went up to Debbie at the school.
"Hey, I had a phone call today from an old school and college mate, Nick, he wants to meet up in town for a few drinks tonight," he told her.
Debbie looked disappointed, and told Dave they were supposed to be going out themselves, but as he hadn't seen Nick for a while he could go there instead.
"Why don't you come too, Nick always used to have a girl in tow so it should be fine," Dave told her.
Debbie agreed, if he had a girlfriend at least she had someone she could talk to while the guys played catch up. Getting ready that evening, Dave asked her to wear her white stockings and suspender belt ready for when they got back home. Debbie smiled and agreed, knowing it meant a good sex session was planned when they got home.
Debbie ran upstairs excitedly, finding out the items he'd mentioned, and also a white sheer see-through boxer shorts and bra combination. She also found out her love heart buttplug. She inserted it, and put on the underwear and looked in the mirror. Her tan wasn't as good as normal, but the white material was still a good contrast. Her rosy pink nipples showed through the sheer fabric of the bra, and her landing strip of light blonde pubic hair, neatly trimmed, but still showed through the shorts. She turned, and the pink love heart on the buttplug smiled back at her.
She pulled out a black knee-length dress to wear, she'd need something dark to cover herself. She went downstairs to Dave, who wolf-whistled her, asking her if she wanted to skip going out and just get onto the aftershow instead.
They took a taxi to the pub, it was about five miles from Debbie's house and it meant they could both drink too. They walked in, got a couple of drinks, and looked around. Dave couldn't see Nick, so they found a table facing the door so he'd see them when he came in.
Dave stood up after a while and put his arms out facing the door. Debbie turned to see who she presumed was a male model, his hair as long as Dave's but all wavy, his t-shirt looked like it was about to burst, and his jeans a little too tight. Debbie looked past him but could see no one with him.
Dave and Nick hugged, then he introduced him to Debbie. Nick took her hand and kissed it gently.
"You've done well for yourself Dave, your wife is beautiful," he told Dave.
"She is, but she's not my wife yet," Dave answered.
"Yet? Is that some sort of proposal Dave," Debbie retorted, laughing.
"We'll marry someday, I know it, and I'll propose properly too, but for now we'll continue to keep having lots of fun," he said, rubbing his hand down her thigh.
"I don't mean to sound rude, but where's your partner Nick? I don't want to be a spare wheel while you guys chat all night," Debbie asked.
"We split up a month ago, I'm single now. I know Dave won't believe me, but we were together for ten years," he answered, looking a little sad.
Dave said he didn't believe him, and laughed. He explained that when they were at college women were lucky if he went back for seconds, as he'd normally moved on soon after. Even some of the female college tutors fell for his charms too. Debbie felt his eyes drop to Nick's crotch, where his cock wasn't very well hidden. She felt herself guessing he was at least as big as Dave, if not bigger. She felt herself start to get hot. She quickly had to make herself look away.
She left the guys chatting and went dancing for a while, hearing a group of three ladies each about twenty years old talking about Dave and Nick while she was on the small dancefloor. All three were checking Nick out, and each passing comment they made about his physique or looks she found herself agreeing with. Swaying around to the music she could feel the buttplug inside her, which made her feel all tingly inside. This was heightened when one of the ladies said she thought the other guy, Dave, would be the better fuck.
The girls then started talking and giggling about what they'd do with them if they had the chance. One said she'd like Nick to be fucking her hard from behind, the second disagreed and said she'd want to ride him, to see his pretty face and toned body while she writhed upon him. They giggled more. They turned to the third who'd gone quite quiet.
"I'd let them spitroast me, swapping ends. I'm actually getting wet thinking about it. Wish me luck," she said and walked off towards Nick and Dave.
Debbie felt a pang of jealousy, mixed with the enjoyment that someone found her boyfriend so attractive that they wanted to fuck them. She went to walk towards them, then remembered Dave's words. Let the scenario play out, see where it leads.
The lady walked over to them and grabbed Nick and stuck her tongue down his throat. He kissed her back passionately, and she reached a hand out and took Dave's, putting it on her arse. Dave kept his hand there but looked away. Debbie saw her put a hand between herself and Nick, and start to rub at his groin. She turned to her friends and winked. Nick then broke off the kiss and pushed her away.
She came back to her group, telling the ladies that he was gay, and the other guy wasn't interested. She looked so unhappy Debbie almost felt sorry for her. But she also knew Nick wasn't gay. This lady was very attractive, greats tits and arse, so why had he turned her down? Maybe he really wasn't over his ex.
The evening drawing to an end, Dave asked Nick where he was staying, and did he want to share a taxi. Nick told Dave he was living in a motor home, which was parked a few streets away.
"You could come and stop at ours for the night, I'll drive you to the motor home tomorrow when we've sobered up," he said, looking at Debbie.
He noticed Debbie's look of disappointment, and she took his hand and put it on her arse, so he could feel the buttplug that he didn't know she'd been wearing. He smiled and leaned into her and whispered that Nick had downed a fair few drinks, so he'd probably be asleep quickly. Debbie nodded in agreement then.
They were in the taxi quiet when Debbie broke the silence.
"I don't mind you stopping over Nick, but I felt earlier like you'd be going back to somebody else's house instead. That young lady was all over you. She told her friends you were gay though?"
Nick laughed loudly.
"It's a get out of jail card I use, it's a cheap way of telling someone I'm not interested. Anyway she wanted us both, and I didn't think you'd want to share Dave," he responded.
"Dave's his own man, he's free to do what he wants. We're not chained together yet," Debbie replied.
"Chained together, that sounds kinky," Dave laughed.
They got to the house and Dave said he'd show Nick where he was sleeping. Nick told Debbie she had a lovely home and said he was glad Dave had found someone who was both very attractive and nice, and he was a little jealous. Debbie thanked him but laughed it off as drunken slurring.
Dave returned shortly after, saying he'd shown Nick to the bedroom furthest from theirs, but he'd gone for a shower before bed. If he walked over to Debbie and grabbed her arse, playing slapping where the buttplug was.
"I bet you're turned on if you've had that in all night?" he asked.
"Yes, I thought we'd be alone so wanted you to pretend to be the trolley man and fuck my arse," Debbie said, lifting her dress and leaning over the kitchen table.
Dave walked behind her and pushed her face down and stood with his crotch squashing into her arse.
"Me fucking your arse, or Nick? I've noticed you looking at his cock a few times, but to be fair it is as nice as mine is," he whispered.
"I hadn't thought about it, really," Debbie said apologetically.
She had been doing so though. But she didn't want to tell Dave so. This was his friend and not a stranger like some random trolley man. She wasn't sure if he'd react differently.
Dave responded by turning her around and kissing her hard while his hand snaked between her legs. He lifted her and carried her up towards their bedroom. Hearing the shower, he put Debbie back down and undid the zip on the back of her dress, letting it slide to the floor. He kicked off his trousers and top, and leaned her against the bathroom door, standing behind her with his erection digging into her back. His hands held her hands high up on the door. His hands traced down her arms, sending shivers through her body.
"What about if the door swung open and you could see Nick now?" Dave asked. "What would you do?"
Debbie turned and knelt, releasing Dave's cock from his boxer shorts, lining it towards her mouth. You looked up directly into Dave's eyes.
"You'll have to cum quickly Nick, Dave will be finished showering soon, he might see us," she said, engulfing Dave's cock.
She felt Dave's cock pulse and throb in her mouth as she bobbed her head up and down on him, clamping her lips around him. She put a hand up and played with his balls. She reached the other hand around and stuck a finger by his arsehole, teasing right at the entrance. Just as they heard the shower turn off, Dave erupted down her throat. Once finished, she stood, took his hand, and led him to their bedroom.
Once there she quickly took off her bra and peeled off her sticky shorts, stood there in her sheer white stockings and matching suspender belt, staring at him.
"Did you mean what you said about us being chained together?" Debbie asked him.
"We will probably get married someday, yes," Dave answered.
"I didn't mean that," Debbie answered, pointing to the base of their bed.
She reached into her underwear drawer and took out two old pairs of tights she had, she'd been meaning to throw them out anyway. The base of their metal bed had a small guard on it, like a mini metal fence. Debbie had teased Dave one night by lowering herself down onto one of the bedposts.
She tied one foot of one of the tights to the one side of the bed rail, then tied a foot of the other tights to the other side. She lay on the bed, her head towards the bottom, and stretched her arms up. Dave knew what she wanted but she told him anyway.
"Tie my hands up so I can't get out, but so I'm not too fixed," she asked him.
Dave did so and stepped back. Debbie twisted about on the bed, loose enough that she could turn over, and sliding off the end of the bed she could manage to stand over the bed rail too, her arms crossed over. She clambered back onto the bed and raised her legs.
Dave lay between them, kissing gently on her wet pussy lips and around the buttplug, teasing her by not touching her clit. Debbie moaned softly, urging him to kiss her there. He planted kisses along her inner thighs and slid two fingers into her pussy. Debbie groaned louder than she intended. Dave planted one single kiss on her clit, then started to work his way up her body.
His tongue kissed across her hips, into her belly button, and across each nipple, all the while working two fingers into her slowly. His kisses reached her neck, and as he got level with her he slid between her legs and used his hand to brush his erection against her clit. Debbie squealed loudly, her panting getting louder too.
Dave ran his cock along her inner thighs, tracing sticky pre-cum lines up to her stocking tops, and back to her clit. He turned onto his side, pulling Debbie with him, and entered her pussy. His lower leg held Debbie's to the bed, he used his hand to pull the other up to spread her, and started to fuck her slowly but using all of his length on her, sliding it almost all out and sliding the whole lot back in, pausing when she was filled. Debbie begged him to play with her clit to make her cum.
He leaned back a little, trying to do the opposite and make no contact with her clit at all. He kept up the same slow methodical pace until she was almost sobbing for release.
Instead, he turned her so she was face down, him lying across the top of her. Keeping his cock fully impaled in her, he reached under her and roughly pulled at her nipples. Debbie's groans got louder still, and she told him they were going to wake Nick up if he didn't make her cum quickly.
Dave ignored her and twisted her again, spooning her as they faced towards the bedroom door. He pulled her body down a bit more so her arms were outstretched, then finally reached around and touched her clit. Debbie squirmed, but he removed his hand.
"Teasing bastard," she thought, "I'll remember this next time he wants to cum."
Then there was light shining into the room, and she realised the bedroom door must have swung open, the light from the landing flooding in. She looked towards the open door and saw Nick silhouetted in the doorway. His muscled upper body glistened where he still had droplets of water on him, and although he had a towel wrapped around his waist a very obvious erection tented from it. Dave seemingly hadn't noticed him.
Nick looked directly at Debbie, saw her eyes locked onto him, and smiled. He did not attempt to go out, instead, his eyes scoured her body, taking in her beauty. Debbie went to speak to him but still wasn't sure what reaction Dave would have. She also was enjoying this fit handsome man giving her admiring glances. Suddenly Dave looked over her shoulder.
"Make yourself comfortable if you're staying," he told Nick.
Nick went to sit on an armchair that Debbie used by her dressing table. Debbie realised that Dave wasn't fazed about Nick seeing her naked, in fact encouraging him.
"If you're going to sit down, you might be more comfortable if you lose the towel," Debbie panted.
Nick grinned and undoing the towel he let it drop to the floor. His erect cock jutted from his impressive body, around the same size as Dave's but possibly a little fatter. He sat down on the chair, settling down like he was about to view an adult movie.
Dave tweaked his finger across Debbie's clit again, making her cry out again.
"Make me cum you bastard," Debbie shouted. Dave laughed.
"That's not very ladylike language, and in front of our guest too," he teased.
Nick stroked his cock, and looking Debbie directly in the eyes, said "May I?"
Debbie nodded vigorously.
"Please," she pleaded, "I'm so close."
Dave kept still behind her, his cock right up inside her. Nick knelt on the bed, put a hand on the base of his cock, and used it to rub along Debbie's clit like he was using a dildo on her. Debbie arched her back, her body shook, and it took just a few seconds for her orgasm to flow through her, her juices escaping despite Dave filling her up.
Her body relaxed now, Dave told her he thought Nick deserved a reward for helping out. Debbie tried to reach out for him, but her hands were tied. She nodded but said nothing. Nick moved up the bed and held his cock towards her mouth, close enough that Debbie had to move her head to get to him. She did so willingly, sliding her tongue around his head and coating his pre-cum all around it, then sliding the cock into her mouth, slowly as she couldn't use her hands to guide him in.
"Oh fuck, she gives good head," Nick said.
Pleased with his comment, Debbie moved her head quicker, Nick's hand going to the back of her head. His hand twisted in her hair, pulling her mouth onto him, saliva flowing out of her mouth and dripping across her tits.
Dave asked Nick to stop for a bit, then pulled Debbie over so she was lying on top of him. He used his hands to push her into a more sitting position, her hands resting on his shoulders. Nick stood on the bed, straddled them both, then fed his cock back into Debbie's mouth. Dave put his hands on Debbie's hips, and she started to ride on his cock. Her groans got louder and louder despite the cock filling her mouth, Nick standing still now and letting Debbie work his cock. After a while, he pulled his cock from her mouth, stood down off the bed, and asked Dave if he was getting any more than a blowjob.
"You'll have to ask the lady, it's her body after all," Dave replied.
"Only if you're sure Dave, two cocks is great but I don't want us falling out over this later on," Debbie told him.
"She's all yours then Nick," Dave said grinning.
He moved Debbie off him and lay her down on her back. Nick grabbed some pillows and put them under her head, tilting it upwards. He climbed back on the bed, knelt over her body and squeezed her tits together as he slid his cock between them. He asked Debbie to open her mouth and stick her tongue out. Each time he slid his cock forward his head hit her tongue, Debbie trying to get him into her mouth too.
Dave had settled into the armchair now but dragged it closer to the bed. He took a couple of photos of Nicks cock between Debbies tits. Nick then started to kiss down her body, licked her nipples for a while, then slid down until his tongue found her clit. Debbie's back arched as he licked at her, barely touching it but enough for her to writhe about. He continued to lick her then put his hands on the back of her knees and forced her legs up.
"Well, what do we have here then? This night is getting better and better."
Dave knew he was talking about the buttplug.
"I told you she was marriage material mate, she's had that in all night," he said.
Debbie blushed.
"No wonder you were so close to cumming earlier, I bet you'd been on edge for ages haven't you?" Nick asked Debbie.
Debbie simply nodded at him.
"We'll leave it in for a little longer then shall we?" Nick told her.
Still holding her legs up, he knelt between her legs and lined his cock against her pussy, the head just parting her lips. Debbie groaned again.
"Are you sure?" Nick asked.
"Just fuck me already, stop fucking teasing me," Debbie cried out.
Nick slid forward and most of his length went up her first time of asking. Debbie's mouth fell open, Nick altered his arms so Debbie's ankles were on his shoulders, leaned forward as much as he could so they were almost above her head, then started to fuck her hard and deep. The bed started to rock and shake as he drove into her, Debbie's groans loud enough to wake up the entire street. Dave walked around the bed, mixing masturbating over them with taking photos from various angles.
Nick fucked her at a relentless pace for a good while, then Debbie cried out she was cumming again. Nick took one hand and stroked at her clit, her orgasm shaking her body as her pussy gripped him tightly. Not giving her much chance to relax, Nick flipped her over so she was on all fours.
Dave got up onto the bed and sat by the bed rail, pulling Debbie's mouth down onto his cock. Nick primed himself and filled her pussy again, her cries stifled by Dave's cock. He started fucking her at the same relentless pace, Debbie was convinced the bed was going to break. Each thrust pushed her mouth down onto Dave's cock, almost gagging her as he did.
Nick started to play with the buttplug as he fucked her, pulling it as he did so that it was close to coming out, then pushing it back in as he thrust back into her pussy. Dave heard him gasp, as Debbie groaned even louder, as he pulled a little too far and the buttplug slid out of her with a loud slurping sound. He stared down at her gaping, inviting arsehole. He stopped fucking her, took his cock out, and holding the base put it at the entrance to her arse, pushing in slightly, waiting for any resistance from Debbie. Hearing nothing, he pushed in slowly more and more each time, spitting on his cock to create a bit more lube.
"Oooh Dave, he fucking my arse now, is that okay with you?" she whispered, "Oooh he feels so good inside me. Do you like your friend fucking my arse Dave?" she continued, mirroring what she'd said to Dave with the dildo in her arse pretending it was the trolley man.
Nick started to fuck her slowly, long deep strokes making sure she felt every inch and every vein stroking along the inside of her arse. Dave threw his phone to him and asked Nick to take a few photos of his cock in Debbie's arse. He did so, threw his phone back, then settled into his rhythm fucking Debbie, enjoying the look of her arsehole contracting with his thrusts, the view of her arse and stocking-clad legs. His thrusting got faster and faster until Debbie could barely keep Dave's cock in her mouth.
Nick stopped after a while, and Debbie heard him say something to Dave, who sat up more. Nick, still with his cock in her arse, pushed her body upwards so that she was sitting astride Dave. He lifted her body, Dave positioned his cock, and then Nick lowered.
"Oh fuck. Oh fuck. Oh fuck," cried out Debbie as Dave filled her pussy.
Two nine-inch cocks almost fully impaled in her. She only needed another for her mouth, she thought. Greedy bitch, she also thought. If someone had told her this scenario only a year ago, she'd have laughed for ages at the suggestion. Now here she was, and absolutely loving it.
She rested her hands on Dave's shoulders and started to ride them both, both men keeping still while she got used to them. Debbie had felt pleasure before, but nothing came anywhere near this feeling of being so full of cock. Nicks hands reached around her and played with her nipples, while Dave's hands pulled her head to him, kissing her passionately, his tongue feeling as far down her throat as his and Nicks cocks were in her arse and pussy.
Getting more used to them now, Debbie started to ride quicker, trying to clamp herself on them, trying to urge them to cum.
"Cum in my arse Nick, while Dave fills my pussy with his load," Debbie pleaded.
She started to ride quicker, almost crying out in pain despite having both of their cocks in her for quite some time now. Sweat poured down her body, her blonde hair soaked and sticking across her back and chest, and down her face. Rivers of sweat poured down her stomach and mixed with her pussy juices. Her sheer white stockings were even more see-through, especially the backs of her knees and on the tops. She rode them like her life depended on it, faster and faster, her arse cheeks slapping against Nick's thighs.
Eventually, she felt Nick's cock pulsing, and he cried out that he was going to cum. Debbie kept up the same pace, Nick's hands going to her shoulders as he came, flooding her arse with spurt after spurt of his sticky load, grunting loudly with each spurt. That sent Debbie over the edge and she started to cum too, and about thirty seconds later Dave emptied himself into her well-fucked pussy.
Nick got up, sweat-drenched, and went to sit in the armchair. Dave scrambled from under Debbie, who lay exhausted face down on the bed. Reluctantly she let Dave pull her back onto all fours, as he took pictures of two loads of sperm trickling from her arse and pussy, both of them looking very red and sore looking.
They all sat or lay around letting their bodies relax until Nick announced he was going in the shower and definitely going to bed this time. He kissed Debbie and told her he was glad she let him stop over. He wandered out and shut the bedroom door. Dave sprawled across the bed next to Debbie, stroking her arse.
"Well, was that worth bringing him back?" Dave asked.
"Yeah, that was amazing, thank you," Debbie said, kissing him.
"Next threesome, how about if we try another woman with us?" Debbie asked flirtingly.
"Next threesome? Someone sounds keen. You have anyone in mind?" Dave asked. Debbie just smiled.
"Maybe," she answered.
She did already have someone in mind, she'd just need convincing and maybe quite a few gin and tonics first.