Sindy's Skinema
It was 10 am on a Wednesday afternoon. Sindy had just woken up and poured herself a glass of water. She woke up in a rather flirty mood. Feeling frisky she decided she to walk over to the closet and take a peak in. Leaning on one side while holding the door frame and tapping all four fingers. She was staring at her closet. Years of collecting clothes,heels,lingerie and wigs. She was very proud of her collection and all the fun it's brought her. With a grin on her face. She smiled and smirked. She just had an idea of what she's gonna do for the day.
She turned and walked down the hall with a hop and skip she pranced down the long hall to the shower to start getting ready, her hips started swaying more and more. Sindy's walk was perfect. Light on her toes, walking on the balls of her feet. Years of dance and ballet made Sindy very aware of the way her feet pointed, how she walked and how her legs were posed. She felt her best assets were her feet. Then her legs. She kept her toes done and pedicures every two weeks and her legs shaved smooth and toned. She was standing in the bathroom now leaning over the tub. Her perky butt pointed upward because of the way she was standing bent over. Never fully flat footed on the floor. She felt that was savage and extremely not lady like. She turned on her date night playlist on her phone as she started to get ready. Nineteen Forty's style jazz and swing music. There's something sexy about it. She dropped her robe and headed to the bathtub. Her long legs raising up. Very showgirl like. Hand running up her thigh dipping her toe in the tub. Lathering up and making her skin shiny and slick. Rubbing herself down she was getting excited for her plans. The bubbles covering her smooth skin. Raising her hand smiling and making princess like elegant motions with the bubbles running down her arm.
Sindy steps out of the bath and steps on the bath matt. Drying off and walking to her closet room and sits in front of the mirror at her vanity. As she sits and looks at her face like a blank canvas she starts primping. She gets her lips and eyes just right. Pouty red full lips to match her fingers and toes. Guys can't resist that. Her lashes are long and full and makes her look irresistible when she decides flutters them at you. Her face is all done and she walks over to her one of four dressers. This one is all nylons and garter belts. She pulls out a shiny sheer pair of Cecila De Raphael pantyhose. A black garter belt and a pair of ultra sheer stockings. She picks out a pair of inch black mules. A skirt that is float but also tight and form fitting. A black waist cincher and a black bullet bra. She lays the items all out to plan her attack. She sits on the bed next to the clothing. She slides one foot into the pantyhose and slowly pulls them up. The feel of the nylons has always aroused her. She's been an avid hosiery collector since her teens.
She stands to get the pantyhose just right and make sure everything is in place where it needs to be. This is the moment she lives for. Sindy is completely turned on when putting her nylons on. As she's rock hard in the sheer pantyhose she hooks the garter belt around her waist. Then sits down and coils on stocking up in her hands. Her feet perfectly arched on the ball of her foot, she lifts one leg and slowly slides the nylon up her her left leg watching in the mirror biting her lip. She's always loved layers since a boyfriend she had made her try it and she saw how hard he stayed the whole time and couldn't keep her hands off her. She repeated the same step with the other leg and then began to hook the stockings to the garters. She took a minute to kick her perfectly shaped legs around and get turned on even more. Bringing her heels down she slowly slides into her six inch stiletto mules. Her friends always told her she's gonna break her neck in them. Sindy's always said that's why they don't have dates. You gotta put the effort in girls.
As she gets in the cincher and bullet bra, she stops to take a peek with a huge smile on her face. She's ready to slide into her skirt a form fitting slinky skirt with a slit up the side so when she sits down her stocking top peaks out. She's caught many of men, with their wife's of course, trying to catch a look when she wears that dress. She grabs her see through white long sleeve blouse and buttons it up. She heads over to her wigs. She grabs the brightest platinum one she has. The hair comes to the shoulders and the bangs to her eyebrows. Very sixties mod spy vibes. She grabs her purse looks in the mirror one more time to fix her lipstick and fix her hair and says out loud "Time to make some men dizzy!" As she winks to herself grabs her jacket and heads out of the apartment.
Sindy lives in a swanky upscale bachelorette type apartment building. She has some beautiful white shag rugs. Baby pink wallpaper with mirrors on a lot of the walls with a built in jacuzzi tub. That was the selling point for the apartment because the area of town was not the best. She lived three blocks from the entertainment district. The playhouses and theaters and a lot of bookstores. Some of these book stores had little art houses in the back. She decided she wanted to check out this new independent movie people have been talking about. So she left her building. The door and lobby people had no idea about Sindys double life. They just all assume she was a natural born female. Sindy loves that feeling. It can be a bit scary at times but she was lucky enough to be born with features that made her extremely passable. The ballet and etiquette classes also helped. As she passed the lobby and onto the street the cool fresh air hit her face and she began walking.
Sindy was all about the looks, even the cat calls. She loved showing off her legs. She remembers one time at a car show, she was posing and the photographer managed to get video of a guy crazing his scooter staring at her legs. She was always in control of her seduction tactics. guys always lose it around her and she ate it up. She knew what she had and how to work it. She loved the way her legs looked in nylons so she thought she'd see if the guys liked it too. She was on the corner waiting to cross the road and she could feel the guy next to her staring at her legs. She made it a point to stretch her nylon covered leg. She could see him from the corner of her eye as he turned more to face her and take in the whole look. She stood like a flamingo balanced in one six inch heel as she took her foot out of her other heel and stretched and spread her toes. The guy next to her grabbing his jaw and wiping his mouth to make sure he wasn't drooling. She could hear him whisper "Jesus." She loved being able to make men do that it was a power trip. From the first time she put heels on she got it. She understood the power of being sexy and feminine. And she lived she could do that and they didn't know her secret, or they just didn't care.
She passed by a newsstand and grabbed some gum. There was a gentleman there looking at some magazine. Some car magazine or something. He kept looking her legs up and down. "I love your look" he said "Thank you sugar" Sindy replied as she started walking past him. He smelled amazing. He was a handsome well built man. Heavily tattooed and obviously her type. But she wasn't his, she assumed every guy she liked wasn't interested in her. She would tell herself "I'm not a real woman he won't like me." She was in her own head "he knows I'm not female" she said to herself.
Something about this guy made her lose her sensibility. She wasn't in danger but she knew this guy was trouble. She could feel herself starting to bulge in her pantyhose. As she gets hard in sheer suntanned pantyhose, her getting harder against the nylons sends her legs into mini convulsions.
She walked around him and smiled nervously as she passed him. She lost her confidence in that moment. Her heels clicking rapidly. Wearing layers of nylons and heels with no straps was tricky. She stumbled a bit and he caught her arm.
"Are you ok" he asked helping her regain her footing.
"Gotta be careful with those heels, they're not exactly for walking." He said to her with a smile.
"Yeah I'm great, thank you." She said as she shuffled away as quick as she could.
"Of course I decide no panties today. I wanted to make men dizzy not myself. Why am I done up like this at 1pm." All these thoughts in her head. She loved glamming up at all hours. She believed that a lady should always be in nylons and heels. So she's lived by that thought.
Sindy has never actually dated a guys she's been attracted to. She loves the straight masculine type. A man's man. The type that would shun her in school for being to femme. She started dressing femme after she got in drama and picked up a few female roles. The type that no matter how pretty she was, and when she dolled up she was hotter then the homecoming queen, they would be grossed out cause she was like them. Born a guy by biology standards. But some of those type of guys had no problem calling girls like her at 3 am after a few beers and the head cheerleader gave them blue balls. She left her hometown cause she would never be a housewife there. She wanted more but her looks put her in a certain box so she ran with it, for now. Most the guys that would be seen with her or that would financially take care of her were book worm types that she would definitely be in charge. That's not a bad thing. A girls gotta survive, but she wants a man's man to make her feel right. Like a woman should feel.
She was around the corner from the movie house now. Chucks Grindhouse. A sleazy rundown book store with a small theatre in the back. Sign out front read "Chucks Books" in big bold red letters. There was some lettering on the blacked out doors it read "Pinups, Burlesk, Grindhouse and Books" with some burlesque style girls painted on them As she got to the door of the book store she opened it and went to the counter.
"Hey Chuck!" Sindy said bubbly. And with a sigh of relief because she was in a comfort zone. Going out in the daytime is a thrill but has its moments when it feels to much.
"Oh hey Sin! Where ya been!?" Chuck asked.
"Oh you know working keepin the lights on"Sindy said with a smile.
Chuck was an old timer that loved Sindy. He gave Sindy her first job when she got to town. He's watched her transformation and has always been supportive of her. Even helping her get catalogues to order clothes and things.
"Here's a stack of new catalogues for you Sin." As he handed her them.
"Oh Chucky! Your the best!" She leaned over and kissed his cheek.
"Hey hey no marks the wifes gonna be jealous!"he said as they both giggled.
"I won't tell if you don't tell." Sindy said with a wink.
"The movies about to start right? Is it ok if I head in?" Sindy asked.
"Of course babe! My house is your house!" He said to her as he buzzed her in.
The theatre was small and only maybe fifty seats. Sindy sat closer to the back. She had a beer that Chuck gave her. She was sitting legs crossed admiring her stockings and the way her toes looked in the heels and the shine of the pantyhose while sipping on her beer through a straw when she heard someone say something.
"They're mesmerizing! I can't keep my eyes off them" he said
It was the guy from the newsstand. Sindy sat there in almost a panic. She wanted to make guys get worked up but this is the type of guy she's actually attracted to and there's no way he's into a girl like her she thought again. She could feel her self getting worked up and she stammered and was clumsy with her words.
"I guess they're ok for what they're attached to." She said as she closed her eyes and can't believe she said that.
"Well your obviously thinking they are cause you've been staring at your own legs for three minutes." He said as he sat down next to her.
"Oh fuck" Sindy thought to herself. She could feel her girlcock getting harder in her nylons and start to bulge.
The movie had already started. And he wasted no time and was feeling her nylon clad knee that was crossed over her other leg. Her breathing was becoming heavy and his hand explored them.
She absolutely loved the feeling as his hand started sliding up the skirt. She grabbed his hand and tried to stop him for a second. He leaned in and said something to her that made her legs uncross and open.
"I wanted you since I saw you swaying down the street. I can't get you out of my head. I needed to feel those legs." He said quietly to her as her legs started opening and his hand was gliding in. Now at the stocking tops he's tracing with his finger tips. Sindy is so turned on now she's almost leaking. She leans in to almost kiss him and stops. She grabs his hand again and blurts out in a breathy whisper
"I'm a man, I have a cock...." She said almost in a aroused panic.
Whenever this topic comes up she doesn't know where this goes. You always hope for the best though.
He forces his hand up her skirt and grabs her pantyhose covered cock and says "so what." As he leans in to kiss her neck.
"Oh fuck..." she whispers out loud as she loses all her senses
His forceful manly mechanic or construction worker physique over powered her slender frame as he almost manhandles her closer to him. She went weak in his arms and she loved this feeling. Usually the men she's with are not so masculine. This guy knew what he wanted and was going to take it regardless. And she's was all in for it. Normally she was in control. But every girl wants an alpha.
She reached down as he kissed her neck and ear and felt his bulging cock through his jeans. Sindy's eyes almost rolling to the back of her head as he glided his fingers softly over her nylon covered cock. Started to stroke his cock faster in the jeans.
"Fuck this."He said as he unzipped his pants and pulled his throbbing cock out.
From what she could see from the movie scene light his cock was three fingers thick. A fat cut head. A nice very slight curve that she could imagine hitting her spot if she was on her back for him. She ran her nails up and down his shaft and she could feel him tremble. His hand on back of her neck he squeezed whenever he had a tremble from her nails.
There was a few people sitting front of them. And they turned for a second to see what the rustling was. Sindy and the man froze. Both their hands gripped each others cocks in a panic.
He leaned in and whispered "I love these nylons on you." It made Sindy's cock twitch. He enjoyed that.
"Oh you like that do you?" she said.
This was an indie movie not a sleaze movie so the people in here weren't perverts, like us apparently. They turned back around and he let loose of Sindy's cock. He started stroking it soft and slowly, kissing her neck. Sindy started tensing up and writhing in her seat. Her knees and thighs pulling together. Her toes started to pull together and her heels pointed out very pigeon toed like. Her hand still not letting loose of his fat cock as he ran his tongue up her neck. Stroking her soft nylon covered cock. Her free hand grabbed his face and she started kissing him deep as she started cumming in his hand. He gripped sindeys cock and drained her deep. She was convulsing a bit. She was so relaxed still kissing him. She threw her relaxed leg over his knees. She started stroking him fast. Still holding his face and kissing him. She stopped and looked at him. She looked him in the eye. Paused for a second as she kept stroking him fast.
"Cum on my fucking stockings now!" Sindy demanded.
He was pushing his hips toward her hand to fuck it deeper.
"Yeah baby cum for your Mistress!" Sindy said very sternly.
"Of fuck yes!" The guy said as he grabbed her by the throat are and started kissing her deep. She could feel his cock fighting up and she aimed it at her legs.
"Yes baby let loose!" She said loudly. Not realizing how loud it was.
The man let a loud grunt out and she could feel her stocking legs get soaked with a warm fluid as she was feeling him get softer in her hand. Sindy was licking and kissing his neck.
"I need a man like you in my life." She said.
"Fuck. Did I just say that" she thought to herself.
"I need to go to the bathroom I'll be right back." Sindy said to him leaving all her things next to him as a reassurance that she'll be back.
Sindy scurried to the restroom and removed her stockings.
"I knew there was a reason I layered today." Sindy whispered to herself.
She lifted up her dress and could see the wet spot he caused and it was running down her leg between her nylons and skin. She shuddered at the thought of how amazing it was. She was coming out of the bathroom and just in time as the guy was walking toward her.
"Oh hey, your leaving?" Sindy asked.
"Yeah this movie isn't for me and I got what I needed." As he smiled and kissed her forehead.
"Maybe we'll see each other soon." He remarked.
"Well these are for you." She handed him the used stockings and gave him a small photo of herself with her number scrawled on the back.
"I won't be mad if you call me sometime. What's your name anyways?" Sindy asked.
As the guy was walking away down the hall he lifted the nylons that smelled like my favorite perfume and inhaled them and raised his eyebrow. He looked slightly intoxicated and said "maybe you'll find out sooner then later.... Mistress."
Sindy smiled. And blew a kiss goodbye.