Author's Notes: This is another chapter in my story about Eve. Please read the previous chapters for background on the characters and story plot before reading this chapter.
* * * * *
"You just can't get enough, can you?" Bill joked with me after we had sex for a couple hours on a Monday night. I was fortunate that Bill had learned how to last a long time, but it wasn't always enough.
"Jerry's right. I've become a nymphomaniac. I want more sex, and in more extreme ways." I replied.
"What sort of extreme ways? Maybe I can help." Bill was trying to be supportive.
"I've had several reoccurring dreams or fantasies. Maybe these things separately, or possibly together." I responded.
"Like what?" he asked.
"First, I know we've spoken before about group sex. I've had a threesome and a foursome. And you know I loved it. Now I fantasize about having sex with many men, fucking them one after another until I cannot take anymore. And I don't know what that limit is. It is exciting to think about and it scares me a bit."
"So," Bill responded. "You have a fantasy about fucking many men and you don't know how much you could take before losing it all?
"Yeah, something like that." I agreed. "And there is another thing. Cum dump. At the end of that threesome, which became a foursome, where Brad, Luke, and you coated me in hot cum, I had an incredibly intense, and totally unexpected, feeling of euphoria. I think I want to do this again, with many more men spraying their cum upon me. Is that sick?"
"No, I think that is a perversion shared by others." Bill replied. "Let me think about all this."
- - - - -
I didn't think much about that conversation until a few weeks later. One evening while I was at Jerry's house, he asked if I could help him Friday night. He was having some guys over to watch the big fight, another of those "Fight of the Century" events, and he thought it would be cool if I played the role of the Ring Girl.
"Ring Girl? What does that involve?" I asked.
"Fights have a ring girl." Jerry explained. "She wears a skimpy outfit and between rounds she walks around holding up a card indicating the number of the next round."
"So I would just be eye candy? That's it?"
"Well, yea. Basically that. You could also serve food and drinks." Jerry expanded my role.
"Holding up a card with the round number and serving drinks and food? That's all I would be doing?" I asked Jerry, skeptical that was really all he wanted me to do.
"Well maybe, you might provide some entertainment. Maybe you would dance for them." Jerry replied.
"Dance? " I could see where this might go. "Maybe a striptease?"
"Only if you wanted to do that." Jerry replied as a grin spread across his face.
"Will Bill be there to watch the fight?" I asked.
"Oh, he's already accepted his invitation." Jerry replied.
I wondered if Jerry had hatched this fight watching party idea himself, or if Bill had helped plan it. Either way I thought it would be fun. After all, what sex-crazed nymphomaniac such as myself, didn't want to spend a Friday night with a group of horny men?
"I'll do it, just for you, Jerry." I gave him a hug and a kiss. "What shall I wear?"
"Something skimpy that shows a lot of flesh. I trust your judgment."
I realized it was likely that I may get some sex at this party. I often had sex with Jerry while Bill watched and took photos. But I never had sex with another man, even with Bill, while Jerry watched. I wondered how Jerry might react if that happened. Maybe he wanted to show me off as much as Bill like to show me off. Always a first time.
- - - - -
Friday night came and I was sure I had just the perfect outfit for me to be the ring girl for Jerry's Fight-of-The-Century watch party.
While I got ready that evening at home, my husband Bill watched with great interest. I took my time fixing my hair and putting on my makeup. I may have overdone the heavy eye shadow, mascara, and lipstick. Last I added a touch of perfume.
"Do you think this is too heavy on the makeup?" I asked Bill while I stood totally naked in our bathroom.
"Not at all, Babe. You're looking really hot. I'm sure the guys will love you as our private Ring Girl for this fight." Bill replied with a grin on his face. He paused and then asked. "What are you planning to wear? I assume you're not going naked."
"I have a special new outfit for tonight. Why don't you step into the bedroom and close the door behind you. I'll put on my outfit and then model it for you." I said as I gently shooed him out of the room.
I pulled the small bag out of my closet and removed the three piece set made of shiny silver lamé. First I put on the front-tie halter top. I tied the front tight as that pushed up my breasts and created more cleavage. I knew the guys would love that. The bottom was two pieces, although both were tiny. First I put on the g-string thong which was just a small triangle of silver cloth held in place with a bit of stretchy string. Over that I put on the pleated micro-mini skirt. It was only about 4 inches wide: 1 inch of waist band and 3 inches of pleats. I pulled it way down on my hips so the front barely covered my pussy. It was nowhere close to covering the curve of my ass. I couldn't believe I was going to expose so much to a bunch of guys I likely didn't know. But I trusted Jerry and Bill to keep me safe.
Last I put on my 4" black strappy high heels stilettos, my 'Fuck Me' shoes. I opened the door and stepped out into our bedroom. Bill was waiting eagerly, as I knew he would be.
"HOLY SHIT!" Bill exclaimed. "You look incredibly hot. I hope you're okay with everyone trying to fuck you."
"Wasn't that the idea when I was asked to be the Ring Girl?" I asked. Having sex was never specifically mentioned by either Jerry or Bill, but I felt certain that was the idea. Bill loved to share me with other men, and it appeared that Jerry was willing to share me also.
"I can't speak for Jerry, but if you're wearing that, it will be hard to stop anyone. Are you okay with that?" Bill replied.
"I'm okay with that, as long as they all wear protection." I replied with my sultry voice. "But will Jerry be okay with me having sex with other men, in his house, possibly while he is watching? He's never watched me have sex with another man, as you have done."
"Jerry and I actually discussed that when we were planning this watch party." Bill replied. "I convinced Jerry that it is incredibly hot watching you fuck other men. No jealousy for me. He thinks he will have the same reaction. But we will see. As for protection, I took our basket of condoms over to Jerry's earlier today."
'So he was planning on me having sex with the guys', I thought. My pussy tingled at the possibilities.
"I can't wear this to walk over to Jerry's house, even if he lives next door. Someone else might see me, and we can't have that." I told Bill as I began to remove the halter top, the pleated skirt, and the high heels. I decided to take these in the small bag. To make the short walk to Jerry's, I put on tight T-top, my sexy jeans, and wedge sandals.
"I'm ready to go." I announced as I took Bill's arm and we left for the Fight Watching Party.
- - - - -
As planned, Bill and I arrived at Jerry's before the other guests. Jerry was still making preparations for the party. He had already arranged two leather sofas and four leather side chairs in two rows in his living room facing his large screen TV. And when we arrived, he was in the kitchen with the food and drinks. It was our custom to just let ourselves in, as we were almost as close as family.
"Hey Jerry!" I announced our arrival. It appeared he hadn't heard us enter the house.
Jerry looked up at me. Initially he smiled, then he looked puzzled.
"Don't get me wrong, Eve." Jerry said. "You do look really hot with your hair and makeup done. But I expected for you to be wearing something sexier. You know, skimpier, showing more flesh."
"Are you okay with sharing my body with your friends?" I asked.
"Bill has told me many times how hot it is to watch other men have sex with you. I guess I may find out for myself tonight." He replied.
I leaned forward and gave Jerry a kiss, trying to not smudge my lipstick. I held up the small bag in my hand for Jerry to see.
"My outfit for tonight is in here." I said with my sultry voice. "I think you will be very pleased."
"Inside that small bag?" Jerry asked incredulously.
"Including my shoes." I replied.
"You're going to love her outfit." Bill added. "I got a preview earlier and had to resist fucking her right there and then."
"Oh really?" Jerry was pleasantly surprised.
"I assume I can change into my outfit in your bedroom. When do you want me to make my entrance?" I asked.
"Yeah, change in the bedroom. Bill and I will serve the food and drinks before the fight starts." Jerry answered. "I had some cards printed with the round number. Those are in the bedroom. You can walk out with one of them before each round. I'll give you your cue before the first round."
The doorbell rang as the first guests began to arrive. I hurried back to the bedroom so I wouldn't be seen, at least not yet.
I was very familiar with Jerry's bedroom. He and I had fucked there many times, and sometimes Bill was there to take photos. I shouldn't have been surprised that Jerry had prepared the room differently for tonight. He had removed the bedspread and top sheet, leaving only a fitted sheet and pillows on the bed. I could feel that there was a protective mattress cover underneath the sheet, as he had prepared for things to get messy on his bed. And on the dresser, near the door, was the basket of condoms that Bill had brought over earlier.
A stack of 12 legal-sized cards were next to the condoms. Each card was black, with a large white circle around a large white number. 'Simple enough.' I thought. 'Twelve rounds. How long does that take? Then I suppose I will be the main event.'
My body tingled in the anticipation of a lot of sex. I had wanted sex with several men, and tonight it could all happen. I quickly stripped off my top, jeans, and wedge sandals all of which I placed on the floor inside Jerry's closet. Wearing only the tiny thong, I took the silver lamé halter top, the matching micro-mini skirt, and my stiletto shoes into the master bath so I could dress in front of the full length mirror. As I had done earlier for Bill, I tied the halter top to maximize my cleavage. Next I put on the tiny skirt and pulled it down so that it barely covered my pussy. I could feel a slight draft on my mostly exposed ass. I put on my high heels, and I tussled my hair one more time. Looking at myself in the mirror, I knew I looked extremely fuckable. I was excited, and I was ready.
"Looking really hot!" I heard Bill say.
I turned to see Bill in the bathroom doorway with two beers in his hands. He handed me one as he took a sip of the other.
"I figured you could use something to drink." He said with a warm loving smile on his face.
"Thanks. I am getting excited." I replied. "How many guys are there?"
I realized that I had no idea what I may be dealing with this evening. I took a big drink from my beer.
"Eight altogether, including Jerry and me." Bill answered. "We hope that is a good number. Almost everyone is here. It is quite a fun group. They're really good guys."
"Thanks, Bill. I know you and Jerry planned this for me, almost as much as for the guys watching the fight. I know you have my back." I said.
"Love you babe." Bill said as he kissed me on the cheek. "By the way, the safe word is 'PINEAPPLES'. If things get out of hand, or you just need to stop, just yell 'PINEAPPLES' and Jerry and I will rescue you.
"Oh, okay." I replied. I hadn't thought about needing a safe word, but it was comforting that Bill had.
As Bill headed back to the party, I could hear the guys in the kitchen and living room talking while they drank their beers and ate the snacks that Jerry prepared. They sounded pumped about watching the Fight of the Century. I suspected that none of the guests knew that I was an added attraction.
My body tingled even more and my pussy twitched. God, I was ready to strut my stuff. And I was ready to get fucked.
- - - - -
"Hey guys!" I heard Jerry speak with a loud voice. "The fight's about to start. You may want to grab one more beer and take a seat."
I could hear the commotion as the guys got beers, more to eat, and gathered in the living room. I picked up the first card, with the number 1.
A few moments later, Jerry walked down the hallway to where I waited.
"It's time." he told me and then turned to walk back to the living room. I waited a few seconds, took a deep breath of air. I held the card up above my head and proudly walked with my best slut strut into the midst of the guys.
"Oh Yeah!" one yelled.
At least two guys whistled at me.
"Hot babe!" yelled another as he slapped his thigh.
The cat-calls continued as I strutted about. I stopped in front of the TV, held the sign high, and slowly turned for everyone to see. I think I could have held up the wrong round numbered card and no one would have noticed. I could feel all their eyes on me. And that is exactly what I wanted.
"Fucking hot!" another said.
"I want a piece of that." said another. My pussy tingled even more.
I walked through the group, passing in front of the first row of chairs and a sofa, and then in front of the second row. The fight may have started, but I didn't care. And from their reactions, I'm not sure if they cared if I was blocking their view of the TV.
Having finished my Ring Girl duty for the first round I went back to the bedroom. I took a couple of drinks of my beer. Then I picked up the card for round two. Slowly I walked to the living room and waited in the back corner, so as to not distract anyone while they watched the fight. All the guys were intently watching the TV and yelling for a fighter to do this, or to do that. The guys teased each other about which fighter would win. They were all totally engrossed in the fight.
Before the round was over, Jerry moved over beside me. He reached behind me and his hand grabbed my mostly bare ass. It felt really good. He often grabbed my ass when we fucked. So my body reacted to that. I felt my pussy get damp.
"Great job. It couldn't have gone better." He said. "During your next pass, for round two, you may want to offer to fetch beers for anyone that wants one."
Round one ended. All the guys yelled and then sat back in their seats. I lifted the round 2 card and did my strut in front of the guys. I was received with great excitement and more cat-calls and whistles.
I stopped in front of the TV again. While holding up the card, I spoke.
"Can I offer anything to anyone?" I said most politely. I immediately knew I had said the wrong thing.
"You can show us your titties." yelled more than one.
"Show us that cute ass." yelled another.
"I want a piece of your pussy!" said yet another.
Jerry quickly stepped forward. "Not yet guys. Not yet." He said in a commanding voice as he held up his hands for the guys to back down. "She's just offering beer right now."
I quickly passed through the group still holding the round card overhead. Several guys grabbed my ass as I went by. It was thrilling, exciting, and a bit scary. I wondered what would happen later. And might things get out of control.
I also noted that Jerry said "Not yet." Had the guys already made plans for me later?
I went to the kitchen where I found Bill preparing a bucket of cold beers.
"Enjoying yourself?" my husband asked me.
"I'm having a great time." I answered. "But I have to be careful what I say."
"Everything will be just fine." Bill tried to reassure me. Then as he handed me the bucket of beers he said, "Take these to the guys."
I left my round card on the counter and carried the bucket with a half dozen cold beers back into the living room. I handed them out. Several of the guys wanted another beer. And they gave me any empty bottles to carry back to the kitchen. Most of the guys also took the opportunity to grab my ass again.
So much testosterone in the room. So many hands. And I suspected that soon there would be so many hard cocks, all for me.
The second round of the fight had started, so I quickly returned a bucket of empty beer bottles to the kitchen and took my round two card back to the bedroom. I finished my beer and sat for a moment to collect myself. I could tell my pulse was up. I was aroused, and this was exciting. I could hear the cheers from the guys. The fight was obviously very exciting.
I now knew the rounds were not very long. Not at all like a quarter of a football game, or an inning of baseball. It would soon be time for me again. I picked up the round three card and walked towards the living room. I timed it perfectly. The round had just ended and the guys sat back down in their chairs. It appeared that most were caught up in the action and had been standing and cheering during the second round.
The moment I appeared they all started cheering for me. I tried to play it cool and just parade in front of them with the round 3 card. Obviously they didn't care about the card. Some were chanting "Pussy! Pussy! Pussy!".
Then came a chant of "Strip! Strip! Strip!".
It was thrilling as I knew all these guys wanted me.
As I stopped in front of the TV to do my turn around for them, a guy in front grabbed his crotch and said "I bet you want this, don't you?" (I later learned this was Ryan.)
I felt a bit embarrassed as indeed I did want him.
The guy next to him, pulled down his shorts and held his semi-hard cock, waving it at me. "No, You want some of THIS!" (This was Carlos.)
I had turned so may back was to the guys. I had my feet spread apart. I looked over my shoulder at all the horny men.
"What you all want is this." I said emphatically as I slowly bent over exposing my ass to them. The string of my thong covered so very little, and the short skirt rose up and covered none of my ass. I felt certain they could also see my damp, puffy, swollen pussy lips.
They guys all exploded in a round of loud cheers, applause, and cat-calls. Judging by their energy, I felt certain I was going to be fucked very well later that evening.
So as to not be grabbed and fucked right then, I quickly waved and made my exit. Round three of the fight was just beginning.
Upon entering the bedroom, my heart was pounding. There were so many horny men out there. Could I handle all of them? Did I want to be fucked by six to eight men? I wasn't sure if Bill and Jerry would join in now, or want to have me by themselves later.
There was a loud roar in the living room. Something different had happened.
Jerry appeared quickly. "You're up." He said hurriedly.
I wondered how the round had ended so soon. I reached for the round four card.
"No need for that." he said. "The fight is over."
What do I do?" I asked. I wasn't at all sure how things would go after the fight. Somehow I just expected men to be fucking me.
"You wanted to dance for them, didn't you?" Jerry said, more of a statement than a question.
"You have some music?" I asked.
"All ready for you." he said as he raced back to the living room.
"Okay guys. Take your seats. We have some more entertainment for you." Jerry announced. He started the dance music and I strutted back into the room to another round of cheers. The guys had been disappointed that the fight ended so prematurely, but my appearance changed their outlook immediately.
I went straight in front of the TV, now turned off, and started dancing to the music. I felt every eye locked on me. I could tell that they all had indecent thoughts about what they wanted to do with me. Many told me precisely what they wanted to do. Some wanted to kiss me. Some wanted to grab me, or kiss me. And others said they wanted to fuck me.
I swayed to the music, moving my arms and hips seductively. I turned and bent over, this way and that way.
By the time the second song started they were again chanting "Strip! Strip! Strip!". This time I obliged them. First I removed my tiny skirt which wasn't hardly covering anything anyway. More cheers and applause.
I felt empowered. I had them in my control. Yes, I was doing what they wanted. But I felt in control.
Next I untied my halter top. I took a long time, while continuing to dance seductively, to finally expose my large 36D titties to the guys. A louder burst of cheers and applause.
I continued dancing while wearing only my high heels and the tiny g-string thong. Soon the g-string was removed.
A black man in the front pulled down his pants and showed me a very nice sized cock.
"Suck this." he commanded, more like a dare.
"You think I won't?" I challenged him. Then realized what I had committed myself to do once he accepted my counter challenge.
"Prove it." He said as he stood up, his hard cock pointing slightly up at me.
Without any hesitation I dropped to my knees, grabbed the base of his cock in my hand and began licking his cock like a lollipop. The whole room exploded in yells and cat-calls.
It was so thrilling. I felt so naughty. It was incredible. My body was tingling like never before. My pussy was soaking wet, begging for a cock. And I was surrounded by cocks.
All of the men, including Jerry and Bill were stripping off their clothes. All those hard cocks were becoming visible to me. This was really happening. My pulse was racing.
I continued licking and sucking this black cock. It was amazing. Some of the guys used their cell phones to take photos of me sucking that cock. And I was aware that Bill was taking photos with his camera.
I pulled back off of the cock and looked up at the owner. "And whose cock do I have the pleasure to be sucking?" I asked.
"My name is Terrell. You are one fine cock sucker." He said with a big smile on his face.
"Would you like to fuck my wet pussy?" I asked directly, dismissing any thought of a prolonged tease.
"I sure would." He said as his white teeth showed in his smile.
I stood up and held his cock. As I looked at Terrell and the other men I spoke out loud.
"You only get to fuck me if you have protection. A basket of condoms is on the dresser in the bedroom." I said.
Holding that large black cock I led him to the bedroom. I selected a condom and put it on his beautiful cock.
Terrell then lifted me up and laid me on the end of the bed. I held my knees up, my legs open wide for him, inviting him fuck me.
"That is a mighty fine looking pussy you have there. It would be a shame if no one ate that before we all fucked you." Terrell said as he lowered his face and licked my pussy. His tongue felt so good, and was obviously experienced in how to eat a pussy.
I did notice that he said "before WE ALL fucked you.". I wondered if all eight of them would fuck me. But at this point there was nothing more to do than to lay back and enjoy. I did remember the safe word, 'PINEAPPLES' should I need that. I hoped I wouldn't need it.
The other men had wandered into the room. This was apparently going to be a public performance. All of the men were naked and they all took a condom from the basket. Some just let their cocks hang out. Others were slowly stroking their cocks. And some were still snapping photos with their phones. The cheers and cat-calls continued.
Terrell had me close to my first orgasm, when he pulled his face away. He raised up and pointed his cock at my pussy. I knew this was going to feel good. And indeed it felt wonderful as he pumped his cock into my pussy. He was larger than average, but not huge. He filled me and rubbed me in all the right spots.
"Fuck me Terrell." I said in barely more than a whisper.
"With pleasure, Miss Eve." He replied as he was taking long measured strokes inside me. Terrell took hold of my ankles and placed them upon his broad shoulders. He leaned forward, my feet straight up in the air, as he fondled my tits while fucking me. Terrell was thrusting deep inside me. He felt incredible, and this was only the first.
Very soon I had that special trembling deep inside. My orgasm was coming. My breath quickened. I grasped the sheet in my hands.
"Oh Fuck, Fuck, Fuck." I said as I was panting, gasping for air.
Sensing I was close, Terrell was thrusting harder and deeper. His cock fit so well. It felt fabulous and I wished I could have him fuck me all night long.
He grabbed my tits and pinched my nipples. My orgasm rushed forward and washed over me.
"FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!" I screamed as I came. My pussy clenched around his cock. My body trembled and shook. And Terrell kept thrusting his cock into me as he smiled down upon me. I could see the pleasure and enjoyment in his expression. And I could hear the cheers of our audience as they realized my orgasm had happened.
"Oh fuck. Oh fuck. Oh fuck." I said as my body tried to wiggle out of his grasp.
Terrell stopped and looked at me. "Miss Eve. That was really, really nice. Thank you."
He back away and pulled out of me. As he stepped back, another man stepped forward.
"And who are you?" I asked as I sat up on the end of the bed.
The young man was caught off-guard by the question. Did he think I would just fuck any nameless person?
"I'm Blake." He said.
"Kiss me Blake." I said as I pulled his face down to my face and we began to kiss.
Once Blake relaxed and began to enjoy the kiss, it became clear to me that he was a good kisser. And by my theory, he would likely be a good lover. I laid back and pulled him down on top of me. He shifted a bit so that he was lying on his side, up against my body. This allowed him to touch my breasts while we kissed. Around us the cat-calls continued. I tuned out this background noise and focused on the lover in my arms.
"Do you also want to fuck me?" I asked the almost ridiculous question. I stroked his cock and knew he was hard and had it sheathed in a condom.
"Uh. Yes." Blake replied, again puzzled by the question.
Blake reached between my legs and ran his fingers over my slit. I knew I was wet enough, ready enough for him. And now he knew that as well. I watched as he raised his wet finger tips to his mouth and licked them, tasting my fluids. 'How naughty of you Blake.' I thought to myself.
Quickly Blake positioned himself between my knees and pumped his cock into my pussy. He was smaller than Terrell, only average size. I hoped he knew how to pleasure a woman with what he had.
I didn't need to worry. The way Blake was positioned between my legs, the angle of his penetration caused his cock head to press directly against my G-spot. It felt so good. I laid back and enjoyed the sensations radiating from my cunt as he fucked me. Another orgasm was building, this time slowly.
I felt a shift on the bed as another guy was now kneeling next to my head. I turned my head to the right and encountered a cock just inches from my mouth. It was thick and a bit shorter than others. I looked up into the face of the owner.
"And who are you?" I asked in a gentle way. It was a bit surreal having an introductory conversation with one stranger while another fucked me. But this was what I had signed up for.
"I'm Carlos." he replied with authority. He leaned forward pushing the tip of his cock against my lips.
I was glad that the basket on the dresser had been filled with lubricant-free condoms. I expected to be sucking the cock of several strangers and to be safe, they had to wear a condom. And in this situation I preferred to avoid any nasty lubricant taste.
I opened my mouth and sucked on Carlos' chubby cock. It was thick and as it became hard it grew longer. 'This could be interesting to fuck.' I thought.
Blake was building up to a good pounding of my pussy. My next orgasm was not as powerful, but enjoyable, and it kept rolling through my body as Blake continued fucking me. My pussy clenched around Blake's cock as my body trembled, and as I continued sucking Carlos' cock.
Other men got onto the bed. Someone next to Carlos put their hard cock into my right hand and I instinctively stroked it.
Carlos pulled his cock from my mouth and backed off the bed. He moved around and tapped Blake on the shoulder, indicating that he was next.
As I watched Carlos replace Blake between my legs, and as I continued to stroke an unknown cock with my right hand, I felt yet another cock slap against my face from the left side. Before I could ask who he was, he was speaking.
"I'm Ryan. Pleased to meet you." he announced with a big grin. I remembered this red-haired fellow as one of the boisterous guys. He also had a nice sized cock.
Almost simultaneously, I took Ryan's cock into my mouth as Carlos pushed his thick cock into my waiting pussy. I still had no idea who's cock was in my right hand. And now I also had another cock in my left hand.
'Four cocks at the same time!' I thought in amazement. I tried to focus mostly on the cock in my mouth. I wanted Ryan nice and hard, assuming he would be next in my pussy.
As Carlos pushed his cock fully into my cunt, I could feel him stretch me. It didn't hurt, just a pleasurable throbbing sensation. My orgasm quickly returned, or was it yet another orgasm? It didn't matter as if felt wonderful. Carlos had a good tempo, and I matched that with my head bobs on Ryan's cock. This continued a minute, or two, or three. Time was difficult to judge.
I pulled away from Ryan's cock just long enough to look at the owners of the cocks in my hands. They were both large men, maybe football players. On my right was a black man, and on my left was a guy with blonde hair. I smiled at each and squeezed both cocks.
"Fuck me Carlos. Fuck me hard." I implored him just before sucking Ryan's cock back into my mouth.
I felt hands upon my breasts. I assumed these hands belonged to the owners of the two cocks in my hands. They were mashing and squeezing my tits. Someone's finger or thumb began rubbing my clit, just above Carlos' cock. I couldn't turn my head to actually see whose hands were where. But all this touching, groping, and fucking was raising me to a new sexual high.
As Carlos was thrusting his thick cock into my pussy, Ryan was gently rocking back and forth, stroking his cock between my lips. My orgasm grew quickly and I exploded again.
"Oh My Fucking God!" I screamed as my body shook uncontrollably. My pussy was quivering incredibly hard, almost in a painful way. All the guys froze in place and allowed my orgasm to roll through me, and begin to subside.
Carlos pulled out and backed away. Ryan quickly moved to take his place between my thighs. The large black football player on my right moved up next to my head and attempted to shove his cock into my mouth. I grabbed the base of his cock and held him back. I glared into his eyes.
"I may not look like it right now, but I am a lady. Please introduce yourself first." I said in a tongue-in-cheek manner.
"Oh! Aren't you little Miss Manners?" he replied sarcastically as he tried again to push his cock into my mouth. I held him firm and flared my eyes.
"You and your friends don't want me to use the safe word." I said sternly.
He relaxed and smiled at me. "Sorry. They call me Malik." He said as if sincerely sorry.
"Nice to meet you, Malik." I replied. "Nice cock."
I still had his cock in my hand and I pulled it into my mouth. I noted that this was a black man, and his cock was somewhat larger than average. I knew I soon would experience another big, black cock.
Ryan had been waiting and watching the drama with Malik. Once I started sucking Malik's cock, Ryan pressed his cock against my lower lips and easily slipped inside my now stretched pussy.
I was sucking Malik's cock with gusto, stroking the big blonde football player's cock with my left hand, and Ryan quickly was thrusting his cock deep and hard into my pussy. My cunt was getting a hard workout. My orgasm returned again as if on a constant cruise control. It just kept going on, and on. Pleasure filled my body and my mind seemed to drift away.
I felt another cock placed into my right hand, but I couldn't see the owner. Again I had contact with four cocks at the same time. It was exhilarating.
"Having fun?" I heard the familiar voice of Jerry. I assumed that he was the owner of the cock in my right hand. As my mouth was full of Malik's cock and I couldn't speak, I replied to Jerry by giving his cock a long hard squeeze and then resumed stroking his cock.
"Glad to hear that." Jerry replied in jest.
The fucking and my orgasm just kept going on and on. I completely lost track of time. It didn't matter as I was thoroughly enjoying this incredible sexual experience.
Ryan pulled his cock out of my well worn pussy, only to be replaced by Malik's larger cock. This cock really filled me and felt fantastic. I was beginning to feel a little pain, but a lot of pleasure.
The blonde football player on my left side moved towards my head. As I turned to look at him, he spoke.
"So nice to meet you Eve. I'm Adam." he said as he placed his cock near my mouth.
"Nice to meet you Adam." I said and then quickly devoured his good sized cock.
Malik started with slow, long strokes and slowly increased the tempo. I had a strong orgasm almost immediately. Malik never paused and kept fucking me. My orgasm wouldn't stop either. I swear he fucked me for fifteen minutes. My mouth was sore from sucking large cocks, and my pussy was on fire. But I wouldn't trade this experience for anything.
Malik pulled his cock out of my pussy and it was immediately replaced with Adam's cock. It felt the same size, and had the same effect on my body. My orgasm kept going in waves. Sometimes swelling up to totally consume me, and other times just keeping me on a good simmer.
For the first time in a while, there wasn't a cock in my mouth. I could freely move my head and I could watch what was happening. I still had Jerry's cock in my right hand. Bill moved onto the bed on my left side and I stroked his cock with my other hand.
I laid there and enjoyed the ongoing orgasm washing through my body, wave after wave of pleasure, as Adam continued to fuck me.
Eventually Adam pulled out and backed away. Jerry took his turn and fucked me for several minutes and then finally Bill fucked me a while.
I was exhausted. My body was spent from what must have been an hour or more of multiple orgasms that racked my body with spasms and trembles. My pussy was a raging fire of pain and pleasure. Everyone had fucked me, eight men in a row. I had done it, and I absolutely loved it.
I laid there and turned my head to face my husband, Bill.
"Thank you. Wonderful time. You are the best." I whispered to him.
"Oh!" Bill exclaimed. "We're not finished. We have a finale planned."
I noticed that all the men were standing around the sides of the bed. They all still had hard cocks. It dawned on me that I hadn't felt a single one of them orgasm inside me.
"Terrell, you have the honors." Bill told him.
Terrell stepped forward, his cock hard and still encased in a condom.
"Eve, You have been a real pleasure to all of us tonight." he said as he moved between my legs. Earlier his cock had been a tight fit. Now I was stretched out and well worn. He easily slipped inside me. It hurt some, but the moment he started to pump his cock in and out, the pleasure returned. Within a couple of minutes he was fucking me furiously and I was screaming in pleasure as the most powerful orgasm of the night ripped through my body.
"OH FUCK! OH FUCK! OH FUCK!" I screamed. I closed my eyes as my body shook uncontrollably. My pussy burned even more than earlier. I was gasping for air.
Then I felt a splash of warmth on my breasts.
I opened my eyes and saw men surrounding me on the bed, jacking their cocks. They had all removed their condoms. One by one they were shooting their hot sticky cum onto my body. As one would finish, another took their place. Each was leaving their large load of cum somewhere on my body between my crotch and my neck.
I could feel Terrell pull his cock out of my pussy. He pulled off his condom and jacked his cum onto me. The first shot landed just below my chin. He left six more shots of cum on my body.
My orgasm was just beginning to subside, but this new sensation of a massive cum bath made my body tingle like I had never felt. The smell of sex was overwhelming. So many horny men. So many cocks. So much testosterone. And so much cum. And all of it for me, on me. It felt like every inch of my torso was covered in hot cum. My head was spinning. My body had been very well used, my cunt felt pain and pleasure, and I was exhausted.
And then it all went blank.
- - - -
When I awoke I could see sunlight coming in through the curtains on the windows. I was alone in the bedroom. I was still covered in cum which had dried and become crusty on my flesh. My pussy was aching from all the hard fucking it had taken from last night into early this morning. I could still smell all the sex. And I could smell coffee.
I laid there thinking about what a slut I was, allowing eight men to use my body for their fucking pleasure, and to use me as their cum dump.
Then I felt a sense of pride swell up inside me. I was proud of what I had done. I alone had given eight men a wonderful night of sex they wouldn't forget. Nor would I forget. I didn't regret a single moment. They had all fucked me, and marked me. And I was proud to wear their cum.
I got up to find the coffee. I stayed naked, covered in dried cum, as I walked into the kitchen. Jerry and Bill sat at the table, drinking coffee, wearing only their boxer briefs. The watched me as I poured a mug of coffee and sat down between them. For a moment, we all sat in silence. I guessed they were waiting for my reaction to the events of last night.
"Fucking crazy!" I said. "Thank you both so much for an incredible experience."
I gave each of them a hug and a long, loving kiss.
"So you had fun? You are okay?" asked Bill.
"Last night was fantastic. More than I expected from a gang-bang and cum bath." I replied. "My pussy has never felt so abused, and so very well used."
"And the cum shower wasn't over the top?" asked Jerry.
"An incredible experience. I want to wear this cum all day long as a badge of honor." I replied.
We sat and sipped our coffee a bit. I had a question.
"How long was I fucked last night? I lost track of time." I asked.
Bill took hold of my hand and answered. "Altogether, nearly three hours if you include the cum bath."
I was shocked to learn that I had been fucked for three hours.
"I thought you might use the safe word." Jerry added. "We were concerned for you."
I sat back and smiled at them. "Actually, I never came close to using the safe word." I replied.
"So you might want to do this again?" asked Bill. "Or was this a once-in-a-life experience?"
"Is there another Fight of the Century next Friday?" I asked sarcastically, sounding eager, but they knew I was play acting.
We all laughed but I think I made my point. I would be willing to do this again.
"Any comments about the guys? Was there anyone I should exclude next time, you know, if we were to do this again?" asked Jerry.
"Everyone was great. I felt like a kid in a candy store, getting to sample all the different flavors. They were all polite and respectful." I answered. Then I added. "You know Malik was a bit pushy. But when I resisted him, he quickly fell into line."
"Anyone special? Anyone push your buttons just right?" Bill asked.
I knew Bill often asked me after I had each lover whether they pushed my buttons just right. This was his way of detecting if I was especially turned on by someone I might want to see again. He always wanted to find men that pleased me the most.
"Terrell was the best of the guests last night. His cock is a perfect size for me, and he is a good partner in sex." I answered. "But you two know you are my most favored lovers."
"Terrell was especially taken with you." Bill answered. "He practically begged me to have a second turn with you. Originally we didn't plan to have anyone fuck you as part of the cum bath finale."
"And, as he was leaving last night, Terrell asked if he could see you again." Jerry added.
"What did you tell him?" I inquired. I hoped to see Terrell again, especially if he wanted to see me again.
"I told him I would talk to you first." Jerry replied.
I looked at Bill for his thoughts on me having sex with Terrell again. I could see by the smile on his face that he very much approved of me fucking Terrell again.
"I think we all agree that would be great." I said.
- - - - -
Ring Girl - Epilogue
Bill, Jerry and I all agreed that the gang-bang was a great success. The feedback Jerry got from every one of the guests was that they wanted to be invited back for another such party, and sooner rather than later. Jerry was even surprised by how aroused he got watching other men have sex with me.
I know that I could have asked either Bill or Jerry to arrange another similar party, but knowing them, I knew they would be doing so without me asking.
Indeed, the following Thursday Bill called me from work to say he would be working late. After all it was tax season, his busiest time of the year. He knew I would be spending the evening at Jerry's house, very likely in Jerry's bed.
When I arrived at Jerry's, about 7 PM, I was pleasantly surprised that Terrell was also there. Soon Jerry, Terrell, and I were naked in Jerry's bed.
I sucked Terrell's cock. Then I sucked Jerry's cock.
Later, when Jerry was laying on his back, I was on my knees, leaning over Jerry and kissing him. Terrell took the opportunity to fuck me from behind, doggie style. Jerry then changed positions so that he was kneeling in front of me so that I could suck his cock, while Terrell was still fucking me from behind.
Somehow, this time, the spit-roast worked for me. As Terrell plunged into my pussy from behind, he was forcing me forward to swallow Jerry's cock. I was deep-throating Jerry on each thrust, and quickly catching my breath on every pull-back.
It was a fabulous threesome experience which became a weekly event we called "Thursday Threesome". Bill joined us, when he could, and took lots of photos.