Part two. Suzi's story.
The hour stretched into two. My mind was in turmoil, fearful of what Suzi was doing or more likely what was being done to her. Another thirty minutes passed. Thirty anxious minutes, tormenting me way beyond any level of acceptance, yet somehow arousing the living daylights out of me.
I was sitting on the balcony of the room, my head in my hands, images of Suzi's infidelity bouncing in and out of my minds eye.
I was startled to hear a gentle tapping on the door. I scurried to the doorway, hoping Suzi would have returned. Opening the door, to my relief I saw Suzi standing in the frame, her bikini stretched somewhat, her hair dishevelled and her eyes glazed with pure lust. Suzi looked at me and giggled.
"I've been a very naughty girl!" She smiled.
I threw my arms around her, feeling the heat of her almost naked body, her large firm breasts pressed into my own chest. She absolutely reeked of sex. I could smell a mixture of sweat and spunk emanating from her. She looked up to my face and kissed me softly. The smell of wine, tobacco and spunk was quite strong. My wife had been sucking cock and by the taste of her lips she had been swallowing their spunk along with their cocks.
My cock was rampant poking into the tiny gold triangle of her bikini bottoms. She moaned a little moan as her smooth pussy began pushing against my straining cock.
"I'm so glad you want to fuck as I'm unbelievably horny" she smiled "It's ok as there is no spunk in my pussy or ass. I took it all in my mouth or on my tits!" She continued enjoying the fact that she was tormenting me.
My heart sank when she said no spunk in her ass. She had obviously let them fuck her ass, something that was saved only for special occasions for me.
"Would you like to hear what happened while you fuck me?" She smiled, proud of herself.
I cupped her breasts and nodded, my mouth agape in my bewildered arousal and shock.
I was squeezing her breasts gently, knowing full well that other guys had been doing something similar, I also knew that some other guy had emptied his load on these beauties and she'd obviously enjoyed it.
"Lay on the bed and I'll ride your cock and tell you all about my afternoon of being a slut" she whispered directly into my ear, her hot breath exciting the erogenous nerves in and around my ears.
"You can't come inside me, I can either swallow or you can come on my tits!" She exclaimed "I'm going back to their room later. They're going to record me doing a little striptease then getting fucked by all of them again!" Her words biting into my soul, yet perversely arousing me to a level I never thought possible. My cock was so hard it actually ached.
I slid my swim shorts off my body and lay on the bed. Suzi slid her bikini bottoms down, revealing a slightly swollen set of pussylips from her earlier fucking. She slid the two tiny triangles covering her breasts away from her nipples and approached the bed.
The slut was still wearing her high heeled shoes as she straddled my cock slowly. The tip of my cock was directly at the opening of her pussy, a fraction of my cock feeling the heat of her incredibly hot cunt. Suzi moved slightly, teasing my cock as she smiled a wicked smile, tormenting me further.
With her head back, her mouth open and her glazed eyes half closed, she slid down on my grateful. Her pussy gripped and squeezed my cock as she slowly slid up and down my length. The sexiest moans were emanating from her mouth as she began to regale her slut activities.
"It was incredibly erotic when he began to rub the oil into me, with you opposite watching" she panted.
"When his fingers brushed my pussylips, I knew at that moment that I would be fucking him, with or without your permission. I decided that I would put on a little sex show to let you know my intentions and how far I was going to go" Suzi said, placing her long nailed fingers on my chest, to help her balance as she rode my cock.
"I'll never be able to explain how sexy and naughty it was to get my pussy and asshole fingered with my husband watching. I came twice with his magical touch and erotic scene being played out!" Suzi panted.
"When he kissed me and finger blasted me simultaneously, I thought my pussy was going to explode!" She whispered hoarsely, biting her lip gently as I squeezed her breasts.
"He fingered me in the lift and bent me over, knelt down and ran his tongue along my shaved groove, then slid the tip in and around my asshole. He was driving me wild with desire and I knew I would let him do anything he wanted!" Suzi slowed her gyrations for a moment as she orgasmed almost silently.
"When we got to his room, two of his friends were sleeping off hangovers. These guys were naked and let me tell you they both possessed very large manhood's. I stared at them as my friend said he'd brought a hot slut back as present" she smiled remembering the moment.
"He slid my bikini bottoms down my thighs, revealing my shaved pussy to his friends. I giggled excitedly as my tits were released from the bikini top. I was enthralled as the guys looked at me salaciously with lustful grins, staring at my exposed body as my pussy began to twitch with anticipation" Suzi spoke softly almost whispering.
"All three cocks in the room were rock hard now. One of the guys rummaged through a small rucksack and brought out a Video camera!" she declared excitedly.
"I swear I almost fainted with sexual excitement at the thought of being filmed while these guys devoured me. I knew I was going to be fucked and I was as desperate as you can be to be fucked" she moaned "Three hard cocks were waiting to pleasure me and film the event as it unfolds!"
Her nails gently scraped my chest as she rode my cock with a little more determination.
"The guy who took me upstairs, bent me over the bed and rubbed his huge cock up and down the length of my shaved slit!" She shuddered as she spoke the words. My cock was absolutely solid as I stared at Suzi's awesome body sexually pleasuring me, as she regaled her first threesome experience.
"I was giggling as he slowly slipped his cock inside me. I moaned loudly as one of the guys knelt in front of me sporting a huge shaved cock. I gulped at the size of this cock and kissed it tenderly. My lips shrouded the cock as I slid my mouth over the hard long shaft!" Suzi smiled as she held her breasts and began to squeeze them.
"The other guy was filming this as the guy fucking me spat on my asshole whilst he held my ass cheeks wide open. His saliva ran inside my tight asshole as he slowly pushed his finger into my pink puckered ring. Sliding his finger in and out of my tight hole assured me that he was priming my asshole for his cock!" Suzi's eyes rolled as she approached orgasm.
"The thought of being fucked up the ass, whilst being filmed was too much for me and I came violently on his powerful cock. Female ejaculate gushed out of my pussy as I experienced my first gushing orgasm. My cum was all up the impressive six pack of the guy fucking me. The other two guys gasped loudly, both stating Wow in unison!" She squirmed on my cock as she continued her tale.
"I was gyrating my hips, fucking the guy behind me like a seasoned slut. My tits were aching with pleasure as they swung freely from the thrusting off the guy driving his cock deep inside me!"
She smiled and continued.
"It was at that point that they took a pic of me fucking and sucking with my iPhone. I texted it to you, giggling naughtily as I did so. As I pressed send, I felt my asshole stretching as the guy behind me began to ease his cock up my ass. I have never felt naughtier, sexier, dirtier or more of a slut, than I did at that moment as I felt his cock slide past my sphincter. I looked directly in to the camera lens and whispered I want you all to fuck my ass" she looked me in the eye, and I could see she was enjoying my pain and humiliation.
"The guy fucking my ass laughed loudly and bellowed You are such a dirty slut! I've just noticed your wedding ring! Guys we'll all have to spunk on that! Is that who you've sent the pic too? Is your husband back in the room jerking at the thought of other men fucking his slut wife!" The look of shock and horror etched on my face was being counterbalanced by the exhilarating arousal surging through my veins.
"The camera was placed on a table in the room pointing at the bed, as they all took turns in sticking their cocks in every one of my available holes!" Suzi grinned almost sneering at me "I was their own slut. Their personal bitch on heat for their cocks. I was fucking them just as much as they were fucking me, and believe me these guys were really fucking me!"
I felt a smile grow on my face, as my eyes rolled with lust.
Suzi had a look of astonishment that I was actually enjoying her story and that I was still hard and fucking her or rather she was fucking me.
"The day concluded with one guy fucking my ass, a guy beneath me fucking my pussy and a guy standing above, sliding his cock in and out of my slut mouth. I lost count at the number of orgasms I endured. I was begging them to fuck me and make me come like my husband never could. The guy fucking my ass, came all over my tits, the guy in my pussy came in my mouth seconds after the guy who's cock was in my mouth exploded violently, hitting the back of my throat with an unbelievable force!" Suzi rode my cock and enjoyed a powerful orgasm at the memory of her unfaithfulness. My cock began to twitch, ready to unleash the biggest load I would ever unload. Suzi jumped off my cock, kneeling on the bed holding my cock at the base as I erupted all over her beautiful face. Spurt after spurt coated her face with a warm white slime. The amount of spunk was a shock to myself. I never thought it possible that one man could produce so much.
Suzi began to scoop all the jism off her face and lick her spunk drenched fingers clean. She smiled at me as she began to lick every drop, swallowing as much as was humanly possible. Holding my spent semi erect cock she smiled an affectionate smile and whispered.
"I can't have any spunk inside me as I'm staying with the guys tonight in their room and will be saving my pussy and ass for their hot spunk. If you want I can ask if they'll let you watch, in fact you could be the cameraman. You wouldn't get to fuck me until they'd finished using me. Now help me get showered and pick out something sexy for my boys to enjoy!"
Suzi said all of this matter of factly. There was no discussion, negotiations, consultations just straightforward announcements of what she was going to do, and it appears she wasn't concerned if I was consensual or not. She was going to be a slut hot wife and get fucked by these guys wether I approved or not. Secretly I approved.
This was one very unusual wager.