I hope you enjoyed the first part. For more about Donna and Texas, please check out Jeep Hair Don't Care. Inspired by my amazing time with a cousin, I'm having a great time writing about her.
———
Donna might as well have walked into the casino wearing nothing more than a smile. As she opened the door into the darkened room, the light from the main hallway illuminated her silhouette. Simply wearing a cloth dress which was in all actuality a poolside coverup, I could tell it was all she had on. No thong. No bra. Not even so much as swimsuit for the poolside disco dancing sure to occur later this night.
Mesmerized by this vision, I completely forget to place any bets on the roulette table. After the croupier waves his hand over the table, I watch the pill bounce around as Donna walks up next to me and pushes her body into mine.
"I could use some good luck. Can you help?" I whisper into her ear.
"Haven't I already helped?"
"Here. Place the next bets. Do you know how?" I ask, handing her my last remaining chips.
As the current bets are paid off, Donna quickly gives me a masterclass in roulette. Without asking, or apparently studying the bet board, she places chips on the corner of the seven, eight, ten, and eleven, then a chip on each one separately, then a bet on the odds and evens, then finally on the one-eighteen set. Looking at the bet board, I realize she definitely studied it before getting to me. I'm impressed, even moreso when the ball lands in the eleven. It's not a huge payout, but definitely brings me back to even.
"Wow, you are good luck." I tell Donna.
"Well, hang on, because here we go." She tells me, and then lets the winning chips stay in place while replacing those lost.
Out of the corner of my eye, I see the croupier wave his hand as I study the board. These bets are unusual, so I'm overtaken with anxiety as the ball falls onto the spinning wheel and begins bouncing around. Just as Donna miraculously fell into my life, the pin drops into the eight slot. After watching the four stacks of chips grow, I gather them up and tip the table. At the cashier, I'm more than happy to see I'm way ahead in casino winnings.
"Come on, let's go dance." Donna tells me, and we head to the door.
"Alright, I'm gonna tell Teddy and Sam." I say to Donna as I spy them at two slot machines near the door. Donna walks ahead to the entrance.
"Hey guys. We're out of here. You'll find us at the disco." I tell Sam and Teddy, and then point at Donna.
As if on cue, she opens the door, revealing once again her complete lack of inhibition to all three of us. The light clearly exposes her pert tits, and the dark tanned skin of her legs completes the vision. That's all it takes for both guys to download their winnings onto their casino cards and follow us out.
In the disco, we find Nora and Hannah. Nora is wearing a completely backless dress which barely covers her ass. Hannah is the most demure of the group, but clearly without a bra under the nearly full-length dress. Her dress does have spaghetti straps, so there is plenty of skin showing. Whenever any of the girls lift their arms, their tits will be very much on display.
For Donna, a lot more than just her tits will be showing if she lifts her arms. The openings in the side of her coverup run down almost the length of the fabric. Literally, just a couple of tears would reveal every inch of her skin. After a few dances, we leave all three women on the floor so we can get some drinks. They bring a lot of attention to themselves just by dancing together and exposing a whole bunch of skin.
"Any doubt they want to get completely naked at the pool later tonight?" I ask Teddy and Sam as we wait for our drinks.
"No doubt whatsoever." Sam replies.
"Teddy, do you mind if I dance with Hannah and get her out of her dress at the pool?" I know this will be fun.
"Sure. Hannah is so uninhibited on this trip. I know she'll enjoy me watching that happen." He answers while staring at his wife with a smile on his face.
"Why wait for later? Look over there." Sam points down to the end of the bar. There is a set of double doors.
"Where do those doors lead?" I ask the bartender.
"That's a small outside patio." We are told.
"Can we use it?" Sam asks.
"Sure. I'll open it right now."
As we head back to the girls with their drinks, we see the doors opened.
"Need to cool off?" I ask Donna as I hand her the fresh drink from the bar.
"How did you know?" She replies, taking the drink from me while lifting the dress off her skin.
All of us head to the outside area. We discover it's just a small patio, directly under the bridge of the ship. Since it's so far forward on the ship, there is a wall to keep the wind out, but we can definitely feel the seabreeze, and find it very refreshing. Thankfully, no one follows so the six of us don't feel too cramped in the small space, and we can still enjoy the sounds emanating from the disco.
"Watch this." I tell Donna, then move quietly around to stand behind Hannah. Teddy and Sam follow my lead, and switch partners as well.
As I look at Donna, she gives me a look only I would recognize, then closes her eyes and begins swaying with the music. Looking at Nora, she follows along so I'm guessing Hannah is doing the same. Holding my drink in my left hand, I move my right hand to her right shoulder and slowly pull the strap off her skin and then down her arm. Before it falls off, I begin moving the left strap in a similar fashion. Sam and Teddy watch as the dress falls off Hannah's breasts before she frees her hands to allow the dress to hit the ground. With my sister now completely nude in front of me, Teddy goes to work on Nora. All he has to do is pull a strap from around her neck over her head, and the dress falls about her ankles. As Hannah and Nora continue to move with the music, Sam places his drink in Donna's free hand. He does this because he has to lift her entire dress over her head. As he begins to do so, Donna pulls her arms into the coverup, thus allowing Sam to quickly remove the dress.
Deciding to take the action up one more notch, I wrap my arm around Hannah's body. The guys follow suit, and all of us begin moving our hands up and down the bodies of our willing women. I would be lying if I said Hannah didn't feel good. Her firm tits reacted nicely to my touch and I really liked touching each of her hard nipples. After letting my hand linger on her breasts, I moved my hand to her neck and squeezed it before moving down between her tits, stopping just above where I felt her landing strip would begin. Before moving my hand down again, I brought it around her hips and grasped both sides of her ass. Now at the bottom of her right ass cheek, I spread my fingers and began slowly working my hand around in anticipation of touching my sister's pussy.
Looking past Hannah, I could see Teddy's fingers right at the entrance to Nora's smoothly-shaved pussy, and likewise with Sam's hand on Donna's delicious cunt. At that very moment, I knew I was ready and very delicately began to move my fingers once again.
Then, just as I got my first feel of short hair covering her cunt, Hannah turned to face me.
"Not so fast, brother. Let's dance first." Hannah's voice had a certain lusty quality to it. The music overcame all six of us, now newly coupled, and our bodies moved with a new purpose. We were courting new sex partners, and the sight of my naked sister brought me to full hardness.
"How do you feel?" I asked Hannah when I had the opportunity.
"Good enough to tell you to keep your feet still, but keep moving your body. I want to help you with that." Hannah tells me while looking at my fully-tented shorts.
Hannah and the girls turn the patio into a stripper scene. Hannah turns around and begins grinding her ass on my boner, then turns and kneels to pretend she is giving me a blowjob. As Hannah rubs her face all over my shorts, I see Donna and Nora do the same. With the girls on their knees, I notice the doors to the disco have been closed. Probably a really good thing. Sensing an opportunity, I pull Hannah to her feet, turn her to face away from me, and then pull her tightly into my body.
"Have we gone too far, or is there more to come?" I ask with a whisper in her ear. While I do so, I see Sam and Donna stand to dance together, face to face.
"Can't you see it? Everyone is following our lead. What do you want?" Hannah asks.
"Well, I certainly don't want to lose the buzz we have going on here. Can't I just explore your body now, then we can discuss the siblings with benefits angle later?" I begin moving my hand once again around Hannah's tits, and allow my other hand to feel around her ass. As Hannah moans ever so slightly, I move my hand from a breast and down to her pussy. This is it. I know exactly what I want now.
With my left hand in her ass, I move my body just to the right side of Hannah's body, then as I stare at Donna, I plunge my right hand down into Hannah's cunt. Donna doesn't make a move of any sort as she looks me in the eyes. With that form of tacit approval, I move my left hand farther down into Hannah's ass and firmly separate her pussy. The fingers on my right hand meet up with the fingers on my left hand, and I know there is no going back. I plunge my right index and middle fingers into her and lift her ass with my left hand. Now firmly under my control, I begin fingering my sister. Taking my eyes of Donna, I lick Hannah's right ear and explore her cunt fully.
"You like?" I whisper.
"If I didn't, I wouldn't be here. Neither would Donna or Nora. Will you fuck me?"
"Not so fast, sister. I'm just getting a good feel." I reply.
"Oh, yes. I know. Your hands feel so good. I just want to feel your cock inside me. Just thinking about it makes me so wet?" Hannah is really moving her hips and my hand is covered in her pussy juices.
I resume watching Donna who is firmly under the control of Sam, just like I expected. And just like many of our adventures, she appears lost in herself. With her rock hard nipples, and closed eyes, Donna is the portrait of sexuality in motion. Teddy and Nora are also lost together, although Nora has pulled Teddy's cock out of his shorts and is rubbing him slowly.
"I think we should go upstairs after I make you cum." I tell Hannah.
"Uh-huh." She barely makes a noise.
"I bet you've never done anything like this. Just know you can trust me. Trust yourself, and get lost in my touch. Just move slowly and let me fingers touch you." I continue talking into her ear.
Hannah moves, but just barely, and I begin to touch the insides of her cunt with my fingers, swirling and pinching, pushing and pulling, rubbing and grabbing all of her soft skin. I can feel the hair of her landing strip under my thumb as I rub her clit. My left hand has Hannah firmly spread open so I can explore her asshole opening just a little but focus mostly on her cunt.
"It's just you and me. Everyone else is in their own world. Go ahead and let go." I direct one more time.
"Ohhh..." Out of Hannah comes a slight moan and she sounds ready.
Boy, is she ever. Suddenly, a gush of pussy juices explodes all over my right hand. Pulling up just slightly, my sister continues to squirt all over me and onto the floor by her feet. Stopping all movements of my hands and fingers, I let Hannah grind on me, groaning with every squirt and orgasm. As I relax my arm, I look around and see Donna and Nora have both been taken to their own personal orgasms. As he watches Nora conclude an orgasm, Teddy squirts his own cum all over the ground in front of them. Nora doesn't let up as he lets loose several additional large streams.
As I finish off Hannah, I notice I have a very large wet spot on the front of my shorts. It's evident all of us need to get to our rooms and get cleaned up. The late night pool action may have to wait, but we'll see.
"Hannah, I love you. You are incredible." Giving her a kiss on the lips, we start to untangle. Looking over, I see Donna is in a firm embrace and kiss with Sam while Teddy is putting his shorts back on and Nora is gathering her dress already. Hannah basically steps back into her dress and pulls it up. Nora wraps herself back into her dress and Donna finally stops kissing Sam so he can pull her coverup back up over her head. Leaving our mess behind, we find the door to the disco cracked just enough for us to re-enter. The room is dark, and everyone is gone.
"Let's walk by the pool to see if the DJ has set up again for us. If not, we'll all go to our room, Hannah and Teddy included and finish off this incredible night." I tell everyone.
The girls walk ahead of us, chatting quietly together. The three of us slow just a little.
"Did they plan that?" Sam asks.
"It appears so." I respond.
"Hannah wanted to swing a little, and Zoo here seemed to be the best opportunity to do so after we figured out what was going on with him and Donna. I hope you're not offended, but I think she wants Sam next." Teddy tells us.
"No offense taken. I enjoyed her body, but I'm not sure if full sex with my sister is on the table." I reply.
"Dude, if she offers, then go for it." Teddy tells me.
"Thanks, I think. What about you, Sam? How did that feel?"
"Are you fucking kidding? That was amazing. Damn Teddy, I've never seen any guy cum like that, even in porn." Sam quietly exclaims.
"Nora worked me up just right. She is amazingly hot. Are you going to share her anymore, Sam?"
"I don't see why not. Even if it never goes past this trip, we are having a blast." Sam tells us.
We find the entrance to the pool locked, and it appears quiet inside.
Well, let's go upstairs to our room. We can see the pool from there. Up there, we find the pool is indeed quiet, so now it's decision time.
"Ladies, everything tonight is your choice. So, we guys offer ourselves to you. We will anxiously await your decision." I tell them.
"Well, we already made our next choice on the way up here. You guys still alright with that?" Donna asks Hannah and Nora.
They shake their heads in the affirmative, and move toward us. Just as Hannah is about to arrive in front of me, Donna steps in between us.
"Whatever happens between you two stays here on this ship. That is all." Donna tells me, and just as quickly moves out of the way so Hannah and I can embrace.
"I never thought of you like this, but I'm ready to take this to the next level if you're ready." I tell Hannah after giving her a kiss on the lips.
"That's why I'm here." Hannah answers, then takes my face in her hands, brings my lips to hers, and begins exploring my mouth with her tongue. I find her tongue with mine, and we fully disappear into our desires.
As our ship steams toward Grand Cayman, Hannah and I get caught up in the whirlwind of activity in the room. As one of three couples entering into uncharted territory with new partners, we move together onto the balcony where clothes are quickly removed. As I submit to my sister, and she to me, I find her body very welcoming to my touch. As we explore each other, now naked and under the stars, I realize it's time to talk.
"I'm ready to eat you. Sit on that table and present yourself." I tell her.
Without a word, Hannah sits on the edge of the table and slowly opens her legs for me. As I look my sister in the eyes, I can see her sex opening within my peripheral vision. Directing my look at her pussy, I am now obsessed with what I could only touch earlier. Hannah looks delicious and I lick my lips.
"Thank you. May I proceed?" I ask Hannah.
"Yes. Please enjoy me." Hannah replies.
With that, I walk up to her as closely as possible, kiss Hannah, then kneel down before her. Lifting her legs onto my shoulders, I begin licking her knees, then kiss every possible part of her thighs before stopping at her opening. I can see juices leaking out, so I take a swipe with tongue to taste her. The wetness hits my tongue with a dramatic taste I hadn't expected to sense. As I begin officially licking my sister, I can feel her lean back. This gives me the chance to use my fingers to spread her as wide open as possible. Plunging my tongue deeply into her, I keep my face in place as long as I can before needing to catch a fresh breath of the ocean air.
"My turn." Hannah tells me as I breathe in new air.
"You ready for this? As she sits up, I stand. My hard cock brushes up against her pussy.
"Not yet. I need to taste you, as well."
As we flip our bodies around, Hannah kneels before me and strokes my cock into her mouth. Watching my sister hold my balls and stroke me lightly while sucking on the head of my dick is almost too much. Relaxing as much as I can, I grab her hair and hold on for the blowjob I never even dreamed possible. Donna gives amazing head. It's just the fact this is my sister right there going to town. Just as I can handle no more, I bring Hannah up to face me.
As we kiss again, I grab her thighs and lift her with the intention of entering her.
"Hold on." She tells me.
"What?"
"I want to look you in the eyes while we become one."
Staring at Hannah's eyes, I can feel her warmth at the tip of my cock.
"Let's do this." She says, never losing eye contact with me.
With that, I drop her onto my dick and then hold her in place.
"You feel amazing." I tell my sister.
"Just know I love you, and we will always have this special moment." Hannah finishes talking, and begins fucking me as wildly as I had hoped.
I return every movement of her hips with my own, and we are quickly fucking in unison. Since we are still standing, I begin moving her inside to either get on top of her on the couch, or on any available bed. As I turn us toward the door, I can see Donna is riding Sam while watching us. On his back, Sam has his head turned to watch us while holding onto Donna's tits. She keeps grinding on him while we walk by. At the couch a few feet way, I keep myself inside Hannah as I lower our bodies onto the soft cushions.
Now in a missionary style, we're better positioned to touch each other, kiss, and also see the entire scene unfolding before us. Teddy and Nora basically drag each other from a bedroom out to the balcony where they begin fucking where Hannah and I had once stood. Undoubtedly, the outdoor area is intoxicating as they seem completely oblivious to the four of us in the living area.
Resuming our fucking, Hannah and I begin kissing deeply. With every move deep into her, I can feel her mouth answer every motion of our bodies. The passion within our kisses increases as our rhythm becomes faster and faster. I can feel Hannah tense up and wrap her legs around my waist. I get into her as deeply as i can, then allow her to finish grinding her pussy on my cock. Opening both her eyes and mouth, Hannah utters not one sound as the waves of orgasm roll through her entire body.
Relaxing her legs from around me, I then begin thrusting myself in and out of her until I can no longer hold off the coming explosion. Looking her in the eyes, I slow my movements just enough to bring on my orgasm. Hannah smiles at me as she feels the hot squirts of cum deep into her body.
Knowing full well this will be my only opportunity, I keep Hannah in my arms as my cock softens and falls out of her. She feels strangely wonderful, probably due to the rules and norms we just destroyed. The excitement of violating this taboo yet again is like a shot of adrenaline. As I feel the hair of Hannah's landing strip on my leg, I wonder how Donna and I will navigate this portion of our relationship. Since she and I are technically not exactly cousins anymore, I wonder if I will ever taste Hannah again. My thoughts disappear as Donna enters the room. My questions are soon answered.
"Okay, you two?" She asks, standing over us at the side of the bed.
Hannah rolls slightly onto her back and opens her eyes.
"Perfect." I reply.
"Then let me in." She tells us, and squeezes her body between mine and Hannah's. Curling herself into my arms, Donna holds me tightly, and then I feel another hand. Hannah has rolled back into position, pulled herself against Donna's back, and now holds the three of us together. Pulling my arm out from under Donna, I similarly pull all three of together just a little more. As I move my hand around Hannah's back to a breast, I fall asleep.
Awakened by knocking on the door to the suite, I unfold myself from Donna. Hannah somehow slipped out over the course of the last few hours. Walking into the living area, I see a naked Nora walking back to her room, and our concierge delivering our morning coffee and breakfast snacks.
"We might need some more coffee." I tell him after seeing Hannah and Teddy wrapped up in a sheet on the couch.
"I'll be back shortly. We arrive in Grand Cayman shortly. Will you be leaving the ship?" He asks.
"Yes, we have a charter scheduled for Stingray City."
"Of course. The weather looks perfect today." He tells me on his way out.
As the door closed behind him, I suddenly realized how unfazed our concierge has become to our almost constant state of undress in this suite. Not only did Nora and I walk around fully naked this morning, Hannah and Teddy are noticeably nude under the sheet. Donna then walks out to the living area, pours a cup of coffee, and then pulls open the curtain in front of the balcony door. As I watch her walk out, I can see clearly another cruise ship at what turns out to be the North Terminal. Our ship is in the process of docking at the South Terminal, and Donna simply stands there, naked, looking down at the movement of the ship. Anyone on the other ship is probably enjoying the amazing view of my cousin. I know I am. So much so, in fact, I decide to join her.
"So, are we still cousins?" I ask as hug Donna from behind.
"Until we reveal our secret to our parents, and they verify Hannah's story, we are very much cousins. And, I wouldn't have it any other way." Donna turns to face me.
"Why is that?" I ask.
"Because watching you last night made me realize how we've grown together. We have now supported each other in exploring some incredible sexual boundaries. Remember Enchanted Rock?" Donna sips her coffee with her ass fully exposed to the world behind her.
"Do I ever!" I exclaim lightly.
"Well, I don't think we would have ever done that as just lovers, or even boyfriend/girlfriend. Our status as cousins opened up so many possibilities, and destroyed so many things we would normally consider taboo. The fact is, I am completely free with you, and I'm pretty sure you figured out your freedoms last night. You and Hannah looked not only incredible, but also like you were really enjoying each other." Donna finishes and walks back into the living area.
As I follow her, I realize she is correct. She and I fell into this safe place, free of judgement, and the end result has been love on a sublime level. While it will be interesting to see how the family reacts, I know I will fight for this woman until the end of time. I don't know if last night will ever happen again, but I know Donna and I will be together for events just like that one. And with each other's support, these experiences will only get better.
Hearing a knock at the door, Donna goes to open it while pull the curtains wide open. The concierge delivers additional coffee and snacks, and Donna goes to wake Nora and Sam. Hannah and Teddy watch us walk around nude in front of the open door.
"Is this a regular morning occurence?" Hannah asks me.
"Oh yes. We get coffee and pastries every morning."
"No, not that. Just being naked in front of the room service."
"Oh, that. Well, in a word, yes."
"Oh." And with that, Hannah gets up, fully exposed, and grabs a mug for coffee.
With the room service update complete, our concierge heads out, and Nora and Sam enter the living room.
"Okay guys, here's the plan. The ship is now docked, so we need to skip the dining room breakfast. Enjoy some coffee and pastries here, then meet on the dock in thirty minutes. We have a short cab ride to our scheduled charter. Onboard, we'll have access to another meal, and plenty of drinks. Pack lightly, bring sunscreen, and be prepared to meet creatures of the deep." I tell everyone as I back up to the window to point at the other cruise ship.
"Creatures of the deep?" Teddy asks.
"Yep, but first, who wants to flash a cruise ship?" I ask wryly.
Donna and the girls basically sprint to the door, and we join them as they wave at the neighboring ship. Not knowing, or caring for that matter, if anyone saw us, we head in and consume every last crumb on the room service tray. With my directions fresh in their mind, Hannah and Teddy get dressed and head down to get their stuff for the charter. Donna and I shower together and get into our suits. We find Nora and Sam are ready at the same time, and head down together.
After the cab ride, we are ushered onto our pontoon boat and head into the bay. The island surrounds a naturally shallow bay where the snorkeling is amazing, and the deepsea creatures are none other than the stingrays at Stingray City. After socializing with the stingrays, and getting some fun pictures of us kissing these docile creatures, we head out to a private spot for snorkeling. And, as I had planned for just Donna and myself, it turns immediately into nude snorkeling.
In these cool Caribbean waters, I didn't anticipate getting a hardon. But, the underwater scenery was definitely enhanced by the sight of three naked women swimming freely atop the beautiful coral. In fact, I don't think anyone had sex. I definitely got to caress and finger Donna at will, but that was about it. The pontoon was only manned by one guy, and he gladly took pictures of us underwater and then onboard before we got dressed again. We were provided with small, credit card sized usb drives with all the pictures. After a late lunch in Georgetown, we boarded the ship and headed upstairs to rest.
Well, two of us didn't.
"I saw something by the adult pool I want to check out." Donna told me as we boarded.
"Okay, let's go. Alone?"
"If possible. They'll understand."
"Hey y'all, we'll meet at dinner. Donna and I want to take a walk for just a moment." I tell our four friends.
We discover most of the decks on the ship are fairly deserted. Everyone must be still arriving back from shore, or getting rested for dinner. Anyway, Donna leads me to the adult pool, and along the wall almost directly under our balcony, she spots what she hoped for.
"Wow! Let's take a shower here." She tells me. Donna is as quickly out of her suit as I could imagine. Turning on the shower, she stands underneath the water and beckons to me. The first streams of water had to be cold as her nipples harden instantly.
As we caress and clean each other, I'm able to feel my cock harden in the warm water of the outdoor shower. There is only one possible ending here.
"Fuck me against the wall." Donna directs, and then turns and spreads her arms and legs apart against the wet surface.
Answering with no words, I move in as closely as possible, then lift Donna enough to allow my cock into her soaking wet cunt. I keep her pressed to the wall, feet just off the shower floor, and begin pumping my dick into her.
"Yes. Keep me off the ground. Grab my tits and don't let me slip." She says aloud.
Looking up, I see no one above us, so I continue to push her into the wall. No way I'm stopping now, even if there was an audience. As I press harder and harder, I can also feel Donna relax her body. It's like fucking a limp doll and I can see why she wanted to come out here. With the warm water washing over us and our skin upon each other's skin, I have her completely under my control. Donna has always like to be controlled. As her arms fall to her side, Donna has become totally and overwhelmingly mine. I am free to do what I want to do to her. With that realization, I shoot a full load into her pussy. Keeping her impaled on my dick, I pull her lifeless body away from the wall. Just outside the streams of water, I remove her from my cock, and twist her body around so I can lick her pussy. As gravity pulls her hair and arms down, I remain standing and pull her entire body up do I can eat her out. Donna does not move at all, remaining motionless while I explore her cunt with my tongue.
As inspired as I was by her desires, I have a new idea. Placing her delicately onto the shower floor, I grab my suit. Putting one of her hands through on of the openings, I twist the fabric tightly around the wrist. Then, guiding her other hand into the other side of the suit, I complete the same twisting to create, for lack of a better term, handcuffs. Lifting her up high, I am able to bring hands over the shower head and now can hang her from there. Still under my control, I let Donna gently hang and then lift her legs onto my shoulders. Putting my hands on her tits, I press her body into the wall, and then open my mouth to engulf her pussy. With my feet firmly in place, I'm able to consume her for several minutes. Moving my right hand between her breasts and maintaining the pressure on her body, I'm then able to put my left fingers into her pussy and ass. I use that hand to move her ever so slightly against my face, and I can feel her tighten in my mouth.
As much as I wanted to keep going, I could feel the end in sight. Lifting my cousin just enough to get her arms off the showerhead, I hold her ass with one hand and bring her arms around my head. Then, I lower her onto my hard dick and begin fucking her with her back against the wall. Donna comes to life and begins kissing me as I move her hips against mine. Since I already went once, I'm able to last until she lets loose a low moan and cums with me inside her. As I feel one more orgasm come from within her, I lift Donna off me and stand her up. After loosening my suit from her wrists, I put it back on and walk away, leaving her standing under the running shower. A few feet away, I see her suit and pick it up along with our bag. Instead of using the elevator, I access the stairwell to our floor which is just one flight up.
With no Donna in sight, I simply walk up the stairs to our floor, then down the hall to our room, where I enter, close the door, and walk to the balcony. From there, I can see Donna still in the shower. Without even looking up, she turns off the water and walks slowly to the stairwell access. Losing sight of her, I return to the door leading into the hallway, open it, and watch her walk toward me after exiting the stairway, still completely naked and wet.
"You are amazing." Donna whispers in my ear as I take hold of her dripping wet body at the door.
"You inspire me everytime we connect." I tell her.
Back in our own shower, we clean each other off, and dress for dinner. Donna has forsaken all underwear, and her nipples tighten as she slips on a small tank top. Finishing off the ensemble are some navy blue shorts and a small see-through wrap on top of her shoulders. Her tan shoulders are easily visible under it, but the light fabric manages to cover her small tits. I'm sure that will change after dinner.
By this, our fourth dinner, everyone is starting to look a lot more tan. Undressing all the girls with my eyes becomes a sport of sorts, but they are all wearing so little, I don't need to use much imagination to see their naked tits and tight cunts.
"You look lost in your thoughts." My Mom tells me.
"We've had an action-packed few days both here on the ship and in our meetings. I think our business is about to go to a next level, and it's been quite exciting." I explain.
"Well, you should relax. Don't forget to take care of that cute girl of yours." Mom says with a wink.
"Oh, Mom, don't worry, but Nora would surely appreciate hearing you say that." I answer.
"Dear, I wasn't talking about Nora." Mom whispers in my ear, and then laughs.
"What?"
"You think I'm too old to see? We can talk later. Just enjoy the cruise."
"Does Dad know?" I ask.
"Ha. No way. Your secret is safe with me. Dont' worry, you won't be in any trouble. You'll see." Mom finishes and leaves my side.
"What was that about?" Hannah asks as we stand to leave.
"Nothing but confirmation of my own naivete." I tell my sister.
"If only she knew about last night. That was incredible, never to be duplicated I'm afraid." Hannah replies.
"I know. But, anything is possible. Who knows?" I look Hannah in the eyes.
"We're going for a walk before going to bed early. Keep thinking those pleasant thoughts." Hannah kisses me on the cheek and walks out with Teddy. After a long day in the sun, not to mention last night, some time in the room sounds like a good idea. It doesn't hurt we have an awesome balcony from where we can enjoy the cool Gulf breeze. Donna doesn't object, so we head upstairs. We change into some more comfortable shorts and shirts. After opening the sliding doors onto the balcony, we enjoy the darkness and solitude of the room. Nora and Sam join us for a minute, then retire to their room. A knock at the door startles me slightly.
Opening the door and turning on the living room light at the same time, I find a waitress with a champagne cart. Well, I think it's a waitress. She is in a dress, not the usual cruise ship uniform. I let her into the room.
"I think there's been a mistake. I didn't order anything." I tell her.
"This is the spa suite?" She says, looking at the card on the cart.
"Yes, but, well let's see who sent it." I reply. She lifts an envelope off the flower vase which sits next to the glasses.
"Actually, it's from me." The waitress tells me, showing me a blank card inside the envelope.
"I don't understand." I say, looking at Donna who approaches the cart.
"Well, I have a confession to tell you, and will completely understand if you ask me to leave, but I'm hoping you at least hear me out." She tells us.
"Go ahead and open the bottle, but do tell us what you need to say." Donna says while biting into a strawberry.
"Okay, here goes. My name is Alora and I'm from Mexico. I've worked these cruises just about year round for several years now. I get one day off, actually eighteen hours, during each trip. Before I clocked out today before dinner, I was assigned to outdoor cleaning. It's pretty typical work, but not today." She stops and looks at us.
"I think I know what you're about to tell us. This is Zoo, and I'm Donna, by the way." Donna allows Alora to continue.
"I'm embarassed to say this, but I came across you guys inside the adult pool this afternoon. And.."
"Are we in trouble?" I ask.
"Oh, no, exactly the opposite. You see, I desparately desire what she has. I want to do what Donna was doing. There, I said it. I'll leave now if you want." Alora seems glad to have said all that.
"No, stay." Donna and I answer simultaneously.
"Really?"
"Yes, tell us as much as you want." I tell her as I pour some champagne.
Alora came across us in the pool while I had Donna tied up onto the showerhead. After watching for a little bit, she simply backed off and made sure no one entered the pool so we could enjoy ourselves. Of course, that wasn't a problem, and she was able to sneak away before we saw her. What came next was a surprise.
"So, I'm here because I want, no, I need to experience the total submission I saw in Donna. I'm here to seduce you and ask you to do the same to me as I submit." Alora boldly states her intention.
"Well, I'm ready to do that for you..." I begin.
"No. Not you. Her." Alora says, and points at Donna.
"Oh, well I'll stop talking now, and you two figure this out. I'll enjoy the champagne." I indeed stop talking, anxious to hear how this plays out.
Donna leads Alora to the couch, where they sit facing each other, knees almost touching. After they begin talking, they begin touching each other. First, their knees touch, then they hold hands a little, and both girls feel the hair of the other. Their conversation is more of a whisper, interjected with small laughs. The nervous energy in the room fades, so I head out to the balcony to enjoy the stars which have revealed themselves once again as the sun set in the West. A sliver of the moon appears on the horizon to my right. My cousin joins me.
"Okay, here's the deal." She tells me everything.
"Alright. Sounds like a plan. So, no touching by me except if I touch you? And, I can undress if I want?" I try not to sound too excited.
"Yep. You'll know when it's okay to come in. When she stands, I'll begin." Donna whispers as she looks back into the living area.
Turning together, we stand at the railing and look into the room through the open sliding glass doors. Looking at the two of us, Alora takes a deep breath, stands, and walks into the center of the room. Stopping there, she stares ahead, seemingly looking right through us at the Caribbean. Leaving me on the balcony, Donna walks in toward Alora. As she continues to stare at me, Alora never even makes eye contact with Donna who circles around her body. Standing behind her, Donna places her hands on Alora's shoulders then speaks into her right ear. She nods in agreement while still looking straight ahead.
Quietly, Donna slips off her own shorts and shirt first. Without hesitation, my now-naked cousin pulls Alora's dress up and off her shoulders, then down her arms which are still obediently by her side. I make no movement, and keep my eyes on Donna as Alora steps out of her dress, now only covered by a black lace bra and matching panties. As they are about the same height, I can easily compare these two women. Donna has noticeably bigger thighs, but Alora's ass is a nice sized Latina butt and looks very squeezable. They have similarly sized waists and I can tell Alora has bigger tits. I'm about to find out as I can see Donna work on the back of her bra.
Alora remains motionless as the bra falls from her back. Donna brings the thin straps over her arms, and my eyes are rewarded with the sight of her brown breasts capped by wonderfully large areolas. The nipples harden quickly as Donna drops the bra on top of her dress in front of her. All that remains are her panties, but Donna waits a moment while I take in the sight of Alora. Bringing her arms around Alora's shoulders, Donna runs her fingers through the long dark hair on her head, then brings her hands to a stop just above her tits. I can see Alora's body move with each breath, and then Donna takes a breast in each hand and begins rubbing from the outside of each breast until just her fingers are squeezing the nipples. Alora still has her eyes open and continues to look at me as I devour her visually.
Donna works her hands down Alora's stomach, stopping just at the top of her panties. Spreading her fingers, she then pushes her hand into Alora's panties, and I can see the outline of her hand begin to move onto Alora's pussy. Donna uses her other hand to pull the panties down while keeping her pussy covered. Thus, my naked cousin stands behind a naked stranger named Alora using her hand to cover her sex.
"Are you ready to present yourself?" Donna asks Alora so I can hear.
"Yes. Please allow me to present myself to Zoo." She requests.
"Alright. Zoo, Alora now presents herself to you." Donna tells me.
Donna raises both hands onto Alora's hips, allowing me to view her completely naked. Like Hannah, she has a well manicured landing strip of dark hair covering her cunt. The perfect proportions of her body are matched by the visible excitement I see in her eyes.
"Both of you are amazing." I say as I cross the sliding door threshold.
"May we proceed?" Donna asks me.
"Yes. Please proceed." I direct after taking one last look at both incredible bodies.
As if on cue, Alora closes her eyes, raises her arms above her head, turns perpendicular to my cousin, and falls into Donna's waiting arm. Donna deftly scoops her limp body up and walks gingerly to our bedroom. Alora's arms and hair dangle downward, as do her legs. Donna has only a few feet to walk, and I follow them into the room. Donna literally tosses Alora onto the bed, so much so that she bounces a little. Alora doesn't move at all in response. Donna moves her body to the center of the bed, then spreads her arms and legs apart. Standing at the end of the bed, I'm able to see look directly into Alora. The blood is still flowing into her pussylips, engorging them. She is noticeably wet, and I would love to just dive into her with my face.
That honor, however, belongs to Donna. After securing Alora's feet and hands to the bedsheet, Donna climbs on top of her and begins lickingevery bit of her. From her head to her toes, Donna doesn't miss a spot. At her pussy, she lingers and I bend down to take a close look at her tongue in motion at the entrance into Alora. She moves her tongue slowly and all around, even stopping to enjoy the landing strip hair.
"Go ahead and undress. You'll know what to do next." Donna tells me.
I'm quickly out of my shorts and shirt, still at the end of the bed. Donna positions herself between Alora's legs so she can suck me for a moment. Then, she turns around, puts her ass in the air and begins to work on Alora's pussy once again. I move forward, knees barely touching the bed, and spread her ass with my hands. As Donna's pussy comes into view, I guide my hard cock into her. Letting go of her ass, I take Donna by the hips and hold her in place so I can fuck her.
"Don't cum yet." She directs.
After pumping her for a few minutes, I stop and resume watching Donna consume Alora. Donna smiles when she sees me stroking my cock.
"Okay, here's what she wants." Donna stands and tells me how we will finish off Alora.
"Damn, let's go." I reply.
Donna releases Alora's hands and feet, then turns her completely around. After bending her legs at the knees, Alora's hands are then tied to her ankles. Spreading the legs as far as she can, Donna then climbs back onto Alora. With pussy once again facing me, Donna then dives back into Alora's cunt. I climb onto the bed, then begin fucking Donna doggystyle, with Alora's face just a few inches below.
"Okay, now get into me nice and deep. I'm going to ease my legs down. Let's make sure we don't suffocate her." Donna tells me.
If Alora were to open her eyes right now, she would see nothing but my balls and my cock inside Donna. She could lick both the base of my cock and Donna's delicious cunt. Just knowing where her face is causes me to cum way too quickly. The weight of Donna and myself keeps Alora in place.
"Okay, get off." Donna tells me.
As I stand, I can see some cum on Alora's face. Donna turns around and adds to it by sitting with her pussy directly on Alora's mouth. I start stroking my cock again as I watch Donna rub her cunt all over Alora's chin, mouth, nose even her forehead. Her entire face takes on a very sticky appearance. Not missing a best, Donna gets off Alora and begins licking her once again. She quickly gets to Alora's face where she doesn't stop licking until she has all of my cum removed.
After checking to make sure Alora's hands and feet are securely in place, Donna wakes her by slapping her face.
"Okay, bitch, we made you ours. Now, it's time to answer for your sick desires. DO NOT CUM UNTIL I TELL YOU!" Donna practically yells at Alora, then climbs back on her and begins eating her pussy.
I'm still at the end of the bed, and Alora looks up at my cock and then into my eyes. She remains silent and stares at me while Donna works on her pussy. Every so often, her eyes blink a little longer than usual as Donna is surely hitting all the right spots. With her arms and legs immobilized, Alora isn't going anywhere; she will be here until we release her. But first, she has to release.
"Okay, I can tell you're ready. Go ahead, but make no noises at all." Donna tells her after lifting her face from Alora's cunt.
It couldn't have been more than fifteen seconds before Alora's body unleashes a torrent of orgasms. Her entire body tenses up against the sheets holding her in place, then relaxes after each of a dozen spasms overtake her.
"Alright, now make yourself cum." Donna tells Alora after standing up and freeing her right hand.
As we stand watching from the end of the bed, Alora looks up at Donna and myself while rubbing herself into another massive orgasm.
"Balcony." Alora speaks for the first time.
"That was our signal word." Donna says, then moves around to release her left hand, and helps Alora to her feet.
They walk arm in arm out to the balcony. I follow, and find the breeze suprisingly strong and a welcome change from the intensity inside the bedroom.
Alora and Donna lean against the railing, facing each other, and begin kissing. As their hands run over each other's body, I stop to watch. Donna in her safe space is such a wonder.
"And look, both of you have cruise ship hair." I tell them.
"Cruise ship hair don't care." Comes the slightly muffled response from Donna, her lips still firmly on Alora's mouth.
From the kitchenette frig, I grab some water bottles, and walk onto the patio. The girls gladly take them and drink. As Donna pretty much finishes off her bottle, she surprises me with immeasurable temptation.
"Alright, Zoo. You have a decision to make. I'm about to text Hannah and Nora and invite them to this party. Once we are all here, if we decide to be, we will then do whatever you want. Alora's only condition is that she is part of a package deal. You can have any of the rest of us alone. You can have a threesome. You can sit and watch women go at it with partners you determine. The possibilities are limited only by your imagination. Let that sink in while I get my phone." Donna finishes and leaves the balcony.
"I just prefer women, but I know how to work a threesome." Alora tells me as she scoots closer.
"So, what's it gonna be?" Donna asks upon returning.
"Let's see who shows up, and go from there." I reply.
"Nope. Tell me what you'll do with Hannah." She looks serious.
"This is impossible. There is one choice and I choose you. Only you." I tell Donna.
"Good. Let's be clear. It will be okay to do anyone else when I decide. That's how this works." Donna tells both me and Alora.
"Huh?"
"I'm showing Alora how this works. Women are in charge. Men come along for the ride. By the way, Hannah is very much not coming up."
"Good, I'm worn out." I say as I head to bed.
As I get to the room, I see Alora and Donna back in an embrace, kissing and smiling. In a few hours, I hope to find them in bed next to me. Until then, my pillow calls my name.