Love Tour

I had never been naked in public before. I had never had sex in public before. And I had never had sex with a girl before -- that is before Cami and I wrestled, stripped each other naked and had sex in a pool of Jello in front of a hundred or more drunken ex-pat kids in a bar on a Mediterranean beach. The whole thing was like a dream. We made love back in the hotel room and woke up in each other's arms, but as soon as I got out of bed, all I could think of were the consequences.
I had always liked to think of myself as a little wild, but not a slut. After our performance on Hector's stage, I was forced to rethink that. Cami licking me to orgasm in front of all those kids changed things, and all the money we made didn't help me sort it out. I looked at that stack of bills sitting on the hotel dresser and thought,Okay, I'm a sex worker. That sounded pretty slutty.
And my relationship with Cami was another complication. I loved her, and I realized I always had. I never needed the sexual relationship to be in love. All growing up, we had done everything together, and we had a lot of fun. Our personalities seemed to fit together, and by the time we were ten, we knew we could count on each other for just about anything. Now we had had sex, wonderful sex, and I was wondering if we could count on each other for that.
And this didn't even include the view from the outside. What would people think of me when all those pictures and videos went around the internet? How could I face them? And if I did, what kind of person would I have to be to do it?
I was sitting at a little table in our hotel room with a cup of cappuccino, looking out at the beach but not seeing it. It felt like my brain was swirling down the toilet bowl until Cami slapped me back into the world.
"Hey," she said, jumping out of bed naked, her big boobs bouncing all over the place, "let's hit the beach -- not so many people yet, and it'll be too hot in a couple hours."
So, of course, that's what we did. We put on our bikinis and walked a couple kilometers down the beach to an outcrop of rock that extended out into the water. We climbed up on the rocks and lay there in the morning sun. There was no one else around, and the temperature was perfect. The sea was calm, just the quiet sloshing of tiny waves. The sky was clear and blue and the sun was sweet. If I hadn't been drowning in worries about my new life, it would have been idyllic. Cami had no such worries.
"Wasn't that awesome?" she breathed dreamily, then laughed. "And we even got paid for it."
"Um, yeah," I agreed uncertainly.
"You know what Hector told me when I got our money last night?"
"No."
"He said there was an extra 50 euros in it that the waitresses chipped in from their tips. They made so much more than usual, they loved us. He said we can do another show whenever we want." She was breathless with excitement. "We could turn this into a steady job, if we wanted to."
I felt like a shit, but I couldn't match her excitement. I was silent and probably pretty grim-faced for a moment, trying to sort out how I truly felt.
"I don't know, Cami," I finally said more calmly than I felt. "It's so new, I've got to think about it."
"Oh, you think too much. Think with your pussy. It was fun, wasn't it?" she laughed and then added quietly, "and maybe even more than that?"
We were lying side by side, close together on our towels. I just rolled over on top of her and kissed her deeply. As I knew she would, she sorted it out for me. I felt her hands moving softly over my skin, and I could tell how much she was loving it. I felt them slipping under my top, and I was loving it, too. When one of those hands slid smoothly down my stomach and under my bikini bottom, I gasped.
"We should go back to the room," she laughed, "save it for the paying customers."
We went to the Paradiso that afternoon and Bonny, one of the waitresses, came over immediately and grinned. "Whatever you want, it's on the house."
"From Hector?" Cami grinned back.
"He's lost his mind," Bonny laughed. "He says you'll never pay for a drink in this place again. You put us on the map."
"Thanks, Bonny," Cami said. "That's good to know."
We sipped our champagne cocktails and waited for Hector to come over to our table. I didn't get it at the time, but I later realized this was a power move. Cami was getting the advantage by making him come to us. When he did come over and sit down, the two of them beat around the bush for a couple minutes before they got down to negotiating our "contract." That's when I discovered that, among her many other talents, Cami was pretty darn good businesswoman.
We got 1050 euros for that first show, including the waitresses' tip. Cami told Hector we'd do two more shows during the next week for 4000 -- from him. Anything the waitresses wanted to contribute would be on top of that. Hector came back with 3000 and he'd get to pick the nights. Cami said 3500 and let him set the schedule, but only in the next week.
Hector said, "The money's okay, but you got to hang around after the shows and mingle, right?"
Cami shook her head and looked at me with a satisfied smirk. "You understand what you're asking?" she said to Hector, still looking me in the eyes. "You get us all worked up and then you want us to sit around here for the rest of the night with these drunken slobs. That's harder work than the show and much more of a sacrifice. We're not doing it for nothing."
"You got to be here," Hector pleaded. "You'll keep the place packed."
"Right," she said aggressively. "And that's why you should be happy to pay."
It was fun to see Hector squirm, but Cami eventually settled for a flat 5000 euros for the two shows and the after parties in the bar. He picked the next Friday and Saturday nights for our performances and wanted an exclusive, no performances for any other bars or nightclubs in the area, which Cami agreed to without wringing any more money out of him.
"That was nothing," she explained later. "I didn't want to hang around here anyway. We said we were going around the Mediterranean and we've been stuck here two weeks already. We do those two shows, we're out of here. Next stop the Riviera."
Those two shows felt completely different than the first one. The first one, I didn't know what was happening. Cami had to drag me along. Now, I knew exactly what I was doing and I was ready to show the world, especially since most of the world had probably seen it by now anyway.
So, Friday night when Mina announced us and we got in the pool again, I attacked Cami with everything I had. There was something about doing it in front of an audience that made me crazy with lust, but even more than that, I wanted some of the power in our relationship. In our first match, Cami had called all the shots, and that was wonderful, but now I figured it was my turn. By the middle of the second round, I had her top off and we were circling. When I charged, she let me take her down on her back. I slid down, ripped off her thong and buried my face in her pussy. Cami's howl was only part theatrical.
When we got back on our feet, she began talking to the audience, walking around the play pool with a big happy grin, keeping up a funny patter about how great her orgasm was, how she loved to wrestle me, how amazing I taste, how lucky she was to have me as her own personal sex toy and how much she loves to tease me before she lets me have what I want. Of course, all the crazy drunken kids loved it, especially since she was walking around naked in front of them with red Jello sliding sensually down her body. I knew it was all just part of the act, but it was making me mad. I wasn't her toy, and I didn't want anyone to think I was.
In the third round, she went after my bikini, which took all of about one minute. She stripped it off me and threw it to the crowd, leaving us both naked to the world. At that point, I think we both knew it was finally my turn. With her cooperation, I got her down again, but this time I didn't go down on her. I slid up to kneel with my knees on each side of her head, while I sat my pussy down squarely on her face. Cami made a show of thrashing her arms and legs as she snorted muffled hog sounds, rooting with her nose and tongue in my pussy. She soon had me gasping from the shocks coursing through me like jolts of electricity. A minute or two of that and I came with my own cries of pleasure.
Hector said he'd never seen a crowd go so wild. They were standing on the tables, banging on everything they could find, some of them howling at the top of their lungs. He was afraid they might tear down the bar with their bare hands. Cami and I missed all that. We were much too much into each other to see or hear what was going on around us. When Hector blew his whistle, I fell off Cami's face into the Jello, totally spent. Only then did I gradually become aware of the crowd.
Rowdy as they were, they didn't intimidate me anymore. In fact, they even gave me the victory, this time. I did have Cami on her back for most of our match, but I don't think they believed in my dominance. It didn't matter; they loved our performance, and I took their vote to show they understood I was an important part of it.
Hector lived upstairs from the bar, and he let us go up and use his shower to get some of the stickiness off our bodies. When he showed us into the bathroom, he said he'd love to stay and have a threesome, but he had to get back down to the bar and keep the drinks flowing.
"What a shame," Cami said sarcastically.
"But you've got to come down when you're ready and hang out in the bar for a few hours," Hector reminded us. "That's our deal, right?"
"Right."
The shower we took together in Hector's tub was fun, but I was a little worried about how the kids in the bar would treat our wild behavior on stage. Were they going to think we were looking to find paying customers for the rest of the night?
"Don't worry," Cami said. "We'll set them straight. There's only one person I want to make love to tonight, and she's right here, right now, soaping my pussy. Oh god, don't stop. That feels so good."
As usual, she was right. The boys treated us with something like awe -- all except the Greek boys. They were assholes, as usual, but Cami shooed them away with their dicks shriveling in their pants. I struck up a conversation with a handsome Italian boy about my age, but he was just one of a dozen boys that hung around us. I recognized a few of them as belonging to the huge yachts moored down at the marina. Everybody knew they were filthy rich, and they probably thought they could buy us with their allowance. Maybe they could have, but one of them seemed to be the leader, and he had other ideas.
He was a tall kid, maybe a couple years older than us, dark, possibly Arab and very good looking. At one point, I saw him talking with Hector who was nodding vigorously and grinning from ear to ear. Awhile later, I saw Hector talking to Cami with that same leering grin. Cami listened and said something back that Hector didn't like. He frowned and shook his head, but Cami persisted and he finally shrugged, glancing at me. I knew they had cooked up something, and once again, I wasn't sure I was going to like it.
We were back in our room lying in bed together when she told me the plan. Then I was sure - sure I didn't like it.
"I'm not going to have sex with some guy I don't know, right in front of everybody."
"No sex. Hector says he'll jump in and hose the guy down if he gets too serious. It's just another part of the show. This is our chance to make some real money. It could set us up for the rest of the summer."
"I don't know," I whined. "I don't mind doing this with you, Cami. I trust you, and I know you'd never hurt me. But some guy out of the crowd wrestling with us in the Jello -- we don't know what he's going to do. I'm scared."
But Cami pushed right through all my objections and got her way as always.
This was going to be our grand finale. The deal was we'd do two rounds, then have an intermission while Mina presided over an auction for the right to join us for two more rounds. Hector wanted 50% of the auction take, but Cami turned him down. She wanted 100% or no deal, but she made a concession that convinced him to accept. She said he could announce that we were leaving town on our tour, but we'd be back for another stop at the Paradiso some time in the next two months. Hector would have a big draw for the rest of the summer, and Cami was sure we'd at least double our take for the night, maybe more.
For anybody but Cami, I wouldn't have even considered it, but with Cami, I didn't know how to say no. I said I'd do it, but I was still scared.
"You better protect me," I said. "I don't want to get raped."
She raised up on her elbow and cocked a humorous eyebrow. "Not even by me?"
"Well, that's different," I sniffed.
She rolled on top and smothered me under her breasts.