I'm a software consultant, so I travel all the time, twice a week, every week. I go to a different place every month or three.
This means that I go through security at my local airport a lot, and I know all the people that work at the terminal I travel from. I'm not friends or more than cordial with them -- we both need me to get through screening in a fast and professional manner. But I know their names (from their badges) and their faces.
Last month, a new person started working at my terminal, and she was gorgeous -- at least to me. Her name was Lucy -- which seemed a very old-fashioned name to me - but everything else about her wasn't. She had a luscious mom-bod with good size breasts -- they looked to be around 34C - and a great booty. Unlike most of her co-workers she always had a twinkle in her eye like she was just about to smile. It always made my morning brighter when she was the one checking tickets and IDs. In fact, most of the times she was working, my cock stirred and got a little bit hard. The boxer briefs I wore kept it from being noticeable.
One week, I accidentally put on a pair of underwear that was old enough that the elastic band had worn out completely. I didn't notice until I got to the airport. I felt it start to slip just a little bit when I got out of the car and onto the shuttle from long term parking. After getting off the bus and walking through the terminal to the baggage check area my underwear had slipped considerable far down. The only reason they hadn't fallen off entirely was because of the crotch of my pants. This restricted the movement of my legs, but let my cock move around like I was going commando.
It was embarrassing being around all these strangers hanging loose, but I was surprised to find it was just a bit thrilling and I started to get a little bit stiff. The woman working the baggage check counter must have seen a bit of bulge as I walked towards her, because her smile seemed a little bit brighter, and her eyes seemed to twinkle. This made me just a bit stiffer, and I started to get worried that I was sporting enough of a bulge to be obvious. I'm not an overly endowed man, but six and a half inches and girthy can make quite a bulge when I'm fully erect.
I knew I was in even more trouble when I got to the security line -- Lucy was working. A quick glance down showed that I did have a somewhat obvious bulge if you were looking. Thinking about all these people who could see my cock straining at my pants excited me more and my bulge grew. Even though I was struggling to walk properly, my cock rubbed against my pants, and I felt every movement.
I got through the security line and started walking to the podium where Lucy was working. I could feel my cock throbbing in my pants and knew it was obvious that I had full erection. When I got to the podium Lucy looked me straight in the eyes, but then put on a very professional demeanor. There was no hint of a smile or the glint in her eye that normally was there. She checked my ticket, and then looked at my photo id and my face a couple of times. She nodded to say I could go, but then looked down quickly, caught my eye and smiled.
I was right on the edge of a massive orgasm, and barely able to contain myself. I fled to the nearest bathroom as quickly as I could. I was hoping that my pre-come hadn't soaked my pants enough to be visible. I bolted into the closest open stall, undid my belt, and sat down while letting my pants fall. I was leaking from the head of my cock, but it didn't look like it showed through my pants. I smeared the precum around the head and shaft of my cock and started stroking myself. I knew I would be spewing soon, so I reached to grab some toilet paper. The roll was empty! Thinking quickly, I stopped stroking long enough to rip through the defective underwear. Now I was ready for action!
I tugged on my balls a bit and pressed my finger onto the spot below my balls where my prostate gland was. This gave me a gush of precum, and I stroked furiously. As I felt myself start to explode, I wrapped the ripped underwear over my cock head to catch my own cum and had a much bigger orgasm than I'd expected. I struggled to keep my mouth shut and not make any noise, but I know groaned a bit. The toilet seat also rattled from the movement of my body.
As the force of my orgasm eased off, I heard some grumbling of disapproval from the stall next to me. I squeezed my cock and balls a few times to get the last bits of cum out -- I always leaked a bit after an orgasm unless I came two or three times in a row. My watch beeped, and I realized my plane was boarding soon. I travel so much that I've got my timing down so I'm not waiting in the airport for long. But now I'd lost several minutes, and I was not very close to my gate.
I hastily pulled up and buckled my pants, and nearly ran out of the bathroom, dropping my ripped and gooey underwear into the waste basket as I left. Without my underwear holding my legs together, I could really move. But as I was rushing towards my gate, I realized I had a problem again. My cock was rubbing against my pants again, and I was getting harder and harder as I jogged.
I got to my gate just in time to be the last person boarding. By then, I had a full erection and the bulge in my pants was glaringly obvious. I was also a bit out of breath, so I was huffing and puffing a bit. The gate agent was a man, and he glared a little at me, but marked my ticket and let me board. I boarded and turned to head down the aisle to my seat when I realized that everyone on the plane was looking right in my direction.
My pants made it obvious that I had a full erection, and I was a bit red in the fact from the run. I felt really embarrassed -- but my cock didn't. It twitched to say Hi to everyone. I hoped there wouldn't be a lot of turbulence, but I knew I was in for a bumpy ride either way.
I had chosen a window seat but was late enough that the other seats in the row were full. I held my shoulder bag in front of me, walked down the aisle, and felt horrified when I saw that both the seats in my row were taken by very good-looking women around my own age. I was able get into my seat without having my crotch and erection directly in their faces, but it was not an easy task. As I sat down, I turned away from them, leaned against the window like I was going to sleep and tried to think of everything I could to cause my erection to go away. I don't know if it worked or not, but the next thing I knew, I was being woken up by the woman next to me. She had a big smile on her face. She said, "It's time to get off", winked and then added "the plane." I know I must have blushed horribly, because her smile turned into a bit of a friendly smirk. She turned and walked off the plane before I could say anything. My cock throbbed at her statement, but my excitement had settled down enough that I didn't embarrass myself as I got my luggage and then picked up the rental car.
Once I got back to the hotel and into my room, I realized I had a problem. I really needed to masturbate, but I really needed to watch some porn to do it. I couldn't watch any of the pay-per view movies; it would show up itemized on the hotel bill and that would cause problems with my employer, and the customer.
My company laptop was locked down and I couldn't visit any porn sites there either. The screen on my phone was too small to be much help. The TV was too old to let me screen cast from my phone to watch porn there. Finally, I found that the TV had a built in; but very hard to use; web browser. Success!
I pulled up several of my favorite sites, and videos on them that I hadn't seen. I set things up so I wouldn't have to do much to move from one video to the next. I spent the next several hours masturbating and came at least three times. I'd also remembered to grab some hotel hand towels, so I wouldn't leave myself or the bedspread messy. I did have a moment where some mischief came to mind. I left cum all over the bathroom counter just to leave a 'message' for the cleaning service. I used my finger to smear it around to say "hello".